He put his arm around her as she held her phone up for a selfie, "What brings you ladies out today?" He gave his best smile as the camera clicked.
"Thanks, Rhodey." It never ceased to amaze Tony how well Rhodey knew him.
The three glanced at each other, but only moved to put their phones away when Steve removed Tony's hand from him, stuck it on the safety bar above his head, and moved towards them to do just that.
"The fuck is
"What?"
And Tony spared a second to glare at one of the cameras before turning back to the story, squeezing the head of his dick as he poured more lube into his hand.
"It lives!" Bruce laughed, and Tony rolled his eyes, grinning.
"Surprisingly, yes. Nice to not be dying for once," his attempt at a joke was a little dark, but she laughed. "Beginning to think I might be immortal."
"Fuck me! Oh God, oh please!"
Steve still pumped in and out until he grew soft, riding the last of the orgasm to the very end, his palm and fingers continuing to stroke Tony until the smaller man was whining and shaking and twitching with overstimulation. Only then did he stop, gently removing himself from Tony and laying on top of him, kissing all over his face, his neck, basking in the glow of what they had just done.
As the elevator doors closed, she chuckled, "And you know what? I don't think he'll mind."
turned away. He
"Can I go home?"
"And you better bring that mug back!"
"Not at all, but I don't have much of a choice." His body was tense, Tony knew he almost had him. "Aren't you at the least bit concerned that Howard's almost caught us?"
"You can tap this ass later, my little chicken nugget, don't you fret!" Tony called over his shoulder as he opened the door.
He got off the scale to Natasha's beaming face. The smile so wide and so foreign on her, it sent pure joy through him.
"I don't mean that." Steve felt a small smidgen of guilt prick at his chest as Howard retreated back into the bathroom. He pushed it back down. "I mean right now. Here. Don't hurt him. He plays aloof well, but he's always seeking validation. You hurt him, and I swear, Howard, me punching you is the least of your worries."
"Yes, really," Tony smiles, stepping closer, "if you're sweet enough to Pepper, she may embarrass me by showing you the pictures from my fifth birthday." Leaning toward Steve, Tony whispers conspiratorially, hoping to make Steve laugh, "Full-on Captain America themed. Complete with streamers, a shield cake, and me in a full, custom Captain America costume. I was the talk of my kindergarten class."
The sound Tony made was somehow both a snort and a laugh.
"That picture in the living room? With the six of us, you remember it?" He nodded to her and she continued, "The green thing in the back is the Hulk. And the Hulk is what Bruce turns into when he's pissed."
"Can't keep a good man down!" And now why did that make Tony's face feel hot again?
meant Clint had to bring out his Borat voice, much to the consternation of everyone else in the room. "High five!" Except for Tony, of course, who immediately slapped palms with him.
"You're welcome, Mr Stark. Regina is going to come in and draw some blood. Don’t eat or drink anything after midnight and come back tomorrow for the rest. But this way we can get the CD panel in quicker."
"Yes." Steve smirked coyly. "Yes we do."
Steve’s arms encircled his waist from behind and Tony leaned his head back onto his shoulder, closing his eyes, letting Steve's warmth and strong arms envelope him. "The kitchen in the penthouse is getting a similar makeover, Bruce and Thor are up there right now, only it will be 100% gluten free." He placed a chaste kiss on Tony's jaw.
"I'm all ears."
"Using your big boy words, I see. I'm not sure if I should be offended or not?" Inch by inch, he was guiding Steve back onto the bed. "Was that supposed to be a compliment?"
Tony's smile is wide and genuine. "Till we meet again, Ho." He turns back as he passes the threshold, but Yinsen is gone, and Tony is happy for him.
Tony whimpered, burying his face in his hands. "Yes, now please! I want to come!"
Nodding but not really listening at this point, he's got brand new knowledge in his hands; Tony flips through the books.
But Bruce's voice told him to breathe. So he did.
Watching as she slid four pieces of bread into the toaster, he dared another question, "Why not?"
Natasha smacked Clint's back, pointing in his face as a warning, before leaving the room. "I'll call you later, Pepper, have to head downtown."
"Your job is simple," Tony added, "all you need to do is concentrate on promo, making sure it fits what the fans want, and help set up our tour and appearances. You hire the video directors,
But, twenty minutes later, they were interrupted by hushed whispers coming from the kitchen. When they went to investigate, the other four Avengers were standing around the island staring dumbly at Steve and Tony in the doorway.
"Sir and Captain Rogers are in Sir's suite," JARVIS began. "Doctor Banner is in his lab, and Mr. Stark is in the guest quarters."
how much fun this is going to be." Diving down, he silenced Tony's laugh at his pun with a deep kiss, licking into his mouth and using one hand to tug at his hair while the other cupped Tony's chin, moving his head to exactly where Steve wanted it to be.
"Am not!"
Steve cut him off. "Howard, you can't be seen in public. That's just asking for trouble, and
to, but Natasha and Clint made it clear. I can't change it." Steve wouldn't look at Howard, so he moved, stepping into Steve's vision and adjusting every time he looked away. "I'm asking for your help, please!"
Tony prepared him slowly and sank into his body with a moan. The food was ice cold when they finally got around to eating it, but neither cared. They were sated and hungry and content - for the moment - to be together, just the two of them.
"I'm not a monster, Steve. Not yet." Howard found his voice, but it was still a bit weak. The sentiment hit where it was supposed to, and Steve felt a pang of… something. A long ago memory of friendship, maybe.
Tony was trembling.
Steve had almost forgotten he held Tony in his arms, so used to his weight, and he blinked down in surprise. Tony stared up at him, his face a mix of complicated emotions.
"Evening, Barton," she smirked, not looking away from the man seated next to her. Howard's eyes narrowed, and her grin deepened. He was off put by her knowing who entered without looking. Good.
Rightly contrite, Tony gave Steve a sheepish smile as he batted away Rhodey's hand. "Sorry, I have my own shit to work on too."
"He had his hands on you. Not okay."
"We should cook here, and more often. See if we can't choose healthier options, maybe that'll help. If not, we drug him." Steve snapped his head towards Natasha at her words.
"Says the guy buck naked in front of me."
Reaching up to the remote that controls, well,
"Nat, this is serious. The Avengers have been hiding a time traveler." Picking up a second yellow pad with Natasha's handwriting on it, Hill flipped through, scanning it. "How's that going for you, by the way? Sending him back?"
"Smart man. So, you're asking me to become a guardian angel. Which, are you sure about that?" Pointing to himself, Tony continues, "I'm known for being difficult at the best of times."
, knows that it wasn’t the other pilot’s choice. He also knows that Rhodey is planning on ambushing him soon enough so that they can talk about it.
Send help ;A;
He managed to only destroy three of them, barely, before he decided that he had burned enough excess energy. Once he was done, he made his way into the kitchen realizing until then that he was starving. He was wiping his face with his towel so he didn’t see the man rushing out of the kitchen. Tony collided solidly with his chest; Steve’s immediately shooting forward to keep him from falling.
on the other position of authority, Tony can feel his gaze on him. Natasha occupies the other side, staring impassively at the Wakandan monarch and her hands resting primly on the table. Tony notices Barton throwing suspicious looks at the tome on her left, but she ignores him. Rhodey sandwiches Tony and then there’s an empty space between him and Viz.
Again, Steve had tried to follow, but Sam was quick to grab his arm and yank him back. If he’d done it with a little too much force, neither one of them had commented.
were still there with him. So as the point of light grows and grows, he can’t find it himself to regret the path that brought him here.
“Ultron was about control,” Rogers says, but he sounds confused. Like it’s a truth he’s held on to for a long time, but is no longer sure it’s actually right. Tony avoids his eyes so he doesn’t see the pain the accusation brings him. It’s a lot different thinking that the man you… cared for thought so little of you, than knowing those thoughts to actually be true.
. And now he’s on the same fucking place and nothing has changed. His stomach still feels hollow, his bones still feel brittle, and the nightmare in his head is still the same.
“You haven’t lost any of us,” she says after a pause. Clever, as always, she knows exactly what he means without saying the words. She’s not looking at him, but he doesn’t feel as far away from her as he usually does these days. The moments when they have been this close, this intimate, are few and far between. He’s been stowing in so much anger, bristly and defensive at every turn, and her… well, she’s got a protective instinct a mile wide and an inability to let him get away with his shit. “He’s not mad at you, you know. He’s just hurt.”
“Plus, last I read on those trashy tabloids while I was doing recon, they’re not together anymore. There was that proposal, remember?” Natasha says.
Huh, would you look at that? He might actually be maturing a bit. And it only took yet another near death experience and betrayal to do it. Still, progress.
Somewhere over the Atlantic, Steve loses the fight against his mind as the panic overwhelms him and his hyperventilating keeps him from getting the oxygen that he needs.
Tony’s eyes meet T’Challa and the sadness in the other man’s eyes, though well hidden, tell him enough to know that he understands what the engineer is trying to tell him.
“No, no, of course not, Mr. Stark,” the boy says in a rush. Rustling something in the back Tony does not even want to decipher. “We can just catch up tomorrow after school. Plus, I’m coming this weekend to start this new set—“Ned takes a deep breath and he sounds nervous when he comes back on the line. “I mean—I—if that’s still okay. I know Peter hadn’t really, um, asked for your permission or anything but—” Peter face plants, the back of his neck a bright red as he groans into his textbook. Tony’s children are actual human disasters.
“Yeah, that’s kind of why we’re worried about you, actually. You’ve been spacing out on us a lot, man, you sure you’re all right?” Steve sighs, a wisp of guilt curling in his belly as he looks at Sam’s worried eyes. He knows he hasn’t been the same in a while, but… well. As he said, he’s been trying. “You know we’re here for you, right? If you need help or anything, right, Bucky?” Except Bucky isn’t paying attention. His narrowed eyes are locked on the television set that had caught Steve’s attention before. “Bucky?”
“Mr. Stark?” the voice breaks when it says his name. It trembles, as if unsure on how to talk to Tony. He closes his eyes tightly for a second before hissing out a curse. His mouth is cottony-dry and there is an insistent pounding on his right temple. His stomach growls, though he feels the taste of bile in the back of his throat. Jesus.
He leans his head back against the couch again, feeling the comforting weight of Morgan on his chest and her tiny fist grasping his shirt and his son by his side, he starts dropping quickly. Peter mumbles something against him and gets closer. This, right here, is everything. The pain, the grief, the bitterness, the anger—it’s all secondary to this. Tony would move the entire universe for them.
right there, he can see
“All right, rugrats, we really have to go. Do you all remember where the rec room is?” excited little nods are his response, and even Baby Bart is doing it too. “Okay, well, mini-bots, assemble” he says and before he can get another word they’re running out of the room. “Be—“there’s the squeaking of sneakers on his floor and giggling, “careful,” he finishes with a sigh and a shake of his head.
and taken any and every opportunity to wash his mouth out with soap.
. I—I don’t remember much of the few months after that,” he feels shame curl in his stomach and forces himself not to flinch in expectation of a blow.
, Tony, and I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry that it took me seeing you… seeing you
As if on cue, as if he can sense it, Steve’s phone starts vibrating in his hand. Bucky and Sam’s faces stare back at him. The tears he’d been holding in for the last couple of minutes stream down his face, and his throat tightens as he swipes his thumb over the screen to answer the call.
. “Or, well, Pym was wrong. I don’t know what beef he had with your dad, but he clearly didn’t know shit about you. Mr. Stark can definitely be trusted.”
“Nothing to be sorry for, Tony. What can—Is there anything I can do?”
“His name is Bruce,” Natasha spits out with contempt.
don’t change.”
“No progress there either, then?”
“Captain—“FRIDAY tries once again, and there is the barest hint of panic in her voice.
, it seems like I won’t be making it home for dinner.”
“Wasting each other’s time, huh?” Tony brings his arm up to his face stiffly, like DUM-E did before Tony updated him, and wipes at his cheeks. “I guess that tells me how much this meant to you.” And then it happens, Steve has seen him do this so many times. Has hated each and every time he has to put on the mask and fake indifference. It burns like acid on his skin to know he put that mask there and there is nothing he can do to fix it. “Okay, Steve. I understand.”
, too little too late?
“Where’s my brother?” James says as soon as Steve is in hearing range. Well, regular human’s hearing range. The man sounds stern, but there is concern hidden in there. Steve bites his cheek bloody with the need to defend himself.
“The newly revised Sokovia Accords under whose protection you now are. This, right here,” T’Challa says as he quickly goes through the pages on it. “Is the whole reason you are back home. Some provisions stay the same, the punishments and the necessity of communication with every sovereign country you enter, but a lot of it has been changed. Things like Ross’s involvement, as well as people like him. The necessity of the Raft remains, but the process to get there is much more complicated now. We have given other enhanced individuals—“
“What did you show him?” Steve’s voice vibrates with anger.
“Mmm, no,” Cassie said as Lila eyed Scott seriously. “I think Fuzzy Peach is more Daddy’s color.”
“A-aunt Peggy?” Steve’s voice is a hoarse whisper and Tony’s head snaps up to him. He’d almost forgotten he was there. The soldier is standing stock still next to him, hands in the pocket of his leather jacket, but his chest is rising and falling as though he’s about to start hyperventilating. His eyes are wide, and red rimmed as they look down at Tony and the mechanic doesn’t think he likes the expression there very much. It’s this swirling mix of guilt and sadness and misery that turns his eyes darker and stormy.
Tony finally pulled from Steve's grasp, standing. "What are you going to do with it?"
"I wasn't
She nodded, "The different vegetables at least give Tony some variation. Potatoes? Turnips? Those would go well."
"You were
"Really, it's totally fine. I haven't had as much time for him, so you've just made his month."
always feel better with a plan.
"Thor!" Steve commanded, aiming his shield, "do something!"
"Who's Petra?" He hears the shuffling as Steve moves closer. "He keeps saying that name." The blanket shifts as Steve pulls it higher, adjusting the comforter so he's warm.
He also let slip that he never wanted children. There was a change of heart at some point, obviously. But, it did nothing to save Tony from Howard's personal brand of upbringing.
Steve kept his voice soft when he spoke next, not wanting to startle Tony. "Why don't you guys go to the living room; I'll put the kettle on."
Groaning, Tony lightly touched his cock, feeling the heat build. "Oh, Tash, you are good. You are so good."
"No. With their experience, both Pepper and Happy could have found jobs that pay just as much. They stayed for
It scared the hell out of him.
" Tony interjected. "Null and void. The teens don't want to hear songs about love in perfect harmony. They want ass and titties and
He wiped himself up with quick movements, not doing the most thorough job, but enough that he could slip his clothes back on and disappeared out the door, returning several minutes later with a package of wipes. Tony was sleepy and sated in his arms as he cleaned up their come from his body, careful to wipe him down gently. After they dressed, both took turns in the bathroom washing their hands and straightening their clothes. The waiting room was suspiciously empty.
Three weeks after her meeting with Fury, Natasha Romanoff paused at the door to the conference room, listening to the voices of the boy band--excuse me,
Tossing his phone back into the nightstand, he turned his body, moving to his side to gather Tony up into his arms more securely. He didn't want to just sequester them away in Tony's suite for several days, it seemed unfair to make Tony stay in one place when the man was so filled with energy. He couldn't even go to his workshop without passing by where Howard may be and staying down there exclusively wasn't fair either.
Tony leaned over, interrupting in his usual way, "Stevie! Selfie!" It wasn't like Steve could ever say no to him, so he flashed a cheeky smile and leaned close to Tony. He didn't care what the photo looked like, to him every picture was a memory, good or bad.
"Stop punching me, Dane Cook!"
"Neither are half the people you employ. And from what I hear, you as well."
Tony feels all the blood drain from his face. No. No, he did not just out himself. He can't do this. It was okay when he didn't think Steve loved him back - and
“Taking care of Cassie was no trouble, Mr. Lang,” Tony said and he knew his tone was cutting. “She’s a kid that needed help, and I could provide it. You don’t owe me anything.” With that, he tried to make his way into the rec room. For a second there he’d thought… he shook his head to stop himself from continuing on that train of thought.
Aunt May is a slave driver, but I can be there in twenty minutes
would return without his juiced up super boyfriend. Well, the more he knew, he supposes.
“Nine,” Tony finds himself saying. He doesn’t know if it’s because it’s the polite thing to do, or because there’s a tightness in his chest at feeling excluded or because there’s this sort of hero worshipping in Peter’s eyes that was supposed to be
Tony has faced down the most dangerous individuals. Has fought against terrorists and maniacs and even alien invasions. He has done all of this with a devil may care grin on his face and determination in his heart. He has broken down terrorist cells and carried a nuke into a wormhole.
Ay, Steve, I still love you so much, you star spangled snake...
“The same,” Natasha says as she watches Clint curse at Sam for blueshelling him. They’re in the communal living room. Clint has been obsessively playing video games to distract himself, and Sam seems to be the only one that puts up with it. Through the window she can Viz and Wanda talking quietly as they take a turn about the grounds. Steve has been holed up in the gym, or his room with his sketches, and seems to be making his very best effort at turning into a hermit. She sighs. “T’Challa should be coming back within the day.”
“I would—“Tony sees something behind his eyes break, and then the younger man drops his gaze to the ground again. He shakes his head, and Tony doesn’t have to be a genius to know what he was going to say.
Tony makes a wounded sort of noise next to him, but doesn’t say anything. Steve can feel them sharing a glance over his head.
, he says will be trusted. T’Challa has been housing them and keep them safe, for God’s sake, you don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
As he was making his way out of the room he caught sight of Phil. The agent’s bland mask was still in place, but he was looking at the captain straight on. Steve wasn’t quite sure if he was correct, but he thought he saw something like approval in the other man’s eyes. He hoped he was right because right now he felt like he was left adrift. He didn’t know if he had done the right thing, but he knew it
“Everyone,” and there’s sympathy in her voice. Tony realizes that in however long they’d floated around together, maybe they had become friends. Like calls to like, and they had both been broken by Thanos beyond repair.
This is probably as much of Wanda as I will probably write. It was the hardest thing to not go super bitchy to/about her.
who wasn’t Tony. He didn’t trust them, which was completely fair, but Steve understood how important this was, now. “Woke me up way earlier than I would have wanted. I was on my way to the gym when I found him,” he says with a nod to where Tony is now scrounging around looking for the cane sugar he prefers on his coffee though he would swear up and down he takes it black. Like his soul. Steve used to laugh at that, but after the genius’s confession the night of their confrontation over the hearing he’s not sure he finds it so funny. “He thought you were gone.”
Tony doesn’t forgive him right away. When he catches up with him, hand soft and hesitant on his elbow, Tony’s eyes are hidden away behind his sunglasses. He pretends as though they’re old acquaintances, as though he hadn’t done that interview where everyone who knew of them would know who he meant when he said he’d only loved once, and it burns at Steve to be on the receiving end of that cold detachment. He wants to run, then and there, but he doesn’t. he doesn’t want to ever give Tony the idea that he doesn’t want him as much as he did when they were both two stupid kids, and he’d gotten scared.
“No, Tony,” and his voice is so infinitely sad. Tony can merely stare at the devastated look in the other man’s face. The look that says,
, it’s been three years and he’s still not used to it. He’s Mr. Stark-Rogers as of three years ago and for the rest of his life. Sometimes he still can’t believe Tony ever took him back.
“Here and well,” Barton says and there is a note of derisiveness that makes the room at large a bit colder. Next to Tony, Rhodey’s whole frame goes tense. The mechanic turns to look at him, and when their eyes meet, he shakes his head slowly. from the corner of his eye he sees the angry furrow of Rogers’s brow as he stares at them and then cuts his eyes to the archer.
Okay, so I had no idea I was this angry at Clint still so LOL
When he takes it from her, her eyes snap from her husband to his and a hand raises to his cheek. One finger brushes against his cheek as she gives him a nod. Before, he would have been forced to stay, he knows. Now, though, she only gives him a reassuring nod as he makes a hasty exit. He vaguely hears the legs of a chair scraping against the hardwood floor, but he can’t be bothered to find out who, if anyone, is following him.
body was equipped with the serum, he already didn’t need more than a few hours at the time, but Tony had already been running on fumes as it was. Steve moved to his side and cautiously put a hand on the other man’s back and smoothed it up and down in an attempt at comforting.
“It’s okay, baby. We’ll figure it out.”
“Rhodes,” he says again, pleadingly. He doesn’t want it to be true and he doesn’t want to let the little girl go in equal measure. She taps him on the cheek again and hums contentedly as he brings her up to her chest. “Rhodes, tell me—”
Back when Howard was still heavily involved with SHIELD, before him and Aunt Pegs had their falling out, he’d commissioned a part of the cemetery be laid out for fallen agents. Seeing as most of them worked in covert operations that never met the public eye, he didn’t feel as though they quite belong in DC with the other fallen soldiers. He thought, and Tony still has such a hard time wrapping his head around his father being so
” she spits out, “was the adequate person to tell you. To help you—I don’t know, process. I’m sorry, Tony.”
“Well, he can’t drink himself to unconsciousness this time,” he’d said with a cold voice. It had hurt worse than any angry words could have. “Though I’m not sure the way he’s using the BARF is any better.” Then he’d walked away, leaving Steve as though he was rooted to his spot.
“So we’re back to this, then?” Wanda’s voice makes Tony stiffen. She’s glaring at him, and the sparks in her fingers are not comforting. The sight of them brings forth memories of empty HYDRA bases, and
a voice thunders and Tony’s head snaps to the side and sees Rhodey making his way, shakily and with difficulty, towards them. And Tony is exhausted, so fucking done with how unbalanced he feels, so the step that was meant for Steve goes in Rhodey’s direction instead.
and even if you’re not all right right now? We’re all going to help you. You have me.”
left.
had been coming from when Tony saw him.
short and sweet because i caught feels.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I know,” Wanda says, sounding frustrated. Steve feels a stab of irritation as he looks at her, though he tries his best to look impassive. Nat throws a look at him that he refuses to acknowledge. They do not have the time for him to tear a strip off the two of them at the moment.
that his face is no longer tender.
“Only if you can match it when you swear,” Steve says quickly before Tony or Sam can retort.
“I thought I told you to go home!” he whisper-shouts because he’s stuck in a flying donut with an alien that could probably kill them all with a thought and his idiot
There’s a beat of silence before the whole room bursts into laughter. “Oh my God, Stark,” Sam says and Rhodey claps him on the shoulder with a grin. Tony blushes as he makes his way to the kitchen sink to wash his hands. His eyes, as is routine, go to the garbage disposal, and then he freezes.
Yeah, he thinks as Peter laughs while DUM-E tugs at the strings of his hoodie, maybe.
“Engagement?” he croaks out, turning back to his friends. Sam motions something over Steve’s shoulder, and when he turns around a ball game has replaced the image of Tony. Bucky is hunched over his phone, the frown between his eyesbrows creasing his forehead in worry as he scrolls up and down on something.
knows better and she’s older than him, Barton. Just because you see her as a child doesn’t mean everyone else is going to treat her as one.”
One step forward, two steps back.
issues. It’s ridiculous not to do it with Clint.
I don't know, is Tony completely OOC? Was i projecting hella hard? Probably, but fuck it lmao. I take complete authorship liberties right now.
“I don’t know why we can’t stay,” Cooper mutters, and it’s the first thing he’s said since he stepped into the room.
“Yeah, and I’m totally not failing geography,” Harley says with just as much snark. Tony narrows his eyes.
“that’s what you said last time—“
for a second.
“It was such a long way down, and I guess this new suit is super intuitive?” Peter is not stopping his nervous word-puke and Tony honestly has no words anymore. His mind is going a mile a minute trying to figure out a way to send his kid back home without getting all of them killed. What in the world is he supposed to do now? This is exactly why—
. Long before the accords, long before Siberia, long before Ross, Tony. I was supposed to be your friend and I let you down, and if there’s anything that these past months has taught me—“the sob finally breaks free of the captain’s throat. “Tony, if there’s anything I’ve learned in these past few months is that I don’t know who I am if I don’t have you there to be my foil. You—you mean so much to me. I was so stupid for not realizing it sooner, and I failed you. And you were right,” another shake and Tony feels like he’s floating. His brain isn’t connecting the words. It’s—he must have blacked out in the workshop again. There’s no way that this is
“He gave me a choice,” Tony said quietly. Harley snaps his mouth shut. “He’s always given me a choice, Harley. He’s never forced me to do anything. It’s not really his fault I’ve chosen so poorly in the past.” Harley’s mouth opens, no doubt about to go on another tirade, but FRIDAY interrupts him.
Peter was bright and shining and so damn cute. Even with the patchy little beard he was trying to get,
“All of you?” and Tony hears the skepticism in the question. He sighs. “You don’t have to take it, you know? You deserve to give your side of the store. Nat says you won’t tell them what you did.”
“Stop interrupting me, asshole,” Tony growls at him and gets a wet laugh from the soldier. “I meant, I’m not good at—at this—you saw how I was with and after Pepper,” Tony gives him a look when the other man opens his mouth to argue and he quickly closes it. “I don’t know how this works. I don’t know how to make things work, but I do know that we can’t—Steve, I can’t—“
“Steve,” she’d said, accent thick with exasperation and amusement as she rolled her eyes at him. “It’s quite all right. I’m not about to cite you for harassment with anyone. It wasn’t even a bad kiss,” she’d said this with a cheeky grin, and Steve had flushed with embarrassment. “And, if the circumstances were different, I wouldn’t have minded. It’s just—“she’d bit her lip and looked away.
“I survived it,” Bruce tells him as he keeps scrolling through his tablet. His voice sounds hopeful, now, and Steve’s heart clenches. He still hasn’t said a word.
“Tones—“
He had failed the man before him much more than he could have ever imagined, he knows. He might as well have been the man to wrap his fingers around Maria’s neck. There are so many ways for someone to die, he realizes, that go for far longer than their physical death. And now, seeing Tony shaking and biting his lip bloody in his attempt to keep his emotions in check, he realizes that he may have more than just blood on his hands.
it. “into words. It—sometimes it helps me stop crying.”
“Harley, we’ve talked about this. You can’t come if you don’t get your grades up,” Tony sighs and leans back against his chair. Damn kids, he thinks to himself as he remembers the other mini genius who owes him a talk about his PE and music credits.
, and an avalanche of metal, and Tony’s tie suddenly feels too constricting. He rips his arm away from Tasha, drawing too much attention himself, and Wanda pins him with her hostile gaze. “Fancy prisons?”
Cinnamon roll Harley. Too precious. Too pure.
“Yeah, kiddo?”
all the way until the doors slide shut behind them.
Tony has never cried in the whole year and a half they have been together. Not once. Not when his butler/dad figure had been sick. Not that horrible spring break with Mr. Stark in the house. Not after his god-knows-how-many kidnappings. Not once. And here he is, tears pulling in his eyes and clumping in his eyelashes in the frigid winter air. Steve wants to double over with the pain that hits his chest, but he can’t. He
“How are they?”
Tony has big shoes to fill what with his father’s company and the start-up he’s been talking about since their very first conversation together. For any other nineteen year old Bostonian those might be pipe dreams, but Steve knows that with or without Howard Stark’s name to back him up, Tony will do whatever he sets himself out to do. That is another reason why Steve convinces himself to do what he does.
Needless to say, being in the presence of the other man had always made Tony feel about an inch tall. So, what had he done? He’d confirmed every ill-conceived word on Natasha’s report. Textbook narcissism? Fine, Tony would plaster on a smile and brag about everything he had ever done; nobody needed to know that he only repeated it like a mantra to reassure himself that he still had the potential to do some good in the world. Selfish? He’d drop half a fortune on meaningless galas and stupid watches. Iron Man, yes? He’d update the suits as much as he could, would butt into SHIELD missions and debriefs to the press just to mock them. Tony Stark, not recommended? He’d pretend like that hadn’t stung and throw a one liner about how much he didn’t want to join their super-secret boy band. Nobody needed to know how much it had hurt, how lower his self-esteem had been, as he thought about how disappointed Aunt Peggy would have been of him if she’d been coherent enough to know.
, the other Steve says. No hesitation. No remorse.
“Cut, stop, take it off,” the real Tony says with a trembling voice. With slow steps, he approaches mirage Steve and scrutinizes him. “This isn’t—it can’t—he lies better than that,” Tony finally says and the real Steve closes his eyes and wills the tears away.
“He says we should head back,” he begins calmly.
“It’s a cemetery,” Peter says with about as much enthusiasm as his friend.
“So she was alone, and surrounded by people she didn’t know, probably didn’t like, and thought she couldn’t trust. And then there’s this guy, this simple human dude with nothing but a bow and arrow and a kickass set of deadly skills,” Tony pokes the kid’s side and manages to garner a smile. “and he’s willing to go out there for this random city, her city, and protect it because that’s just what he does. Just another day in the office, and suddenly she has one person she cares about and can count on. And your dad? Coop, your dad is so fucking good that he takes her under his wing and makes sure that she’s watered and fed and protected. He makes sure that she has a home, and training and most of all, the most important thing of all, that she feels like she matters. He makes her feel like she is meaningful and powerful and a person deserving of love despite what she’s gone through,”
After the serum, it had just become a habit to be awake so early. The thing in his veins meant that he didn’t need that much sleep. There was always a constant thrum of energy running through him. The need to
One down, like... four more to go.
“Yeah, I know. I’m sorry. It’s just… I just… I’m worried about you. I don’t… you’re not okay, and you weren’t before and nobody noticed and then you had to call me and I didn’t know what to do and I don’t want that to happen again.” Tony opens his mouth to refute him, but clearly the kid is on a roll. “I mean, I guess now we have Peter and FRIDAY would definitely call him before me, but then you’d be alone and I wouldn’t know, and then Rhodey would be worried and then I’d be worried and then you’d pretend like it’s okay but we’ll know it’s not and you’ll try so hard to make it seem like it was but now there’ nobody to drag you out of the lab and—“
It feels so strange to be standing next to Steve in his way. He doesn’t even mean the fact that the soldier has yet to let go of him, one arm like a vice around him waist, fingers flexing around his hip. No, what he means is that it’s strange to be standing
“What they ended up with was bad enough,” Wanda says and Tony’s jaw twitches with how hard it is for him to have her so near. He knows,
“Yes,” FRIDAY says curtly. “As a founding member of the Avengers Initiative and sole benefactor of the team he is allowed to take residence wherever he so—“
Natasha had found them in Wakanda; one day he had been walking around the market place, aimless going from stall to stall to see what the locals had to offer and feeling a pang in his chest every time something caught his attention.
“I thought so. I won’t bother you with the details, but the things that I have seen… Steve, I know my word doesn’t count for much, but I am no lying when I say keeping her here was the best option. Especially,” Steve sees him hesitate before a steely sort of resolve washes over him and he looks at the soldier in the eye. “Especially when I wasn’t sure I was doing the right thing by protecting her.”
“Christ, Steve!” He says, and he wants to sound angry but he just mostly sound tired and desperate. “What’s it going to take, huh? I’ve bent myself over backwards trying to fucking
he can offer Tony. He had barely been able to offer his body to the genius, and nothing had made him more thankful for his growth spur before moving to Boston than getting to have Tony in his arms. Only, a small part of his brain that still appears to be working tells him, Tony would have loved him with or without the hundred pounds of muscle. Steve knows this, Tony has told him this numerous times, and yet his self-hatred convinces him otherwise.
“All right, buddy, let’s get you some food,” he heaved himself off the couch and cradled the baby easily on one arm. The boy leaned his head against his shoulder, clearly still sleepy, and babbled at him.
Before he can focus on anything else, though, he sees the figure standing in front of the tomb. Tony has his eyes shielded by sunglasses, and he’s wearing his now-customary three piece suit. It’s a light blue, though, with a white shirt and a darker pocket handkerchief. It’s a definite contrast to the somber colors Steve has hated to see on him lately. His arms are wrapped tightly around his middle, and his head is vowed. Steve cautiously approaches him, and he realizes two things that send his pulse thumping.
A few things:
“I can’t be Captain America like this, Tony,” the blue-eyed man says with a shaky smile.
“Just, get over here,” Tony says, compartmentalizing
His body gives up. He makes it a point, stubborn till the end, to look at
“I get it,” Tony said quietly. He tried to push the other man away, but Steve stayed resolute. He shook his head fiercely. “I confirmed everything you ever thought about me to be true. I
“I’d think you’re lying if it weren’t for the fact that I know how awful getting your mouth washed out with soap actually is,” Tony says with a small smile. He doesn’t know why he feels the need to share with the other man now, but he decides to take that small leap of faith. His resolve to be stoic and cold towards the blond has already crumbled, didn’t even really last anyway, but now… well, most of their problems stemmed from how utter shit they are at talking to each other so maybe it’s time that they learn to actually
“In three days’ time,” he responded, and his face shifted. Instead of the severe look he had given Steve, now he looked reassuring. Wanda stared at him for a second before nodding and excusing herself from the room. Vision followed her after a minute hesitation.
“Sam, I—“Tony’s chest constricts at the emotion. It feels a bit like dejavu from that backstage at MIT. Except now he’s not being accused of murdering a young boy.
“On your run,” Rhodey says and there’s a smile on his face. Some of the defensiveness goes out of his posture, and Steve is grateful though a part of him is still sad. It will take a while, it seems, for his friends to stop expecting him to take off. He can’t say he blames him, leaving Tony in Siberia may have been the worst, but it certain wasn’t the
after meals or training sessions.
you still want more from me.”
“You don’t have to worry about me, Cap,” the other man says and even though Steve can’t see his face he is intimately acquainted with the self-deprecating tone to his voice. His arms instinctively tighten around his lover, wishing with all his heart that he could burrow the other man inside so that he can feel just how loved he is.
“What?” Steve blurted out, not able to keep his words in. He stared up at them incredulously, and Natasha stared back. Her face impassive, but Steve knew her well enough to see beyond the mask. He didn’t like what he saw there. It looked too much like disappointment. “For what?”
Um... Hello.
to be here,” the man said with an inclination of his head towards Rogers.
. He will not win this battle, not now that he has caused too much pain, to make Tony see himself in any kind of flattering light. “She had a picture of Charlie, old school glossy paper and everything, and she told me his story. She was so proud of that kid, I could see it, and I was too. Young Americans going out there and doing good with nothing more than their brains? I could be born a thousand times over, and never amount to half of their good work.”
And Bucky’s letter would remain hidden until he died, anyways. So that was that.
Tony doesn’t know what to say for a good thirty minutes after him and Steve separate. He wants to smirk at his father’s grave and point out that he has finally been rendered speechless. It had annoyed Howard,
“You’re alive,” Steve said breathlessly and it was testament to how surprised they were that Tony didn’t rib him for stating the obvious.
“He was wrong to lie to you,” T’Challa says seriously. Tony rears back in surprise; it’s the first time anyone has said that out loud. He doesn’t even know how the king knows about that. “He hid the truth from you for years, Anthony. He had no right. You should not blame each other, but if you must then it does not rest solely on you. And before you begin anew on the wrongdoings of your team,” he says as Tony opens his mouth to argue. “You must remember that I prepared for that battle by your side. I may not have agreed on bringing the young Spider boy with us, but I knew what you thought. I know what you expected; and that… violence, was not it.”
“Steve? That night, how did you feel when you woke up and Tony wasn’t next to you?”
, though Tony refuses to acknowledge that’s why he’s doing it. He breathes a little easier with every restriction that is no longer there, and every freedom that he couldn’t even have conceived, but someone with at least one shred of dignity in the UN has allowed to be written down.
“Together,” Tony tells him quietly. He stares off at the side where the Avengers logo is on the wall. “That’s what he said. That we had to it together or we would destroy each other. And what was the first thing I did? I went against that. He… they… I almost killed him, in Siberia. I was so angry, so hurt, that I didn’t care. I wanted him dead so that Mama… I was wrong, to do that.”
, and it was just one more thing for him. One more stupid thing he had to do, or something, to be like his old man. So whenever he felt like he hadn’t been out for a while, he’d find a party, and we’d go. I refused to leave him alone by that point, and he was—he was getting better. We got through MIT together, and I went to the force and he went to his dad to work in R&D, though it was more like he was getting groomed to be the next Howard Stark. Every time we talked he sounded—well, chocked is the best word for it. And I knew it was hurting him, you know, but—he didn’t really have a choice. And then—God,” Rhodes thuds his head against the seat and Steve closes his eyes. He knows what’s coming. Knows it with a visceral feeling of pain and guilt.
. He just gave and gave and gave without ever thinking it would amount to anything.
“Steve,” Tony mouths at him, eyes wide and disbelieving. Steve doesn’t know what his own face is doing, can’t feel anything but the rush of blood in his ears and the painful pounding in his chest, but he knows it’s
“Six years, in Midgardian terms,” Thor says evenly. There is something in his eyes none of them have ever seen before. It looks too much like hate. “By my estimation, the Man of Iron has been warning about this very thing for six years. Nobody listened. Now, here we are.” His eyes turn to Steve, it’s eerie to watch, but he can’t look away. This isn’t the jovial Thor they all know, this might not even be the Thor that existed before his banishment, this is new. This… Steve remembers seeing this kind of look before. It’s the eyes of a man who came out of a cave in Afghanistan with a hole in his chest, a mortal who fell from the sky in a tin can… this Thor is different in a way that looks familiar.
, is what the genius does to himself every night.
okay, stop, while they stayed in the den and cuddled and kissed and probably made out even though Tony was
"1988." Steve spoke again after a long moment. "You were eighteen?"
replied: What if he steals one of Rogers' sweaters in those colors?
POTENTIAL SPOILER WARNING for this chapter, but a note on the rating:
"You're not the only one who's been self-righteous, honey. Me too. And I'm sorry for not sitting down and talking to you -- really talking to you -- before this. I'm sorry for letting my anxiety win instead of trusting in your love." He was shaking, just a little, and Steve squeezed him, his own body tightly wound.
"Not gonna happen, Cap. I'll see you down there." And he was gone, legs moving quickly into the living room and to the landing pad. Steve watched him go before entering his apartment. "Damn it!" Tony was in no shape to be fighting, but the stubborn brat wasn't going to listen to reason. If there was a threat, Tony would meet it head on, regardless of his mental state. His ridiculous courage,
It was only partially the reason they were not 'out,' so to speak. The less the bad guy's knew, the safer Tony was. Tony would say the same about Steve. The other reason was because of Tony's importance to the tech world and his company. Being gay was definitely more accepted in the new millennium, but not nearly enough. Not yet.
"Go on, Tony
"Are you out of your mind!?"
But Michael only laughs. "Cursing! Who came up with that one? Honestly, we tried to fix everything with the Book of Matthew. You know—Do unto others as you would have done unto yourself? But no one listens! Anthony," he says, sounding just a tad exasperated, but not with him, "it's all about the heart. Good people go to Heaven; bad people don't. And you are a good person. You had a lot of lessons to learn, and you did. Tell me, why did you die?"
"He's a mystery to us all."
"Oh?" Clint grinned. "Should we come back?"
Sitting back at the kitchen Island, he fiddled with the side buttons until the screen turned on. Natasha was so much more forthcoming with information. She probably wanted him to use it. She wanted him to find out what happened, who
"What do you mean?"
"You should totally model!"
Natasha shrugged, "Sounds like we got him. I'll get the coordinates."
There was Tony. And there was Robert Frost. Or rather a collection of his poems that Tony plucked from the shelf by Steve's bed as the door clicked closed behind them. Tony knew exactly where it was because he knew Steve. He knew Steve read through that collection often, that it was a comfort to him. Tony himself had read from it
Who was Tony to say no to Steve Rogers? So they went.
"He's very important to Steve. They're, uh, close. And you hurt him."
"You say the nicest things," he retorted, headed for the door.
Tony's face lights up, "Ho!"
On top of it all, Tony was still a hard person to love, at least he thought so. He was too smart, too vocal, and too disharmonious with almost everything Steve stood for. They were opposites; they were perfect for each other.
"Then dinner, I think."
"And we can tell Philip to meet him at his home. He'll be ecstatic to have a new apprentice."
"Fuck." And he dropped back down against the mattress. Magic and spells. Time travel and Steve. Drinking with that beautiful and dangerous woman and the man that called him Asshole. Steve yelling at him. The man Tony barely looking at him but then… putting him to bed?
The young man on the seat stood threateningly, "I'll throw them out just like Captain America threw out that prick. Fucking try me."
"No one is forcing you, Tones." Bruce said, his voice a playful patronizing.
"I'm not trying to help in the way you think you need." Coulson smiles tightly. "You hide behind your public persona to protect yourself. To protect who you really are, which is a nerd who loves robots and learning. You are a geek over cars, and you deny, it but you love science fiction and fantasy. You love music, all types. You play the piano, have a lovely singing voice, and speak more languages than most people ever even hear.
There was so much to discuss, so much to talk about and work through, but it would all fall easily where it was supposed to now they were together again.
A conscience. The ability to know when you're doing right and when you're doing wrong.
would have that much of an effect on him. Trying to regain some control, Steve smirked, though it didn't look as much like someone trying to exude confidence as much as it did an overeager puppy. "Mr. Stark," he took a breath to calm the squeak that bubbled up over the name, "is your insurance going to cover this?"
It hurt, but somehow he felt lighter.
"Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"
The left side of Rhodey's mouth lifted sadly. "I'm sorry, Tone, you can give me the Bambi eyes all you want, but I'm not letting you go back to sleep." Slipping his hands under Tony's armpits, he carefully pulled him up and into a sitting position. "The Tony Stark I know doesn't just roll over and die." Tony let himself be moved, his eyes dropping down to the blankets, unable to look up at his best friend. Rhodey wasn't having that. With two fingers, he tapped under Tony's chin, gently cajoling him to lift his head. "I have coffee." It wasn't much, but it did perk him up just a bit. "But you have to try eating first."
"Thank you," he said softly, picking up the knife and opening the silver package in front of him.
"No. But I need answers."
"Uh huh. Come on, Lorelei."
Tony let him up, returning to his position on the lounger like nothing had happened at all. "Are you in or out,
"I know." Tony stood on shaking legs, taking a moment to regain his balance. "I promise, I do. I'll be at the next one."
"Can you come?" Steve asked, pressing both fingers hard against that spot within Tony, his mouth slightly open as he witnessed just how beautiful Tony looked with his body moving like that. "Can you come from that? Just that?"
Also, I'm sorry this is going up so late, I got far too involved with a friend's story, lol. Enjoy!
He might have even loved him.
"I did."
"It's your turn to do the dishes."
"I fell in love with Peggy Carter almost right away. I didn't admit it to myself - not at first - but I did. She was everything I had wanted. Smart, strong, and determined. Someone who could match me intellectually and challenge me." Tony feels him move closer, shifting on the bed to lean over Tony's prone form. "I also thought she was the most beautiful woman in the entire world."
"Go back to sleep. There are pork chops defrosted, so I'll make something with them."
He gives Joseph a loaded look, but the other angel just grins. "No," he says, turning back to Tony, "that was...shall I say unorthodox? We usually let mortals die as they will. But, if you remember, I did say that I had a special place in my heart for you."
"Of course, Agent Romanoff, he is in his quarters. I will connect you directly."
"Look, it's fine. He's gone now, right? Stevie here tossed him on his ass. I'm sure he'll think twice before he tries to grab someone's butt again." He paused, floundering for what to say. Boy, was he hating the subway even more! Forced interaction with strangers sucked donkey balls when he wasn't mentally prepared for it.
"Yeah. Got stopped for a picture. It was weird."
Tony balked, "Excuse me? Who's the one who all but demanded I drop all my projects to read. As well as my pants."
"Yeah, just now."
feel that way about me, so I just continue to live
"Great discounts and a knack for custom fits."
Jarvis said nothing, but did as he was asked. And Tony dropped the phone, unconcerned as he heard it hit the floor, and wrapped his hand around himself, jerking fast and in time with the dildo.
Feeling her phone buzz, Natasha pulled it from her pocket.
"Good to be home, Jay," Tony says as he steps inside and unclasps his watch.
Before Tony left, he turned to face Thor once more, "Thanks. I mean it."
There was a lot to be said about them bartering food for dealing with a drunk time traveling father, but Bruce ignored it, "You got it."
That has Tony snorting so loudly that he started coughing, giggling, and sucking in whatever breath he could in between. "I finally know who I got this lactose intolerance from, huh?"
He turned, dropping Tony to the chair with a grunt and laying on top of him. Tony's legs spread, letting Steve fit in between them, and he lifted his hips, grinding upwards. It was delicious friction, and they moaned, each lost in the haze of their cocks rutting together.
yet, but just being there trying to find an answer had him in higher spirits than he had been. It was an
But only the animals knew who was there. And they weren't telling.
These days, the baby faces had matured into handsome men, they didn't often make the front cover, and they were okay with that. Even experiences like this, where fans stopped them on the street, were rare.
"No one made you wat-oh." Tony's face had fallen, his good mood vanishing.
Tony laughed, nuzzling his cheek against the head, causing Steve to shudder. "I bet." Moving back just enough, his tongue darted out to taste the tip, licking up a bead of precome. Steve's eyes fluttered closed, his hands going to the back of Tony's head. "Looks like you're an honest doctor. Good to know." He wrapped his lips around the head, sucking it softly into his mouth. Steve's hands tightened in Tony's hair, and he whimpered, his head following the motion of Steve's grip.
song you've recorded thus far for the new album. Let me hear them, and I'll let you know if they fit." Tugging a business card from her suit jacket, she handed it to Clint, lightly brushing his hand and suppressing a shiver (
"Well, I mean first you mentioned fingering. And then you get fingered on the beach-"
"It's okay. Gotta look realistic, right? Bring it on."
here without the pulsing energy that was Anthony Stark. Steve sat at his window, sketchbook forgotten in his hands as he stared out over the expanse of the Manhattan skyline.
! Brought right into the future, right into our living room."
Steve cut him off with a kiss, pulling Tony's neck down to slot their lips together. "Shut up," he chuckled, flipping them over so he was on top and nestled between Tony's legs. Tony's answering laugh was interrupted with a moan as Steve grinded down on him. "Nat needs me in the living room."
And Steve laughed again, reaching down to grab the jeans and tug them off.
Steve's face colored, even in the darkening light, Tony could see it. Fucking hell, he was beautiful. "I'm not totally ignorant." He mumbled, looking down. "Just want to know why, is all."
Shaking his head, Bruce put the smaller and more expensive package into the cart. "You pay for the better stuff."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah," his voice trailed off and they heard his door shut moments later.
"Damn it! You know I'm ticklish there, Banner!"
In the kitchen, Bruce was pulling plates from the cabinet, he looked over his shoulder as they came in. "Dinner's done. I kept it simple. Just a quick stir fry. Set the table?" He held out a stack of plates, wiggling then gently. It felt so
"JARVIS?" He's home. He's home, and he's alive, figuratively speaking, but it's harder than usual to calm his breathing and just accept that. "JARVIS,
"Tony."
"Vaguely." Steve answered, stepping forwards to examine the photo used to advertise the exhibit. "I don't remember this, that whole day is kind of a blur."
Steve never did figure out what Tony was thinking about. He was prone to that, of getting lost for a bit, swimming through his thoughts like he was trying to wade in the rough waters of Robert Moses Beach right before a storm.
With a whistle, Tony sat up. "That's a steep price for a first timer."
"Yes, I'm your little whore!"
Popping open the bottle, he coated his fingers and reached around, lightly teasing his hole, and trying to imagine it was Steve's tongue instead.
Thor had seen enough. "You are my friend's father?" he said dangerously. At Howard's nod, he continued, "And you have a problem with whom he has fallen in love with?"
They lived rent-free and took care of whatever food they wanted in their personal apartments, but it was Tony who kept the common kitchen stocked with a whole multitude of treats and groceries. He did so much for them and never expected anything in return. Bruce frowned at that. He really should make it a point to show his appreciation more.
"Good. Now, for what I can do to help." Steve stood, offering his hand to help Howard stand. "This is a unique situation. But it overlaps my own." Howard took his hand and let Steve pull him up. Steve clapped him on the back. "Talk to me -- whatever you need. Do you want to rant about how confusing this time is? I'm here. Do you want to commiserate on what you lost? I'm here. Want to reminisce?" Steve held his arms out, index fingers pointed in to himself. "Because I guarantee you, I'll need the same. Especially now that I have someone here who's been through it. I think we can help each other."
"Come on," Natasha said, bumping his shoulder. Clint winced and shot her a look. "Let's go meet him. I'll get you some ice. Wuss."
Sitting, Pepper spoke calmly, but with an authoritative edge in her voice he knew to mean that he better pay attention or else. "Steve is blinded by his love for Tony, and Bruce can't be anywhere near Howard for too long or he'll force me to have this place remodeled. Again. And Thor is not on earth. That leaves you and Natasha, Agent Barton, to be objective and watch out for Tony."
"We gotta try."
The desperation in his voice was awful to be witness to, and Howard shot up from his seat, dropping to his knees in front of Tony. Nat's heart dropped; they were not okay. How did everything get so messed up? Howard was trembling, shoulders hunched and his face screwed up with his attempts to keep it together. "I'm so sorry, oh god, I am so sorry!" He grabbed at Tony's hands, pleading. Natasha expected Steve to protest to him invading their space in such a precarious moment, but he shifted, opening up their little circle, the hands not on Tony coming to rest on Howard's shoulder.
"We did something highly illegal, of course he's pissed." Clint's hands flew up in his gesture, almost knocking Tony over.
It had seemed so simple. It really did! Cast the spell, if Steve were alive, go and see him! Then embark on a fabulous adventure in getting Howard back with the knowledge of how to find Steve so he could bring him back earlier. Bing bang boom! A lovely time had by all.
Howard was on the couch where she’d left him, still fussing with the Starkpad. She settled against the grate to watch; he didn't seem dangerous. But as the saying went, looks could be deceiving.
know magic. But he did know it existed.
Steve carries him to the couch.
Leaning onto the counter, Steve gripped the edge and squeezed his eyes shut. He felt any lingering respect and friendship he had for Howard slip away. Even the memories of laughing with him and Peggy couldn't save how he felt. It was almost as if Steve had been holding a photo of Howard and it had melted slowly over his relationship with Tony, and within the last hour, had disintegrated completely. All at once, the man he knew became a stranger.
Tony rinsed quickly, stepped from the tub, and wrapped a towel around his waist. The shower had felt good. Great even. He felt clean and more awake than he had been since he woke up.
He was from 1961 (which they had surmised through his repeated mutterings of
"Wouldn't you?"
Looking up through his fringe, Steve squints like he can't quite make Tony out at first. His exhaustion is written across his handsome face as clearly as the bright A on the side of the building. "Hey," he says instead of answering, "what are you doing up?"
All Howard wanted was to see his friend. It seemed so
It wasn't like Tony didn't keep lube in the workshop. He kept it everywhere. I mean, you honestly just didn't know when the right moment would just...pop up.
He was also glad that Steve was such an imposing figure.
People passed, some with curious looks, but most walked by as if Tony and Clint meant nothing to them. Years ago, that would have been not only impossible, but Tony and Clint may have even been a little offended. They
"Ugh." Tony groaned, pulling the blankets over his head.
. Not in the grand scheme of things, not unless he's creating something to better the world. His
Tony squirmed a little, adjusting. "I really am beat. Movie and then bed? Or movie, then the sex you promised, and
“Steve Rogers, I’m not particularly fond of the title these days,” he has to swallow the bitter taste of regret that rises up at that. He offers his sincerest smile at the boy.
“Oh my God, you’ve got to be kidding me,” he said once he had managed to control himself. Steve had settled on the coffee table in front of him so that when, or if, Tony looked up he would be able to see him straight. Steve had noticed that Tony seldom stood face to face with them, especially if they were arguing, because it was so much easier for him to put up a front and divert whoever was screaming at him. “I can’t believe that after everything I’ve done for you
if you think I’m going to apologize for that because I won’t. I lost JARVIS during that fiasco, you think you and the girl are only ones who lost something that day? Fuck you, I lost my
“I suppose there’s a jet waiting for us at the airport?”
Peter accepts comfort, this time and Tony sends a small prayer of thanks to the universe for it, easily this one time. He sobs, just once, and then throws his arms around Tony and almost knocks them both down. It’s a testament to the stress the poor kid has been carrying around lately that he’s beent this forthcoming with his pain. Tony holds him tight, one arm around his waist and the other hand on the back of his head; he rocks them, same soft motions he uses to lull Morgan to sleep, as he lets his son work through his pain.
when it clearly didn’t only involve him.
She took one look at me and Jarvis’s long suffering look and then held her arms out. Now, usually, I’d be all up for her to carry me… I… well,” his voice falters as his father’s voice echoes in his head. He shakes his head hard to dispel the sound. “Well, let’s just say Daddy dearest wasn’t too kin on people
“”Teve, ‘Teve, ‘Teve,” there was an insistent little hand tapping at his chest, and Steve grinned down at the baby on his chest. They’d practiced his colors in the morning, and then Steve had found the baby’s big legos and had helped him build his towers. Then had helped him tear it down the way
Ross had wanted Tony’s head when the whole Vulture fiasco had happened. Had Tony not been going out of his mind trying to find his reckless son, and if that isn’t the Rogers kicking in full force he would eat the Mark L whole, he would have tried to fight Ross harder on that. As it was, he had the weight of the Accords Council, the UN, SI and Pepper and May to contend with trying to clean that up. Admittedly, he had lost his temper at a crucial moment with his son. Even now, over a year after it all happened, he feels guilt flare in his gut and threaten to choke him. He never should have left Peter so defenseless, he never should have lost his temper, he never should have been distracted… but more than that, he thinks in the quite hours of the night when both his children are asleep and he can let himself
“So what? So what if you were scared! We’re a fucking team! You think you were the only one?!”
, and this asshole had an arm wrapped around his shoulder and a hand on his fucking knee, and I
“No, tell me where you’re going.”
Steve had been laying on his back on the penthouse deck. His hair shone in the sunlight.
them and his hands are fisted in a way that lets the soldier know he’s trying his best to rein in his temper. He doesn’t know what they’re talking about, not really, but he can recognize a situation that needs deescalating when he sees one. He’s barely opening his mouth to say something when the tide breaks.
wouldn’t leave him. Even when the others left him, countless others,
… and waits, and waits until the adrenaline begins to slow down and he dares to peek up over his eyes. Steve has staggered backwards, and there’s an absolutely devastated look on his face as he stares at Tony, his head shaking. Slowly, devastatingly and horrifically slowly, Tony’s brain makes the connection that this is different. That Steve will not hurt him; not after how much they’ve been trying for the last few days. “Steve—“he begins shakily, trying to step forward but his knees feel as though they’ll buckle if he moves.
Whatever it is, he thinks, he’s not going to be able to do it alone. There’s nothing for him to punch here. Nothing that he can see that will come and knock him against a trashcan in a filthy Brooklyn alley. Bucky is far away, and his ma has been gone a long while. There’s no Peggy to take charge, or Howard to charm their way out of trouble. There’s no Erskine with a crazy plan to make him better, no ailment to find a miracle cure for. For a second the despair of that almost overwhelms him, but on the exhale of that breath he remembers that he hasn’t been alone. Not since that faithful day when he saw a Tin Can falling out of the sky after pulling that hail mary.
, and then moves on to his engagement. Apparently, Sunset Bain had been a family friend. Steve turns the name over and over in his brain but he can’t remember ever having Tony mention her to him. They had started talking again after some sort of deal between their companies, and then had started dating. The website calls them the
Before anyone can continue their interrogation, Tony catches sight of a mop of unruly brown hair through the glass door. He feels his whole body go cold as he gets a goofy grin in return. Before he can even think about it, before his synapses even spark, he’s on his feet and balling his fists on top of the table. He throws a look that is complete betrayal at T’Challa, and he knows it. He doesn’t give a shit, though, because just
Next time he was out on a mission, he’d come back to find his key card reader off his door and an honest to God wooden door on its place. It was dark cherry wood, and there was a brass key hanging from the knob and a knocker and peephole at eye level with Steve. He’d stood there, mouth agape as Natasha continued to her room with a snort, and then he’d laughed. He’d laughed, and
Steve had brought him comfort and pain in equal measure.
“Thanks,” Tony said and found that he really meant it. “And you can call me Tony, you know. Since we’re like three seconds away from braiding each other’s hair.”
Scott Lang was standing in the doorway with a puzzled, yet happy look on his face. Tony noted, with some relief, that there was no apprehensiveness or distrust on the other man’s face. If anything, he looked pleasantly surprised. If a little awkward, though Tony was beginning to suspect it was just his normal state of being.
“No, Anthony,” T’Challa’s voice is suddenly sharp. It’s enough to get Tony, Tasha and Rhodey to stop pouring over the documents and videos and speeches and to look at him. The king’s face is pure determination, and Tony is suddenly concerned. He thought they had done well enough to pacify everybody.
“I think he’s right,” Natasha says to break the silence. She doesn’t look at Tony as she says it, though he glares in her direction, but instead continues to stare at T’Challa. It’s like they’re having a conversation that the other two occupants in the room are not privy too, and seriously, when the hell did that happen?
agonizing over the lettering after the news had hit. If Rhodey is to be believed, he’s been obsessively focused on getting things just right for it. It’s black marble, and the letters etched on it are in flowing silver script. There’s a white marbled sunflower resting atop it, Peggy’s favorites, which Tony had taken great care of to commission perfectly.
tiny. Dad. Dad, you’re holding a baby.”
in his eyes had Steve nodding quickly. He probably looked like a bobble headed door if the baby’s laughter was any indication, but god he was just so grateful.
Plus, he had to wait for someone else, too.
He knew he’d made the right choice when her smile widened, and she immediately started on story after story on her man. Steve hoped Daniel Sousa knew how fucking lucky he was to have a girl like Peggy.
where they could go at each other until their chests were heaving and their throats raw. If Lang wanted to get a couple of punches in then that was fine. It’s not like Tony wouldn’t have practice with that. He cracked his jaw.
“I got a degree in biochemistry, one in genetics, and a PhD covered,” Peter says with a grin. “But mostly because I’ve been around him longer.”
“But it’s not fair to hurt other people because of your own shit, you know? And that interview we saw… Tony’s been hurting for just as long, Steve, and he doesn’t even know why. That’s gotta suck, right? So if you’re going to do this, if you’re gonna… try again, you need to be sure. You can’t run away because you’re scared, Stevie, look at where that’s got you both. You’re miserable, and I—I want to trust you, I do, but I can’t let you hurt him again if you’re going to bolt every time things get tough.”
“She would have hated it,” he says it so quietly it almost gets drowned out by the rustling leaves. Steve turns to look at him, to show that he, for once, is listening. It’s about damn time he starts. “It’s so… ostentatious. She would have despised all of this,” he waves vaguely at the tomb. “I let her down, even after she died, I still kept letting her down.”
“No,” Vision says with a sigh. “I—the transponder Mr. Stark gave me must still be at the hotel. I turned it off,” he throws a quick glance at Wanda but she’s doing a damn good job of pretending to dress Vision’s wound. The coil of resentment gets a little loose, and Steve resolutely tightens it back up. “And I promised him I would not try to communicate by any other—unconventional means. I have yet to try it, but I don’t believe I would be able to even if I did. I’m sure it wouldn’t be outside the realm of possibility that he might have—ah,” he looks up with something like regret. “Taken measures against the possibility.”
“You were alone,” Harley says miserably and Steve blinks at the ceiling to stave off tears. “You were alone, and I couldn’t help you. I thought—“
Tony hasn’t had many choices his whole life. All his early years, Howard had decided. Mama had decided when he got to socialize, and what party to attend, and which people to befriend. Losing them both, and then Obie had taken over. Had given Tony the illusion that he was finally making his own choices, whether they were making some brand new weapon or stumbling out of the Ritz in his underwear and a party hat, but that was all it was. A mirage of choices. Then, the reactor that had saved his life and he hadn’t chosen to keep. If he’s been honest with himself, the only thing that he was ever truly chosen, consciously and wholeheartedly, has been Iron Man.
Steve manages to tell himself that it’s all for their own good. They’re young, Tony especially, and with the plans already laid out for them both he doesn’t see a way for them to last the year much less the rest of their lives. He talks himself out of his conviction numerous times, refuses to acknowledge Bucky and Sam when they ask what’s plaguing him, and the one time Tony had asked, hands fidgeting, he had blown up on the other young man which had eventually proven what he had been telling himself for months. This was for the best; for the both of them.
“Like you were
“That’s one more hours of community service for you, mister,” Tony points at Harley with his fork before digging in. The other two giggle while Harley pouts and take a sulky bite of his cobbler.
that he brought into his life doesn’t exist.
Maybe it's time to put the compass away.
“Mmm,” Tony says, a little evasively, as he pours cereal in three bowls and turns to look at the coffee brewer. Steve shakes his head, deciding not to make an argument out of it but making a mental note to get him to at least take a break later on, and goes to sit down next to Rhodes.
(See the end of the chapter for
been a bully, Tony Stark, you understand?” the other man’s eyes are wide with panic and hurt still, but Steve continues. “Somewhere along the way we lost sight of the family we had become, I understand that, and I need you to see it, too. I didn’t agree with the Accords, a part of me never will despite the amendments, shh, listen—“Tony had reared back though he hadn’t broken the soldier’s hold on his head. “Listen, I will never think that anyone else’s hands are safer than our own, but—Tony, what happened in Sokovia and—and Lagos—just, everything—“Steve swallows the lump in his throat.
that for the last decade, but now it’s even more pressing. If Thanos gets his hands on the time stone, there’s one less obstacle for him to get through. He’s one step closer to eradicating half the universe, and that is a gamble that Tony simply will not take. So he grits his teeth and gives himself a second, just one second, to let his boy know his truth. He’s not naïve enough to think he’s coming back from this particular excursion. “Tá mé i ngrá leat
"Night, Rhodey."
"You're all nuts," he said suddenly. "All of you."
It wasn't often that Steve let himself fall into envy. He much preferred to try to live his life day by day in the present as often as he could. But when it did happen, when he felt his very own green monster stir within him, he was always watching someone with their closest friend. Watching them interact and laugh, or as they comforted one another. He watched Nat and Clint with their almost twin-like intuitiveness, how they could read each other, oftentimes before the other knew what they were thinking in the first place. How they could lay together -- all tangled limbs and blankets -- and take silent comfort that the other was near.
"Orange County." Tony turned to Howard, who was looking lost at the conversation. "Whatever you're thinking, I have everything. Movie wise, I mean."
, his eyes said in an unspoken huff.
Howard spent approximately one half hour sitting on the bed in the guest room contemplating exactly what had just happened in the hallway. Steve had basically threatened him - and sure, he deserved it - but if he was going to win Tony over and fix this, he needed Steve as an ally. Hell, he'd come to the future to see the soldier to begin with, regardless of the sharp left-hand turn this little trip had taken. Shifting on the bed, he used the momentum to tuck a knee under his body, leaning slightly to the left against one of the absurdly fluffy pillows. His priorities had certainly switched in life before, but never this…quickly?
He hadn't felt so
Steve watched as they helped him into the back, letting him sit on the gurney instead of lie down.
Bruce's soft voice interrupted them, "Director, can I get you anything to drink?"
"How much did he see? Be honest!"
kotenok
It was the strangled "
"Yes," Steve spoke, his voice like silk. "You belong to me."
"Okay, so, what are we doing?" How Natasha could sound impatient while eyeing Tony's ass was beyond any of them.
His entire life, Howard had always been sure of every move he made. His confidence never came with a price. He was Midas, and everything he touched turned to gold.
"We haven't shared a bed since college."
"Oh, come on, I'm harmless! Come and have a drink with me!" He threw his arms around Bruce's shoulder and tugged him toward the bar, but Bruce violently shrugged him off.
"Excuse me?"
"And that's
Grinding down against him, Steve pulled Tony's bottom lip into his mouth, sucking gently. They made no move to strip, though their hands wandered, up each other's shirts and down the curves of their bodies, so lost in each other that they forgot about the movie and everything else.
"How can you forgive me so easily?"
"And you're kind. You love donating your money, and you genuinely care about the servicemen and women in this country. You believe you only have three friends and think only Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy like you in any capacity. But, Tony," he taps him under his chin, "would they have stayed loyal to you if you were not also a good person?"
With an unmasked smile, Tony leaned up on his toes and kissed Steve's nose, causing the soldier to crinkle his face, "Love you too, now, can we talk about Howard?"
Lunging up to take Steve's lips, Tony forced his body further down onto Steve's cock, moaning into his mouth. "No, so I guess that means I'm in your debt, Doctor. How will I ever repay you?"
There's not much. He remembers falling,
And honestly, Steve could do with a little physical affection himself before facing a drunk Howard.
Got a speckle of the serious in here, sorry. I mean it IS crack taken seriously, right? And we want Steve and Tony to have like a solid foundation for their relationship, right? Look, I'm sorry, I can't seem to write straight humor. It's not my fault. It's Tony's. Just blame him, the precious little fuckhead.
"I am not a mortal warrior -- I do not understand this comparison."
They laughed, James toasting Tony with his teacup, "That they did, Tonio, that they did!" He was referring to the last batch of naysayers, just the week before, who had tried to usurp the half-Sicilian. Tony had taken care of it. Had them gutted from navel to nose and hung from the lines outside the precinct. A warning, he had said, to the rest.
Natasha looked livid. "How did they even find out?"
lame."
"I'm just thankful it's not cancer," Bruce spoke softly, standing to get glasses from the cupboard.
a spy after all; he knew his job. He knew when to drop the comedic act. "So, we need to get moving on the memory serum and double down on research to send him back. After we do that, the news and Twitter can say what they want; he won't be here to prove anything." Gesturing to Hill, he raised his eyebrows, pleading, "You can help with that, right? Help us go through all these boring books and find out how to send him home."
Tony looked stricken. With eyes wide and pleading, the soulful brown shining with anxiety. At this point in time, they were near the same age, but like this, Tony looked so much younger than he actually was. Howard found himself wondering what Tony was like in his twenties. If what he read on the internet was real - and he was sure it was - he was never going to find out. Not in this life, and certainly not in the one he was going back to. He'd be dead by then.
"Not everything," Natasha said. "Clint's soup didn't have it. That's why he didn't get sick."
"Twenty dogs, twelve New York style, four with brown mustard only, two with brown mustard and red onions, and two with ketchup." She ordered in a perfect local vernacular that had Clint shaking his head.
Pressing his forehead against Tony's, Steve shut his eyes. When he finally spoke, his voice was thick. "Tony, I'm sorry. I can't just let him hurt you again. Whatever the chance may be." He opened his eyes and licked his lips, bringing his hands up to cup Tony's face. "Can you accept that?"
Logically, he knows that although he's dead, he's still able to live. But it's just so far from anything he knew or understood that the cognitive dissonance that it causes sends him into another fit of beating against his bed. His emotions are everywhere. Relief that he's got another chance but despair that he wasted the first one. Guilt over the fact that Yinsen died, even though he knows Yinsen wanted it. And fear.
The room froze, no one even releasing a breath. Steve's hand went to his mouth, covering it in his shock, his other arm pulling Tony in closer.
Or maybe not.
"Who is he? To me, I mean."
"God, yes. Toss me around like a fucking rag doll!" Being manhandled by Steve, fuck, this fic was hitting so many of his kinks.
what you guys have been through, but I know my job. And if I can get Ty Stone-" Tony made a disgusted face at the name, "-back on the charts, I think I can get you guys there too."
Steve had no words to even begin to respond to that. Instead, he turned on his heels and left, his feet heavy on the marble floors, slamming the door to his bedroom behind him.
He nodded. "Zoom Zoom Juice."
"I want you there, I mean, I know it's kinda stupid but I still do."
He gave her an eyebrow raise. "It's lust, Nat. I'm not in love with him, I mean I love him as a friend? But not like that. Tony is sexy as fuck, who wouldn't want to fuck him so hard he can't walk straight."
"Jarvis. Dude. Are you for real right now?" Tony's head snapped up to glare at one of the cameras.
His back arched off the bed, and his legs started to shake; Tony was close to undone. The slow build of pressure swirling through his abdomen and curving up his almost purple leaking erection, bright yellow and white sparks shooting through his body with every pass over his prostate. "Steve," he moaned, like the name was all he had the ability to say, ushering in every emotion, every want and desire into that one little syllable. "Steve…"
"What?!"
"Yeah," Steve lied easily, upset with himself for doing it as soon as the words left his mouth, "had a few pieces of toast before I came up here. Some of the smoothie too."
"Didn't you know? Your prostate is directly connected to your optic nerve."
know about.
Howard groaned. "Somehow that's not comforting. Not that there's still some negative bull in me, but that it's mostly sunny, positive crap." He looked at Steve sheepishly. "Sometimes, you need a bad mood to feel better."
For all his bravado, his money, his genius...all his bad jokes and sarcasm...He was just a damaged man, trying to make a difference.
"You forgot your card," the woman was speaking. And Bruce blinked.
Bruce finally returned with Fury's drink, his hands shaking just a little as he handed over the tumbler. "You okay, Banner?" Fury took the glass, looking up at Bruce worriedly. "No code green?"
flustered at seeing five seriously handsome men greeting her, despite knowing what she did. Boy bands were
Tony's eyes were suspiciously moist. He blinked several times and held back a sniffle. "I love you too."
Bruce's nose crinkled in disgust. "There was a line, Barton."
And then he watched him fall from the sky
"Forgive me, sir, but you did program me to always carry your best interests to heart. Pardon the phasing."
Tony laughed, "You should be so lucky."
"Looking spiffy for a guy who should have had my blood all over him."
"Natasha mentioned something," his eyes flickered from Tony up to Steve, unsure. "I'm not exactly on board with it, but I'm not totally opposed either."
Bruce nodded and set to work. "Heard the dulcet tones of Metallica from Tony's workshop."
Tony nodded, turned away, and headed into the kitchen to pluck an ice pack from the freezer. "I know it's a little late for ice, but," he sat right next to Howard, close enough so he could reach out and press the ice against his cheek, "it may still help the swelling. At least numb the pain a bit." With his other hand, he tilted Howard's chin so the ice could lay better. "I'm sorry Steve hit you."
"But not 48?"
Steve scoffs. "No way."
Afterwards, Tony took a nap, and Steve realized that even one of his favorite activities exhausted him to the point that he couldn't keep his eyes open. The man who used to go days without sleeping now spent most of his time doing exactly that.
"Yes," Steve purred, and with both hands cupping around Tony's face, he tilted his head back and kissed him breathless. All tongue and teeth, passion driven by his unlimited adoration and love for Tony. Enough so that Tony could feel those emotions winding through his body and heating his skin. "I love you. I love that you're everything you wish to be, and nothing you don't. Never forget that, Shellhead." One more press of lips, and he was out the door, leaving Tony feeling hot and wanting on the bed.
She waved her hand, dismissing the thought. "Hypotheticals aside, it's not okay for him to do that to you. Tony, I like Steve, but that sounds controlling to me."
"Just your support."
"Tony, what's going on with you?" The professional tone was dropped, leaving behind a voice that was caring. He was still her friend. She loved him fiercely.
"Howard, just...Please?" Maneuvering into a sitting position, the blankets wrapped around his waist, Steve huffed and pointed again. "Go!"
Clint cleared his throat, his eyes shifting. "Right, ah, the food is…in the kitchen. We made salad. As well. Natasha and me. And Howard."
For dinner, Steve made a meatloaf with the chopped meat. He was adding the bread crumbs when Bruce entered the kitchen.
He could practically hear Steve rolling his eyes, "You've spent too much time with Tony."
After Tony confesses to Howard, things come to a head.
He fumbled for his hearing aids, standing and backing away from her. "What the fuck, Nat?!" The world became a loud, annoying rumble as he clicked them on. She had been talking, and he had been ignoring her.
The emotions were too much. To finally have an answer, and not just any answer, but one that didn't include dying of cancer or
Because a part of him knew this, right? He knew from the moment he read that spell for the first time that there was no way back. It shouldn't be such a shock.
, and four orders of
"Right. I'll, uh, just hang out with Steve." Howard gave a hopeful smile toward Steve, and Tony inwardly winced.
"Thanks for the visual."
Settling in between Tony's legs, Steve kissed the side of his mouth. "I love you --
"Why does he keep doing that with his hand?"
He considered it his greatest mission to find Steve again. But Tony remembered him looking until the day Howard died, regardless of whatever this was, he didn't have any memory of it. Which was good, but also problematic.
"Mr. Stark seems to have found his way into your workshop and is being accosted by Dum-E."
"Are you? Stop trying to
Just like Yinsen, he makes it count.
Steve wasn't sure if he believed him, wasn't sure how far down that monster was yet inside Howard. If it wasn't yet close to the surface, boiling, and waiting. "I hope so, Howard. I really do. But not for you,
"The perks—" Michael says as he sits down on the other side of the couch Tony is on, "—of being an archangel. Instantly clean, if I so choose."
"That's right. My beautiful slut. You love this, don't you?" He smacked him again, jerking his fingers just right to send Tony moaning and clawing at the carpet.
He gave her a dubious stare in return and she shrugged, taking a dainty bite and placing the bread back onto her plate.
"No, not particularly."
And Tony knew he did. No man with such an innocence about him agreed to murder without having a good reason. "Tell me why."
Clint's grin was equal parts cheeky and evil. "Yup!" But he still poured a cup of coffee for himself and Howard, handing him the mug. "Half and half in the fridge, if you want it, Asshole."
"I got it-Ack!" Tony could be so graceful. It was natural, and Steve envied it. The way he flew in the suit, how he walked without it, he was like a sleek cat. And sometimes, like any cat owner could tell you, he was a mess. His legs flopped over, and he rolled off the couch, landing flat on his side at Steve's feet in an undignified heap. He looked up sheepishly. "10/10 would fall again."
The problem with a teenage inspired make out session on the couch wasn't the act itself, and it wasn't even anything to shake a stick at under normal circumstances. But Tony had told Howard to come to the suite when he was ready for bed. And Steve hadn't realized that more than an hour had passed and he was still necking with his boyfriend until they heard the three sharp raps at the door. Steve fell to the floor with an embarrassing thud.
"Excellent. Come. We have much to discuss."
Fear of what's to come, fear of the event that Michael and Joseph have no information on but know is on its way. Fear that he'll be a shitty angel. Fear of messing things up
had always wanted. Attentive, doting,
Steve was thoughtful for a moment, seeing the opportunity for what it was: An olive branch. "You wanna do something together?"
"Tony," Steve tried again, stepping closer, his hand lifting to touch Tony's shoulder but stopped halfway. Tony's entire body had tensed up. He wasn't ready to be touched, not until he was able to climb out of the hole he had descended into, the hole that Steve had dug for him.
"He'll be happy to see you."
"What-?" Howard began, but his voice caught. Nat had never heard him sound like that. With a despairing moan, his head snapped over to Tony. "I didn't- Oh fuck."
Bruce lifted the bags, "Yup. Tony awake?"
"You complaining?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What are you doing here?" Tony snapped, more firmly, his voice had a desperate edge to it.
Pulling a loaf of bread out of the bread box, she answered curtly, "You ask a lot of questions."
Steve comes to Tony to tell him a story.
"Okay, enough!" Howard snapped, jumping up again. "I get it! Apparently, I turn into some jerk and you all hate me for whatever travesty of a crime I committed.
"Thor isn't the only god around here." Clint joked, walking—no, sliding—back to the work station. "Tony Stark! God of technology!"
"Tones," Clint sighed, "what he did to you-"
"So you've come here not yet knowing of his existence?" It was difficult to piece together what had happened. He would have preferred to sit down with Romanoff and Barton first to gather information, but it was far more imperative to separate everyone. Particularly Romanoff; her temper was in full form, and it was best for everyone involved if she cooled down.
With nothing else to do aside from waiting, he made his way into the bathroom to shower, all the while contemplating just how bad it would be if Howard found out about his and Steve's relationship. He could be furious and that, Tony supposed, was the most likely. Things were different back then, abjectly so if the beginnings of his and Steve's affair was anything to go by. Steve had been terrified of being found out, had tried to hide his attraction behind cool words and avoidance of Tony all together. It wasn't until Tony had dragged him to NYC Pride that it began to sink into Steve's handsome head that the world really was more welcoming of same sex relationships. There was a long way to go, of course, and they finally compromised by coming out to their friends but not to the media and the public.
Tony looked confused. "No?"
"I find this unfathomable!"
"Am I wrong?"
. But it was also complacency. They had their peak, twenty years previous: throngs of fans, record breaking albums and tours, number one after number one after number one… they were just happy to still be able to make music. Maybe there weren't
"I'd like to think I'm more of a Richard. Intelligent, rich, well liked."
Avery shook his head. "No, that about covers it. Call if you have any questions at all."
"Wanna come?"
Around his cock, Tony moaned, eyes rolling back at the very idea. Slowly, Steve pulled out of Tony's mouth almost the whole way, letting the head rest on the tip of Tony's tongue. Behind his large glasses, Tony's eyes were wide. Drool dripped from his mouth, and his lips closed over the head, trying to suck him back in with a needy whimper. Steve couldn't say no -- how could he? Cupping Tony's cheek, he pushed back into his mouth, watching with unveiled arousal as Tony's lips stretched out again.
"Ha!" She said with a sarcastic glint. "Not going to happen."
"That is the nature of being alive, my friend. Do you wish me to speak with Steve?"
"This part is going to hurt," Michael laments, his face pinched at the very idea of causing Tony more pain.
"Yeah?" Tony gasped as Steve sucked a line down his neck, his hand fumbled for a moment, reaching up to touch Steve's face and instead knocking his glasses askew. They fell to the tip of his nose and he hastily pushed them back up, not wanting to miss what Steve was doing, "Prove it."
Steve winced. He
But when they were alerted to an attack in Savannah, Georgia, the team left him behind, JARVIS agreeing and locking down the suits. He screamed. He yelled. He threw a total fit that exhausted him to the point that once they left, he fell asleep on the couch, his fists still clenched in anger.
"So, what do we do?" Nat asked, tucking her leg underneath her body and leaning toward Hill. "Damage control?"
That got Tony's attention. "Oh, fuck yeah. Do that."
Steve came first this time, once again filling Tony. He groaned into the smaller man's neck, breathing in the scent of eucalyptus and sex, his hand picking up the pace on Tony's cock.
Steve wasn't exactly sure that was a good idea, but Tony picked up the tablet and beckoned Howard over to him. "Crash course on this."
Howard shrugged with one shoulder, his face screwing into a frown. He was disappointed, upset, and it was gathering under his facade. "They were supportive, I think. At least Natasha was. Clint was friendly, but I could tell he was on the fence. Until last night that is."
"Too soon." He panted, putting his hands on his knees, "I want to come inside you."
"It's in your file."
Clint nearly pissed himself laughing.
He huffed and threw his hands in the air.
"You, me, and building a snowman in Bryant Park."
With his other hand, he pushed Tony's knees up again. "Do you have a condom?"
"Tony, are you in pain?"
With a bolt of clarity, he figured out exactly what Natasha wanted to talk to him about.
"Aww, well, honey, you are the ice queen."
"...With the way you were raised…hope you know…worth more than that…"
Pausing from handing Tony one of his hoodies, Steve frowned, "What do you mean."
Tony barked a laugh, "Celine Dion, and if you tell anyone I know that song, I'll piss in your Wheaties."
what the younger demographic want. As Tones said before, they want hip-hop beats and songs about getting
"Yeah. Okay. Can I put my sweater back on? It's cold in here."
"Oh good, give Tony more ammunition against me." He rubbed the side of his face, still chuckling as they exited the workshop. "If you team up with Nat and Clint, we're all gonna be in trouble," he mumbled to himself more than anything else.
"You assume I have questions, Mister Stark."
Look. I don't even know anymore. I'm having so much fun with this.
All he wanted to do was go to bed and never wake up.
Face a little squished, Bruce hugged back as much as he could. "You too." Feet back on the floor, he turned to the table and gestured to the other seats. "Good thing you hugged me now, after you eat that garbage, you're not coming anywhere near me."
. We get to keep doing what we love
"Uh, yeah, sure, Stevie. Just a sec." Tony made no move to exit the room. "Come to my suite when you're done. I'll get you something clean to wear to bed."
He gave a short laugh, "Fair enough. That you over there?" He gestured with his chin toward the photograph he had studied earlier.
"Without that armor, without his quick and sacrificial thinking, that bomb would have gone off, and everyone would be dead. Including Steve. And then you never would have come to the future at all." She handed him a knife and another cutting board. "Cut those cucumbers. I'll wash the lettuce."
"I'll be sure not to mention that to Steve."
"Daddy fell in love," Tony said simply. "And he thought the man he fell for couldn't possibly love him back, but there's a chance."
Natasha tried, she really did, not to let her disappointment show on her face. "Look, guys, you're better than 90% of the music currently in the 40. You have more talent in your-
"He doesn't even know who I am."
Tony smirked, and let his face fall into one of ecstasy, dropping his head back and rolling his hips, back arching off the bed. He let out an exaggerated moan, pulling some of Steve's spend up to drag along his length. "Are you absolutely positive you want to leave me when I'm
"Thor, when are you going to call me Tony?" he responded, hovering by the coffee machine but thinking better of it. He had just brushed his teeth; it wouldn't do if he actually got to kiss Steve to have coffee breath.
- "to be the one who can keep your emotions away enough to be objective. One wrong step, and
"What about this whole thing with SummerJam, and wanting to get back onto the charts?" Moving a few pages of sheet music to the side, Steve sat on the couch next to Bruce.
"You guys didn't have to do all this."
"What do you mean?" Steve was looking up at him, a tentative hope dancing across his handsome features.
Natasha had to hold back a laugh, from the vents, she heard a snort, and shot the wall a dirty look as Steve frowned at his laptop. "I don't know," she turned back, "probably public records."
"I was going to check out the MOMA today-" he paused, seeing Tony's face fall at the suggestion, "-But we could do something else?" And why did he sound so damn eager?
"After dinner. I'm hungry," she said, standing and stretching languidly. Sneaking a peak at Howard, she was pleased to see him tense and studying her. She didn't want him to peg any of her moods or movements. Best to keep him on his toes.
"Fuck, yes, it's sensitive, oh god, do it again!"
Clint waved his hand, dismissing the insult. "Seriously, though. This could all be over if Steve grew a pair."
Bruce paused, his hand in mid-air to hit the button outside the elevator. "I'm not, I guess, I don't know. I'm not used to being a hero yet."
"Up, come on, babe." Steve gently coaxed him. "Did we ever actually cook before this?" He asked Clint as Tony gingerly sat up.
"Tony, wait!"
"Colonel Rhodes!" Clint called, reaching out to grab his arm, "Wait!"
"He's feeling better!" Steve celebrated, adding the eggs to the mixture in the bowl -- which it also still had the price tag on it.
Throwing the ball, Howard answered, "What question is that?" He chuckled as Dum-E scurried after it.
Putting his phone down, he turned back to his laptop and was about to start when a noise startled him. He whipped his head around but saw nothing and narrowed his eyes on suspicion.
for Tony? Was he unplanned? Unwanted? But no. Even now, with the information he had, something was swimming up inside Howard. A fresh feeling of, dare he call it,
She rolled her eyes. "It's from Tony," she spoke, not looking at him and swiping her phone open. "He's an idiot."
"He likes you."
"My own?" Dum-E wheeled back, his claw rising and falling in excitement, the tennis ball in his grip. It took Howard a second to react to the robot, moving to step out of the way of the excited claw, surprise clearly evident in his movements.
He - all at once - realized exactly why Tony picked at his thumbs, how he felt during his panic attacks, and why Steve seemed to be one of the only people capable of calming him down. Because at the moment, all he wanted was Tony.
"We will. Thank you."
"Gets migraines a lot, really pale now. Totally exhausted. Sometimes it just, uh, goes right through him," Clint added, trying to not sound gross for once in his life.
"Ow!"
"You are most welcome, Agent Romanoff. Your manners, as usual, are impeccable. I wish I could say the same for Agents Barton and Hill."
"Wanna chop those green beans up?"
"Tough. You think I'm letting you go anytime soon? You’ve got another thing coming." Pointedly, he tucks the blanket snuggly around Tony and himself. "Better get used to me all up in your business."
"-But you are brilliant. And you had this sense of adventure and the want to do the right thing but also have fun, and it was infectious. You were my friend. And you
He made a face. "Even as a photo, I hate it." The people around them were studying the photos, talking excitedly in hushed whispers, thrilled to see, up close, the vehicles that had caused so much destruction, even in picture form. "Think we saw enough of the real thing." Tony said, walking around the wall and into the open room. Each section held photographs: different sizes, different lights, different perspectives of the disaster and the entire Avengers team. There was Natasha, midair as she jumped onto the back of one of the Chitauri. Clint moments after the release of an arrow, determination on his face, Bruce mid transformation, Thor with his hammer held high in the air, the look on his face pure warrior. And Steve. Captain America himself, jumping from the top of an over turned taxi, shield held high.
"It's supposed to be a good thing!" Tony bursts out, his throat tight. "A huge honor! That's what Bridgette said!"
"Yes! We're getting protective AND possessive Steve in this story!"
"Some adults we are."
He could see the idea take hold of Tony, the way his mouth dropped just a little, the way his eyes darkened. "Who am I to deny you your favorite treat?"
"Howard!" Natasha yelled out, hopping to the back of the couch and peering over, "Are you all right?"
"Natasha then." He sat forward, crossing his arms and laying them on the table, "I'm sure you have good intentions, but we've been doing this since 1994. We pioneered the resurrected boy band phase, and
Steve held his hand out, pulling Tony to his feet. "How about I help with the rest?"
In the produce section, Natasha surveyed the displays before acting. Planning her route around. She nodded, tapped her cart, and set off. Apples, oranges, pears, mangoes, strawberries, and bananas. Fruit: Check. Celery, broccoli, onions, mushrooms, bell peppers, squash, green beans, and cucumbers. Vegetables: Check. Dill, parsley, rosemary, thyme. Herbs: Check. Root vegetables: Potatoes, parsnips, carrots. Check.
Tony stayed quiet for just a moment, weighing what he wanted to say. It didn't seem right to test Steve, but he needed to know. Tony always did have trouble with impulse control. "And you have no problem letting someone else decide?"
Steve gave a snort at that, "You got that right."
"Never, and I won't ever. I'm no saint,
"Correct."
All three of those hated things are what he's dealing with at the moment, and he shifts uncomfortably on the hospital bed.
"What's that you said?" She brandished the knife at him, looking dangerous.
And on the bottom—
He felt her hand grip his hair. "I'll cut it! I swear!"
Tony's voice was impossibly small when he spoke; he was still wrapped up in Steve's arms, his face half hidden.
He knew, after this, that he was ruined for anyone else. No one could come close. No one could ever make him feel like he was at that moment.
There was nothing Steve loved more than pleasuring Tony.
The small box in Steve's pocket was testament to that.
"Can't get a note in edgewise with you screeching!"
"I admire that about you, but it also drives me insane. We're a management firm, Natasha," Fury spoke, pulling his feet from the desk and leaning forward, "and not a temporary one."
Steve let go of all control; his hands gripped tightly at Tony's waist, pushing and pulling him back to meet his thrusts, angling and pumping hard as his balls tightened with his impending orgasm. "Come on, doll, come for me." He leaned forward, his hands sliding up Tony's abdomen to his chest, tweaking his nipples. "Let me see you."
"Stop stealing Tony's jokes! This is why you're not funny!"
Tony huffed, annoyed at the excitement he felt stirring in his pants. "I need the blood to flow to my brain, Banner. Not my dick."
nights.
"Fellas," Steve began, always the one to rally the troops, "maybe this is a good thing." He spread his arms out, inviting them to see the positive. "We're at a new label with a manager who might actually know what she's doing!" Of course, Tony had to ruin it.
"You're cruel."
"Oh, shut up." Ah. So not in the mood for jokes then.
"Then you know about wizard space—same concept, but only good for wings. And it's not roomy. Which," he says, holding up his index fingers, "leads me to my next point. If you keep them away for too long, it'll hurt like the dickens to get them back out. So don't do that. It's like keeping your arm folded against you for several days; trying to straighten it out is painful."
"And you did. You also found Tony."
Closing his eyes, Steve lets his hands drop. When he envisions being that age - and really being that age, not just frozen for another seventy years - the only person Steve can see next him is Tony. He sees them by that fireplace, walking through Central Park, and growing old - and in Tony's case, feistier - together.
A sound escaped Tony's throat. It was awful to hear, landing somewhere between a sob and a yell, and he was gone, just as he had the day before. Racing down the hallway until Howard heard the slam of a door echoing through the hallway.
Steve took a deep breath and blew it out through pursed lips. "Not entirely. Tony-" He stepped back, pressing his hands to the back of his head. "-Howard is from a different time. Like me. And how long did it take you to convince me
He woke again several hours later to the sound of the radio and Steve humming along. He was folding laundry, seated in the armchair.
Prompt in Bedtime Stories
me anyone," she argued. "I'm a heavy lifter, a sprinter. Not a marathon runner."
"Yeah, it sounds like celiac disease. The symptoms, I mean. Could be anything really. You said he goes to the doctor tomorrow?" They nodded. "Tell him to have the doctor do a celiac Panel. He's probably anemic from it as well."
doesn't mean that if you see me doing something stuipd you shouldn't say anything." He sat up just enough to look directly in Steve's eyes, showing every bit of himself. It made Steve's heart skip, seeing how hard Tony was trying to present his vulnerability to Steve. "You have a voice. And I want you to use it. It's just sometimes I'm going to ask you to take a step back. In battles, I fully expect you to argue with me. It keeps us both alive. But when it comes to stuff like this, I need to make my own mistakes as well." Tony let his hands slide up Steve's body and drape around his neck, pressing his forehead against his. "You can't always protect me. But that doesn't mean I want you to stop trying. Pick and choose your battles. I need to get hurt to learn. You too."
They sheepishly tried to help as the bus boy cleaned up the broken pieces of the cup, muttering apologies and trying to dab the spilled water with their cloth napkins. He brushed them away, "All good, sir and madam, it goes this way a lot."
"You know what, I agree with you on this one; look at how shifty he is in the interrogation room."
"You grow attached," Coulson shrugs, giving Tony a weak smile. "When someone's time is up, it's up. At that point, we can't intervene. We're told, so we don't blame ourselves. It's a feeling like intuition, but it's not coming from yourself. You just know that it's their time, that they are going to die. Like how you know your own name, or when you see a simple math problem like two plus two, and you
Downstairs, in the common kitchen, only Thor was around, sitting at the counter, eating yogurt and flipping through a magazine. He looked up when Tony entered.
Howard snorted, "I'll never be that desperate."
"What's that?" Howard asked, his curiosity overriding his offence apparently. Damn, Tony was too much like him.
Laughing harder, Natasha keyed in her code to enter the lab and stepped through the doors.
"God yes!"
"Babe?" Steve was out of his chair in an instant and by his side. Tony doubled over, grabbing his stomach.
"Tony? He would rather lose his hands than leave Steve!"
"Will do, sugar pie."
protective of Tony."
"I don't know
"You are correct to be afraid," Thor said, a small and self-satisfied smile playing at his lips, "but if I were to use Mjolnir to its full capacity, I would most likely - as Tony likes to say - fry his beautiful building's central circuits. You are safe. For now." He left the threat hanging. It was good to keep Howard afraid, even if just a small amount.
He's unable to hide his excitement. "It's like I'm back in college!"
From the doorway to the hallway, Steve spoke again, the hint of a devilish smile on his lips. "Don't go poking through any drawers in the living room or bedroom. You may not like what you find."
A group chat is never a good idea.
"Tony!" Steve screamed again, this time in warning. He was almost there, if he could just push his legs faster, he could make it. He had to save Tony, had to!
So he did. He crooked his finger and pressed it against that same spot, eyes widening in lust as Tony's head thrashed from side to side, his hips beginning to undulate. "Oh, fuck, that feels so fucking good. Oh, Jesus, Mary, and Joseph! Just fuck me already!"
