He repeated it to himself several times, wanting to remember that much at least because to him, those were the important bits. The most important bits, actually.
"Barton--" Tony spoke up before Steve could and now the attention was drawn to him again. "Look at this. Look at what we found. AIM employees being hired by Sitwell without any process. There are tons of files that are logged as Fury's but his clearance level can't even access the information--"
. Fell into place. He didn't protest when he felt an arm hook around his waist, pulling him in closer. His fingers were still brushing through Steve's hair, thumbs rubbing at his temples gently.
"Steve--" Hill wore a frown on her face, waving him over to one of the monitors. "This just popped up. I think it's intended for you."
Barton grinned and clapped his hands together. "Fantastic. Dinner?"
"I'm going to head back to the hotel. JARVIS is going to let the both of us know if Hydra's little asset ends up activated."
"I'm alive Stark."
Steve let out a deep breath as the elevator went down. He steeled himself for what was coming, picturing it in his mind. He'd faced worse than this. He'd fought robots, he'd fought aliens. He fought Thanos for hells sake. He wasn't going to be stopped now by Hydra of all things. Watching the numbers tick down, he tightened the strap of his shield before bringing it up when the doors opened. Sam was right about them opening fire but the shields star did its job, their aim automatically going for his shield as he charged forward.
Since it was the middle of the work day and Hydra's entire spiel was working covertly from the shadows, things at SHIELD were business as usual. Fury drove in with Natasha and Clint and their job would be underway as soon as they got there. Steve went with Hill and Sam through the same back way that they went in the first timeline so Steve was already acquainted with it.
"What? You can't give me a tour?"
"Alright."
"I think it's time we saw ourselves out." He ushered Tony around Rumlow, knowing that Natasha or Clint would get them what they needed. He gave the other another quick nod of his head. "Rumlow."
A warm hand patted his own and Tony smiled warmly. "I'm good. A little sore but still kicking."
He didn't--
Before he could recover from the feeling, Bucky rolled them again, pinning him to the ground as the metal hand grabbed his neck. He choked, grasping at the hand desperately as he fought for air. He wheezed, gasped and continued to beat a fist against the hand gripping him until he was too weak to.
"Shit. Shit shit shit."
"My name... is Anthony Edward Stark. My friends call me Tony? My...my mothers name is Maria. My fathers name is..is.."
Tony stared at him, wide eyed, letting the information process. It was different this time around. He remembered, vividly, even now, the look on Tony's face. The focus Tony had on that little monitor. The way he flinched when watching Howard's assassination, the way his eyes narrowed when Maria's life was taken from her. It had been violent and it wasn't fair that Tony had to find out that way. If he could help it, this time? Tony would never see that tape.
"I'll start from our end. We were successful, Steve. Hydra's been outed. Everything we had on them is out in the world. They're not so secret anymore even with Pierce trying everything to stop us. We didn't lose too many SHIELD agents in the fall out. They put up a good fight and we managed get a lot of them in custody. SHIELD itself is going to be a little all over the place for a while but for now, we were successful."
"Get in!"
"I-I haven't tried--"
"He was saving me, when he didn't need to; when he shouldn't have, not after I tried to kill him."
"No idea. Gave him a little pep talk and told him to get out of here."
Concerned, Tony disabled his glove and set his phone down before he reached out to touch his shoulder gently, giving it a little shake. Steve's eyes snapped open at the contact and Tony flailed back into the coffee table when the soldier surged up, blue eyes wide and wild as he looked around the room.
Was he taken from the palace?
"Alright. Where is he?"
"Yeah. Just. Let me tell him."
The shouts were getting a little closer now and he started running faster now. His legs were tired and he was out of breath but he didn't want to go back there!
The Hydra infiltrated SHIELD was funding organizations like AIM and The Ten Rings so it made sense to him now that SHIELD just wasn't given the right details. Knowing what he did now, he had to move forward to weed them out. This time, he was hoping to save what he could of SHIELD and get to Bucky as soon as he could. He had time. He knew when the tipping point would be. This time he could get help. Help he knew he wasn't owed but would go looking for.
Sure enough, they were called up to the mans office within the first thirty minutes.
"They're going to be expecting us to take the elevator. They'll open fire as soon as the doors open."
No. No no. That wasn't right. He wasn't in the sky in a blown to hell helicarrier. He was
Then there was a thump in the other room and Tony froze. That must have been why. Was someone here? Was Steve and his paranoia right? If someone was willing to break into Captain America's apartment he would accept the fact he was paying for a hotel room he wasn't even using and not complain about it in the morning.
"Is that--"
Where did he start? Did he choose to stay here? In 2012? The team was just formed. The battle of New York bringing them together only for them to barely speak to each other for another two years. Perhaps he jumped later, to Ultron or the Accords but it might be too late to stop either if he chose wrong. He had to prioritize. Now was just a little too early but he did have an idea in mind.
"A top secret elevator in an already top secret office? SHIELDS secrets have secrets."
"Looks like it. It's old though." Nat hummed. "Where they first started?"
"Experimented on maybe?"
"I think it's Hydra."
"What's going on?"
Sucking in a breath, he reached for the door knob.
"Not dead Captain. Merely advanced. I received a terminal diagnosis in 1972 and while my body could not be saved, my mind could. I survive in two hundred thousand feet of data banks."
"JARVIS! Close the elevator!
Sitting up, he rubbed at his face and went over the events in his mind.
Clint patted the empty spot next to him, passing him a bag of food when he sank his entire weight into the couch. He took the bag without question and started eating.
"Cap-- Shit-- Stay awake."
And he took the mouth thing off. His jaw hurt from being stuck that way for so long and he rubbed at his face. He was letting Loki call him Tony even though he said his friends called him that and he shared his food. Loki liked this man even if he did lie about being friends with Thor. Thor was only a little older than Loki was. He wasn't friends with this man. But Loki liked having a friend. He didn't have many friends back home. He had Thor but Thor had always been the more like able one. He ran his mouth, talked back to others. That didn't make friends.
And then the man arrived.
Then he pulled back and the bastard was wearing the most breathtakingly sweetest smile that Tony had ever seen and the genius was rendered speechless.
Steve stopped pacing and sank into one of the couches though and dragged his hands over his face.
"What year is it?" Steve's question was mumbled into his shirt, his face now pressed into his side but Tony could hear how shaky his voice was. "Nat? Nat's okay right?"
"Gone. Taken. He's in Hydra's hands."
The jet was similar to their flying transports on Asgard. The archer man carried him to the jet he mentioned and sat Loki down on a table. His hands stayed tight around Tony's watch and he refused to let it go, even as the archer draped a blanket over his shoulders and another man came over to look at him.
"Until you can get everything with SHIELD under control and you're certain you're Hydra free, I'm not leaving Bucky in your custody. There's too much risk that someone can get him and he's safer in our hands."
"You drive a hard bargain. Romanoff and Barton?"
"Shuddup." He grumbled, reaching down to take Steve's hands. "C'mon."
"I'm not. This is going to work. I know it will."
Dinner was in a little diner in a small part of town that he didn't recognize. It was small, family owned and if Steve could could narrow it down to one word, it would have been cozy. They got a booth in the corner, Nat and him on one side with Tony and Clint across from them. Tony ordered a coffee, the spies ordered soda's and he felt like trying one of their milkshakes. They all just decided to try the burgers, something the diner was apparently famed for.
"That isn't Tony's style. He helps those that need it and looks past the things they've done. Once we find him, you can talk to him yourself about it. You're coming with us when we go back to New York tomorrow"
on going through the process of getting a visitors badge, charming his way through his talk with the receptionist who might have been just a little awed that Tony Stark and Captain America was talking to her. While that went by with little trouble, Steve just knew that Fury would get notified that Tony Stark was on the premises.
"Tony." He hadn't taken his eyes off Bucky who had stopped walking a few feet in front of them. It wasn't until Tony gave Steve his attention that he looked away, digging into one of his belt pouches. He reached out and took Tony's hand, slipping his watch over his wrist.
They stood there for an awkward moment, sharing a smile and Steve thought that it was actually sort of nice.
That earned him a snort from all parties and the rest of the meal was filled with pleasant conversation, light jokes and laughter.
"Sam, unlike the rest of you heathens, understands the importance of having a good relationship with his technology. Dot is his roomba and she's a good little bot. Just tried to clean up something she couldn't handle. I fixed her over as a thank-you."
"I will get it to it. Sam, you got a laptop I can use?"
"That is the freakiest recording I have ever seen."
"Blow it to hell."
He asked him questions calmly, pushing his spectacles up his nose as he looked his feet over and checked him for any injuries.
"Shh."
He was carted from the office early in the morning and dragged down to where the helicarriers were. He had to admit, they were impressive. Beautiful. He would have been proud to have been a part of that if they weren't going to be used to slaughter millions at a time. Then he was left on one of the helicarriers, in the main command room with one guard while Rumlow took off to do something dastardly.
Steve's blood went cold and he slowed to a stop. Behind him, Rumlow came jogging up and both he and Tony shared a look before turning around. Tony, for all his genius quickly held the briefcase behind his back, holding the handle with both hands, looking quite respectful when the Strike team member caught up to them. The thumb drive was no where in sight.
"Loki's right. We can figured this out after we get Tony. JARVIS, pull up the area. Loki couldn't have come from too far."
"Talk to me J."
"No!"
Against his better judgement, he left Tony to get to work and went back to where the others were sitting, now in the living room. On the coffee table, there was a folder sitting open that Natasha and Clint were looking over.
Ahead of them at the end of the hall, he could see Natasha and Clint exit a room. That would be the room they could duck into and Tony could get to work in. Them leaving meant it was secure. Tony patted his breast pocket, pulling out the little thumb drive that Steve almost laughed at. A tiny Iron Man head sat in his palm and Tony grinned at the look Steve gave him.
"And if I say no?"
"You're going to be coming with us Stark. A nice little piece of bait for Captain America."
" On the screen, the scrolling stopped and one window was brought up. It was a map. Steve and Tony leaned in to get a look at it and Steve tried to bite back the relieved sigh.
"Sh-- It's going to be okay. Wilson! Get over here! I need your help!''
"Banner--"
"We couldn't have known they'd find us here. This wasn't your fault, okay? And this is Stark we're talking about. He'll be okay"
"He hasn't been. I've been given
"I gave them the offer. They can either be SHIELD, Avengers or both. You'll have to talk to them about their decisions."
"Well since you're here. Want to see your surprise?"
"The little bits of information you guys are sending us is just fine and dandy but I can get more done if I can get into the system myself. If I can directly link JARVIS to one of the computers, he can get what we need in minutes."
The next morning Loki watched as they dragged the man out of his cell, off to do whatever it was they wanted. Before they closed it, they made Loki move, making him stay in the same cell as the man. He didn't mind. At least he wasn't alone anymore.
Part one end.
Tony didn't know how true that was, pacing back and forth in front of the couch while Steve leaned back and watched him. The moment they were safely out of SHIELD with the thumb drive back in their hands, Tony had been ranting about Rumlow. He didn't stop him. There was no point. Rumlow was unsettling. Something else that Steve hadn't noticed the first time around. He couldn't shake the others parting words either. They were ominous and he was hoping that he was just reading too much into it.
"Mister Stark. " The bald man, Strucker (he had picked that up in passing) was waiting for him in the chair room. He looked annoyed but also gleeful like he had something he was excited to share with Tony. He could hear noise, the sounds of engineers making the armor he designed. "I thought we were making progress but you prove to be as stubborn as they say so I think we need a little more of a push. I received a gift this afternoon."
"We have reason to suspect that SHIELD is compromised. Tony's been helping me comb through everything we can get our hands on."
Steve let out a shaky sigh, tapping his forehead against the phone. Tony sounded manic. The tone was that of someone who was scared but still in control. He managed to leave a message and hide the phone before he was taken. It was like Natasha said. He was Tony Stark. He'd be okay.
"It is possible--"
"Bye children!"
There was a beat of silence before Clint broke the silence first, letting out a loud laugh that Tony frowned at.
"Hey Buck." No answer. "You wouldn't happen to remember me at all yet would you?"
Steve and their team would come.
"Hey-- Hey--" He whispered harshly. "You, in the other cell, are you alive? Tell me you're alive. I really don't want to make friends with a corpse. They make for crummy conversation."
"You know he's in Washington."
"He was a scientist that for Red Skull. For Hydra."
"How long has Tony been giving you information?"
Tony watched them walk off and let his head rest against the cold wall with a shaky sigh. What a mess. His eyes moved to look at the kid across from him who was watching him warily and he mustered a little smile.
Rumlow's attention turned to Tony, like he just noticed the billionaire standing there. There was a shift in his attitude, minuscule change of tension. If he hadn't been looking for it, Steve wouldn't have even noticed. He felt a sudden protective urge, wanting to step in between Rumlow and Tony because he knew what this man was. There was something off, something else, but he couldn't pinpoint what it was. Tony though, didn't seem bothered. The genius was wearing his best for-the-camera smile as he extended a hand.
"Keep running to the elevator!"
"I'm going to keep him distracted. Take this. Get to the elevator and get out of here. Clint and Natasha are upstairs dealing with Pierce."
When Steve woke this time, he felt the familiar dull throb of pain. There was the steady sound of the heart monitor beeping somewhere off to the side that he was barely able to hear over the sound of Sam's music. This was all familiar. The pain. The music. Sam. The only difference was the scientist sitting off to Sam's side with a clipboard and the two spies sitting at his other side.
"Yeah....I guess you could say that."
"Alive. He's in one piece. Seriously Stark, what are you calling for? Did you find something?"
"Yeah, why?"
"I'll explain in the car, we gotta go now."
"I know where to start but what do I do about the
"Before you agree as a way to get your hands on something that can help you, you will be monitored at all times. If it looks like you're making something other than a suit of armor, we will kill the child."
"Think of it as a second chance. Don't waste it--"
Steve stepped out of the way to let Tony look at the screen. It was clocked at five minutes, less now as the seconds ticked down. The brunet frowned, perplexed as he ran back to the console he was looking at originally.
"I had that under control."
"Rogers?"
"Let's see what you can do."
"Sam's just offered his services." Nat mused, passing him the folder. "Looks like he's handing in his resume to be an Avenger."
"What about this place?"
"But what if I can't?"
SHIELD? Was anyone going to tell me this?" Clint asked bewildered, flailing his arms towards the pictures even as Steve and Natasha moved on. "Am I the only one who thinks this is sort of a big deal?"
The first time in the chair was excruciating and terrifying. Strapped down with the guard in his mouth to keep him from biting off his own tongue, Tony had tried his damnedest not to scream. It felt like something was taking a knife to his brain and methodically removing what made him, him. Fingers gripped the chair until his knuckles were white and his eyes stayed closed during the whole procedure until he was finally released. They didn't even make him work on anything that first day. Instead they dragged him back to his cell and dropped him on the floor where his blanket was.
"I made this watch....I made it...defensive. It's to protect me." He frowned, squinting at it. "It should track me. Why isn't tracking me? They must have something jamming it. If I can get it outside--"
"I--" Steve looked at the others a little confused, receiving shrugs as an answer for his trouble. "Yeah. I am. We're all friends of Tony's and we're going to keep you safe, alright? What's your name kid?"
Tony visibly deflated and raised his hands in defeat before getting up and grabbing his briefcase. Steve walked out of the room first, missing Tony reaching out to shake Fury's hand and Fury in turn, slipping a piece of paper into the mechanics before they parted ways.
"But--"
He checked his watch. By now the other three should have been in the elevator so he nodded and leaned into the microphone for the building's PA system.
"No." Tony grunted as he pulled him into the elevator, carefully dropping him to the floor. He let out a little breathless laugh, letting himself stumble back by the doors when he stood back up. Words that had been spoken to him years ago echoed back to him and he felt, in similar context that they would work well here.
"Nonsense. You needed new threads. I wanted to get it to you before you officially started working for SHIELD and Fury said you started soon when I contacted him."
"There is Heimdall but with the bifrost still in repair it is harder to get word back home. I swore not to return without Loki and I--"
Steve paused before following. "Taking a break?" This wasn't right was it? Pepper and Tony were together up until the Accords. He wasn't remembering that wrong was he? He bit back the small fear and swallowed thickly. Was his mere presence here changing things already?
There was just one person missing right now and Tony's absence now just reminded him of a future where Iron Man had saved the universe but wasn't given the chance to see it. He didn't like that future.
Loki's eyes narrowed and he squinted at the adults as they all started to talk among themselves, ignoring him. He didn't like how they were talking about him but not involving him. That wasn't fair. He was sitting right here and he wasn't even the person that needed help anymore! He glared down at the watch in his hands. Tony said Steve would help but he's arguing with other people.
Tony couldn't help the smug little grin that graced his features when he was hauled to his feet and Rumlow came stalking into his room.
"I'm just looking out for friends."
"Wait! Tony--!"
Once that was done, he turned to the console and his fingers worked quickly. He shut down everything he could find, pushed everything back for months. He didn't want to destroy the helicarrier because SHIELD, once Hydra free, could still use it. Two guards came around the corner and he didn't waste any time to scramble out of there. He slid down a ladder, finding himself in the docking bay under SHIELD again with even more guards.
They had a lot of arguments against and Steve patiently waited to hear them out instead of barreling in headstrong and dismissing them. He agreed, outwardly, that it was risky though he knew the opposite. Natasha and Clint were part of their team and they deserved to know. Hell, Natasha was the one who'd helped him expose SHIELD for what they'd become the first time around.
Steve bit back the giddy feeling at the news. Having Falcon back on the team was another step to fixing their future and this meant things were still going the right way. "Sam, I couldn't possibly ask you to so this. You're retired."
"There's...something else."
"Fury."
He was dragged across the floor by his arms and left in the cell across from him. At first he didn't move, so Loki stayed curled up in his cell. Even when he heard the man stirring, he had no interest but the other wasn't having any of it.
"Rogers--? You okay big guy? You look like you've seen a ghost"
Stepping around a holographic blueprint, he moved towards the telltale sound of Tony muttering under his breath as he worked and slowed to a stop. He thought, after being unprepared to see Natasha again, he would be more prepared to see Tony. On his short flight he brushed up on the news again, looked at pictures, steeled himself for this moment.
"I'm...I'm sorry Steve. I know you don't want to hear it but I think...I think Hydra got to him some how but the silver lining is that he's alive. He's alive Steve and if we can get him away from their hold, we can help him."
"...Like what?"
He hadn't even closed the door when Sam pulled away from the curb, peeling out into traffic without hesitation. Tony sat up and turned into his seat to look back. For a moment, he felt relief. The would be assassin was no where to be seen until he was suddenly dropping onto the trunk of the car.
"Dig up a list of AIM employees. Before and after Killian's downfall. Separate the ones that jumped ship and see where they went."
THANK YOU ALL for the great reception to the first chapter! The Kudos and the bookmarks were what motivated me to get this chapter going. I read and re-read through it several times so I hope it's not too confusing. Also a big big thanks to slightly_salty_ace, imeanwhynot, SteveR2018 and MildlyCrazy for the comments! There will be some cute steve and tony moments coming soon, I promise~!
"Then prove me wrong."
"Strikes here. I don't have long. You need to help Steve, alright? He's going to call you later. I'm telling him to call you."
Either way, he was on the next flight out of DC and in New York staring up at the tower he once called home a couple hours later. He breathed out a nervous sigh (and it was weird to feel nervous after what he'd seen already) and shouldered his bag, stepping into the building. He greeted the receptionist, who was so star struck that she happily lead him to the private elevator that lead up to the floors the team would one day call home.
Tony wanted to complain about how he'd been stuck in a large museum all morning with a bunch of 'at risk' children, taking the tour and answering questions about science and technology and being a super hero but he didn't. Because there was no hiding the fact that he actually enjoyed his morning. Children were inquisitive. Most held no fear, firing question after question just because they were curious. Tony found them fascinating and answered every single question without hesitation because these kids deserved to be given the chance to learn. They were bright and maybe a little misdirected but that's why they were there.
"Is it about Hydra and the fact that they, you know--" Clint's voice dropped. "--killed his parents. Probably with the guy that attacked him?"
"Must be nice--" Rumlow cut in and honestly, Steve had forgotten he was even there. The Hydra agent was talking to Steve but was eyeing Tony again and this time the look was even more unsettling. He could feel Tony shift next to him, his fight or flight instinct kicking in. "--having someone make all your high tech toys for you."
"Oh? I can talk and work at the same time."
"Army regulations forbids storing munitions within 500 yards of the barracks. This buildings in the wrong place." The lock was made quick work of, the shield slamming into it like it had before and they pulled the doors open.
Tony fixed him with a small, gentle smile, pausing as he packed his things. There was a moment of hesitation before he sat back down next to Steve.
"Yes. A strong one. Something isn't right."
"We're in."
That being said, he was exhausted. It was after noon now and he wrapped up the morning by offering every kid that was there and enrolled in the program, future scholarships through one of his foundations. Pepper was taking full charge of that one. All he had to do was dot his i's and cross his t's but it didn't stop grateful parents from giving him their thanks and warm wishes. Being tired was worth the look of relief some of the parents present had when they found out they had one less thing to worry about in the future.
"Mhm. I was working with Coulson, guarding the hammer when it arrived before him. Saw him in action before he just gave up. We had him in our custody when someone got him out. I can get the paperwork out of SHIELD tonight and we can get a hold of him by morning."
"I'll order us all pizza."
"I don't know who that is!"
The next room they found themselves in was just as eerie and dark as Steve remembered it to be until the lights came up on their own. Clint's guard was now up, bow in hand, arrow notched just in case and Natasha stepped forward towards the old computers curiously. Even knowing what he did and what was coming, Steve couldn't shake that feeling in the pit of his stomach like something was bad or wrong here. Nothing seemed out of place, nothing was different so why couldn't he shake the feeling?
"Have you eaten since you've been here?"
He was caught off guard by Bucky's other fist connecting with his jaw and he used all his weight to roll them over. He didn't like doing it but he finally started punching back, hard enough to at least daze him.
He frowned, actually listening to it this time.
He heard someone ask in the watch. How many people were in the little device?
"SHIELD is compromised?"
He needed Tony. He needed Nat and Clint. Bruce if he was available and of course Sam. Thor, in the original timeline should have been off world but with Loki's escape, he was probably looking for his wayward brother. He needed what he could of his original team.
When the door dinged open, he impatiently smacked his fingers on the closed buttons and ordered the elevator to bring him back down to the helicarriers. He waited for the elevator to deny him access but was relieved when the soft, caring voice of his A.I. came through the intercom.
"Would you stop me?"
for the man but anger and hate for what he did to his parents but he didn't. He felt sad. He felt pity. Steve shouldn't have been forced into the position he was in right now. He shouldn't be fighting his best friend. What if that had been Rhodey? His chest constricted at the thought. Sure they fought, once on a large scale where he lost a suit but this? Steve would try his damnedest to stop Bucky, not caring about the shape he'd be in at the end of it. He'd die before he killed Bucky or let him be taken by Hydra again. He knew this because he would do the same for his closest friends.
Steve was ready to bring the both of them into this but Tony and Bruce weren't as enthusiastic.
Loki nodded before there was a look of concentration on the boys face, a finger tracing over the face of the watch. As much as Tony had loathed the older Loki, watching him turn into Cap for that moment had been amazing to see. Just the sheer ease of it. It was no difference now as the boy in front of him turned into a mouse. Tony wanted to jump up and down with a laugh but kept composed, fitting the watch over the little body like a mouse sized belt.
"No--"
"Are you going to give up without trying?"
"The floor is yours Captain."
"To make sure that the people I
"No. No of course not. I'm going up."
Sitting on the pillow was Tony's watch. Tony was wearing that watch the last time he saw him which meant that Rumlow put that there on purpose. Picking it up, Steve rubbed his thumb over the screen before sitting on the bed with a defeated sigh.
"You know magic right?"
There was whistling noise, the sound of something bouncing off a tree and hitting someone. Loki lifted his head in time to watch a man in a dark uniform, star bright on his chest; run past him, catching a shield as he did. A shield?
"And what about Tony?"
"I'm on my way now. Why?"
"You're
He was met with a metal elbow in the face. The blow had him see white for a moment and he was pushed off, only to be met with punch after punch after punch to the face. His breath caught in his throat, his mind reeling as he found himself back in 2014
"Say we were compromised. Who do you think did it?"
"How about I talk to you first. There's something I came to the conclusion of." That made Steve hesitate and before he could speak, Tony cut him off. "It's about my attacker today."
Ducking off to the side, he let himself through the door, the other two following close behind. His eyes flicked to the photo's of Peggy and Howard, hung up proudly on the wall once you walk in and he felt his heart squeeze in his chest looking at the faces of old friends.
"Steve?" He whispered again, taking further steps until he could poke his head around the corner. The lights were out but even in the dark he could tell there was no fighting happening. The room was empty save for Steve's bulky form on the couch. Still, when he stepped out into the living room he kept his hand raised, ready to fire if he had to. Quietly, he walked over to where Steve was sleeping. Being such a big guy on a tiny couch couldn't be that comfortable and Tony felt a little bad for not taking the couch himself. It wasn't until he got closer that he noticed Steve was twitching. His fingers were curled into fists and his brows were drawn together.
him. How would he have known about him? Let alone that he was alive?"
"No..."
"Do it. We'll all meet on the quinjet tomorrow morning at 0800. If you're late, you'll have to buy a ticket back to New York."
"I didn't come all this way--"
"It's--"
"Surprise?"
"I...don't know."
"Yeah?"
While they ate, Steve and Tony spearheaded the talk about SHIELD, Hydra and what they've been up to in the past couple months. Natasha and Clint butted in here and there. They then went over what they found in New Jersey and Tony in turned, told them about the man with the metal arm. If Tony knew that the Asset was Bucky, he was thankfully silent on that topic and didn't share with the other.
going to let that happen. They were both going to get out of there.
With a sigh, Tony flopped down into the couch, watching the laptop screen with disdain.
You don't need to tell me that you're a danger and you're still a risk. I
"So you arrived at the house then? Stark?"
"Do you have Starks thumb drive?"
"What?"
"What?"
"Stark, Howard was in the way of Hydra and needed to be removed. Stark, Anthony has proven to be a much bigger thorn in Hydra's side. He has interrupted our plans not twice, but thrice and even now, plots with you to disrupt us yet again. He would have been a grand asset to Hydra, given his intellect however we are prepared to cut our losses if he cannot be acquired."
Then he'd heard the shuffling and realized that they'd moved the kid into his cell and that was, well that was okay actually because now they could suffer together and it gave Tony the chance to actually talk to the poor kid more in person rather than from a separate cell.
Steve felt like a bucket of cold water had been poured over his head and he suddenly had a hard time breathing. Bucky was called in. Bucky was called in to get Tony. Dead or alive? Zola did say they wanted Tony but were willing to cut their losses if he died. This wasn't right. This wasn't how this was supposed to play out. They were here, hours away and Tony was...god forty minutes? He could be dead already.
He started with the ones in space. Leaving the Power Stone back in the orb for Quill to find and returning the Soul Stone to Vormir before returning the Reality Stone back to Asgard. (Which, if he had to admit, was a beautiful place and Thor's mother was surprisingly understanding when he was caught injecting the Aether back into Jane Foster.) Back on Earth, he chose to return to 1970 first, to put the Space Stone back before returning to 2012 to return the last two.
"It's alright Tony." He smiled softly, reassuringly and it seemed to make Tony relax more, that worry or guilt fading from his expression. "I know it's going to take a while. It means a lot that you're even giving it a try."
"Well that could have gone worse." Tony chuckled, picking up the pace to catch up to Steve as he briskly walked down the hall. That part was done, now all they needed to do was get Tony to a computer so he could get JARVIS uploaded.
"Please, do tell."
He could hear that, even though it sounded like the man tried to muffle it. "
"Fine. But if it's too much for you, I'll send you back to the jet to wait it out with Banner."
With a choked gasp, his hand shot out and he grabbed at Bucky's fist, staring up at surprised blue eyes.
"Yes." Steve's expression became serious. His eyes were bright and clear and Loki could see no lie in them.
Tony let out a breath at that and Steve sighed. The other man was re-reading the files JARVIS had pulled up, rubbing at his face.
Without sparing the other two a glance, he briskly headed back to the elevator. "Where's Tony?"
"Shouldn't he be resting JARVIS?"
"JARVIS?"
"He has proven difficult to acquire, escaping our hold without realizing on many occasions. His security was unrivaled in the fortress he calls his tower and he
"Don't apologize Buck. You gave us a lead. A good one. They're just a couple steps ahead of us."
" Natasha's voice came through and the genius could feel the tension leave Steve's body. She sounded alive. Groggy and pissed, but alive.
Both he and Sam took off into a run at the sight of the Winter Soldier pinning Steve down. Even from where they were it was easy to see that Steve was losing. Sam was faster and Tony watched as he picked up the shield in one fluid motion as he passed it, using it to slam into Bucky's head. A move he would have applauded Sam for if it were under better circumstances.
"Oh!" In Tony's apparent moment of brilliance, he slammed a hand down on the table, making them jump."I can say I wanted to come check on the helicarriers. I sent them the specs but I haven't checked them personally. He probably won't let me but that's just fine. I don't actually need to. It's just an excuse. Get me in, get me turned away and then let me slip off to a computer."
"No but--"
"So this was where you came from Cap?" Clint asked once they were through the fence and wandering the compound. Nat and Clint were prepared to split up but Steve knew where he was going and wasn't planning to wait for them to figure it out on their own so he took charge, briskly walking past the buildings.
"--very rambunctious and just wanted to clean just a little bit too much. Dot will be fine though." Steve felt himself relax at the sight of the brunet. Tony was a little bruised and he could see bandages poking out from under his sleeve. But he was alive and in one piece and that was what mattered.
"Yeah. I'll go set it up in the guest room."
Hesitation.
Steve hummed and slid through the contacts on his phone, looking for one name in particular.
All of the people in the room stopped as the Asgardian with the cape stepped on to the jet. He looked at Loki with wide eyes and the others looked between the two confused. Loki was just as confused. The man was Asgardian but he didn't know who he was at all.
"He's in trouble." At this his voice wobbled and it was stupid. He was doing fine before. Sure he'd been scared but not once did he cry! He could tell Thor that too! He didn't cry and he was brave! But now it was cold and dark and he didn't know where he was and Tony, the nice man in the cell that made him escape was still back there and needed help. Why didn't he stay to help?
These should have been reasons to visit the first time but Steve hadn't and for the life of him, he couldn't remember why. Why hadn't he reached out to Tony at all after leaving? They'd parted on good terms but he never thought to make sure he was okay.
"Aside from the fact that I hate that I'm lying to Steve and the others about your lack of knowledge on what we've been doing? We're going to need your help." Tony heard a car pull up and he rolled to his feet, stepping over to the window to peek out, expecting to see Sams car and the others getting out.
"Fine. We'll be in touch Captain. Good luck with this team of yours. I'll see what we can find on our end regarding Stark."
"Hey, it's alright. I'm a friend of Thors. He's your brother right?" Finally a nod and Tony offered the faintest of smiles. "I'm Tony."
"Oh we'll talk over dinner dear. Stop distracting the driver."
"What?"
"What's this I hear about you taking Barnes and the others back to New York?"
Tony groaned as he slowly came back to the world of the living. His mouth felt dry and thick like he'd eaten cotton and his head was pounding. He would have chalked it up to a hangover if he was still drinking like he was a couple years prior but it wasn't that. He knew enough from being in and out of it the past few days, that he was drugged after Rumlow carted him out of SHIELD's headquarters. His face was sore, his back hurt. He was getting too old to be tossed around like a sack of potatoes. Looking down at himself he made a face. He was still in the clothes, minus one watch, that he was wearing back at Wilson's when Rumlow first took him. He probably smelled. This was just
does is make a suit of armor that has an artillery the military would be jealous of. Arrows and weaponized gloves--"
Tony, Steve noted, not Stark. He hadn't realized that Fury and Tony were that close. Actually, now that he was thinking about it, he vaguely recalled Tony calling Fury by his first name. He put a pin in that for now, deciding to look more into that later as he sighed.
"Why not...?" His attention turned to her, frown in place. He had to remind himself that they weren't a team. Not yet. They would be but right now they had no attachments. "His house was destroyed. He went missing and didn't he just have the reactor taken out?"
"The moment Fury sees you he's going to know something is up. Why else would you be there?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Despite his friends progress, there were still downs. He flinched when one of them moved too fast, certain sounds seemed to put him on edge and there were times when the team was woken up from screams coming down the hall. Steve was grateful for his friends though as they stepped in when they were around. Sam gave Bucky someone to snark with, a relationship Steve was warmed at seeing again. Natasha was able to talk to him about some of the darker aspects of his life while Clint just gave him someone to hang out with. He knew Bruce let Bucky sit in his lab the couple of  nights when he couldn't sleep, giving him some quiet and peace of mind.
They spun around at sudden sound of gunfire. Further down they could see Hydra agents opening fire at someone sprinting from one helicarrier to the next.
And like that, Bruce was pulled into their researching. They went back over the files Steve chose and he actually added more insight to plenty of other things. The eagerness he had in helping them tear apart a top secret spy organization from the inside out was a little surprising. He could see the feeling was mutual when he glanced over at Tony and they both just shook their heads and dove in with him.
This went on for a few days and on day four of Steve being there, Bruce returned from his trip. He remembered that after the Battle of New York, Bruce left to both lay low from the prying eyes of General Ross (a guess) and to get a little piece of mind after letting the big guy out. Tony was kind enough to extend an invitation to the scientist to stay in the tower because where else would he be safe in the city? JARVIS ran the tower and no one could get past the AI.
"Don't let him hear you say that. He's supposed to be a god."
"Aye aye Captain."
(See the end of the chapter for
An alarm blared over them for a second, making Clint, Sam and Bruce jump while Natasha, Bucky and Steve both stood at the ready. Thor looked around rather confused. A hologram screen appeared in the middle of their group, over the table of food. A map of an area with a slowly moving red blip.
"Can you walk?"
Once again he found himself  grabbed by the neck and held in place, Barnes eyes staring at him with little interest but clear intent. When he moved, Barnes held him tighter and he choked.
"Awesome." Tony clapped his hands together. "I'll send you all phones. Stark phones, of course. I don't trust sending this information over anything that might get seen by outside forces. And since Hansel and Gretel are in, that means we can get more information."
me told me something. When I was fighting him for the scepter. I nearly had him but what he said made me lose my hold."
"What about you?"
"I think it should wait until you're feeling a little better Steve."
"JARVIS, call Fury please."
"Where's--" His head lolled a little and he tried to sit up only for Natasha to gently press him back into the bed.
"Sam! A friend of Steve's! C'mon, c'mon, c'mon!"
"Who do I talk to about the accommodations?" He asked, scooting back to sit against the one wall. "This is probably the worst place I've ever stayed in and you wouldn't
"Why?"
And only a simple pair of handcuffs.
He couldn't--
Pursing his lips together, Steve could see the determination in Bucky's eyes. He wasn't afraid to face those who had harmed him. He wanted revenge. He wanted to something as much as Steve did. They fought Hydra together in the war and they could fight it together now. He couldn't deprive him of this.
. Would it even be there if they looked?
Stumbling he made it to the other side of the alley, aware of the sirens approaching. He looked around wildly, trying to figure out the best route to run that didn't involve people. He didn't want someone to get caught in the crossfire. There was a noise behind him and he looked back to see the asset already recovered and turning his attention his way.
"It was, Tony had business here though. Thought I'd keep him company."
"Alright so you want me to sleep here? Does the couch pull out?"
"Make what? I make a lot of things Uncle Pennybags."
Cradling the watch up in his hands, he curled up in the snow. The yells were louder. The men were closer and he could hear the pounding of their footsteps in the snow. Then they fired. They fired over and over and over but...not at him?
"I don't think we've been properly introduced big guy. Tony Stark."
"Can you picture it though? Hulk swinging that hammer around?
"Where is Stark?"
"Fury related files?"
. He was loving this so far.
"You don't plan on going back." Not a question. A statement. She knew.
Tony told him he could do magic.
Steve nodded, agreeing and it wasn't long before they got to work.
The time he chose was just shy of a year after the battle of New York. February 2013. He chose a cheap little motel to crash and make plans in and luckily hadn't been recognized when he checked in. He was certain that when his head hit the pillow, he was in that motel. Now though, standing in the bathroom of his little apartment, he realized what must have happened. The serum didn't age him. Not by much as far as he could tell but the body he was in was definitely ten years younger then the one he'd fallen asleep in. He could see it in his face, mostly, but he could feel it. His body wasn't as worn and tired. This one was still young and not yet hardened by what was to come. He must have...merged with his other self somehow. The Ancient One's work? Or perhaps the universe putting things in place all on it's own.
"He must have blocked the signals somehow."
"It's
"JARVIS?"
"Rogers--"
"Tony." Steve cut in, giving him a pointed look; reminding him that they weren't here to argue. Part of the plan was to get turned away so they could go snooping without worrying about Fury looking for him in the building. As long as he thought Tony was on his way out of the building, he wouldn't bother them.
"Yeah I remember."
"Sorry Romanoff. Nightmare. Needed to make sure you were okay." He hummed before Steve could pipe in.
"Wait--
Curled up, he started on the mantra that he'd begun in his head as he was dragged to the room where the chair was.
"Where is he? Is he okay?"
Steve's eyes narrowed as he skimmed the information in front of him. "SHIELD."
"Hm." They weighed the idea out, Steve sharing a look with Natasha and Clint that basically said
"Stark Industries doesn't make weapons anymore.
"I've got the kid Cap. Taking him back to Banner and the jet!"
Steve could see the two of them reconsidering.
"Saving you. What's it look like?"
"You're right. It is only fair."
It was a detail he'd forgotten about. HYDRA slipped it out the last time at some point and they'd gotten it again this time.
"Is there anything you might be able to do to find it? Anyone you can ask?"
And you thought Tony was safe. He's never safe!
"If anyone is Hydra, Steve, that man is."
"No, please. I need to tell you first." He sucked in a breath to steel himself.
"You're going to distract him?
"I'm not implying. I'm blatantly stating it. Some of the people here can't be trusted."
"We wait."
"Then I'll draw their fire and you two take the other way in while they're distracted." Pressing a finger to his ear he waited for his com to connect. "Romanoff, Barton. How are things on your end?"
"No need for that yet Green Giant. You take it easy okay?"
"Stark!"
Steve shared a look with Tony and Bruce before regarding Natasha and Clint. "We're supposed to be a team. That was Fury's intention. I want us to handle this as a team. Separate from SHIELD or the government. We'll work with them but not for them but I can't work with an organization that's corrupted. Right now we don't have anything substantial which is why we haven't gone running to Fury but when we do, we'll act."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony! Steve!" Steve jerked forward when Clint slapped him on the shoulder from behind while Nat expertly slipped behind Tony, taking the briefcase and the thumb drive in one easy movement.
"Correct. When our original plans failed and humanity failed to surrender it's freedom, I was recruited into SHIELD after it was founded. From there, Hydra grew, secretly feeding crisis, reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed."
"By whom?"
At the others insistence, he sat up, wrapping the blanket around his smaller form. The mans eyes went wide, not expecting a child and it looked like he wanted to say something when another man; the man in charge came forward. This man Loki hadn't seen very much of. Maybe once or twice. The bald man seemed to know this new prisoner and the muscle-y guy next to him seemed to as well. He was scarier then the bald one. He looked like he was enjoying himself, especially as he held his weapon and pointed it at him.
Bucky went in fast and Steve anticipated it, ducking and blocking every potential hit. He felt a rib break when a metal arm hit him too hard and knew that there were a few well placed kicks that returned the favor. He avoided the knife as much as he could until he saw an opening to knock it out of his grip, spinning a little to elbow Bucky in the stomach before sweeping his feet out from under him. He then dove for his shield, rolling to the side and ducking behind it just as he heard three shots ring out and bounce off his shield. He risked getting to his feet, feeling a bullet enter his leg as he threw his shield with precision. Bucky blocked and knocked his shield aside with a metal arm before Steve tackled into him again, wrestling for the pistol when it went off.
"I dunno--"
"Rumlow." He nodded once, politely. Once, he'd thought the man a comrade. Not quite a friend but not far off. They ran ops together, had each others back and in the end Rumlow had turned on him without hesitation. The man was a good actor.
"Fury wants to talk to you." He stepped into the room and he gestured towards the door. "Sounded pretty urgent. I'll be on babysitting duty while you're talking."
Either way, not something he was going to worry about because right now he had more important work to do. There was a reason he picked this moment. There was still at least a year before the downfall of SHIELD in 2014. It gave him plenty of time to get his plans into motion.
"Loki can stay here--"
"He could be enhanced. Hey kiddo." The calm man smiled softly, now that he was done doing his looking. "My name is Bruce. This here is Clint. We're friends of Tony's"
Slumping in the back seat of his car, he told the driver to head to the nearest fast food place. He needed food and probably another coffee.
"Of course. Log the Project Insight information and send it to Bruce then. Then call Nick."
"Shit shit shit."
That got Tony's attention and he could see the gears working in his mind. He was trying to work this out in his head. To Tony, this was a new problem to be solved and Steve knew that the genius loved solving problems. Even though Tony was just sitting there and thinking, it was still fascinating to see him work. He couldn't possibly imagine how his mind worked, how he came to different conclusions. Things that didn't even seem connected became connected once Tony put his mind to it.
"Part of a long story and why we called you." Natasha started. The group of them filled him in on the situation with SHIELD and Hydra, the kidnapping of Tony and finally, the fact that someone had stolen the scepter.
Part one is finished! And yes, I left it on a cliffhanger. I was debating on ending it happily but naaah. Tony's got more stuff to do. The second part is going to go a weird way (maybe) but I have most of it already planned out so do expect to see it coming soon.
"But--!"
Also still thinking on that tumblr account or something. Unsure if I should make a writing account or not. I'll post it if I do make on!
Steve slowly nodded. There were two sets of memories for that day. The events as he knew them and the events they caused by a mild hiccup in plans. When his Tony had given
Ending the transmission, he let out a little sigh, turning his attention to the monitors. The three of them watched as people, confused, started to evacuate. As much as he wanted this to end peacefully, he could already see everything descending into chaos. Most tried to leave but others, who noticed the change in those called out, thought it was their job to engage.
"Check those screens over there. Let me know if anything happens. I'm erasing all of their operating systems and--"
information."
Scooting over to the cell bars, he peered into the cell across from him and realized that there was a lump over the covers. Hydra
That earned a soft chuckle from the other man and Fury got to his feet.
"Going back on the road?"
"Deal.
"When Loki took the Tesseract and escaped that day, you know, when I went into mild cardiac arrest?"
"He still hasn't said anything huh?"
Opening his laptop, he did a quick search of the day and recent news until he found what he wanted. News about Tony Stark's most recent dilemma. He remembered at the time the incident with Killian had taken place, he was just returning to the States having visited a few places in Europe. He'd seen the news after it all happened. The threat to the president. The terrorist bombings. Tony's house in Malibu and the billionaire being declared dead. He remembered asking-- demanding to know why SHIELD hadn't put more man power on the situation but all he was given was a flimsy excuse.
Steve shrugged his shoulders, looking through the hospital door window at Bucky who was lying in the hospital bed motionless. Like Steve's own serum, it let him heal quickly and he hadn't been as injured in the fight as Steve was so he was already in near perfect health. He could have broken out of there anytime in the last three days but he hadn't. Hadn't tried. Hadn't threatened it. He hadn't done
Clint and Natasha found their way to the kitchen and Steve slowly followed. They had plates made up for everyone and were picking spots to sit down when footsteps came down the hall and Tony's voice filtered in.
"So we wait then?"
Dun dun duuuun
There were short conversations; Clint joking about their recent assignment, Tony talking about something he and Bruce blew up, the local news and it wasn't until they had their food in front of them, did Tony get down to business.
"Excellent to hear. And do not worry. We have ways to make you more amicable to our plans so cheer up. You will not feel guilty for helping us. I guarantee it. We'll start in the morning Mister Stark, be sure to get your rest."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No word then?"
"Something I was really hoping against Rumlow! You're really not my type." He launched himself across the living room and into the kitchen, sliding across the floor to the back door. He pulled it open quickly and ducked into the backyard. He knew he didn't have a chance. Rumlow was at the front door which left Barnes in the back and he barely took five steps before he was grabbed.
"Good night Tony" He heard Steve whisper. Feather light and sweet, he was sure he felt lips pressed to his forehead.
Tony eyed him from his over his coffee, his expression thoughtful; critical. After Steve's initial plea and explanation they moved up into the communal kitchen where Tony made them both a coffee. It wasn't until after they were seated and drinking that Tony started grilling him on the subject. Sipping his own coffee, he waited for Tony's next question.
"We're going to need a plan."
"Quite so, you see--"
"The what?"
Strucker could tell that Tony knew what this meant and the man gestured to the chair.
He watched as Natasha and Clint shared a look. Not one word was spoken verbally but Steve knew, after seeing them work together countless times, that they could be having an entire conversation without needing to say a thing. There was a frown from Clint and Natasha's eyebrow quirked before they both nodded.
(In a way that was true. Professor Hulk, dubbed so by Banner himself, had been a good part of the last five years so seeing one or the other was now the new odd for Steve.)
"No you can't." Fury's one good eye flicked from Tony, who had let himself sink down in one of the chairs like he owned it, to Steve, who stayed standing off to the side. "And you, isn't it your weekend off? Why are you here?"
because of Steve pride-of-America Rogers. Thinking about being all tucked up and cuddly with the bigger blond made him feel like a teenager with a crush; giddy, flushed and giggly.
scepter. How the hell did they get that? It was in SHIELD's custody wasn't it? What had happened after he was grabbed?
"Cap?" The wide look turned into a frown and he stopped what he was doing to face Steve fully. "I thought JARVIS was kidding when he said you were in the elevator. Imagine my surprise."
"Natasha? What's going on? Where's Tony? He sent me all these files but hasn't picked up."
The Ancient One didn't seem at all surprised by his appearance on the rooftop. She appeared to have just been waiting, whether for Bruce or not, he didn't know and she didn't say but she did take the stone back with the barest hint of a smile. That should have been the end of it. He was done, he returned the stones to where he needed to. All that was left was to go home.
Sam tried to make for the doors before they closed but his A.I. was faster and Tony watched it go up before a fist connected with his face and he fell over.
"And the wings?"
"Your name is James Buchanan Barnes! You were taken by Hydra and used for their purpose." Using his full weight he tried to keep Bucky pinned down. "You know it's true. There's a part of you that knows it's true."
"This was everything we could get while Zola was talking. If there's anything on there that could help us--"
A black SUV now sat in the drive way. Three of the Strike members stepped out, one he recognized as Rumlow. A glint of silver told him that Barnes was there too. Tony sucked in a sharp breath, eyes wide. How did they know they were there? Did they know the others weren't here?
can protect themselves to the best of their abilities." Tony countered. He looked bored with the whole conversation but Steve could see the glint in his eyes. He was rearing up, ready to fight verbally with one of the most dangerous men in SHIELD. "The last time I provided weapons on a large scale, they were used behind my back for evil purposes. I can trust Clint and Natasha not to sell or misuse the upgrades I provide for them."
After he finished his cross country tour and went back to SHIELD.
In his sleep, he smiled.
"Deal man."
"Let's how this goes.''
The front door was busted, the living room in disarray but he pushed his way down the hall towards the guest room. The last place he saw Tony. He knew it was dumb to hope for Tony to maybe be hiding in the house still but he just wanted to believe for a moment that Tony was okay.
Getting his ass into gear, he took off into a run, dodging around the crowd that had formed and ducking into a nearby alley. He didn't need to turn around to know that the other was following him but he looked back anyways. Well that was a mistake. Because modern day terminator was on him in seconds with a speed he wasn't expecting. Metal fingers grabbed him by the throat and Tony choked out a gasp as he was slammed into the brick wall. His head bounced off the bricks and it left him seeing stars. He made a desperate grab at the metal arm pinning him to the wall and he wheezed when the fingers tightened.
"They want to eliminate threats before they happen." Steve chimed in. "Eliminate hostiles, counter terrorist activities-- neutralizing threats before they even happen. They're going to be constantly in the air because of Tony's technology and they will be everywhere. "
"What the hell does that even mean? You're planning to use Stark?"
"How do you think we're going to get you inside one of the biggest, most secure buildings in DC without anyone noticing?"
There needed to be a book for this. '
"And where's Tony?"
And like that, the little mouse was out of the bars and gone. The guards hadn't noticed for an hour or so. He tried to rearrange the blankets they had to make it look like Loki was sleeping but someone must have been checking the video surveillance. All hell broke loose after that, guards checking each cell before he heard someone ordering to start looking outside. If they were lucky, Loki was far enough away by now and his friends were coming.
The next morning, after his run, he met up with Tony for coffee before they drove in to SHIELD. Tony had a decent sized metal briefcase with him and he shushed Steve when he inquired, claiming it was a plan B. He also
Tony was astounded. Just amazed. These Hydra guys were not the smartest. He heard stories. His father told him stories, he read about them. He knew some of what Steve told him too. Anyone willing to follow the weird, red skulled bad guy couldn't have been that bright but this was just another level of stupidity.
"You're late." He scolded.
"--And this. This is the biggest red flag. These helicarriers that they're building. I sent the specs in for the repulsor tech because it was safer but do you know what these are for? Because I wasn't told a
thing about them when I mentioned helping on new helicarriers. Have you heard what Project Insight is?"
They were smarter than he thought.
Into the room he and Tony were supposed to be in.
There was a moment of silence before the voice answered, soft and fond.
"Are you going to help Tony?"
When the doors re-opened Tony was met with chaos. The helicarriers were on fire in background, falling to pieces and for a brief moment, Tony was sad to see them go. In the distance he could see Steve where he left him, trading blows with Bucky while off to the side, an injured Hill was propped up against the wall as Sam ducked around Rumlow's fists. Rushing over to Maria, he checked for a pulse when she tiredly batted his hand away.
"A little hiccup but we're underway. You?"
All eyes were back on them and Steve nodded, letting out a sigh.
"Play the message again, please."
Natasha sighed and handed Steve the phone. "We'll be downstairs when you're ready."
Back in 2013.
"So why tell us?"
The boy rubbed at his cheeks and jaw, scooting back to his place at the wall with a quiet thank-you.
Speaking of the All America hero, Tony pulled his phone out to turn it back on. He wanted to give those kids all of his attention with no distraction and maybe ignore all other responsibilities for a couple of hours so he turned it off. Now he was curious though. What had the others found out? Was there anything even at the location Jarvis dug out? Thinking about it now, turning his phone off was probably into the smartest idea. What if something happened to them and they tried to get a hold of him?
"So--" Sam and Natasha joined him a little while later, Nat dropping a duffel bag of his things with his shield in the corner of the room. "--How'd your talk with Fury go?"
Driving to New Jersey from DC was a good handful of hours and Steve was glad to drive it, keeping his mind occupied on the road while piping in here and there on the conversations Nat and Clint were having.
All he had to do was hold on.
"Alright." Her jaw set, a small tic that let him know she was preparing herself to tell him bad news. "When Clint and I finished with Pierce, we went through the halls to help diffuse the fighting between SHIELD and HYDRA before coming to help you. Before we could get down there, the elevator opened with Wilson, Hill, a couple Hydra agents, you and Barnes. Tony wasn't with them. According to them, Rumlow grabbed him off the elevator and fired at them so Tony ordered JARVIS to bring up the elevator without him."
They let themselves into the security control room and was met with no resistance because this time around, he wasn't branded an enemy of SHIELD. This time, he was still on friendly terms with a lot of the staff there. Those he knew weren't Hydra. He sent the employees working out, telling them to get away from the building as quickly as possible. He wasn't expecting explosions like the last time but he was expecting a lot of fighting. He didn't want anyone who wasn't involved caught in the crossfire.
"Well...We need to get a hold of Thor. So we need to figure out how to do that. He's going to want to know about Loki's scepter missing. Anything you might be able to tell me?"
Son of a bitch.
"You need it more than I do."
"I'm regretting this 'teamwork' decision already."
The team had managed to collect the infinity stones. He remembered Hulk's first snap, the battle that ensued, the pain and struggle and the sheer joy he felt when everyone came through in the end. He remembered wielding Mjolnir to fight Thanos alongside Thor. He remembered Banners snap. The second snap that wasn't Thanos but instead Tony. He remembered Peters and Peppers goodbyes before Iron Man took his last breath. Then there was the clean-up, the catching up, the funerals, the world trying to patch itself up back together after a five year return of everyone who had disappeared. He remembered his last mission; to return the stones back to their places in time.
"Did you really think I wouldn't notice him peeking around our systems after the last time? I knew after the first few times. Since then I've been given him ins and he caught on. I've been giving him hints on what to look for, for months now. He just decided to clue me into why he was sniffing around our secret systems recently."
"I'm sorry what?"
"Tight lipped. Wouldn't give me anything to work with. I get the distinct feeling he didn't even know."
"It's good to hear you buddy."
There was a small moment of silence as he listened to the phone ring before it picked up.
"You lot got the information yet or am I going to have to lend you a hand again?"
"I think Hydra's asset, the Winter Soldier? I think he's your friend. The-the one you told me about. Sergeant Barnes."
"Let me come with you."
"My name is Anthony Edward Stark. My friends call me Tony. My mothers name is Maria. My fathers name is Howard. I have people who care about me. Pepper. Rhodey. Happy. Steve. Natasha. Clint. Bruce. Thor. Sam. Fury. Harley. I am Iron Man."
"I don't make weapons anymore."
"Who the hell are you?" Despite that, he was already clamoring for the car, throwing the door open.
Convincing Fury hadn't been as hard as he thought it would be. He seemed a little put off but told him to take all the time he needed. Steve wondered if Fury was already working out that SHIELD wasn't everything he thought it was and that was why he was letting him leave. He had to admit that he was glad there was little resistance and hadn't needed to argue to make his point. Whether Fury okay'd it or not, he would have gone any way.
"We can't even find the algorithm they're using to determine this. This has so much potential to end up so badly and isn't this just the thing some...Nazi related group might like to use to their advantage?" Bruce finished off and out the three of them, Clint and Natasha would probably believe him the most. Tony had a history of erratic behavior and they assumed Steve was just looking for the next fight. Bruce? He was the level headed one. He wouldn't agree with them if he didn't believe in it himself.
To Tony's surprise, Steve, instead of just answering and thanking him for his wise help, leaned up and pressed chapped lips to his own. It was briefest, faintest of touches but it still made Tony's heart do flips in his chest and his brain to short circuit.
