Dean jumped, Castiel’s low voice nearly startling him over the side of the bed and Dean huffed, whacking at Castiel with the back of his hand but only succeeded in hitting the covers. “Don’t
Dean snorted, gripping himself at the base and giving Cas’ hole a tap that made the Familiar gasp and try and press back. Dean’s mind flicked to the lube in his bedside drawer and Cas’ hand flew back, gripping the one Dean had on his hip, keeping Dean’s skin pressed to his. Dean nudged forward, the head sinking in and Dean nearly lost it, all higher brain function gone.
Dean huffed, frustrated in more ways than he was willing to admit. “Look, I can’t play Harry Potter with you all day. I gotta work.”
When he lifted his head again, he took in a startlingly handsome face before sweeping up, but there was no aura around the man in front of the counter. Dean looked down again as if concentrating on wiping at his hands while he pushed himself outward, using his power as if scenting the air.
Castiel’s eyes had turned severe, and Dean wasn’t prepared for him to step forward. “You think it’s a coincidence that I showed up in your shop right before you were forced to take a familiar?”
Castiel’s head righted itself as his expression turned sour. “You said the balloon was for your brother’s birthday.”
Cas' hand stuttered to a halt, black eyes lifting from where they’d been riveted on Dean’s dick and Dean fought the urge to recoil. He lifted his hand instead and cupped the side of Cas’ face, careful to only brush the dry, chapped part of Cas’ lower lip.
“Winston.” His giant hand closed around Dean’s smaller one, squeezing just a little too hard, but Dean cranked back. Winston laughed.
When they arrived at the Rusty Spur, all eyes in the room turned to the strangers that entered, a buxom blond with roving eyes and a sweet looking brunette who seemed more than friendly with the guy that sometimes came in with the Winchester brothers. Dean made his way over to the bar, adding a little extra sway to his hips and soaking up the attention that came his way. Sam and Cas grabbed a high top near the dartboards and chatted as they waited for a waitress.
Castiel crash-landed into consciousness, heart racing as if he’d been dropped out of a plane. His arms were locked behind him, legs tangled in blankets as he looked around, eyes bleary and squinting in the soft morning sunshine. He frowned and looked over at the clock on his bedside table. 7:30 a.m.
“No, no. Hey, wait!” Dean’s hand caught Castiel’s elbow as he began to punch at the plastic sheet. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
what he needs.” Zachariah’s smile was shark-like as he leaned back in his chair. “And it’s high time you took a sovereign, Castiel.”
My best friend is a professional writer and just pointed out that Grammarly is basically a more sophisticated Clippy from 1990s MS Word and now I need to lie down.
Dean’s head snapped up as his name echoed around him. The pot was gone, burner off but he smelled smoke and looked up at the ceiling, watched the pinprick of black in the drywall grow as it was eaten away by flames.
don’t ruin the post-coital… what’s-it…” Dean’s voice trailed and Castiel was pretty sure he was unconscious before he’d even finished the sentence.
Castiel merely hummed his hands moving under Dean’s shirt, soft hands skimming up his stomach to palm at his pectorals. “I assume you’ve never done this before.”
. I woke up. Saw…” Dean gestured to Sam’s waist. “Rolled over and went back to sleep. Like a good brother does.”
Dean grabbed his jeans off the floor and pulled them up his legs over his boxers that were barely holding on to his hips. He could cinch his belt tight to keep them on, but his nipples were
He shushed Castiel as he wrangled him into a bear hug that Castiel couldn’t help but melt into, Dean’s body overly warm from exertion smelling of deodorant, sawdust and sweat. Dean’s chin rested atop Castiel’s head, stubble catching in his hair. Dean nuzzled at his crown. Castiel’s body sagged against him, arms against Dean’s chest and he dipped his head to rest his cheek against the base of Dean’s throat, chin sitting on his closed fists. Dean swayed them back and forth, the gentle movement lulling Castiel into a half doze.
“This is ridiculous,” Dean muttered to himself, reaching down to scoop up the pile of clothes, snatching the jacket from the sorcerer.
Dean planted his hands on the counter and narrowed his eyes. “How do you know so much about me anyway?”
Dean wasn’t sure what he’d planned to do after he barged into the bathroom but once he was standing over Cas, his ability to react on the fly had been replaced by a heady lust that threatened to choke him. Cas’ eyes had opened at the sound of the bathroom door banging against the vanity but he’d barely moved, a mere shift of his eyes to meet Dean’s. He was spread out in the tub, sunk in the water to his chest, his arms resting on the porcelain edges but the water was clear and left nothing to the imagination. The steam that rose from his skin was hypnotizing. Dean felt as if his tongue had turned to sand and Cas was the only thing that could quench his thirst.
“I’m on a bit of sugar high. Makes me sentimental,” Dean grinned bringing his cup to his lips and sipping. “Also I love you and it’s starting to get disgusting.”
Dean glanced down as he heard the stool move, getting a glimpse of the tan expanse of the man’s back, his dimpled glutes and thick thighs before Dean snapped his gaze up again. “I put your clothes right next to you.”
The cat’s ears flattened at the admonishment but shuffled away to sit near the sink, tail flicking up and down. Dean shook his head and climbed up onto the barstool to eat his dinner straight from the bag. The heat kicked on, and the unicorn balloon was blown in his direction, the string trailing over his shoulder before he turned his head and puffed out his cheeks, blowing hard so it veered to hover over the stool next to his.
Castiel shook his head, eyes still shining as he repeated the motion, Dean chewing contentedly as he wiped at his cheek again before taking a sip of his hot chocolate. The sun was nearly gone now, the only light from the blank screen down the street and a few of the street lamps on Main. Dean held the candied apple up to Castiel’s lips, offering him an easy bite from the side of the one Dean already took and Castiel dutifully obliged, grimacing a bit at the tartness of the Granny Smith but hummed as the sweet caramel balanced it out. Dean grinned.
Castiel was on his feet, head down as he zipped and buttoned his slacks, and it stayed down, shoulders curled in. Dean didn’t even have to reach for it. The shame and regret radiated out at him in waves thick enough to smother him. Dean heaved a sigh and grabbed for Castiel’s elbow, but the other man jerked back.
Castiel heaved a long-suffering sigh. “Dean, you just blew up your own coffee mug. I think the ship of subterfuge has sailed.”
Dean turned wide eyes to Castiel, who was perched on a barstool hand outstretched towards him. Two fingers pointed at Dean’s hand, and Castiel’s eyes glowed electric blue. Cas sucked in a deep breath through his nose, the light leaving his eyes as he lowered his hand. Dean looked down at the mug then back to Castiel, mouth hanging open.
“I’m asking you now,” Castiel said, his voice a low rumble that Dean felt through his thin t-shirt, “because if we go much further you’ll consent to anything.” Castiel ran his nose up the muscle on the side of Dean’s neck to exhale against his ear. “I won’t take what you don’t want to give.”
“You think you’re getting sex after waking me up at 7:30 in the morning on my day off?” Castiel’s voice was incredulous, his head turning to the side to rest against the mattress, but his hand was still squeezing at Dean’s ass.
“I get both feet past the threshold, and I’ll die.” Castiel’s eyes were as sharp as Dean’s gasp as he stepped in closer, one foot going between both of Dean’s, nearly nose to nose now. “I don’t know what part of this seems like a game to you, but it’s not. I could have minded my own business, let them string you up in Hell before they took your power and tossed you to the angels-”
No response. Dean swallowed hard, a pebble of dread beginning to form in his stomach as he threw off the blankets and slipped into his underwear. His mind stretched as he pulled a henley over his head, reaching to the farthest limits as he pulled a pair of jeans up his legs but Cas was nowhere he could find.
Sam’s eyebrows lifted. “What? Heaven?” He tipped his head to the side and shrugged, hands running down his thighs. “Only one way to find out.”
Dean’s eyebrows rose before he tipped his chin up, shifting from foot to foot and if he maybe projected the fact that he misjudged the dude, well, Castiel could pick up on that if he was looking for it. Castiel seemed pleased though nothing on his face indicated so. Dean just felt the warmth of it in his chest. He reached up and rubbed at his ear, pressing back harder into the counter as he looked down and to the side.
“Do you wish to take responsibility for him then, Castiel?” A man leaned over the bench, a teasing lilt in his tone. Dean didn’t know what he was but knew the body was merely a vessel. His aura was fractured like broken glass. Castiel looked down at his hands. “You wish him to be your sovereign?”
BUT I did get an entire sexy time-stamp when I decided it didn't work within the current arc so THAT will be coming along with the final chapter hopefully before the new year.
” Dean inquired, cocking his head to the side, glaring back and forth between Castiel and Rowena as others on the council seemed to mumble in agreement. “I need what, now?
“Your boundary is extended to the property line.” Dean pocketed the envelope and tried to move to the door, but Castiel stepped in front of him.
“I should go.” Castiel didn’t move. Dean licked his lips, stomach lurching at the idea of Cas leaving.
Dean didn’t like the smirk on his brother’s face. “I don’t know. If he’s gonna be Mata Hari I figure two can play that game.” Dean rubbed at his jaw, stubble making a scratching sound.
walking around in his head. The unicorn balloon was back, big cartoon eyes flat and staring right at him. Dean rolled his eyes, punched the balloon away from him right on its horn before turning to stomp into his room. Maybe if he went to sleep, he’d wake up, and all of it would be a dream.
Dean gave Cas a soft nudge of his palms, and Castiel slid away immediately, putting a good foot of vinyl seat between them. Dean let out a relieved breath.
It became abundantly clear fairly quickly that Dean has made a tactical error. It was fun at first, chatting with Winston for the duration of his beer, then moving on to a younger guy named Josh, who bought him another and a shot of Patron for a kiss. The poor kid looked like Dean had canceled Christmas when he demurely pecked the guy’s cheek. But it got him another beer and another shot before he sidled over to the jukebox, and Winston was back, dropping quarters in so Dean could load up some Zepplin tracks.
The cat stayed underfoot the rest of the day, and by the end, Dean’s chest was tight, and his right eye was irritated and stinging, occasionally sending a steady stream of tears down his cheek. He finally gave up and closed early, stopping in the pharmacy after putting an order in at the diner next door.
Dean’s lips were still puckered, seeking the opening of his bottle as his eyes snapped to Castiel. “You
Dean was assaulted by images of a woman bent over next to a bed, vomiting blood as another woman took staticky, painful breaths, arm hanging off the side of the mattress, fingers reaching as if trying to comfort. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and pushed, his mind clear. He heard the scramble of claws, the small
Dean looked like a deer caught in the headlights when Castiel turned to face him again, reaching for his shirt and shrugging it on. “What? No. That’s not-“Dean looked around helplessly. “Don’t
“Then I know just how to keep you awake don’t I darlin’” Dean leaned in, nibbling at the side of Castiel’s neck and he felt his cheeks heat up.
“My pillow is under your ass,” Dean mumbled, stifling a yawn with the back of his hand. “You’re doing laundry.” Castiel tugged it out from under him and hit Dean with it. “
The rest was a blur of taut muscles, curling toes, and bruising thrusts. At some point they ended up back in the bedroom, Dean flat on his back with Cas over him, riding him as no girl had ever done and Dean liked to fancy himself a pretty adept cowboy. He’d lost track of how many orgasms he’d had, throat raw from shouting and panting, muscles cramping from overuse.
“-regarding stolen property.” Dean blinked at him. Sam blinked back. Dean shook his head. Sam’s shoulders sagged as he heaved a beleaguered sigh. “They took your Familiar, Dean.”
“God, you’re fucking hot. You should see yourself, Cas. Taking three fingers like you’re gonna take my dick.”
“You’re lucky I fed only this morning,” Dean thought he heard Cas murmur to himself before he released him and pressed two fingers to his temple. Then everything was dark.
Castiel’s eyes rolled back in his head when Dean found his prostate and proceeded to press into it over and over again. Unlike past lovers who found it and jackhammered away, Dean’s rhythm didn’t change but his strokes became longer making Castiel arch with each brush against that sensitive ball of nerves until he was crying out from it. Only then did Dean’s thrusts get harder.
“You’re beautiful, Sovereign,” Castiel murmured, making an obscene slurping sound that had Dean crying out and arching his back.
“So far?” Dean asked with a raised eyebrow. “Talk in riddles and freeload offa my Lazy-Boy.” Castiel’s face was dangerously unamused, and Dean swallowed thickly. “They’re some kind of 1up for witches.”
Sam rushed ahead, flinging open the driver’s side back door before moving to climb in the driver’s seat. Dean was transferred from warm arms to cold vinyl with a sense of care he’d never experienced before - John usually dumped them in with barely a thought and had the door swinging closed whether there was a limb in the way or not. The engine roared to life as Castiel slid in next to him, barely getting the door closed before Sam took off like a shot, gravel spraying in their wake.
It seemed to go on forever, Dean riding back against Castiel’s face as he alternated between spearing him with his tongue and giving long, scissoring strokes with his fingers. Dean was covered in sweat, muscles trembling from the effort to hold himself up. In a moment of reprieve, Dean’s ears caught the dry rasp of flesh on flesh. He peeked over his shoulder, seeing Castiel stroking his hard length.
Dean hissed as his toes hit the cool tile, hand flicking to lift the toilet seat. He let his head hang back as he relieved himself, and when he opened his eyes again, he jumped, the toilet seat slamming with a loud smack. He glared hard at the balloon in the doorway as he tucked himself away.
Dean tensed as the guy leaned into him, pressing his body fully against Dean’s back and essentially trapping him against the bar as he reached around to flag down the barmaid. Dean could feel every breath the guy took, even the soft weight of his cock in his pants. Dean fought the urge to elbow him in the ribs.
“Mmm.” Dean shivered, pressing himself against the fly of Castiel’s boxer briefs and Castiel’s back arched a sigh of contentment passing his lips as Dean lost himself in rutting against him for a few moments.
Dean shouldered past him finally, holding his breath when their elbows brushed, fabric against skin, but nothing happened. A surge of anxiety lanced through him as he was about to step over the threshold, and he paused there, hands reaching to his sides to clutch the doorframe. He turned his head, chin tucked to his shoulder.
Dean rolled his eyes. “That aside, the heavenly harpies tried to scramble your eggs.” Dean lifted a hand to knuckle at the side of Castiel’s head just over his ear.
His vision was splotchy at best, and he was confused by the tall brunette following them, her hand planted on the shoulder blade below Dean’s own hand. When was the last time he’d been carried? She watched a few locals step up to Winston, who was on the floor, cradling his broken wrist and screaming obscenities at them. Dean shivered, arms tightening, and the hand on his thigh squeezed, the one splayed between his shoulder blades moving up to dig into his hair, and he turned his face into his savior’s neck, breathing in the clean scent of skin and rain.
“You said lust is the appetizer,” Dean’s mouth was dry but he had to keep talking. If he stopped he was going to sink himself to the hilt and this would be over. “What’s the main course? My orgasm?” Dean let his thumb breach Cas’ hole and it accepted him greedily, sucking the digit in. “Or yours.”
Cas comes back but he's not the same. Dean grapples with the realization that he could've lost Cas for good.
, the memory coinciding with the gentle push of Castiel’s tongue against Dean’s furled muscle, making Dean gasp.
The cocky look Dean situated on his face wasn’t fast enough to cover the hint of insecurity that flashed before it. “Oh, I’m great, baby.”
“And why didn’t you?” Dean’s voice was a lot harder than he meant it to be and the silence that followed was a thing with teeth.
Dean snorted, taking a deep drink of his beer before thunking the bottle down on the counter and crossing his arms tight over his chest to lance Castiel with an intense stare. “What about what
Dean was stunned, the scent of Castiel like some kind of balm to his soul, and he found himself wanting to reach for the man, to pull him close, see what he tasted like. He felt pinned, unable to move as Castiel stepped right into his personal space, blue eyes glowing and the sweetness of his breath stirred against Dean’s lips.
Dean recognized him then, Castiel’s sinuous body and the way it moved. With that realization, he was flooded with his Familiar’s awareness, half-starved, a mindless driving need to fuck, all instinct with no sentience. Dean made to grab his shoulder, intent on ripping him off Becky, but Castiel’s head turned just enough for Dean to get a glimpse of blacked-out eyes. The snarl Cas emitted caused a spray of spittle to land on the back of Dean’s hand.
Dean jumped, sparks shooting from his fingers, but that was the only reaction, no flying tools or honking horns. It was as if someone had swaddled him, the feeling of being wrapped tight to the point of suffocation making him panic. Something soft brushed his forearm, and his stomach unknotted, cool breath filling his lungs. He looked down to see the cat had walked the length of the grill, small body, slinking against Dean’s arm. Dean sneezed hard and a chuckle from the doorway made Dean look up with a sniffle.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded. He felt Castiel shift, one hand going between them to guide himself into place and Dean’s little gasp as the head popped in made Castiel’s pupils grow large before he made the conscious effort to keep them within normal human range. Dean said a silent prayer of thanks. Castiel’s lips quirked up at one corner.
“And what reaction is that?” Dean crossed his arms over his chest and winced at the pressure it put on his breasts. Sam shook her head and twisted her hands on the wheel. “
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that. I…” Castiel winced, and Dean’s brows and lips tipped up in a sarcastic smirk.
Castiel’s breath came in white clouds as he made his way out to the garden just before dawn. He navigated his way through the stacks, eyes glowing softly in the shadows, barely light enough to see by. When he came to the break in the stacks he stopped at the boundary of the protection spell, eyes sweeping the open space with its small garden of herbs and vegetables. He really needed to have a conversation with Dean about mixing his spell ingredients and his snacks.
Dean didn’t so much jump as his body propelled itself into the air on sheer adrenaline alone. Sparks shot from his fingers, but that was the only reaction, no busted lamps or dresser drawers dumping themselves to the floor. The feeling of being wrapped tight to the point of suffocation began to make him panic.
But Cas merely turned in a circle and flopped down, his large blue eyes sinking closed. Dean frowned for a moment, just staring at the cat who’d buried its face in its own paws. Dean felt something tickle along his wrist and when he looked up he found the unicorn balloon staring back at him, its giant head canted down. Dean shrugged, a tense gesture but shifted onto his hip and grunted as he reached for the TV remote on the coffee table. He settled onto his rear, bow legs falling open as he pointed at the TV and it came to life, the Netflix logo burned red on a black screen.
Castiel’s head turned so that his face was smashing into the pillow. “I’m not doing anything,” was his muffled reply.
“What is it, Lassie? Is Timmy in the well?” Dean snarked, stepping to the sink to wash his hands, and the balloon just hung in the air, smiling its dumb cartoon smile. “Get outta the way.”
by the way.” Rowena scoffed. “There’s a hearing tomorrow morning before the Ethereal Assembly to address the theft of your Familiar.”
Dean blinked, looking up at Winston and the leer on his face, which Dean assumed was meant to be sexy, was pretty creepy. “Heh, well, dreams do come true, I guess.”
Dean felt frustration emanating out at him like waves of heat. “Of course not. I was merely wondering-”
Later that night, back in the motel room, Sam and Dean got ready for bed. They’d solved the case, vanquished the evil, and Dean was more than ready to get in his four hours. Sam moping around like a kicked puppy was seriously harshing his vibe.
“You’re doing well.” Castiel’s voice was a gentle rumble, and Dean’s head jerked up, finding the man leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest, one ankle slotted over the other. Dean gave him a wary stare, leaning back at the waist and Castiel actually smiled as he reached up to tap his own temple. “Keeping me out.”
“Knock it off.” Dean reached up and snapped the burner back on, standing to drop the mess into the bin. The unicorn balloon bobbed in the air, sparkly eyes catching the light. “Don’t look at me like that. I don’t know where he is.” Dean gave a sharp gesture with his hand. “And before you start, yes, we fucked and I got the intel on what the winged dicks are after.” Dean grabbed for the bacon but it slid away from him. Dean glared at the balloon reaching again and it moved again. “Quit!” Dean lunged for it and knocked over the utensil canister, ladles and wooden spoons spilling across the stove. “Man, what the fuck is your-“
Dean didn’t want to ask, digging back into the engine but found he couldn’t stop himself. “And when will that be?”
“Oh, you’re free to go,” Rowena said, leaning over to whisper to the vampire next to her. Castiel turned to leave, and Dean was just about to do the same, not sure what else to do.
“Don’t think I will.” Dean nuzzled behind his ear, breathing hot against the lobe before biting it gently. “Ya know this is a pretty big blanket…”
“Yes,” Castiel’s eyes dropped from Dean’s to his chest, hand reaching out to finger the hem of Dean’s t-shirt. “Incubi and Succubi survive on sexual energy.” Fingertips swept the space between Dean’s hipbones and he clutched the edge of the vanity hard, feeling his knees weaken. “Lust is like an appetizer.”
Dean cut his eyes to the animal. “Yeah, I can’t breathe, and I’ve got a stranger walking around in my head.”
Sam’s eyes bugged out of his head. “What?” His voice shot up an octave as he turned red to the roots of his hair. “Why were you
Dean gets intimate with himself and learns that his new meatsuit comes with limitations. Sam reveals some hidden talents. Cas is along for the ride.
He heard movement behind him and turned to find Castiel gone, in his place a small black cat Dean didn’t recognize. It was sleek and long, with short, sparse fur and knobby paws. Its almond-shaped head and big satellite ears gave it an alien appearance, face dominated by giant blue eyes. When it padded over to him, swaying a bit as if drunk, Dean automatically lifted a hand, palm connecting with its head, the feline helpfully flattening its ears for Dean to run his hand across the length of its back.
Winston cursed, flailing backward as he grabbed his nose, and Dean backpedaled, putting a fair amount of space between them. “
“Can’t…” Dean groaned through gritted teeth, his head hanging forward and Castiel wanted to remember Dean like this forever, his beautiful face contorted in pleasure. “Can’t stop, Cas. God… fuck I’m gonna come.”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice was a dry rasp so he cleared it and tried again, struggling up onto his elbows. “Cas!”
Dean awoke the next morning, laying on something lumpy with sunlight hitting him in the face. He lifted his body, attempting to shove away the pillow that had wormed under him in the night but found nothing. Dean huffed, swatting hair out of his face as he flopped back down and felt a sharp pain in his chest, landing on something. His hands scrabbled under him but again found nothing. Frustrated, he reached to bat the hair out of his face again, forcing his eyes to open and see just what the hell he was lying on.
The unicorn balloon caught his gaze, hovering near the herb garden, big cartoon eyes, now metallic and blue instead of black, seeming to look right through him. He backpedaled from the screaming in the stockyard, ignoring the space where Cas was sprawled in the tub, and disappeared into a maze of tiled hallways, feeling a general sense of unease.
It shouldn’t have surprised Castiel that Dean was good at this. Dean was masterful in bed, his reputation amongst the ladies of Lebanon reaching mythic proportions and Castiel surely had experienced it himself though not to this extent. Castiel let out a high keening sound as Dean added a finger and Castiel wasn’t sure if it was the fact that he hadn’t bottomed in years or Dean’s fingers were the thickest he’d ever had inside him that made him feel stuffed full already.
putting on a show under his tee. He turned to grab his bag and winced again as they swung with the movement of his body.
Dean’s head turned to the bartender again, trying to catch her eyes. He’d never had trouble ordering before. “Just visiting.” Dean turned to look at him again. “What’s a girl gotta do to get a drink around here?”
Becky’s eyes flew open, and she let out a shrill scream scrambling to push at the man’s chest as well as push herself back up the desk, trying to get her legs closed. Still, the man’s head dipped, sucking at her neck and her eyes rolled back into her head, turning instantly pliable, even pulling herself in close again.
Dean sucked in a great breath, the hands on his arms releasing him as he face-planted into a hard chest, strong arms wrapping under his and lifting him off his feet. It was instinct for his legs to wrap around the waist, one arm going under Dean to support his weight, the hot skin of a palm searing against Dean’s thigh as it gripped to hold him in place. Dean’s arms scrambled around bony shoulders, chin tucking over to gasp great, deep breaths, and his heart felt like it was trying to escape his body.
“Is she okay?” Sam’s voice was high and trembling, and she cleared her throat. Dean snorted and immediately regretted it. Who was she calling
Dean stopped and Sam got a few feet past him before he realized. Dean looked at him, taking in the questioning lilt of his brow, the sturdy set of his shoulders, boots planted on solid ground. The industrial lighting cast pools of light, Sam in shadow Dean in the light and Dean absolutely ached.
“Face down, ass up it is I guess,” Dean grumbled, not sure exactly why he was bothered by it, his heart hammering hard in his chest.
Castiel prodded at his lip. “Technically, you asked what would happen if you said I couldn’t leave the apartment.”
The cough subsided, his eyes and jaw going from clenched shut to open wide as he doubled over, grabbing his head. Dean’s knees collided with the floor, hands wrapping around Castiel’s wrists. A high keening sound pulled from the back of Castiel’s throat, a sound of pain, like a wounded animal, and Dean shuffled closer, trying to get a look at Castiel’s face.
” Dean interjected as the cat reared back onto its hind legs, paws reaching for the balloon, and the glint of white claws against its solid black fur made Dean’s heart lurch. “Knock it-“He snatched the cat up under the ribs and must have gotten a lungful of dander because he sneezed hard, Cas giving a small squeak as Dean’s hands accidentally squeezed his rib cage. “Goddammit.” He sneezed again. And again. And again, until he was having trouble catching his breath.
Rowena’s aura, tinged orange in her annoyance, shifted to azure and Dean looked away, not wanting her pity.
Dean grabbed a rag, wiping at his hands as he took measured steps toward the front office. The balloon bumped against Jack again, the kid ignoring it this time, and Dean could hear the rumble of a low voice though he couldn’t make out what it was saying. Dean pushed the door open, head bowed, muttering a near-silent
Castiel could feel Dean’s breath panting down his spine as his hips began to roll smoothly, Castiel’s own breath quickening as the ridge on the head of Dean’s dick skimmed over his sensitive rim over and over. Dean shifted up onto his hands, giving himself more room to move, to press harder and Castiel shifted back into him, skin breaking out into gooseflesh.
Castiel held up his hands and took a cautioning step back, his eyes holding Dean’s. Everything about the man was signaling that he was no threat as if Castiel could sense that Dean’s fingers were beginning to tingle, that the back of his neck and the base of his spine were growing warm as he drew his power forward. But that was impossible.
Dean arched an eyebrow and gave a nod of concession. He offered his hand. “It’s Dea…” he coughed. “Uh, Diana. Diana. Nice to meet you. And you are?”
Castiel sucked his bottom lip into his mouth as they turned to face the front again, his shoulders slumping a bit. Cato lifted his hand, a casual gesture, and Rowena huffed, pushing her hand into the air reluctantly.
Dean glared at the stupid cartoon eyes before turning to bang open the door and head back into the garage.
Dean looked up to find Becky clutching the lapels of her blouse closed, knees tight together as she pulled them to her chest. Her panties, cotton with what looked like little turtles all over them, still hung from one foot, and Dean immediately looked back up to her face, which was a mistake. Fat, black tears were rolling down her cheeks, her nose bright red as she began to sob.
Ignatius leaned forward, eyes narrowed down the row. “Need I remind you, Castiel, that your place on this Assembly is by invitation only.” Castiel lowered his head, a sardonic smile pulling at his lips. “An invitation that can be
Castiel moaned low when Dean draped his body over him, feeling Dean fully hard now when he pressed against the warm skin of Castiel’s hip, Castiel’s own cock rapidly filling as he let his hands wander the smooth expanse of Dean’s back. Dean moaned softly when Castiel gripped the perfect globes of his ass, encouraging him to thrust against him. The sound of heavy breathing stirred the silent room along with the soft creak of the bed frame as their precum mixed on their bellies.
It hopped out of his arms as he hauled himself up onto the mattress, struggling with the blankets before giving up and letting his body go limp, face tucked against his pillow as the cat let its body topple over, thumping into his chest. His arm came up, instinctually curling around the small warm body. Both were asleep in seconds, undisturbed by the rustling of the blankets as they were drug over them by some unseen hand and the soft
Dean’s lips quirked at the memory. “You… that’s it?” Castiel nodded. “I saw… at least three different things… I think…” He frowned. It was all beginning to blur.
“I was going to tell you before you interrupted, dear.” Rowena scolded primly, her eyes a warning. “Dean Winchester, you have been called before the Ethereal Assembly at the request of the Angels of Heaven to answer for your crimes against-“
an inquiry. I want… retribution… or vengeance.” Dean carefully flexed his injured hand under the water and hissed. “And I want to stab that Zachariah dick in the face myself.”
Dean leaned down to press his lips to Castiel’s but didn’t press forward. Castiel carded his fingers back into Dean’s hair. “Dean you’re about to be inside me I think we can dispense with the bravado.”
Dean brought the bottle to his lips as if he could hide behind it. Castiel smiled at the ghost of butterflies tickling in his belly. “Yeah? And how do you know that?”
Dean looked down at the raised skin of his inner wrist, the symbol there whiter than the skin around it. He stroked a finger over it absently. “Sam, this is going to be a walk in the
“‘It’s the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown’ is a Halloween staple. I can’t believe you’ve never actually seen it.”
The kettle screamed, making Dean jump, his focus going to the task at hand. Castiel stayed close, unnervingly focused, as Dean grabbed a mug from one cabinet, an air-tight canister from another. Curiosity made Dean’s fingertips itch, a strange hunger to
“Apologies.” Castiel looked to his lap. “I don’t think it worked. Not entirely.” Castiel rubbed his face again.
moving through his consciousness? Castiel hadn’t reached the garage; was still somewhere in the unknowable space of the present, seemingly only able to breach Dean’s sentience and not his mind, but it was enough to turn Dean cold.
He was pleasantly buzzed when he begged off to check in with Sam and Cas, both perched on barstools with beers in hand. Dean hopped up on an empty stool and leaned towards Cas, giving him a wide smile.
Dean frowned, stepping towards the bay door, punching the button that made it rise. As the lot was slowly revealed, he saw her Jetta parked at the end like always. He supposed it was possible that Becky had gotten caught up in her opening duties and forgone the usual twenty minutes of inane chatter he endured upon her arrival. Still, in the three years she’d been working there, it hadn’t happened yet.
Castiel had already settled back against his seat, face stormy as he glared out his window, the air crackling with his displeasure. Dean felt himself wiggle closer, so they were pressed shoulder to shoulder, and Castiel’s eyes slanted towards him, unamused, but he huffed, muscles loosening as they sped through the black night.
“I still have…” Castiel curled in tighter, holding his head in his hands. “I remember, but the training it’s… it’s trying to take over.”
Castiel whined but did as he was bid, Dean lifting his body weight and slipping a hand between Castiel and the mattress. Dean maneuvered the other man’s erection so it was pointed down, trapped between soft sheets and his warm thighs before pressing Castiel back down into the mattress, Castiel’s chest rumbling pleasurably. Dean’s own cock nestled against the crack of Castiel’s ass, dribbling precum so that after a few rolls of his hips he was able to glide slickly against the crease.
“No, lesser beings are ours to do with as we see fit.” Zachariah sat back in his chair and folded his hands over his stomach.
“Yes, about that…” Castiel grumbled, taking a careful step forward. He crossed his arms over his chest at the sudden chill that ran through him.
I had a whole scene with Dean getting a (female) high-class escort in Denver that went before this but after I wrote the entire fucking thing it felt overly indulgent and kind of unnecessary to get her/him in (truck)bed with Cas.
A throaty laugh from Castiel and Dean had to press his hand to his fly. “Mind Palace.” Castiel’s head tipped back as he spoke the words, letting them roll off his tongue as if he were tasting them and god Dean wanted to climb in the water and- “I've never heard it called that before.”
It was Castiel’s turn to snort. “It wasn’t a judgment on your prowess or adventurousness, Dean. It’s okay to be apprehensive about something so-“
Small as it was, Dean felt the effect of the venom immediately, skin growing hot and a deep ache pulled between his legs, dick chubbing up under his jumpsuit. He backpedaled quick, wiping it on his thigh, and thankfully the effect began to wane, but he still had the problem of his front desk girl having a screaming orgasm on the account ledger while his new holy sex demon roommate roofied her with bodily fluids.
“No, not… not that. Um, are you… like… okay?” Dean shifted, reaching between his legs to adjust himself, tucking his erection into the waistband of his boxers.
Cas’ neck strained forward, giving Dean ample time to pull back but the witch leaned in, pressing a soft kiss to even softer lips. Castiel pulled back before Dean could reach forward with his tongue, Cas' hand combing back through his hair.
.” Dean rolled his head to the side and grinned at his brother. “You might be a little goofy looking.”
Castiel gathered his knees under him and felt Dean’s breath hitch, the pad of his thumb rubbing a soft circle over Castiel’s furled muscle before smoothing down, pressing against his perineum. Castiel shivered, humming against the sensation as Dean took his time, coating his entrance thoroughly.
“I’m gonna go downstairs and take that girl home. You’re gonna stay in this room and try not to fuck anybody before I get back.” Dean shook his head. “No, you
“What’d they do to him?” Dean questioned, eyes searching Castiel’s but his expression was still blank. “Cas?” Dean’s fingers slid down the fabric of Castiel’s coat, gripping his freezing hands. Dean looked to Rowena again. “What’d they
“I will, in fact, not be able to set foot outside this apartment,” Castiel gave him a wan smile before rolling his eyes.
“I give an order?” Dean lifted an eyebrow, and Castiel felt his mouth form the words without his permission, fingertips twitching against Dean’s cheekbones.
Dean planted his face against Castiel’s chest. “Don’t wanna think about it.” His voice was muffled and he breathed a slow, hot huff against Castiel’s nipple, watched it harden. “Tell me what the angels want you to do.”
“Who’s birthday?” The stranger’s voice was like gravel crunching under snow tires. Dean glanced over his shoulder again at the offensively pink balloon emblazoned with “Happy Birthday.”
Dean cursed softly under his breath, his fingers pulling back and Castiel fought a whine at the loss. He heard the bottle uncap, and the slick sound of Dean working himself up, Castiel glanced over his shoulder to watch. Dean paused again, one hand on Castiel’s lower back.
Rowena cocked out a hip and planted her arms across her chest. Dean rolled his eyes. “You called me from Hell.”
“You’re ready, I saw to it.” Castiel rubbed against him and Dean could feel his muscle twitching as if trying to catch Castiel and pull him in.
And suddenly Dean was alone, dizzy and breathless. Well, he thought he was alone until he sneezed and realized there was a pile of clothes at his feet. He watched dazed, as the small black cat trotted around the kitchen island and hopped up into Dean’s recliner. He turned in a circle before laying down and promptly fell asleep.
“So you’re trying to put me in some witchy jail? Awesome.” Dean threw his arms out. “And you wonder why I don’t want anything to do with your stupid coven.”
Dean’s smile dropped rushing forward, hands going to Castiel’s biceps. “‘ey don’t walk in here with no shoes on.”
anymore. My superior, Zachariah, he… wants to see if your vessel can be used without possession by one of Michael’s brothers. Likely Raphael though he didn’t say.”
“Becky, I want you to stand here,” Dean’s eyes held hers as his hand reached behind her, and with a twist of his wrist, the lock on the door turned and the “come back soon” side of the sign faced outward. “Just stand here and
“Good thing we’re watching Nightmare on Elm Street then.” Dean shimmed happily, sipping at his hot chocolate and Castiel wiggled as he whined.
“Do you have an inhaler?” The low rumble of Castiel’s voice sent shivers down Dean’s spine as he struggled to breathe, green eyes wide as he stared into blue. His hand wrapped tightly around Cas’ wrist, skin searing. “Dean your throat has closed. You need to tell me where your inhaler is.”
“Come on, man.” Dean huffed through gritted teeth, eyelids fluttering as he slid down further. “Let me move.”
It was the whisper of phantom fingertips against Dean’s sternum that made him snap, suddenly back in his lazy-boy, alone with a ridiculous balloon. He grit his teeth and launched to his feet.
He jumped, looking around, the bottle of lube in his hands stuttering before he squeezed some out then looked around again, trying to decide where to put it down. Castiel fought a smile, dropping his forehead back down to his arms. “Take your time.”
“I’m saying you should hold out as long as you can.” Cas stretched forward, languid and feline in his movement. “
Then Dean himself, on his back and gazing up with a look of pure bliss painted across his features and Castiel’s knowledge that he put it there was more pleasurable than anything physical could ever be. Seeing Zachariah and the blond again was like being doused in cold water after that, his body restrained and panicked, one thought pulsing outward like a radio signal.
“All in favor of Castiel taking Dean Winchester as his sovereign?” Zachariah lifted a hand, as did Ignatius, the vampire, the human-like creature, and a woman with iridescent eyes and an aura that was shrouded and unnatural.
“You can’t touch me, my skin. Not right now.” Castiel warned, and Dean remembered the night before, the flash of skin and sex.
Dean’s eyebrows rose, regarding the older vessel with disdain. He didn’t like this guy, and he was pretty sure that feeling was all his, not coming from anywhere else. Rowena looked contemplative, her eyes cutting from Dean to Castiel and back. The air around her head swirled indigo, pink, and turquoise, curiosity mixing with her own desires.
“Yeah.” Dean rubbed the back of his head, wincing as he rolled over a tender spot. He looked over his shoulder at the likely offender, the corner of the coffee table. “Are you okay?”
“You’re good?” Dean asked, the blunt tip of him pressing hot to Castiel’s entrance and Castiel nodded, swallowing hard, hands going back to Dean’s hips. “I need you to tell me, Cas.”
“We are bonded, you and I.” Castiel ran a finger down the line of buttons on Dean’s flannel. “Deeper than blood and bone, ancient and unfathomable. Not quite soulmates but…”
Dean barely got his hand up fast enough to try and muffle the snort of laughter when he saw the large, droopy flesh of the Warlock’s ear. “You still haven’t figured out how to get rid of that elephant ear yet, Cato?” Dean clicked his tongue.
to be gentle then.” Castiel’s teeth sunk into the meat of Dean’s neck as his hands slid down, thumbs hooking in the waist of Dean’s boxers. He took his time, sliding them around his hips, dragging them slowly over the swell of Dean’s ass. Dean reached over his head, ripping his shirt off and Castiel took the opportunity to nip down Dean’s back, each bite making Dean jump and arch further until he had his knees gathered under him, spread wide. His erection hung heavy between his legs, the tip just barely touching the sheets, leaving wet trails. Castiel was pressing soft, dry kisses along the breadth of Dean’s shoulder blades.
Dean’s breath left him, and Castiel felt the pulse of hurt as if he’d been sucker-punched himself. Smoke filled Cas’ senses, ears closing to a dull roar, but he could still hear John Winchester’s gruff command, nothing but an echo now.
The thing about fucking your holy sex demon roommate/familiar is that he’s not human, despite his meat suit looking like one, and Dean was reminded of that when Castiel’s arm shot out. One second he was under the covers on his back, the next he was rolled under a warm, naked body, pinned to the mattress on his belly. A shiver shook through him, feeling the heavy weight of Cas’ erection through the thin cotton of his boxer briefs.
“Speaking of which, how did you pull that little trick just now?” Dean gestured between them, bringing his mug to his lips.
Dean wiggled his arms to fold them over the pillows and dropped his head onto them. His head shot up a second later. Wait a minute…
Dean openly laughed, shaking his head. “Man, I warned y-“His sentence cut off in a squelch as the man moved faster than Dean anticipated, his large hand clamping around Dean’s neck, and suddenly Dean couldn’t breathe.
“Relax,” Castiel purred and Dean felt his eyelashes brush against the base of his spine as Cas grabbed handfuls of his ass, squeezing hard as he pulled his cheeks apart.
“What do you think?” Dean muttered, not turning his head, still watching Castiel through the glass as he walked across the lot, looking both ways before he crossed the street.
Dean extracted his arms from under Castiel then toppled over onto his side of the bed, immediately shuffling against Castiel’s side, one arm wrapping across his chest. Castiel lifted his arm to allow Dean to duck under it, stubbled cheek scratching against the soft skin of Castiel’s pectoral.
“Hey! Earth to Dean! Knock it off. Let’s go!” Sam shouldered her bag, and Dean winced, shoulders curling in. Every chastisement he’d ever received from a date or girlfriend ran through his head, and this was just
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin, eyes darting to the rearview mirror where Castiel now sat, naked shoulders visible, but Dean looked resolutely out the windshield before his eyes drifted any further. Dean’s hands scrambled with the clothes, and he lobbed them back over his shoulder. Castiel made a soft noise of surprise and then sighed. Dean was pretty sure he hit him in the face.
“Why?” Dean asked, head tilted to the side as he went for another bite of his apple. He smirked before sinking his teeth in. “Scared?”
“You were attacked by Angels. Rogues, I’d imagine. They didn’t seem to sense me. Probably low ranking. Where did you send them?”
Dean was panting as he came down, unable to catch his breath as he gulped, swallowing on a dry throat. He brought up both hands to hold Castiel’s face steady, forehead resting against Castiel’s as he struggling to keep pace. A flash of lightning lit the room and Dean was distracted momentarily by shiny, black wings rising over Castiel’s shoulders, there one moment and gone again by the time thunder crashed. Castiel’s head fell back then, a deep groan pulling from his chest and Dean gasped as he felt warmth flood him, his flagging erection straining to full mast once more with Cas’ release.
Dean whipped around, the sudden movement making the world tip on its axis. He almost felt drunk as he turned on his hip to crawl across the floor, pressing fingers to drywall, the wood of the sill, and the glass of the windowpane. Outside, the night was quiet, a few flurries swirling in the frigid air, but he was warm and whole inside his room as if everything that had just happened were nothing but a terrible dream.
Castiel’s eyes lifted, bright blue over the lip of his mug as he took a mouthful. Dean could tell he was trying to hide feeling smug, but Dean felt it twitching at the corners of his own lips. Castiel made a show of setting his mug down, crossing one leg over the other and planting his elbows on the bar top, clasping his hands together. Dean lowered his eyes to his plate and concentrated on cramming the remainder of his bacon into his mouth, trying not to blush at the intense stare Castiel had laid on him.
“Move idiot,” Dean muttered, punching the balloon so that it lurched back but it merely drifted over again, long string draping over Dean’s shoulder. “Cas I need you to eat this.”
“How do you know Rowena?” Dean’s voice was sharp as a slap. Castiel pressed his lips together, pumping his hands gently. Dean swallowed again, recognizing the gesture as one Sam often used to get him to calm down. Dean shifted from foot to foot.
Sam’s eyes bulged, foot slipping off the gas, and the Impala slowed as Castiel’s hand flew out to grip the seatback in front of him. “Turn around, Sam.”
Castiel’s muffled moan into the mattress turned into a whine as Dean rolled him over, making him lose the pressure on his half-hard dick and exposing his naked chest to the cool air of the room. Dean shushed him, sitting back on his thighs and running warm, rough hands over his torso. Castiel opened his eyes just a slit, taking in the blurry outline of Dean’s sun-kissed skin, reaching out a clumsy hand to drag his fingertips down Dean’s stomach and letting them whisper down the length of his half-hard cock.
Dean rolled his eyes as the quiet witch with the shrouded aura spoke, “They need to touch.” She pressed her hands together as if in prayer, an example.
“Come on Cas.” Dean looped an arm through Castiel’s pulling his body flush against Dean’s side. “Let’s get you warmed up.” Castiel shuffled after him willingly enough as Dean moved towards the door of the shop. Dean paused. “Rowena?” He looked over his shoulder and found the older witch looking put out, hands on her hips. “Thanks.”
Dean gave a weak shrug, and Castiel frowned. Dean scowled. “Don’t look at me like that.” He heaved a sigh as he looked over his shoulder at the gaping hole in the side of his room then hung his head. “Fuck, what are the odds nobody saw or heard that?” Dean scrubbed his face hard with his hands.
“Yes, yes. I’m all too aware of what can be stripped from me, Ignatius, thank you.” Castiel lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s. “Dean is still a witch and has all the rights that come with that status. He cannot be held here without a conviction, you cannot convict without a trial, and the trial cannot be held before the winter solstice. I don’t make the rules.”
“Easy tiger,” Dean rolled his shoulders and slipped to the side, soothing his rejection with a smooth smile. “You haven’t even bought me a drink yet.”
Castiel looked down, chastised and Dean sighed. "Look, Sammy ain't usually wrong but I promise I'll keep an open mind okay?"
Dean turned and found Sam hurrying towards him, his hair a wild tumble on his head, face white and eyes wide. Dean rushed forward, attempted to grab his brother’s elbows but his hands closed around nothing.
Castiel wasn’t sure if Dean was asking him or merely musing but he had his answer soon enough, Castiel whining through the stretch, pressing himself back into Dean’s hand with wanton lust.
Cato’s face darkened. “He should be held until he can pass the Dark Trials as every other practicing witch.”
All the drawers in Dean’s dressers shot open, the closet door banging shut as well as the bathroom door. “Don’t fucking lie to me, Familiar.”
“In fact, I’m gonna roll over right now and let you have a private moment before the change happens.” Dean made a show of rolling over, shoving an arm under his pillow as he turned his head to holler over his shoulder. “Because lord knows with your skills an orgasm ain’t happening after you turn female.”
“Jack Daniels. Neat.” Winston had leaned back into Dean’s personal space again, eyes roving over his face. Julie set his beer down in front of him, and Dean reached for it giving the barmaid a wink. She just rolled her eyes. Dean shrugged, taking a sip, and when he turned, Winston’s face was right on the other side of his glass.
“Is that necessary?” Castiel addressed the question to Dean before turning to look down the row at the Assembly, almost as an afterthought. “If he doesn’t want-”
Once the kettle was on, Dean finally turned around, leaned against the sink and crossed one ankle over the other. He reached for his beer, and the top flew off into his waiting palm. He set it on the counter as his eyes fell on Castiel, who was pursuing his bookshelf.
One calloused hand skimmed up the back of Castiel’s calf, fingertips brushing the back of his knee before pressing more firmly against the back of his thigh, skin warm through the thin cotton of his boxer briefs. Castiel shifted with a hum when Dean’s hand moved to one globe of his ass, giving it a slow squeeze before continuing its journey under the frayed hem of the soft shirt Castiel wore.
Dean looked over at him, and Castiel tore his gaze away from the broom to meet the other man’s eyes. A look of understanding passed over Castiel’s face before he tipped his chin up, sucking a breath in through his nose as if steeling himself.
Dean let his head fall to the side and brilliant blue eyes shone in the darkened room, Cas’ lips dry and chapped. Dean licked his again and Castiel followed the movement.
“Jeez.” Dean brought his beer to his lips, eyes roving the crowd. He was pleasantly buzzed and mildly surprised over the fact. It took him a good five or six before he started feeling like dancing, and his toes were already tapping on his barstool. It was almost enough to take his mind off how the lace of his bra was chaffing his skin, the underwire cutting into the crease under his breasts.
Dean covered his ears, the pressure on his eardrums, making him nauseous. He felt something shift behind his head as lightning flashed around them, and he turned his head just in time to see shadowy black feathers curling around his shoulder. A whisper of wind moved the hair at his chin, and he thought he felt feathers brush the cap of his shoulder.
Dean’s eyes widened before his face crumpled in what he hoped was a convincing look of disgust. “I am
Castiel blinked up at him, suddenly grounded by the tremor in Dean’s voice and he brought a hand up to cup Dean’s cheek. “Yes. I’m good. Are you?”
“If you’re opposed, just say no. You don’t have to be irritating.” Castiel’s tone was crabby, his hips giving an involuntary shove, forcing Dean harder into the mattress. “I respect your boundaries, not just as my Sovereign but as a fellow sentient being.”
A snort from his left made Dean look up with a scowl. Sam smirked. “What? Since when are you delicate?”
“Whoa there, bud!” Dean’s hands planted on Winston’s chest, and Dean was surprised when he didn’t move the other man at all. Like, at. All. Dean frowned, applying more pressure.
“You can be a cat if you want. I don’t mind.” Dean’s eyelids fluttered heavily and before he realized what he was doing his body was plastered to Castiel’s side, soft cock laying on Cas’ thigh.
The balloon bumped into Dean’s shoulder, and Castiel’s eyes were drawn to it. Dean grabbed the string and began tugging it back towards the window, wrapping it loosely around a pot of basil. He could feel Castiel moving towards him as he checked the soil in each pot, knowing none of them needed water, but it was something to do.
They both gasped as Dean slipped in slow, Castiel’s arms scrambling to circle Dean’s shoulders, palms tightening until Dean’s hips were flush against his. Dean was panting harshly against his collarbone, arms trembling under his weight and Castiel knew the feeling. He ran his palms up and down Dean’s back, peppering kisses along the shell of his ear.
Dean’s eyes snapped to Cas’ swallowing hard at the heat behind his gaze and looked away. “Not my fault you didn’t strike while my ass was hot. This is what I want now.”
“-but without him, Dean Winchester is a liability.” Cato leaned back, folding his hands over his stomach.
Dean was about to take another bite of his burger when he noticed the cat eyeing the balloon with narrowed eyes. He watched as it stood, curled its back up in a stretch before padding over to the edge of the counter. It inspected the string, eyes climbing it all the way to the obnoxiously pink and white mylar that was canted down as if looking back.
That’s when he realized his eggs were burning. Cursing under his breath Dean grabbed a spatula and began to try and salvage his eggs. “Sonnovah-“
Dean drug his thumb down over the stubble of his chin, brushed Cas’ Adams apple, feeling it bob. He pressed his fingertips flat against Cas’ sternum, applying enough pressure to challenge him before he turned his hand and allowed his knuckles to skim over the delicate skin below Cas’ belly button.
“Normally I feed once a month or every few months.” Castiel stood dripping on the bathmat, not even bothering to reach for a towel. Dean felt the edge of the vanity biting into the back of his thighs. “I really shouldn’t be this compelled to feed again…” Castiel’s pupils were growing as he took a step closer and Dean swallowed hard. “Especially given the day’s events.”
Dean snorted, hacking a bit on the mucus at the back of his throat. “Yeah, no. I gotta finish rewiring this thing.”
Castiel put his hands in his pockets as a snowflake landed on his cheek and pressed his lips together, regarding Zachariah with suspicion. “You think so?”
Dean had been reaching for the drawer when Castiel licked a wide stroke from his balls to his tailbone, eliciting a full-body shiver from Dean. Dean pressed his forehead hard to his forearms as Castiel did it again, and again before swirling it around, alternating between those wide, steady strokes and delicate kitten licks that made Dean’s thighs jerk.
Dean mashed his lips together, sucked in a calming breath, and he was at the porch, heaving a sigh as he trudged up the stairs and entered the house. Stomping into the kitchen he glared at the boiling pot on the stove, spiting and hissing as it frothed over the sides.
Dean woke up to warm winter sun filtering in through his bedroom window, snowflakes melting on the pane. He stretched long and languid, muscles straining before going limp against the mattress again, eyes sinking closed. He reached out, hand swishing carefully across the bed, searching for a warm body, furry or otherwise, but was met with nothing but cold sheets.
Sorry for the delay in updates. I'm currently working my way through the ending of this. Thank you for sticking with me!
, echoed down the stairs in a haunting parody of his father’s roughened voice. The dryer kicked on and Dean curled up, breathing in the scent of detergent as warm air from the vent made him sweat.
Dean felt the corners of his lips try and lift, smug, and he forced them into a frown, glaring as the cat hopped back up onto the fender.
“Fuck, Dean.” Cas’ rolled a shoulder, squirming and Dean did it again, rubbing slow circles until Cas was mewling, his head resting on his hands.
Castiel frowned when Dean stopped but the feeling of his fingers pinching at the waistband of his underwear soothed him, lifting his hips to aid Dean in ridding him of the last of his clothes. Large warm palms skimmed up his thighs and parted to run up over his hips, deliberately avoiding where Castiel wanted them most.
“Really?!” Dean squinted at him, and Castiel shrugged, still prodding at his lip. Dean felt the roil of his stomach at Cas’ obvious guilt.
Dean looked down at his boots and scuffed at the stone beneath him, producing a loud squeak that made most behind the bench cringe. “What’s this about?”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest, brooding. It’s not like he hadn’t tried. The tickle was back and Dean swatted at the back of his neck, the annoyance much like a mosquito he couldn’t kill. The unicorn balloon bumped into the window and Dean’s brow furrowed. When it did it again Dean stood, bashing his shin against the coffee table in his haste to look out.
Dean let the smug smile curl at his lips, enjoying the frustration that tingled in his jaw, especially now that it wasn’t his own. “I don’t. Besides,” Dean nodded, eyes darting around them as he brought his mug to his lips, “I’m running a business here.” He winced as the cool coffee hit his tongue.
“Alright then,” Rowena spread her hands across the desktop, her head tilted daintily, “I request that the Assembly appoint an advisor.” Dean squeaked, and Rowena sighed at him. “It would be for your own safety.”
Dean’s spine straightened, his eyes going flat before he recovered, pushing himself off the counter. “For a while, at least.” Dean’s eyes flashed, and Castiel felt a rush of
“Come on,” Dean whined impatiently, canting his hips back, wiggling to get some friction, and Cas’ low chuckle vibrated against his spine.
Yeah, two updates in one day. I was originally going to make both of these into a single chapter but then decided they didn't really go together. *face palm*
The jostle of being hoisted up into Dean’s arms only disoriented him for a moment, arms latching around Dean’s neck as his legs curled to cross at his lower back. He could feel Dean’s chuckle vibrate against his own chest but merely nosed at the other man’s pulse point which sped as he hauled them both up the stairs. Dean grunted a bit, trying to lower him softly back onto the bed, laughing again when Castiel didn’t relinquish his hold, his boot slipping on the rug next to the bed so that he face-planted into Castiel’s chest.
“Yes.” Dean eyed the mug next to Castiel’s hip, and Castiel followed his gaze. “I’ll drink another cup if you like, but I have no reason to lie to you.”
“Uh…” Dean could only stare as Cas undid the button of his jeans, eased down the zipper. “I think I’m outta commission here, bud.” Dean chuckled, tummy trembling as Cas slipped one fingertip under the band of his boxer briefs. “Almost killing someone is kind of a buzzki-.”
He jumped feeling the bed shake under him, the whole house shake really, and he flopped back against his pillows with a sigh. The heavy thuds continued as he managed to pull himself out of bed and trundled down the stairs on sleep-heavy legs, eyes burning with fatigue. He paused outside the plastic sheeting covering the entrance to the front room, the noise even louder now that he was at the source.
Dean had responded that he liked pancakes. A spastic chuckle bubbled past his lips, and it hurt his throat.
Cas usually always stayed in bed as long as Dean would tolerate it. In his cat-form he’d settle himself behind Dean right up against his ribs and purr like he had a motor in his chest, fur vibrating against Dean’s skin. In his human form, he took great pleasure in nearly scaring Dean out of bed, naked body wrapped in the sheets and a little too close to Dean for Dean’s comfort. Dean looked back at the mess of sheets, stained with sweat and come and Dean felt annoyance claw at the back of his neck. Dude was a sex demon; did Dean expect the standard morning-after etiquette? He snorted, reaching for his jacket.
Dean reached around Cas hip, grabbed a handful of his ass, and jerked him closer, feeling the other man’s dick brush against his naked thigh and the smear of wet ignited a different kind of screaming inside his head. He struggled to focus, tugging Cas’ ass cheek to part them, exposing his hole to the humid air and Cas’ eyelids fluttered.
“How... what... why? In my bed. Naked. What?” Dean managed to stutter, focusing on a crack in the ceiling when a cloud went over the moon, rendering everything to shadow.
“Well, I was hoping to apologize and make it up to you,” Dean’s whisper was a low rumble in his chest, the tip of his tongue tracing the shell of Castiel’s ear and Castiel’s entire body shivered in response. “What do you want, Cas?” Dean’s lips smudged the top of his spine before nosing at his hairline. “I’ll do all the work.”
“Oh…” He touched his throat again, noting the appreciation in his own voice with its feminine lilt, and Dean knew that sound, having pleased many women in his lifetime. He gasped as he felt a sharp tug in his lower stomach, similar to the one he got on in his balls right before he started to chub up.
Dean rolled his eyes before he thumped back against the counter. “Doc Holiday’s birthday is in August. So I lied about what the balloon was for to a stranger.” Dean gave a shrug. “Who cares?”
The unicorn balloon wafted over, its string trailing over the arm of the Lay-Z Boy, tickling at Cas’ whiskers so that the cat twitched awake. Dean huffed, grabbing the string and tucking it into the cushion as Cas stood and stretched before turning in a circle and flopping over, paws reaching for Dean’s shoulder. Dean started the show, turning the volume up when Cas’ purr became loud right behind his ear, wincing only every once in a while when claws broke through the fabric of his shirt as tiny paw kneaded his shoulder blade.
Dean looked around, his heartbeat ratcheting higher. He glanced at the floor, wiping away the sweat that suddenly sprung up on his lip. “Wh-when? How?”
Castiel gave a discontented grumble, unwrapping himself from Dean who pulled himself to his feet, grinning as he watched Castiel roll over and crawl sleepily across the mattress, flopping onto his stomach once his body was fully supported even if his legs were hanging off from his calves down. Dean reached over his head, pulling off his shirt for good measure and Castiel’s ear turned towards him at the sound of Dean's belt jingling.
The man guffawed at the lame joke, and inside, Dean felt himself preen under the attention. “Don’t mind Julie there. She’s jealous.”
“Perfect.” Dean tossed it around both their shoulders, fussing with it until they were cocooned inside the old army wool, their bounty spread on their laps. Dean leaned over and planted a wet kiss on Castiel’s cheek.
Winston shifted on his feet. “Sure. Sure. Who might you be, pretty lady.” Winston offered his hand to Sam, who eyed it for a minute before giving in to the social pressure of the handshake.
Dean blinked hard, watching Castiel’s lips twitch in the barest hint of a smile before turning serious again. Their hands met, fingers aligning, and Dean jumped as his sweaty, calloused palm met the smooth, dry skin of Castiel’s. They stood there for a beat, holding each other’s gaze while absolutely nothing happened.
Castiel gasped as Dean’s finger sunk to the knuckle, the rough pad of it brushing his prostate and the gurgle in Castiel’s throat would have been humiliating if his body wasn’t vibrating already.
Dean didn’t know what to say or why he was suddenly terrified. What if the programming won out? What if Cas forgot Dean? Dean’s jaw set, rage flowing through him like an electrical storm, and flames lit on his fingertips. He closed his fist and burned his palm, the pain allowing him to grab control and hold it. Dean could fix this. He rolled to his feet and stomped to the kitchen, pulling out various jars with dried herbs and pastes. He grabbed a bowl and began mixing, flitting back and forth to the herb garden, gathering fresh ingredients as he went. Forget-Me-Nots, Bergamot, and a little bit of anchelean chili paste to kick it into high gear.
as it hit Dean in the shoulder blade. Dean jumped, nearly dropping the sledgehammer as he spun, brows creased in confusion until his eyes landed on Cas. Castiel was convinced that the radiant smile that broke across Dean’s face when he saw him can’t be real, but there it was, lighting up his handsome face in a way that made warmth spread through Castiel’s chest.
,” Dean groaned, toes curling against the mattress as he pressed his hips hard into Castiel. “God I can’t move it’s too much.”
Dean chuckled and clapped him on the shoulder as he passed. When Dean looked at the visitor again, he was still smiling but felt it slowly melt from his face when he found the stranger focused on something over his shoulder. His eyes were an unsettling blue, and they tightened as his head tipped to the side, curious. Dean followed his gaze and landed on the balloon that now hovered just behind the desk at eye-level, the cartoon unicorn’s eyes seeming to stare back. Dean cleared his throat as he grabbed the string and tugged it back, maneuvering it over the credenza behind the desk.
A sudden spike in air pressure had Dean bringing both hands to his ears as they popped hard enough to hurt. He pressed gingerly against his lobe, feeling for wetness but he wasn’t bleeding. Rowena stood before him on the other side of the counter, looking disgruntled but her aura showed her apprehension.
“Yes. Of course,” Castiel replied immediately, simply. He held Dean’s face and watched the other man’s eyes go glassy, his Adam’s apple bobbing before he ducked his head to bury into Castiel’s neck.
“Can we just go back to the bunker, please?” Sam zipped her-his bag, and Dean sighed, throwing the blankets aside to spin himself out of bed. He was momentarily distracted by the long, elegant legs in front of him.
Rowena waved her hands at him, her smile strained. “It’s merely a formality. We’ll get into the details during the inquisition. How do you plead?”
Dean huffed as a pillow flew across the room and hit him on the back of the head. He merely grabbed it and shoved it under the other, settling in for sleep.
He jumped when he felt Castiel’s fingertips skim against the back of his wrist and the shiver that quaked through him had nothing to do with the chill. He looked up at Cas, finding that his eyes were beginning to glow as he held up a palm. It was instinct that made Dean press his own palm against it. There was no seal, but warmth began to climb from his fingertips up his arm, and it spread throughout his body. Dean was short of breath, the sound behind him loud and irritated his sore ears, power radiating against his back like a bonfire. Cas’ hand pressed harder, and Dean pushed back, receiving another wave of warmth through him, feeling it settle in his lower belly, tingle all the way down to his toes.
Winston laughed and, to Dean’s surprise, pulled him in closer. “What? I’m just gettin’ friendly. Don’t act like that’s not what you’re here for tonight.”
Zachariah’s brows lifted in mock surprise. “Oh, Winchester figured out on his own we were going to hijack his vessel?” Castiel heaved a sigh, glancing to the left. “How utterly astonishing especially given the fact that-“ Zachariah’s expression turned deadly, thunder rumbling in the distance, “-no one even knows that’s a possibility!”
Dean turned his head, not even startled to find a man walking beside him. He was taller than Dean, brown hair long enough to touch the collar of his plaid button-down. His was face all sharp angles whereas Dean’s was soft curves. The younger man shifted his gaze to look back at Dean, their eyes meeting and Dean had to look away.
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was muffled as Castiel redoubled his grip around his shoulders, ankles still locked at his lower back trapping him rather effectively. Dean sighed, his warm breath causing goosebumps to pebble up on Castiel’s neck. “At least lemme get my boots off.”
I definitely did not plan on this story turning into a 14 chapter behemoth but here we are. Thanks to everyone who's sticking with me and reviewing. I see them all and they always make my whole day. I'll get around to replying to them all I promise!
Sam huffed, doing that little hop he’d done ever since he was a kid when Dean wasn’t moving fast enough. “Like two hours ago, dude. I tried calling Rowena-“
Dean’s eyes were weary, tilting his head to glance at the man’s palm before slotting his hand into Castiel’s grip. As soon as their skin touched, it was as if they’d been sealed together, bodies jerking backward like the connection was simultaneously trying to blow them apart and hold them together. The air was electric, lights flickering and a gust of air from nowhere sent a carefully sorted stack of invoices fluttering around the room.
The pulse of adrenaline that tightened his pores broke over him like a wave as the giant cartoon eyes of the unicorn balloon peeked in at him. It attempted to nudge its way into the room, buoyed back by the door only to bump against it once more, finally squeezing in. Dean dropped his head, heaving a sigh and chuckling at himself before throwing the blanket back and swinging his feet over the side of the bed. He glanced at his alarm clock, seeing that it was a little after three a.m., and rubbed his face hard before standing and ambling around the bed towards the bathroom. He socked the ballon right in its stupid rainbow horn as he passed, and his fist left an indentation that made the unicorn look cross-eyed and somehow stern.
The cat sat waiting by the back driver’s side door while Dean approached, blue eyes tracking the man’s movement without impatience. Dean came to a stop at the driver’s side door, looking down as the cat craned its neck to look up at him. The cat looked expectantly at the car door and then back at Dean.
to the imagination and now, watching Cas sway heavy between his legs as he climbed out of the tub, Dean had to fight for coherency as mind-numbing lust seemed to set him ablaze.
“Astute observation there, genius.” Dean’s teeth nibbled just under Castiel’s shoulderblade, his amusement merely a warm puff of air against Castiel’s skin.
It was with slow, gentle undulations of his hips that Dean slowly became undone, the sensation of being filled to the brim, of Cas’ hands moving up and down his back. He could hear the half-demon’s breath becoming more labored, his voice beginning to pitch higher and Dean leaned back to look him in the face. Castiel’s eyes seemed to glow in the growing dawn and Dean wasn’t sure if it was something angelic or just a trick of the light. Dean lifted his lips a little higher and let them drop back down, the resulting sound of flesh meeting flesh making him shiver in pleasure so he did it again.
“I’m not gonna ask you again.” The threat was out of Dean’s mouth before he realized he was going to say it and his brows creased at the realization that Castiel had reacted before Dean’s threat had even passed through his mind.
Dean peeked over his shoulder and recognized a guy from town, not half bad looking for a dude. Dean gave him a smirk. “Hey yourself.”
When Dean began to roll his hips Castiel’s head fell back against his pillow, the sensation causing a full-body rush of pleasure to wash over his skin. Dean locked his arms on either side of Castiel’s shoulders, head hanging down over Castiel’s to watch his face and Castiel was mesmerized by the look in his eyes, lust drunk but focused solely on the task at hand.
“And I was able to- “Castiel’s fingers snagged air quotes, “‘-un-explode’ it.” He lifted his mug to his lips again. “And if I just happened to make an extra, well…” Castiel shrugged, “Accidents happen.” Dean rolled his eyes while Castiel drained his cup. “We have much to discuss, but we should begin with some centering exercises.”
Cas held up a hand, hissing sharply through his teeth as he cocked his head to the side, listening hard. His eyes met Dean’s after a moment, lips pressed into a thin line, and a speech bubble floated across his consciousness.
“-The fact that you’re hungry. Yes, Cas. I get it. You need to fuck.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Forgive me for giving a shit about your wellbeing.” They were quiet for a moment as Dean shifted under the covers. “So why’d they take you anyway? I need to know how outraged I need to be at the hearing.”
Team Free Will goes in search of the monster and the missing girl. They all learn a little more about their periods, much to Dean's dismay.
long. Dean couldn’t believe it but it felt warm and wide and slick, pushing deeper into his channel, hitting something inside him that lit every nerve ending on fire. His dick was pouring onto the sheets, hips rocking back and swiveling in tiny circles to match the rhythm of Castiel’s wicked tongue.
“Splendid.” Rowena beamed, sunshine yellow framing her head. “Your trial is set for the winter solstice, 7:30 a.m. Until that time, I will release you on your own recognizance-”
The descent into Hell had been a surprise but took less than five minutes. Dean was still short of breath and sweating by the time they reached the main chamber of the imperial palace. A dark hall that Dean felt was better suited for a high-fantasy novel than a parlor for the King of Hell stretched high overhead, but the throne was gone from the stone dais. Instead, six figures of varying ages and origins were seated behind a high bench curved around the room. The sorcerers stayed back to flank the door, and Rowena rounded the bench to take her seat at the center.
“Sisters huh?” Winston licked his lips, and Dean wanted to laugh but covered his mouth with his hand instead, catching sight of the waitress as she came over with his beer and another Jack Daniels for Winston. “I’m really into sisters right now.”
The sun was still only half risen and Dean’s hips were screaming but the kiss he planted on Castiel left nothing to the imagination. Castiel’s arms wrapped tight around Dean’s back, crushing their chests together, sealing them with the mess on their bellies. Dean pressed his cheek to Castiel’s shoulder, breathing in the scent of sweat and sex on his skin, eyes drifting to the alarm clock.
Dean actually hit his knees, hand reaching to catch himself on the hot stove and his scream of pain sent every drawer and cabinet in the kitchen flying open, refrigerator and all. Tears stung the corners of his eyes, as he pulled his wounded hand to his chest, fumbling with the cold water handle on the faucet. He closed his teeth on the growl of agony that speared him as he ran his violently red palm under the water, the skin already bubbling on the pads of his fingers and the heel of his hand.
Dean chuckled again, letting the rough stubble of his chin graze Castiel’s lower back, reveling in the small gasp and shiver it induced before straddling Castiel’s thighs and letting his lips whisper up Castiel’s spine. Castiel gave a soft moan as Dean’s body pressed his into the mattress, one hand reaching behind him and grabbing a handful of Dean’s naked ass. His head lifted.
“I don’t have a cat.” He looked down as cat’s tail wrapped around his forearm. Dean shook it off, scratching at his arm before he folded himself back under the hood. “Becky was out this morning, so there’s some invoices piled up, and the machine probably has messages.”
“Why’re you awake?” Dean shifted, trying to look at Cas over his shoulder, and caught a glimpse of blue out of the corner of his eye before he finally committed to turning over.
“Guess that’s just the demon in me.” Castiel’s eyes flashed black as he gave Zachariah a tight-lipped smile.
Dean looked up into Castiel’s face, blue eyes flaring under the headlights of a passing car before going dark. Dean had to resist the urge to shift closer. “Y-yeah, man. I’m good. Get… get offa me.”
A gasp tore from his throat, the sound of it almost delicate as he clamored up onto all fours and looked down at the dainty hands that were attached to thin wrists and small arms that held a particular whipcord strength. He immediately fumbled under his shirt, gasping as his palms closed around sizable breasts, nipples hardening instantly. He was a C-Cup easily. Delighted, he shoved a hand down his pants.
A low moan from the management office that Dean took as a sound of distress had Dean’s hands sparking, and the door blew off its hinges. Dean barged in, power thrumming dangerous and reckless through his veins, but what he found there seemed to pull the plug, fear and anger going dark as confusion and disbelief took over.
“Dean… Dean… please….” Castiel whimpered, not exactly sure what he was begging for but his hand slipped between them to grip his own leaking erection, giving it a sure stroke. “Don’t stop.”
“What happened?” Dean winced instantly, his voice echoing sharply, scratching and reverberating against his busted eardrums. He reached up as if to cover them, fingers skimming over blood, still slightly tacky on the side of his face.
They were silent for a moment, Castiel sipping from his mug, which looked nearly identical to Dean’s, even though he knew only had
Dean squinted at him. Did this guy just imply that… ew. Dean shook his head, taking a drink of his beer. Winston leaned into Sam’s personal space, and something inside Dean stood at attention.
“Are you ready?” Castiel asked and Dean glanced to his eyes, watching as Castiel took deep breaths in and out, mouth slightly parted as if scenting him but his eyes were returning to their more human shape and color.
“Oh fuck.” Dean hissed, arms spreading to grip either edge of the mattress, pressing his cheek into the pillow as Castiel gently worked that muscle deeper inside of him. “C-C-Cas…”
“Alright. Lemme get in some hours downstairs, and we can… do… whatever.” Dean flicked a hand, a thrill of nervousness washing in tingles over his skin. He wanted to believe that wasn’t him, but it definitely was.
A low moan rumbled between them and Dean felt his dick perk up then begin to harden as Cas’ warm hand closed around him. Dean let his head fall back, eyes blinking at the ceiling as his mouth fell open. His head tipped back down, staring at the space between them, pleasure trembling along his skin at the sight of those long, elegant fingers wrapped around him, twisting on the upstroke in a way that made Dean’s brain melt.
“People are staring,” Castiel murmured, eyes moving around them and noting a look of disgust on a few faces. Castiel fought a sense of shame at their disapproval but Dean only pulled him closer.
Silence followed her statement. Dean looked from her to the rest of the council, to the sorcerers behind him, and then back. “So…”
Sam grumbled, leaning over to click off the bedside lamp, and the room darkened, but the light thrown from the no vacancy sign outside kept everything visible but the corners. “What do you think we’ll look like?” Sam’s voice was quiet, apprehensive and Dean chuckled.
Dean heaved a sigh, his forehead thunking against Castiel’s. “You said you only do this with guys you trust.” Castiel nodded, blue eyes searching green. “You trust me?”
“You heard me.” Castiel turned his head back down, anticipation coiling in his stomach as he felt Dean fumble for the drawer on Castiel’s side of the bed.
Castiel’s legs locked around Dean’s hips and Dean let out a feral shout, hips pressing hard against Castiel before shoving his arms under Castiel's shoulderblades to hold him close. Dean's hips pumped quick and hard, Castiel feeling Dean’s release flood him as Castiel came messily between them.
Dean’s eyes widened, giving his head a sharp shake, grumbling something about never getting used to that. He went back to work, trying to ignore the fact that he was being watched and how his airways were slowly clogging up or closing, but something kept niggling at him. The cat’s tail was twitching where it curled around its feet, an irritating motion that kept activating his primal instinct to look for danger.
“I could make you come like this…” Castiel sighed and Dean shivered, eyes rolling back in his head as Cas’ tongue snaked its way back inside him.
“Does he though?” Dean squinted over at his brother, his voice going high with doubt and one side of Sam’s lips tipped up.“He’s not even a real Familiar he’s half-demon, half-angel.”
He was in the kitchen, the smell of gas strong as he stood over the stove, all burners on, but the pilot light was out, oven door wide open. He reached into his pocket, fingers closing over the zippo that had been his father’s. Dean flipped open the cap, the pad of his thumb feeling at home against the flint wheel before he applied pressure.
“What are you?” Dean demanded, feeling the warmth of Castiel’s skin (not a glamour) and the thrum of a pulse under his thumb (not dead).
He was suddenly hacking and coughing, limbs flailing, but a firm hand cradled his neck, thumb and forefinger pressed hard into his skull as the plastic mouthpiece was forced past his lips again. Cas fired the trigger, sending more of the medicine into Dean’s lungs. Dean inhaled hard, chest suddenly on fire, throat aching, and he coughed for what felt like an eternity, gut cramping from the force of it until it finally subsided, leaving him sweating and exhausted, forehead leaning against Castiel’s chest.
Castiel was quiet for a moment. “I relay your progress in our training sessions and your day-to-day activities.” Castiel’s hand tightened in Dean’s hair, tugging just enough to tingle. “I express how it’s utterly impossible to predict your decisions or movements even with access to your mind.”
“I know what it is.” Dean’s eyes cut hatefully to the saggy-eared Warlock. He held the glare for a moment before he blinked his eyes to Castiel, who was looking back at him stoically. Dean’s eyes swept the table, a mixture of auras intact and distorted, impossible to get an accurate read, but Dean found he didn’t need it; all seemed pleased with the idea. “I don’t need a pet.”
“Oh this is my sister. Samantha.” Dean smirked when Sam’s head whipped to glare at him. “And this is Cas.” Dean jutted his thumb at Castiel again, who gave a slow nod of acknowledgment then brought this beer to his lips, never taking his eyes off Winston.
Dean stumbled backward at the sound of rushing water, Castiel rising from the tub and Dean had been wrong. The water had left a
Dean plopped down onto the bale next to him, hands full of treats which he promptly started handing over to Castiel. “That’s cast iron brewed hot chocolate, a state fair favorite. I got a candied apple to share - shut up and take at least one bite, I know you don’t like apples but humor me here - kettle corn, some taffy, and of course,” Dean dipped a hand into his jacket, producing a beat-up old flask, “some ‘shine to keep us warm.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows and Castiel rolled his eyes, but a smile was tugging at his lips. “You got the blanket from the car right?”
Sam scowled at him. “We aren’t in our twenties anymore, Dean. Your Amber Herd fantasy is likely not happening.”
“-Dean Winchester is still an untrained, volatile witch prone to outbursts of magical violence.” Cato gestured at his ear and looked to each side of the bench. “He’s a loose cannon. Sam at least had some kind of leash on him-”
Dean shifted uncomfortably and faced forward again, eyes flicking to the rearview mirror where Castiel’s eyes held his. He felt a pulse of anxiety, and once again, a soothing calm seemed to shoo it away. Dean frowned.
Jack Kline stood in the doorway between the front office and the garage, the air around him a pale buttery yellow with waves of turquoise throughout. He grinned “When did you get a cat?”
Dean felt irritation at the base of his spine, not his though Zachariah’s voice was beginning to become an irritant in and of itself.
Castiel squinted into the dying light, the autumn sunset nearly blinding from where he sat on one of many hay bales spaced out around Lebanon's townsquare. Children squealed as they ran around him, chasing each other with bubble wands, their faces painted with pumpkins or maple leaves or done up like scarecrows. Other adults watched amused, snacking on fresh kettle corn or apple cider on their own hay bales nearby. The wind kicked up and mutual
Dean huffed and ran a hand through his hair. “They never gave a shit about me before! I’m basically just a green thumb on steroids.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, fists in his armpits. “Sam was the real Harry Potter. Ran off to the Assembly Academy and danced naked under the full moon with all the other weirdos at 18. Dad was
He didn’t even get the word out, the bedroom door flying open as Cas disappeared into a black shape darker than the darkness around him. Hands tight as steel bands wrapped around Dean’s wrists and clamped down on the scruff of his neck. There was no point in struggling, but Dean did anyway, wrenching bruises into his own skin and the crinkle of mylar as the balloon was batted between the two assailants, string still wrapped around his forearm. Dean could feel the energy reversing through his body, gathering at the base of his spine, and he went still, closed his eyes.
Dean felt a surge of anger, and his fingers sparked. He snapped them quickly, looking down at his hand with a furrowed brow. “As I told you before, I am
“I spend a lot of time in my animal form, yes. Sleeping in it is preferable, especially in close quarters.”
Dean’s fingers were sparking as he sat in the Lay-Z boy, his body pulled tight as a bowstring. Three days. Castiel had been gone for three entire days and as the sun began to sink below the horizon it looked like he was going to be gone for three entire nights as well. The Grand Coven was dragging its feet; Dean just knew it, but Rowena insisted that a full investigation was being conducted.
“What happened to the Familiar follows the Caster’s orders? Huh?” Dean’s voice was gruff, and Castiel blinked at him. “I told you not to set foot outside this apartment!”
Castiel’s voice was measured when he began to speak. “Because there’s a bigger picture here. I see it. Your brother saw it.”
“But-” Jack was cut off by a shrill ring from the very back of the shop, muted by the thin wall separating the garage from the front office. Jack shook his head. “I dunno how you do that, man, but it’s freaky.”
“I keep dreaming about this,” Dean muttered against Castiel’s shoulder and Castiel folded his arms to rest his forehead against them, canting his hips back enough to allow Dean to slip between his cheeks. Dean made a weak noise in the back of his throat, head thunking between Castiel’s shoulder blades.
Dean was in the basement tucked back behind the dryer when he heard Castiel’s voice calling his name. His heart thudded hard against his ribcage and he knew he needed to get it together.
A sharp thwack from the corner turned both their heads, finding an old shop broom now on the floor. Dean swallowed, and Castiel hummed, gently twisted his wrist from Dean’s grip. “Company’s coming…”
OKay good news here is that this is FINISHED and I'm going to be posting the rest of it over the next few days as it's edited. Thank you to everyone who is still with me after the unexpected hiatus on this fic. I got royally stuck on the ending but it's all worked out now. I hope that it will be worth the wait.
“Careful,” Dean chided with no heat whatsoever, tugging on the collar of the white shirt, trying to unearth the cat from its pile of clothes.
“Cas?” His voice was barely a whisper and Castiel’s gaze moved from the middle distance to Dean’s. Castiel blinked.
“Dean… Dean… oh god… Dean.” Castiel exposed his throat, head digging back into the mattress as he felt his stomach begin to clench with the sensation of release that had nothing to do with his dick. He could tell it was going to be explosive, limbs already tingling and when Dean’s lips pressed to his pulse point and sucked hard Castiel went rigid, a hoarse shout ripping from his throat as his dick leaked between them, pooling into his belly button and smudging between Dean's hip bones.
Castiel’s voice was brimstone and fire, and Dean glanced over, seeing his eyes glowing electric blue in the dim light of the dashboard. Sam gulped and put her foot back on the gas, speeding up.
Castiel waved a disinterested hand and rolled his eyes, picking up the mug again to swallow another mouthful. Dean scooped the last of his eggs into his mouth, chewing as he dropped the plate in the sink before he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against the counter again, leveling his eyes on Castiel.
Dean’s eyes bugged as he felt rough fingertips whisper across the back of his thigh beneath the hem of his dress and then actually begin to move
Grabbing onto the shirt with its teeth, the small cat used all of its body weight to pull the cloth backward, towards Dean. Dean watched in amusement as it was dropped on the toe of his boot, the cat sitting down on the cobblestone beside it and looking up at Dean with expectant blue eyes.
Dean turned back toward the shop, tentatively stretching outward, trying to sense her aura but was overtaken almost immediately by an insatiable lust. A hand shot out to catch himself on the workbench as he stumbled, blood surging to his groin so fast he ended up dizzy and forced himself to snap back, fortify his mind. Something wasn’t right. His steps were quick and silent, moving towards the door to the lobby and found it empty, but Becky’s purse was on the counter.
Winston let out a guffaw, his arm tightening around Dean’s waist and well… if that’s the way the guy wanted it. Dean brought his elbow down and flung it out like a chicken wing in an attempt to fling the man’s arm off, but it seemed that this wasn’t Winston’s first rodeo. He didn’t budge, arm tightening around Dean’s waist and pulled him flush against him. Dean’s hands planted against his chest, and he pressed with all his strength, but the man didn’t move. Finally, he reared back and head-butted the guy right in the face.
Castiel gave him an unamused stare. “Would you mind extending that to the edges of the property? If there’s a fire, I’d rather not burn alive.”
The unicorn balloon, which had been hovering near the window, gusted toward the kitchen as the heat kicked on, seeming to trail Dean into the space. Castiel thought he heard Dean mumble something that sounded like “She’s fine; I’ll tell you later” as he opened the cabinet above the fridge. Dean pulled down a glass jar of what appeared to be loose leaf tea and scooped some into one of those mini-envelopes that keys come in. His mouth was set in a grim line as he advanced back into the living room.
Dean blinked. “We do bodywork, yeah?” He crossed his arms over his chest, shifting on his feet as he straightened to his full height. “You got a body that needs fixed?” Dean gave him a once over for good measure and tried to ignore the fact that he liked what he saw.
