“Why, Steven,” Tony begins teasingly, “you’re going to propose to me in the middle of a sidewalk?”
It’s Ty. Good old Tiberius Stone smelling of cigar smoke, whiskey, and toxic waste.
Something warm covers his hand. Once, it would’ve brought him comfort. But all Tony feels is the endless pit of despair.
Tony doesn’t bother finishing his sentence, fearing the images that’ll come to mind if he does.
“Asshole,” Tony mutters, spinning on his heel. “Fine. Be like that. Whatever. Good talk. Now shoo. I have—”
“A dance?”
lie to you.”
“Still. You found me, Tony,” he counters. “You rescued me from being potentially struck by an asteroid.”
Of course. It all makes sense now, dressing him up as if he’s going on some date or—
It takes a while to get Tony’s door open. Unsurprising, considering the predicament he’s in.
Tony pauses, blinking as if he was lost in thought. “Huh?”
“It’s fine. You don’t have to—” Tony cuts himself off, his mouth moving before his brain could stop it. “You think it’s weird?”
“Please don’t call me Clint—”
“You guys broke up and yet here you are, pathetically defending—”
She sighs. “If only I have your lack of determination.”
The day his parents got into an accident and died.
Tony groans, his cheeks darkening. “Now you’re making me regret it.”
Tony isn’t in the mood for mischief and challenges.
They disappear before Steve could get to them.
This time, however, Steve volunteered willingly to accompany Tony, much to his surprise and puzzlement. Steve had been tight-lipped about his reasons, like the asshole he is.
Steve’s frown deepens. “Am I not good enough? Do I have to—”
The speed at Tony whips his head around is absolutely comical, even more when his eyebrows start climbing up his forehead.
Tony cocks an eyebrow. “Storm? I’ve never gone out with Ororo before. You know what? If things go south—”
“Why not?” Clint whines.
Steve sighs, running his fingers through his hair. “Sorry. I just— I’m sorry.”
“You.”
On one of his drinking binges, he meets him.
“Thank you,” Tony begins, “for saving me.”
It’s genuine and warm and full of love, the kind one directs at someone who holds their world in their hands. Never before has Steve seen Tony look at anyone that way. Not even towards Rhodey and Pepper.
The first time they go out on a date since their fake engagement is to their usual haunt – a cinema downtown and the diner a block away.
Even in the dark, there's no mistaking Steve's dilated pupils or his cock hardening under him and god, Tony wants him so fucking much. He wants him for the rest of his life.
A lump forms in Tony’s plastic throat. “Yeah.”
“Or you could just—”
thoughts?”
“No problem.” She holds out a hand across the island. “Carol.”
He feels Thor nudge his side.
A deep growl tumbles out of Steve’s lips. “Oh for crying—”
Tony looks relieved at that, his lips curl upwards. “I don't have a brother so I can't really say,” he snorts. “But I get you. I get that shit all the time with Rhodey.”
He scowls, ignoring the way his heart leaps at the touch. “You’re gonna make dumb comments about me
“Of course not!”
Maybe it is meant to be. Maybe Tony isn’t meant for Steve. For all he knows, Steve found someone to kiss, someone he genuinely likes, someone who isn’t a total disaster.
Usually, he talks about how classes are both dull and challenging, the friends he has in Rhodey and Jan, that he feels freer than he’s felt.
“As long as you don’t plan on going on dates with Storm again.”
Natasha’s lips tug to one side. “I asked you first.”
Tony pauses. “You’re
Barnes who Steve loves.
Hank’s lips quirk to the side. “I’d hug you if you weren’t wearing your armor.”
Of course. Why did he think that Tony would side with someone who isn’t his girlfriend? Steve may be one of his best friends, but Carol? Carol is more than that.
It’s a sweet lie.
“Still can't take any form of gratitude, huh.”
Tony learns Tall, Blond, and Beautiful has a name – Steve Rogers.
Right?
Steve frowns, his eyes roaming, searching. Probably for a lie. Tony lets him. He has nothing else to hide.
“Okay.”
“You know,” Tony says as he twirls strands of pasta noodles with his fork. “I was at Sarah’s funeral.”
“Go where?” Steve asks as he does as he's told.
“Sorry for the tardiness,” Tony says. He juts his thumb in Natasha’s direction. “Blame her for the holdup.”
Maybe when he was weak and fragile, Tony would’ve welcomed those arms, would’ve let Ty push all the alcohol into Tony’s hands, would’ve let Ty pull him into the nearest bathroom stall to suck him off.
“Come back to me,” Tony murmurs when he’s calmer. “Please. Just— I can’t. I need you, Steve. I can’t—”
“Huh. Well. Congrats, I guess.”
But that’s no one’s fault but his. He was naïve enough to believe there’s someone who would stay with him. Like he thought Sunset would. Or Whitney. Or Ty. Or Steve.
“One!”
Sure, Steve’s thought about it over the years, thought about it the moment he laid eyes on Tony, came up with various scenarios on how it’d go down, what they’ll say, what they’ll do.
So of course being the tactful man he is, Steve handles this new revelation with much grace.
Natasha looks contemplative for a moment. “How do you know that?”
At that moment, all Steve wants is to rush over. To drop to his knees and beg for forgiveness. For being an idiot for letting him go. For being an idiot for not telling him how much Tony meant to him. For letting Howard tear them apart even though he was right about Steve.
He has to admit, Natasha has outdone herself this time, putting him in a black vest over a cobalt blue dress shirt with slacks and high-tops. Steve feels both comfortable and out of his element at the same time.
“But—”
“God no!”
This can’t be happening. At all. This
Their journey takes them to the very first place they met. Not as Captain America and Iron Man, but Steve Rogers and Tony Stark.
“He definitely does.”
“Okay, fine. It’s hard not to ignore the smell of apple pie and—”
Alone.
“I know,” Tony replies, his nerves getting the better of him. “I know this isn’t really your scene—”
Nothing much happens. Nothing that he can really recall. All he remembers are the neon lights and the pulsating beats and the drinks. Fruity drinks. Spicy drinks. Drinks that burn. Drinks that make him light-headed.
Tony softens. “Yeah?”
“Don’t break my heart,” Tony whispers. “It’s been through a lot.”
“I have all the time in the world,” Tony cuts in, his insides turning into goo at the smile that’s spreading across Kamala’s lips. “Hit me.”
“Well,” Tony begins next to him, cutting through Steve’s thoughts, “since we’re gonna die anyway, you have any… I don’t know… Last confessions?”
He pauses.
At some point, Steve excuses himself to the bathroom, pecking Tony on his cheek before taking his leave. Reed Richards takes his place.
“We shall wait for your return and hope for the news of your impending nuptials—”
He glances around, blearily blinking as he takes in the pile of blankets and tangle of limbs. The credits are rolling on the screen. Carefully, he turns the television off, pulls the covers aside, and quietly shuffles away.
Sharon throws her head back and laughs. “Let it not be said that Steve Rogers doesn’t do anything half-assed.”
It also leaves Tony wanting to run and hide. Escape. Forget.
Steve scowls. “I’m sure it’s not that great.”
worried about you.”
Steve starts, burying his face in his hands as his cheeks begin to burn. “
“No problem,” she says like it’s not an honor to provide Tony with coffee.
“Tell him what?”
Tony frowns. “She’s nice. Quiet. Better when Dad’s not around.”
“Nope. Katie.”
To be fair, today's their anniversary. The occasion is basically screaming for cologne and hairspray.
Even Tony seems to think so. He slides into his usual seat between Steve and Natasha the day after his date with Bobbi, pulling a plate of omelet towards him.
does. Even if there’s a part of him that’s still fuming over her betrayal, (and yes, he has to remind himself every now and then that they’re toys and not their movie characters) he’d rather have Rhodey or Pepper, or Carol, or Peter to talk to about this. Maybe even Sam, despite the fact that Sam’s been spending most of his time ranting about how much of a fraud Freud (haha, fraud. Freud) is, nowadays (thanks, Miles’ parents). He’d definitely take that rant over this.
Tony barely registers the voice calling his name. He should roll over, get out of bed, and check. It could be an emergency. Hell, maybe the apartment’s on fire or they’re in the midst of being robbed.
The man who pushes Tony against the bathroom stall. The man who pulls him into the nearest taxi. The man who fucks him into the mattress.
Surprisingly, it’s Bruce who gives Steve a light tap on the knee, briefly snapping him out of his brief funk.
Miles doesn’t get to finish his sentence before a girl from the back of the class jumps to her feet and lets out a loud, “You’re wrong!”
And just like that, Steve’s heart breaks into two.
The doors open. He turns to leave, to run and hide and—
to talk. But Tony’s tired, miserable, and pathetically in love with someone who doesn’t love him back. And if this is going to be the first and last time Tony could have Steve Rogers like this, he’s going to savor it.
Tony’s about to drag Steve up to his feet when a flash of light stills him.
Four pairs of eyes stare right back in blatant judgment.
Next time, he’ll do the ordering.
Tony follows Steve’s line of sight, pointed towards a small glimmer coming out from the cracks on the sidewalk. Steve edges closer, getting down on one knee to pick it up.
Tony groans. Nothing good comes out of that.
“I’d never kid about something like that. Ever.” Steve’s thumb brushes the back of Tony’s palm. “All the things I said tonight? Everything I said was true. Is true. I did fall in love with you the moment we met. Your eyes were the first thing I saw and I remembered thinking, ‘Wow, he’s beautiful’. You showed me everything about the world today. You were my anchor when I felt like drowning then. You still are. You make me laugh in a way no one else ever had. How could I not fall in love with you?”
It’ll take some time, a lot of time, but Tony’s sure he could get used to being held this way, being loved this way.
God, those muscles and that stupid tank top are going to be the death of Steve.
Tony drops his hands tentatively, meeting his eyes, and fuck, they’re so blue. They’re so blue and so clear and so inviting and goddamn if Tony doesn’t want to throw caution to the wind and jump in.
“I’m actually not surprised,” Tony says, taking another swig from his whiskey glass. “This place seems right up Thor’s alley. I mean, it isn’t every day an Asgardian god pops into your bar. You gotta have to commemorate the moment somehow.”
Steve bristles. The less he thinks of that, the better. “She just got lucky.”
“Steve.”
Steve tries his best to stop his heart from further breaking as he ducks down to grab an envelope. He should be glad that Tony adores it. That’s what matters, after all. It’s why he made the card in the first place.
Sometimes, it’s easy, like they’ve done this before. Then again in some way, they have. Even before the fake engagement, Steve and Tony have been inseparable. Steve would spend most of his time down in Tony’s workshop, talking about everything and nothing. They’d make time to visit galleries and museums, head to the cinema every week, have brunch, lunch, and dinner, and everything in between at every restaurant they could find.
He walks away and doesn’t look back.
It’s been a long time since Tony’s felt this embarrassed, flattered, and thrilled. Compliments from Steve isn’t new for Tony. He and the rest of the Avengers have been on the other end of it one too many times before.
Steve arches an eyebrow. “Don’t we have—”
“I’m fine,” Steve replies gruffly, raising his fists.
Tolkien. But he'll sit through the whole trilogy with me. For me. He did that eight times this month.”
“Who said AIs can’t be biased?” Clint counters.
“Uh huh. Sure, you weren’t.” He claps Steve on the shoulder. “Come on. I’m craving blueberry pie. Let’s go get blueberry pie.”
“He’s a Steve,” she points out.
Tony shrugs his shoulders. “Hulk and Thor swung by and ate everything up as soon as you left.”
Sometimes, his friends forget. They slip his name in conversations. The places he’s been to. The things he’s been up to. How happy they make each other.
eyes.
And that’s how they wind up at their usual diner with their usual order that for some reason, is doubled. It’s usually only doubled for one reason and one reason alone.
“Oh.”
Tony drops his hand at that. “What?”
Tony downs a bottle of whiskey, disassembles and reassembles a couple of cars, goes out to a bar, and returns home with four people on his arm.
And that's fine. Totally fine. It's a long time coming, after all.
Tony couldn’t help but huff at that. “You’re an idiot.”
“No!” someone yells.
“Good.” Steve gives Tony's palm a light squeeze. “You want to invite the rest of the Fantastic Four over? I’m feeling like showing my guy off.”
“The most,” Tony replies, his voice muffled by Steve’s shoulder. “And we’re gonna have more fun, so unless you wanna—”
“Of course,” he replies. “So, what’s your special someone like?”
Tony does a double-take. “Hold up. Is that the same week you couldn’t come to class and missed midterms?”
“Don’t be stupid. It’s big enough for the both of us.”
Steve is perfectly content with keeping up with the charade, sticking by Tony’s side and openly holding his hand and nuzzling his cheek and looking at Tony as if he’s his whole world.
As soon as he’s off the dance floor, he sprints out of the ballroom, making a beeline for the nearest vacant balcony. He’s pretty sure Pepper would have his head for hiding. He’s done it one too many times before. He wouldn’t be surprised if she’ll show up behind him and haul him back inside by the collar. Right now though, he couldn’t give a shit.
And that's when the gravity of everything comes crashing down.
Her lips curl upwards. “You’re a Tony Stark. He’s a Steve Rogers. You guys are meant to be, whether it’s friendship or romance or whatever. So stop ignoring him, because the next time Steve comes to me whining about how gone you are for Kamala’s Endgame Steve, I’ll steal all of his hands. And I know how much you like his hands.”
“Okay, I think he got the message,” Tony interrupts, tugging Steve by the sleeve and dragging him away. “See you later, Hammer. Toodles!”
“Nope. Not weird,” Bruce replies firmly and that’s the end of it.
Finally getting Howard’s dumb rivals off his back
an image I’d love to see.”
Tony blinks. “You’re joking.”
Like most shenanigans of this sort, it happens on a Tuesday.
Tony ignores the jab, placing his hands behind his head. “The point is, I’m not in love with him. At all.”
Tony freezes. It’s only then Steve realizes that his hands are resting on Tony’s shoulders. He pulls away quickly, hastily apologizing as he buries them in his jeans' pockets.
Tonight, he isn’t Iron Man or a member of the Avengers. Neither is he Tony Stark the inventor, the genius, the friend.
“I was,” Tony admits after a wordless puff. “For a while. But then I figured it’d be hypocritical of me.”
Well… Well.
Tony’s down on one knee and pulling out a box.
“Hey, I’m trying to list all the reasons why you’re amazing and why anyone would be lucky to have you. Don’t interrupt me.”
“Raincheck,” Tony says, staving off the emotions building up inside him. “You’re still in town on Friday?”
“Such a gentleman,” Tony teases. “Ditching a party for dick.”
Finally, Tony breaks the tension, his eyes flickering down as he sighs heavily. “Steve— You… You don’t—”
“You don’t call Carol ‘Cap’,” Steve interrupts and god, he needs to stop talking right now before he messes things up even more. Somehow, his mouth seems to be on auto-pilot.
He ruined everything. Him and his stupid,
Tony’s jaw clamps shut.
“That’s so corny,” he says, striding to catch up.
Steve’s gaze falls on him. He’s already dressed down in a tank top and shorts. Tony does his best to avert his gaze.
“A month ago.”
“Sure. I’m down.”
“What makes you think so?”
That’s when he notices Steve’s getup – a dress shirt that brings out the silver in his eyes, slacks, and a pair of ankle socks. His typical tousled hair is slicked back. Tony’s pretty sure it’s gelled.
Thor agrees between mouthfuls of cereal. Steve just sighs.
He’s not surprised at the endearment. He’s heard Tony call lots of people ‘sweetheart’, including the waitresses at the diner they often frequent.
“So, what are you guys talking about?” she asks. “Did we miss anything?”
Reed cocks an eyebrow. Tony forgets that Reed knows him way too well. He both loves and hates him for that.
“No,” he says against Steve’s lips. “I— I love you too. I’ve been in love with you for a long time too.”
“How did you find me?” he blurts out as he sets a mug of coffee in front of her.
“I doubt they’re all amazing—”
“You definitely do,” Steve interrupts, a little too earnest than Tony deems necessary. “You look beautiful.”
It’s nothing special, a simple drawing of Ma and him holding hands in a park.
He blinks, his smile flickering. “I mean, only if you want to. You don’t—”
Tony bobs his head, stabbing into his hash browns. “Good. Good.”
Steven Grant Rogers who broke his heart into a million pieces all those years ago.
Bruce shrugs. “Pepper helped out.”
“I know,” Steve replies softly, drawing him closer to press their foreheads together. “You always come for me. No matter what. You would’ve found me eventually.”
Clint sighs, shaking his head. “So much for finally getting your head out of your ass—”
“Woah, hold up,” Tony interrupts, waving his hand. “It sounds like you’re taking me to Asgard.”
“You don’t know how much I wanted to kiss you tonight,” Steve murmurs against his lips. He moves to caress Tony’s cheek with his other hand, stroking gently. “And every single day and night before.”
And yet, he can’t stop himself from smiling back because he’s a weak man with a weak heart.
“Hey, Reed,” Steve says, showing up out of nowhere. “Mind if I steal my fiancé for a dance?”
Howard finds out Tony’s been sending Steve letters. He puts a stop to it. Tony explodes the Chemistry lab. He gets expelled.
It’s poetic, he thinks, that the great Tony Stark – millionaire, genius, inventor, adventurer – has finally been bested by his hubris and his heart. Many people would even say that he deserves it.
All of a sudden, the room feels so much warmer, tempting Tony to pull his blazer off his shoulders. Or Steve’s.
, Steve thinks sulkily.
“It can’t be as embarrassing as me,” Tony replies. “I was trying to get you alone all night. So I could kiss you when the ball drops.”
“Oh, I—”
“God no. You’re the best I’ve ever had,” Tony blurts out, startling the both of them.
Steve’s breath catches at the compliment.
“Come back,” he whispers as the man with the hammer rips the and Janet van Dyne presses her lips to Tony’s.
Tony grins. “Yeah. It was fun. Jen’s just as fun as the last time we—” He blanches, his eyes darting away. “I mean—”
“I won’t,” Steve insists like the dumbass he is. “Like I said before, we’ve gotten this far.”
Steve fingers the paper napkin in his hands, nipping bits off one by one. “You know the scepter— You know how it messed with us. I would never—”
“Tony?”
“Hey. Friendly competitions are how we let loose,” Clint says, clapping Tony on the shoulder. “We’ll relax your way when we settle this. So come on, chop-chop!”
“You know,” Tony waves a hand. “Seeing us… You know…”
“Carol—”
“Already with the questions, Rogers?”
If Tony’s here, he’d insist on pineapples because apparently, that’s how people eat pizzas these days. Then, Steve would argue and say that pineapples don’t belong on pizzas. Tony would roll his eyes and accuse him of being unadventurous, that Steve should—
She falters. “What?”
Steve nods.
Tony reaches out, curling his fingers around Steve’s wrist, putting a stop to his escape. Fortunately for him and his hand, Steve doesn’t fight him off.
Throughout the whole spiel, Steve’s ears are a bright shade of red. Tony lets himself indulge, lets himself wonder if everything Steve is saying is a lie.
“You know,” Tony begins. “We’ve had a lot of memories here. Like the time Odin brought Mangog with him. Good times.”
“Did I? I still inherited dear old dad’s—”
Steve’s lips tug to the side, eyeing him with hope. “I mean, I’m guessing you feel the same way too? Hopefully? I mean—”
Tony laughs, his cheeks heating. “I really don’t want anyone running in to find out that my heart rate spiked because Captain America’s making out with me. Later, maybe.”
“Uh yeah. But it’s not exactly…” Tony pauses, rubbing the back of his neck. “You’re free tomorrow, right?”
Tony doesn’t realize they’ve fallen into their usual banter until their food arrives. Then again, it’s always been easy between them, between Steve and Tony.
“Hey,
Steve had entertained the thought of gifting the card to Tony on Monday. Not face-to-face, no. He would’ve popped over to school earlier than usual and slip it through the side of Tony’s locker like a coward.
“Absolutely not.”
Steve nods, his gaze dropping down to his wringing gloved hands. “True. But, I mean, that would be hypocritical of me too.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “It’s nothing. Don’t be such a worrywart. Take it from me. Frowning will age you—”
“I had to,” Steve says, his face blazing. “I mean, have our first kiss. And last kiss before we get engaged.”
But since Steve’s scrawny and little, he has to fight off the urge to punch Howard in the face and not to show his heart breaking in two.
Steve kisses him in response.
Tony gets shipped off to a boarding school on a dreary Saturday morning.
Their date isn’t anywhere fancy, just their favorite diner on the outskirts of Manhattan. The interesting thing Steve noticed throughout the whole night is that it feels exactly like every other dinner they’ve gone out to, just the two of them. They'd always be chatting and bickering, making plans for after and next time, and stealing food off each other’s plates.
“Well, let’s just say that your present isn’t finished yet. I’ll give it to you tomorrow.”
“Khakis are disgusting—”
No wait, of course he’s sure. They’re dating, after all. Of course, she’d kiss him and of course, Tony would blush and of course—
“For my first Christmas since the forties, he booked the Met for the day. It was the first time I really wanted to kiss him.”
“Missed home, is all. Thought I’d check in with Tony while I’m here.”
“Hey. It’s not my fault you were picturing it in your head.”
His mother mimes zipping her mouth before returning to her task.
“Did he?”
When junior prom rolls around, they ditch the whole thing to huddle at Tony’s. Tony shows Dum-E, a robot he drunkenly created, off. Dum-E ends up dumping motor oil in Steve’s smoothie. Steve and Tony spend the rest of the night laughing and falling asleep on each other.
Tony doesn’t notice him, too transfixed on the painting in front of him. It’s a mixed media, watercolor and oil pastel and took Steve a week to finish. Tony’s in his armor with his helmet in his grasp as he sits on the edge of a building, staring up into the night sky.
“Sure,” Tony replies cheerfully, his eyes dropping down to the array of food scattered around their table, most of them Steve’s. “You totally don’t eat more than usual when you’re upset. Nope. No sirree.”
But he needs this, needs this distraction. Needs to forget.
Just the two of them.
He lets out a grunt, moving to cover his ears with his pillow. “Ugh, go away.”
“Not that. Although that has cropped up pretty often. I mean, us. Having an anniversary for our friendship. Like, who does that?”
Yet somehow, warming up to Steve Rogers has to be the most bizarre experience he’s ever had.
Her husband smiles as he holds his hand out. “It is wonderful to see you again.”
“It’s not. I just…” He crosses his arms across his chest. “Look, I’m fine. I’ve gotten hurt over worse. You do know the serum would’ve healed me in a jiffy, right?”
“I’m fine,” Tony cuts him off. “It’s nothing. You just startled me, is all.”
“Just sit—”
The smile he sends Tony’s way leaves a warmth in his chest like it always seems to do. He hates it so, so much.
Tony barks a laugh. “That is pretty good. I can see why it’s your favorite.”
Steve shakes his head. “If I was on the run, I would’ve shaved my hair off. Or maybe dye my hair blue or something.”
“B—Boyfriend?” Hammer splutters.
Steve lets him scream at him. Lets him stomp his feet. Lets him tell him what a fucking idiot he is, that he’s going to get himself killed, that—
“What about Carol?” Steve blurts out.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Very funny. I hope you’re not taking me to an open mic performance. It’ll be embarrassing for the both of us.”
Tony almost spits out his coffee.
“I mean, if the movie's—”
So he does what he does best.
Thor nods solemnly, grabbing a bite from his Pop-Tart. “I dare say, I must agree with Clinton—”
He shrugs. “Never did.”
“Because they’re not my friends,” Tony replies, visibly exasperated. He combs his fingers through his hair, messing it up. Steve almost crumples to his knees. Steve has always been weak for messy haired Tony Stark.
“You’re right,” Steve breathes against his lips when they break apart. “I don’t get to do that. That’s why I—”
“JARVIS, if you think of—”
That’s the last conversation he remembers sharing with her. Because suddenly her lips are on his and her hands are in his hair and his are under her shirt trailing higher and higher and—
“Yeah. I mean, you finally know my secret room now. Might as well make yourself comfortable and stuff.”
want to be there when Hulk goes on a rampage.” Tony shakes his head, shoving another mini fruit tart between his lips. “And don’t get me started on the renovations and damages I had to pay for. I think I had to beg the board members to not make me drop the Avengers.”
But the thing is, he would rather not eat pineapple pizza for the rest of his life if it meant having Tony on the loveseat next to him, have their heads bent together as they chat and laugh and ignore everything and everyone.
“You?”
Tony leaned forward, his gaze searching and then finally stopping. “Oh.”
He could feel Steve tracking Tony’s movements as he pulls out another cigarette. This time, he doesn’t offer to light it.
Steve turns a bright shade of pink.
It’s one thing to set Tony up on a blind date, but to set Tony up on a blind date with himself? This could go three ways – either Tony gets mad and turns Steve down, Tony feels sorry and turns Steve down, or maybe, just maybe Tony reciprocate Steve’s feelings.
But then he remembers that Steve’s from the Infinity War line and Tony’s from Civil War and pushes his thoughts away. Steve is stubborn. Steve would think he’s lost his mind.
you. I’m in love with you for a very long time now. So, no. No, I don’t want to forget about it.” He pauses, the fear creeping back in his eyes. “Unless you do, which is—”
Not even Tony’s ass in those tight, tight jeans could distract him from Tony wrapping his arms around Bobbi’s waist as she revs the engine. He could only flash them a hesitant wave as they tear down the road.
They hold each other’s gazes for an awkward moment that freezes and stretches longer than it should. A part of Tony itches to reach over. To touch. Feel. Taste. But then he remembers – Steve? Infinity War. Tony? Civil War.
“Okay, fine,” Steve amended. “But that’s because you haven’t gotten any sleep in two days.”
“Someone kill me—”
Steve snorts, mischief lacing his tone. “I don’t know. You look pretty lively to me.”
“I just... I just didn’t think you were interested in me like that.”
When Tony steps inside the gallery with Jan on his arm, the first thing he sees is Natasha and Sharon in a corner, their arms linked together and their soft gazes and smiles never leaving each other.
“Shouldn’t be surprising since you told everyone I planned on—” Tony freezes. “Wait, you didn’t—”
Tony pauses. “True. But still—”
Thor frowns. “How so?”
“I’m not!”
Oh god. The team.
“Call me Sarah.”
Tony worries at the bottom of his lip. It shouldn't be as attractive of a gesture as Steve finds it to be. “Yeah but…”
“His art has always been amazing,” he cuts in. “I’ll always support everything he does.”
A swift peck on the cheek cuts him off.
“I like you,” he confesses quietly. “I’ve liked you for a long time.”
Natasha leans over to whisper conspiratorially into Steve’s ear. “Ignore him. He’s incomprehensible. No point wasting your brain cells on him.”
He thinks that should be the end of that, this confessing thing. That this is how it ends between the both of them – together in the confinement of a stranded escape pod, floating in space, surrounded by the second most breathtaking view he has ever laid eyes on.
There’s a banner that’s stuck to the ceiling with arrows that says, ‘CONGRATULATIONS ON THE ENGAGEMENT’, in block letters. Heart-shaped balloons hang from every corner of the room. Cupcakes with icing in Captain America and Iron Man colors are stacked high in the middle of the dining table.
“Everyone?”
“Isn’t it weird?” Clint asks as the Avengers sans Tony pass Bruce’s phone around. Steve almost crushes the device in his hands at the sight of the picture.
Storm pauses, clenching his jaw. “Got a problem with that, gramps?”
Captain America never did.
“Don’t blame me. Blame the writers.”
Natasha’s other eyebrow shoots upwards.
“Yeah,” Steve lied. “Probably.”
“Please don’t,” Steve mutters, his mood worsening with every word spoken.
Tony shrugs his shoulders. “I mean, not everything they said is wrong.”
“You could’ve woken me up,” Tony mutters as he hoists himself onto the kitchen stool.
“Oh right. Sorry. Rambling. But yeah, I know what you’re gonna say, ‘Why do you need Carol? Aren’t you a genius?’ Well, newsflash, I don’t know jack shit about engagement rings.” He pauses. “I mean, I could’ve asked Natasha or Sharon but you know, they kinda scare me sometimes. And since Carol found me losing my mind in the workshop and since she’s staying over—”
Steve's brow furrows. “Nat said you were tired. Thought I’d check up on you.”
The smile gets bigger. That’s when Tony excuses himself to break down inside his car, the scent of sandalwood and vanilla lingering in the air and his smile seared into his brain.
“And you said you have questions,” he murmurs in reverence as Steve tops his masterpiece with a perfect
“I know. I know now. You know you mean the world to me too, right? I never stopped thinking about you.”
a goody-two-shoes. I am a bad boy.”
Of course she’s Tony’s…girlfriend. Of course. This woman is gorgeous, someone Tony the press would say would go for. Why would Steve think otherwise?
“Hello? Civil War, anyone? Ring any bells?”
“And you know this how? I’m the futurist here. I—”
The two of them seem to be whispering furiously as he approaches. He probably would’ve been able to make out what they’re discussing if everyone didn’t resume speaking.
And then there’s Tony. Tony who’s always out partying. Drunk and high. Having models and socialites hanging onto his arms.
“Shit. Sorry. Should’ve brought it up later,” she says, grimacing.
The second thing Tony notices when he comes to is that he’s also naked.
Tony tries to put the thought out of his head as he gets ready for bed. But even as he slips under the covers, his mind insists otherwise.
“You shouldn’t have done that.”
Steve purses his lips. “Well, we could stay engaged. For real. Or—”
Steve could do that if Tony likes that kind of thing. He could grow his hair out like Thor and learn to flip his hair. That is, if he needs to learn that sort of thing. Judging by the stare Tony trains her way, Steve's awfully tempted to do just that.
“I mean, I don’t have the best memory around—” Steve cocks an eyebrow. “What? You know I’m right!”
Steve’s pretty sure Sif’s smirking at him when she says the final bit. But he doesn’t have time to ponder because Tony’s taking her hand and giving the rest of them a two-finger salute.
Fate never parts them ever again.
Tony breaks into a smug grin. “My legs do it for you, huh.”
Steve presses forward, sealing their lips together.
Tony holds out his hands in surrender, “Okay. Fine. Don’t tell me.” He picks his fork up and stabs it into his sausage. “Be that way.”
“Well,” Tony says, breaking the silence before Steve could, “whenever you’re ready. I’m here to listen.”
“What're you doing here?”
“Yeah.” Steve rubs the back of his neck. “Look, we don’t have to go out. I’ll just—”
“Hawkeye speaks true,” Thor chimes in. “You look delectable.”
“Nope. You heard me right.”
“Fuck,” Tony exhales. “Holy fuck.”
Oh. Right.
Never has Steve wanted to sink into the ground as much as he does right now.
“Hey, Cap,” she says as the trio comes to a stop in front of Steve. “Up for a spar?”
He swings his legs off the bed, eager to escape. Fingers latch onto his wrist, stilling him in place.
Clint makes a retching sound. “You know what? I’m glad you guys kept it on the down-low. Don’t think I could take any form of PDA from either of you.”
“You’re one of the smartest men in the world—”
“Okay, Rogers. That’s enough out of you.”
“I don’t know. I guess—”
Steve fights the urge to stomp his feet.
Tony couldn’t help but bark a laugh at that. “Uh sure. Sure you are.”
Tony swallows down a hysterical laugh as the good captain tears him into pieces. Howard was right, after all.
Her grin broadens. “I figured. Tony’s told me all about you.”
Which also means only one thing.
Tony can’t remember how long ago that was. Fifteen minutes? Twenty? He should’ve noticed that the room’s turned a little darker, no thanks to Steve’s hulking body blocking the corridor lights.
“Quite right, Captain.”
“The one I loved.”
Their friends move to vacate the room, not without protests from Clint. As soon as the door closes shut behind them, Tony shifts his attention to Steve, crossing his arms.
“I remember,” Tony replies dully, trying hard not to think of the countless fights they had over that. “And this program… It turned you to—to this?”
Steve nods, moving to stand. “I’ll keep first—”
“Wow. Holy wow.”
“Nope,” Clint replies. “We figured he needed a pick-me-up.”
He’s made Steve forget one too many times before. He can do it again. It’s one of the few things he’s good at.
And just like that, Steve’s mind wandered and his chest ached and his mouth unconsciously clamped shut, ending the conversation he was sharing with Tony abruptly. He didn’t know how long he was wallowing on missed opportunities and what-ifs until Tony waved his hand in front of Steve’s eyeline.
Too bad Tony was way out of his league. And too bad Tony would never, ever know how Steve felt for him.
Steve doesn’t know what to make of that. There are so many questions on his tongue and scenarios playing out in his head. But then, Thor spins a tale of a mishap between him and Loki and then Steve’s too busy drinking in Tony’s laugh to care.
Tony snorts. “No offense but you were asleep. You wouldn’t have known even if an asteroid hit the satellite.”
“I wanna see how it goes!”
But it’s fine. Tony has found someone who makes him happy, right? Maybe it’s for the best. Carol seems wonderful and Tony—
, ready for the rest of the Avengers to know.
Regardless, the gesture seems to bring a crimson blush to Steve’s plastic cheeks and Tony finds himself wishing that he could lean forward or have Steve lean down and—
Steve feels his heart hammering in his chest, knowing deep fucking down that he is right. That Howard is so fucking right.
He does keep a diary, several even. His current one tucked behind his encyclopedias while the rest are kept in his bedroom back in New York. As curious and nosy Tony can be, Steve doubts he’d go as far as to snoop around his room.
’’in his own handwriting.
She flashes him another smile and pecks his other cheek, before slipping away, leaving him to his thoughts.
“—I can’t believe the
He’s not ready yet. He hasn’t had the time to prepare himself for the fallout.
“Yup,” Endgame Steve continues under his breath. “Definitely dense.” He claps Tony on the back, tugging him to the side. “C’mon,” he says, raising his voice. “Kamala has a set of Lego Avengers. Let me introduce you to them.”
“Didn’t expect a welcome party, damn,” Johnny Storm says, clambering out of the Fantasti-Car.
Judging by his damp hair, Steve must’ve just taken a shower. It’s unfair how gorgeous Steve looks, even when he’s dressed in a simple T-shirt and sweatpants.
Tony shakes his head. “Doubt he ever will.”
The hands move to cup his cheeks. Tony gathers all his strength to keep his eyelids open to meet a pair of blue,
“Promises, promises,” Steve tsks as he gets to his feet.
He’d relive the final moments of battle – him shooting through the sky with a nuke on his back. It usually ends in him saving the city, his body floating among the stars for eternity. Other nights, Tony falls and falls and never stops. Several times, he wakes up to ice in his veins and blood in his mouth. Those times are the worst. They’d leave him shaking until daybreak.
Party Pooper has the decency to look chastised, his cheeks reddening. He does end up apologizing, albeit reluctantly. A part of Tony bristles at the half-hearted attempt, but Miles seems eager to wrap things up so he lets it slide. For now.
“Well, you were in a coma—”
Steve feels himself melt. “You’re right. He is ugly.”
“Oh,” he breathes out, his voice barely a whisper. “I thought you knew. ‘Cause you know, super senses.”
Steve’s grin widens. “Carpe diem.”
Tony’s leaning against his Porsche, nervously wringing his hands. He brightens up at the sight of Steve.
Tony would’ve argued back if Hulk hadn’t gathered them both into his arms, squeezing them with his massive, massive arms.
Tony didn’t seem to pay attention, his gaze pointed to the unlit streetlight above their heads.
Steve doesn’t remember drifting off but he finds himself stirring at the sound of retreating footsteps.
Carol seems to ignore Steve’s words, pinning Tony with a pointed look. “I can’t believe you haven’t told him about me.”
At some point after Show and Tell, Miles and Kamala somehow forge a friendship of sorts. Or at least, that’s what Tony thinks so. Because one Friday afternoon, Miles returns home with Kamala in tow, the both of them armed with stacks of DVDs.
“I can’t get sick. I have the serum.”
Steve stands between the doors, holding them back with his hands, his eyes clouded in concern and confusion. “Tony, what—”
“Had to see you. I missed you.”
Tony frowns. “Is this a joke?”
Maria Stark is as quiet as Tony said she is, but also gentle and beautiful. She reminds Steve of Ma.
The urge to pop open the first bottle of whiskey he finds hits him like a tidal wave. Once upon a time, he would’ve zipped out of the elevator and done so without a second thought. But Tony’s sworn off alcohol for about a couple of months now and he doesn’t plan on falling off the wagon any time soon, not after all the work he’s put into staying sober.
“I’m not a Skrull,” Steve huffs. “Or an LMD. Or under the influence of magic. Or mind-controlled. I genuinely do think we should stay engaged. At least, for now.”
Clint does a double-take at that. “
Steve’s lips are chapped but soft. His lips part in surprise, allowing Tony to wrap his arms around his shoulders and deepen the kiss.
The stranger hums, handing him a business card. “You know. I got an exhibition coming up in a few months. Think your work would be perfect for it.”
And just like that, they fall back into their regular conversations about team dynamics, Movie Night, and the happenings around them. Because it’s Tony. Steve can never stay awkward around Tony.
“Uh-huh.”
“So, how did you get yourself tangled up?”
“We love you too.”
Steve almost drops his own.
Steve frowns. “If this is about me being Cap—”
“You got this in the bag, man. Go get your man.”
Tony doesn’t notice him at first, too busy catching his breath and wringing water out of his clothes. But as he ruffles his hair, scanning the midday crowd, his gaze stumbles upon a pair of clear azure eyes.
“Not if we stay engaged.”
Which means only one thing – there’s a stranger in their Tower.
“I like you,” he continues, and god, someone better shut him up right now because fuck his mouth, “and I hate how he flirts with you and I hate how you flirt back and I—” He sighs. “I was jealous.
“Hey, kid,” he greets as he appraises her. “Wow, you look great. Pink suits you.”
His eyes drift down to the wool blanket that’s cocooned around him. Tony moves to unwrap the fabric. A hand on his shoulder stops him in place.
“Come on, Tony. Just one little—”
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you,” Captain America spits in his face and Tony can’t look away, can’t tear his gaze away from those bright blue eyes behind Cap’s cowl have him rooted on the spot.
Sucking in a deep breath, Steve unzips his backpack, fishing out his prized card.
. “But it doesn’t matter whether you’re from Civil War or Endgame or whatever. You forgot one essential thing.”
Thor chuckles. “Then it’ll be my pleasure to escort you both back to Midgard.” He tilts his head in Steve’s direction, his smile softening. “Welcome back, Captain.”
“Kissed her on the
“You do know you guys don’t need to be hanging around me, right?” Tony remarks. “Don’t you guys have better things to do?”
Steve nods, gnawing at his bottom lip. “Yeah.”
“So?” Tony asks, ignoring the odd thrill that shoots through him at the mention of Steve being his.
Or at least, Tony thought it was lovemaking. Steve’s eyes were open the whole time.
Tony yelps, clutching his arm. “Pep—”
“Do you hate me?” he says, his voice barely a whisper.
She lets out another chuckle before sauntering over to attend to the couple.
A lump forms in Steve’s throat. “I’m sorry.”
“Did Tony tell you? Did Carol?”
Tony scoffs. “Blue hair defeats the purpose of blending in, Rogers.”
She flashes him an incredulous look. “Because you’re my cousin. You deserve better than secrets. And I love you.”
Steve grimaces. “Yeah. Had to skip school for a week. Ma wouldn’t stop saying, ‘I told you so’, for days.”
“Of course I do, you dumbass,” Tony says, affronted. “Why would I try to kiss you tonight?”
Tony snaps his attention back on Kamala who’s, for some reason, grinning like a Cheshire cat.
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up, whirling his head in Steve’s direction.
But his brain can’t stop thinking about the fact that Carol isn’t supposed to be here in the first place, appearing out of the blue because she so ‘happened to be in town’. And since she happens to be staying over for the week, an invitation has to be extended. After all, what can Steve say?
Dinner feels like an eternity to sit through, made even worse when the rest decides to rewatch the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
. Heated hands paw at his body, skimming from his neck and down his shoulders before settling over his bare chest. Steve could barely suppress a shiver as he feels thumbs brush against his nipples, gasping at the touch. Tony takes advantage of that, deepening the kiss to slip his tongue past Steve’s parted lips.
God, there are so,
“Uh, Thor?”
Not Bucky. You!”
“Don't think. Do.”
In the midst of the chaos, Steve randomly pops up, offering to help catch Rhodey for Tony. Ignoring some knowing looks from the other toys, Tony immediately accepts the offer because he could never say no to free help when it comes to catching his dumb best friend.
“That was terrible.”
“Oh. I get what you mean about the rampage thing.” Kamala pauses to sip her lemonade. “Did I ever tell you of the time Hulk chased me on the helicarrier?”
“Thanks, Mrs Rogers!”
Now that he thinks about it, Tony probably has told Steve about Carol. Maybe. It must’ve slipped his mind.
Except this time, Bruce isn’t the one hovering over the stove, humming to himself.
Steve glances down. “But I’ve always worn this with—”
Tony doesn’t remember Steve having callouses on his hands.
“Well, Winghead wasn’t,” Natasha cuts in.
Tony’s well aware that it’s not true. Not all of it, at least. He’s met their comic counterparts back at the toy store he used to live at. Their bizarre closeness had rubbed Tony the wrong way, since he was too busy nursing his hatred for his own Steve Rogers at the time.
“Yeah. Guess we do,” Steve says and hopes, prays that fate will never part them ever again.
“I'm sure they're having a blast trash-talking about you,” Natasha tells Clint.
Tony returns the hug after a long beat, his hands shaky but warm.
Steve grins. “Nope.”
He tears his gaze away and gets to his feet. He probably doesn’t recognize Tony yet. And he shouldn’t. Tony definitely doesn’t look presentable enough to be recognized, doesn’t look—
On the way home, he curses himself for chickening out again. Then again, there’s always next time. He has time.
“You didn’t know she was—”
Tony stares at the shining silver and red and takes a breath in.
It’s gone on for too long. It doesn’t matter what Reed said. Tony doesn’t deserve Steve and Steve doesn’t love him and he deserves better than to be stuck in a loveless relationship.
Steve hadn’t been there for that, having been on a mission for SHIELD. It’s hard for him to figure out whether Clint’s lying, considering everyone else is murmuring in agreement.
And yet when his mind clears, he can recall the sound of Steve’s laugh and his blinding grin.
Steve forces his way into the workshop on the fourth day.
To say that Steve's nervous is a major understatement. He’s fucking terrified.
“Wow,” Tony breathes out when they break apart.
Tony could easily imagine standing next to him, drinking in Steve’s laugh. It’d be clear and sweet, the most melodious thing he’s ever heard.
Hank does a weird complicated thing with his face and bites out a grudging but sincere, “Congrats.”
“Maybe.”
“In that case,” Steve pulls away, much to Tony’s protest, but keeps their hands clasped together, “let’s go.”
The next time he sees them together, it’s at Natasha’s birthday party.
“—I don’t think you’d want to spend the rest of your life—”
“Ever found out what happened to her?”
“I always look stunning,” Tony deflects, moving to sidestep. “Now if you’d excuse me—”
—and there goes the little shred of excitement he feels.
It should be the same with Steve. And yet somehow, he can’t move on.
At some point during the thirteenth round, Tony manages to sneak out of the room. It’s surprisingly easy, considering Clint and Kate are too busy snarking at each other as they shoot down countless holograms.
“As much as she can tell.”
Neither does Tony.
Clint snorts. “If he doesn’t pass out first.”
Steve shakes his head. “Don’t really know anyone who’d be interested,” he lies.
“We were watching Inception.”
Heaving a sigh, he turns off the faucet and steps out of the shower. He winces as he pauses in front of the mirror. The bruise blooming on his cheek is big and purple. At least the serum will take care of it.
One down, three to go.
friends, Care Bear.”
Steve blinks, trying to smoothen his features. “Yeah. I just… Just needed a shower. I’m fine.”
Steve arches an eyebrow. “No, you wouldn’t.”
Sam elbows Clint in the ribs. “Seriously, man?”
An uncomfortable silence fills the room. Steve looks torn between staying and hightailing out of there, his eyes glancing to the side and his posture a little stiffer than before.
Tony shuts his eyes. Steve sounds just like heaven.
“Well then, Tony,” she says, beaming. “What’d you say we get the show on the road?”
“Here,” he says, pushing a drawing of them into Tony’s hands. It’s them chasing each other in the park with smiles on their faces last spring. “Something to remember me by. If you still remember it’s from me.”
“Yeah,” Bulldozer echoes. “About damn time you guys made it official!”
“Does it matter?”
Steve gulps, squaring his shoulders. “Let me give it a go.”
Howard would've had his head if he isn't already six feet under.
“Captain!” Mrs Burke trills.
“Come back to me,” he whispers as Tony startles to life.
Miss Burke’s smile slips off her face, yanking her arm away as if Steve’s on fire. “Excuse me?”
“A long while,” Tony says.
“Steve,” Tony begins, “I—”
“I know it’s difficult to reconcile with such a thought but Tony, you do. You’re one of the best people I know. You do deserve him. I’ve seen the way he looks at you. He genuinely and wholeheartedly loves you.”
“Happy New Year!”
“...Oh.”
She drops the magazine by her feet, crossing her arms. “You’re not getting cold feet, are you?”
“Even then,” Tony echoes firmly. “Because I love him. I’ll always love him. There’ll always be a part of me that’ll love him. Because he’s everything good in this world, everything I aspire to be. He makes me want to be good. Be better even though I never could measure up to him. And he’s right to dump me. Because he deserves better than some fuckup like me. And I’m glad he dumped me because he deserves better.”
Thor takes it in stride, barking out a hearty laugh. “Nay. We have never courted or married. Your Midgardian myths are utter nonsense. Preposterous! We are friends and warriors in arms. And that is all we are.”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Steve’s lips curl into a grin. Tony’s hunch must’ve been right.
“Thanks, Carol,” he says, trying his best to sound warm and polite despite the fact that Tony’s dating her and what’s wrong with him, why—
If Tony still has a pulse, he’d be pretty sure it’ll be racing right now. “That’s different,” he says slowly. “We’re friends. Just friends. Friends with a capital ‘F’.”
He almost claps a hand over his mouth as soon as the words leave his lips because
“Tony!”
“I’m fine. Just tired,” Tony replies curtly. “Where’s Barnes?”
Immediately, Steve crumples the newspaper, strides over to his canvas, and paints a nameless person drowning in an ocean of people, choking on gossip and despair, spiraling as they lose grip on everything.
The next best thing is to head down to his workshop and immerse himself in his work. It usually does the job in distracting him but just the thought of working right now leaves him anxious.
“Fine, fine.” Tony sucks in a breath, pulling out his ring box. “Steven Grant Rogers, I’ve been in love with you since the day we met and I think it’s great we’re best friends and colleagues and I think it’ll be even greater if we’d be stuck with each other for the rest of our lives. With that said, will you marry me?”
“Hi,” Tall, Blond, and Beautiful says, their bright blue eyes twinkling under the dingy lights.
Steve blinks. “You do?”
Steve frowns as he watches Tony shoot upwards. “Shouldn’t you take a look at them now?”
Mrs Burke's grin turns predatory. Tony has to hold in the bile that’s threatening to spill out. “It’s been so long since I’ve seen you. The last time was, what? Last year’s gala?” She leans forward, resting a wrinkled palm over Steve’s arm. A flare of jealousy and anger ignites in Tony’s stomach. “You look absolutely dashing tonight.”
Nothing can ruin his day.
“Not to me,” Steve echoes. “And everyone else. Right, JARVIS?”
Despite himself, Steve couldn’t help but grin as he listens to Tony ramble on about his date. There's a part of him that hates how Tony goes on about the sights and wonders of Asgard, about how advanced Asgardian technology is, how delicious their food is, how beautiful and friendly the people are. But how could he be mad when Tony’s smiling like that? If Tony’s happy, so is Steve.
“It’s never too soon to date,” Tony counters. “Sides’, Pepper and I broke up... What? Seven months ago? I think it’s high time I get back into things. Go out. Have some fun.”
Carol Danvers. You know, Captain Marvel.”
Tony snorts. “Didn’t know you played.”
Rumlow teases them for it. Steve punches him. Tony bursts into tears when Steve gets in trouble. It only stops when Steve gives him a hug and gifts a drawing of Tony to him.
The bell chimes behind them. An elderly couple makes a beeline towards the cake display, arm-in-arm.
“Says who?”
“I heard that,” his mother calls out.
And just like that everything makes total sense.
“If you think I’m going to let you go without a fight,” Steve says, dangerously quiet, “you got another thing coming.”
“I do,” Steve says and god he sounds so happy, so touched, so— “Here’s yours.”
“Bishop. Barton.”
Reed winces. “Yes. Sorry about that.”
“You know, you could—”
“C’mon,” she says, jumping to her feet, tucking her magazine under her arm. “Tony said to feed you. Hulk and Thor ate everything up but Clint said he’d be ordering in.”
“What?”
“Penthouse, J.”
“Of course.”
Steve curls his lips downwards, hiding himself behind his tankard. “Great. Thanks for putting that picture in my head, Stark.”
Steve shakes his head. “I get to meet you again.”
Tony hasn’t drunk a single drop of alcohol in six months. Everyone’s going to freak when they find out. Everyone at AA is already acting like he won the lottery.
It’s grand and bold, with gold adorning the walls and mulberry silk for tablecloth. Their fellow patrons are decked in their finest and eating lobsters and scallops and drinking forty-year-old wine while Beethoven quietly plays in the background.
“The boy finally left you, eh?” he drawls. “Finally gained some common sense, did he?”
“Wanna take five?”
. What would America think?”
“Sure,” Tony replies. “Meet you outside?”
A gasp tumbles out of Tony’s lips at the realization. Steve takes the opportunity to deepen the kiss, pulling Tony closer towards him as if he’s eager to meld them into one.
He doesn’t see much of Bucky and Sam after. Tony gets it, understands even. They’re Steve’s friends, after all.
It’s good. Helps dull the pain, his senses. At least for the moment.
By a second. But it’s a win, nonetheless. He never doubted he’d lose for a second. Definitely not when he narrowly squeezes his way through the Grand Canyon or almost got lost in thick clouds.
“I thought the girls said you’re gonna give me my present.”
He glances over to Steve who also has a shit-eating grin plastered on. “You’re enjoying this,” he accuses.
His hand's still in Tony’s. He feels at peace.
“If you would just—”
“Of course she would,” Tony interrupts. “She loves you.”
So with renewed resolve, he shakes off his hold and runs and runs until his legs give out underneath him in the middle of nowhere.
“He dumped me.”
“Do you have anything going on this Friday?”
“You did,” Tony replies kindly. “It’s why I brought up the Snickers story.”
“Why the fuck would he do that?” Tony asks. “He’s with Sharon.”
“A nobody who squared off against Rumlow and his goons last week. All seven of them.”
A sharp nudge to his ribs snaps him out of his thoughts.
“About time you guys pulled yourselves together,” Clint finally says, sipping on his chocolate milkshake.
Steve manages a lopsided one of his own. Opens his mouth.
Tony's breath hitches.
“Pairing up your friend with your cousin.”
Steve scoffs. Sure, she's pretty and regal and all that, but what’s with the get-up? She’s taking Tony on a date, not to war. He wouldn’t put it past Asgardians to bring bouquets of flowers along with them during battles.
If Steve hadn’t lied, maybe Tony wouldn’t be straddling the line between hope and despair. Maybe Tony wouldn’t be out here wishing that Steve meant it when he called Tony the love of his life.
In the end, it’s Sharon who brings it up.
Tony almost shoves him away. “You’re so stupid. And if you say what I think you’re going to say—”
“I’m sorry it didn’t work,” the man says and fuck he’s so kind. So nice. Just like Steve.
With a sharp intake, he makes a decision.
It’s all over the Internet in a minute.
“That's fucking stupid.”
Tony groans, throwing his hands up. “What’s with everyone with challenges tonight? This is a party, for Christ’s sake. Not a—”
Tony would find Hammer’s crestfallen face hilarious if he isn’t too stunned himself.
Like a moth to a flame, Tony follows.
Steve looks absolutely breathtaking with hair slicked back and dressed in white, from his blazer down to his dress shoes. Other people would’ve looked like a Backstreet Boy reject. Steve looks like an angel, untouchable and beautiful.
Tony shrugs his shoulders. “Something like that.”
wants to wipe that smirk off his face.
Tony expects him to pull away, to give half-hearted excuses as he scampers out of the room.
For some reason, Steve’s reply causes Tony to deflate. “Oh.”
He doesn’t think about how it could’ve been him when Bucky gets down on one knee.
Carol shrugs.
Steve lets out a nervous chuckle. “I, er… Would you believe if I said I was the reason why you couldn’t get me alone?”
“Not that I know from experience—”
Which is embarrassing. Sure, it’s fake and sure, it’s all Miles and Kamala’s fault. He’ll never hear the end of it from Rhodey, or Pepper, or Carol, or well, anyone else. He’s going to be the laughing stock of the toy community.
“Hey,” Pepper begins, flashing him a blinding grin, “thought you might need a pick-me-up.”
“Nat!”
That’s when reality crashes down.
Tony steals himself and does his best to keep his mask on for the whole session, charming everyone in the room and swerving the attention away from Steve as much as he can.
If he only knew what he knows now.
Steve’s eyes widen. The last thing he expects to see is humiliation on Tony’s face.
“If he says yes.”
A flash of his best friend’s face pops up in his head. Steve banishes it before he gets more grossed out.
That’s probably one of the biggest mistakes of his life.
Miles’ savior stalks over towards Party Pooper’s desk, pinning him with the iciest scowl Tony has ever seen a six-year-old muster. “I watched all of them! How could you—”
“It's called Avengers Tower now. Doubt anyone remembers this place being called Stark Tower.”
“You’re Steve, aren’t you?” Tony murmurs. “Steven Grant Rogers?”
Steve’s smile brightens. “I feel the same way about you too, you know.”
Right now though, he’s having very uncharitable thoughts about Bobbi, more so when she pulls the helmet off and shakes her blonde tresses like some model from a Pantene commercial.
Tony pauses. “Okay?”
“Hey—”
He can’t seem to look away as Steve and Bucky embrace, can’t seem to spin on his heels and hightail out of the room. Maybe it’s the masochist in him cementing him in place to remind him why he could never, ever call Steve his. It’s already terrible enough that Tony offered to help Steve search for Barnes (he's weak for Steve's smile, sue him). But to be one of the people to help pick Barnes up? To help wipe away the triggers from Barnes’ mind? All because Steve flash those pretty blue eyes of his? All because Tony gave up his pathetic little heart to Steve?
“Wow,” Tony breathes out when they break apart. “That was…”
Natasha rolls her eyes before pulling Tony into an embrace. He catches a whiff of lavender and jasmine and almost chokes on a sob.
One morning, Tony comes to school with dark circles and red cheeks.
Steve's expression darkens. “What do you mean— Tony, you almost got yourself killed! Don’t you
Tony shrugs his shoulders, snuffing his cigarette under his shoe. “Anywhere you want.”
God, he’s going to have to watch Tony die.
“I like you!”
“Really?”
But like the coward Steve is, he doesn’t.
Steve huffs. “Fine. But don’t blame me if I mess up your piece.”
Tony’s standing in front of the shelves of breakfast cereal, debating on which one has the highest sugar content when he inhales that scent and hears that quiet timbre coming from behind him.
“What?”
“Of course I’m here. Where there’s quality art, I’m there.” Ty frowns, giving Steve’s painting a once-over. “Though I’m having second thoughts about that. This is ugly. Who the hell—”
Tony hopes that Steve has the sense to stay far away from the war, that he’s somewhere safe and sound. Happy.
“You know I’d remember,” Tony replies like Steve’s grown two heads. “You draw me with kind eyes.”
This isn’t right. Steve doesn’t love Tony. Steve shouldn’t be in love with Tony, who’s loud and obnoxious and too much. Steve should be in love with someone who’s just like him, kind and sweet and good.
friends, and roommates. He can’t imagine if they actually did something dumb like date each other. They probably would’ve only lasted a month or two. Maybe a year, at most.
Tony lets out a laugh and god, it's so pretty too. It's bad enough that he looks pretty. But his laugh? Sounding pretty? It's downright criminal.
It takes everything in Tony not to cup his cheeks and map those freckles with his thumbs.
“You don’t have to lie to me just to make me feel better.”
“Sharon—”
Steve’s lips are feathery as his fingers and Tony feels like he’s in one of his dreams again, floating among the moon and the stars. This time though, he’s not cold and unmoored. He’s bursting with warmth, anchored by the touch of the person his soul loves.
Steve’s pulse begins to race. “But—But I thought— Pepper—”
“Me? How the hell did I cheat?”
“I know. That’s not what I meant. Why would you—”
“Carol is. And if you say anything about the ‘sweetheart’ thing, I call my friends
So when they come to a stop in front of the tower, Tony braces himself for the other shoe to drop. It always does.
Tony’s brow furrows. “Why wouldn’t I know you?”
“…Maybe.”
Steve’s imagination has entertained the most outrageous things over the years. Take the time he thought he was the descendant of Captain America, for example (he was five, sue him). Or maybe the time he thought he saw God when Scott Lang accidentally nailed him on the head with a football because concussions.
“No, I wasn’t! I was just—”
, Steve thinks before purging the thought.
“Totally.” Steve pauses, wringing his hands. “I’m surprised you noticed.”
“That gonna be a problem?”
“Just thought that we’re better off friends.”
“Tony?”
Peggy sighs, cards her fingers through his hair. “One day.”
Starks don’t deserve heaven.
“Had fun?” Bruce asks.
Someone wolf whistles behind them.
Tony cocks an eyebrow. “A challenge?”
Tony snorts. “I highly doubt that. I mean, he finally got Barnes back after years of moping. He probably forgot I existed by now.”
And sometimes, ‘ours’ becomes ‘theirs’.
“I’d rather not bleach my eyes,” Bruce replies mildly, darting off. “Thanks for the heads-up. And congrats.”
“Sure. Anything’s good with me.”
Tony breaks the spell by taking a step back and dropping his hand. Steve is not disappointed at all.
A velvet box.
Bruce chuckles. Natasha hides her smile behind her cards. Clint looks downright horrified. Steve can’t imagine what his expression is because what the
Tony almost laughs at that. Jesus hell, what kind of hellscape did he step into?
“I couldn’t get you anything before ’cause dad’s always around,” Tony says, holding out his gift. “But he’s not around now so. Here.”
The door opens with a series of beeps. Footsteps approach. Tony braces himself before spinning on his heel.
“Unmute. JARVIS, what time is it?”
“I lied,” Steve echoes against his lips. “About the rescue. It’s true that we were attacking a Nazi convoy around here. But Fury didn’t wire us. It was Jarvis. He asked if we’ve seen you. Said that you went to attack a Nazi base and never returned. And I just— I had to find you. I needed to find you.”
“To the basketball court. I need to see this for myself.”
“Why?”
Stark Industries’ Public Relations team insists they hold press conferences and interviews to satiate the public and the media. Tony reluctantly agrees.
After that day, the boy becomes Tony.
Tony always figured that if they ever were to break up, it would be like a blaze. Scorching and hot and all-too blinding. Intense like the two of them have always been.
“Greetings, friends!”
“I haven’t gone on a date with a guy in a while. Probably haven’t since you got defrosted, I think.” He shrugs. “So I can’t be mad at you about it.”
She’s perfect. So is he. They’ll make each other happy. Better than Tony could ever. And that’s okay.
The centerpiece’s a portrait of Steve and his husband, Tony Stark, stained in azure and coffee. They’re seated on the couch, holding each other’s smiles and eyes.
“What did you think?”
Like Steve.
“‘Bout time you got together,” he says cheerfully before mashing Steve and Tony’s faces together.
Tony doubts Heaven would have thunderstorms, which means only one thing.
Tony snorts, rolling his eyes fondly. “Pot, kettle, Mr Artist.”
Heat blossoms over his cheeks. “Well…”
“Uh, it is.”
“Nothing.” Steve glances away, holding his hand out towards Tony. “Shall we?”
Tony slides the card towards Steve. “Open it.”
“Since I was defrosted? A couple of years.”
Tony just never dreamt he’d be the placeholder for Steve’s childhood friend who’s supposed to be dead.
Tony arches an eyebrow. “Falling asleep on me?”
A familiar pang surges through Tony's chest. The last thing he wants to do is break down over an old lover in front of Captain America. An old lover who happens to be a man.
“Damn. You thwarted my plan,” Steve jokes, bubbling a laugh out of Tony. “Guess I’ll have to try again later.”
“Don’t be a spoilsport, Tony!” Carol exclaims. She returns to her knees, leaning against the coffee table as she cracks her knuckles. “If Army here is game, so am I.” Carol bares her teeth, radiating smugness. Steve is eager to wipe it off her face. “Always wanted to arm-wrestle Captain America.”
“I wasn’t being hostile,” Steve interrupts. “I was just—”
“Everything all right there?” Tony calls out from the bench, looking and sounding worried. Next to him, Johnny’s grinning, looking like a cat who just ate a canary.
Steve’s in his apartment, far away from the chaos. Despite the panic and worry he feels, he can’t help but be in awe at these people, these
He comes up empty.
And yet—
Out of the corner of his eyes, Thor and Bruce exchange knowing glances.
Steve breaks into a shit-eating grin.
“Hey.”
Natasha might get her drills halved for that.
“Tony,” Mr Burke interrupts in disbelief, his eyes snapping over to Tony as if he’s finally noticed his presence. Typical. “Stark?”
“Of course I do! You’re—You’re—”
know what Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star is, right?”
Tony scoffs at him. “Forgive me if I don’t buy it.”
Tony hums. “Yeah. Mom would put a record on for me to play along just for funsies. It was fun. Frustrating at times. But fun all the same. I mean we could buy sheet music but well…”
Steve cocks an eyebrow at her. “Penny for
Tony snorts. “You can’t blame me. I’m from the Civil War line.”
“I am very sure. So sure. In fact, I—”
“So,” he begins, breaking the silence as he settles down next to Steve, “what’d you got for us tonight?”
A small flicker ignites at the pits of Steve’s gut. “I thought—”
“You’re such a—”
One, five, twenty years later, there’s another exhibition.
They shouldn’t. It’s not their fault he can’t move on.
That he wishes to travel the world with Steve by his side. That he longs to disappear somewhere no one could find either of them.
Thor returns the gesture. “I will as soon as I am able. However, not at the moment. I do not wish to intrude on your arrangement—”
“I know what you mean,” he hastily amends. “But… We— Uh, the MCU us. We’ve never… We’ve never been that open with each other, you know? Free, I mean. Not in the way alternate versions of us are. Free with our affect— I mean, l— Feelings. You know, like—”
God, Tony hates him so,
“Fine, it is,” Tony relents. “But you’re still getting it tomorrow.”
Tony smirks. “Yeah. Good thing you didn’t meet Jen ‘cause let me tell you. She’ll kick your ass right there and then. Bruce would definitely help out. And the Hulk.
“No talking with your mouth full.”
Tony’s eyes narrow but thankfully lets it go. “It was great,” he says, shrugging his jacket off his shoulders. Once again, Steve tries to avert his gaze. “Bobbi took me to Coney Island.”
Steve hangs his head. “He wasn’t wrong. I’m no good for you.”
It’s nothing like the fireworks or blaze he expected it to be. Kissing Steve is quiet, slow, and warm. Like coming home from hell. Given how the night has been going, it might as well have been.
Despite the press branding Tony as a shameless flirt and playboy, he is anything but. Sure, there might have been a couple of moments here and there. But they’re usually pretty tame, mostly sly winks directed at people, which Steve barely witnesses. Or at least, after Steve met Tony.
Tony waved his hand in dismissal, ignoring Steve’s attempts at comfort as usual. “Sure. The whole package meaning my wealth, my company, etcetera.”
“You love me.”
Steve felt his stomach churning at that. The thought of actually having Tony close, to have him bonded with him in matrimony, to actually indulge in the hope that this was Tony’s strange idea of telling Steve that he’s interested in him too, is dangerous.
“You have approximately fourteen minutes to get ready, sir.”
Then again, being alone with Cap means that their friends won't be teasing him about being naked in front of a national icon. Small mercies, he supposes.
Fuck. Tony’s going to have words. So, so many words with Nat and Bruce and Kamala and Thor and—
And that just makes his blood boil.
Maybe it’s a good thing his mother isn’t here. She would’ve laughed at how stupidly lovestruck he is. Or maybe tease him about how stupidly obvious he’s being.
It’s hilarious seeing the reactions they’d get, ranging from discomfort, disgust, mortification to genuine happiness.
“Okay, okay. You’re not. Let’s just… Let’s just play the game.”
So it’s a surprise when the chair next to him moves and the most beautiful boy he’s ever seen settles next to Steve.
“Yeah, but I doubt you’d need to infiltrate anime conventions.”
A part of Tony wonders if he’s glad about this development, glad that Steve finally saw the light and ditch Tony ‘good-for-nothing’ Stark.
“Yeah. I was, uh… You know Valentine’s Day is tomorrow, right?”
Everyone shifts their gazes in his direction, their eyebrows raised.
Bruce snorts. “True.”
“Not everyone. Just all the other Avengers. Hank. Maria and Dum Dum.”
“Besides, it doesn’t matter if Carol and I have a thing. Our engagement is a sham. You don’t get to play the jealous fiancé or—”
Steve’s smirk widens. “I know nothing worth mentioning.”
“Pep! Light of—”
“Tony is not a thing to be paraded around,” he replies coolly. “He’s a human being and my partner. He has every right to want to keep our relationship quiet. I’m not afraid of showing him off at all.” His grip on Tony tightens in a more possessive grasp. Tony shouldn’t find it as flattering and hot as he does. “He’s a genius, a philanthropist. One of the most brilliant and resourceful men I’ve met in the world, even. The Avengers are lucky to have him on the team, on our side. Don’t you ever think that—”
“Numbers don’t lie, Rogers—”
They go to a nearby hole-in-a-wall tucked on a quiet street. They talk about everything under the sun but mostly about everything that’s happened to them since they last spoke. They talk about work and friends but not love. They never were good at talking about love.
A good thing considering the predicament he got himself in. He really isn’t in the mood to explain to her about how he’s helping the boy he’s half in love with for years pick out a Valentine’s Day card for someone else.
Surprisingly and not surprisingly, it’s Sharon who approaches him about it.
“All the cards are here,” Steve cuts in. He jabs his index finger at the basket full of greeting cards in front of the cash register, turning away to mask his pain.
Steve’s about to take the plunge and demand Tony to remove his suit (because fuck, if this is their last moments, he has to know what it feels like to have Tony under his fingers for the first and last time) when he hears someone clear their throat. Someone who is definitely not either of them.
But Tony keeps waking up to an excruciating headache and a broken heart and maybe, the songs had lied to him.
“I know,” Tony says, a chuckle escaping his lips. “I know.”
“What if you find someone you—”
, it’s Carol who he’s sitting with on the loveseat, their heads bent together as they chat and laugh and ignore everything and everyone and life is just so—
Tony flinches. Johnny’s eyebrows shoot up. Natasha remains impassive.
“Shut up. I still have time. It’s not midnight yet. I still have— I still have time, right?”
Steve manages a soft but weary smile. “It’s okay. Was a long time ago.”
Fuck, he’s so, so screw—
“Yes.”
That’s when Tony realizes that he’s dressed in a similar manner as Steve, except all in black. As if he isn’t feeling upset enough, this makes him deflate even more.
Steve blinks. “Excuse me?”
Tony chuckles, Steve following along. It’s one of the most melodic sounds Tony has the pleasure of hearing.
“Yeah, but you never know.” Tony's eyes widen. “You’re not gonna like Hulk out on me, right?”
“I—I have to go.”
Tony brightens. “Oh god, Asgard was… Holy fucking shitballs, Steve. I was in freaking Asgard! Like I can’t begin to tell you how freaking amazing it was!”
Cap doesn't speak for a long moment. For a moment, Tony expects his questions to go unanswered.
“Let me guess,” Tony begins, itching to excuse himself, “you want me to regale our fans here about the time we—”
If only his life was as straightforward as theirs. And Buckyless.
“I’m not—” Steve cuts in. “I wasn’t—”
Hope and relief spread through Tony’s body.
Nothing special about that.
Tony hums, ignoring his racing pulse because it can’t be him. Can’t fucking be him.
Steve trails after her, throwing a backward glance at Tony and Johnny as he goes. They’ve taken residence on a nearby bench, their heads bent together as they murmur to one another. Judging by the blush on Tony’s cheeks and the self-satisfied grin on Johnny’s face, it’s saved to say that they’re flirting.
Tony snorts. “Seriously? C’mon Steve. You’re amazing. You’re loyal, smart, sweet, caring, have wonderful abs—”
“Sure. Yeah. You always look good. Um. Why the hell are you here?”
Tony nods, wondering how he knows. “She’s good. I’m actually on my way to meet her.”
Ah. Of course.
What even
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “And just who am I? Chopped liver?”
Steve falters. “Then why—”
He should be dead.
“Tony?”
Once during recess, Steve asks to draw him. Tony asks why.
“She kissed his cheek,” Steve interrupts, his voice barely a whisper. “Twice. And she was wearing one of his shirts.”
He’s on a train.
The painting is nothing special, just a painting of the street Steve grew up on splashed in brown and gray. Two kids are speeding past an apartment, one blond and one brunet.
Tony sighs, facepalming. The hero worship thing is getting old. It’s endearing. But still, old.
“So,” he begins, eager to be skinned alive as soon as possible and half-hoping Bucky’s hiding somewhere with his rifle somewhere, “what is it you wanna—”
No one bats an eyelid at them. No one thinks twice of the two men stumbling home together, drunk on alcohol and each other. Neither does Tony think of them. He’s too exhausted to think or care.
“Ma—”
Tony blinks, looking chastened. “Oh. Right. Yeah. The other present. Totally slipped my mind. Yup.”
Unless—
Steve exhales, holding his hands up in surrender. “Fine. You guys do whatever want. It’s not like you planned on even listening—”
He sighs.
Steve arches an eyebrow, his cheeks warming. “And why do I need to wear something that’s showing off my abs?”
Tonight is different though. Tonight, Tony wakes up with fading memories of his mother.
Carol seems to take it in stride, flashing him a perfect set of white teeth and god,
“Here you are,” Steve echoes, his mind officially in shambles. He doesn't know whether he should thank or yell at Natasha and Johnny for their meddling. “Let me guess, Nat threatened to castrate you.”
He spins on his heel, eager to storm off to will his racing pulse someone quiet. He’s stopped by a pair of clear azure eyes.
Their friends, however, haven’t gotten that memo yet.
“That's not a real word.”
“So,” Steve begins as they pause in front of the elevator, “you have another present for me?”
, his mind offers.
Frankly, if anyone told Tony that he’d be carried out of a burning building, well, he would’ve laughed in their faces. And if they were being extra mean about it, he probably would’ve even thrown them across the Atlantic.
Steve pauses, a Henley pulled halfway over his body.
Steve rolls his eyes, making a beeline for the elevator. Clint and Thor pile in after.
Well. Speaking of the devil.
“I’m good!”
Tony shrugs his shoulders. “I mean, it’s hard not to miss a walking flag—”
“I— I just—” Tony sighs, burying his face in a pillow. “Okay, fine. I did. Once.” He pauses. “Thrice. Sorry, Brucie Bear. Please don’t kill me. We didn’t do anything just now if—”
Tony Stark never gets nice things.
If the tension was unbearable before, it’s so much worse when they’re left alone.
The last time they were here, it was days before everything fell apart, days before Loki and destruction, days before Steve was called away to work and Tony to SHIELD.
Besides Carol and Rhodey. And well, him.
Tony arches his eyebrows. “Oh, wow. Wait ‘till I tell Reed you called him stupid.”
Tony straightens his back, frowning. “What?”
“You mean, you have to haul his ass over your shoulder,” Natasha pipes up.
“Of course you are, my friend,” Thor exclaims. “Any friend of an Asgardian is welcome in Asgard. Why, I have had taken Jane—”
“I hate you.”
“Tony?”
“Not in the slightest.”
your ex—”
Barnes’ eyes roam over Tony’s face, sizing him up. A retort is at the tip of Tony’s tongue but he beats him to the punch.
“Hey,” Steve finally says and nothing more. He swears half of the team is facepalming.
“Oh. Right.” Steve nods vigorously, tracing the rim of his mug. “I thought you looked familiar. I’ve seen you in the news and in uh, pictures.”
He startles, whirling around to meet Natasha’s careful gaze.
“I mean, you’re also the guy in my Lit class,” Steve quickly amends. “You sit behind me. ”
“I didn’t tell Cap if that’s what you’re wondering,” Kate replies.
Bruce has the audacity to flash him a sheepish smile. “Sorry, Cap.”
Tony grins, leaning over with his arms on the counter. He has several inches over Steve, his gorgeous brown eyes boring into Steve’s. Just the thought of their height difference does funny things to Steve’s pathetic heart.
It’s Rhodey who finds him lying on his side in a pool of alcohol and vomit.
But at the same time, he’s afraid. His relationship with alcohol has always been a rollercoaster. Alcohol has shaped his identity. Alcohol is what helped him through the numbness and the pain.
Steve sucks in a breath. “Alright. I trust you.”
One morning, Tony wakes up to breakfast in bed.
Because of course Captain Wholesome America hates Tony. Of course, he loathes Tony with every fiber in his body. Iron Man is good, a better man than Tony could ever be. But right now, he stands in front of Captain America as Tony Stark, a man who’s worse than nothing.
“So do you.” Steve pauses, his eyes drifting down to the ground. “I like your shoes.”
Then, he tells Tony, tells him everything. He shouldn’t have.
“I’m fine,” Steve says curtly. “How’s your date?”
He should demand to see his dog tags, to prove that—that—
“I lied,” Steve breathes out when they finally break apart.
“No!” Steve exclaims. “I do! I really, really like you. I’m—”  He exhales, schooling his features into one that’s full of determination. “I’m in love with you.”
How could he not? It’s Steve. He could never say no to Steve.
“He didn’t tell me a lot of things,” he replies as he gets to his feet, tossing his phone away without hanging up. He doesn’t check where it lands or if it’s even intact. That’s not his priority right now.
“Okay,” Tony says before pressing forward.
It’s his destiny, his curse as a Stark. Or according to Howard, how Starks are meant to be.
Tony smirked, cocky and sure and for the moment, Steve let himself indulge in a world where Tony meant it.
Steve shifts his glower down at her. She meets him with a cool gaze, her lips curled in a half-smile.
At that, all the tension Steve has been radiating dissipates. He exhales, slumping further in his chair. “God. Fuck. Yes, please.”
“Yes,” he finally hears, the voice barely a whisper.
Tony scowls, a tirade hanging on his lips but Steve beats him to it.
In some weird and twisted way, it makes sense. Months after Steve disappeared, Captain America made himself known to the world. They’re also both white and blue-eyed. It also doesn't help that Cap's identity is a secret.
“Well, excuse you. I’m—”
Okay, so maybe not every interaction puts Steve’s heart at ease.
Natasha doesn’t say a word as she watches Steve pluck the ring box from his drawer. The smile she sends his way does.
“You just did.” Tony’s eyes narrow, his lips twitching. “Stop laughing at me.”
“I don’t think I will,” Steve says firmly.
Steve tells him about the comics he’s shelved out, how Bucky and Sam finally got their shit together, that tonight a local art gallery is exhibiting his artwork.
Tony ignores the sharp pain in his chest, the voices in his head agreeing, and fishes his keys from his pockets.
“We’re sorry,” Bruce murmurs.
“And you proved me wrong,” Steve replies firmly. “I was wrong about a lot of things about you. I remember when you almost died saving me. All I could think of is how much I regret saying all those terrible things to you. How much I wanted to get to know you. To make it up to you for the rest of my life.”
Tony’s heart leaps in his throat. “You know it?”
Tony expects Steve to deflect the question again, maybe finally take off. Instead, Steve just shoves his hand into the bag, pulling out a handful of bears.
“Um, is something—”
“But— But— You can’t! You can’t—”
“Nope,” Clint drawls. “We have nothing better to do.”
“I know,” Tony moans. “
pointed at Tony?
Tony directs his screwdriver in his direction, grinning. “Right on the money. I’m not saying you guys aren’t fun to be around because you are—”
“That’s way too much.”
Steve finally gets blackout drunk.
“C’mon, Hill. This is a party! Not a stuffy ass meeting. If you wanna talk shop, leave an appointment with JAR—”
He remembers the first time he heard the song on the piano. Six-year-old Tony had been in a corner in tears, his father's drunken screaming still ringing in his ears all because Tony was singing.
To absolutely no one’s surprise, Tony is Miles’s pick, this time.
“No way. How could you?”
“You taste of wet dog,” he murmurs.
“What the hell was that about?” Tony bursts out when they’re finally alone.
Steve groans. “Nat—”
And each time, they’d backtrack. Apologize. Change the subject. Try to make him feel better.
It’s not a question or a guess anymore. It’s a stone-cold fact.
“Yeah. I can imagine.” Tony clicks his tongue. “That means you shouldn’t have any problems following along to Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star. Wait, you
God, why couldn’t he be the guy Tony seems to be gone for?
“Don’t you see?” he hisses, his whiskey sloshing in his glass. “You don’t fit here. You will
Steve grabs a fistful of his shirt and kisses him hard.
He sets the wine glass he’s been swirling around for minutes. “Wanna get out of here?”
Steve is never,
Steve chuckles. “I’m never picking a ring up ever again.”
“Wait,” Clint cuts in. His bickering with Thor seems to have resolved, with everyone’s attention now on Tony. “You
His smiles never fail to leave Steve feeling warm for the rest of the day.
Tony tastes of beef and onions and mustard and strawberries. It’s the best kiss Steve has ever had.
“I was supposed to be on candy buying duty.” Tony plucks the lights from Steve’s grasp as he nods to the boots he has on. “Since Peter, Ororo, and Jan aren't around, I thought I’d take these out for a spin.”
“Holy fucking shit!” Tony yells, making Steve wince. “I can’t believe it!”
“Fuck you, Tony—”
“Yeah,” he echoes before closing the distance between them.
“Excuse you—”
There are many things a lot of people don't know about Steve, one of them is that he isn’t very fond of the Fantastic Four.
“And I don’t doubt that,” Tony quickly replies. “Just figured you guys would want to relax, is all. This is a party, not a training session. Why would you even want to waste your time training instead of letting loose.”
“Well, what about you, huh?” Tony shoots back. “You had to know I’ve been drooling over you for four hundred and ninety-nine years!”
He won’t deny it though, how it still hurts when they approach him and try to strike up a conversation because all he can think of is Steve’s arms around his two best friends and—
“What?” he says, his voice sounding strangled to his ears.
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up, almost dropping the wrench in his grasp. “I thought you weren’t gonna set me up with anyone.”
Hammer blinks, cocking his head to the side. “Excuse me?”
Maybe.
“Is there something you want to tell me?”
And also to absolutely no one’s surprise and Tony’s irritation, Miles brings Steve Rogers along with him too.
Tony picks at the hem of his cape. “It’s been five hundred years, Steve. I just— Aren’t you lonely?”
? When? Do I have to kick his ass?”
“We had sex, Steven,” Tony replies dryly. “I let you put your dick in me. Multiple times. For almost a year.”
