They fell to their knees and began to dig. It was only a matter of moments before John’s fingernails scratched against something solid and smooth and cool. A few minutes later they were wiping the dirt away from the gold surface of the enormous coin, the Queen’s profile marred with mud.
“Forty-two minutes and fifteen seconds.” Sherlock grinned, but the grin faltered when he saw John shiver again. “Still cold?”
The door swung shut. John fell back on the bed, and for just a moment, allowed the aftershocks of fear to flow freely through him. The tremours shook the bed, making it squeak. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and forced himself to stop.
Rosie stood her ground and stared at him, her chin still jutting out. Then all at once, she threw herself to the floor and burst into tears.
“I did, sir, the wind was blowing hard into the room and I didn’t want the cold to get into her wound.”
John’s easy to talk to, anyway. I’d kind of forgotten how this works. Before, I would maybe get the guy’s name and his number after if he was a good fuck, but generally it would be a case of, “Hi,” “Hi,” and I’d say “Yours or mine?”
Afterwards, we’re lying there trying to get our breath back. There’s a creak at the door, and Sherlock sticks his nose in. He’s in his pyjamas already, the t-shirt inside out.
“I had a ballet mistress once who used a cane,” Sherlock said. He turned and placed one hand on the barre, arranged his feet in first position. “She didn’t use it to walk, but she would keep time with it. Bang it on the ground. ‘And
Sherlock looked down at himself and cursed. In an instant he saw his mistake – his clothes were rougher than his usual silk gi or kurta, but still obviously new, clean and expensive, compared to the blond man’s lived-in, broken-down cottons and denim. He growled with irritation.
Oddly, John was becoming used to the note of disappointment when women learned he had a child. Even more oddly, he wasn’t even offended any more.
Don’t say it. Don’t invite him back to yours. Don’t think about the bottle of wine sitting in the icebox. Take it slow. Go for a date, maybe even two, before sleeping with him. Don’t say it.
She nodded. It was possible that she had assumed Daddy would simply come and pick her up, as he had always done before. But she nodded.
, he told himself firmly. “What are you doing now, to earn the credits for the ship? You said you have a shift.”
I throw it in his face, and several things happen at once. He jumps up toward me, but the waiter, who was just behind him, grabs him by the collar and waistband and pushes him out the door. At the same time the whole restaurant breaks into applause.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw John alighting from another hovercar. Sherlock had an abrupt vision of his worlds colliding – his world as a Companion, and his world of crime solving. It suddenly felt desperately important to keep them separate.
-’” John stopped again, and hummed, the peculiar noise he made sometimes when he was saying something that was hard for him to say.
John considered. The tale that Hope had related at the Yard was epic and strange, and John wasn’t sure if he’d believe it if he’d read it in a book.
he has a concussion and is presently not a reliable witness. I thought it might be helpful to have someone who has an understanding of amniculusite. There’s certainly none amongst the
Twenty minutes later, the tub was sparkling clean, and Sherlock’s face was red and slightly sweaty. Sherlock sat back on his heels.
Sherlock sighed, and rested his forehead against John’s. “Pardon me,” he said. “It is only that – this is something I never thought I could have.”
He opened his bedroom door to see Holmes, only a few steps away from the top, come to a skidding stop.
"There you are, John - oh. Mrs. Hudson. Watson." Sherlock paused in Mrs. Hudson's doorway, frowning. "What are you doing?"
“That said, may I walk you home? And that’s not me walking you home to try to talk you into this, it’s just me wanting you home safe. This neighbourhood is a bit dodgey sometimes.”
“Get your breakfast, and I will update you with my findings.” Holmes wiggled his tea cup in John’s direction, and John poured more tea. “I went down to Scotland Yard with two questions in mind: why is Mr. John Garrideb lying to us, and why was he insistent upon Mr. Nathan Garrideb taking this afternoon’s appointment in Birmingham. I looked back upon the past cases, the ones which are unsolved or where the perpetrators have not yet been discovered – I have a great interest in such cases. And after only a few hours of research, I found a picture of the Waterloo Road night-club murder a few years back – do you recall it? – where one James Miller, aka Killer Evans, shot Roger Prescott. There was a picture of Killer Evans – who do you imagine he resembles?”
“You’re welcome,” the boy said, and returned to his mother. As they headed towards the classrooms, John could hear the boy repeating, “That was
John had a sudden, brief memory of Sherlock teaching him to waltz, and shook his head. “To be honest, I can’t imagine myself doing any of those things.”
He tried dancing with the rhythm of the song, and it felt good. He tried dancing against the rhythm, and it felt good as well.
He heard the musical cue for Florence to re-enter, wearing the death mask, and for the set lift away to reveal the night scene of bohemian Paris.  From here it was easy: the harness lowered him to the ground on Florence’s command, and she removed the skull mask and placed it on his face. Then a slow walk through the set as the music climaxed.
When would Holmes tell? Which officer would Holmes turn to and say, ‘This man made inappropriate advances toward me; he is a deviant, a pervert – take him away.’
When Rosie had eaten her fill, he turned to his own food. He was so unaccustomed to warmed food that when he finally took a sip for himself, his mouth itched in reaction. The soup was yellow and had noodles and was probably the best thing he’d ever eaten in his life.
John crossed to the corpse, but there was no need for a lengthy examination – the bullet hole in the man’s chest was clean and the skin around it bloodless. “He must have died instantly,” John said, “and fallen where he stood.”
“Nonsense. It’s not as though I carry that amount of money on me. Moreover, I am not responsible for Wiggins’ debts.”
John watched him dance, occasionally shouting at him about what a talentless hack he was; Sherlock would yell back about how useless John was – also part of the façade. Opposites.
I wonder if he’s going to start snogging the moment we step foot inside, but instead there’s the chatter of ‘nice place’, ‘make yourself comfortable’, ‘do you have a flatmate’, ‘let me get some glasses’, and so forth. He seems slightly nervous now. So am I. He takes the glass of wine with his left hand, and only now do I look at his ring finger. Bare. I really need to start looking earlier.
Sherlock’s foot was instantly on the rung, and he was pulling himself up. He felt John pushing at him, first at his shoulder, then his waist, then under his arse, then Sherlock was rolling onto the hard and filthy bricks. John was soon beside him, dripping water into the puddle already created by Sherlock. John staggered to his feet and shook himself like a dog. “Wait here,” he said, and disappeared down an alleyway.
JOHN:  Can’t get used to saying that. Anyway, so we had to cut short our tour of Alice in Wonderland in Europe because of this Corona-19 virus, and we arrived back in London…five days ago?
He stripped down to his muslin undergarments, then palmed his cock through the thin material. God, he was already more than half hard, probably had been for most of the day. He rubbed again, feeling his cock fill and harden. He tried to remember the last time he’d masturbated, and the answer was simply
“Nice show for the vidders, don’t you think, Jim? The last Companion jumps to his death less than an hour after being with Jim Moriarty?”
“Not the whole thing,” Sherlock said hastily. “Just a line or two, enough for me to isolate it, categorize and file it.”
He changed into his pyjamas and crawled into bed, with the susurrus of Sherlock’s whispers leaking from the bathroom door.
“But hasn’t late 19th century England been done to death? Surely I’ll be bumping into historians left, right, and centre there?”
“I think you could talk for a hundred years and I would never have enough of your stories,” Sherlock said. He paused, pressing his lips together, and decided to dare. “You spent time out in the Rim, when you were a young woman, didn’t you?”
Sherlock put his fingers against John’s lips, halting the flow of words. “Stop. I have not been clear with you, and I’m sorry. There’s been too much in the way, but now there’s not.
He imagined his flat in London, and John making a cup of tea. He imagined John smiling at him over the steam from the cup. The image revived him - hopefully enough to get to the embassy.
Arrivals and adjustments – cost of living – introductions – strange and strangers – a day like no other
John waited for the squirm of jealousy that usually accompanied the sound of a text from Irene Adler, but it didn’t come. He followed Sherlock into the lobby, feeling a roll of warmth instead. The jealousy was gone, because he knew Sherlock was his now. Sherlock was his, and he was Sherlock’s, and there was no fear of interference from The Woman: John now understood her role in Sherlock’s life: as someone he admired but not someone he wanted or loved.
“It’s… an extraordinary story, as you said,” John said. He had a feeling he knew what Holmes knew, but wanted him to say, wanted to hear his voice go through his reasoning.
Sherlock keeps nodding like he’s in a dream, and John puts his arms around him, his hand on his neck. Sherlock accepts the hug as gracefully as a mannequin at first, then relaxes all at once and puts his head down onto John’s shoulder.
As they clasped hands, Sherlock’s focus narrowed to the shaft of light that glinted off the rings Eileen had found for them.
Evans’ head popped up out of the hole, his face already contorting from surprise into anger. “Well, Mr. Holmes, you have found me out,” he snarled.
“I’ll decide what’s related and what is not, thank you,” Sherlock snapped. “Which tank did they disappear from?”
“Nope. John,” he grins, and it’s all right. I don’t appear to be either a slag or a moron in his eyes.
Sherlock looked around, and saw that no one else seemed to want his attention at the moment. He made his way down the hall, tapped softly at a door and let himself in.
But one day he and Rosie came out of a store, weighed down with a few new cans of food, and nearly walked right into a ragged woman.
Evans was laughing to himself as he lifted the latch for the door and carefully lowered himself down until he was no longer in sight. John startled slightly when Holmes’ cool finger touched his wrist. “Now,” he whispered, holding his own gun up by his head.
“Well done, Watson,” Holmes said. He ran his hand over his hair, setting it back into place, putting his hat on. “Come on, then. Lestrade will want our statements.”
Christmas Day had passed in a way familiar to all households with children: a chaos of shrieks, wrapping paper flying everywhere, biscuits and sweets partaken throughout the day with a shrug and the refrain of, “It’s Christmas. Why not?”
Sherlock stripped off the hoodie he wore and hung it on a hook near the doorway. If John or the guard came to check on him, hopefully the hoodie would reinforce the idea that he was having a shower and give him some privacy. That might give him enough time to get away.
"You're cold," John said. He pulled Sherlock's scarf carefully around his neck. "I can always tell. Your lips are blue."
“Oh, good,” John said, and his voice was choked. Sherlock leaned down, just a little, and tipped his forehead against John’s.
This fic came about when I re-watched White Nights, and then a week later saw the Royal Opera’s Alice in Wonderland, which is the production referenced in the final chapter.
"It's an old family tradition," Mrs. Hudson said. "You make a wish and stir it in. You want to stir it in very well, so that the person you're wishing for will have your wish in their piece." Her voice lowered confidentially to John. "It's more a tradition of convenience. I made it up because I was tired of stirring."
“That’s right. The Admiral didn’t want to give it to you, but I convinced him it was the perfect gift. It only captures the audio, but that’s enough. So. Who’s John Watson?” Jim’s voice turned steely.
Many thanks to @missdaviswrites for her great help with beta-ing this fic, and to @PeaGeeTibbs for commissioning it for Fandom Trumps Hate.
“I’m afraid we have a pressing appointment shortly, and must depart.” John raised his eyebrows; he was sure there was no appointment. Truth be told, he was a bit disappointed that Holmes was turning down the offer.
“You alright? You okay?” John whispered in his ear between frantic kisses to Sherlock’s face and neck. “When they took you, I thought that was it, the jig was up, and-”
“Good God, are you mad? You’re just asking for a food poisoning suit. Listen: prime rib, fingerling roasted potatoes with rosemary, steamed veg, horseradish. Classic, sophisticated. Bring us a sampling, but also get the name and location of the farm where you source your beef.”
“Apologies, Mrs. Hudson!” John called breathlessly. He nearly ran straight into Holmes, who had stopped short and was now standing in front of the wall where all Cubitt’s pages were pinned.
John willed his hand not to shake as he focused on Sherlock’s groin, drawing in the dark hair there, the soft testicles – and the penis that was slowly filling and hardening.
“And John.” Dunworthy looked around, ensuring that everyone in the room was out of earshot or busy. “I just heard that Perciante is retiring. They’ve asked me to recommend someone for his tenure track, and I’d like to recommend you.”
Mycroft had the nerve to look nonchalant and unperturbed by Sherlock’s rising rage. “I merely keep an eye on you for your own safety and for your own good.”
Sherlock held John close, and felt John’s arms tighten around him in answer. He realized that this was the safest he had felt since he had boarded the plane, so long ago.
“Don’t think of that,” he said. “Remember, if you assault him, they might have to dismiss the charges on a technicality. I’m not 100% familiar with Canadian law yet, but I’m fairly sure the coppers wouldn’t look kindly on you beating the hell out of their suspect. The case is already on shaky ground because Jerome didn’t call them right away.”
Sherlock looked up at John, startled. Then he suddenly seemed to remember that he was naked, and that he had an erection. His hands flinched down to cover himself.
John arrived on the dot of ten, carrying his valise. He’d walked, as it wasn’t too far from the hotel, and he was still enjoying the streets of London. It also gave him time to think.
A break in the case leads Sherlock and John to a theatre in the park, but trying to corner their suspect leads to a terrifying situation for Sherlock.
John nodded sharply. “Thank you.” He pulled his bathrobe a little closer around him, turned, and walked out of the bathroom.
The gun did not shake or waver. “Who’s your contact at the embassy, Sherlock?” Maja said impatiently.
Sherlock enacted the part to the full, but if he was honest with himself, he didn’t understand it. Why would a grown man – even as young a man as the character was meant to be – allow himself to be treated that way? If it were him, Sherlock would have walked away from the first rejection, throwing a barbed comment behind him, and be content with never seeing the woman again. Much less go to the extreme of self-sacrifice.
“A challenging search, indeed,” Holmes said. “Well, I think I have a few means at my disposal that may assist you in your quest. I shall be in touch regularly.” He stood, and Garrideb and John followed. “By the way, Mr. Garrideb, perhaps you should know a colleague and correspondent of mine from Topeka – a Dr. Lysander Starr?”
Suddenly Sherlock straightened and glanced around the room at the other students’ displays, then back to John’s. His brow knotted, and he turned, almost accusingly, to John. John was struck dumb by the look of confusion on Sherlock’s face, unusual and unfamiliar.
Sherlock kissed him again, carefully and soft. “The realm of miracles is not my area of expertise,” he said. “But my understanding is that one doesn’t deserve a miracle in order to have one. That flies in the face of what a miracle is for. Because if that was true, you would never have come into my life in the first place. Your very existence is a miracle for me.”
Then John froze. A half second later, Sherlock heard the unmistakable sound of a car pulling into the courtyard.
“I’m a doctor, nothing else. Pavlović thought you might want to complete your recovery in a home rather than a military hospital. He asked me a favour.”
He smiled at her. He knew, and loved her for it. If you had asked him last month what she meant to him, he would have shrugged and said, ‘She’s my manager.’ Now he saw clearly how important she was to him. It took this whole incident, the crash and his imprisonment, to make him grateful for her and the other people like her in his life.
A tiny click made Sherlock sit up straight, to see John coming out of the bedroom, wearing a housecoat.
Stamford entered the room, and John felt himself instinctively move into a defensive position, ready to defend Stamford from this bizarre man should the occasion arise.
“British, early eighteenth century,” Holmes said. “It’s actually seen battle, look.” He pointed at the dings and dents in the metal of the blade. “And the spots of rust – that colour of rust is only made by seawater.” Holmes looked up at John, his eyes dancing. “I do believe it’s a pirate’s sword.”
Dunworthy grinned and clapped his hands. “Marvellous. Thank you, John. I’ll make it up to you, don’t worry. Now. You’ll leave Tuesday at 15:20, from Balliol, I’ve got Bahdri running your drop so you’re in the best hands. You’ll want to read up on local history and politics, focusing on London, of course, and Victorian etiquette. Get at least forty contemporary pounds from Props.”
John was still staring at the food, deliberately not looking at Sherlock. Sherlock could not read his mood – John could be furious, or exhausted, or… Sherlock couldn’t tell and it frightened him to
They stayed like that for a moment; John giving Holmes time to assimilate the new information, the paradigm shift, and giving himself time to adjust to the fact that Holmes was in his arms, and wanted to be there. It was wonderful.
And Sherlock. When Greg had first met Sherlock, his face was smooth and bland, not betraying any emotion at all, not happiness nor sorrow, as though he was above all those plebian feelings. And now, along with the few white hairs among the black curls, there were crow’s feet by his eyes that showed the traces of smiles and laughter.
“Banker, worked in the city. Not a partner but high level. Lived in the suburbs… Barking – no, Bethnal Green. Married happily, ten or more years. No children, not by choice. Two dogs, one small, one medium, I’d say a terrier and a setter. Built models in his spare time, I think WWII airplanes.”
“Mmm.” Sherlock moved his knight to protect his king. “You’ve mentioned investments. What intrigues you about an enterprise to make you want to invest?”
“And you are kind to come to me. I don’t like to leave my home, you see. So much to do, so much to attend to. Look, this is a statue from the Alexandrian era – isn’t it marvellous! And this vase from the Ming dynasty, I went to tremendous lengths to acquire it. One must attend to such objects from history –
been in Afghanistan, only three months earlier in John’s personal timeline, but a hundred years in Holmes’ future.
, John thought. He was face to face with the most observant man in the world, who could read a lie on a man’s face as though he were reading a newspaper. “Sherlock, I-”
When he could breathe again, John looked down at Sherlock. Sherlock was still half-laughing and panting and humming with pleasure and aftershocks, all at once. John was overwhelmed for a moment with a swell of love for the man, this amazing, unique man – the only one in the world.
John ate quickly, methodically, his eyes darting between the window, the bookshelf where the camera had been hidden, the door. Sherlock found himself wanting to say, ‘
“Shush now, let them concentrate,” Mrs Hudson said, but John and Sherlock didn’t hear them. Sherlock was entirely focused on the angel hair caramel, his large hands cradling it with enormous care, coaxing it around the tower of pastries, while John put on the finishing touches; tucking his chocolate ornaments amongst the caramel – a gun, a magnifying glass, a caduceus, an Erlenmeyer beaker, two 2s, a 1, a B.
Sherlock Holmes, self-proclaimed sociopath, watched her cry for thirty seconds before a wide wave of his own grief and guilt welled up.
Sherlock rose out of the water, still laughing. They tripped their way back into the bedroom and collapsed, dripping, onto the fantastically tacky bed with the mirror overhead.
“John, your progress has been a pleasant surprise for me,” Mrs. Roshni said. She was giving John his mid-term evaluation, so the two of them were sitting together in the empty classroom, John’s works to date scattered over the table. “You had natural talent on the first day, but it’s been nice to see how much you’ve improved upon that.”
“Dunno.” Veronica shrugged. “I should call him too. How am I going to finish my thesis on voodoo practices if I can’t go back? It was supposed to be 18th century Haiti next.”
Sherlock fiddled a moment more with the device. “It’s a recorder too. I make notes for the conductor and send it as an MP3. Here we go.”
As the evening went on, despite his best efforts to stay in the present, Sherlock found that his thoughts strayed over and over again to the case. He felt he was so close, as if a single word would trigger the solution in his brain. Then the Commissioner would ask him a question, or they would be greeted by another high profile party attendee, and he would have to force himself to focus. At one point he realized that he hadn’t told John about his theory of the cases being connected, and briefly considered suggesting to John that they work on it together after the Ball. Then he looked over at the Commissioner, and remembered what his priority this evening should be, and who he would be going home with. He shook himself minutely. Focus, he thought, and ate another strawberry in a way that was guaranteed to get the Commissioner’s attention.
They found Jerome in the lab when they arrived. It was clear that Jerome had been losing sleep – his face, normally jovial and smiling, was lined and slightly gray. “Anything new?” he asked. “My boss is starting to lose patience. I’ll have to call the police in soon if we don’t figure this out soon.” Jerome stopped, registering the smile on Sherlock’s face. “Have you had a breakthrough?”
They began to move, maintaining contact by the edges of their hips and their arms encircling each other’s waists. Sherlock’s muscle memory kicked in; it had been years since he had learned the Ar-tine at the Academy. He had had a client, years ago, who could dance it, but he had danced with mere technical competence and not skill. Sherlock once heard him counting the beats under his breath.
Sherlock pointed to the high corners of the sitting room, then waved to the invisible audience. “Cameras. There, and there. You had better check your bedroom unless you want to put on a show for the security staff downstairs.”
Her chin lifted in a way that was ghostly familiar; it was clear in that moment whose child she was. “Wanna go see Daddy,” she repeated, and even her tone was like John’s – mulish and with an undertone of pure anger.
John shifted his hold on Sherlock as he gritted his teeth. “Not far now,” he said in a tone he prayed Sherlock would interpret correctly.
There was another jet at John’s feet, and it pushed him back where he came. John scrabbled helplessly at the tiles of the hot tub while he was thrown back and forth like a tennis ball in the water.
A few meters ahead, in the gloom of the forest, John could see the glint of metal. As they grew closer, he saw that it was a small scooter, similar to what he’d seen children playing with, leaned up against a tree. Next to that was a pile of earth, clearly recently disturbed.
“Watson asleep already? Anything on, I’m hungry,” Sherlock said, and for once John was grateful for Sherlock’s tendency to make a left turn in conversation. The Belstaff was whirled off and on the hook before John could blink.
He dashed across the street, snarling at the pool of light he was forced to cross. Footsteps clattered down the road; Maja had seen him. Gritting his teeth, Sherlock took the jacket away from his side as he ran, wincing as the cool air hit his wound. He ran towards the fountain at the centre of the park, knowing he was leaving droplets of blood behind him. He hoped he had enough of a lead ahead of her.
“And call whom?” Pavlović said, his eyebrow arching. “Mrs. Hudson is enroute and unreachable for several hours still. You have no romantic partner.” Pavlović stared at him sharply. “Your… brother, perhaps?”
“Hey.” John found himself flushing in embarrassment. Why was he embarrassed? He was a grown man and could do what he liked in his own sitting room. “You were at Scotland Yard?”
John stumbled out of the net area and towards the knot of people. He recognized some of them now – Veronica was all in black, her face startlingly painted as a skull; Jen was in a poodle skirt, her hair in a high ponytail. He sidled over to them.
“Of course he fired at you,” John snapped, peeved at the man’s blasé attitude toward killing an innocent man. “You were standing at his window in the middle of the night.”
He saw the water gather in her eyes, but she did not allow a tear to fall. She blinked, smiled brightly, and took a sip of tea. “Now it’s your turn to speak, Sherlock. Is it true that you have General Lin on your waiting list, you naughty boy?”
“I don’t think the foundation could take it. Think of the weight of all this water. We’ll land in her sitting room.”
“How many times do I have to say it... I was a witness, remember? She was the first to reach him when Juliet screamed, and stuck her fingers down his throat. Got most of the poison out of him. He’s likely to live because of her.” He saw John nodding approvingly beside him.
Students were taking their places around the room, sharpening their charcoal, chattering lowly in various levels of nervousness.
“We have to go, now.” He pulled Maja down the alley, hoping that it opened out onto Kosovska Street.
He could hear John whispering above him, just below the volume of the shower, just below his ability to hear exactly what he was saying. He glanced up. John was biting the heel of his hand, and a dark flush was creeping up his chest and neck. His eyes were locked on Sherlock. Sherlock smiled as best he could around John’s cock, and began to direct John’s hips to thrust into his mouth. John whisper-moaned, tangled his free hand into Sherlock’s hair, and started to drive his cock into Sherlock’s mouth with short, sharp movements.
Assuming that Mycroft’s estimates were correct, the bomb would have hit Britain, perhaps even London itself. Given the impact he had heard, it had indeed landed in London, but to the east. If it had struck central London, they would certainly not have survived.
John looked up at the ceiling, and thought of everything that had happened since he had met Sherlock. Then he looked at Sherlock in the eyes, and sang, “
Just after midnight, the door to John and Maja’s room crashed open. “For God’s sake, can you not let us rest in peace?” John shouted.
“He’s the top Admiral with the New Alliance and he’s suffering from severe depression. His visits to you are the only thing that keeps him functioning. You don’t want a man with bottled up emotions in charge of our military, do you?”
“Go home and change, and for God’s sake don’t forget to return your costume,” Michael said. “Waters will come to your flat, you know. Want to grab a pint tomorrow?”
“Daddy!” Rosie screamed. Sherlock let his arms relax, and Rosie flew out of his arms and into John’s. John held her close but didn’t stop staring at Sherlock, his face pale and wet, his jaw fallen open.
“Steady hand, steady arm. No one else could do it. Only one in the world. Have to keep him away. It’s in the air, not the sugar. In the air, can’t see it. Can’t see it coming but I can. It’s coming. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Steady. Steady.”
The embassy was so close, so tantalizingly close. Where were the cameras? The cameras would cover the grounds, the gate. If Sherlock could see the cameras, surely the cameras would see him.
“The theatre one. So strange. If they’d made a televidder with that story, I wouldn’t watch, it would be too unbelievable.”
John and Sherlock were quiet in the car on the way back to the flat, but Sherlock was smiling inwardly to himself. John seemed to take up more room in the car than he had on the way out; sitting taller, shoulders wider. He held his cane, tapping absently on the floor with it. When they had left the studio, Sherlock had passed him the cane, but John carried it loosely rather than leaning on it. Sherlock wondered at John’s injuries which had made the cane necessary in the first place, but realized that there would be no private time when he could ask.
you, wasn’t it? I wonder how John would react if he knew you married him after you shot his friend.”
Anderson’s lip twitched, but he pulled the magno-key from his pocket and released the cuffs. The stage manager sighed and winced as her arms fell forward. John stepped up to her.
A gust of laughter burst out of John before he could stop it. “No, not – no. Holmes, I-” John realized that he had to bring the topic back around to the point. He was not here to give Holmes a lecture on the future of gay rights, but there was an issue that had to be resolved. “Look, Holmes. I thank you for sharing your history with me, and trusting me with it. But the fact of the matter is that I committed a transgression: I kissed you without your permission, without your consent. I should never have done that, and I apologize.”
John seemed to know that Sherlock was not telling the whole of the story, but said nothing. Sometimes he would catch John staring at him, but would pretend to sleep. If Rosie was in his arms, he assumed John was gazing at his daughter, glad that she was alive after all.
So John was surprised to be woken, hours later, by the creak of his bedroom door and the sight of Sherlock’s sharp silhouette in the doorway.
“A case and a night in Brighton? Of course it is,” John said, warming with affection. “But let’s do Angelo’s too, when we get home. Can’t let him feel left out.”
The alley was dark and cool and abruptly quiet after the tumult of the Ball. John stopped and turned to face Sherlock, leaning against the rough brick. Sherlock saw that the bead of sweat had multiplied, that John’s face was florid and dewy. John’s eyes were serious and steady as he stepped closer to Sherlock and placed his hands on Sherlock’s waist.
“It’s unlikely we’ll find our perpetrator on this trip,” Sherlock said, “but hopefully find some kind of evidence of who they are, or possibly where the coin is now. Nonetheless, keep an eye open.” He fiddled with his phone for a moment, and then both Jerome’s and John’s phones chirped. “I’ve just sent you the security camera video. Study the thief’s build, their posture, their gait – that’s how we’ll identify them.”
Warmth spread through John’s chest, warmth that he hadn’t felt since he’d returned. He cleared his throat, licked his lips, tried to let what they were saying sink in. “Human error?”
He broke eye contact and turned back to the centre of the room, sliding his jacket from his shoulders and hanging it on the back of the desk chair. John stood frozen for a moment, uncomprehending, then belatedly sprang into action, dropping his finished pictures on the coffee table and scooping up his sketchbook. There was a brief scrabble for pencils at the bottom of his bag. Then he sat in his chair next to the fire, and waited.
Mycroft pressed his lips together and tilted his head to one of the guards at his side. Two things happened at once: one guard began to open the gate, and a second guard went to the main door of the embassy. He returned, with another guard, with Maja between them. She was handcuffed, and the guards looped their hands through her elbows. She looked angry and sulky, but followed them quietly.
“-he just gets – we work together, and when a case comes up he gets worked up and impatient and a bit-”
He sidestepped around Sherlock to the fireplace and grabbed a poker. “You stay where you are, and don’t you come near our room. I’ll have this and I won’t hesitate to brain you.”
“Physically, yes, but that was extremely traumatic. I thought I would be the best person to handle the situation.” Sherlock/Victor reached out and grabbed John’s hand. “I know this is confusing. I’m confused too, but you can help best by finding the coin, wrapping up the case, and getting us away from here.”
“Later, Mycroft.” Sherlock wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his silk robe. “It’s Lestrade. I have a case.”
Greg went back to the interrogation room, hoping to catch Hopkins with Sherlock’s kit, but she was nowhere in sight. Seeing some paper on the table, Greg went in to clear the room. To his surprise, he found that it was Sherlock’s paperwork, filled out messily but completely.
He began to play. Holmes played beautifully, his whole body arching, eyes closed, clearly lost in the music. John watched him for a while, then opened his journal and wrote:
“The basic rule of physics. I know it too. And… I think I believed in it a bit too much. It made me afraid. Afraid to take action, for fear of the reaction. The opposite reaction.”
“Get in, Mr. Holmes,” Pavlović said. He moved to Sherlock’s other arm, and they pulled him towards the car.  Sherlock summoned what strength he had left, and resisted. The momentum kept them all moving down the pavement.
,” he sighed. “Get the stero-spray – no, not that one, the blue can – and spray it over the wound, right out to the edges. Then get the aero-bandage and spray a thin layer – shouldn’t need any steri-strips but-”
“I certainly didn’t want to be front and centre,” Sherlock frowned. “I tried to leave discreetly, but the actors had already blabbed to the newsvidders and I got snapped. It’s not like I sat down to an interview.”
“Hey, you were the one that got stuck with the Victorian morgue study, weren’t you?” Veronica said. “You poor sod.”
John shifted his hands until they rested, feather-light, on Sherlock’s knees. Sherlock was frozen, his arms and legs heavy with shock and disbelief, but he pushed all his will and energy into lifting his hands until they lay on top of John’s. John stared at their hands, then up at his face.
Dust was still rolling through the ballroom. The floating chandelier had crashed in the centre of the dance floor, where he and John had been dancing only a few minutes earlier. Wails and sirens cut through the air.
John looked up and saw Mrs. Hudson staring down at his leg, at his torn trousers and the blood tracing the edges of the ripped cloth. “I’m so sorry, Mrs. Hudson – it’s nothing, nothing at all.”
She came closer and lifted his arm slightly to take his blood pressure. He shook his manacled hand a bit at her, raising his eyebrows hopefully. To his dismay, she shook her head, and mimed him pulling out his IV. He shook his head again, trying to express with his face ‘
John took a breath, tried to remember how full sentences worked. “The water. In the bath. Is green.”
I tell him about the café. I don’t tell him about Boo. I tell him about my sister in Finland. I don’t tell him about Martin. I want him to see the best side of me. I don’t want him to know I’m a complete fuck up.
“And do you see, sir, that the wood of the window frame splintered in the manner that it did, that this bullet must have come from outside the window, and not from Mrs. Cubitt, who was clearly inside?”
Thirty years after the Miranda Wars, there is peace, both on the Rim and the Core planets. There are a number of old social mores still in place, such as the Order of Companions, but there is a sense that even such respected practices are coming to an end…
John then took the bent poker and hooked it over the rope. To the bottom side of the hook he hung another loop of rope, about three feet in diameter. Maja stepped onto the window sill, and John helped her to sit in the loop, making sure it was tucked securely under her. Then with a brief, unreadable glance at Sherlock, he pushed Maja gently away from him.
“I’m sure Bach was considered ‘contemporary’ and ‘modern’ once,” John said. He stood and moved over to Sherlock’s stereo, replacing Sherlock’s iPod with his own. “Let’s try this,” he said, fiddling with the screen. “Call it an experiment.”
Holmes thought about that for a moment, his mouth a straight, thin line. Then he nodded, acknowledging the point. John decided to press his point farther.
Jerome must have heard anyway, as his voice was a little less affable as he said, “The idea was that we’d bring you in, and when you’ve figured out the thief, and the location of the coin, then we’ll bring in the police to make the arrest, and that’s
“She – she says that she suspected before we left Prokuplje, but she wasn’t sure, didn’t say anything to me. She convinced that female guard – the one that looks like a tank – to buy her a pregnancy test, and it was positive. So they brought her back.”
Without thinking, John stepped forward, checked his hip into Hope, throwing him off balance. He quickly twisted his leg around Hope’s, shifted, and Hope flipped over John’s hip to land with a crash. John quickly turned the groaning Hope onto his front and kneeled on his back.
“So Garrideb – I mean Evans – may believe that there is something of interest in the house that Prescott left behind when he was killed?”
His phone rang occasionally, but he ignored it. The only person he wanted to speak with was two hundred years away.
At that moment, John heard the muffled sound of a knock at the door, and Holmes grinned broadly – and perhaps a little madly. “You are about to discover, Dr. Watson. I believe that is a message from Detective Gregson of Scotland Yard, and he, as he frequently does, needs my help.”
“The Embassy isn’t far from here. They have cameras on the gates and on the street just outside. You just will need to get close for them to recognize you, and you’ll be safe.”
He had stripped off his jumper and was down to his vest. He was wearing a pair of tap shoes that were clearly old and had seen better days. He had clearly been dancing for some time – his vest was dark and stained, and his face was ruddy and sweaty from exertion.
As if in answer, John heard a crash and tinkle of a drinking glass or beaker breaking. John waited for Sherlock’s “Damn it!” which usually came after such a sound, but - nothing. John wondered if Sherlock had been holding something and fallen asleep, dropping it. Unusual but not surprising, it had happened before.
“I – And I knew you were a preening, opportunistic bitch!” Sherlock said, trying to recover from his surprise.
“We’ll go ahead with the plan. Just – I want to get Maja out too. More than ever, now. I don’t want Pavlović to have anything over me, over the baby. He has our passports, and I don’t see him giving them back in a hurry. He’s a manipulative bastard, and he’ll just keep using us and using us. I don’t see a baby changing his mind about that – he’ll just see it as another way he’s got us under his thumb.”
He rubbed his face with his hands, hard, as if that could erase the memory of the dream. It was a dark and cold dream, with hard floors and unforgiving steel doors, the stench of death, and cruel laughter. His fist ached with remembered pain. Sherlock at his feet, looking up at him, blood falling down his face.
“They just don’t want to be reminded that their agents broke every United Nations rule there is when they dealt with me.”
diagonally across the room. “I have a feeling that I could perform the prima ballerina solo from Swan Lake and it wouldn’t really matter.”
“Oh shut up,” snapped Sherlock. “Lestrade, I know your people usually can’t find their own shoes once they’re tied on, but it absolutely must be-”
I look up to see that we’re nearly at my flat, and say so, but I think I hear him say, very softly, “For the best, really.”
Sherlock smiled shyly at him, a look John would never had imagined a year ago, and turned to the front desk. A few moments later, he and Sherlock were walking down the hall.
[They do a series of leaps, rotating in the air as they run. They perform four, then finish with a sideways roll across the floor; they leap to their feet, freeze for two beats, then start a new combination.]
All the breath was squeezed out of Sherlock’s lungs. He looked over at Rosie, who was still staring at Peppa Pig, absently tapping two blocks together.
“We’ll be in contact shortly,” John said, rising with Cubitt and shaking his hand. He tilted his head towards Holmes and said, “He simply needs time to… think.”
, he thought, but did not say. Companions were becoming more and more rare on Persephone; he had just heard that Anya had decided to retire. Of course the news vidders would want a picture of the best and one of the last Companions on Persephone. This was not ego, he told himself, but the truth.
“Shall we test that hypothesis?” John said, his whole face breaking open with a smile, his heart breaking open.
John was able to grab the side of the tub and yank himself free of the powerful streams of water. Much more awkwardly than he would have liked, he hauled himself out of the water and sat on the side of the tub, panting with indignation. He looked back at Sherlock.
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I don’t know about you two, but I’m exhausted and want to sleep in my own bed tonight.”
“Don’t be afraid,” John said, more to Brigit than to Mrs. Perry, as Mrs. Perry looked like she had more steel in her. “We just need to find out what happened. Tell us everything you remember.”
He looked at Maja, who had also stopped. John’s face was still creased and angry, but he spoke a few soft words. Sherlock was too far away to hear, separated by distance and a pane of thick glass.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Ah, I think I see. This situation with this Wilde fellow, the threat of arrest, has rattled you. You wish to cut ties with me and run, remove yourself from the danger that our relationship has become.”
there. He never allowed himself to be sentimental about a piece, once it was finished. It was always on to the next: the next production, the next flight, the next city. The next costume fitting, the next rehearsal hall. The next piece of choreography to challenge him and for him to master. The next scene. The next solo. The next plie. The next breath. Next next next.
“D’you think your little one might want to play?” Gemma said, though Sherlock wondered if these children would ever truly ‘play’ again. “She’s doing so well, and she might help some of the others.”
Mycroft slid a small black box across the table. Sherlock sighed impatiently, opened it - and found himself speechless.
The Director subtly shifted to an unobtrusive corner of the room as Sherlock’s head rose at the sound of Mycroft’s voice.
“If you’ve filed it, don’t go looking for it now, you’ve been doing so well. Any song without a strong melody of its own should do. Like a nursery rhyme.”
“While my father’s methods were not subtle, as I grew, I could see that he was correct – men did not marry men. One could have male friendships, generally in conjunction with sports, for instance, which as a child was not, admittedly, my area of expertise. Intimate relationships were reserved for a man and a woman only.
John looked at Sherlock, saw his sadness and his regret. They had both made an error in judgement, and if they wanted to solve this case, recompense must be made.
Mrs Turner tugged at Mrs Hudson’s sleeve a little urgently, the same uneasy look on her face. “I’m getting to it, dear,” Mrs Hudson said, a bit snappishly. “We’re just a little curious,” she said, “we don’t
Sherlock sighed, and walked further into the shower room. No cameras, thank God; they would give him a certain amount of modesty, though he wouldn’t take a bet that there were no microphones.
He asked Mrs. Hudson, who giggled and blushed and agreed, but did look slightly put out when John explained that, for his present purposes, she should keep her clothes on for her sitting. He hoped desperately that she would never mention the idea again.
[The music moves into the chorus, and John and Sherlock move into a standard timestep. Sherlock’s moves are technically accurate, but he’s clearly thinking about it harder than John, who is moving as naturally as breathing.]
Sherlock kept his face towards the water, towards the skyline of Persephone City, away from Jim, even as Jim’s breath puffed hot in his ear. “I knew for a long time that there was a single source of many of the crimes on Persephone; the spider in the centre of the web. That there was one relatively intelligent guiding hand behind the criminals who were intellectually barely above pillow drool. The question became who – who was the guiding hand, who was the spider.”
“Pavlović came back, probably to check on us. Possibly even to take me away to another location. It would have only been a matter of moments until he came up to the flat and found we were gone. John went back to stall him.”
“Got it,” Sherlock muttered, and the lock gave way. They slipped in quickly, and John closed the door and leaned against it.
He tucked the newspaper away in his jacket pocket, and stood, brushing the pastry crumbs off his front and mustache. Perhaps he could ask around, once he got to know a few people here.
Fleabag and John attempt another date, and it's another disaster. Fleabag learns a bit more about Sherlock and confronts him about it.
The chess game that Jim and Sherlock play is based on Yoko Ono's art piece, where all the pieces are white. Jim's set, of course, is all black.
“I don’t know. I don’t like not knowing,” Sherlock said. “I suspect that their ultimate intention is
“For instance, I see great improvements in perspective between the first exercise – your fruit bowl – and the life class last week,” she said, pointing at each. “I’d like you to go back and do the fruit bowl again, with what you’ve learned, see what is different for you.”
Sherlock searched his memory for information about nuclear attacks – there wasn’t much, mostly left over from his childhood in the 80s before the end of the Cold War. What he found was still not encouraging. There would be two waves of damage: one from the initial impact, and one from the after effects of the nuclear device, whatever it was. They had survived the first. Next was the after effects, and it was for this reason Mycroft had instructed them to stay inside for at least five days. After that, they could make their way to Whitehall and Mycroft’s further assistance.
“I don’t understand any of this!” Maja wailed, but quietly. “I don’t understand why Pavlović doesn’t let us go home, doesn’t let you go home, doesn’t call the embassy for you. Why they take me away? Why did we need to do such dangerous things to get out?”
Groaning softly, Sherlock crawled out of the hedge. Maja was not in sight, and it was nearly morning. He straightened up, pulled a leaf out of his hair, and walked as quickly as he could manage towards the western boundary of the park.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide as John shucked his shirt and threw it in the corner. John pulled his white t-shirt off, throwing it after his shirt, but paused, his thoughts turning inward.
Sherlock collapsed a little into John’s arms, the tension draining out of him in a moment. “Then why are you lying to me?” he said, his voice low and lost.
A few days later, and Sherlock was sure enough of standing up on his own to allow him the luxury of a wash. There was not a lot of water to spare for bathing, obviously, but even a couple of inches of lukewarm water in a basin was gratefully received, and Sherlock emerged feeling less animalistic and more like a human being. He realized that he had last bathed the morning that John had brought Rosie over, and his hair had still been damp when he’d opened the door to them.
“I read the agony columns and the crime section, John,” Sherlock said. “Everything else is just gossip.”
John was gentle but not so gentle as to make Sherlock impatient. Soon he had three fingers knuckle deep inside, and Sherlock’s hands were scrabbling at John’s shoulders. He pulled at John until John was forced to pull his hand away, then rolled back on top of Sherlock’s body again.
“You couldn’t have known that would be the outcome,” John said firmly. “Now come on, you know the local constabulary will get it wrong, and the poor woman will be punished. You know she didn’t do it, Holmes.”
John found himself caught up in Holmes’ energy, and followed him down the stairs. As if by mutual agreement, they both stopped at the foot of the stairs and gathered themselves, resuming a calmer demeanour. John had a sudden image of himself and Holmes charging into the sitting room like boys on Christmas morning.
“I have to admit it’s pretty cool. I’ll have to bring the sprogs the next weekend I’ve got them. But keep an eye open, John – the aquarium manager really is a bit of a dick, so try not to kill him, or let Sherlock kill him, all right?”
“We’re pretty isolated out here,” said John, in a matter of fact tone, “but we still get thieves. When we first started living here we had the gas drained a few times. Now we siphon off the gas at night, take the battery out and store it someplace safe.”
“I don’t mind telling you it’s a mess, John. And I’ve seen my share of messes. From what I’ve heard, one of Lassiter’s students at Magdalene was trying to go back to 1957 Indiana, and ended up in 1978 Iran – a twenty one year and a huge geographical slippage. It took them ages to get the fix, and when they did they had a hell of a time extracting him. Then they looked back and found that the last several drops had had an unacceptable degree of slippage, none as great as that but still, it should have been caught earlier. The tech couldn’t figure out what went wrong, and Lassiter called Dr. Ishiwaka to ask him why there would be such slippage. Ishiwaka told him about divergence and creating anomalies, and now Lassiter thinks that’s what happened. I told him that the system was built to prevent such things from happening, but I couldn’t explain what happened with the drop either.
“Thank you, Doctor Watson,” Holmes said. He stood and gestured to the body. “Would you examine Mr. Cubitt, please, while I investigate the blood splatter that you noted.”
Sherlock and John stared at each other. It was clear from John’s face that this was not normal procedure for taking off; and Sherlock knew his eyes were as wide as John’s. “What do we-”
The singlet followed the plaid shirt on the bench. Sherlock’s breath was momentarily taken away by the sight of a star-shaped bullet scar on John’s shoulder. John had mentioned being shot during his career as a soldier, in Kandahar, before he joined MI6; Sherlock assumed this was the wound that sent him back from Afghanistan. Seeing it now, the severity of it, he was grateful that John had made it back at all.
He kisses me on the cheek. “You’re really lovely,” he says, and I hear a car horn outside. “I’m sorry,” he says again, and he should really just get cards made up that say that.
The crowd gasped as John emerged onto the dance floor. His ill-fitting suit and demeanor made it blatantly obvious to everyone in the hall that he was not one of the elite, that he was a hired man. Sherlock smiled at him as John ignored the murmur of scandal running around the hall, and John took his hand.
He shouldn’t be surprised at all. After all, Sherlock had also taken a surly soldier, not interested in anything, and transformed him.
“That’s all true.” Sherlock pursed his lips. The situation was so complex now, it was hard to summarize in a way that Maja would understand. “Several years ago I did something here that made the government angry. Pavlović is taking his revenge by keeping me here, but I want to go back to England.” He frowned. “He’s gotten you two mixed up in all this too, I don’t understand why either. But John is worried that Pavlović will not allow you to live in peace, and he wants to get you and the baby out of the country.”
“I do as well. But, Sherlock,” John thought that he needed to be the responsible one in this situation. It was up to John to slow the pace. “We do not have to. This, just this, is perfection. We need not do more.”
,” Mycroft’s voice went sharp, and the combination of his tone and the French language they had both grown up with brought Sherlock’s mind back like a slammed door. He straightened his back.
Part of me wants to rip him a new one. Tell him to fuck off and slug him one. Get the waiter to throw him out, or make enough fuss to get John back here and let him toss him. Remind this posh idiot that his flatmate is a grown man and can make his own decisions. But I see just a flash of something there that makes me stop.
Holmes startled, but only a little. He made no attempt to hide the needle. “Ah, Watson. I see that your trip to Whittington Hospital was a success, but that the Underground did not agree with you.”
John started the song and moved to the centre of the dance floor, facing Sherlock. “And what is it Your Majesty requires of me?”
Greg sidled quietly up to the door of the observation half of the interrogation room. There stood John, facing the one-way glass, leaning on the ledge there, beside himself with laughter. He took no notice of Greg behind him, clearly distracted. Greg’s brow knotted in confusion, and he quietly moved so he could look into the other room.
That blush, warming red over Sherlock’s ivory skin, make John stop. “I used to roll my eyes when people talked about Christmas miracles,” he said. “It all seemed so trite. Miracles didn’t happen, it was all just hard work and bad luck and just… getting on, you know?”
Sherlock tried to speak but suddenly couldn’t find his breath. He knew he couldn’t laugh but oh, he wanted to. “John, he’s a police officer.”
“Perhaps I’ve overestimated you after all, my dear,” Jim said as he studied the bug. “Perhaps you are as stupid as everyone else.” He dropped the tiny recorder and crushed it underfoot. “Ah well, there’s still your body. I’ll just enjoy fucking you.”
“Aw, that’s good to see,” Gemma said, breaking Sherlock’s reverie. He looked at John, and was surprised that John was not looking at Rosie, but at him, and he was frowning.
Water from the shower poured down their bodies, washing Sherlock’s hair into his face, and he pushed it back. Tiny droplets found their way through Sherlock’s lips and into his mouth, mixing with the salty precum from John on his tongue. Sherlock opened his throat and let the taste slide to the back of his soft palate.
Dunworthy clapped John on the shoulder twice, then bent over to dig into his briefcase. “I had Colin do some digging for you,” he said. He pulled out a bundle of envelopes and handed them to John. “Here are letters of introduction to the Chiefs of Medicine for the target hospitals in London. We’ve checked each of them and there’s little to no risk of divergence. Just give the letter to the Chief and ask for a tour of the hospital, including the morgues. Your cover story is that you’re building a new hospital in Stirling, and want to do research. Take lots of notes.”
The following Sunday found the judges gathered once again in the lounge, looking solemn. (John didn’t know, but Sherlock suspected that Molly had lectured Lestrade rather harshly for laughing at Sherlock, so he was overcompensating now.) Mrs Turner had returned, but even John noticed that she was choosing to sit very near Lestrade and still kept a wary eye on Sherlock.
The room was small and bare, the concrete block walls painted impersonally white with no painting or decoration to break their monotony. A plain wooden chair was next to the iron bed he was lying in. Turning his head slightly he could see a number of IV poles, and a monitor clipped to his right index finger. The room was bright, but with artificial light. No window. Not an English hospital bed, then. He peered at the bags hanging from the IV poles, and could see Cyrillic figures. Very likely Serbia then. This was not good.
“What’s got you so cheesed?” Jen said, as she checked a line of data. “This is such an easy assignment, easy peasy.”
Sherlock’s recovery was not without difficulties. John declared him to be severely dehydrated and malnourished, even more so than usual, and confirmed that he had been concussed, so he was restricted to his cot for most of the time, only allowed to stand if John was nearby.
“Yes. Mycroft, look – I asked them to not use opioids unless they had to. Sherlock has always said he’d prefer to avoid them in case…”
, your clothes are still wet,” John said, half growling and half laughing. “Should have gotten you out of these clothes sooner.”
Holmes smiled, a crooked smile that John had not seen before, and he wondered if anyone had seen that smile before. Then Holmes leaned forward, careful and slow, and pressed his lips to John’s.
“I’d never heard of it,” John said, “but it seems interesting.” In fact, he had heard of it; an old girlfriend had been obsessed with it. She had thought John enjoyed it too but he hadn’t paid much attention. She had dumped him when she caught him playing Sudoku on his phone during the finals.
Everything was chaotic and messy for the next few minutes. The police arrived, responding to the sound of gunfire, then Lestrade was sent for. With every new police officer that entered the room, John broke into a fresh wave of gut-wrenching fear.
,” Sherlock said, with a trace of impatience in his voice. He reached out and cupped John’s cheek in his hand.
Sherlock pressed his lips together, silencing John, then took a long breath. “I’ve been thinking since then, and I think – I think I don’t want to keep the secret anymore.”
Sherlock stepped out onto the outer balcony of Jim’s skyhome, letting the wind whip his hair around. The smooth expanse of water far below glinted in the sun. He tipped his face up to the light, and observed the newsvidder drones flying about. He felt as though he’d been surrounded, caged in by newsvidders for the last three hours – constantly flashing in his face, capturing images of him and Jim as they signed the contract, shook hands, smiled, smiled, smiled.
He stood in stunned silence for a long time, staring at the only place he had ever truly considered home. Rosie seemed to appreciate his shock, or shared it, for she too was quiet, looking out over the street with wide eyes, thumb in her mouth.
John was surprised that Sherlock had come. There had been a flyer with the date on Mrs. Hudson’s fridge, and perhaps Mrs. Hudson had told him about it, but she had already been and gone. It was quite possible that Sherlock had simply figured it out by the shoes John had put on that morning. John wasn’t surprised by such deductions any more – he had just thought Sherlock didn’t care enough about the whole thing to come.
Amniculusite and stultorumite are totally made up names of minerals, but the Latin root of amniculus is ‘waterfall’, and stultorum is ‘fool’. Take from that what you will.
“Perfect.” John kissed him again, and this time Sherlock responded. John felt more of Sherlock’s tension leave his body. “Now. You get a telegram off to your brother, and we’ll pack.”
Sherlock sat, ramrod straight in his chair, quivering with tension. “He’s no more guilty than I am. No one questioned me, and I disappeared right after the dance as well. He was with me.”
He was examining a Grecian perfume bottle when he heard Holmes call softly, “Watson! Come here, look at this!”
Sherlock stared at John, agog. How did he not know that? He stood, picked up the petri dish with the orange slurry, and threw the whole thing in the dustbin.
, and Sherlock could smell him, and John’s hands were on the edge of the bed, right by Sherlock’s knees, and his thumbs were brushing the material of his trousers. Sherlock’s mind was a riot of noise and confusion and John’s smell.
His logic was that perhaps Mycroft and his colleagues were still in their bunker, and not able to see Sherlock on the surface because of the destruction of the cameras. Waiting would be sensible, until they came out. Yes.
If the kiss in Garrideb’s rooms had been good, with adrenaline and relief flooding his veins, this kiss was wonderful. It was careful, and soft, and chaste, but completely mutual. It was merely lips against lips, but Holmes was gentle and a little tentative, and John reflected that care as he kissed back. After a moment, Holmes sat back, his eyes fluttering.
Instead he turned as cautiously as he could. Now that he knew they were there, he couldn’t take the risk of walking and being seen, so he crawled back the way he had come.
The next lesson was on perspective, and John spent a few hours sitting at the window of the sitting room, staring down Baker Street toward Marylebone. First he sketched the basic lines of the street and buildings, then filled in the details of the windows and signs and cars. He wasn’t entirely pleased with the result, but satisfied enough.
The ride back to the flat was silent, as it usually was. John was staring out the window, his hand gripping the head of his cane. Sherlock glanced at him briefly, wanting desperately to drink in the sight of him for minutes, hours, but forced himself to turn away and look out his own window. They had to be more careful than ever now.
As the bells of St. Paul’s chimed nine, he opened up his valise, and pulled out the bundle of letters Dunworthy had given him. He pulled the first one from the pile and examined it:
“Well, you know us low life people.” John held up his palm, cupped. “You put the tea in your hand, pour the hot water over top, and squeeze the tea out.”
“I have to have someplace to store music, after all, John. You know how important it is to my thinking process.”
“I’m glad you decided to go shirtless. This looks…” John’s voice trailed away, and he traced a finger along the edge of the waistline, fingertips brushing the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s lower belly.
It was a long walk from the car park to the theatre, but when they arrived at the area, it was full of cheery volunteers, children playing, and audience members enjoying a picnic while they waited for the play to start. John and Sherlock paid their admission fee and looked over the grounds.
In a moment, he knew. He knew how to respond, and it was so simple. He should have thought of it years ago.
“Now look, young man. That ‘chemistry’ gets you those scones and muffins and biscuits you like so much, so mind your tongue.”
Moira looked at the screen again, looked at the agitated movements of the man. He reminded her a bit of her brother.
“Home?” Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t leave without him, surely wouldn’t leave, wouldn’t give up on him… “I would like to use a phone, please.”
He could hear Holmes’ rapid step on the stairs, and tucked his journal away quickly, just in time for Holmes to enter the flat like a ball from a cannon.
John smiled despite himself, felt his face cracking, and he wept for the first time since he’d come back.
Sherlock/Victor stood, brushing the dirt from his clothes. “Sherlock had recognized the thief and followed him, and he’s pretty sure that the perpetrator was heading to where he’d hidden the coin. The guy must have realized Sherlock was following him and got the bead on him. He managed to give Sherlock a good clonk on the head, enough to stun him, and bundled him into that stage coffin before Sherlock could defend himself.”
Then he saw Sherlock – or rather, just his head. Coming from the side of the observation window. Parallel to the floor.
“I was going to say, magnificent,” John grinned. He was glad Bahdri was a good sport about the whole thing, even though it was ages ago. The whole Mary thing had been a disaster, and he and Bahdri had agreed long ago that they were better friends than lovers.
He stands, and turns to John and Sherlock, and visibly pulls himself together. “Gentlemen, I think I should go. I hope you believe me when I say I haven’t heard from my brother in many years, and from what you say, I think I never will again.”
Mycroft never really recovered his ability to speak, and Sherlock never fully learned what had happened to him between the phone call on that awful day and the day he arrived at St. Paul’s. They eventually developed a kind of sign language between them. Sherlock was grateful to have his brother back, but he often wished, more than anything, to have an argument with him.
“Experimenting, yes,” Sherlock said. He got Rosie’s attention again with a spoonful of bright green mush. “Watson’s old enough for proper food now, so I’m conducting an experiment to discover her taste preferences. So far she’s reacted positively to applesauce, sweet potato, carrots, and-” he put some food into her open and waiting mouth, “- peas. Texture appears to be a factor.” He pushed his notebook over to John. “As you can see I’ve rated her reactions based on colour, texture, and taste.”
“Come on, move!” said a woman with tightly curled hair. “There’s another rendez-vous in five minutes, hurry up.”
I glance across the restaurant. John and Sherlock are seated in a corner: John’s casually looking in our direction, as though looking for the waiter; Sherlock is simultaneously eating from John’s plate, texting, and holding John’s hand. Honestly I don’t know how he does that.
“My brother told me that it was an unusual proposal – that whetted my interest. It is, admittedly, not what I was expecting.”
They walked hand in hand down the hallway. Sherlock led John to his room, which was astonishingly neat compared to the rest of the flat.  Sherlock lit a candle by the bedside, throwing shadows around the room. If Sherlock was beautiful by day, he was breathtaking by candlelight. John couldn’t help tracing the shadows that formed along his cheekbones. Sherlock put his arms around John’s shoulders, closed his eyes, and breathed a shaky sigh.
He was about to lie and say ‘fascinating’, but then the door to the morgue swung open to reveal Holmes, up to his elbows in a corpse, with Gregson looking faintly ill on the other side of the table.
“It’s the Great British Bake Off,” Mrs Hudson explained. “I watch it every year. This is the Christmas special, so there’s celebrities on as well.”
Then he heard it. Just outside the bathroom door, he heard a sound that he hadn’t heard in a long time. Not the sound of gunfire far off, often heard in Afghanistan; not the chaos of a crowded A&E on a Saturday night. This was something he heard more in the pub drinking days of his twenties, when young people were restless and aching for a drink and a fight.
After days of not seeing anyone or speaking to anyone but Rosie, Sherlock found that the conversation was leaving him flat-footed. “Perhaps. I’ll think about it.”
Thinking it was best to not give anything away, he said, “We will see, Brigit, once Mr. Holmes and Inspector Martin have finished their investigation.”
The playground was strangely intact. The slide was lying on its side, the ladder twisted and bent, but the climbing frame was whole and solid. The swings were tangled up, but it was the work of a moment and they jangled free. Sherlock lifted Rosie onto the seat of a swing and gave her a push. The rush of laughter that poured out of her was nearly worth all the hardship of the last three weeks.
, John thinks, but before his brain can translate this down to words in his mouth, Sherlock is there, lowering himself down the rope hand over hand, and then splashing next to him. The moonlight glints off his white shirt, and illuminates the well.
Sherlock turned to face the horizon, towards the city. He stretched his arms out and let himself sway forward. He heard Jim scream his name, felt a tiny tug on his robe as Jim tried to grab it, then the pull of gravity took hold of him and he fell.
He leaves, closing the door quietly after himself with a click. I’m still on the sofa, like I’m frozen in place, my hair a mess, my blouse rucked up. Out the window, I can see John walking to a cab waiting across the street. He looks pissed and sheepish all at once. There’s a tall man in a dark coat leaning against the cab; he opens the door and they get in and drive off.
“I set up a lab in my bedroom as a child,” Sherlock said. He took one of Jim’s pawns. “My parents never knew until I made a small explosion and broke a window.”
? The day you came to me to help me, the day I gave you the elephant with the note, I knew. I knew you loved me, but I couldn’t say anything – my home was bugged and I knew Moriarty was listening to every word. That would have put you at risk, and I couldn’t bear that.”
“Don’t mind if I do.” John took the cup and sat back, blowing across the top of the tea and disturbing the ribbons of steam as they floated up. “Just thinkin’ about that poor
“No,” he says shortly, and that’s the end of it. (The fuck does that mean?) He stands and puts his jacket on. “Mind if we go for a walk?”
“Happy, excellent, very good,” Holmes said, and John heard a note of impatience in his voice. “I take it your concerns are in relation to your wife.”
“I thought you-” John stopped, and looked down at his feet, clearing his throat again and again. “You said you were going to him, and I thought – and then your note – thank God I found your note.”
Sherlock was in the bath, folded up as if he was on his chair at home, his arms wrapped around his legs, his head fallen forward over his knees. He was still fully dressed.
There was a faint dirt road running east/west beside the house. He stood at the side of the road for a moment, wondering which direction would bear the most fruit. He could see no sign of civilization in either direction. He jogged a little way down the road, westward, ignoring the pain in his ribs. After only a few hundred meters he stopped, his legs wobbly and weak. He had no idea if this was the best direction to a larger town or city. He could be going in the opposite direction of where he needed to go.
John leaned back against the headboard. “Well, what do I do now? Don’t get me wrong,” he said, tracing Sherlock’s lips with a fingertip, “I’m glad to be here, with you. Grateful for a home. But not sure what after that.”
“Shut up. I saw you in the water and saw you were startin’ to struggle. Now, just rest for a bit, all right? Lie back.”
Sherlock freezes and goes pale, I didn’t think was possible for him to be even more pale. He swallows and swallows. His mouth opens but nothing comes out.
He thought for a bit, then pulled out his mobile and punched in a number he’d memorized a long time ago, but never actually dialed.
Sherlock’s eyes glinted with excitement, as if the case was new. “I think I know my error – focusing on only a single facet of the case. I’ve been concentrating on matching the pH levels of the earth sample, whereas there are multiple ways in which we can track down the source of the sample, and therefore our killer. Come on, John, back to the lab.”
Silently, Greg moved away from the doorway and a little bit back down the hall. He waited a moment, then pulled his keys from his pocket and rattled them while saying loudly, “Honest to God, that Riggs, I can’t believe-”
John’s Adam’s apple jumped as he swallowed, and he nodded minutely. John’s eyes flickered away from Sherlock’s, to the upper corners of the room, and Sherlock knew he was checking for cameras. John nodded again, almost to himself, and his hands went up to his shirt and began to unbutton.
Sherlock blinked, then untwisted himself and faced forward in his chair. John thought that he should be stiff and aching from being so still for so long, but Sherlock simply rolled his shoulders and stood.
Pavlović smiled. “I saw you dance when you were here last. 2013, wasn’t it?” He put on his hat, and moved to the door. “You were sublime. I’m a big fan, you know.” He opened the door and looked back at Sherlock. “Get well soon,” he said, and left.
He stepped back into the sitting room, where John was still standing in the middle of the floor. John looked angry, and his fists were clenched.
“I mean it, Sherlock.” His brother’s voice had turned sharp in a way that caught Sherlock’s attention. “I’m afraid you’ve been compromised. Your contact in Belgrade was shot forty minutes ago, and it’s extremely likely that his assassins are aware that you were the man he met at the National Museum earlier today. Do you have the package?”
“Watson, I must beg you to allow me to speak first. I have been collecting my thoughts all the way here, and I have rehearsed these words carefully. Kindly allow me to speak, without interruption.”
“Yes you do.” Mrs. Hudson took him by the arm and led him to the sofa. “You know exactly what I’m talking about, my boy.”
“Well before curtain,” she said. “I like to have everything set before the actors arrive. So around 6:30.”
“And you’ve achieved very near my ideal water temperature of 37 degrees. It’s a little hotter than that, but I suppose time will take care of that.”
Suddenly the failure of his escape attempt didn’t sting as much. “Bring them again tomorrow,” he said. “We can practice together.”
Sherlock struggles to find his place in the St. Paul's community, and considers an unsavoury solution.
“We’ve been running tests for a week now,” Bahdri said, his fingers still tapping at the console. “First some remotes, then some manned ones. Slippage is minimal, perhaps only one hour, but sometimes as high as thirty-six. But never higher, and location has been spot on every time.”
“It’s not all right,” Sherlock said. “So what are you – a doctor with a side business in prison guard?”
“Shush. Since the day I met you I found you utterly fascinating. I kept thinking of excuses to involve you in cases just so I could talk with you. And since the night we danced, I knew I wanted no one but you to touch me for the rest of my life.
I've finished writing all the prompts, so I'm going to accelerate the postings so this can end on Christmas Day.
Sherlock wasn’t sure which he enjoyed more: the blood draining out of John’s face at the sight of the officer at the door, or Lestrade burying his face in his hands and saying, “
“Then Lassiter held a meeting of all the heads of history for all the colleges, and railroaded them into shutting the program down. I was the only dissenting vote. I’ve been trying to get through to Ishiwaka myself, to have him explain to Lassiter properly how the system works, but now Ishiwaka seems to have gone on sabbatical and no one will give me the number of where he is.
In a blink, John had flipped the intruder and was kneeling on his back. He forced the man to scratch his back the hard way, bending his arms back and up behind him.
Sherlock turned to John, his eyes wide. For a moment he simply blinked at John, then silently stood and put his jacket on.
Five hours later, the plane dipped its wing over a cityscape that glittered with office buildings, and an impossibly tall thin tower that looked like a 1960s version of a futuristic spaceship. Even Sherlock lifted his eyes from his phone to look.
John stopped short as he realized what he was seeing. The man was whipping one of the corpses, methodically and violently.
One of the problems with being a time travelling historian was moments like this: trying to draw conclusions based solely upon the limited information the contemps would have, versus the whole picture that looking back on a moment in history gives you. John spoke carefully.
I head towards the stairs, and glance back; Baker Street Granny is giving me an enthusiastic thumbs up. My courage a tad bolstered, I straighten my spine and head up.
The word triggered Sherlock’s brain into action, like rusty gears grinding into movement. He looked back at the man, sweeping a gaze from his head to his feet, and then the words began to flow.
“Where are you, William?” Mrs Holmes said, a bit crossly. “You haven’t been to see me in ages and ages.”
Sherlock peppered John’s face and neck with small, soft kisses, while John hummed with pleasure. “Allows one to finally say things they were afraid to say.” He leaned back, looking at John with a raw vulnerability he had never seen. “At least for me. I was. Afraid.”
He landed, but the fire escape vibrated like an out of tune bell. Sherlock crouched low, turning the darkness of his back to the guards.
John trotted down the hall to his room, wondering what on earth Holmes would need his valise for, but if the last few days had taught him anything, it was that Holmes always had a plan, that there was a reason for every action which on the surface seemed mad.
Sherlock fixed his eyes on the gates of the embassy. Was that a camera just above the door? Did it just move? He was sweating with pain and fear now, but he was determined that he would not be stopped. He looked over at Pavlović, and was surprised to see a sheen of perspiration on his face as well. Suddenly it all clicked.
John was singing too fast, his pitch was all over the place, but he sang. Sherlock’s face was flushing pink and his breath was shallow as he made his gesture. John waited, waited, afraid he had pushed things too far, risked too much. Then Sherlock said, his voice rough and low, “Go on.”
John stood there, every muscle in his body taut and tense. Sherlock was finding it difficult to remember how to breathe. “I – John. This is – I can’t. We made an agreement. I sign the papers tomorrow.”
Sherlock wondered momentarily why he was on the sofa, and then the whole evening came back to him: holding John’s hand, John’s eyelashes in the glitter of fairy lights in the sitting room, the case, John asleep on the sofa. Just as the last image returned, John came and sat on the sofa, his hip pressing against Sherlock’s legs, still tangled under the blanket.
Third, and most terrible to contemplate, would be that Sherlock would give in to his weakness, his addiction. Cocaine in the Victorian era was not an exact science, no matter how careful Sherlock was, and if he was angry and upset at John for abandoning him, he might not be careful. He had said ‘a seven percent solution’ – that was enough cocaine to kill a strong man.
Finally, the group turned back to John and Sherlock, both trying to look nonchalant. Mrs Hudson had clearly been appointed – or had appointed herself – to be the spokesperson for the group, and cleared her throat.
He found his thoughts wandering to Inara. She had told him a story once about a woman using lipstick as a knock out drug –
He ran directly into the backstage area, not caring now if the actors saw him. There were a few startled glances, a few whispered shouts of “Hey!” but John ignored them all. He ran to the far side of the stage, then spied a small green wooden shed standing in the woods. The dark was gathering around him, but he caught the glint of stage lights on a padlock on the door.
“This should have killed you,” Sherlock said, his voice slightly hoarse with awe. “It – It’s a wonder you didn’t bleed to death. You could have – dear God, John.”
Suddenly he was laughing, laughing as silently as he could. He laughed at the madness of the situation: trapped in Serbia, an armed guard only a short distance away, and this wonderful, maddening man in his arms who wanted him, wanted him badly enough to risk everything. In the shower of a dance studio.
“I do,” Sherlock said. There was a rustle as Sherlock knelt in front of him, and John felt the press of Sherlock’s hands cupping his face.
He danced the third act with the chip in his slipper. Privately he was laughing to himself the whole time, at the thought of an audience full of the hoi polloi of Serbia, and he had a chip with god knows what state secrets in his shoe.
He was still roiling over the issue as their cakes went into the oven. As he began to whip the heavy cream, wondering if he could sculpt something on the top of the cake with the cream, he saw John breaking up a chocolate bar into a bowl and heading towards the microwave.
Mrs Hudson glared at him, but because Sherlock is Sherlock, he plunged on. “It’s just chemistry. The combination of flour and raising agents plus heat and…”
“Over two million credits,” Lestrade said. He wiped his hand through his hair, making it stand up on end for a moment. “This stuff’s rare, you know. It’s only produced on-”
John thought for a moment about going into the room and helping Sherlock, then he heard him whispering.
“And yet my client met his end at the hands of a jealous, petty man. I appreciate your efforts to reassure me,” (though John didn’t think he sounded very appreciative) “I still failed Mr. Cubitt. And Mrs. Cubitt, by extension.”
A couple more near immersions later, and John had improvised a solution of sorts, bracing himself against the side of the tub, and raising himself into more of a sitting position. Once he had more or less settled, he looked over at Sherlock, a tad jealous that he could stretch out. But Sherlock was looking at him with a little concern, and the heat of the water was making his hair curl a bit more than usual, and he looked so beautiful and relaxed, that John’s momentary grump passed away.
I’ve just cleared Joe out (God, I bet he’d sleep here if I let him) and started my clean up when there’s a tap at the door.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, stop.” John stood and captured Sherlock’s face in his hands. “That’s not it at all. I can’t explain right now but-”
“I regret to inform you that due to incompetence and a failure to follow procedure, a divergence has been created. This has resulted in a massive issue with the time travel program. An investigation is now underway, but until such time the labs will be shut down. There will be no further field studies for the foreseeable future.”
“Nope,” John said, realizing that he sounded more confident than he really ought to. Sherlock elbowed him in the side.
John’s bedroom was small, but neat and clean. He’d had worse – the hut in 1990s Afghanistan, for instance, or that terrible week in the trenches of France just after the Armistice. John congratulated himself for landing on his feet. All this for eight guineas a month, his share of the room and board.
There were a number of sharp gasps. They weren’t expecting such a short period of time to do their work. Mrs. Roshni jerked her chin towards their easels, and the protests died.
She picked up a remote from her desk, turned to a television screen to the side of her desk, and turned it on. The screen lit up to reveal grainy video that Sherlock quickly recognized as the security camera footage from the studio. He saw John and himself arguing in the middle of the floor, then John walk away. He watched himself dance, recognizing his improvisation from the day before.
The water is rising, rising up his chest and will be above his head soon, and he is going to die here, die alone and cold and in the dark, die chained like a dog, die alone and –
I walk back into the sitting room, feeling a little like I’ve been hit between the eyes with a large plank. John reaches out to me and guides me onto the sofa.
“We can’t control what we feel uncomfortable about, but we can try to delve into why,” Ella said. “Why do you think you don’t want Sherlock to see your work? What do you fear if he sees it? Are you afraid he’ll make fun of you?”
“I know, our sessions allow him to access his negative emotions and permits a release in a safe environment, blah blah blah. It’s still terribly boring.” Sherlock knew he wouldn’t drop the Admiral but this was a dance he and Mycroft danced frequently and often, and the steps were now performed by rote.
His mind was still spinning in confusion, but Sherlock chose his words carefully; he didn’t want to confirm with Maja if she was fishing for answers. “Why do you think he’s MI6?”
“Gentlemen: Jefferson Hope, the murderer of Enoch Drebber and Joseph Stangerson,” Holmes said, and he turned to John and smiled.
. He found himself being drawn to object after object, and had to force himself to return his attention to the matter at hand. Holmes’ eyes were darting about as well, but he didn’t show his distraction outwardly.
Sherlock smoothed the lapels of his velvet jacket and picked off an invisible piece of dust as the bell rang. He smiled warmly as the door slid open.
Sherlock fixes him with a fierce stare. “John Watson, if you think I’m leaving you behind in here, you’re a bigger idiot than I thought,” he says. He grabs the rope and ties a loop in the bottom of it. John sees that Sherlock’s hands are trembling, that the tips of his fingers are blue. John can’t feel his own fingers, hasn’t for a while now.
“Hello Sherlock,” he said. His voice was lilting and husky at once. “I know we haven’t met, and I know this is unusual. But please allow me to introduce myself.”
He was still dizzy and sick when he came up to the flat, so it took him a few moments to take in the sight of Holmes, lying on the divan, his left sleeve rolled up and his right hand holding a needle.
Sherlock thought quickly. Giving away the fact that he was British would not be wise, and would lead to his identification quicker than he would like. Who should he pretend to be, from where? Not American, they were not well liked on the international stage right now. He cursed himself for not following world news more closely. Claiming to be French was dodgy, he couldn’t remember what the relationship was between France and Serbia. German? Also not certain. He certainly couldn’t pull off Japanese, and he wasn’t strong enough in the language anyway. Ah!
Sherlock held up an imperious hand. “Just – listen. And draw.” Was his hand shaking, just a little? “Please.”
Sherlock began to stretch out his muscles, now that they were warmed. “Did you receive any training? For your dancing?”
John was astonished at the amount of stuff that Holmes had crammed into the hansom cab. Between him and John and the cab driver (after being plied with a half crown), it took nearly an hour to unload the cab and carry everything upstairs. Throughout the process, Holmes kept shouting, “Be careful with that, dolt! It’s delicate equipment!” The cabbie started to look rebellious at one point, until John gave him another shilling.
John laid down his pen and sighed, but not with too much rancour. The historian in him wanted to make sure to keep up with his journal: to keep meticulous notes on everything that was happening – all the amazing things that were happening. But Holmes’ energy and passion for the case, for the mystery, were infectious, and John had to admit he was enjoying every minute of it.
“Oh, that’s the traditional Regina stroke. Thought you’d know that, genius. There’s so much pollution in the water, you have to swim like that to keep the
Any admiration for the décor of the flat was quickly squashed by the sight of Pavlović sitting on the sofa, reading a paper.
Her finger tapped on the picture of Rosie. “I think your specialty is portraits, however. This is your daughter?”
There was a long, long silence, during which the only sounds in the flat were the far-away traffic on Marylebone and Sherlock’s breath.
Sherlock's stream of words hiccuped for a moment, then he resumed as though John had said nothing. “I looked at yours, and it was easier, of course. I could tell that Mrs. Hudson had made gingerbread the afternoon you drew her. Rosie had been to the park with her playgroup and had gone down the slide by herself for the first time that day. And I could see in your drawings your great affection for Mrs. Hudson and your pride in Rosie.”
Sherlock opened his eyes. Not the hospital. Not the flat in Belgrade with John in the other room. Not his home in London. He took a moment to consider, adding Mrs. Hudson’s voice into the equation, then remembered – the embassy. In an improvised hospital room, with walls that were not white but a soft yellow, antique furnishings of buttery oak, and, jarringly, an IV pole by his bed and tubes dripping medicine into his arm.
“Commissioner Yun, how lovely to see you again,” Sherlock said as the door slid open. “Come in. The water should be just about ready for tea.”
Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner took the honours of carrying the bread in to the judges. Mrs Hudson was clearly admiring John’s edible decorations, but Mrs Turner looked uneasy as she carried Sherlock’s. There was a great deal of clearing of throats until Mrs Hudson produced a bread knife and cut slices out of each loaf without saying a word.
They got inside in a whirl of chatter, and before he realized it, Mrs. Hudson was settled in her own flat, and he and John were standing in the middle of Sherlock’s sitting room. John seemed suddenly tense and uncomfortable, and Sherlock wasn’t sure what to make of that.
That’s Sherlock’s voice, and it’s real, not in his earpiece but up and above and away from the water, at the end of the rope. John grabs the rope, barely feeling the rough hemp between his shaking frozen hands, and pulls up, toward the moon, toward Sherlock, but something yanks him back.
He takes my hands in his, and my heart goes jumping all over the place while a quiet calm settles over me. “You can do some good here today,” he says. He shakes my hands a little, then squeezes them and lets go. “Do good things,” he says, and turns and walks away, down the stairs, disappears into London.
Sherlock shrugged. “I had a lovely case last week. A diamond – blue! – the size of an egg. The man hid it in a goose. He lost it, you see, and was stealing geese to find it again. Ridiculous. We laughed and laughed, and John wrote it all up.”
Sherlock had never been camping in his life, but he knew that John had done so in his teen years, before joining the army. He hoped that John had spoken to Rosie about camping; when her eyes lit up, he saw that his guess was correct.
He walked as quietly as he could in his tap shoes to the hallway, and the guard shut the door behind them.
“Oh.” John realized he had no idea what day it was, how much time he had been back, how much time had passed since he’d left Sherlock.
John returned to the bathroom, and was momentarily distracted by his discovery of the odd architecture of his new flat – namely that there was a second door to the loo which seemed to lead to Sherlock’s room. John shrugged internally. The frosted glass would protect privacy, to a degree. In Afghanistan showers (when they could be had) were pretty public, so a frosted door didn’t bother him much.
John’s voice is soft and measured and yet still tense. “I know this is difficult, and I know you’re being tortured. But you have got to keep it together.”
The journey took over an hour, and John was dimly aware of the beautiful farmland around them, but could not take his eyes from Holmes. Holmes was staring without seeing, leaning his head against the window of the carriage. John started to speak again and again, and again and again found himself without the words to comfort or reassure.
They walked on, in search of more food, perhaps a blanket to keep them warmer; it was cold now. His coat had a rip in it now, and cool air leaked in. Rosie stayed in his arms, showing no desire to get down and walk; instead, she held onto the lapels of his now-ragged suit with surprising strength.
John laid the pen between the pages. One of the advantages to going to an era where most contemps knew how to read and write was that taking notes was unobtrusive. He’d take his research notes and personal musings together in the journal for now, and then write up a full report when he got back. In six weeks.
Sherlock watched him with acute interest, and a dawning realization that John Watson had been trapped well before Sherlock had arrived at his home.
John looked down at the floor. “Mr. Dunworthy, it wasn’t my fault, all right? I got caught in the wrong place at the wrong time and took a bullet. Mr. Lassiter already let me have it about wasting valuable department resources to put together a rescue team for me and-”
He jumped up and found some carrier bags underneath the sink and filled them to capacity with items from the cupboard, not even looking at the labels. He ran down the stairs and dumped them by the door of 221C.
Dawn was pinking the edges of the buildings as he cautiously entered the main road. There were people on the street now; early shift workers making their way to their jobs in the downtown core. More people than Sherlock had seen in weeks now.
At the same time, I don’t want to go back to that time when I was crazy over Mum’s death, over Boo’s death, fucking anything that stopped long enough to say yes. Hell, even Joe from the café was starting to look appealing, and he’s like eighty.
,” Sherlock sang back softly. They stared at each other for a moment, then Sherlock closed his eyes and gestured.
“I didn’t used to,” he said at last. “Winter used to mean school break, which meant being away from the bullies, but home was silent and boring – I suppose no one knew what to say to me, then.
His mouth does that little twist thing that is half smile, half cringe. “Yes, that brother but… he’s not a pedophile. He’s… worse.”
“Can you deign to raise your head and realize there’s people apart from you in the world? My wife, who has done
?” But even as he spoke, Sherlock felt the curling of sleep flowing into his veins. He jerked his arms, the restraints holding him back, as if he could prevent the drug from entering his bloodstream.
“When would I have?” Sherlock said, picking a single piece of popcorn from the bowl. Rosie took a handful that seemed impossibly huge for her tiny hands.
Sherlock ran his hands over the gauzy blue fabric of the Arabian style loose pants, a gold belt sitting low on his hips. “Bob is a brilliant designer.”
“Oh, I ain’t responding to Mr. Watson. Drawing a gun on someone’s behalf means first names. I’m John to you.”
Jim smiled. “Oh no. Like you, I like my work far too much. But I’m in a position now to choose what projects to get involved in, the ones that interest me. I came to Persephone to pursue a deal, and rather liked it here, and decided to settle down. But,” Jim looked down at his hands bashfully, “- there’s no other way to say it but in this hackneyed way – I’m lonely. I’m generally a private person, I prefer a low profile. I tend to stay away from parties and balls. But even while I was alone, I would find myself thinking about having someone else to spend time with. You understand? But my work has not allowed me time to spend in one place long enough to establish connections. So. My friends said, get a Companion. More tea?”
a doctor – that was my cover, working in emergency rooms, it’s an excellent way to pass information. And I really did save him from a heart attack, before I knew who he was. I don’t think he knows.”
A long, jagged crack marred the long edge of the tube. Sherlock’s mouth twisted in frustration. It must have developed a small crack upon his impact in the water. He sighed and threw it away, watching it sink. No matter; he could swim on the surface now, and aim for an unobtrusive dock at Eavesdown.
Sherlock sped up, as best he could. He did not look back at the woman, but Rosie did, curious as always.
“I searched all across my homeland, to no avail. Then I remembered that Mr. Garrideb had hailed from England, so I came across about six months ago. And after a great deal of investigation, I found Mr. Nathan Garrideb. He shared my joy at the prospect of such a large fortune, and we committed to working together to find a third of that name.”
“Consultants? As opposed to more detectives? This is preposterous. This is a serious matter, Detective Inspector.”
But reading the blog, at least as far as it goes, upholds my theory. Like I thought back in the beginning, what kind of guy says those kinds of things about his flatmate?
One night, he dreamt of a rhythmic thumping. He was dreaming of resting his head on Sherlock’s chest and listening to his heartbeat; then he opened his eyes and the sound didn’t stop. He staggered to the door and opened it.
He let go of his cock, and turned over, sighing. He couldn’t do it. No wonder Victorians were so repressed, if they couldn’t have a wank with some degree of privacy.
“I know,” John said, quietly. “I’m so sorry, Sherlock.” He was silent for a moment, and Sherlock was aware of their sadness flowing between them. “Remember what I said? About opposites?”
For what was probably the thousandth time since he’d met Sherlock, John wondered if he’d crossed some invisible line of propriety. If there was something that was too much to ask of a flatmate. If there was something that was too much to ask of Sherlock. On the other hand, how many flatmates go out to investigate murders together, before they’d even moved in?
Maja’s lip twisted. “That’s right. And it did get him to move, didn’t it? Except you two assholes were able to keep it from us. I had no idea until I came back that you had this plan, already set to go. I thought I’d go along with it – improvisation is one of my talents.”
“My goodness, you’re looking very flushed – Luke, was it? You need cooling down.” I pick up my wine glass. “Good thing I had the white.”
