There has been nothing but friction between 1-M-7 and the next youngest male, 1-M-5. Castiel has tracked each altercation that has occurred between them, and each one seems to have 1-M-5 attempting to exert some form of control over 1-M-7. Despite his young age, 1-M-7 is admirable in his refusal to be pushed around. He stands up for himself, even if doing so ends up causing a fight between them.
“You called.” Gabriel says grinning widely and Sam is still trying to understand that the archangel is actually back. Rowena next to Gabriel holds her head and then sits down on the other free chair.
Great. The tears are bubbling back up. Dean sniffles and grabs the blanket that Bill got for him. He wraps it around himself and pulls the edge up over his head. Slowly, he slips off the log so he can sit with it against his back. His knees get pulled to his chest and he hides his face against them, trying to muffle every little sound that squeaks out.
Castiel’s true voice echoed, sound reverberating across all dimensions and frequencies, infinite volume pounding into the Winchesters’ ears and pressing them harder against the cold floor.
That does make Castiel feel better to hear that, and to know that he would not be alone if he does have to take that route.
Dean ducks out into the hall first with Ellen behind him. Big and Cas are behind her. Dean looks both ways, remembering which direction they first came from, and then he looks up at Ellen. “I’m really sorry for this.”
But Dean had…  only a few moments past, spoken like embers, fighting to burn one last time, raging against the death of time. Even if the words had burned in the fire, had Dean not shown Cas for years how much he cared? But did he understand, Dean thought. Had Cas realized that all he said, all he did was because he wanted him to stay alive, to keep him safe. Maybe not with Dean, as he desperately wanted, but safe somewhere in this cruel, uncaring universe. Cas had to know. Cas had to know that Dean loved him. He could only hope…
Sam burst through the door, slamming it open and stood panting in the doorway. “Adahy! Adahy we need to —“ Sam froze. Adahy was kneeling on the floor, shaking a screaming Dean. His brother was curled on his side, visibly shaking and muttering nonsensical words.
“Oh…” Cas’s ear-wings drop entirely, followed by his shoulders and all four pairs of wings. He looks
With that in mind, Dean does move to sit back down in front of Frank’s tent. This time, though, he arranges himself so he can easily see the new girl and everyone else. He doesn’t want to miss anything that happens, especially since this is the first time that someone has arrived since he got here.
The snake creature made another circuit around Dean; eyes narrowed in consideration. “Dean.” He repeated this too, testing it on his tongue.
have names. Why wouldn’t they? And they’ve gotta talk to each other somehow, right? Dean has never actually
. Anna is merely stating facts and bringing everyone else up to date on the situation in its full regard. Even still, Castiel tightens his grip around his wrist, squeezing until he can feel the bones grinding in his hold. He forcibly keeps his expression neutral and his wings still as he stares Anna down.
This was the first planet they found that had a habitable atmosphere. Since life was already thriving here, and Aetherians are a particularly scientific species, they chose to stay and study it. After naming it
Sam glanced over at his brother, observing his pale features, worried and confused expression… the tired dullness in his eyes, the dried blood speckled across his face and the shaking of his limbs as he held onto Sam’s shoulder. Dean couldn’t go on like this for much longer.
With a sniffle, Dean pulls the blanket up around himself and curls into the dip between the roots. He’s naked and uncomfortable, but this is the best he can do for now. He closes his eyes and tries to force himself to sleep despite the situation. It’s hard, though. Everything sounds and smells different, and Sammy isn’t snuffling in his sleep nearby.
Castiel documents each member of the tribe that speaks with 1-M-7, taking note to monitor if any relationships form between them. At the moment, the mated pair of 1-M-2 and 1-F-1 seem to be the most concerned with his well being. They have a young female child of their own. Are they going to attempt to adopt 1-M-7 into their familiar unit? That seems the most logical. The only other specimen with a child is 1-F-2, but she appears to be intent on raising her daughter on her own.
From just her chatting away while he’s been fishing around her, Dean has learned that she was collected in the same season as Dick and Donatello were, but she was taken nearly a moon before they were. Half the reason she’s able to go toe-to-toe with Dick is because she knew him back in their village. She told Dean that there’s no hierarchy in this tribe, and that Donatello is fine with that, but Dick wasn’t. He arrived and immediately wanted to be their leader, and is still feeling stung when they turned him down. No one listens to him when he tries to give orders.
from the see-through bridge is standing there now. Its four wings flare out a little bit, and the blue against black eyes go wide, almost like it’s surprised to see Dean. It’s so close, and Dean quickly scuttles back to the far corner, away from the weird wall and the
“Hellooo!! Hey! Is anyone here!!?” Dean called again impatiently. He shook his head and looked around, “Freaking wizards.”
Maybe he will, maybe he won’t. Dean can only stare after her, mentally, emotionally, and now physically exhausted. He’s really hungry, but he feels so numb the longer he sits here. Maybe he’ll just waste away, and then the
As for Lily, Dick, and Donatello, they tend to do their own things. Dean more or less considers them as tribe helpers. They’re always available for putting up a new tent, organizing items, darning clothes, making new fishing lines, washing things in the pool, digging more to the latrine, and whatever else he can think of. Rufus and Victor used to be like that too, but now they’re really focused on Dean’s garden with him. He really appreciates the help, especially as the garden grows with every new season and the changing requirements of the tribe.
“Dean, you have to come with me, before he comes back.” Castiel says and he looks behind him. Nobody is there, but it’s as if he can feel a bad presence around him. Morpheus seems to be very close.
He sighed, removing his nametag and barely looking over the scratched letters of his name: “Ethan”. The man proceeded to lock up the register, check the back and went to grab the small bag he hid behind the counter. Finally he could go home and watch that soap opera he’d been meaning to see for a while now.
Is that what they call this place? He opens and closes his mouth a few times before he slams one fist into the wall. “I
The island haunts Dean's dreams, coaxing him back. He knows it's a bad idea, but when has he ever listened to that little voice in his head warning him away?
Luckily the drive towards the park isn’t to long and Rowena seems to know exactly where to search. Sam follows her and they don’t even have to be careful, since the whole park is empty, seems like more people fell asleep. They are nearly running out of time.
“Samuel, we wanna do this right.” She says and then throws a spell at the two bodies. Sam has to close his eyes, it’s so bright and then it really starts burning. Rowena warms her hands over the fire for a short moment.
As such, Castiel still feels a burn of shame curl in his chest and tries to bring heat to his cheeks. He wills that feeling away, and tries not to think about how openly emotional he had been the other day at the calming room with 1-M-7. Castiel had displayed several emotions on purpose, because that is what
Sam glanced at Dean, eyebrows raised in question, “You know there's no road to Supai. If we are going there then it's on our own, on foot.”
Castiel has not met her before, but he nods and steps on as instructed. He hefts 1-M-7 in his arms, keeping him curled tightly against his chest as the hover-pad rises again. They bypass the Alpha Sector enclosure, but Castiel still gets a good look at how they are working at tearing down 1-M-7’s rope, gathering it to likely throw in a recycler. Others are standing on more hover-pads and setting to work pruning the trees back by at least another meter. It will be significantly harder for 1-M-7 to escape via this method again.
After repeating the process with his other leg, Castiel does a few squats and stretches to ensure that they are loose enough to allow for movement. Satisfied, he fetches a shirt from his wardrobe. It is the last of the clothing he will need, and a gentle tap to the panel sends it back into the wall. His shirt is mostly made of a bolt of fabric to cover his chest and sides. It has ties that he will have to connect both under and above his lower set of wings. A metal band with a hinge at its center clasps around his neck and holds the collar in place.
The sea is dark, as it always is this late at night. The shimmer of fish overhead mimics the stars Dean so occasionally sees when he heads to the surface. He eyes the silver school as they swim together in a single harmonious body, unaware of his presence, his dark grey tail blending into the bottom of the depths.
the passageways that they always take. Usually, Dean is made to sleep when he’s brought between the tribe space and The Alone Room. Now that he’s awake, he wants to pay attention to which direction they go, all the turns they take, and how many different doors they pass.
Cas’s face is blank, but Dean can tell that he’s practically vibrating. His wings keep twitching behind his back, and there’s a little bounce in his step. He keeps glancing back at Dean, and the only smile is in his eyes. Every time they make eye contact, Dean makes sure to glare at him. Cas must’ve known that this was coming. Why didn’t he tell Dean when he was in The Alone Room a few days ago after another fight with Dick?
Dean reigned in the wave of anger he felt, “He won’t do that — the witch is probably dead by now and then we can help him get his vessel back, or whatever the hell she did to him and go home.”
. But the blanket is like a cocoon, and it’s wrapped too tightly around him. Ellen’s arms are firm and holds on, humming soft songs and rubbing his back just like how Dean’s
Just a heads up, in case you didn't know, but I accidentally deleted the original work of The Human Zoo. I had to repost chapters 1 and 2, and all comments/kudos/subscriptions/bookmarks were lost. Just as an FYI if you need to remake a subscription/bookmark! ♥
The moon was high in the sky, shining white and cold down on the quiet village, accompanied by the twinkling stars — the only natural light.
“I was worried they weren’t going to bring you back that time.” Bill puts an arm around Ellen’s shoulders. “You were still early in your pregnancy, and I thought…” He shakes his head and leans in to press a kiss to her temple.
Okay, so those are more recognizable. The numbers, yes. The letter, Dean isn’t really sure. Sounds familiar, but he can’t honestly say if he knows it or not. Either way… “That’s not my name.”
They’ve always been around, but still no one knows what they do with the people they take. No bodies, no bones. The tribes extend to the Plains, the Mountains, and the Seas. Traders come by every once in a while, and they all have the same information; the taken are never seen again.
“No it’s both brothers. Yeah I’m sure Gabriel. We will burn them and I’ll text you as soon as it’s done. Then you will wake Castiel up.” Rowena says and Sam looks back to her. She had already told them that Gabriel needs to wake Castiel up with his grace, since dream didn’t happen because of Phobetor, even though he messes with him now.
jerks his hand away and takes a sharp step back, his smile falling. One of the dark-skinned men on the other side of the fire snorts a laugh, grinning with white teeth bright against his skin. He nudges the one next to him; younger, fitter, and bald except for a neatly trimmed beard around his mouth. They both chuckle as they smirk at
May listens to him more often now when he tells her to go away. Sometimes, they’re almost friends. She’s still kind of annoying from time to time, but nowhere near as annoying as when he first got here. At some point, she did learn to respect his boundaries, in some sense. It’s better than nothing, and it’s not bad having friends his own age here.
The creature snorted, drawing closer to Dean with a few slow rolls of his long body. “Humans often speak lies. It’s in your nature. I wouldn’t risk me and mine.” Castiel hissed low, blazing-blue eyes beaming spotlights down on Dean like twin moons.
“Of course, how could I want him?” Dean answers and Castiel wishes that Dean would’ve shot him at the door, it would’ve been easier than this. He shakes his head, trying to get Dean to believe him.
“Oh, I hate this part.” Ellen’s whole face crumples. She takes Dean’s hand that’s closest to her, and squeezes it. “Just look at me, okay? Don’t look at what he’s doing.”
“Yeah, I found blue poppy seeds with every victim.” Castiel says and Sam shows Castiel that  he found a few ones here under the bed as well. Dean tries to get his face under control, while the two nerds talk. He is for sure blushing and he presses a hand to his cheek to check, when nobody is looking at him.
Below and between the buildings is water. The entire city rises out of a lake, though it is only a meter deep. Mother says it is purely for aesthetic purposes. The water runs through filters at the edges of the city that keep it from stagnating and growing algae, and it is not at all connected to the tanks in the underbelly of the city from which their drinking water comes from.
Dean hesitated, glancing down at the small cooler in his hands, chewing the inside of his lip. Was he going to come again? Truthfully, he wanted to. Castiel was fascinating in ways Dean couldn’t begin to summarize. It wasn’t every day you met a dude that was friggin’ half
That would not be ideal, but it would be preferred to not being allowed to watch at all. Then he would need to get the information from reports. Granted, the examination will likely be recorded and he could watch after the fact, but that just is not the same.
As the sun finally rises from its ocean bed, Dean stops. He watches above the waves as the sun lights up the water with a myriad of white reflections. It’s beautiful and yet, Dean can’t let the morning calm him as it so often did. “I’m sorry, Sammy,” he pants, tears coming to his eyes, “I failed you.” He stares for a while, catching his breath and trying to come to grips with what is to come. There’s no glow and there’s no antidote. Sam is going to die.
the same, but this place is so big that they could have many more rooms that look just like it and Dean would never know – unless he memorized the route and how many different doors they pass.
that. He has been particularly adverse about all things regarding Aetherians. 1-M-7 refuses to get any closer to them as is entirely necessary during supply drop offs, even going so far as to hide and observe from a distance. Castiel has also seen him look up at those walking along the observation deck with nothing but
with a passion, he might say that the small one has really pretty wings. But he hates the kid anyway, so too bad. It just always stands there staring at him, or tapping at the flat thing in its hand, or uses a stick on it. And Dean’s patience with the small one is wearing very, very thin.
Now that it has nearly been a full sol cycle that 1-M-7 has been in their care, Castiel estimates that he must be entering his eight cycle – three cycles behind him. Castiel is four thousand and ten days old. It takes roughly three hundred and sixty five days per sol cycle, which would mean that 1-M-7 is likely just under three thousand days old.
feet enter his field of view. Ellen backs away really quickly at that point, and Dean looks up to find the whole tribe gathered together, even Frank. The
Dean saw the worry of the angel’s gaze, felt it bubbling nervously in his stomach. Cas merely wanted to know because he cared. It was always his instinct to help and Dean loved that about him even though it got him in troubles sometimes. But this was safe, for the both of them, there was no need for Dean to hide.
child off guard. It startles so badly that it drops the flat thing it’s always holding and looks up sharply, ear-wings spread out and eyes wide. The upper set of wings on its back are spread out slightly. Dean snorts a laugh at the look of surprise on the kid’s face. It’s so dumb, and he wants to see it again. He puts his thumbs back to his mouth, and blows three more times, doing his best to change the tone of the whistle for each one.
Castiel still seems lost in thought about his brother, but at least Sam can see a little smile on Castiel’s face.
His hands are pushed into it, and he mixes together a bunch of stuff inside it. Dean has seen him add handfuls of dried berries, dried meat, and animal fat that he scooped out of the heavy clay pot the
The child does stop and glance up at him when he finally calms down. Its eyebrows are drawn together and lips twisted in a small frown. It doesn’t say anything, but it doesn’t look angry. If anything, Dean would say that it kind of looks… Sad?
Bill holds out his hand, like he’s reaching out to a frightened animal, and Dean kind of hates him for it. He’s not a scared little
“No!” Sam threw himself atop his brother, trying to shield him. With the flick of one gargantuan claw Sam went flying, back slamming against a ruined confessional.
means, because Dean gives him his confused face again. Seriously, the kid needs to stop using big words that Dean doesn’t know.
. Bowls of food are by the door full of dried meat and different fruits. He’s not going to touch them, but he wants to. He really, really wants to.
His breath was loud in his ears, catching in his throat. The growls were louder now, more angry. He’d lost count how many of them there were. They were everywhere, leaping from house to house, nothing more than blurs across his vision. How were there so many? He kept going, turning sharply down another alley.
To his surprise, he is not taken back to the lift. Instead, he is shown down a different hall to a room that he is not familiar with. His mother is waiting inside, her arms crossed and her ear-feathers fluffed in irritation. Her wings shift against her back, further signs of how unsettled she is. Castiel immediately ducks his head and his upper wings curve forward over his shoulders. His ear-wings droop, as the dreaded lecture is now upon him.
The lines dropped on deck before he was ever conscious of doing so. Dean stood, fumbling to the starboard side to look towards the island. The voice over the water swelled, sweeping into a baritone that undulated notes Dean could barely conceive. There weren’t words in the wind and water, but sweeping tones that caressed his skin, raising gooseflesh.
The light was small at first, a blip of radiance nagging at Dean’s cornea. But it grew, white stretching upward from within the village, swirling upward and into the night sky. From there it spread, grace flowing outward in all directions to wrap around itself and form the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen. Castiel rose, six wings extending in harmony as they carried him effortlessly towards the heavens. Grace spilled around his now solid form, flowing like water across his feathers to cascade behind him like the tail of a comet. The galaxy of his wings mesmerized, the glow of his body hypnotizing Dean into a daze as his heart filled with gratitude and amazement.
Once the sticks are sorted, Dean takes all the kindling to the piles they keep behind the camp and against the wall he once managed to escape over. They don’t like to keep kindling in the camp itself, because it’s a
They spend almost two hours over all the maps, before Rowena points at the tiny park in the middle of the town. Sam frowns.
“What?” Dean frowned as he followed her gaze. “I’m not walking up all those stairs.” Impala snorted, then spread her wings. “Wow! Hey, what are you doing — Impala wait!”
In response, Sam watched the angel move, unfurling a clawed hand that had been hidden at his side. The room was filled with a brilliant warm light. Sam galked as the golden sun hovered in the angel’s hand, strands of amber swirling around its balled form, partly curling around Cas’s claws in a playful dance, contrasting the blue of the angel’s grace. It was unmistakable, even though Sam had only seen it once before: Dean’s soul.
Eventually, Rowena comes to join them in their little corner of the camp. She has a clay pot with her, and a tool in hand that she uses to start scraping a pattern into the clay. It would work better if it wasn’t already hardened, but she’s doing alright with just lightly scraping the same spot over and over until she’s cut enough of a groove in for her liking.
, and four of them have come and gone since he was brought here. That’s too long for his liking. If he did his math right, then it’s just another four summers before he will have been in this place longer than he spent back home. He can’t allow that to happen. He has to get home before then somehow.
will sit him down and teach him the history of their village. Dean knows all about how their tribe split from the other tribe on the edge of the great flatlands, and how that tribe had left the one at the base of the mountain on the far edges of the forest. There was even a group of people from Dean’s tribe that packed up and left a long, long time ago to go live by the big waters.
The old man met his gaze with a calculating eye. After a moment, he continued, “Press on his wound.”
They rode on in silence for the last few miles until they pulled into the bunker’s garage. It was neither the companionable quiet they’d had for the last several hours nor the extremely tense awkwardness that had marked the last week. The air felt charged, though, and Sam wondered whether the two of them were going to explode into yet another fight or maybe finally get their shit together. Either way, he resolved to make himself scarce once they got home.
Sam sighed, the weight of his frown felt over a hundred miles away. “Just be careful Dean and no drinking. I’m serious. If the coast guard calls and tells me your drunk ass fell off the deck, I’m going to- to-“ A note of frustration leaked into the kid’s voice. Sam was a freshman in college, and Dean could never think of him as anything else but ‘the kid.’ ”-you know what I mean! Be safe!”
Cas doesn’t seem bothered by their reactions. “It is to make sure that you are healthy. Sometimes bad things can grow in you. We call them tumors. They can hurt you and make you sick, or even kill you. With this, we can find them when they are small, and help you.”
The realization he had accepted the presence of ‘mojo’ right along with the fact that there was a fairy tale species living on the island tore a delirious chuckle from him, harsh in the quiet of the small ensuite.
A loud bang shook the frame of the house. Sam looked up in despair to see the warding completely gone, “No, no, no…” Sam pushed himself off the floor, turning to face the light now pouring in from the door, “Cas, I’m sorry.”
Dean pulled back, taking deep, rapid breaths but managing to catch Cas’s eye, “You’ve been wanting this awhile haven’t you?” Cas ignored him, seeing Dean’s mouth not available, he closed in on Dean’s neck.
Others still are setting up racks in the clearing at the edge of the river, hanging hides and woven blankets to dry in the sun after being cleaned and beaten against the rocks. Dean is too small to help with that, but he can’t wait until he can do that. It looks like fun, and then he can do more than sing along with the songs they beat the clothing to.
again, because he loved all of Cas and he felt he was being deprived of a vital part of him. The drag of feathers and soft touch of clawed fingers were all he could think of some nights, combined with those blue eyes and powerful body. He wondered if Cas heard him then, but if he did, he never mentioned.
The brothers turned and were taken aback. At first glance, the area looked like a cluster of naked trees, surrounded by a layer of mist. But when they looked closer, they saw a light, windows and buildings, all dark and wooden like the windmill.
Castiel can capture him as well, but Dean knows that his grace can’t do that for very long. Just as Dean looks around for a weapon for himself, something strange happens. Morpheus starts to burn and Dean watches as his body slowly turns to ash. His brother’s body dropping next to him.
“It goes faster if you listen.” Ellen touches his arm briefly. “Just do what they ask, and we’ll be out of here in a jiffy.”
“You had a spell didn’t you?” Dean walked over to the half finished spellwork, “Cas heard your prayer — he knew you had something planned. If you were gonna use it on Cas, can’t you also use it for the witch?”
Dean can tell that everyone else is listening in now. They’re all paying attention, because they all want to get to know him. He knows that they just want to make him feel comfortable here. His mind understands that, but his mouth doesn’t want to listen. And it’s more than that, really. They want to accept him into their tribe, but they can’t really do that without a name, can they?
“You cannot leave.” Castiel intoned once more, diction surprisingly clear for a being that was seventy percent scales.
had a tight grip and Dean’s arm still hurts from where he grabbed him. Dean really expected to be put to sleep before being brought to the Alone Room. He was really surprised when the
While he gets started, Dean thinks about what else he might have to do. His tribe had a medicine woman and she would talk about the plants and the trees. He remembers that she used to say that plants need light and water. Well, there’s plenty of light here, even with the wall. Dean might not be able to see the sun, but it must be passing directly overhead all the time, because he never really sees
Mother’s PADD enters his field of vision and Castiel turns his head to review the data flickering across it. He memorizes it quickly before adding height and weight to his own notes. 1-M-7 is one-hundred-twenty-three point three centimeters, and a healthy weight for his age and height at twenty-three kilograms. Most impressive.
The fatigue of running on pure coffee and adrenaline didn’t set in until he’d unloaded his haul for the day and stepped over the threshold of the small, but well-loved home set against a lonely hillside overlooking the sea.  Every time his mind tried to drift back to what he’d seen, his body instinctively put a stop to it. A hard punch of fear bubbled in his gut, and Dean hurried to strip himself of his coveralls and fall onto the threadbare couch. Never in his life had the stale scent of a ten years’ worth of John’s smoking and countless spilled beers on the off-blue couch smelled so comforting.
As the sun begins setting, the tribe within the enclosure gathers for their evening meal. One of the specimens, 1-M-4, takes his meal in his tent. He spends almost all of his time in his tent, and it has been that way since he was collected. Despite how Castiel is not that familiar with the specimens within the Alpha Sector enclosure, even he has heard of 1-M-4 rarely leaving his tent. Thus far, it has only been documented that he uses the latrine dug in the far corner of the forested section of the enclosure, or to welcome a new specimen.
“Anyway, this little archangel here thinks he has an actual idea, what could’ve happened to our Squirrel, which is the actual good news.” Rowena says from somewhere a bit away from the phone.
By the time he arrives at the zoo, it is to find that they have already solved the issue concerning 1-M-7’s escape. An energy barrier has been erected along all potential walls that 1-M-7 may attempt to breach in the future, rising an additional two meters into the air. Any higher would be unnecessary as 1-M-7, nor any adult
Victor hums and crosses his arms over his knees. “Yeah, we noticed. We’ve been pretty worried about you in that regard, Kid.”
Dick and Donatello have settled down with something that looks like fishing line. One is braiding thin strands of string together, and the other is tying wooden hooks to the end. Victor is still focused on whatever he’s carving, and Rufus has a bowl in his lap and he’s grinding things that he takes out of woven baskets propped up behind the log he’s sitting on.
“Hello Dean,” the angel smiled back before looking down at the body, “Is there something you need of me?”
He barely remembers that he went home with the hot nurse, or at least he thinks that is what happened, but his body hurts way too much for that and he can’t hear anything, besides a really annoying beeping in his ears.
Dean simply nodded, letting Cas’s words sooth him. His thoughts whirled and the concentration must’ve shown on his face because Cas smiled. “Worry not of the future, my love. We can only fight one battle at a time. You can’t live now if you’re occupied by what lies ahead. Our hardships will come, but we’ll get through them. We can have a future Dean, we
Dean sputtered, momentarily stunned as he did nothing but grab at his own throat, trying to keep the blood in. The loss hit him like a train. He couldn’t fail. Cas and Sam depended on it. And he couldn’t call Cas, couldn’t risk Cas succumbing again. He had about two minutes before he bled out. That would have to be enough.
not. There’s something that’s had him on edge since his test, and he doesn’t know what exactly, but his patience sure is shorter than usual.
There’s something about what it said that sends a chill down Dean’s spine. He steps up close to the see-through wall again. “What’s
come and take him for his test. He figured that they were going to come for him any day now, but he still wants to pretend that it’s not happening.
It is unsurprising that his mother was asked to come in. She is the overseer for the Alpha Sector enclosure, and must be kept informed of all that happens within it. Mother has the final say on all changes and care of the specimens, and Castiel is most proud of her for the hard work she put in to be awarded the position.
“Weird feeling?” Fake-Castiel wants to know and Dean shrugs. He can’t really tell him, that he actually feels drawn to him, right? But there is something about him that makes Dean a bit crazy. He looks down at his hands, these blue eyes make him nervous.
“Yes,” Cas stated matter-of-factly, “I’m concerned Dean. You look happy but something’s keeping you from feeling truly at peace and I wish to know what that something is.
that this place has. It’s low, and deep, and barely there, and he can only pick it out in the dead of night when everything else goes quiet. He can only pick it out really when he concentrates really hard.
“Yeah but, Dean is not. He… he fell asleep, can’t wake up on his own and he is not the only one, almost the whole town is asleep.” Sam stammers and Castiel feels the same pain Sam does. Castiel presses his fingers against Dean’s forehead, trying to get him to wake up, but Dean doesn’t react at all.
are. “They would poke at it and it would speak words to me in a weird, emotionless voice. It asked me to repeat the words it said, and insisted that I smiled.”
“Yeah, just oranges and apples. I didn’t know what you ate.” Dean admitted, picking up the bag to pass off one of the oranges to Castiel. “This is an orange.”
stops at a door that looks no different than any of the others. The square is blank until he touches it. Then it lights up with the symbols again just before the door itself swings open. Dean can’t remember if they’ve done that before, or if the door will just open for anyone without the symbols on the square thing.
must always be watching him now. He didn’t even make it all the way up to where the knife was left the last time before they caught him with their flying silver thing.
But Ellen already made it a thing by telling everyone, and it was the first thing most of them wanted to talk about when he was brought back the next day. Thankfully, Dick hasn’t made a big deal about it yet. He’s mostly just been giving Dean dirty looks since he got back. It’s probably just a matter of time (Dean gives it, at most, two more days) before Dick snaps and starts demanding his own answers.
“I never heard of that before but… I will ask a few people. Take care, Giant.” Rowena says before she already ends the call. Sam stands there a bit lost after that, the poppy seeds still in his hand.
glaring down at him isn’t one that Dean recognizes, and it points at the door with one hand while the other rests on the tool at its hip that Dean has come to recognize as the one that they use to put him to sleep.
Dean withdraws his fangs and watches what’s left of the school swim away. With a sigh he opens his satchel and tucks the fish into it. He swims around, collecting the rest of his prey, counting as he goes.
When the sky starts turning pink and gold, Dean knows that the sun is setting somewhere. It feels wrong not being able to see it sinking behind the smudge of mountains that he can just barely see from his family tree. He can’t believe that he actually misses the bridges that connect all the different trees of the village. But not the height. He’ll never miss the
, the jerk. “It is an inoculation. A vaccine.” When Dean just keeps looking at him, Cas sighs and taps at the flat thing, looking at it for a moment. “It is a medicine that will help protect you from getting certain kinds of sicknesses or diseases.”
Of course, Castiel is still mentally berating himself for not expecting it and being better prepared that Dean would not only attempt an escape outside of the enclosure, but that he would also insist on being spoken to verbally should Castiel be present for the annual check-up. With all the studying and observation he has done on Dean, Castiel thought he knew him well enough. Clearly, he was mistaken.
“I would heal you, but at the moment I really need my grace, but I promise to take good care of you.” Castiel says and Dean nods. He wouldn’t want Castiel to waste his powers for him anyway and Dean deserves a bit of pain after their fight anyway.
Everything hurts, is the first thing Dean notices when he wakes up. He still has his eyes closed and tries to focus on his surroundings, no need to let anyone know that he is awake at this point.
no. Dean keeps his mouth firmly shut and he glares up at Big as he comes closer. Or, at least, Dean thinks Big is a he, like Cas. It’s got a flat chest, like Cas, with broad shoulders and a masculine jawline. It’s also
“You didn’t answer my call.” He (and Dean was assuming at this point) accused, a milky membranous inner lid sliding over the expanse of blue to ‘blink.’
Dean can’t help but smile. It’s only every once in a while he or Sam come across beauty such as this. This was the one thing Dean likes about living out in the open ocean, never settling down—he gets to see the world. He swims further, nearly forgetting to grab the anemone, quickly ripping some off the walls. There is an abundance of it all throughout the system, growing in clusters around colonies of tube worms. Oh, Dean had hit the jackpot.
. The blanket is the same soft fabric as the clothes that aren’t his, but it still gives him some kind of comfort. He should hate it, though. Just like he hates the feel of the clothes. Did someone ever find the tunic he took off in the small-forest?
checks the passageway once more before looking him in the eye again. It shakes its head slightly, lips pressed into a thin line.
for the first time in his life. He is not accustomed to caring about anything aside from himself and his mother. Yet here he is,
terrarium and view the flora and fauna. That is always a treat, as he finds that he does not often have the time to go there in between lessons, and certainly not in the last sol cycle since he began observing 1-M-7. There is no time for just doing whatever he would like while he is working on his thesis, or focusing on his lessons.
Cas lowered his eyes, lashes blinking against his flushed cheeks as he easily took Dean in to the base, the bonus of being an angel with no gag reflex. He began to suck and lick, twisting his tongue around and tasting Dean as eagerly as before. Dean couldn’t hold back his moans, with each slide of tongue another noise was dragged from his throat and his head lolled back in the bliss. Then Cas swallowed and Dean cried out, the angel’s name spilling from his lips. “Cas, fuck!”
and their mental wellbeing. Has Mother not kept up to date on their reports? Castiel has, and there are
precedes movement to his side. Castiel glances over to find another of the Aetherians in his age group. He nods a greeting.
He has grown somewhat attached to watching 1-M-7 and his slow progress with acclimating to his new surroundings. Castiel appreciates being kept in the loop, despite still being a child and most definitely not being an employee. There are still four point two six sol cycles left to his lessons, or less if he pushes himself harder. Unfortunately, his thesis is just bare bones currently. If he wants to start working with his mother by the end of his lesson, he will need to have his thesis completed.
An incredulous snort punched out of Dean despite knowing he should keep his trap shut. "I’ve been catcalled pretty aggressively before, but that really took the cake.” Why. Why did he always talk before he thought things through!
season. No one has to forage or hut. As far as Dean knows, he’s the only one so far to strip vines from the wall to make rope. The tribe hasn’t once taken thin bark and shaved strips out of it to make fibers for weaving baskets.
With a sigh that is ripped from his lips, Castiel folds his wings in and flips over. He snaps them out again and glides out of his fall, tilting to one side to angle around the curved edge of the building. Mother soars well above him. Castiel does not know if she likes flying as much as him, and he will never ask her because his mother is
“I will talk to the doctor, okay?” Castiel promises and then he carefully strokes over Dean’s cheek. Dean almost leans into the touch, but it already feels good as it is and he closes his eyes, while Castiel’s fingers ghost over his skin.
They stepped into the building, FBI badges in hand as they approached the front desk. They went through their normal spiel, ultimately getting access to the body. The coroner led them along, hustling them into a room. The body lay stretched out on a metallic tray, the white sheet doing nothing to lessen the smell emanating from it.
He transfers the file directly to his desk and accesses it through a decryption program. The key is easily decipherable and the program takes care of it without issue. Castiel is still faced with a password request once the file is fully decrypted and he frowns at that for a few moments. Is it really necessary to protect the file to this degree? He cannot imagine that it contains any different information than what he could find with a general search through
“He is… angry.” Castiel offers and Dean reaches out to take Castiel’s hand in his, to give him at least a little bit of comfort. Castiel smiles at that and squeezes Dean’s hand, which calms Dean down. He still isn’t sure how to imitate their touches.
“Cute, isn’t she?” Ellen sighs softly, and she sounds so warm. She crosses her arms over her knees. “That’s my
Unsurprisingly, Naomi leads Castiel to one of the decontamination rooms. She waits off to the side, her attention on her PADD while he carefully strips out of his suit. It is the only layer of clothing that he is wearing, and every part of it is dumped into the recycler, except for the helmet. It will not fit into the opening of the recycler, so Castiel opts to leave it remaining on a shelf next to it. Someone will deal with it, or Naomi will tell him what to do.
Dean keeps going through old memories, calming himself until he finally spots their makeshift home. It slowly comes into focus as he nears and soon enough, he sees Sam’s head pop out from one of the circles in the rock.
Rufus starts talking again about what the testing room is like. Dean listens with half an ear, but he’s distracted by an
“You check the surroundings, I’ll open the door.” Sam says, but his voice is shaking and Castiel can feel himself getting more nervous with every second they can’t find Dean. Castiel had already searched in the hospital for him.
Silence stretched between them, the only sound the rustling of trees in the salt-heavy wind. The creature was just staring at him; his head barely tilted with unblinking eyes. A cold sweat beaded on the nape of Dean’s neck, the beating of his heart too loud to his ears.
Maybe he should try and make a weapon. A knife would be nice, but there aren’t many free stones, and the only flint he’s seen are little pieces used to make the fire whenever it burns out. Whatever knives the camp has only come out at cooking time. Dean isn’t sure where the grown-ups keep them the rest of the time. They would probably notice if he took one.
Rufus shrugs and picks up a roll of thin cloth. “I’ve seen it.” He starts wrapping the cloth around Dean’s knee, covering the paste in a few layers of it and tying it off. “When they take us for the testing. If you behave, they let you walk with them to the room where they do it.”
Naturally, it is not yet an ideal situation. 1-M-7 is still stubborn. His relationship with the tribe has improved, but he spends a
“Probably more than one.” Sam mutters and Dean slouches a bit forward. The last time he had an encounter with a Djinn, he had dreamed of the perfect life. He can still remember how proud his mum looked, when she was out eating with his sons and their girlfriends. Dean shakes his head a bit, trying to get rid of these thoughts.
The fire behind them brightened as they raced across the desertscape. The wind hushed, silently carrying the mingled smell of ash and pine as it flowed over them, until it was only a whisper in the dark. Until it was just the wind and the sound of crushed gravel.
Dean stays huddled up on himself and watches as everyone more or less returns to their daily life. Rowena settles at a massive contraption of wood and string, and begins to weave a wooden stick through it. There’s coloured string attached to the stick, and she hums to herself as she works. It looks like she’s making a blanket.
Rufus and Victor are doing their morning comb through of the garden to double check on all the plants, which means Dean doesn’t have to do it. The most he’s going to have to do is help water everything later on in the day, and maybe do a walk-through of his own to see if anything might be ready for harvest. The strawberries were looking pretty ripe the last time he checked on them, so he could do that and the tribe could have jams to eat on the hard hunks of bread that they bake in the ground oven next to the fire pit.
The new girl has a death grip on Rufus’s hand, and he stays sitting next to her. Victor sits on her other side and rubs her back every now and then. It must be some kind of comforting to her, because she does start to calm down a lot faster than Dean remembers he did. Dean will have to ask if they all knew each other from before. Or maybe the girl was too young to remember when Victor and Rufus were still a part of the plains tribe. They’ve been here a lot longer than Dean has, after all.
“The one and only.” Gabriel says and Sam can hear his wide smile through the phone. Sam smiles himself, he had actually missed the Trickster. Castiel seems more surprised than anything but Sam knows he had missed Gabriel as well.
“Good,” Dean patted Sam on the shoulder, softly this time. “Then let’s get this show on the road.” Sam nodded and dropped the lighter. The ring lit up, the flames springing to life around them as the sixth boom rang.
Back home, they used to have a stick in his home tree that had measurements carved into it. The measurements were based on his
to tell anyone anything about him. If he does that, it’ll bring them closer and he doesn’t want to be closer. Of course, Dean doesn’t want to be closer to a
He watches her for a while, captivated by this different process. What’s that string made of? It looks very different from the plant fibers or leather from hide that his people use.
Castiel’s eyes widen, when he sees the cast on Dean’s leg and there are still some bruises on his face. Yeah, Morpheus doesn’t really have grace to heal Dean.
Victor nods along, because of course he understands. They were from the same tribe. As far as Dean knows, Victor was younger when Rufus was taken, but they still knew of each other from their tribe before then.
too early to hear his voice first thing in the morning. Dean is even less happy that it’s because he’s being berated for talking to a
“We still have to try Dean… Don’t make Adahy’s death in vain,” Sam didn’t raise his head. Dean just hummed, whether in agreement or not he didn’t know. “There’s still a chance… Cas has a chance. Then maybe you can tell him... ”
A hand taps him firmly on the back between the joints of his upper wings and draws Castiel from his sleep cycle. He lifts his head from where it lay on his crossed arms on the resting bar, and his upper wings fold back from where they had been lifted over his head. A quick glance at the chronometer on the wall tells him that it is shortly after dawn and he has only been sleeping for a few hours. He stayed up far later than normal to complete one of his lessons, but he does not regret it. They were very informative and he enjoyed the subject matter.
Dean laughed, a full hearted laugh. It felt impossible to do such a thing in a situation such as this but it was something they both needed. “I am aren’t I? But don’t you dare tell him that,” Dean pointed an accusing finger.
for showing him what he could do with old fruits and vegetables when they started to get old or have sprouts of their own. Some could be returned to the earth to grow more of the same kind, but others could be reburied to help other plants grow.
. More than half their people died with it, and those who were immune to the ravaging built three cities, gathered what healthy plants and animals they could to preserve them, and left.
Cas shook his head, his brow furrowing further, “No — that is not my problem. Yes, I doubt sometimes, but you get me through it Dean. You’ve been patient with me and I want to do the same to you.”
The Bunker was exactly how Sam and Dean had left it. Dean opened the creaky door, breathing in the smell of paper, stone, and coffee he’d learned to call home. He looked down at the war table as he descended the stairs, their chairs still askew and table cluttered with files.
However, he is not holding out any hope that 1-M-7 and F-3 will mate when they are older. This is still better than nothing.
Castiel continues to fight, using his free arms to jab up into the vampire’s eyes. Daniel cries out and the hunter once again kicks upward, throwing his attacker onto his back. Cas grabs the knife again and plunges it down into the vampire’s leg. He howls in pain as Cas pulls it back out and lunges for his head, aiming for his exposed neck. Daniel rolls out of the way in time to see Cas’s knife sink into the carpet. Then he shoots out his arm, grabbing the hand Cas is balancing on and pulls. Cas yelps in surprise as his face is forced into the floor. Hands quickly grab his wrists, twisting them behind his back as a weight pins him down.
he is currently learning. It is a stringed instrument with two sides that form an inward facing vee in front of the player, allowing each side to be played by the corresponding hand. One side is larger than the other, and each side hooks over the player’s shoulders. Another piece braces it against the player’s stomach so that it is not uncomfortable to hold. The two sides produce different notes, and it is quite lovely to listen to.
The figure took a shaky breath, raising a broken and bloodied finger to jab at a point on the map. He paused, swaying slightly as a cough wracked his frame. It was a wet, heavy sound, causing liquid to drip from his lips and unto the floor.
A thick, solid trunk of a snake’s scaled body undulated in a slow roll that coiled the blue length closer around Dean’s prone body.
Tonight was one of the nights Cas decided they’d walk again. This session turned out to be one of those spent in pleasant silence. Dean didn’t mind it. There was beauty in their quiet companionship, the simple unspoken movements and observations. Dean loved staring at the stars but his mind always wondered at the thought of Castiel’s wings rivalling the beauty of the universe before him. He always had moments when he yearned to see them again, to touch and admire, but he knew Cas felt more comfortable in his vessel, his
He took Cas’s hand in his, nodding to him as the only form of communication. Dean dragged him down the hall, holding tight as he made his way to his room. He opened the door and dragged Cas in with him. Dean let go of Cas’s hand, walking over to search in his clothes drawers. Finally he withdrew two pairs of sweatpants and t-shirts. He left a pair of red flannel pants and an ACDC shirt on the bed and turned to the angel with blue sweatpants and a Led Zepplin shirt printed with the Icarus logo. He smirked at his own humor before looking up and holding them out to Cas.
The incident with Dick was only the first of many. And, every time they fight, Dean gets taken to what he has come to call The Alone Room. Every time he wakes up there, no matter what time of day, he spends the whole night there. The wrong sound of the birds and the insects is on repeat. Dean has noticed a pattern in them, and he knows exactly when they start over again. It’s not
... although we barely just got to talking because of our FlipFest challenge a couple months ago - you have been one of my main supporters and motivators :3 You've listened to me rant about the writing woes but kept encouraging me and pushed me to get off my lazy bum and write XD I can't thank you enough <3 Bro, you are so amazing and I'm so glad that we became friends. I really hope you enjoy reading this - I know you like the dark stuff hehehe
“It’s okay Sammy,” Dean tried to calm his brother, “It’s just a burn. We’ll cover it up and keep moving.”
A few of them tilt their heads, and Dean even notices that the small one’s wings flick out a bit, but none of them say anything. They don’t do anything except bow their heads and poke at the flat things in their hands. It’s like they’re ignoring him, and Dean hates it. No, he hates
He never wanted to come out here, but it isn’t as if he has much of a choice. Fighting off the cecaelia who’d invaded their reef had done a number on him. And Sam… the big lug
“Okay hush and give me my phone back. Cheer up, Giant. While one of you could look out for the cave, the other one could visit Deanie’s dreams, to see what he is up to. I’m sure Morpheus knows that he’s a hunter, so maybe he tries to kill our lovely lumberjack sooner than the others.” Rowena explains and Sam hears Gabriel grumbling in the background now.
Dean paused mid-bite, the delicious bloom of crispy bacon over buttered toast dying on his tongue. "The fuck is that supposed to mean? I wasn’t drunk, Sam! I’d had one fucking beer all day. And since when do you keep tabs from California?” Here they went again. Every friggin time they talked lately it devolved into this.
Cas’s face contorted in pain, shutting his eyes and gritting his teeth, trying his hardest to stay upright. “I — will not hurt —”
Cas picked her up like a doll, dark fire gliding up his hand and snaking hungrily towards the witch. Flames attacked her flailing form, devouring her skin like ravenous wolves. She struggled, waving wildly as the fire caught her hair then her face, twisting it into a horrified skeletal expression, bone exposed as the skin and muscle blackened and melted. Her screams ceased but her mouth stayed open, gaping in silent agony. A ringing replaced her screams, a glow building in her eyes as grace ravaged her inside and out.
“He can,” Dean nodded in agreement, “And he’s got the whole seraph thing going on, flaming wings and all.”
Eventually, Lily and May come out of their tent. They settle down at the edge of the fire with two things that Dean doesn’t recognize. It has a wide, hollow base that sits in their laps, and a long piece that crosses over their chests and rests against their shoulders. There are strings stretched across the whole length of it.
. Sympathy is a sharp pang in his chest, and Dean almost steps forward to try comforting her, even though he has no idea how he could even start to do it.
dropping down towards them from the bridge. Their four wings are spread wide, the lower set flapping lightly.
A deep hum rumbled from Castiel’s chest, and the ridges at the Naga’s side briefly flared, twitching in the note. They reminded Dean of a fish’s gills if he tilted his head just right. “I have a faint memory of hearing of this ‘Babel,’ but I do not think humans have remembered it correctly. Your kind’s minds are as fleeting as your lives. Much of your history is largely fabricated nonsense designed to assuage your inability to believe you are not superior.” Castiel answered, a dozy yawn briefly baring his needle-link fangs to the air.
here, like he did whenever he was out in the sun. He doubts that he’s going to get any more freckles from walking around without a tunic like he has been.
Dean wove hastily through the bare trees scattered along the cliffside, rising steadily with each thud of his boots. His eyes roamed restlessly, taking in as much as they could in the half-second glances. He couldn’t risk being interrupted. His destination was set in front of him and he needed to reach it as soon as possible. He momentarily stared at the spot of interest, still several hundred feet ahead. It was an agonizing climb but it would be worth it if this worked out.
if Aetherians eventually decide that floating cities with a maximum capacity of five thousand Aetherians is not enough for them anymore?
His mouth fell open and he felt himself choking, the air forced from his lungs. Except instead of air escaping him, Dean watched in horror as a familiar stream of light emanated from him and began to trail up towards the angel's mouth.
Thankfully, for 1-M-7, the tribe in the Alpha Sector enclosure has not had many problems yet. There have, regrettably, been reports of aggression and suicide following a collection. It has happened here, in their own facility, but in other sectors, as well as documented in the zoos held on
to the homo sapiens as it always should have been. Without an Aetherian presence, they could evolve across the planet like they were always meant to.
and Cas head over to the shelf. Cas is still poking at the flat thing in his hands, looking up every so often at whatever it is that Big keeps gesturing at on the shelf. Sometimes Big picks something up and shows it to Cas. Why doesn’t Cas already know what everything is? Has he never been in this room before? Is he here to
Dreams of scales slithering against his skin, smooth and warm. Of sharp-nailed trails lighting shivers down his arms, pausing at the exposed, tender flesh of his chest and stomach. Of fangs, bright and gleaming in the dark, dripping with venom. Of a voice as deep as the ocean’s depths, and as fluid as the undulations of the body that housed it.
The Aetherian in the room removes 1-M-7’s clothing and dumps them into a recycler attached to the table of machines against the wall. Its matter will be broken down into the core recycler in the underbelly of the ship and re-used through the replicators to make whatever is inputted. As long as the sequence has been programmed in, a replicator can make any food or material requested of it. Castiel has not gotten to the point of his lessons that will dissect the reclamation technology and science, but he looks forward to it.
tribes pay no attention to turning another sol cycle older, nor do they seem to track how many days they have been alone. Others will hold a celebration for the whole tribe turning another cycle older.
“Sheriff Stark?” Sam asks, once they are inside the building and Dean pays attention to his surroundings. He can easily see that out of ten desks, only four are occupied. He frowns and then focuses back on the little man in front of him.
“I found it!” Sam yells, when really in the middle of all these trees a very small cave is seen. It’s pitch dark in there, but around the cave are even more poppies. Rowena is out of breath once she reaches him but she nods.
A drop of grace splashed across his mind, and Dean had to bite back tears at the shear strength of the emotions that came with it. He knew Cas cared, he knew Cas hated himself for this, but feeling it — he couldn’t take it.
Satisfied with his search, Dean went to leave through the grand wooden door — but found it locked. He frowned and shrugged, making his way back to the nave. He took a seat in front, relaxing with his back against the wood and hands folded in his lap. He leaned his head back, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath through his nose. The warm smell of faded frankincense and scented candles calmed him, lulling him to sleep alongside the echoes of the choir.
“So, Cas gonna come with us?” Dean asks, because of course his thoughts wandered back to him. Somehow they always do. Dean doesn't look up from his bacon, because he is sure that his brother is grinning.
That would mean Castiel was also responsible for other ships crashing into the island, and countless deaths. What did the Naga get out of it? Why sing people to shore if he was just going to kill them?
“Oh like I’d just let you die. How dare you think so little of me.” Dean’s bluntness took the hunter by surprise. Dean’s worry twists into barely concealed anger that Cas can see threatening to bubble to the surface. “Why do you have to be so
Now that he’s hit Dick (in the dick, heh), there’s only one thing that’s going to happen, and Dean knows it really well. He’s kinda mad that his morning plans have been ruined. When he woke up, he first wanted to take a swim before helping with breakfast. Instead, Dean walks over to wait by the door for the
“Dean, please believe me. You will never be useless, you are anything but. I hope one day you will understand, how much I…” Dean starts and just as he gets lost in Castiel’s words and eyes, the door to the kitchen opens and Sam comes in.
“No, but he said you will see some other visions of me. Dean you can’t believe anything the other Castiel will try to tell you! You will know who is real, right?” Castiel asks and his blue eyes are full of unshed tears, Dean sits up a bit straighter.
when they walk on the clear bridge, and he’s definitely noticed that they have a bunch of different skin colours. Nothing crazy like blue, or green, but there are definitely differences.
May almost matches him in how much she eats, if not more. That’s probably why she’s taller than him right now. Dick keeps teasing him about how he’s so short, but Dean knows he’s not actually
Dean laughed dryly, “Yeah well, he’s praying for a miracle. He’s willing to give you a shot. Will you help?” He looked to the Magician with hopeful eyes, this was the last chance they had.
has passed. He never thought so much about time back in the tribe. They paid a whole lot of attention to the passing of the seasons, because that was an important way to avoid the
“I know that’s just who I am. Noble.” Dean bites out and oh Castiel can look even more angry. Dean is sure if they were standing outside Castiel would shove him against the next wall. Sometimes Dean craves that feeling again.
Sam pursed his lips, obviously tempted to argue. “Got it,” he finally resigned, “Half an hour…. but I’m taking your jacket. Your shirt’s too small for me.”
shrugs, but he squeezes Dean’s shoulder hard enough to hurt. “There’s no getting out of this place, kid, so sit down, shut up, and listen to those of us that know what’s going on.”
- you have also been with me through this looooong drawn out process lol. I know life is keeping you a busy bee ;) but it makes me happy whenever I get a chance to talk to you and we get to spill our creative ideas ;) thank you for listening to me rant and for being an awesome art/writing buddy  and friend <3
It never occurred to him what he’d do if he got to the clearing and Castiel wasn’t there. He’d just assumed Castiel could know he was on the island like last time and just- be here. There was no sign of the creature, either in the low pit or around the surrounding area.
Sometimes, Ellen or Bill, or even Rowena, will try and draw him into the conversation. Dean doesn’t answer them. He holds the blanket tight and watches them, and the
In truth, now that 1-M-7 has dove to the bottom of the pool several times, Castiel is starting to think he is up to something. Is he exploring the pool the same as he has been exploring the rest of the enclosure? Castiel has seen him crawling along the walls, inspecting them centimeter by centimeter. Since the vines failed him, is he still looking for a way out? If that is truly what is going on, then that is truly amusing, if not a little heartbreaking. They have never had anyone escape their enclosure before.
“I couldn’t find anything about a Djinn using those.” Castiel says and Sam nods. The hunter had fallen asleep during the night over a book and Castiel had read the last of their books alone.
“Well ain't that a cute little name,” Dean huffed as he saw beyond to the roads and houses within. He didn't see any people or indication of them, only a glow further up in the fog. The sick feeling grew heavier, a weight setting in their stomachs as silence reigned. It waited for them, seeing what they would do. Dean swallowed, his instincts telling him to turn tail and run. But they were here to figure out the problem, not hide from it. “I guess we just walk right in,” he cracked a smile.
If they’re not down on the ground to hunt and fish, or to gather fruits, or dig up vegetables, or find the plants they use for seasoning, healing, or whatever, then they stay inside their family tree. They’re always busy cooking, learning, tanning, making something. And, of course, Dean is
He swims forward, hand raised. Dean stops immediately when the cecaelia’s tentacles flare a deep red and he rises up, teeth bared, frills and arms spreading. Dean goes wide-eyed and slowly backs away.
Cas frowned slightly, “I… I felt that reminding you of my inhumanity would be discomforting. You’ve only known me with this face for so long, and the only time you saw me as I am… I hurt you Dean…”
With the file now open, he transfers it back to his PADD. With a few quick keystrokes on the touchpad, he removes any logging about the file or his messages with Anna. Naomi has full access to his desk and he does not wish for her to find anything regarding Sapien Sympathizers should she ever go looking. She tends to respect his privacy, but in light of his current situation… It is not unlikely that she might restrict him in further ways.
easier if all the grown-ups weren’t yelling at him and drawing attention to what he’s doing. It’s the middle of the night and no one is supposed to be awake right now. There are rarely any
“Are you ever gonna talk to me again?” 1-M-7 is pressed up against the quartz glass, his hands, nose, and forehead resting against it. His eyes are fixed on Castiel where he is crouched on the other side of the hall.
It is… disappointing, to say the least. Castiel enjoyed observing Dean closely. He is quite the character, and was rather entertaining. The way Dean’s mind works is so very different from an Aetherian’s. Castiel was just
If they got out — it was an if now not a when — Dean was going to make Cas want to stay. He’d make him smile, chat with him, let him pick for movie night and then… he didn’t know what he’d do after that.
. Castiel was created in a lab, as all Aetherians are now, given that the species as a whole is barren and infertile. He was grown in an incubation chamber and, when the appropriate size, removed and given to his mother. His days of age began on the date in which his heart first started to beat in the incubation chamber, as Aetherians do not believe that life begins until then.
And the flat thing! How did Cas make it talk? Why did he use it to speak at first instead of talking normally? He knows how to speak. He didn’t need it. So why use it? It doesn’t make any sense to Dean, and he adds it to the list of things he wants to ask Cas.
up as a hobby, but has found it to be an interesting way to relax at the end of his day. Castiel listens attentively. He has not felt the need to learn an instrument himself, but it is nice to hear about it. Samandriel’s enthusiasm is to be admired, as well.
When Dean opens his eyes, another thing is coming down out of the ceiling. It scans over him once, then pulls back up. Another comes down, smaller and circular. It flashes so brightly that Dean has to blink spots out of his eyes.
“I called you before. Days ago.” The thing rumbled, and a sharp ripple pulsed down the length of his coiled tail.
“I assure you it will save us time, much more than your wyvern. No offense,” he nodded towards Impala. She huffed and nodded back.
Sam knew this mind game, he’d played it with Lucifer long enough. The Devil trying to convince him that Dean had wanted him gone, that he’d let Sam go because he’d be glad to know he was burning. “Bullshit!” he spat, “Cas is family!”
His heartbeat is a constant pounding pressure in his chest. It fills his ears, almost to the point that he nearly misses a noise off to his left. His ear-wing on that side twitches, angling towards the sound. Castiel turns his head just as a form jumps out of the grass next to him, knocking him to the ground with a gasp. He blinks rapidly as a small fist catches him in the cheek, but he barely feels it or any of the other punches that follow.
brought their supplies just a few days ago. There shouldn’t be any reason for them coming back right now. This is out of the ordinary, and Dean jumps to his feet. Out of the ordinary is
normal enough, but the thought of actually eating it makes him feel queasy, no matter how hungry he is. He turns his face away without a word. Ellen waits a moment before putting the plate down at his feet. She makes no effort to get any closer, and Dean is a little bit grateful for it.
Bill just grins at him, eyebrows raised. Dean mutters quietly to himself and turns back to what he was doing; using the sharp edge of a rock to peel thin strips of bark from a branch, and then splitting the strips as thin as he can. After the fibers are separated, they use them to make a rope. He doesn’t know what anyone needs it for right now, but Donatello asked him to do it, and Dean didn’t have anything better to do.
“We’re using them,” Dean beamed at him, “You’re stuck with me now Cas, you’ve got to learn that I’m a kinky son of a bitch.”
. He should probably have his own tree when he takes over. How early should he start carving out a tree of his own? They’ll need to build more walkways for it, and another bridge, and that makes his stomach
“Baby is a Lady, she deserves some spot for her alone, I don’t want some asshat scratching her side open again and besides I thought the patients here are all slumbering happily anyway.” Dean says and pets Baby’s hood. After this hunt she deserves a nice day of polishing.
Dean immediately doesn’t like her. He’s been better behaved lately, and hasn’t been going to the Alone Room as often, so why is she glaring at him like that? You’d think they’d be
But the more that Castiel watches 1-M-7, the more he is leaning towards taking a psychological standpoint in his thesis rather than a zoological one. Mother would be happy with whatever he chooses to do, certainly, but Castiel has had his heart set on working in the zoological department with
He made his way towards it, keeping an eye on the tall surviving timber as he wove through the alleys. He glanced down at the charm on his wrist, the cool metal glinting. Sam was glad the magic seemed to be working, they had encountered no monsters so far besides the Uktena and he wasn’t really interested in wasting their time on simple matters. Who knew how long it would be before Cas was lost to them completely… how long until he could no longer discern friend from foe. Sam tried to chase the thought away. But Cas had almost
are going to do if a fight ever does break out. What do they do when a tribe doesn’t get along together? What happens if someone
“That’s it, I’m never turning down shorts again.” Dean reached behind him and grabbed the water from his pack, chugging down the already half empty bottle.
He refrains from glancing back over his shoulder as he leaves the room. The Aetherian who led him here tilts her head in a gesture for him to continue to follow her. She starts walking without waiting for him to acknowledge the direction. Without her attention on him, Castiel takes a moment to linger and stare at 1-M-7’s name on the panel. He sighs softly to himself and turns to follow her.
to offer help to other members of the tribe and make sure that everyone has the supplies that they need.
The child taps at the flat thing again. “Calming rooms are meant to give a specimen space to calm down after an altercation in an enclosure. We believe a fight would just escalate if–” It stops talking and frowns, glancing up at Dean. “You do not understand what I am saying?”
. If your health becomes affected by your choice to not consume what we give you, they will take you from the enclosure –”
“So what are your plans for today?” Sam asks and Dean shrugs. With this stupid cast he can’t really do anything, so he settles for something easy.
“So I can promise you, I watch out for another you and I will destroy him.” Dean says, while he leans against Castiel, seeking his comfort again already. Castiel puts an arm around him and smiles.
Yeah, sure, he knows that it’s bad not to eat. Ellen tells him that every time he turns down whatever meal the tribe shares together. But it makes his stomach turn and his throat feel tight whenever he thinks about eating anything that the
Once Jo is put to bed, Bill and Ellen walk to the water. There are a few piles of blankets and clothing sitting at the edge of the pond. They wade out into the water, dragging one of the blankets with them, and start the process of beating it against some rocks. Dean watches them work their way through the piles, and watches as Dick leaves Donatello to the fishing lines so he can go swimming.
to hear. He glances over his shoulder, grins, and swings around to wave back. Dean feels queasy and lightheaded because his
But the fact that it doesn’t change seasons really helps his garden. It just grows and grows and grows. Dean figures at some point he’s going to take over half the field, especially because the grown-ups keep telling him to plant more of certain kinds. Corn especially takes up a lot of room, and he has to be careful that the pumpkins and other vine plants don’t choke out everything else. They grow like crazy, and he ends up with a lot of them by the time they’re ready for harvest.
Dean sighs in relief. It was all okay now, Sammy was saved. He looks down at his little brother who smiles weakly back. Fuck it. He grabs him in a hug.
The beam of light moves up and down Dean’s body, starting at his feet and swooping up towards his head. Cas makes an unhappy noise and there’s an edge to his voice when he speaks again. “Please be quiet, and do not move during the scan.”
Dean takes a deep breath and sighs. It’d be a long while till the next migration, but Dean is willing to wait to see Castiel again.
“That’s because you can’t. You’re human.” The Winchesters frowned at him as the angel drew the sheet back over the man. “It’s — I haven’t seen this kind of magic in a long time.”
Lily starts up another song, and May joins in. After a few plinking tunes, a drum starts up from inside Frank’s tent. Dean doesn’t know this song either, and he desperately wishes for the familiar songs of his own tribe. He pulls the blanket over his head, and puts his hands over his ears. Another sting of tears makes his nose tingle, and he squeezes his eyes shut against it.
The angel’s mouth curled slightly. Then Dean turned and opened the door, herding them out of the building and back to the parking lot, where they proceeded to drive back to the nearest hotel to prepare for the day ahead.
as the door slides shut behind the vines, and Dean flinches slightly at the sound. No one else pays any attention to it because they’re all gathered around the new girl. Dean had briefly considered walking into the fur pile room, but decided against it. There’s nowhere to go from there, because the other door would be closed. And beyond that door is just a bunch of passageways that barely make sense to him, and he has no idea how to open the doors or where they might lead.
Castiel can’t help his feeling of annoyance. Dean doesn’t completely deserve it but it’s still there. There’s just been too much shit lately and Dean happens to be here. “I know you’re friendlier than the others Dean, but that doesn’t mean you don’t follow their orders.” He finally meets Dean’s eyes, pinning him there. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten about the apocalypse and your plan to use me as a puppet.”
“What is that?” Sam asks and Castiel squints a bit. Dean thinks about kneeling down himself, but then decides against his. The nerds could for sure figure it out without him looking like an idiot here too.
always warned that he shouldn’t swim after eating. He’s only explored half of the bottom of the pool so far, despite Ellen and Rowena not liking it when he dives out of sight. Dean doesn’t understand their worry. He’s a great swimmer, and he can hold his breath for a really long time.
“He is…” Dean starts, but suddenly the door from one of the empty rooms opens and Castiel feels as if someone punched the air out of his lungs, even though he doesn’t need to breath. Lisa is walking into the room.
All processing plants are kept beneath the surface of the city, and Castiel is excited for the lessons that will require a guided tour through them. He should be coming up to those shortly, and then mother will arrange for him to shadow an employee for that division for a day. It will be very interesting to learn further about the function of their city, though he knows it will not be enough to draw him from his goal to work with his mother in the zoology division of the science sector.
Dean began to fall again, his eyes widening as he tipped closer to the precipice. He moved what limbs he could, flailing his arms to grab at the edge of the cliff before he could roll off it completely. Then she was on him again, roughly forcing him onto his back, head hanging dangerously off the edge, a claw searching for his throat. Dean swung at her, keeping her talons away until the blade appeared again, this time by his abdomen. He grabbed for the dagger again and to his surprise, she let him take hold of the hilt. He looked up, surprised and saw the triumphant look in her eyes. Before he could realize it, her free hand swung forward and cut his throat.
“Thank you Dean for driving us here, how noble of you.” Castiel says, when Dean parks Baby in the parking lot of a motel. Dean looks into the rearview mirror and glares at the angel. Castiel doesn’t seem impressed and glares back.
“I was looking through some newspapers this morning and found an interesting article. Apparently there is a whole town that’s asleep.” Sam says and holds his laptop up for Dean to see. Dean snorts at the title. Sleeping Beauty.
“And it was my favorite Metallica shirt too. I was so mad. But dad got me a new one a couple months later.”
… Except, maybe, the people. But definitely everything else sucks, and his homesickness just grows and grows.
Aah that was it guys! >_< It's finally done! I can't believe I finally finished this! I'm so glad so many of you spent the time to read this and said so many nice things :3 This was my first long fic and I'm looking forward to making more in the future (I've got another one planned though it will probably take a while) Thank you so much for sticking with me on this long ride <3 Love y'all - thank you!
She smiles at him with a little shake of her head, but she’s too nice to make him do it. That’s why Dean loves her best. “Will you come with me to go see your
What would have happened if the next enclosure had not been for the Beta Sector? What if it had housed a dangerous mammal, reptile, or otherwise? Castiel shudders to think about what could have happened to 1-M-7 then.
. The new specimen will be designated 1-M-7; the seventh male specimen from Alpha Sector (or, colloquially, Sector One). Age to be determined by analysis of his teeth. As of yet, 1-M-7 has not had a negative reaction to the tranquilizer, thankfully. He is from Tribe Site C in the jungle trees.
Again, Dean doesn’t look at him. He doesn’t even bother to answer. Dick still treats him badly, no matter how much everyone else gets mad at Dick for it. Dean doesn’t want to give him the satisfaction of answering him.
It’s a little weird being the only person from the forest tribe here, but Dean is also a little proud of the fact. From what he’s heard, it seems like his tribe is the best hidden out of everyone. The sea tribe lives on the edge of open water; the mountain tribe lives at the base of a mountain; and the plains tribe crosses back and forth over a never ending field.
Castiel isn't anything like Dean expected, but then again, he supposed that's a good thing, otherwise, he would have ended up dead.
is standing by the door, staring and pointing at him. At this distance, Dean can’t tell if it’s the same one from his first test or not, but he thinks it might be. The
The muscles in Dean’s arms are trembling, and his toes and fingers ache where he’s gripping the rocks. He’s colder than he’s ever been since he came to this place, but it’s not enough to get him to stop. This is his last chance. If it fails, and if he can’t think of any other ways out, then he’s stuck here. And Dean refuses to accept that.
He has read the procedures on what to do in the case of an altercation between specimens, but he would still like to witness it in person.
Even though Dean is the one who picked her, as if he was ready to go without any issues, Rowena still has to sorta drag him after the
child is looking down at the flat thing. Dean slams both fists against the see-through wall hard enough to make the blue-eyed small one jump and take a step back in surprise. It looks up at him, because when he’s standing, Dean is taller than it.
Donna’s eyes rolled, “If you say so, Mr. Beer-and-Bacon. Honestly, I could kick you myself for staying so trim. I eat a crouton out of place, and it’s on the Stepper for me.” She sighed, slapping a shapely thigh for emphasis.
season, but everyone will share to make sure no one goes hungry. Dean likes that about his village. They all take care of each other, and the
annoying. Dean rolls his eyes and ignores her. He says nothing and goes to the edge of the water. With the stick of the fish stuck in the ground again, Dean takes a moment to wash his hands and splash some water on his face. Part of him wants to go for a swim again and check out the bottom of the pool, but his
What is odd about this is that she does not normally wake him up before she leaves. On previous occasions such as this, he would merely wake up at his usual time to a notice on his PADD. But Castiel understands why she has made a change to her habits, and he is most grateful for it.
Sam steps on the creaking board again, giggling in delight at the sound. He rocks back and forth on it, chubby hand flailing happily. Dean pulls a piece of charcoal from the pouch at his hip and crouches to draw a large X symbol in the center of the board. It’ll warn others that it’s getting old and to keep an eye on it. Eventually, it will be replaced.
Annoyed, Dean reaches down and plucks at the grass in front of him. He picks a nice long piece and pulls it free. Smoothing it out, he sandwiches it between the sides of both his thumbs, leaving a little gap between them below the knuckle where the blade is. Satisfied, he puts his mouth to the little gap and blows against it to make a really high pitched whistle that warbles through the whole of The Alone Room.
They’re the only solid thing in the cloud of fins, frozen in place among the crowd. As the rest of the swarm moves, those eyes stay in place, watching him — bright, blue, and piercing his very soul. Dean can’t look away.
He’ll have to start racing May back and forth across the field to train up on his speed. He’s been working on his strength by lifting himself with just his arms on the tree branches, but Dean needs to make himself
Most notably, it has been documented that there is a significant difference in habits from what has been observed of the specimens in their home environment versus in captivity, including a difference in tribe hierarchies. To Castiel’s understanding, many also exhibit the characteristics of being traumatized.
The next few weeks passed by uneventfully. It was funny how easily things rolled back to normal. One hunt here, another one there, nothing they couldn’t handle, especially with a newly charged angel. Most days Sam and Dean don’t need any ammo, or to even search around for that matter. Cas could see through almost all warding and survey the area in record time.
Hauling said mutton leg back to the boat in a cooler wasn’t his ideal Saturday morning, but the sun was nice and bright today and would sour the meat fast if Dean just let it sit out.
Dean looked away, avoiding his pitying stare. “Okay… then I’ll...,” Dean sighed, “I don’t know.” He rubbed his face, numb and shaking. His clothes were still wet and clinging to his skin, splattered with dirt and mud.
Castiel’s tail burrowed in the dirt much like one would dig in with their heel to focus themselves. “It is, how your kind would say- magic? Many creatures have this ability; only a few have lost their Tongues to time, humans being one of them. Long ago your people had the Gift as well, but it was lost.”
The light from it opened up to a slight overview of the small town. From here he could see the flames growing. The building had finally started to crumble as it burned once again, this time serving as a grave and not a home. The trees still smoked in the distance, like incense sticks stuck into the dry ground, but Sam had no time to stare at the further destruction that was being wrought. It was only a matter of time before the wendigo figured it out.
And it’s a whole moon cycle before Dick finally breaks down. He corners Dean at his private camp in the back of the trees, and it’s
to him now that he’s not as big a pain in the ass, or that he hasn’t tried to escape in a while. He can’t, even if he wants to. He needs to be stronger before he can attempt it, so he’s been working out a lot. Pushing himself to get better, all so he can get out of this place.
Instead, Dean gets Donatello standing up to serve the stew as everyone comes to settle around the fire again. The only one who doesn’t join them is Frank. He takes his bowl of stew in his tent. Dean doesn’t take the bowl offered to him, and it gets left next to his untouched plate. Everyone else, however, settles down to slurp quietly from their bowls while they talk amongst themselves.
like that. He stomps his foot, slams both fists against the see-through wall, and shouts himself hoarse. He’s heard a lot of bad words in his time, a lot of them from his own
By the time dinner is done, the sun has fully set. That seems to mark the end of the day for this tribe. One by one, they retire to their own tents. Victor, Rufus, Donatello, and Dick all have their own spaces, and they head there with short goodnights. Most of them even wave at Dean before the flap of their tent closes behind them. Frank simply closes his tent without a word.
The face he’s making must be amusing, because Ellen laughs at it and ruffles his hair. He knocks her hand away and leans around to look at Cas again. “Can I go now?”
Frank talks so little to him, that Dean sometimes doesn’t recognize his voice. It’s gruff and low, and Frank rarely talks loud enough to be heard at any point in the camp. You have to be passing in front of his tent to actually be able to hear him. Lucky for Dean, because that’s exactly where he is at the moment.
The fish panic, as he knew they would, but with a practiced stroke of his blade, he slices the slowest of the group, downing three and swerving sharply. He lashes out with his tail, swinging as hard as he can as he turns. He feels several more fish against his fin, stunned by the blow and races after the rest of the group, teeth bared and claws outstretched. He snags one on his foreclaw and quickly bites its spine to end its wriggling.
Instead of making a face at him like Dean really, really wants to, he chooses to duck behind the tree and wait until Dick moves on. He can hear Bill’s voice call out to Dick, but the words don’t make it all the way across the field. When Dean peeks out from behind the tree, Dick has left the bag in the middle of camp and is ducking into a tent. As far as he knows, no one actually sleeps in that tent. Dean hasn’t looked in it himself to see what’s in there yet.
“Be quiet!” Dean’s voice suddenly cut short as the witch silenced him with a snap of her fingers. “You’re ready Castiel… you heard him… it’s okay if you do it.” Dean didn’t have the energy to be angry, all he could process was his upcoming doom.
“Here,” Dean pushed himself up so he could crawl up and snuggle himself against Cas’s side. Cas scooched to accommodate him, spreading his wing underneath Dean to lay on. Once Dean had gotten comfortable, pressing a hand to Cas’s chest and resting his head on his shoulder, he reached for Cas’s wings, grabbing the longest feathers and pulling them over him like a blanket. Cas seemed to like that, grace glowing with warmth and affection as Dean pressed his nose into the dark downy feathers. The smelled even better than Dean’s imagined. He closed his eyes and sighed, the afterglow and comfort of the angel’s embrace like a lullaby.
Sam jerks awake, when Castiel next to him moves. It’s in the middle of the night and he had been out all day to search for the damn cave, but couldn’t find anything. Just more people fallen asleep in the town.
leaves, but the little one stays. It stands off to one side, close to the see-through wall, and spends a lot of time looking between Dean and the flat thing in its hand. Dean figures that the room he’s in must be higher up, because the bottom of the see-through wall is about chest height for the small one.
are going to figure out what he’s up to before he can make it over the top of the waterfall. Dean spent a while throwing rocks when he was sure no one was looking late at night, trying to make sure that there wasn’t one of the same barriers he can’t see like what is above the wall he went over once. As far as he can tell, there’s nothing blocking his way.
are plant eaters and pretty shy, running away at the first snap of a twig, but Dean has definitely heard stories of how hunters have been injured by their horns. Sometimes a male will alert the herd and then charge a hunter down if they get too close. Dean isn’t fully convinced that there are animals in this forest that can’t or won’t try to kill them. Everything is dangerous, somehow, and it’s a lot for him to have to keep Sammy (and, eventually, the whole village) safe from.
, but both of the adults currently present are practically trembling with excitement. The search teams have been patrolling this sector for the last eighty-six days in an attempt to find a specific specimen. The zoological department wishes to facilitate breeding between specimen F-3 with a male of approximately the same age. Eventually, of course.
Dean turns back to Castiel who kneels next to them on the ground. He is holding something in his hand, examining it very carefully, seeming deep in his thoughts. Before Dean can react his brother kneels down next to Castiel and takes… some of the pulver in his hand.
Even though there’s a lot of interesting stuff to learn, there’s a lot of boring stuff too. Dean hates having to listen to stories about a lot of old people that he’s never met, but, apparently, it’s important for him to know it all. Sometimes he thinks taking over as
Dean paused a moment, taking a breath and trying to control his spiraling thoughts. “Yeah,” he whispered, “Just… be careful with it.”
The weight of their eyes is heavy and he cringes away from it. Dean grabs the edge of the fur on the top of the pile, directly under him, and draws it around himself. He rolls to try and hide under it, but still leaves himself enough space to be able to look around again. The memory of fear makes so much sense now, but relief eases through him when Dean finally confirms that Äity and Sammy aren’t here with him. But that quickly goes away, because maybe they got taken too. Maybe they’re just not
Burying under them, Dean flattens himself out as best he can and ignores any aches in the back of his neck. He lifts them back just a little bit, just enough for him to keep an eye on the door and whatever might be coming through it. Painting-Ellen did say that she would be waiting, but what if she’s as flat and unresponsive in person? And who else is here? Will there be anyone from his tribe?
