out of him, and Tony pins him down with his hips.
He feels someone else’s gaze on him and in his periphery sees that Janet has come back to stand beside them after walking around the room.
It happens more than once, which is what tips Steve off. Tony’s acting as if nothing has changed, and that’s a good thing, it’s what Steve
Captain America, Steve Rogers, bastions of truth, loyalty, and justice. It wasn’t an expectation that Captain America trusted inherently in the goodness of people and are nothing but open and kind—it was a fact. One Steve felt the burden of maintaining more heavily on some days.
“And if it is?” he murmurs.
He breathes out slowly, trying not to wake Tony. It feels nice, the warmth of him, the solid weight like a blanket. He considers lifting Tony’s arm away, tucking him back into a position that’s less embarrassing, but at that moment, Tony huffs out a breath, buries his face deeper against Steve’s shoulder, and Steve blushes.
Steve blinks. He can’t look away, can’t draw attention to himself. But he can’t do anything else, either. No one’s said that to him before, and the full force hits Steve like a punch to the gut. He wants to say it back, because he means it. The realization makes him want to bolt out of the room.
Bruce frowns back at his book. Tony had mentioned earlier that he was working on something urgent, hence the need for Bruce’s support.
Steve’s heart swells so quickly it feels like it shatters in the same moment.
“Hi,” Steve says. His voice is rough, his throat dry.
“Well. Eventually, after a lot of time and effort,” Tony looks at Steve meaningfully, “I started liking you, and spending time with you. It got to a point that I’d ask JARVIS where you were.”
“I thought I just said, you know. No self-destructive behavior,” Tony lets out another strangled laugh, and takes another step away from Steve. Steve immediately misses the warmth of Tony’s hand over his chest.
Steve wakes up from a dream and shivers at the cold; his shirt clings to his back, wet with his sweat. The dream is already fading quickly from his mind, but it’s become familiar now. Him and Tony on the balcony, New York sparkling around them, his lips against Tony’s. In his dreams, it always goes better. They kiss, and then they smile, and then sometimes (and Steve likes these dreams best) they tell each other how it’s been a long time coming, and that they love each other.
. He can’t help but hope that the man continues to serve his table, even if he knows it won’t go anywhere. It’s not like he knows if the man is gay or bisexual, or that he himself can communicate that without being so overt; how do people just
“Do you want to…” Tony trails off, chewing on his lip.
“Nat, you—“
“Before you,” Steve pauses. “I mean, I was out this afternoon and.” He pulls the book out from behind him—a first edition copy of Tolkien’s
“Tony,” and somehow, Steve sounds
There’s already a pot of coffee waiting for them in the kitchen. Tony lets go of Steve’s hand immediately upon seeing the coffee and pours himself a cup, moaning softly after his first sip. He takes a seat on one of the bar stools by the counter and drinks quietly, and Steve’s used to this version of Tony, too, decaffeinated and inattentive.
Tony wants to argue, right this moment. But how can he? It’s awful that they can be so alike. The only reason he keeps his mouth shut is because he knows that Tony’s used that argument before. Maybe this is growth, to know when to back down from a fight. Or to avoid one totally.
Tony grins, taking the seat and turning to the reporter. “Peter, is it?”
So why is he crying?
They sit in silence for a few moments, and Steve tries to gather all his willpower to get up. Just as he’s about to, Jojo arrives carrying a tray.
Steve sits down and sighs. He drinks from his own glass before answering. “You can just tell me if you don’t like me, I can take it,” he says. For a brief moment, he goes back to what was happening barely an hour ago—minutes ago, even. Strange, how life is.
“It’s reactor tech,” Tony says. “It functions like a pacemaker, when I’m not…” he trails off.
He downs a glass of water and attempts to fall back asleep, spending an hour tossing and turning instead before he decides to make himself something warm to drink.
“Well,” Tony looks up at Steve and smirks. “I am an actor.”
“I wanted to talk to you to explain why” a thick dark line crosses out the statement. “I’ve been doing my own digging, about HYDRA and SHIELD and Zola and Barnes. There’s a lot to unpack. Do you know we’re one loser who lives in his mom’s basement with too much time on his hands away from the whole world finding out The Winter Soldier probably killed JFK? Don’t answer that. I didn’t realize writing, like, hand writing, was so cathartic.”
“No,” Steve says, shaking his head and sighing. “You just seem really tired.”
“What?”
“Here are the variables,” Tony breathes out, is afraid of what he’ll say next, his brain is fogged over and full of static. “I love you, and I don’t know what to do with that.”
Steve sits in his shower and cries quietly. He knows that he doesn’t have to be quiet—no one’s going to hear him from here. But still.
Bucky, the one person in the world who had stayed with Steve through everything. Bucky, who had fallen all those years (
It was a few dates later—a science fair that Stark Industries had sponsored—when Steve had taken a deep breath and clasped Tony’s hand in his. Previously, he’d never understood the appeal, but the smile Tony had on his face made it all make sense. Steve smiled back, tucked Tony’s hand into the crook of his elbow, and felt something funny, like this would be the perfect time to lean down and kiss Tony—but that wasn’t in the plan. There’s a photo of them, grainy from a phone camera, smiling at each other like they weren’t surrounded by sweaty teenagers. “I think we broke the internet,” Tony said gleefully, showing Steve the photo on his phone. Steve smiled at Tony, and felt that funny feeling again, and they were totally alone, so he didn’t pay it any mind.
Rhodey arrives a little before lunch, and looks surprised to see Tony awake.
“Yeah,” Steve says, shrugging a little. He curls his hand into a fist, fighting against the sudden urge to reach over, cup Tony’s jaw, pull him close.
. Steve remembers Clint saying the same, but Steve knows his body is in desperate need for electrolytes, so he downs it in one go. It tastes sweet-ish, with an undertone of acidity, but he drinks it too quickly for him to really care about it.
?” Steve shouts into the receiver.
Tony stares at Steve, his jaw tight. “What if—?”
“I did,” Steve nods. “Thanks for suggesting it.”
(It’s never the time, his brain supplies, unhelpfully.)
“I know,” he says. He can’t seem to bring himself to meet Tony’s gaze just yet. There are too many emotions roiling inside him: relief, fear, gratitude, love.
Tony breathes out through his mouth, then in through his nose. Steve tips his chin up and meets his gaze.
“What?” Steve asks, setting the towel down and sitting beside Tony. He takes Tony’s hand in his and kisses his knuckles.
Perhaps, then, this was inevitable.
“You talk. I’ll cook.”
He feels a little guilty, wishing that someone would just try and assassinate the president already.
“Wait—!”
Then, somehow, we lay down that way. We didn’t say anything to make it happen, simply followed and predicted each others’ movements as well as we did in the midst of the battle.
The man nods. “Enjoy your beer,” he says, and Steve watches as he walks back inside, only to blush when the man looks back at him and catches him staring.
“I’m not
Tony looks away and licks his lips. “Yes,” he sighs. “That and, well. By how much I felt?” Tony shakes his head. “That sounds gross.”
Third, develop a hypothesis: follow if / then structure.
he do, anyway?”
Tony kicks off his shoes when they get to Steve’s apartment—he’s used to house rules by now, and plops down on Steve’s sofa as Steve bends down to unlace his shoes. Steve is setting them aside properly in their assigned space on the rack when Tony makes a small, pleased sound. Steve looks up to see him holding up a small ziplock bag.
They kiss gently, in the way only two drunk, stoned people do. Open mouthed and soft, luxuriating in each touch of their lips against each others’. Steve can feel every point of touch between them, can feel the heat emanating from under Tony’s clothes. Tony pushes against him, holds him close, kisses him until Steve groans.
“Yes,” I breathed out.
The next few days are filled with small acts of penitence: a cup of coffee on the bedside table when Tony wakes, a sandwich in the workshop, a completed report for a day-old mishap. It’s on Thursday that Tony’s heart finally softens. Over nothing, really, just a small doodle on his desk. He realizes, in that moment, that of all his achievements, perhaps learning to understand Steve Rogers should rank highest. Right up there with being understood by him, too.
“Tell me what you want, Steve,” Tony says, and his hand goes up to his chest, a familiar motion, except he’s rubbing at what isn’t there.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Go eat your donut.”
“I’m already bored,” Tony says, stretching his legs out.
“I—“ Steve says, his brain failing to come up with any thought other than loud screeching. “What?”
This certainly isn’t how he thought his vacation would go. But it’s a good detour.
Then Tony shows up in the communal kitchen, two hours later, and dumps a sheaf of papers in front of Steve, right beside his oatmeal.
Tony makes an obscene sound. “Jojo, I love you.”
“Hey Steve, it’s Tony. You free tonight?”
Rhodey laughs, and for a while they’re quiet as they eat.
They’re quiet, and Steve cautiously regards the way Tony hasn’t moved his hand away from under Steve’s.
Steve swallows, realizes that he hasn’t said anything. “Okay,” he says, dumbly.
“Okay,” Steve says to himself, out loud to his empty room. “Okay.”
Steve shrugs in response. The sudden truce between them feels fearless, both of them exuding the strange relief of finally speaking without the threat of violence.
“No,” Steve lies.
Chapter eight:
“Yes,” the man says, straightening up in his seat. “Thank you for making the time, Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers. We know it’s very precious.”
“Who is Steve?”
“Anyway that’s not the point. Obviously it’s not about truth.” Tony stops himself, and Steve cocks it head at how self-conscious Tony looks.
A laugh bubbles out of Steve, joyful and unbidden, and a little bit shocked. “Good,” he says, reaching out and holding Tony’s hand, which is as disgustingly sweaty as his own. “Good.”
Everything in Steve’s field of vision is bright: Tony’s hair, Tony’s eyes, Tony’s mouth. Tony’s looking at Steve with such intensity that Steve feels his cheeks flush, and with a sudden swell of courage Steve only usually feels during a fight, he leans in closer and seals the space between their lips. He twists his wrist away from Tony’s grip, sliding his hand up the expanse of Tony’s bare arm, squeezing at the muscles there.
Steve’s so shocked by her words that he scoffs, and realizes that he’s done what he was afraid of earlier— he’s given it away.
Tony turned to him and smiled. “Yeah, definitely.” He pushed himself up a little and kissed Steve, his heart feeling so full it could burst.
“Shut up,” Tony grumbles, but tightens his grip on Steve’s hand, grounding him.
“Nothing,” Steve says, and then, feeling like he has to make up for his silence, he lifts Tony’s hand to his lips and kisses Tony’s knuckles.
He never expected to have become friends with such a wild, raucous bunch of people who share his penchant for violence and self-sacrifice, but he’d never fathomed the millennium, either, and yet here he is, a decade and a half into it.
A joke? Now? Tony feels his frown deepen.
“Tease.”
, in his hungover search for hydration. Second, that he and Tony were friends, now. They’d been friends for a while, really, stopped snapping at each other somewhere between HYDRA bases and cups of coffee on the balcony. Steve had stopped thinking of Tony as a flippant jerk who goaded him into arguments just for laughs, and instead saw Tony’s sarcasm as his own form of protection. They’d never agreed to stop fighting, never said anything about how they’d actually gotten along when they weren’t thinking about it.
, which throws a wrench in this whole debacle, and deep in the recesses of Tony’s brain, rationality begins to take root. “He’s my best friend. You’re the love of my life.”
Someone clears their throat, and Steve nearly jumps out of his own skin.
They both stop, and Natasha laughs. “You can’t believe…?”
Steve wakes up on his bed with a jolt. According to the clock on his bedside, it’s eight in the morning, and he doesn’t remember how he got back to his room or taking off his shoes. Oh,
Then, he closed his eyes and kissed the inside of my wrist. It punched the air out of me.
“And don’t worry about your report from yesterday, I got it covered,” Steve says in a rush.
“There,” she murmurs to herself, then she pushes Tony up. “Now it’s his turn, so if you please.”
like, made me hot all over and desperate to press his skin against mine. I was moaning throughout, unable to stop myself and not even wanting to—I moaned as he tugged on my hair to expose my neck, I moaned when I finally got my hands under his shirt, digging my nails into his skin, I moaned when he lifted my arms up above my head and held my wrists down with one hand.
“Tony, stop.”
Steve keeps his gun up and crosses the room slowly, his eyes darting from Stark’s face to where his bloody hand is pressed against his flesh. Once he’s close enough, Steve finally does falter when he sees the gaping hole Stark is trying to cover up.
Steve sweeps it up easily, and bends down to check under Tony’s bed. He squawks in protest when Tony playfully slaps his ass.
“My hero,” Tony sighs, resting his head on Steve’s chest. His breath is warm against Steve’s neck, and Steve tries to fight against the base instinct of cradling Tony closer, because now isn’t the time.
Tony, meanwhile, is looking at him like he hung the sun; there’s a soft smile on his lip, and the emotion is clear in his face. Adoration, fondness.
The feeling takes him by surprise, because for a brief moment just then, he’d forgotten that all of this was for show. Now, in front of a reporter, he’s reminded to keep up the act, when over the past few weeks, he hadn’t pretended. Not really. Anxiety settles in his stomach, uncomfortable and worrisome.
Of course there’s only one bed. They should have expected this.
Tony pulls away at the sound, hands retracting immediately from Steve’s neck, Steve’s chest.
“Excuse me?” Tony says, and Steve is standing inside the elevator and Tony is standing right outside it, and the doors begin to inch out to close—Steve slams a hand out to jam the door open, and Tony takes a step back. “Steve—”
“Gimme everything JARVIS found on this.”
Steve smiles again. “Thanks, Tony.”
Tony scrunches up his face and walks back to the kitchen, dragging his feet. Steve follows, smiling all the while.
Steve’s head heats up just thinking about the conversation, of how clinical it was. But maybe that’s the best way to approach this current step.
“How do you feel about proving them wrong?” Tony asks, smirking.
Tony bites his lip, stung.
“Excuse me?” Steve says, nearly dropping his bowl of ice cream.
Chapter three:
Tony passes Steve a slice and as Steve settles back into the couch, warm and content, he thinks:
So he finally asks: “Do you want me?”
Their first date really is dinner; a small modern Japanese restaurant in Midtown. It’s not too flashy, and Steve fumbles with his chopsticks for a second before Tony reaches over and adjusts his grip.
“No, I’m not okay.”
Steve takes a sip.
He stares at the hoodie on the floor, faded a little in the collar and at the cuffs, from how often he’d tug them. Tony squats down and picks it up, his heart clenching as memories come unbidden.
Nick is sitting in front of the camera, reviewing the boards. Tony shucks off his robe and drapes himself over the bed, clad only in his briefs.
Steve levels Tony with a look, but doesn’t say anything else. He breathes out slowly through his nose and flips through it. It starts with how often they should be seen together in public, then the slow escalation of closeness they should display.
“I worked with Steve almost a year ago,” Tony says, smiling to the camera. Steve hasn't arrived yet, but Tony feels a thrum of excitement building in him, zinging around and making his body feel alight. He remembers it all still, clear as the video, he’s all but memorized and branded to memory. Steve’s skin, the strong muscles of his arms under Tony’s hands, coupled with how soft his lips felt, pressed against his.
As if on cue, Steve enters, carrying a box of donuts and a cup of coffee.
Post-ops are usually the best times for the team, everyone relieved that no one had been injured too badly, everyone taking the chance to talk about the winning strategy, or parse through the data they’d collected. Instead, the air is thick with tension.
“If there was no point,” Tony says, voice lowering, “then why’d you do it?”
They’re quiet, and then Steve asks JARVIS to play some music (not Tony’s), and the air is filled with the sweet notes of showtunes. Tony rolls his eyes and shakes his head at the music. “Oklahoma? Really?”
“Steve?” It’s Natasha. She doesn’t wait for Steve to invite her in before entering.
“I thought of myself as someone who could do anything, could save anyone, because I was strong, and brave, and smart. And then, one day, none of that mattered, none of that was true. I wasn’t strong enough, or brave enough, or smart enough to save the one person in the world who was with me through it all, before I was the man people talked up enough to become a myth.”
“Yeah, let’s get it over with,” Steve bites out, and just as the words are out of his lips, he wants to stuff them back in, because for the briefest moment, hurt flashes across Tony’s face.
“Just two weeks,” Steve says, still smiling and looking absolutely charming. “I have another exhibit in a different gallery, and I might hold a quick workshop.”
It’s been a while since they’d had a late night mission like this.
Tony nods, as if Steve had said those thoughts out loud. “I won’t tell if you don’t,” he says, touching a finger to his nose. “Secret’s safe with me.”
It’s happened often enough that when Steve finds Tony passed out on the couch, he doesn’t make a fuss. Instead, just gets a blanket from Tony’s room and drapes it over him.
“Well as it stands, there’s not much company to go around,” Steve counters, smiling at Tony, trying to keep the mood light.
Tony sits down on the bed, still holding the hoodie. He was wearing it that day that Steve had upended everything.
It takes a few seconds of Tony getting his bearings before he looks at Steve, and Steve is momentarily struck by how handsome Tony is, this up close.
The shame doubles down on him, and Steve blinks, finally back in his skin, and his skin is crawling.
On the screen, there’s a burst of blood and something pale jumping out of Kane’s chest; Thor yells, spilling popcorn over himself and Steve, and Tony lets out a big whoop of glee. Beside Steve, Natasha lets out a huff of breath: “Still gross,” she says to herself, as she slowly eases her vice-like grip on Steve’s arm. Clint, meanwhile, is completely unfazed and maintains his singular attention on the mayhem onscreen. Steve slumps back into the couch and smiles, and while his heart did race with surprise, now a sense of peace settles over him as he looks over the team.
Tony takes a seat beside Steve, and Steve turns back to look at the soft glow emanating from all over the city. He feels Tony shiver and shift closer to him.
Tony looks up at Steve, surprised for a second, before raising the cup to his lips and taking an experimental sip. Tony’s eyes are bright, and the midday sun streaming through the windows makes the browns in Tony’s eyes lighter than they are. Steve smiles at him before he turns back to the stove, and cracks open two eggs. As they fry in the pan, he pops a few slices of bread into the toaster.
“I do,” Steve admits, because in his dreams he’s braver than he is in real life.
“What about me?”
It was nice.
Tony blinks, and only then does Steve realize that while he’d been looking—Tony had been looking, too.
Steve feels the first tendrils of panic begin to snake their way up his legs, his arms. He takes a deep breath in an attempt to steady himself. It doesn’t help.
“Come on,” he says, clambering off Steve then holding a hand out to help him up. “Let’s go for a swim.”
I turned my head, just a little, just enough so there was only an inch between us. Then I felt Steve’s breath stutter to a stop.
“Only because it was you that was looking,” Tony admits, looking down at Steve’s lips then back up at him.
Too bad for everything else.
“Glad to see you’ve settled in.” Steve starts up from his reading at the sound of Tony’s voice.
Steve bites back the bile rising up his throat, threatening to color his words. He doesn’t say anything, afraid to give it all away.
was Steve Rogers? The worst man Tony had ever met? Impossible.
Steve rolls his eyes fondly. It’s nice, he realizes, to be able to be open with Tony like this.
“You can just go and do things. Or, well, that’s how it seems, to me. To everyone else, too. You can just do things and not care about what people think, what people expect. I can’t
“Hey,” Tony looks up from his tablet and stands up. “How was the mission?”
Suffice to say, they haven’t had much time to talk, least of all get to know each other. Still, it strikes Steve as a calculated move on Tony’s end; Tony, who insists on flash and pizazz. It makes Steve wonder if anyone has really ever gotten to know Tony.
“Any time. Really. Like you said, I… I know what it’s about.” Tony laughs a little again. “I mean, at least in some approximations.”
“Yeah,” Steve says. He looks up to see if Tony’s looking at him, and he’s surprised by the emotion in Tony’s gaze. “Of course I worried,” he murmurs.
Tony ducks into his room and comes out with a bag, and Steve follows him outside. From the door, it’s only a few steps to the beach, and already under the shade of a botong tree is a cooler. Steve figures Jojo would have put it out. He thinks that Jojo already knows what Tony wants by now.
“Oh, Tony, I don’t think—”
, Steve rationalizes,
“I think I’m going to cry,” he says, and it’s a strange thing be so acutely aware of and at the same time so powerless to stop.
Tony grabs Steve’s wrist and Steve’s brain quiets in a blink. “Please let me just—” Tony starts.
“Yeah I have a few more lines of code left to do for the website, and then I can send it off to beta testing. Then I can start revisions on the system for elections, and, well. You know. How are you, though? How was your day?”
“Okay, and then kinda, rock on the balls of your feet,” Tony says, and does it himself, demonstrating. Steve nods a bit jerkily, reminding himself not to stare. Steve tiptoes, and copies Tony’s movement. “There you go,” Tony says softly, a touch of pride in his voice.
“I don’t.” He looked up at me and smiled, simple and easy, as if we weren’t naked and he wasn’t about to blow me. “I’ve just wanted to for so long,” he said, kissing the inside of my thigh. “I can’t believe this is real. Can you?”
I felt very brave, moving my hand from his waist to rest against his chest. I could feel his heart beating under my palm.
Tony finds Steve sitting on the balcony, nursing a cup of coffee. Steve doesn’t acknowledge him, keeps his eyes on the skyline.
“Yes?” he asked.
“What do you mean by ‘this’?” Steve asks, taking a bite of his toast.
Steve watches the man enter the warehouse, keeps him in sight through the scope of his rifle. The man stops by a window, inspecting something.
“Excited?” Tony asks again. He relaxes onto the bed further, an easy smile on his lips—inviting, with just a hint of lewdness.
“Few years now, right?”
“Don’t ‘
“I’ll make time,” Steve says. “But for now, I have to go—my curator’s been waving at me for the past minute and I don’t want to piss him off any more than I have.”
Then, all at once, Steve watches the anger leave Tony’s body. “We can’t do this.”
Steve had thought, months ago, when Tony had looked at Steve confusedly as Steve piled the large pillows onto the couch and said, “What are you doing? Those are for the floor.”
He moved forward just as I was leaning up, and we stopped midway.
“Okay, okay,” and before Tony can move, Steve wrenches away, crossing the distance from the couch to the door in the largest steps he can muster.
Steve wants to object to that—how could Tony know? But then again, it proves that it really is quite obvious then, so. “Fine,” he says, as he takes the papers that Tony brought along with him.
Tony puffs up his chest, making Steve laugh again. Then he turns to Steve, a crooked smile on his lips. “I checked Tinder.”
Tony lies back down on the bed, and Steve rearranges himself, props his knee on the bed, turns to Tony half-way, so that his body is still on full display for the camera.
Steve smiles against Tony’s neck, his mind a pleasant hum of contentment, and they watch as the sun dips under the horizon to the sound of the waves lapping against the shore.
“You sent Natasha to check on me,” Steve says. He knows he sounds surly, but doesn’t care.
Tony groans.
“Hey, Steve, buddy, come on,” The world is blurry. Everything is blurry. Steve’s eyelids are heavy, so he closes his eyes because he’s tired and everything is blurry.
Steve hasn’t felt this ill since the 40s, and hasn’t been drunk since then, either. He digs around the refrigerator for the drink Natasha had brought home for them from her trip to Tokyo. She’d told them enthusiastically that it was great for rehydration… Steve finally finds the plastic bottle filled with misty-white liquid. It sounds gross:
Steve pauses, swallows hard, alarm bells ringing around his disjointed thoughts. “I mean, I’d die for anyone,” he says, words rushing out of him.
Steve eventually picks up his sketchbook again, begins to outline out Bucky’s shape, and then the rest of the Commandos. Steve feels very far away when he remembers them, and now, feels as if he’s watching a projection of himself, not really feeling anything as he contemplates his comrades, his friends.
“There really isn’t—I don’t know, okay? I think I’m managing. I’ve been trying to write about it like you told me, but I can’t get anything out of my head.”
, has awoken the desperate need he thought he’d quenched. He wants to touch Tony, would settle with just touching his wrist, really, which is absurd; he’s touched more of Tony before, and has a video to prove it.
Tony cries out in protest, holding the cake up in the air as a protective measure.
It’s as if no time has passed between them. Steve touches him confidently, his hand gripping Tony’s waist hard enough to make Tony gasp. His lips against Tony are sure, and soft, and just as pliant as when Tony had kissed him, all those months ago. It feels infinitely better than Tony had imagined, in all those months in between, and he doesn’t bother hiding how pleased it makes him, moans into Steve’s mouth even if there was no direction to do so.
“I never got to finish it,” Steve says, keeping his eyes fixed on one word. He waits for Tony to prod him more, but Tony finally seems engrossed in his phone that Steve feels safe enough to read without disturbance.
Tony inhales deeply, as if readying himself. In his chest is a mess of exposed wires—copper bands and metal—and in the middle, a familiar blue glow. Tony fumbles for a moment, fingers pressing against the circumference of the reactor, then turns. He hisses when the reactor
Thor watches as Tony turns an amusing shade of pink.
Tony’s smile widens, and it should be frightening, how easily he understands what Steve means without Steve having to explain further. Instead, Steve feels relief at how he's understood. “What, being honest?” He asks.
It took a while for Steve to really accept that was Bucky (not is). But for Steve to remain willfully ignorant of the things Bucky had done while being brainwashed was idiotic, so he stopped wringing his hands about it and decided to focus his energy on finding Bucky, instead. He tells himself that he’ll read all of the SHIELD/HYDRA files JARVIS has tagged as Winter Soldier related once they finally find him—if it wasn’t all in the file Natasha had given him, already.
Steve reaches up, fingers skimming Tony’s neck, before slowly unbuttoning his shirt. Tony huffs in response, kissing Steve again, again, again, and when Steve moves to unbutton the next—
“Tony,” Steve sets the tablet aside to stand up. “Thank you,” he says. Tony waves him off and heads towards the kitchen.
“Well, I’m off,” Tony says, clearing his throat. “Thanks for the coffee, Cap.”
“I can’t believe you just made a Beyonce reference. In the middle of my panic attack.”
Tony looks up at Steve with a start. “I wanted noodles.”
The line goes quiet and Steve looks over the window.
Steve doesn’t want to look at him, so he doesn’t. Truthfully, he’s afraid of seeing the look on Tony’s face, the hurt that’s probably there. It’s too naked an emotion, after their fight. Their first one as actual friends, Steve thinks.
Tony leans over and presses his face against the crook of Steve’s shoulder. He hums in response, the sound vibrating against Steve’s throat.
Natasha chews, swallows, and dabs her lips with a tissue. “Who?”
In spite of this standing agreement with JARVIS, Steve has bumped into Tony thrice already, and—again, now, for the fourth time, spilling orange juice down his shirt.
Steve’s jaw tightens, and this,
“I hear you,” Sam says, a laugh in his voice. “But you are, though. You’re looking. You’re reading up about everything that we know about him, what HYDRA knows. I think that’s something,” Sam says, his voice shifting to a more soothing tone. Steve clicks his tongue in response, doesn’t correct Sam, and keeps reading.
Tony grumbles. Steve continues to smile as he peppers Tony’s neck and back with kisses. He feels giddy and excited, and he pulls Tony closer against him.
“I’ve always wanted to work with him again, and I’m glad we’ll have this time together.”
Tony turns to face Steve sharply, thrown by the question and by his tone. They stare at each other for a moment.
“Indeed,” Thor says, chewing a little before adding. “You are a marvel.”
The next session is about romance, which strikes Steve as a cosmic joke, at this point.
“Yeah,” Steve says, sitting down on the couch and picking up the book he’d put down before his cigarette break. “Like reading.”
“So why’s it embarrassing?”
“I know you can.” Steve breathes in, steadies himself, and then runs a hand through Tony’s hair. “But not all at once.”
Steve lets out a deep sigh.
“Who’s coming?” Steve asks, pulling out the first shirt he sees and throwing it on.
Tony kisses back for half a second, then backs away.
Steve arches an eyebrow.
Tony makes a small sound of protest, and Steve hums in question.
Thor shows up from Asgard with little fanfare, and it’s as the team is filtering into the kitchen mid-afternoon that he pulls carefully placed six flasks on the counter. They’re wrought steel, with ornate swirls and alien artwork.
As a man of science, it behooves Tony to conduct experiments and to test hypotheses.
“You absolutely, one hundred percent, belted out that chorus, and it was one of the most magnificent things I’ve ever witnessed,” Tony says, chin jutted up, as if daring Steve to question him. Steve laughs, and laughs, and laughs.
“I don’t,” Steve starts, stops, takes a breath. “I’m okay.”
He inches forward until his chest is flush against Tony’s back, and he worms an arm around Tony’s waist. Steve smiles to himself as he presses a small kiss on Tony’s nape.
“My apartment is a street away,” Tony breathes out, but tilts his head to give Steve access to his jaw, his neck.
“So you only started loving me after that night...” Steve’s words are muffled against Tony’s chest.
“Oh.” Steve leans back against the door and cups Tony’s cheek. “Tomorrow afternoon.”
Bruce digs through the box, then dumps its contents onto Tony’s workbench and Steve curls his finger around it, grips it so tightly he can feel the casing begin to give.
Natasha nods. “I agree. Especially after what he did.”
Steve tries not to stare at Tony as he emerges from the bathroom, freshly bathed and wearing pajamas that sling low on his hips.
I swallowed down a hysterical laugh and flexed my hands in his grip. “Well, Steve,” I said, smiling a little and trying to sound more confident than I felt, “I think we’ve already crossed it.”
“What?” Steve wants to laugh at how nervous he feels, but he can’t, his heart hammering too hard against his chest.
There’s a glint in Tony’s eye when he says, “Oh really? You want me to be gross? Want me to talk about how I dreamt about you, or thought about you all the time?”
Tony barks out a laugh. “Well, first of all, relax,” he says, looking up at Steve and winking.
It’s almost been half a year.
Maria Hill organizes the interview. It’s almost three months since they’ve started this charade, and the last push for credibility is an interview—a tell-all, of sorts.
The interview goes well; they’d reviewed their notes prior, and Maria had sent them a packet with all the key phrases they needed to say to ensure maximum believability. All in all, it’s a cakewalk. Tony would be loath to admit it, Steve knows, but Fury was right to have them start on this early, to really build it up.
,” Tony says, all in one breath. “It’s dumb, you can laugh,” he adds wetly.
Thor beams. “I am glad you enjoy it, friend Anthony!” he says, unscrewing his own flask and taking a long pull. Natasha eyes hers dubiously, and Clint smirks as he takes a sip from his own.
“Tony,” Steve answers.
Steve looks up at the ceiling of the gym, and something inside him shatters, the disappointment all of the sudden too heavy on his sternum.
Tony sighs again, and downs his drink. “He asked me to marry him, it was awful, and I hate him.”
Steve is entranced, and is vaguely aware of the arrival of the rest of the team. Clint stops beside Tony and watches for a few moments before saying, “Ugh, boring.” Natasha perches on the armrest beside Steve, and then eventually slides down onto the couch, forcing Steve and Tony to adjust. Steve is momentarily distracted by how close he and Tony are seated, pressed against each other hip to knee.
They’re so close that Steve feels Tony shiver.
Steve sticks out his tongue.
“I guess after almost a year of looking, of me just—you know. I know now that it won’t fix everything. I’m not even sure it will fix
If Natasha makes anything of it, it doesn’t show. She rubs the back of Steve’s knuckles. “We all want to find him, Steve. It wouldn’t hurt to trust us a little,” she murmurs.
“I’m sorry.”
“Because it’ll look better when we go down for breakfast and I’m wearing something of yours,” Tony says, and Steve wants to argue because he’s only packed enough clothes for the trip, but he knows too that Tony’s right.
I don’t know how it happened, I mean, I do—we were on his couch watching a stand up comedian or something then we just sat closer together until I was leaning against his chest.
Tony’s in the middle of a call by the time the food’s ready. Steve waves his hand at Tony, who is standing by the window, pacing.
Tony sighs. “This is why.” His voice is small, eyes downcast.
“You’re a child,” Steve says, fighting back a smile valiantly.
“Building stuff, I guess?” Tony says, then laughs, a real one, this time. “Jesus, this shouldn’t be so hard, Cap. Stop looking at me like I’m a target.”
He let go of my wrist and held my chin in his fingers.
“You said, ‘I’m sorry!’” Steve supplies, annoyed now that this apology didn’t go as planned.
JARVIS orders them pizzas, and they stay glued to their seats as
He hands Steve a piece of paper, and when Steve glances down at it, he sees a printed ticket and an itinerary.
, this is what kissing is.
Tony tries harder, now: smiles more, eats with gusto. He knocks Steve’s thigh with his knee, looks up at him from under his lashes. This is what life is like for Tony Stark: it’s acting. He knows the approximations to get his point across. As their evening goes on, the small wrinkle on Steve’s forehead smooths out, and maybe Tony wishes he wasn’t so good at pretending.
Chapter nine:
They kiss languidly for a while, hands sliding up each other’s sides, each other’s arms, exploring. Steve takes his cues from Tony—despite the heady rush of want, he’s somehow still afraid that if he moves too quickly, Tony’ll run away again.
“Want to say more than one syllable, maybe?”
For a few moments, we did nothing else but breathe. I wanted him so badly it felt like an ache inside me, but what I wanted more was the victory that he’d break first.
“As I was saying,” Fury says, “Both of you will run this operation. It’s a long game, and you’ve got to keep the public convinced that it’s all genuine. We need you in that cabin in three months.”
“Did you seriously think I didn’t—?” Tony asks, drawing back. Steve reaches out for him instinctively, pulls him close into a hug.
Steve moves toward Tony, then leans his hips against the bench opposite him. “Yeah. Changing history, right? Why?” Steve feels off-balance, surprised by the change in the conversation, and unsure if he’s happier for it.
“You really won’t let that go, will you?”
Steve curls his lips up at the touch and opens his palm on the table.
Again: Cold, wet, Tony, now with a significantly deeper scowl to his face.
“Yes, this has been established.” Tony’s face is scrunched into a confused smile. Steve mirrors this, knows that neither of them are really sure why the conversation has taken this turn.
Tony opens his mouth, closes it. A look of pain flashes over his face so quickly Steve barely catches it, but it’s enough to quell the anger flaring in his chest. Steve was trying to sound convincing, but now, he realizes, he didn’t know who he was trying to convince.
Tony huffs out a laugh then reaches over Steve and flicks off the lamp. “Good night, Steve.”
“Chin up, buttercup,” Tony says, sliding his hand under Steve’s chin and tipping his head up so Tony can smile at him. “We can practice, if you want.”
It’s an odd angle, and eventually Steve shifts to lift Tony up onto his lap. “Ass,” Tony says. “You know what I meant.”
Tony looks down at the book, taking it gingerly in his hands before looking back up at Steve. “You remembered,” he says, sounding shocked. “I mean, thanks. Wow. You remembered?”
Tony tightens their embrace. “Sorry,” he mumbles into Steve’s chest.
I’m not exaggerating when I say this was the most intimate I’d been with someone, despite us being fully clothed.
Tony lights the way to the trashcan in the kitchen, and hands Steve his phone once he’s put the broom back.
“Is there a line we can’t cross?”
“Christ, Steve, it’s a kiss, not the firing squad.”
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Steve says, taking a turn about the room.
“I’m happy.”
Tony, the son of a bitch, bursts out laughing. “No takebacksies,” he says, after composing himself.
Steve spoons rice into two bowls, and piles on some beef and broccoli. Tony, meanwhile, transports the boxes of dim sum and chicken to the living room, and adjusts the coffee table so everything is within reach. They both settle in and eat quietly as the movie starts.
Steve puts his head in his hands. “Is everything a joke to you?” he asks, voice muffled.
Steve rests his hands on the bed, on either side of Tony’s knees. At this point, he’s at his wits’ end, too tired to try and puzzle out what Tony’s thinking.
“No.”
“It’s the least I can do,” Steve says, already pouring some beans into the grinder. “Seriously, Tony. You’re already doing so much, it’s honestly kinda amazing how much you juggle every day.” He turns to Tony, looking a bit embarrassed before he finishes by saying, “Well, I guess my point is, you weren’t exaggerating when you said you were a genius, huh?”
that going?”
“Howard? Really?” Steve says. “I thought he’d like something louder and flashier.”
Steve shrugs, feeling very coy as he smirks at Tony and says, “Only if it’s on yours.”
“Steve’s antique helmet, actually,” Fury says dryly. “But yes.”
After three months of this, it’s almost over, and Steve can’t bear the thought of letting it pass. He thinks of how foolish he was, all this time, pretending that he didn’t feel anything, just because it was safer that way.
“Okay, okay,” Tony says, sounding annoyed. But Steve’s looking directly at Tony, and that’s the only reason he sees the small upwards curl of Tony’s lips, so Steve smiles back at him before he begins chopping.
But he didn’t, and now he’s in the tower living room, being asked to dance. The voice over the speakers continues its invocations:
“What about you?”
Tony's spent the past few days in bed, reluctantly catching up on sleep. His complexion is better, no longer as pallid as he was when they found him. Still, there's a wound above his eyebrow that's still healing, and his knuckles are still bruised.
“Casa de las Conchas?” Steve says it like a question. “Lo siento,” he adds. “No hablo Espanol.”
“How long are you in town for?” Pepper asks, smiling at Steve despite Tony very obviously stepping on her shoe.
He bites back a smile when he sees both of them blush at the same time, then look away from each other. If he were a more scheming man, he’d discuss this with the rest of the team. But he isn’t, and he goes back to reading.
Steve obliges, pushing against the wall, meaning to walk to the bedroom and resume there, but Tony isn’t having it. He kisses Steve, his hands firmly on Steve’s waist, holding him against him.
He remembers how Tony’s skin felt against his, how the bottle of sunscreen had gotten trapped between their chests, how Tony had laughed against his mouth, how he thought, as Tony smiled at him, that he was more beautiful than anything in the world.
“All those times you said you’d be here—Tony, let me be here, too. With you.” Steve tips his forehead forward and rests it against Tony’s. Tony breathes out and closes his eyes.
Steve lets out a breath. “What?”
Tony huffs, mock-shocked. “No ‘happy anniversary, Tony’? No declarations of love?” He shifts as if to leave the bed, but Steve is awake enough to grab his hip and haul him close.
Not that anyone’s asked, but I do have a supercut of moments that play in my head. Scene one: seated beside each other, our knees touching, then our thighs pressing against each other all throughout trips to wherever we need to jet off to to save the world. Scene two: hugs of relief that lasted a fraction of a second too long, punctuated by a squeeze, or the one time Steve had been bold and cupped the back of my head and held me even closer. Scene three: Steve inviting me to his apartment, the one safe space in his world, and with a gesture so simple showed me that his trust was complete.
The words punch the air out of Steve. “What?” He recovers then adds, “I mean, me too, but.” He looks away, then looks back at Tony, feeling out of his depth.
“I can’t,” Tony says, not meeting his gaze. “Sorry.”
I’d been this close to him before, hip to chest flush against each other, but never lying down. It felt like we were both just pretending to be asleep; I couldn’t look up at him because my head was tucked under his chin. All I could do was watch his chest rise and dip.
“Yes, Nat, he is the fucking
“Don’t do this to yourself.” Tony looks serious. Steve can count how many times he’s seen that look on Tony’s face, and it makes him uneasy to see it turned on him.
“So you
But it’s not like the touches really mean anything, Steve rationalizes. He was dimly aware of the mania that descends on his consciousness over how touch-starved (Natasha’s words) Tony is, and only realizes the mania for what it is when he catches himself watching Tony’s hands bury into Thor’s wild hair. Steve resolves to spend some time alone, if only to recalibrate.
Tony jumped up so quickly he ruined the artful arrangement of food in front of them.
“I know. Thanks,” Steve says, and turns to the door.
His heart seizes up in his chest. It’s from Tony.
Tony’s eyes track Steve’s movement, then are drawn to the pile of papers. “If you’re busy I can just—” he says, hand still on Steve’s doorknob.
Tony takes a long gulp of his coffee. “Okay,” he says, takes another gulp, “okay.”
Again: an infinite multiverse of answers to answer a question that simple. With this, Tony does struggle for a moment, and the next words are much harder to say—they almost feel caught in his throat, like a lump of meat. “I don’t know.”
Tony leans closer, and Steve mirrors the movement until they’re only inches apart. He moves his other hand and cups Tony’s cheek.
Steve rolls his eyes, but doesn’t deny it.
Tony hums in response.
“Crazy in Love?” Steve asks, pulling Tony close and wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist.
Clint shifts on the floor beside Tony, using Bruce’s knee as rest for his elbow and getting comfortable on one of the floor pillows.
Steve huffs out a laugh. “Yeah,” he says, pulling Tony close to press their foreheads together. “Yeah,” he says again, and kisses him.
“Sounds like a shaky hypothesis,” Tony says, but his voice quivers a little as he says it. He can’t explain how he feels, other than warm in Steve’s embrace.
Steve drinks in the sight of him—Tony's eyes closed and face turned towards the sun, a small smile on his lips. It's still so new to Steve, being allowed to do this, to appreciate Tony without having to pretend that he doesn't mean it. It's so new, how when Tony reaches over blindly to tangle his fingers with Steve's, there's a strange flutter that winds its way through Steve's chest.
, to know someone has that power over you.
Tony sighs, annoyed. “Fine.” He takes Steve’s cellphone and turns the light to where bits of ceramic dotted the floor.
Steve reaches out and pulls Tony back down to sit. He isn’t thinking at all when he whispers, “Me too.”
“It’s on your phone now, boss.” In front of him, a hologram materializes as well, displaying hundreds of photos, grainy and filtered, and copies of reports on sightings. Tony stands up, takes a step back and frowns some more. He opens his mouth a few times, borne of his need to verbalize even without anyone listening; he’s angry. He’s more shocked than angry, but the anger is there, low and simmering.
Steve can’t help but think of Peggy, of the dance they’d agreed on, and the way she’d smiled at him when he’d visit her. Even then, she’d told him that he deserved to find the right dance partner.
“Don’t,” Tony says.
“This is literally the happiest I’ve ever felt in my life,” he said.
Nick snorts.
Tony throws him a lazy salute and begins walking back to the hallway to the elevator. Steve bites his lip, then follows suit.
“Atta girl.”
Steve flips the page, and Tony grumbles beside him, pulling out his phone and playing a game. “What are you even reading,” Tony asks, not expecting an answer.
“Go to sleep,” Steve says firmly.
“Tony’s trying his best.”
Then Rhodey and Pepper arrive and Rhodey offers to buy a round and Natasha stares at Tony as he and Pepper talk about what to get for dinner.
Beside him, Tony begins scrolling through his phone as he stuffs his mouth with rice. Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor are dancing onscreen when Tony looks up and says, “pause,” and the movie stops. Before Steve can even make a noise of protest, Tony says: “How about we watch
Or so he thinks.
Steve’s eyebrows meet, looking concerned. “What about him?”
Steve sits in silence for what he thinks is hours. He doesn’t know what time it is. They’d arrived while the sun was up, but everyone had shuffled off silently to catch up on sleep—thankful for the benefit of not having anyone to report to after a mission.
Steve is sitting on his bed, watching his hand shake. He feels as if he’s watching himself through glass, the thoughts rattling around his head coming off as white noise.
“I love you,” he said.
So instead he says, “I think I would’ve enjoyed it.”
The music, playing from his phone speakers, is tinny and small compared to the speakers installed in the rest of the tower. It’s only by a little, but it’s enough for Steve to notice the difference in quality. Steve thinks of maybe telling Tony this, but realizes that the tower will constantly be blasted by music as Tony figures out the solution (so, maybe not tell Tony).
“I don’t really know what to talk about, if that’s what you want to hear,” Steve grumbles.
any instructions on how you’d like to be read to,” Steve teases, but lifts the book up and kisses Tony’s forehead before he actually gets grumpy. Thankfully it works, and Tony closes his eyes again.
Steve looks up at him, and only then notices that his own eyebrows had knitted together in thought.
Bruce is seated a few feet away from him, looking wry. “That should teach me about keeping my door unlocked,” he says dryly. Steve laughs, watery and soft.
“I’m sorry!” Steve nearly shouts.
“Do you want anything to happen?” Tony asks, because even in his subconscious, he knows Tony won’t make it an easy conversation.
“Thanks, JARVIS,” Steve says as he enters the workshop.
“Steve,” a hiss close to his ear, now, warm and tingly. “Steven fucking Rogers, get the fuck up.”
Tony’s head snaps to face Steve at the movement, and an emotion crosses his face too quickly for Steve to identify.
“We can watch a movie, or something,” he said.
“I know,” Steve says, because he does know. “It’s just. It’s difficult.”
Steve takes a deep breath before he punches in his code for the workshop. As he enters, the volume of Tony’s music goes down considerably.
Tony makes an offended sound beside him. “I don’t—It’s! It really is humid!”
“I wish I could be more like you, sometimes,” he says. Steve stops, startled by his own sudden honesty.
He may not have had an answer in mind, but a laugh certainly wasn’t what he’d expected. Tony’s shaking with laughter, his eyebrows up in surprise. “Of course I want you!” Tony exclaims, hands gripping Steve’s shoulders.
He turns around and pushes things around his workbench, then turns to Steve with a flourish. “A few weeks ago you talked about how you never got to see Europe during peacetime, and well…” Tony pauses and licks his lips. “I figured you’d never gone on vacation, either. After everything. So.”
Steve takes a moment to collect himself. “You’re so
This shocks a laugh out of him. “Okay, fine.” Tony takes another moment to gather his thoughts, scattered as they are. “I just kept saying he was awful because it was easier that way. I never wanted you to know why because well, it’s dumb and I know you liked us together.”
Tony makes a broken sound, then turns up to smile weakly at Steve. “You’re my favorite, you know?”
So Tony does.
Tony smiles. “I don’t know, what’s the conclusion?”
Another night, another safehouse, except Steve’s fears are confirmed and Stane’s sent someone else. After his first failure, he knew better than to hope that Stane would leave him to it.
Steve unpacks his bag efficiently and settles into what JARVIS had told him was his floor by rearranging some of the furniture (one couch, two settees, a desk and chair), then eventually putting them back.
“So, Steve,” Tony says, settling back down onto Steve’s lap and playing idly with the hem of Steve’s shirt. “Read to me.”
Tony groans, shifts so his back is pressed flush against Steve’s chest.
In his comm, Natasha confirms that it’s all clear.
“Did you?” Steve asks wonderingly.
“It was fine,” Steve says. “Look, Tony, I wanted to talk about DC,” he adds quickly.
“Hope so,” Steve says blandly, and walks up to the front door. He’s not doing it on purpose, this distancing. But beyond that, Steve can’t say—or maybe won’t. He doesn’t want to look at the emotions roiling inside him; hasn’t wanted to since they had their interview. He’s pretty sure Tony hasn’t noticed, but if he has, he hasn’t said anything about it. Which makes sense, there’s no reason for them to be closer; this weekend is the last stretch, and they’ll be focusing more on identifying potential threats, anyway.
“It used to happen before,” Steve says, and there’s enough truth in that statement to do the trick. No one needs to know how often, or why, or who taught him how to deal with these attacks.
“I’ve loved you since—since Ella Fitzgerald on the balcony. You remember? After you vomited on my shoes,” Tony says, offering Steve the smallest of smiles.
Steve furrows his brow, expecting more of an answer, and chiding himself for not noticing the entirety of the man seated beside him. Gone is the bright light that emanated from his chest, and Steve wants to know why, and how, and when? But he doesn’t know if he can ask those questions, or if he did, if Tony would answer them. It’s a strange thing that Tony is here at all, really.
Steve turned back to me sharply. There was a look in his eyes that I couldn’t decipher. But above it all I still couldn’t believe I’d almost kissed him, out here, the only witness to what had happened being the bright lights from the condominiums in the building across us.
“Really? Even
Stane is dead; the contract is worthless. In the time between hearing the news and the drive to the last known location of Stark, Steve had made peace with the fact that Stark could still take his revenge after all the months of chasing and mis-aimed shots, shooting as if only to strike fear. For the first time in his life, he’s glad to be proven wrong.
“Yeah, like eat your noodles and go to bed.”
Steve smiled, touched Tony’s wrist. “Sounds perfect.”
. It’s too much—vaguely, Steve feels like he wants to cry. It’s not something he’s felt often.
Steve rolls his hips up against Tony’s, just to shut him up.
Tony looks up at him. “A fight means you don’t think you should be sorry.”
“Yup,” he says. He doesn’t turn to face Tony. He’s not even doing anything, just holding his bag over the dresser drawers, and Tony is silent.
So like always, I silently savored how nice it felt, the solid warmth of Steve lined up against my side. I could smell his cologne, and I knew that if I looked up I’d see the faint shadow of stubble on his jaw.
“Preaching to the choir here,” Tony laughs a little, then nudges Steve a bit with his arm. “You don’t have to. Whatever. We can be quiet.”
“Please put on shoes,” Steve says idly. He turns on his tablet and pulls up the dossier on Zola, reading through the projects he worked on as a SHIELD scientist (again).
Tony’s hand has moved from his wrist, and he tightens his grip on Steve’s palm. “What’s wrong?” He asks.
Tony’s eyes flick down to Steve’s lips, then back up.
Then, of course, in keeping with the cosmic joke God insists on playing, that’s when they hear screams.
So instead, Steve says, “Oh, sure. Don’t fall into bodies of water, Steve, but I’ll go right ahead and remove my life-preserving tech.”
“What—wait. What is happening,” Steve says, realization dawning on him. Fear drops like a stone in his belly. “I—Tony, wait.”
“Well, if the President needs us—” Steve starts.
This one hits like a ton of bricks—literally, because Tony does know what that feels like, and the suit is shock proof, sure, but that shit still fucking hurts, and even in moments of epiphany, somehow he still manages to go off on a tangent. The point remains: Steve’s hand is on his hip, and they’re in bed, and epiphanies usually equate clarity, peace.
“Aw Cap, you sure know how to make a fella feel real special,” Tony says, rolling his eyes, but there’s a hint of fondness.
They fall clumsily onto the bed, and Tony pulls away, both hands firmly on Steve’s chest. He looks down at Steve and Steve is momentarily breathless at the sight: Tony’s pupils are blown, his hair dishevelled, his lips pink. Steve reaches up and touches Tony’s face.
It’s been two weeks. In the haze of the firefight, Steve had lost sight of Tony, who had flown off with the president’s wife. Steve was busy protecting the President and everyone else in the room, and then the team had arrived.
“Okay.”
“Steve can you please sit down and chill out,” Tony says, looking up at him. “Your nervous energy is harshing my mellow.”
“Everyone ready?” Janet asks, standing beside him and Tony. “I’m going to ring this bell when three minutes are up. I’d like to ask you to keep conversation to a minimum during this time.”
Steve showers, and while towelling off thinks that it would be nice to try and draw again, or at least stay somewhere in the tower with a different view of the city. Steve double checks with JARVIS about the emptiness of the library (“You’re sure.” “Perfectly.”) and heads down. It’s only seven in the morning, none of the other Avengers would be up at this time, anyway.
Today he feels a little kinder than usual, so he adjusts Tony’s head on the pillow, and leaves a glass of water beside him.
Tony stares at him, confusion plain on his face. Steve realizes this for the victory that it is, to see Tony. Just Tony.
“Not bad!” Clint says, back on the sofa, his legs sprawled on top of Natasha’s. “I knew you had it in you.”
“Tony, you—you have to know how I feel about you,” Steve says, and he didn’t plan on ever saying these words out loud, but he feels like he has to, now. “I—I really like you. And not just. Not just like I’d die for you,” Steve’s mouth continues to push out words, nonsense words, spurred by the fear of what Tony will say.
Steve pulls out a pan, digs around the refrigerator for eggs, and then pours a cup of coffee. He mixes in two teaspoons of brown sugar and wordlessly places it in front of Tony, just as he downs the last dregs of his first cup.
“I shouldn’t have snapped,” Tony says, softly. Steve hums in response, a bit surprised at the sincerity in Tony’s voice. “I’m sorry,” Tony says, ducking his head.
It should be funny.
Funny, that. Tony hadn’t cared about the blood on the quinjet, when he’d turned Steve’s hands over to check for wounds because they were so caked in blood. But when they were clean? It plays in his mind’s eye over and over again, the way Tony had jerked away from him, from his hands.
Steve feels something warm pool in his stomach at Tony’s choice of words:
Tony’s staring at his hand, nestled in Steve’s palm. “You’re not mad?”
Steve clenches his jaw. He can’t pinpoint why he’s so anxious, which makes him feel more anxious, a constant feedback loop of worry that stutters to a stop when Tony touches his hand gently.
I didn’t want to fight back.
“20 bucks says Tony breaks first,” Clint laughs, hands tucked behind his head as he leans back in his chair.
“What do you mean?” Tony prods, and he moves a bit closer to Steve now.
“Easy,” Tony says, patting Steve’s hand. “Wanna talk about—oh, I don’t know, what do you like doing when we’re not on missions?”
, Tony kisses back.
That’s fine. Too much else to worry about, anyway.
“We gonna talk about—”
“We really did go through. A whole thing,” Tony says, and quiets again as he thinks. “A surprise bonus was that I got to discover exactly how great an artist you are.”
Tony’s eyes fly open, the anger now boiling over. “Oh is that it?” He asks sarcastically. “So you decided to use JARVIS—without
Fourth, test through experiments: ensure factors are varied one at a time.
“Tell me what you’re thinking.” Steve tightens his grip on Tony’s hand, and frowns.
Natasha doesn’t take the bait. Instead, she sits beside Steve, puts a hand on his shoulder. She means for it to be comforting, Steve knows this, but it irritates him all the same.
But they haven’t. They should be better at this. Steve paces around Tony’s workshop, Dum-E following him as he goes.
“What is it?” Steve asks. “What aren’t you telling me?”
They’re silent for a while.
“Oh,” Tony says, as if realizing something.
“It usually takes sir a while to wrap up, though,” JARVIS adds.
not the time for that. “Okay, there. Just.”
Tony had asked him at lunch, over the din of the crowd, how he’d like to celebrate their anniversary.
Beside him, Tony snorts.
“We don’t know that there aren’t any,” Tony says, flicking through the reports on Steve’s tablet.
Steve dives under his windowpane, looking over the window to see where the shot came from.
“Of course not,” Tony says, smirking. “Come on, there’s an apple pie in this cafe I found that has your name on it.”
, then ruffling Steve’s hair when he makes a joke.
It’s easy, then, to just fall back asleep.
“Do you want a cup of coffee?”
As if hearing this realization, Tony sighs and stands up. “Well. This has been unpleasant,” he says, his voice light, as if he were joking.
So it was real, he thinks with a sudden chill.
“I don’t want you to replace Bucky,” he says, gently.
Steve tsks, even if he’s already pretty cross-faded from the drinks and the joint. Tony smirks in response.
Steve bites his bottom lip, a poor attempt at stopping himself from laughing. Tony flicks his forehead. “Say it again,” Tony says, and his smile still feels a little wobbly, but it’s a step.
“Ugh, please. I’m not Natasha.”
The kitchen goes quiet, save for the coffee percolating.
He and Tony are only a few inches apart, and Steve feels stiff and uncoordinated compared to Tony’s easy, graceful movements.
HYDRA base after HYDRA base, and nothing about Bucky. Steve has a map in his bedside drawer, defeated cells marked in red. There’s no pattern, no path. All this technology, facial recognition, tracking, police report monitoring, and somehow: still nothing.
Steve’s brow creases with worry. “What’s wrong?”
Clint’s halfway through his cereal when Tony walks in, suit jacket in hand. His sleeves are rolled up and his tie loose around his neck. He takes one look at Clint and sighs dramatically.
“Then why did you—?”
“How’s the bet going?” Steve asks, smirking.
“You being alive is plenty to talk about,” Steve says, bending down to carry Tony properly.
“There. I’ve set up a tracker and I’m having JARVIS filter through everything Natasha sent out to the world,” Tony says. “That should be a start.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
Steve wakes up because the sun is bright against his face and he feels like he’s overheating. Beside him, Tony’s face is pressed against his arm, the rest of him rolled inside the beach towel. Steve throws an arm over his eyes in an attempt to shield himself.
The dated phrase makes Steve laugh, and he finally sits down beside Tony.
“No,” Tony says, shutting his eyes. “I clearly recall
aliens, and the moments that Steve wilfully let himself simmer were few and far between. He never wanted to stop because fights, wars, those were old hat by now. He knew how to roll with the punches, how to give as much as he got.
Tony’s helmet is on the ground, right beside Steve’s. She picks them up as she walks toward them, watching the way Tony
Tony rests his head in his hands, and sighs again.
A small, slow, shy smile blooms on Tony’s lips. “Good thing I’d like you to keep kissing me,” he says softly.
Steve grins and nods. He opens his mouth to say something else, but they’re called back on set.
Besides, Steve reasons, Tony has a habit of grabbing Bruce’s hand when they’re swept up in conversation, and Tony will laugh and reach over and bop Bruce’s nose when Bruce gets too serious or morose. Tony absently massages Natasha when they’re seated beside each other, either during a debrief or while lazing around and watching a movie; he’ll just reach over and pinch at the muscle between Natasha’s neck and shoulder, and Natasha always lets out a hiss of satisfaction. Tony shoves Clint or squeezes his arms when they get competitive over any sort of game. And Tony always make a point to ruffle Thor’s hair, whenever he enters a room with Thor in it.
It’s the third safe house he’s breaking into in a week, so when Steve kicks down the door, he nearly falters with surprise to find the place actually occupied.
“Hey,” Tony says softly. “We can put it off for a while longer if you want.”
looked at me, and asked if I wanted to stop.
Steve has to remember not to flex his hand, currently holding Tony’s. There’s nothing he can do to ground himself, to force himself to remember that this is an act.
Steve changes into sweats and heads out, making sure to check with JARVIS that the path to the exit is free of any opportunities for conversation.
Pepper chokes on her iced coffee when a tall, blond, beautiful man strides up to Tony and envelopes him in a hug.
“Action,” the director says, and Steve takes a deep breath.
“I love you, too.” Steve smiles into Tony’s shirt.
Steve takes it as his cue to leave.
, he loves magic and would love to see the way Tony’s eyebrows would knit trying to figure that one out.
Steve smiles, big and bright. “You did.”
Steve slowly pulls up, helping Tony along, and they walk hand in hand into the Met.
Steve looks up. “Hey,” he says, setting his book down. “You done working?”
“You too! And it was great bumping into you, Tony.”
“Before everything, all that mattered to me was what I thought of myself. At least that way, it was all up to me, whether or not I’d be happy or disappointed. But now, now there’s just the fact of everything. People have this idealized version of me in their heads and I can’t—
“I will!”
Steve sputters. “No you’re not.”
“I don’t mean to,” Steve answers honestly. He tries to keep his breath in check; half of him wants to run away, and the other half wants to press up against all of Tony.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, rushing toward him.
“How long have we known each other?” he asks.
Steve squawks in protest and tackles Tony onto the bed, pinning Tony down with his hips as he kisses Tony all over while tickling him.
“There’s a theory that locking eyes for this long makes you fall in love—this time, we hope you’ll fall in love again with one another,” Janet says, walking around the room as everyone shifts in their seats. It’s comforting, seeing that all the other couples aren’t too keen on this activity.
Their first session is after lunch. They’re given a packet, and the page reads:
“Steve,” Tony draws out the “e,” and leans against Steve’s side.
I laughed. “No, I can’t either.”
,” Tony’s just about wheezing now, and Steve can’t tell if it’s from relief that Steve acknowledged what happened or if he’s returning to his earlier hysteria. Steve hopes it the former, and finds himself beginning to smile as he watches Tony, doubled over, laughing. “Steve, Steve, Steve,” Tony says, thumping Steve’s back, shaking his head as if in disbelief.
“Might be the wrong kind,” Tony jokes, but Steve can tell he means it, sort of.
Tony pushes him against the doors just as the slide shut, kissing him soundly, his hands tugging up Steve’s shirt. The doors to the elevator open just as Tony undoes Steve’s belt.
Without even thinking about it, Steve knows it’s Tony. He knows all of them now, the way they walk, the sound of their steps on the concrete, the way they smell. It’s a mix of war and the serum: heightened senses and paranoia.
They’re silent for a while, Natasha’s hands making large circles on Steve’s back.
Tony whips around. “
“Good,” Tony says. “We just wrapped. Are you shooting today?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce huffs out a laugh. “100, two weeks, Tony first”
“I know it’s dumb.” Tony sighs and brings the dishes over. “At this point it’s just embarrassing.”
“Cry me a river, Hunger Games,” Tony grins, pushing himself up from the sofa to kiss Steve.
“Fuck your ‘fine,’” Tony snaps. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“Now let’s go back to where we left off,” he says, “before we were so rudely interrupted by our feelings.”
The song ends, and then a new frenetic beat begins and picks up. Clint plucks the book out of Natasha’s hands, pulls her up to her feet, and begins to dance with her, laughing as they go. Tony is absentmindedly dancing along, and Bruce puts down his book to watch, smiling at them.
“What?”
He doesn’t know why he’s crying. He hates it. It being: crying, and not knowing why he’s crying. Well. He knows. But he doesn’t want to dwell on it.
“Steve, I’m—”
Tony nods again. “Well, you came to that much faster than I did,” he smirks, nudging Steve as he motions at the egg, the whites browning and crisp at the edges now. Steve moves to the dining table, and Tony brings along the toast, sitting across Steve.
“I’m just really tired,” Tony says, laughing despite the tears running down his cheeks. “But I’m okay.”
If Tony didn’t figure this out, then there would definitely be a problem.
“Don’t,” Tony says, so Steve doesn’t, mostly surprised by the gesture and the tingle of electricity that races up his arm.
“You’re kidding.”
The room seems to take a collective breath.
“A little crazy in love?” Steve asks, grinning.
Thor slumps down on one of the seats in the quinjet and lets out a sigh of relief. The battle earlier was exhilarating, but he hadn’t gotten any rest the night before.
saying they didn’t want to hear me whine about the humidity. Besides, I haven’t been read to in ages.”
“No, we shouldn’t have.”
Above him, JARVIS coughs politely.
Tony nods, not really listening. His head is swimming with what he thinks could be actual reasons why Steve had kept this from him. A tangled mess of fear and insecurity, then shock at his ability to be aware of it. Is this maturity? He doesn’t like it much. Better if it stayed Steve’s fault—and it is Steve’s fault, it is. But maybe Tony doesn’t need to work himself up like this. But then again, Tony’s already worked up. “Stop,” Tony grinds out.
“Good,” Tony says, smile lighting up his whole face. “I do too.”
He figures that he doesn’t have much to lose, at least compared to what could happen—which, honestly, is just to see the man one last time.
And now he’s playing the part, as he should be. Not that Steve thinks Tony has lied—just that, possibly, this isn’t the whole truth. It’s not like Steve can categorically say that it is.
“I meant about after all this,” Steve says, unable to keep how annoyed he feels from his tone. He can’t handle Tony being glib at a time like this, when he’s about to pour his heart out.
Tony’s fingers tighten around his. “You never have.”
“You really want to talk to me about things we did or didn’t have to do?”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says, sitting down beside him. He meets Tony’s gaze in the mirror and offers up a small, nervous smile. “How have you been?”
“You and I are going to have a talk later,” Steve says, before running to the elevator.
Maybe it was because Steve was the one who reached out first—wrapped an arm around my shoulders and held me against him.
“I should have told you sooner, I was such a coward—I just didn’t know, there’s just—”
Tony slowly unbuttons his shirt, and Steve realizes he’s holding his breath. He gasps when Tony undoes the fourth, then the fifth, pulling at the hem to show his chest—and what’s embedded in it.
A slow smile spread over Tony’s lips, and he pulled out his phone to type out of a text. “Great. Wonderful. There’s this place I think you’ll love.”
“Why not?”
Steve leans down and kisses him, tightening his grip around Tony’s waist as if to prove a point. “Of course,” he says as he pulls away. “Aren’t you?”
Tony is looking at Steve, head cocked to the side and waiting for Steve to continue his sentence.
Tony snorts. “Should be easy peasy, after everything we had to do to get here.”
It falls right after:
Tony’s hand flies to his chest as he gets vertical, and Steve remembers with a jolt that he’d nearly crushed the reactor in his hands three days ago. He looks down and sees a faint, circular outline through Tony’s shirt. “Tony—” he says, leaning Tony against his chest as he lifts up Tony’s shirt to check.
) why they’d broken up. When Pepper had tried digging, Rhodey didn’t have any answers for her. Back in college, he said, they were the picture of a perfect couple. Then… they weren’t. Tony didn’t talk about it. Ever. Something about this was
Maybe it’s that, the light, that makes Steve see the question in Tony’s eyes: he wants to ask if Steve is okay, after the sparring earlier, but he won’t. Steve probably wouldn’t answer if he asked, anyway.
Tony lets out a small noise of pleasure and Steve looks up as he takes a drink from the flask; Steve watches the way Tony’s throat moves intently for a second, then catches himself.
They drink some more, and somehow they end up on the balcony overlooking the tower, Steve cradling a bowl of reheated pasta to his chest. Beside him, Tony is lying on a lounge chair, eyes half lidded as he smiles over New York like it’s his kingdom (which, Steve notes, it maybe kinda is).
Steve laughs a little to himself, embarrassed by how giddy he feels—it’s been a while, since he’s felt this, like he has a
“My ex!”
“Not that you ever care,” Steve laughs, pulling a chair closer to him for Tony to sit on.
“No problem.” Steve waves Tony off. “Go on, you might be late.”
Steve snorts. “You know, there are things that we can do without any electricity.”
Steve expects a lot of things. It’s in his nature to be prepared. There’s nothing he can do in Washington, what with Natasha spilling everything on the internet and journalists requesting interviews at every turn. So he packs up his things, pre-terminates his apartment lease, and tells Sam that he plans on looking for Bucky.
then he lifts it gingerly up and out of his chest.
I took a deep breath and dug my hands into my pockets. They’re safer there, less likely to do something rash like reach out and touch Steve, which I knew I could do, anyway, I’d done it before without any repercussion but—something felt different that night. Maybe it was my own exhaustion, the fact of my base humanity making me feel weak. Maybe I was finally at my breaking point, after months of this dance.
“Ugh,” Clint says emphatically.
“Me too.”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve says, and there’s a little tremor to his voice now, but Steve hopes he’s gotten far enough from Tony for him not to have heard it.
Tony breathes.
“I really don’t want to talk about this anymore.”
Steve had slipped it off and given it to Tony, and after a token protest, Tony had put it on. He’ll never forget how brightly Steve smiled at him then—not that he ever wanted to.
“And steal my clothes,” Steve teases.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t know what to say, what to do, how he can come out of this as the right one.
Steve picks it up with shaking hands.
He sighs and flips the notebook shut.
“So, what now?”
Tony sighs when he opens the door. Steve looks over Tony’s shoulder and mirrors his sigh.
Steve sat up and looked just as panicked as Tony felt.
“I want to be able to feel your body against mine whenever I want,” Tony says, and his voice is so soft, Steve has to incline his head forward to hear properly. Tony takes his as an invitation to cup his jaw. “And I want you to feel free to do any of that to me, too,” he says, rubbing the pad of his thumb over Steve’s cheek. “I want all of you.”
Steve grins. “Yeah, I know.” As he continues cooking, he can hear the tell-tale signs of Tony resuming work—whichever aspect of work that may be. Steve knows he’s helping with Stark Industries already, developing designs for his dad. But he knows too that Tony’s helping out with more than a few school organizations; from what he remembers, he’d offered to help automate student council elections, set up the website of the Herald, and was helping some mechanical engineering freshmen with their projects as a favor to one of their professors. On top of that, he managed to volunteer time for the advocacy groups, too—donating money and setting up partnerships.
“Tony,” Steve says, butting his head gently against Tony’s chest.
Steve sighs, and tamps down hard on the nerves that had spooled together in his stomach the night before:
“Go on,” he urges.
“Hi,” Tony says, sounding tentative and shy, again.
Steve is sprawled out on the couch in the workshop. “You know about Operation Paperclip,” he says, and it’s not really a question. He’s reading through Natasha’s file again.
He only realizes he’s watching Tony intently when laughter and clapping snap him out of his thoughts.
“It was one time,” Tony grouses. “And it’s your fault you leave your shit lying around.”
He’s shaking, his breath is shallow, but somehow he still has the strength to slam the door shut when he leaves. Steve turns to the corridor—
“Tony, just—”
Steve can see the individual lashes around Tony’s eyes, only then does it register that he’s been moving closer and closer (and that means, Tony has been too, right? Steve thinks, dazedly). Their noses touch, and they both let out a surprised huff of laughter.
“I mean, once in a while is okay,” Steve said, nonchalant.
Tony shakes his head, and he’s disappointed, and Steve hates that, hates that he knows that, hates that he deserves to be disappointed in.
The plaza’s not as busy anymore, most bars and restaurants closing as well. Across the square there’s a group of rowdy men, drunkenly singing as they walk.
“Steve.”
Then again, it’s not like Steve is blind, he knows what a looker is when he sees one, and Tony’s top tier in that department. He’s suave, charismatic, enticing in a way that makes Steve pay attention. Steve huffs. “I’ve never dated anyone,” he admits, still looking away, eyes fixed on a new batch of flowers set on a side table in the living room.
“Wow,” Steve says.
Steve shrugs. “Well. Maybe you’re right. Maybe Zola was just trying to get a rise out of me.”
Chapter two:
Steve takes deep breaths, then sits up. The analog clock on his bedside tells him it’s four in the morning.
Steve sighs and massages his temples before walking to the fridge and pulling out a bottle of water. “Do you rest? Ever?” He asks, after taking a drink.
“Well there you go, then!” Tony snaps, indignant.
Steve doesn’t realize how upset he is until he notices his hands are bleeding.
“Yes, yes,” I said, scrambling to kick my pants off.
They’re silent for a moment, and Natasha’s just about to bite into the olive of her martini when Tony sighs very loudly and snaps.
It takes them longer than it should to get there, stopping every few steps to kiss. Steve feels drunk with desire, with the heady feeling of being this close to someone, with the disbelief that more than once he’d walked away from Tony yet somehow, is now walking with Tony.
It’s bright outside, despite the lack of power; it must be a full moon. It illuminates the apartment in a soft glow, and Steve reaches down to brush his fingers against Tony’s cheek. Half his face is lit by the candle, flickering beside Steve, and he looks so beautiful it hurts, a little. “I hate you,” he says, and Tony laughs, pulling Steve down into a kiss.
Steve’s head snaps quickly to face Natasha. “What?”
He feels a bit manic, and just wants to rest. He’s afraid of what he might do if he goes too long without sleep, if it’s possible for him to get unhinged. He doesn’t want to find out. He just wants to sleep and wake up tomorrow with renewed vigor to find his best friend.
Steve pinches his eyes closed and lets out a small moan of frustration.
Tony arches his eyebrow at Steve. “Something else on your mind, then?”
“Okay, so,” Tony says, flopping beside Steve on the couch unceremoniously. “Kissing time.”
Tony moves his hands away from Steve’s hips, and positions Steve’s arms away from his body, bending them at the elbow. Tony smiles, nods, and begins to dance.
Steve shoves him playfully and pulls out two candles from the cupboard; there have been rotating brownouts and they’ve prepared ahead. He lights the candles and passes one to Tony.
“Do you hear yourself?” Tony asks, incredulous. “How can you say what he would or wouldn’t do?”
Tony’s hand is tight around the flask as he turns back to the door, pushes it open, and they part at the hallway.
Steve tuts. “I just don’t want to hear you whine about the humidity after we’ve fucked.”
Pepper takes a sip of her coffee as Steve tries to engage Tony in conversation. Tony had used words like
Tony sighs heavily, turns off his torch, and pads over to Steve.
“Oh, quite,” Tony says, loftily. “I’m doing this instead of ravishing my dear boyfriend.”
. And then they’ll find him and it will be fine. It’s just a matter of time.
Then, around them, the alarm sounds. “Looks like we have to save the drinks for later,” Steve says, making sure Thor sees Steve pocket his flask; he wants Thor to know they appreciate it.
“Nah,” Tony says blithely. “That’s more your speed.”
“Fight me,” Steve says, his voice a bit ragged from running.
Steve breathes.
The plan worked. Of course it did.
He feels, in a word, bad.
Almost.
Tony’s lips quirk into a smile. “But you have to go.”
Steve shakes his head, embarrassed, but also finds himself leaning into Tony’s half-hug.
“All good?” Natasha asks, turning to check on all of them. Tony cracks his neck, then his knuckles. “Let’s rock and roll,” he says, and fires up the engine. “J, spell it out for us.”
“Right about what?”
Tony pushes against his chest, turns him over so he’s on top, and kisses him some more.
Tony hesitates at the door, and he turns to say something else, but Steve beats him to it.
The pencil in Steve’s hand breaks clean in half.
Janet lays some ground rules, and they spend three minutes holding each other’s hands and gazing in each other’s eyes.
It’s this feeling of distance that allows him to revisit an earlier thought, from when he’d first seen Bucky in this future world: is it even really Bucky, anymore? Or is it a man in a body Steve had known? But just as quickly, Steve disregards these notions, knows, deep in his bones, that of course it’s still Bucky. It has to be, and it is.
“Oh yes, how magnanimous of you,” Steve grumbles.
It feels like cheating to use Tony’s tech like this, but it’s not his fault JARVIS listens to him, does what he asks.
From up there, you could see the sunrise peeking through the buildings. We stood beside each other, almost a foot apart. I hated that I wanted to get closer, despite it all.
“Thanks,” Tony says. He’s been in a dour mood since he’d stumbled upon Steve’s jacket. What’s worse is that he
Steve slides Tony’s phone closer to himself, and Tony lunges forward, reaching out for it. “Hey—”
Tony turns Steve to face him. “Good,” he says, and tugs on Steve’s hand, leading them out of the plaza.
Steve presses closer against Tony’s palm. “Right,” he says.
On the ride home, I could still taste him on my tongue. As I stepped into the shower, I could smell his cologne on my skin.
Tony sits down across him and sighs. He buttons up his shirt and downs the rest of his water.
Tony blinked at him. “Yeah, and?”
“You don’t know what you’re getting into,” Tony says, hand on Steve’s chest, motioning for space.
“Until when are you here?”
, he reminds himself) ago. Who Steve had believed to be dead. But he was never dead, and Steve had abandoned him, and maybe Steve did deserve to be punched to unconsciousness. But he also deserved to talk to Bucky, at the very least. He
He hears the doors to the elevator slide open.
“Anyway,” Steve says, and begins relaxing and tightening his grip around his sketchbook as he grapples with this newfound knowledge, about how deeply he feels after all, and still—he came down to check in with Tony, to make sure they’re really okay, that Tony isn’t pretending.
“What—“ Steve starts, then looks down at the paper. “Is this a list,” he says hesitantly. It’s not really a question, but an opening for Tony to explain himself.
“You wanna hug it out?” Tony says, and there’s a smirk to his voice.
Natasha knows that she has this power over people that make them spill their secrets. She uses it wisely, most of the time.
The sky is still dark as they make their way over the city, zooming past the skyscrapers and soon over water. “It’s going to take a few hours,” Tony says to everyone, after JARVIS has finished briefing the team on the estimated number of combatants and other defense mechanisms in the cell.
Then, as if he’d read his mind, Tony moves his hand away.
What is new is the body draped over him. Steve tries not to stiffen or shift, instead looking down a little to see Tony’s head tucked under his chin, arm across Steve’s chest. He’s snoring lightly.
“I just don’t understand how we haven’t found him,” Steve says. Sam is puttering around the communal floor somewhere, and Steve feels… he feels tired. Impatient. Put out.
It’s only now that the adrenaline truly wears off, and that look Tony’s giving him, that Tony’s here,
Steve hears a crash and glances inside. He pulls his phone out of his pocket and turns on the flashlight. “You okay?”
“Yup.”
Steve looks up from the fridge. “Huh?”
Steve sighs, sets his gun down by the small table just by the door where normal people would leave their keys. He walks towards Stark and sits down on the seat adjacent to him. If he wanted to, he could move his knee a little so it would brush against Stark’s, but he won’t.
Tony scrubs at his face, as if mopping away frustration. It doesn’t help, and Tony continues to scowl at Steve. “Let’s just head up,” he says, and begins stalking away, barely casting a backward glance at Steve to make sure he was following.
Meanwhile, Steve’s cheeks heat at the contact. He certainly doesn’t share Tony’s ease.
“On it, boss.”
Tony looks up at him, surprise flashing on his face for a brief moment before he schools it back into something more pensive. He nods at Steve, waiting for more.
“Oh,” Tony says, “Hah, hey there, uh.” Tony moves his hand from on top of Steve’s to place it squarely on Steve’s chest. Steve’s pretty sure he can feel how hard Steve’s heart is beating against his ribcage.
He remembers sitting up to rest on his elbows, and pulling Tony in for a kiss.
“It’s fine.”
“I am too fucking drunk for this,” Tony says, his voice just above a whisper.
Steve finds Tony later in the afternoon in his workshop. He knocks on the glass panel and holds up a cup of coffee. Tony grins at him and waves him in, and Steve hands over the coffee before taking the opportunity to once again appreciate Tony’s workshop.
He’s seen a lot of crazy things in his life—Red Skull, Zola’s computer brain complex,
“Hey,” Steve chides, leaning up and brushing Tony’s nose with his. “Don’t say that.”
“Early,” Tony says into the pillow, raising a hand to Steve’s wrist and using Steve’s hand to make small circles on his stomach. “Sleep.” His voice is soft.
Natasha’s face is impassive. “He’s trying, for you. He’s doing his best to help.”
new,” Tony says, sitting down beside Nick. “Something’s different about him.”
“Just one,” Tony grins, tapping some weed onto rolling paper. “Come on, we should unwind. There’s still so much week left in this week,” he says, rolling for a bit more before licking the joint closed.
On his bed, his phone buzzes. Steve crawls over and takes the call.
(One frustrating blind spot in Tony’s life: relationships. Which isn’t to say he hasn’t tried to make sense of them, sped read through self-help books and trawled through Reddit. Unlike everything else, research pales in comparison to experience, and there’s only so much he can do to make sure this one precious thing in his life is perfect.)
Fully committed to giving up on the rest of the day, Steve picks up his things and drops them haphazardly on the bed. He goes back to staring at the ceiling, continuing from where he’d stopped counting.
“You said last night that you wanted to stop running away. And now, it’s the first thing you do when people—our people, not like, whoever people, by the way—see me touching you? What’s that about?”
“I’m thinking,” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve as he spoke— “the beach? Full circle, you know?”
His phone buzzes with Stark’s response.
“Don’t fucking use your de-escalation tactics on me.” Tony hisses, turns on his heel, and walks out the door. He gives himself the satisfaction of slamming it shut.
There are two bags attached to his IV, and wires coming out from under his chest that are attached to a big machine that beeps periodically. The rest of the room is sparse and the TV is an old one, the muted newscast coming out grainy. Outside, through the blinds, doctors and nurses putter about in the hallway. So: a civilian hospital.
Sam shrugs. “Okay. I hope you keep trying.”
Steve feels crazy for even thinking that, but it’s true: Tony does manage to wriggle his way to Steve’s side, and Steve isn’t sure if it’s on purpose or if Steve is only cataloguing those moments and disregarding the rest. Surely, Tony isn’t seeking him out; he’s the one who said no, after all.
He remembers Tony’s hands on his chest, then on his stomach, then on the skin just above his hip, right above the band of his trunks.
Tony lets out a mirthless laugh; Steve starts at the sound, at the accusation. He’s not Captain America, not now. Captain America didn’t do things like this. Steve Rogers—maybe he could. Last night, as he drank, and drank, and drank, he had thought, pathetically to himself, that maybe Steve Rogers was allowed to be this. To do things like this. Was allowed to make mistakes and be sad and not deal with his problems. But those were the thoughts of a drunk man. And so, Steve discards them.
Bruce shrugs, then nudges Natasha’s legs up to retrieve his book. JARVIS has lowered the music to a soft hum, and Natasha and Clint’s are bowed close together as they look at something on Clint’s phone.
He stays in bed for a bit longer, thinking about Tony’s hands. He jolts out of his bed when he feels the first flush of arousal, not sure if it was decent to think that way, after Tony had so soundly rejected him.
Tony makes a small noise of understanding, digging into his steak.
“You can go ahead.”
Tony shakes his head, a small smile on his lips. “How about we reserve story time for when you’ve fully recovered, huh?”
Thor quirks an eyebrow at the movement, but Steve doesn’t notice.
The room that gets the least foot traffic is the library. Steve knows this from the fine layer of dust that coats one of the desks, but also because he’d asked JARVIS, point blank, which room in the tower he could go to where he could expect no visitors. JARVIS had said that other than his own apartment, Bruce would frequent the library most evenings, but it remained empty most of the day.
No one knows how in his head Steve can get about things; most people just assume Steve’s the type to just do, and then deal with happens after the doing. Which is true most of the time. When the stakes are all Steve, recklessness is the status quo.
Steve nods back, and finds himself incapable of saying anything else. Tony’s beautiful in the afternoon light, lips pink from whatever activities they’d gotten him to do earlier, eyes bright from release. Steve drinks it all in, feels suddenly like a man in a desert who has found oasis.
So instead, he walks to the penthouse and finds Steve reading.
saying that, that it’s never going to be enough, but the most we can do is what we’re doing and accept that... that.” Tony falters, laughs. “No, nevermind. I have no idea what I’m saying. I’m like, the least qualified person here to talk you out of self-hatred.”
Steve reduces the heat on the stove and walks up to Tony. After a few seconds of being disregarded, Steve pokes him in the shoulder. “I’m making spaghetti.”
“I did some digging through Howard’s stuff. I think he was trying to make it too. Got pretty close, I think,” Tony says, completely nonchalant.
They sit like that for a while, almost tangled together.
Tony shrugs in response, and goes back to eating his food. Steve has lost his appetite. Natasha, as if noticing this, leans over and uses Steve’s half-eaten toast to sop up the runny yolks on his plate.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t bring myself to speak first.
“Steve,” Tony says, “I don’t know if anyone has told you this already, but—it’s not your fault. You have to know that.” Tony touches Steve’s arm, as if asking Steve to look at him.
They’re silent for a while, and after so many years together, Steve is no longer ruffled by Tony’s restlessness. He continues to read as Tony shifts around, leaning against Steve’s shoulder then pulling away, then flopping down on his lap then, later, lying down on the floor.
She decides, as Steve and Tony jostle over who does the dishes, that this is for further observation.
“I thought you liked plans, and it isn’t my first rodeo so I decided to come up with one,” Tony says, grinning as he slides himself onto the dining table. He looks down at Steve above the frame of his tinted glasses expectantly.
“What?” Tony asks, still looking confused.
“Tony!” He says, grinning brightly. He sets the donuts down. “Glad I caught you before your next meeting.”
“Stop,” he said, so I did, my breath coming in short bursts as he undressed me.
Steve smiles up at Tony as he answers Peter’s questions, and Tony turns to Steve, briefly, tilting his head in question.
He is on vacation, after all. And it’s not like anyone here knows him. It’s a liberating thought, but Steve knows, too, that that’s all it will be.
Steve huffs out a laugh, then tips his forehead to rest against Tony’s.
Steve freezes up. “Here?”
Tony laughs softly and closes his eyes. “Yes, I will, honeybear. Now it’s nap time.”
, okay.”
Steve doesn’t want to waste any more time than he already has. Every minute, Bucky slips deeper and deeper into obscurity, and Steve has had enough time to prepare himself to ask for Tony’s help (not that he didn’t want it, or think he needed it, it’s just—).
“Well, no. But it must have been awful for you to still be so salty about it.”
, exhausted from his back-to-back shoots, and usually he’d just jack himself off to get to sleep but he’s too tired to even get hard.
“Well! That was good. Just, you know,” Tony makes another vague motion with his hand.
“What are you so worried about?” Tony asks, pushing himself up to look down at Steve. “I didn’t bring you here to like, kill you or something.”
Steve glances at Natasha as he leads Tony to the back of the jet, where Thor is snoring softly.
Steve looks at the city, wondering what he should say. It’s not a matter of not knowing where to begin, but struggling with the very idea of beginning at all; he doesn’t do this. Vulnerability has never been an option for him, for Steve Rogers, and later, for Captain America. He feels like the physical embodiment of the phrase “soldiering on.”
“Guess we’re even.”
“Hey!”
“Okay,” Steve says, turning away from Tony to check the time on the clock. He sees the movement of Tony’s hands in his periphery, and feels inexplicably irritated by it. He reaches over to still the motion. “Don’t,” he says. So Tony doesn’t.
“Okay,” Steve says easily, pulling away. He comes back to press a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek. “See you later?”
,” he says again, more urgently now.
“Unless he didn’t want to make more. So they took what he had.”
Tony huffs as he sits on one of the cots. “I really don’t—” Steve shushes him and gently pushes him down onto the cot, hand firm against Tony’s chest.
Tony is pale, and he smiles up at Steve from the worn down mat on the floor when Steve finally busts through the door.
I took a second to fully come back to myself; I’d almost kissed him. I’d moved to kiss him and he’d moved away.
, his body says, and he’s inclined to agree.
“I don’t know,” Steve starts. Takes another deep breath, laughs at how nervous he feels as he continues to search within himself, to find the latch he’d hidden away so expertly.
“I know.” Tony sighs.
It gives Steve a sorely needed boost in confidence. “I was thinking we could go on vacation together.”
Through the static noise of his thoughts, Steve notices that he’s never heard Tony speak so haltingly. He reaches over and takes Tony’s hand, caring for him coming as second nature at this point. “You don’t have to be sorry. I don’t know if I would have told you, either, if I was in your place.”
Steve feels Tony’s body begin to relax, and just as he’s about to open his mouth, Tony says, “Can we talk about the rest of this in the morning?”
It’s probably something ingrained in him from the army, the way he sleeps in only one position, so it’s nothing new to blink away sleep from his eyes and have the ceiling as his first sight of the morning.
Tony places a hand on the back of Steve’s neck, pulls him close to kiss the top of his head. “I feel like we’re going about this backwards,” he says to Steve’s hair.
“Really? Quiet?” Steve laughs now, and nudges Tony back. Tony shrugs his shoulders, but doesn’t say anything, as if demonstrating his point.
Steve can’t pinpoint the exact moment when they’d gotten so comfortable with each other, maybe from all the first aid they’d performed on the quinjet, or all the meals they’d prepared and shared, jostling around the kitchen, trying to make themselves useful.
Steve continues to stare, mouth parted in shock. “I don’t care,” he says. “I take it back.”
“Dammit, that’s me.” Pepper dusts herself off. “See you tomorrow?”
Steve smiles, lips pinched together. “I don’t know, Tony. Why don’t you start?”
and that’s reason enough to hope, isn’t it?
“I can’t believe—”
Steve turns off the shower, clears his throat. “Tell him I’m fine, JARVIS. Please ask him if he wants pizza or Chinese for dinner.”
Steve’s chest tightens. Stark—
Steve nods. “Good.” He then turns to leave, but stops. “Hey, Tony?”
“God, Steve,” Tony says, and he sounds sad, but that can’t be right, Tony has no reason to be sad, he doesn’t have a horse in this race.
“You’re really good at this,” Steve says, once Nick had yelled cut. Tony wrenches his eyes away from the flush that had spread down from Steve’s neck to his chest, which was glistening with sweat.
The movement, evidently, is enough to jostle Tony awake. He lets out a pitiful groan. “Why the fuck did we sleep on the beach,” he grumbles, and Steve watches as Tony rolls away from him and out of his cocoon.
“But I might be,” he adds, smiling a little encouragingly at Tony. “If you don’t let me kiss you.”
