Sherlock’s heart is pounding in his ears. He tilts forward; his eyes open, John’s closed. Lets his lips very lightly brush over John’s. Gets a soft gasp in return. Does it again, and this time, John opens his eyes and presses back, parting his lips against Sherlock’s.
John returned to see that Sherlock had been cornered by a man and a woman. He recognized them from Bart’s, remembered that Sherlock had actually told him about them, long time ago, during one of their relaxed Saturday nights at home. Yes, he remembered now, and smiled. He knew Sherlock couldn’t stand either of them.
The crowd around them had gone dead silent. John felt like every single person by the bar was staring at them, and quite possibly, that was also the case. John was certainly not going to lift his head to find out. He could hear giggles around them, a few whispers, someone made a wolf whistle, before the usual noise was finally starting to pick up again.
His mind continued to race off on crazy tangents, far away to since long forbidden, locked-up places. It presented him with an internal picture of himself going down on Sherlock, mimicking what this guy was doing. Taking him in his mouth and being the one who could make him emit all these sounds. The intimate taste of another man.
He tried to give her a careful smile. “But you know what? I don't know why. I don't know why you had to become so strong. And I think it's about time that we talked about that.”
Sherlock had immediately noticed all the signs of agitation, but hadn't yet figured out the exact reason for it. Then again, she'd only been standing in front of him for a few seconds.
Although Mycroft seemed reluctant to give John much information, he had at least gotten the impression that this wasn't something that had been spiraling out of control for any longer period of time.
Walking to Baker Street, John called in sick to work. He got two cups of coffee and some muffins to go, and then made his way back to give Mrs. Hudson the update.
He reached up as far as the shirt would allow, and then traced downwards, slowly taking in the shapes of convex and concave; of muscles and bones playing under John’s bare skin.
“I'd love for you to fuck me right now, John,” he mumbled, pushing hard into John's fist. “I've waited so many years to feel your cock up my arse; I really don't think I can wait any longer.”
“Ow, what the fuck!” Sherlock called out, louder than necessary, of course, like the drama queen he was.
Opens his mouth to answer, but Sherlock goes on, apparently getting more and more fired up as he speaks.
John is quiet again; inhales, exhales. ”Alright. I’ve never been in a relationship with a man,” he says quietly. Sherlock’s suddenly fully awake; feels his jaw clenching.
”I’m sorry, sweetheart,” John said, feeling a little bit bad now. ”But I hope I made it up to you after,” he added with a wink.
She had screamed and yelled, thrown things around and gone on and on about how John was, basically, the worst piece of scum on earth. This, however, John had been more prepared for, so in a way he found it easier to handle.
Hearing the reassurance, John couldn't hold back any longer. He already saw it in his mind, and the thoughts had made him rock hard. Resting his palms on Sherlock's thighs, he leaned forward, until his lips were touching Sherlock's cock through the fabric.
Five days later, John was sitting in a plastic chair in a colourless office at the hospital. On the desk in front of him, piles and piles of papers, folders, books and two empty paper coffee mugs. The doctor on the other side was a woman around his own age, blonde hair pulled back in a simple ponytail.
“He's seeing that actor guy. The one we met that night at the restaurant, remember? They appear to have gotten quite serious, really fast.”
An image came up, from that one night, when John had woken him up to say he had to leave, and Sherlock remembered grabbing his wrist and asking him not to go, had pressed John for an answer regarding when he’d come back-
What they have just done.. even if he’s resisting to think it, deep down he knows. He really does. This -
”God! Oh!” Sherlock looked down to watch as John kissed him over his exposed chest. The sight was surreal.
The hallway light comes on. Sherlock hears him puttering about the kitchen, cupboard opening and closing, the tap running. Stares at John’s face. Decides to lick a broad stripe across the palm that is currently covering his mouth. Gets another stern look from John, very encouraging. Does it again.
Sherlock had been so focused on the amazing interaction unfolding, and hadn't paid much attention to that particular part of himself for a while now. But feeling John's fist around him, as John began to stroke him in a quite decisive pace, reminded him how close to the edge he already was. He moaned with relief at the touch, momentarily throwing his head back into the pillow.
Seemingly to prove his point that this was not up for debate, John then immediately got up to get his jacket and his keys.
He stopped talking and squeezed himself halfway up from his seat, reached over Mary and the table and all the wine glasses, and actually grabbed the sleeve of Sherlock’s suit jacket. ”I absolutely
“I seem to have gotten myself into a slightly sticky situation,” he added in a low voice, grinning. Sherlock didn't think that anyone could ever have a more perfect smile.
John tried not to let Sherlock see, but he desperately needed it faster, harder. He had been hard and so impossibly turned on for longer than he'd been for years, and being inside of Sherlock – he was fucking Sherlock! - oh, it was just more than he could handle.
“No way, my friend.” John was smiling now, feeling like he was winning for once. It was unusual, to say the least, to see Sherlock this squirmingly uncomfortable. He decided to step it up a notch.
He’s not sure who sees whom first. Only knows that he would instantly notice the presence of John Watson, anywhere, anytime.
He had been careful to not let John know about this part of his past, though, when he’d suggested - no, ordered - this excursion. No need to let John know that this was actually pretty exciting.
”Don’t lecture me,” Sherlock bites back. ”That’s my very good friend we're talking about, and he specifically asked for me to be here. I very much doubt he just wanted me to come witness his execution!”
But this time he could say it and get an instant reminder that it was real. Because every time he said it, John would respond.
John doesn’t reply, just keeps untangling the hair, quietly thankful that at least it was a fairly clean object and not a shoe or something. When most of the grime is cleaned off, he’s able to get a better view of the actual cut.
But he had to get out, just had to. Granted, he’s never felt at home in the beige little flat he is currently renting, but these last five days it’s been unbearable to spend even a minute more than absolutely needed there.
Having been told the breed, he was able to make a quick estimate of the dog's running speed and hunting pattern. His intimate knowledge of the park's topography made it possible to arrive at a rough approximation of where the dog might be located at this point.
John went down the stairs and up to the door to Mrs. Hudson's flat. Light was radiating through the cracks. Maybe she was awake, but if not, it couldn't be helped. He knocked.
”There,” he says, a few minutes later, all passed in complete silence. ”Give it a moment, and then I’d suggest you get in the shower. You can rinse your hair, but don’t touch the cut.”
- placed just above his clavicle, at the edge of his dressing gown. John’s mouth, back up along the stretch of his neck. Getting bolder; mouthing, nipping. Tasting, Sherlock gasped at the sensation of John’s tongue on the thin skin below his ear.
In this chapter and the following, you'll find major spoilers for the ACD short story The Adventure of the Gloria Scott. It can be skipped, but you will miss a bit of backstory and developments. I've marked the beginning and the end of the spoiler part with five asterisks instead of the usual three.
Sherlock didn’t quite know what to make of this. All he could think about was John standing there, about to leave.
”And if not,” John continues, ”I’m actually considering keeping an overnight place in Bingham, then go back and forth for the weekends with her. I honestly don’t think I can stand it much longer, you know. It’s perfectly nice and all, but it’s just so… boring. The town, the people… my job at the clinic… I feel like I have one foot in the grave already.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but to John’s surprise he doesn’t say anything, but begins to walk out to the sitting room.
The restaurant was very nice and so was the food, and after a glass of wine, they both seemed to relax again. It was going to take a bit of time, perhaps, to settle into this new thing, but that was alright, John thought. A small price to pay, to get to miraculously be reunited with Sherlock, after all this time and all those barriers. He stretched out his arm over the table, put his hand on top of Sherlock’s.
Shit. Wow. Oh god. Sherlock was there. He was somewhere in this very room. John felt like he almost couldn’t breathe.
”If I’d known you were coming over, I obviously would have straightened up a bit.” Sherlock’s standing in the middle of the sitting room, a glass of water in his hand.
Then, Sherlock repeated the amazing thing that he’d just done, again and again, and John just couldn’t stop staring.
Sherlock huffed, more than a little peeved by this demonstration. He’d known this would be the case, but it was still a bit frustrating to see that he really was that much inferior to John, strength wise. Maybe he should start a weight lifting routine.
It was just nice to be outside, enjoying this particularly splendid summer afternoon. Plus, he’d always liked dogs.
and far beneath his great, logical mind. And Sherlock had certainly never volunteered any kind of information pertaining to that particular area.
John exhaled, slightly relieved that she perhaps was somewhat more reasonable than the crazy phone thing had suggested.
”I used to read to him at night, when Mummy and Daddy were away. Pirates and knights, that sort of thing, it was all he wanted to hear. And it’s a shame, really, because in those stories, you know, when the brave knight would return after having been to hell and back to kill the dragon - the princess would always be there, faithfully waiting. Not once do I recall her having gone off and married someone else!”
The words Sherlock had spoken, the final proof that all this was the product of a mind not connected to reality.
“Regardless of what you think, Mary, I'm not your enemy. And I don't see you as my enemy, either. We have a daughter together, for christ's sake! And I love her, and I want to be a proper dad. And I want to be there for you too, even if I can't, you know, be with you in the way we both intended.”
At the other side of the road, a large, green Range Rover comes speeding in to the fortunately empty car park, then stops so abruptly that the brakes screech, leaving black marks in the new snow. Someone jumps out and John sees the familiar mop of dark hair, but has to take a second look since he’s not wearing his coat, but some sort of… lumber jacket, checkered in yellow and black. But it’s Sherlock, alright. John raises a hand, waves, then turns toward the blonde woman again.
”No!” He leaps out of his chair, stands in front of the coffee table, staring at his mum with such a panic stricken face that John has a very hard time not bursting into laughter.
. He could still catch up with old friends, and in all likelihood, Sherlock wasn’t going to be there, anyway.
”Tell you what. Why don’t you go take a hot shower, and I’ll make us a cuppa? I’m sure I can still find my way around here.” He expects Sherlock to object, but he doesn’t.
”Well, my dear brother, for all his excellence in the art of lying, apparently felt that this was the right moment to start being Mr. Honesty. Whilst high, he called his boyfriend up and told him everything. I managed to persuade the man to fly back to London anyway, but from what I gather, I very much doubt that it can be fixed this time.”
John took the last step towards him, and then his hands were on Sherlock’s arms, grabbing firmly. He made himself meet John’s eye.
Sherlock still hadn’t said it back. He wanted to. He knew that, was certain. It was just difficult. Never having said it before, he was uncertain of how to go about it. And maybe a tiny bit worried, too.
It was another Saturday, a few weeks later. It was sunny and still hot, and Sherlock was back in the park.
from Hermès is a fairly new favourite. Manages for once to get his hair in perfect order, the wax he picked up at his hair dresser last time leaves a nice shine. Trims his eyebrows, files down the rough edges on his finger nails. Buttons his white shirt, attaches the heavy, golden cuff links his grandpa left him. Ties his black shoes.
John smiled. ”Of course, decorating and going antiquing. Isn’t that what any self-respecting, middle aged gay couple ought to be doing in their spare time?”
He had let Sherlock choose the place for the evening; a task which he had approached through meticulous research on his laptop. John had obligingly fetched it for him to use in bed after their last encounter was over with; soiled flannels properly discarded on the bathroom floor and a long snogging session properly accomplished.
To make matters worse, he was then hit with a flashback from that night when he’d let himself in - the night that had started it all. He got a vivid image of Sherlock, sitting in his chair, and- oh fuck. John tried all he could to push this intrusive memory out of his mind.
He sent a thought to the colleagues working in the emergency rooms tonight, it would probably be a busy night for them.
Without warning, John had pushed in a second finger, and he was slowly scissoring them to stretch Sherlock open further.
”I’m not stupid you know… I just didn’t want to see it. I wanted to believe that what you were telling me.. that it was true.”
. This is why he shouldn’t drink that much. No - in fact, this is why he shouldn’t drink at all. Resolves to never drink another drop of alcohol again.
Small particles of icy rain hitting his face, his hair, but Sherlock hardly feels it. The crowded sidewalk turning into a blur, with only one single focus in front of him. Brown leather jacket with shearling collar. Blonde hair now almost half grey. Lots of adrenaline pumping, he is as caught off guard as is Sherlock.
”You’re everything, Sherlock, you are my everything, you have to know,” John mumbled to Sherlock’s mouth.
”Well, if one can call it that. You are clearly doing something, but I wouldn’t go so far as to say driving, darling. We’ll be lucky if we make it to the house in one piece.”
Okay, definitely pissed. Room spinning. After washing his hands, John walked up to the bar and quickly downed three large glasses of water, then decided it would probably be best to head home. He said a quick goodbye to everyone and stepped outside. It felt good with the cool air hitting his face, much better already. Maybe walking for a bit would do him good, before getting in a taxi. Did not want to come home like this, knew how Mary would taunt him about it.
”Yes, I figured out that much by myself,” Sherlock said back, still not smiling. ”But why have you given me the key to Janine’s place in Sussex Downs?”
John is standing in the middle of the room. Nicely dressed, shirt pressed, the creases from the folding (military precision) just barely noticeable. In his right hand, now slack by his side, he’s holding his phone. Was in the middle of texting, put it down the second he heard Sherlock coming.
Worst case scenario: Five more years of not seeing John. Or more. Not that likely, Sherlock thinks, given how easy it turned out to be, being together again. Surely he wasn’t the only one feeling that. On the other hand… didn’t expect five years of silence the last time John left, either.
. He needs more. He presses his hips against the heavy leg that is wedged between his, moves to increase the friction against his aching erection.
”Of course,” Sherlock replies, still trying to wrap his head around the fact that this is really happening. ”That’s perfect. I’ll pick you up at the station.”
John had parted his lips, was breathing with his mouth open against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock noticed how John’s respiration suddenly had changed, it was heavier now, tenser.
It felt so incredibly right to be back at Baker Street. He smiled as he made his way out to the sitting room. The dog had curled up in a corner of the sofa, and Sherlock was kneeling in front of the fire place, getting a fire started.
And now, here he was, sitting at a narrow table at a restaurant, with Sherlock on the opposite side. A smiling Sherlock, even. Perhaps he should pinch himself to see if it was really happening.
Mary grabbed her handbag, took a few steps towards John and then turned back again. ”Oh and if you pick her up from the crib, please don’t forget to switch the breathing monitor back on when you put her back again, you know, and-”
Sherlock didn’t think Billy would really fit into this clean, modern space, but he kept that to himself. ”I’ll consider it."
”You’re absolutely perfect,” John whispered to him, then continued to place reverent kisses on his stomach. The tenderness of John’s every move made Sherlock’s heart ache with pain.
At some unknown point during the night, John stirs. He’s drifting in that strange place between sleep and wakefulness, faintly aware of the compact darkness both outside the window and in the room. His entire body is lit up with a strong, tingling arousal; an urgent wish for
He crossed his arms, kept them tight across his chest, looked straight at John. John seemed surprised, maybe by the sudden turn of emotions, well screw that.
But when John was there with Sherlock, at Baker Street, all he wanted to do was to get away. Away from the flat that still felt like home but so clearly no longer wasn’t. Away from Sherlock’s sadness and resignation and the weight of guilt and regret so heavy on John's shoulders.
”Darling. Don’t overthink it. This is not difficult, I promise. You just ask. And he will either say yes, and then that’s great, or he will say no.”
After a while, John gave Sherlock a hard push to make them both lose balance, and Sherlock laughed when they rather clumsily hit the mattress.
”Haven’t gotten a formal offer yet,” John says. ”But that’s a good question. I have a feeling that Mary might be open to move back, as well.”
There were one, two, three, four strong spurts of release; his muscles contracted around John’s cock. He felt the world shut down around him, felt the noise in his head grow quiet.
John was doing all this to him, and no matter how he tried, he just couldn’t understand it was real.
It was one thing if Sherlock knew how often he jerked off, but quite another matter that he apparently also knew about the fantasies that John had never told anybody about.
Here it was now, laid out in front of him. The truth, in clear view: In this life, there could be many people -women, maybe men- that John would be able to connect with, to like, to love. That was the way John was. But there would never be anyone who John could love the way he loved Sherlock. It was as simple as that.
Sherlock has just started to worry about the rapidly increasing risk that he might come in his pants when, before he knows how, he’s lying on his side, pressed into the sofa with John right next to him. John is holding his hand over Sherlock’s mouth, presumably to keep him quiet.
”Yeah, you tell yourself that, John.” She rolled her eyes. ”Do I really have to spell it out to you! Just listen to me now, because I honestly have your best interest in mind.”
The restaurant was in Covent Garden, and the taxi had to drive around the block to access the one way street. The exterior of the building was unassuming. A group of attractive women in their twenties, dressed up in short skirts and high heels, stood outside smoking, but that was the only sign of anything happening there.
”Is there anything you’re not brilliant at? Fuck, your mouth, Sherlock, that was amazing, how did you get so good at-”
Eventually, John increased the pace, and Sherlock started to slowly meet his movements, pushing down further on John’s hand.
”Alright, so as head boy, one has to give a speech in front of the entire school and faculty at the opening ceremony in late September. In Latin.”
”No, I’d think you’d be great! Just imagine! You could be that mad-but-brilliant professor that everybody would fear! And those kids would all look up to you. You’d get to shape their young, impressionable minds. Brainwash them with the scientific method. I think you’d love it! Can’t you see, Sherlock? It’d be perfect for you!” He looked at Sherlock with some sort of puppy eyes.
He stared at the last text from John, from earlier. What had happened between then and now? Gone home to Mary, realized he couldn't leave her and the baby. Responsibility, duty.
During those first few months, in the summer, she had often called him at work, yelling and shouting abuse, and on many occasions he'd seen no other alternative than to get in the car and go over there, to make sure Anna was okay.
The ride out to the airport, armed security agent by his side. Numbness had claimed him, he was calm, felt nothing. He was leaving, no way out, nothing to fight. It was the way it had to be, the price he had willingly accepted for keeping John safe and happy.
“John, John,” he chanted, leaning his sweaty forehead against John’s, and John quickly came to it. He reached down both his hands, pushed away Sherlock's with a firm motion.
At Magnussen, on Christmas Day. The chilling realization that there were no files, no documents to be extracted and destroyed. All the scenarios he’d been rehearsing, and yet managing to neglect that particular possibility.
In the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John following the exchange with ill concealed amusement. He still had the rabbit in his hand. The dog had given up, and had lain down practically on top of John's shoes, panting heavily with it's tongue out.
John’s hand on his thigh, the other one on his dick. Sherlock might as well have received an electrical shock, because that’s how strongly the sensation tore through his body.
”Thank you John,” Sherlock says as he comes to plank himself down into the sofa, which John hastily cleared up before taking one of the corners - his usual one. Sherlock is dressed in a thick fleece dressing gown, flannel pyjama pants sticking out from beneath. His hair is still damp, and John breathes in the familiar scent, thinks that he’s never met anybody smelling as good as Sherlock - warm, clean, expensive.
Sherlock tried to hide his face in the pillow, but since he was fully on his back, he only managed it halfway. He quickly covered his eyes with a hand. He struggled to make his voice sound normal.
Sherlock was silent, tried to process it all. The words John was saying, surreal. He couldn’t have wished for anything more. And yet… How could this possibly work?
He knew perfectly well how to respond to not aggravate a situation like this, and he felt silently proud of himself for the way he managed to counter her attacks with a deescalating attitude.
John got up on the bed, laid down and pulled on Sherlock until he abandoned his awkward position and was lying down next to John instead.
”Nah, not really agreeing with family life." John tried his best to make it sound like it didn’t matter. Tried to laugh it off, like the others did. He hadn’t seen Sherlock in more than two months now, and it hurt like hell just to think about.
The thought of losing John after having had him this close - losing him after knowing that this had been a real option - it was unbearable.
Thinks that maybe this is why John’s had so many sexual partners - because he’s able to just separate it, like he’s doing now. Go back to normal, still be
”John, Caroline!” Mrs Holmes is returning to the room, carrying a large photo album. Its cover is made of dark brown leather. It looks worn, and is of the older type with plastic pockets to hold the photos. Here and there, John can see newspaper clippings sticking out.
They were still smiling, but the laughter had finally trickled off. John’s abs were hurting from the vigorous workout. They had turned around and were now facing towards the bar and the many colorful bottles at the back, their elbows perched on the desk. John was still so close to Sherlock’s face, and he couldn’t remember when he last felt this happy.
”I love you," Gabriel had whispered, their bodies connected, and Sherlock had felt a strange mix of bliss and panic stirring up inside him.
It had begun civilized enough. The baby had been sleeping upstairs, and he had sat down with Mary, she in the chair, he in the sofa, both with a cup of tea in front of them.
On the table, two glasses of almost finished orange juice, and two large, blue and white teacups, one empty, one full. Sherlock’s tea had since long gone cold, but he planned to drink it anyway. Under normal circumstances, Gabriel would have gotten up to get him a hot refill but today he hadn’t, and Sherlock was not going to bother to do it himself.
Panic stirring in his chest at the thought; luckily, the buzz in his head makes it easy to shut it off. He closes his eyes and lets himself melt into the unreal sensations of touching John, of leaning into his body, sucking his lower lip-
”Pull yourself together, man!” Sherlock complained, but he was giggling, too. ”And do tell, because I’m dying to know. Why did you laugh, last night? As far as I know, there is nothing particularly funny with neither me nor my dick?”
John’s every cell hurt at having to do this. He bit his teeth hard together, censored the stingy come-back he so badly wanted to retort with.
In his mind, John is racing through lots and lots of different possibilities. Roommate? Killer? Murder victim? Fencing opponent? All of the above?
“Sherlock, please, give it a rest!” he had exclaimed, putting his notepad down on the table with a loud thump. There had been an unusual frustration in his voice. “I majored in Psychology, not Mind Reading!”
”You’re just on fire tonight, aren’t you?” John crossed his arms, pretending to take offense. He thought he was probably grinning like a fool.
He was aware that it was a bit too much – no, a whole lot too much, if one only saw to how short of time they'd been together as lovers. But he really didn't think it was fair to see their relationship in the light of just how long they'd been having sex.
John moved his hand, gently stroked his beautiful face, let his fingertips trace the convexity of his cheekbone and the concavity below it. He felt like this was happening in a film he was watching, like it wasn’t real.
in a relationship, way back then, he just didn’t realise at the time. Because it had been a relationship completely without sex, or even any sort of physical closeness.
Sherlock gasped for air as he did so, and John suddenly felt bad for him. He really was more for giving than receiving in bed, but this.. this was just too damn good to pass up on, and after all, Sherlock seemed to like it.
John was sitting straight up on top of him now, and Sherlock heard himself gasp at the sight of John’s naked torso.
were leaned back against the bar, chatting with Charlotte and some friends they apparently had in common.
The other night, when Rosie had been since long tucked into bed, he’d phoned her up to actually talk - maybe for the first time ever, he just couldn’t remember. But she’d listened, patiently and without judgement, and for the rest of that evening, his skin had been crawling a lot less.
”Come, dear,” she says to Caroline, patting the empty seat next to her. ”I don’t think you’ve seen this, either!”
”Sherlock… took it very hard. For a long time, I think he blamed himself. He was just a small child - and we tried to explain it to him, of course, that accidents happen and it’s nobody’s fault - but it was very difficult to get through.”
”Sherlock. I can’t believe I’m standing here in the park with you again,” he said softly. Sherlock turned his face towards him, but didn’t look up to meet his eye.
The light in the flat was low, only a few lamp lights were lit, and the warm glow from a dying fire in the fireplace. Some light from the street lamps fell though the windows and cast long shadows on the walls.
“Please John... I want you to do what you promised. John-” Sherlock's body was moving so insistently against John, it made him feel dizzy with want. This was really going to happen.
”Oh.” Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. He looked taken aback, as if this was something he had not at all expected. ”Can’t you do that some other time?”
It was too much. It required a massive effort to remain still, to not give in to his mad urge to start thrusting in John’s hand. Sherlock tried to channel the restless energy into his breathing instead, inhaled and exhaled loudly through o-shaped lips.
John sighs, but can’t help to smile a little, anyway. Knows he’s a sucker for Sherlock, will never be able to resist whatever he’s offering.
”I know, I’m sorry. It just feels so odd to leave her, that’s all.” She turned to the nanny, searching for reassurance.
”Sherlock,” John said again. He squeezed his arm a bit tighter, tried frantically to create some sort of order in the myriad of thoughts and emotions whirling through him.
He feels the tension rapidly dissipating from Sherlock’s body, turning it soft and pliant. Sherlock’s chest is heaving, his eyes are half closed, he seems to be still caught up in the twilight state after climax.
”Sherlock it’s me, I’m so sorry it took so long, it’s been a bit crazy over here but all is good now. Please pick up.”
”So, I was actually rather good at Latin, but I saw my chance to finally get a breakthrough with Sherly here. So, I asked him for help with the speech… and the rest, as they say, is history!” Gabriel smiled, looking pleased with himself.
His heart, beating so fast in his chest. He felt dizzy, disconnected. He sat down on the edge of the bed, feeling like the air had been punched out of him.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, pretended to sleep. Planned to sleep, in fact. Tried to doze off again.
For a moment, Sherlock focused all his attention on the sensation of John's hands. They were everywhere they could reach, it seemed.
When John hollowed his cheeks to increase the suction and then swallowed around Sherlock a few times, Sherlock suddenly pulled hard on his hair, simultaneously crying out a short, stuttered, '
They stood in silence for a while, watched the rain ripple the surface of the lake; heard it smatter on the tin roof of the bandstand.
”I’m sorry, John, I’d better get this,” Sherlock said, appearing extremely awkward. John was uncomfortable as well, but figured it was probably nothing compared to Sherlock, judging by the look of him.
Sherlock has heard enough. Quickly turns around and makes his way up the stairs again. Throws himself onto the bed. There’s a thick lump in his throat that can’t be swallowed away.
Sherlock tilted his chin out for another kiss, and just like before, their lips and tongues meeting had the same effect as gasoline being poured on a fire. They were both pushing their bodies into one another, kissing, touching, moaning each other’s names, and John wasn’t even sure of exactly what he was saying at this point.
And that is why, only hours after stumbling upon Sherlock after all these years, John finds himself in the back of a police car, speeding down the streets, brakes screeching on every turn. It’s surreal; like he’d stepped into a time machine, the familiar feeling of sitting right next to Sherlock, adrenaline running high for both of them.
”John’s a proper psychopath, how could you stand him for so long? Who goes around beating people up like that? I don’t get why was this such a big deal for him.”
”My patience with you is running out, Dr. Watson. For the final time, try to get what I’m saying. Sherlock could have died last night! So he and I both agree that at this point, we need to prioritize his safety over everything else. This is not a bloody romance novella!”
” he whispers, and when John takes him in deeper and begins to suck, his knees actually do give way. His bodyweight shifts onto John’s head, and it unfortunately results in John choking. John pulls off; coughs hard, twice, reflexively gasps for air.
,” Sherlock groans as he begins to thrust into John’s fist. They fall into the same pace without effort.
All he could do was to keep her immobile, calm and warm until help arrived. He was chatting away in the manner he always talked to badly injured patients, just nonsense small talk, anything to distract them from their fear and to lessen the trauma.
As soon as their lips met again, the crazed heat came rushing back. It was like everything else in the world had faded out; everything except for the overwhelmingly arousing sensation of his tongue in Sherlock’s mouth, or Sherlock’s full, and impossibly soft and wet lower lip in between his, and the aching, throbbing feeling in his cock as he let it rub against Sherlock’s thigh.
It wasn’t so much the silence that got to him after John had left; no, that he was used to. Silence in his childhood room, silence in his single dorm room at boarding school and later, at uni.
It hadn’t been easy to navigate the toxic conditions and public health hazards of the Baker Street kitchen, but he had invested in the strongest disinfectant that the market could offer, and generously sprayed down the counters and everything around them before going ahead.
Who the hell is that? Nobody John’s mentioned, which makes it more concerning. Holds the phone in his hand for a moment. Yes, no? Yes.
“Hey, lady,” said John, “I happen to be a doctor. I know a broken spine when I see one. This animal was beyond all hope, and I merely put an end to its suffering. You should be thanking me!”
”Perhaps I said that a bit loud,” Sherlock said in his normal voice and with an absolutely expressionless face. He was still only inches away, face to face with John, and neither of them were moving.
had been wonderful, even more so than usual. It seemed to have worked like some sort of magic spell, this whole getting along decently with the Watson girl, because John just wouldn’t stop beaming at him.
”Oh John,” she said, suddenly much more subdued. “I know I can't stop you from going to see Sherlock tonight, if that's what you really want.”
A fleeting brush of John’s hand against Sherlock’s arm, as he reached over him for his glass. Accidental? A moment’s touch of legs, John’s knee pressing into Sherlock’s thigh as he shifted in the sofa, removed just as soon as it had happened, not acknowledged.
The first night he’d spent at Baker Street, ten weeks after everything happened. That was when he’d found John’s note. Good thing he’d been alone.
”It was a lovely speech your mother held,” said John. ”Funny and clever. It’s easy to see where you got it from.”
So, it was nice, having John look at him like that. The last few days, since after that fight, had been hard. John had spent almost all his time working, just coming back to sleep, basically.
All he knew was that there was something about anal sex that John had an issue with. His best guess, was that it was simply too gay for him. If so, that was, to be honest, more than a little disappointing, since this was something that Sherlock really enjoyed – but it certainly wasn't important enough to risk upsetting John over. So he'd just kept his questions to himself.
Sherlock felt tears coming into his eyes. It was strange, hearing someone who didn’t know him put into words exactly what he had been feeling. He suddenly thought he really liked Dr. Riyat.
He was actually not 100% innocent on the area of man-to-man sex, although he had always considered himself completely straight.
Sherlock didn't reply, just nodded. John could hear himself swallow. He let go of Sherlock's legs, and Sherlock immediately wrapped them tightly around John's arse and thighs. John leaned over him more, put one hand on Sherlock's shoulder and the other around his neck.
John laid down next to him, on the side to which his face was turned. He placed his palm on Sherlock’s shoulder, stroked him in gentle, calming movements.
He had looked into that child’s face and suddenly realized she had John’s eyes. And John’s smile. It was John’s DNA, standing there in front of him. How peculiar it was, this circle of life.
And please remember, it's all a work of imagination, and all for fun. Nothing has anything to do with persons in real life!
At the times in his life when penetrative sex had been a regularly recurring feature, he'd used to maintain a much more controlled schedule of all the things that went into being able to bottom. But since he'd just about given up hope that John would ever want this, he hadn't really bothered lately. Lucky stroke tonight, though.
It had been a given, really it had. He'd known that this was going to happen, one way or another, but that hadn't been enough to hold him back. Oh no. Of course he'd had to push ahead anyway, into things that were bound to come back to hurt him.
The first time John enters Sherlock, he tries to be so very gentle; acutely aware of Sherlock’s inexperience. Right before, he asks one more time, to make absolutely sure.
”Hm. Could probably use a stitch or two.” He knows Sherlock will never agree to be dragged off somewhere for that; not in a million years. Still, the doctor in him can’t refrain from saying it.
I'm kidding! John, seriously. Has marriage made you this much stupider?” Sherlock laughed out loud, delighted at his own hilarity. John leaned forward, smacked him where he could reach – which turned out to be his right thigh – a bit harder than customary for playful slaps between friends.
His finger was in beyond the first knuckle now, and he kept wiggling it about to stretch the muscle more. Sherlock seemed to have found a way to relax into the new sensation, and he was beginning to move his hips to meet John's movements. John felt like he couldn't wait much longer now. His erection was absolutely aching, and he wondered silently how long he was going to be able to last.
Sherlock, by contrast, hadn’t had a case for a while and had spent his days in an ever increasing boredom. He’d counted the minutes until John would be back from work, but when he finally was, they’d hardly even talked, much less had sex. It made Sherlock uncomfortable, this disconnect between them. It made his worrying thoughts pick up speed again.
John felt arousal shoot sharply through him at hearing those words, whispered so quietly into his ear. He could feel Sherlock's hot breath on the thin skin of his ear, and it didn't exactly lessen when Sherlock unexpectedly bit his earlobe, quite hard.
”Tomorrow night, okay? I need to go in to work in the morning, but I’ll leave early to talk to- It might take a while, but I’ll be back tomorrow night.”
”You’re fucking mental!” John shouted. Mary had walked after him, now she was standing casually leaned against the door frame to the kitchen.
Sherlock got up out of the bed. Got up so abruptly that his feet got caught in the sheets and he almost took a nose dive to the floor, but luckily, managed to free himself in time.
”I’m not good with children, John,” Sherlock mumbled, grumpily. ”I don’t like them at all, to be honest. They’re strange and loud and unpredictable. They lack a fundamental regard for behavioral norms and proper conduct. They’re exhaustingly nosy and overly curious and just, oh, I don’t know. Obnoxious, I guess that word sums it up.”
When they got back to the flat, they stumbled back into the unmade bed, still fully dressed. The cool bed linen and the darkness from the expensive black out curtains felt like a blessing. Sherlock woke up after forty minutes, uncomfortable and sweaty. He quickly undressed, downed a glass of water together with some ibuprofen and paracetamol, and then fell asleep again.
He had wanted to show him that he loved him, endlessly, even if that wasn’t always how it came across in his actions. Still, that was how it was. He loved John so much he knew he couldn’t stand to be without him, no, never again, and it scared him and it felt unfair. It was like he was being blackmailed by his own emotions.
For how long did they kiss? In retrospect,  no way of knowing. But it was John who broke the kiss, still cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s chin. He was panting violently, and Sherlock noticed he was doing the same.
”I want you.” His mouth found John’s, and they kissed, slowly. And just like that, the shiny, sparkly and warm was back again; this time, without the misery from before.
There certainly had been a lot of time to think about things, during the two years he’d thought Sherlock was dead. He had oscillated daily between anger and despair, denial and acceptance. Had begged, pleaded - with God, with the universe, with whatever fucking possible - to let him go back in time, to fix things.
John could feel Sherlock’s hot breath on his skin, as Sherlock raised himself on one elbow and sort of hovered over him, staring at his cock. John thought that he should probably feel a bit embarrassed or self-conscious at this thorough examination, but all he could think about right now was what it would be like to be inside Sherlock’s mouth.
”It’s deeply unhygienic, you know. The amount of mites and other allergens, not to mention the insane range of bacteria-”
”Oh, ok.” He was silent for a while, but Sherlock could see he was not going to let this go just yet.
When John got to the party, it was already in full swing; people everywhere. There were a lot of unfamiliar faces in the large crowd, and John was glad when he spotted Molly and Greg, standing next to each other close to the bar. Molly squealed and leaped up to him, gave him a kiss on the cheek. She was clearly a bit tipsy already.
And with that, John's last piece of self restraint was squashed. Alongside the desire, he also felt his heart ache with love and affection for this man beneath him in the chair. For his best friend. For Sherlock.
“Of course you haven't,” John smiled gently. “But why... haven't you ever felt like you wanted to..?”
Utterly surprised, the women eventually shuffled away, leaving Sherlock alone with John and the group of researchers. The youngest man in the group turned to Sherlock.
John was overcome with a strong desire to put his arm around Sherlock, but decided it would be too much. Still, it felt like it would be the most natural thing in the world to do.
”Let me tell you something, John. When I came here three months ago, Sherlock was like a bloody shadow of himself. He never laughed! Just shuffled around his flat in his pyjamas, like a goddamn zombie. Wouldn’t eat, wouldn’t sleep. Just... Did you see the way he laughed tonight? Did you see him dancing just now?”
The Commander and Sally look at him with surprise -contempt? - but say nothing. In the corner of his eye, John thinks he can see Sherlock smiling, and it fills him with a happy warmth, just the way it has always done.
. In which John would have awakened and not turned into ice, but instead, opened his eyes and given him a sleepy smile. Whispered, affectionately,
He was alone when he wanted to, in the quiet retreat at Baker Street; his haven for solitude and thinking and exhaling.
He suddenly looked sad, and it made John's stomach turn into little knots. He tried to meet Sherlock's gaze but he was looking down.
One particularly lonely, boring Saturday night, alone in his new flat, he’d picked up his phone and begun to scroll. Sent a few messages just for the hell of it. And surprisingly, one of the two women who’d gotten back had turned out to be quite… interesting, really.
Where are his pyjama bottoms, John wondered, and then noticed them in a little pile on the floor by the chair, scrunched up together with a pair of blue silk pants. The guy was working Sherlock thoroughly it seemed. He was moving his hands now, one hand below his mouth, helping to add some extra stability and friction surely, and with his other hand, he started to stroke Sherlocks stomach, and then reaching up under the t-shirt, over his chest, maybe pinching his nipples, John guessed, or did guys perhaps not do that to each other? John felt confused.
“The women you've been with, John... they were too weak for you. They couldn't match you, didn't give you enough of a challenge. Mary was an exception, she was strong enough, but other things were lacking-” Sherlock's voice was darker than usual when he spoke, raspy, perhaps it was from the drinking. “And after she shot me, you completely lost your attraction to her. I would be surprised if you even could get it up after that.”
“But I need it, John,” he said, and John felt how the resistance he was trying to put up, was rapidly melting away.
The beaming aside, John wouldn’t stop touching him, either. Throughout dinner, there had been constant touches.
It was late at night now, and he was walking around in the sitting room, taking in and memorizing every little detail.
He turned around and made his way out as fast as he could without running. A taxi rolled by just as he got out on the street, and he hailed it, got in. And then he realized he didn’t have an address to give the cabbie.
John was still sitting down as Mycroft eventually stood up, collected his things. A strange sense of emptiness protected him from the full impact of the desperation and despair lurking just beneath the surface.
. Which is another word for having a forced conversation, trying to be a part of each other’s lives when they both know that’s not true.
It’s getting too much. Sherlock puts his glass down on the table, hard; his legs and arms restless. He swallows, tries to compose himself. His distress shows, he thinks, because suddenly, John’s hand is on his arm, gently rubbing it.
He emptied the ashtray in the kitchen trash, and while he was there, washed up the cups and glasses in the sink, dried them and carefully placed them on their respective place in the cupboard.
Another sip. Glass almost empty again. Sherlock pauses to refill it from the bottle John left on the coffee table.
”Very good. And so in this particular instance, I wonder - what exactly did you think I was going to say, that morning when I came in?”
Not in his wildest dreams could he have imagined how last night had turned out. He had expected a lot more trouble to get to this point, hadn’t at all planned to take it even remotely as far.
“Take off your pants, John,” Sherlock whispered, and John did so, and then quickly got back in the position he'd been. He noticed Sherlock staring at his cock, not making any effort to conceal his apparently intense interest. He didn't say a word, just kept staring, probably filing away the information, and John silently hoped he liked what he was seeing. Usually, his partners did; he had no insecurities in that area.
”Sherlock-” John began, but Sherlock didn’t want to talk. No point in talking, anyway, since he had nothing to offer that could make it better. Without a word, he dropped down to his knees in front of John, one quick hand opening his zipper, the other swiftly trying to get John’s flaccid dick out of his jeans.
John was so happy to hear the usual mockery from Sherlock, it meant that he was in good form. He saw that the corners of his mouth were twitching, he was trying to hold back a smile.
”When did you first think about this, us? How soon, after we’d met?” John removes his finger for a short while, gives his aching cock a few hard strokes to relieve the pressure. Sees Sherlock lifting his head to watch, which doesn’t really help things.
John pulled him close again, let his hand slide over that beautiful arse that he’d been trying very hard to control himself not to get too focused on. Sherlock leaned forward, resumed their kissing.
And once again, that dark and roaring jealousy gripped him. He was surprised by it, not used to feeling this level of possessiveness. Maybe his feelings for Sherlock had been more complicated, all along, than he'd realized?
”Er, thanks, but you know - it turned out to be a bit of a mistake. I’m actually divorced now. It was for the best.”
After a mad five minute rush - which included John hurriedly coming out of the loo in just trousers to ask Sherlock if he could use his deodorant (still very attractive; 10,7 pounds and five years extra did not change that fact) - John’s out the door.
Sherlock’s heart is beating so hard, so fast, and he’s silent, his complete attention focused as John keeps talking.
Naturally Sherlock hadn't watched it. So that weekend, when they had been at Janine's cottage in Sussex Downs, and it had been raining for 24 hours non stop and not even Sadie wanted to go outside, John had made him.
And the odd chance, no matter how small, of getting to spend some time with Sherlock, well that was too good to pass up. But, being trapped for an evening seeing Sherlock with that bloke - just the thought of that almost made him feel sick.
-” John lifts his head and shoulders from the pillow, looks down to watch. He puts his left hand in Sherlock’s soft hair, brushes it away from his forehead. Sherlock glances up to meet his eyes, his heart shaped lips stretched around him.
”What are you doing?” John asks, an uncomfortable tightness spreading in his chest. Sherlock keeps staring at him, completely quiet. ”Sherlock!”
John was not breaking their eye contact, he seemed to be taking in Sherlock’s every word. Sherlock had by no means planned this emotional outpouring, but once he’d started, he found it difficult to stop. So much he’d wanted to say to John, for so long.
So many things Sherlock wants to say. Specifically: It’s not fair. You left. You knew about all the shitty things that happened to me. You were the cause of some of it.
”God, let me see you.” John just can’t tear his eyes away from the sight in front of him. Lets his hand travel reverently over muscles, protruding ribs, scars and birthmarks.
He reached around and put a hand on Sherlock's back, let it slowly find it's way down to his naked buttocks. As before, every new thing he did caused Sherlock to make a little sound or to shiver, and John loved being able to read his reactions so clearly.
While the actor’s attention was still turned to their little group, Gabriel suddenly spoke up. ”I thought your portrayal of Turing was simply brilliant,” he said with a big smile. ”Though I’m sure you get that all the time.”
He dialed Mycroft's number, two signals went through but then, voice mail again. John fought an impulse to chuck the phone into the wall. Then, fear came back to eat him up again.
John, pushing into his hand, cock’s rubbing together. John, supporting his weight on his knees and one elbow, moving his freed left hand, cupping it around the back of Sherlock’s head. Uncoordinated kisses.
When John was done reading through the papers, he remained seated at the kitchen table for a long time, questioning himself. How could he not have seen the extent of Sherlock’s vulnerability?
When the daylight gets too sharp for the sitting room curtains to suffice, Sherlock comes shuffling down the hallway, mattress tipping as he gets in, crawls in under the covers, close to John.
John tried to push the dog away, but it was useless. It made a gracile jump and was up in the bed, trying to lick Sherlock’s face. It spun around three times and then laid down right on top of their still entwined legs.
”You’ve got some nerve. I could tell you everything about you, even the things you don’t know yourself! Whereas you really don’t have a single clue about me.”
Sherlock had been very quiet, not saying anything apart from making all those wonderful sounds that made John tingle. But now, suddenly, he looked John straight in the eye and spoke. And what he said sent a sharp shiver through John's body.
In the six months that had passed, John hadn't seen Sherlock, not even once. Not that he expected to. Or maybe that wasn't quite true.
Mike drew a deep breath. ”You know John, maybe this is completely unrelated to whatever is going on between the two of you. But the reason I’m telling you this is that I’ve also noticed Sherlock acting differently, these last couple of weeks. And it seems to keep getting worse. Molly sees it as well, and as you know, she’s a lot more perceptive than me about these things.”
”Go ahead, ask ’im how we met. He was the one who got me out of jail. Was Christmas, just like now. Me ma and pa was, like, done with me, me brother too. Got jibbed. But Greg helped. He got me out, got me some proper scran, some new clobber even. And some time later, he got me a job.”
”Went back to London. I had a room at Montague Street back then. Spent the next seven weeks locked up in there, with my chemistry experiments. Victor tried to call, a number of times, but I guess…. I guess I didn’t.. pick up. I figured it would be better for them if I.. just… went away.”
,” Sherlock explained, and felt really pleased - surprised but pleased - that the group of children that had gathered around him actually seemed to have functioning listening capabilities. ”It works like a drinking straw of sorts. When the butterfly first emerge from the chrysalis, the proboscis is, actually, in two parts. So the first thing it has to do, is to assemble it into one working mouthpiece.”
Sherlock was silent for a while, and John didn’t really know what to say. He was quite uncomfortable talking about this, but his mind was spinning at the new possibilities. And right now, he was standing next to Sherlock. Next to him, so close their arms touched, and maybe he could even dare to-
“Really?” said Gabriel, apparently going for his very best public school accent. The way he said it, it sounded more like 'rarely', but John knew better than to care.
What the hell, John thought and in quick succession poured the first and second and third shot down his throat. Anna had just turned three months old, and was sleeping significantly better at night, which made it so much easier to leave Mary on her own with the baby for a night. He’d have to make it up to her tomorrow though, but it was worth it. It was just nice to be out, chatting and laughing with his colleagues like old times.
“Never? Not with anyone? Not even this?” he couldn't help but ask, but regretted it when he saw the pink flush on Sherlock's cheeks intensify.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything because, really, what is there to say to this? He’s used to people assuming this about him, but still wonders why the idea of him having physical needs like everybody else is so far-fetched. Is he really that strange, that odd? Impossible to love, or even sleep with?
He walks into the kitchen, then stops. Where to begin? The mess here is even worse; microscope and other equipment together with stuff and more stuff.
As Mrs Holmes is about to turn the page again, Sherlock abruptly reaches over the table, puts his hand on the album.
He quickly removed the condom and then lay down on the bed, put an arm and a leg around Sherlock and pulled him close. They were both panting, their chests rising and falling in tandem.
He got back, but this time, instead of lying down on his side again, he sat up on his knees, positioned himself between John’s legs. He had a silvery foil packet pinched between his right index and middle finger, held it up to John, raised an eyebrow.
He was sitting on the plane, not even bothering to fight the tears any longer, watching John Watson turn into a small dot on the ground below.
John looked at him and smiled. Sherlock got up to reach for the thermos, then abruptly sat back down again.
”Sweetheart. I know you will have a great time at Mummy’s, as soon as you get there. There will be a fun party, with nice people you know, and I'm sure you'll get to stay up as late as you want - it’s New Year’s Eve, remember?”
He’s still so hard it hurts. He turns on the tap to drown out the sound, then pushes his pyjama pants down to his thighs. With his chin lowered, resting against his chest, he takes himself in hand, sets a furious pace. Recalls how John’s cock felt against his leg… A shiver shoots down his spine.
So much that had changed since then. Now, John had asked if he could stay, and there was nothing there to come in the way of that. John was free to stay, and Sherlock was, he realized, free to let himself bask in the undisturbed happiness that came from that knowledge.
”Mmm. Just a bit.” John studies him, thoughtfully. Still trembles. They’re approaching the hotel now, almost there. Maybe Sherlock shouldn’t be left alone. He’s clearly had a bit of a shock, and given his history… but then again, who is John to barge in after five long years and impose himself on Sherlock, just like nothing happened?
Fueled by the alcohol still buzzing in his blood, clouding his judgement, John put the key in the lock and turned.
Living alone, and then in the army, he obviously hadn’t been doing a lot of cooking, but at Baker Street with Sherlock, he had enjoyed taking it up again. At first he had slavishly followed his tried and tested recipes, then eventually trying out new ones, and later getting confident enough to start improvising on his own.
“But then what!” Sherlock had a deep furrow between his eyebrows now, annoyance radiating from his eyes. “Why would I be so bloody different!”
John focused back on the rising tension in his body, the tingling excitement, the intense feeling of Sherlock's –
”What am I, a nursery school project? Want some glitter as well?” Sherlock still keeps his eyes shut, but for the first time this night, John can see the corners of his mouth raising ever so slightly.
”Still here,” Sherlock says. He’s taken his hand away from his face now, is leaning forward in his chair. ”Ten.”
If Mary was going to, perhaps, throw him out, well it wouldn't be all bad, would it. Could actually be a bit convenient that the final decision had been hers. He figured that with some effort, he'd still be able to see Anna several times a week. And when she was just a little bit older, she could stay with him overnight, as well. Maybe Mrs. Lerner could be persuaded to take on more hours.
”Still some fascinating gaps in the knowledge of bees, though. Sometimes I think studying them would be.. not so different from my work here. Bit less straining, though, perhaps.”
”We’re definitely too old for this, Sherls,” Gabe had grunted as they were making their way out into the bright daylight, throats dry and splitting headaches forming. ”Not twenty-four anymore. I feel like shit!” He sighed, and put on the pair of sunglasses he had been clutching in his hand. ”Good Lord how I wish I hadn’t run into The Wanker! God, what was I thinking.”
Sherlock’s voice, the hot hardness of his dick in John’s hand; the sight of him, disheveled and sweaty, naked and turned on below him; it takes John’s arousal to another level. His body is taking command, brain on autopilot, the only thing that exists now is this very moment.
”What the hell!” he heard Gabriel shouting, then noticed him coming after, trying to grab ahold of John. He pushed him away with a hard shoulder, saw him actually losing his balance and tumble to the ground.
They stood like that for a long moment, Sherlock looking at John, John just staring out into nothing. Then John lowered his face into his left hand, and Sherlock’s heart almost stopped when he realised that John was crying.
Sherlock found himself lying on his back in his bed, with his open shirt flowing out on his sides. John was sitting on top of him, straddling his thighs, but was leaning over enough to keep kissing.
John's heart rate increased as he let his eyes roam, searching for those dark curls somewhere in the crowd. He intensely hoped that bloke wouldn’t be there, because if he was, John didn’t think he’d be able to face them.
This was exactly what everyone on his list had raised concerns about. Most, only as a vague hint; some, like Dr. Riyat, as a blunt question. Sherlock had argued, every time, tried to make them see that John wouldn’t do that to him. Tried to explain the kind of wonderful, unique sort of person that John really was. They had still seemed wary.
”God,” Sherlock gasps as John begins to stroke him, matching the pace of his thrusts. ”God, John, God-”
”For what?” Sherlock manages to get out, fairly calmly, even though on the inside, he’s balancing between panic and happiness.
Cannot resist any longer. He sneaks a hand down in between them, presses it against John’s groin. Finds his cock rock hard beneath the fabric of his trousers. Rubs his palm along it; and
From across the table, Greg reached out to turn the recorder off, sighed heavily. “I keep wondering if we should have seen it coming.”
”There’s nothing to be sorry about,” John said softly. ”But I have to ask. Are you regretting this? Did I, eh, force you to do things you didn’t want to do? Because if I did, yeah, that probably makes me the worst-”
A strong gust of wind hit John with snow and small icy particles, cutting into the skin on his face, as he stepped out on the sidewalk outside the clinic. It was six o’clock already and he realized that if he wanted to sleep in his own bed tonight, there was only one thing for him to do. He started to walk.
Two blissful hours later, he was awakened by Gabriel pressing against him from behind. Sherlock made room for Gabe’s erection between his thighs, flexed his gracilis muscles and was rewarded with a fist around his own hardness. Gabe was whispering his usual stream of I love you’s when he was about to climax, and Sherlock, as usual, did not respond to this.
Abruptly, Sherlock let go of his cock and sat up on the bed, kicked around to untangle the duvet from his feet. John raised his head further up to see what was going on, and saw Sherlock rummaging around in the drawer of his bedside table.
John smiled to see Luigi himself, round bellied proprietor and gourmand de luxe, standing in front of him in his white apron and blue hair net.
”I-” John began. ”That was amazing.” John was smiling but there was something else there, Sherlock couldn’t tell what but there was definitely something a bit not good.
Considers what to say. Realises it’s probably pointless to pretend to sleep, would only result in John trying to wake him up.
Sometimes, he had imagined John coming home late one night, slightly pissed after another date gone bad. He would simply walk into Sherlock’s bedroom, climb into his bed, crawl on all fours on top of him. He’d tuck his face in Sherlock’s neck, mumblingly ask for permission to kiss him, and Sherlock would whisperingly give it-
At this he pictured Sherlock moaning, remembering the sounds he had made last night.  He took his erection in his hand, leaning back against the cool tiles in the shower.
His eyes had immediately detected Sherlock, sitting slouched down in his usual chair, head leaned back against the backrest, eyes half closed, arms slung loosely behind his head, and oh fucking hell was this really happening. Because in front of Sherlock, kneeled down on the rug, was another man, his forearms bracing on Sherlock’s thighs, his head bent down, moving slightly. And there was no way for John to misunderstand what he was observing.
Had thought it better not to say anything at all, rather than to risk tangling himself up in a complicated web of unspoken expectations that would surely come back to bite him at some point.
John had expected to find Sherlock standing around somewhere, observing. What he had not in a million years expected, however, was this.
Uses the surge of adrenaline to flip them over; has Sherlock flat on his back in no time. Holds his wrists in a firm grip above his head, sits on top of him to anchor his legs. Sherlock is struggling, giggling. The sound of his laughter fills John’s heart with so much warmth it might melt.
“I'll drink to your freedom, though,” Sherlock said and held up his tumbler with a dangerously swaying hand.
John smiles again, a hint of sadness in his eyes this time though. Difficult for him to be reminded of Sherlock’s.. well.
”I agree. He’s pulled through remarkably well. Your brother is going to be alright, this time too,” the other unidentified voice said.
John says something Sherlock can’t hear, again, and then he can’t hear what Caroline says, either, and maybe that’s because it’s very difficult to focus now. His cheeks are burning, although the humiliation is not the worst thing about all this, not by far.
They were both silent for a while, John kept stroking his hair, and Sherlock had his arm around John's chest. John drew his breath again, got ready to say something more.
And when Gabe had shown up in his life again, he had, for the first time in years, started to experience occasional days without a single painful thought of John. It was a powerful thing, being loved by someone.
John looked at Sherlock and was taken aback by how beautiful he was. The colored lights were playing across his face, over his pale skin. His dark hair had some kind of product in it, it was gleaming and John wanted to touch it. They were standing so close to each other that their arms were touching, and John could feel the scent of
”I met Victor about halfway into my first year at college. As you might guess, I wasn’t the most sociable of students. Was always rather fond of moping in my room and working on my own little methods. And although I took both fencing and boxing, I wasn’t a part of that athletic group, either. Mostly kept to myself.”
When Sherlock comes, he holds up his other hand to catch the ejaculate, bites his lower lip hard to keep himself quiet. His entire body is trembling. He tries to calm his pounding heart, tries to catch his breath. Avoids to look into the mirror. Washes his hands carefully, then pulls up his pyjama pants. He sits down on the toilet lid for a moment, covers his face with his hands.
Sherlock had a soft spot for red wine, but was careful not to drink too much. He strongly disliked being drunk and usually did his best to avoid it. If he wanted to escape, he much preferred the cleaner effect he could get from other substances.
”It’s gaping a bit, and still bleeding.” John pokes around the edges, moves around wet locks of hair. ”Got any superglue?”
Maybe in a way, he'd always known this was going to happen. At least, on some level, he'd always wanted it to. He'd just never known it was a possibility.
”He looks younger in real life,” said Mary, turning to Charlotte, they were both all giddy and giggling.
Being asked to give reasons, logical explanations for his emotions was still the most difficult thing Sherlock knew. He realized he had to try hard, though, if he wanted to have any chance of fixing this.
“He saved me, Sherlock. If it hadn't been for Mycroft and his connections, Lord only knows how long this shit would have taken.”
Doesn’t take long, though, for that feeling to shift into something else; heavier, darker. John will bring lunch, which obviously is a very nice turn of events, one in a long string since last night when they suddenly found themselves face to face on a crowded pavement.
What he said in the car is true. It’s unreal to be standing there, in Baker Street, with Sherlock again. And at the same time, it’s like coming home. Like finally being able to exhale. He looks at Sherlock, this amazing man that John had the privilege of getting close to- and then losing it, once and then once again.
”Why haven’t you returned any of my calls? I’ve tried like mad to get ahold of you.” He was wearing a military green fleece jacket that Sherlock recognised, knew it was old, worn. Knew how it smelled, knew how it felt to touch.
”You’re insufferable!” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes dramatically. ”If you hadn’t been laughing all the time, it would have been a whole lot easier for me to penetrate you!”
”Before… Before I met you,” Sherlock said, quietly. ”I didn’t know it was possible to miss someone so much that one could feel it physically.” He was still looking down. ”When you were gone, John. It was like a part of me was missing, too.”
”He said he’d gotten you out of a drug den? You know I didn’t believe it for a second, but, what did he mean? Because that’s just ridiculous? Right?”
“I'm sorry, I don't mean – it's just – it's just that someone with your looks-” John still had his hand on Sherlock's dick, but he had stopped the motion and felt it gradually soften. It was unfortunate to break the mood, but this was a conversation that he needed to get out of the way before he could take it any further.
As the first hint of daylight finds its way through the windows, John stops. He lets his eyes travel across the kitchen. Everything has been cleaned, dried and placed in its right place. The mess has been divided into two piles of keep and throw away, neatly stacked in a corner, John’s pretty sure he’s got everything right. He’s wiped down all the surfaces with the disinfectant he found in the cupboard, even swiped the floor. Pleased, he tip-toes in to use the loo, then goes to lie down in the sofa again. This time, sleep comes instantly.
”Well, if you’re sure.” John took a last sip from his mug, put it down on the table. It was just so damn hard, sitting in front of Sherlock, the still not quite healed wound a constant reminder of what John did and all the lines that, in his self-righteous rage, he had crossed. Had to get out, just had to.
”Um.” He tries to gather his thoughts enough to answer. ”Nothing, sweetheart, I just came to think of something-”
As their kisses deepened, their bodies were starting to move. They were swaying into each other in the same rhythm, and John relaxed, allowing his instincts take over. He needed more, and got up to lie on top of Sherlock, supporting his weight on his elbows. When their hard dicks bumped together for the first time, both he and Sherlock let out some sort of primitive groans.
They sit down on the third row from the altar. Mummy’s to his left, John is to his right and they’re sitting so close that John’s thigh is pressing into his own. He needs to distract himself from that sensation, otherwise this will not go well.
”Can’t think of anything I want more, honestly,” he said, his voice not really holding any real strength. ”I just don’t want to rush-”
Right beside him is Sherlock. John takes a closer look; yes, Sherlock is shaking. ”Damn it,” Sherlock sputters out, getting up from the ground, brushing wet gravel from his hands.
It’s so nice, so warm to be under the duvet and so close to John. He allows himself to relax. ”Obvious.”
It had taken much longer than expected to make his escape from the clinic. John's phone had kept ringing and colleagues knocking on his door, with lots of, ”Do you have a minute?” and ”Just real quick before you leave.”
”And I was waiting for them to show up, but they didn’t. And then I thought they were never going to.”
”I love you,” he said again, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine. He tightened his grip around John, squeezed him hard against his own naked body.
Eventually, Sherlock grabbed the back of John's thighs in a firm grip and pulled, causing John to fall back down onto the bed, lying down on his back with a pillow under his head. He was getting so very close now, and Sherlock took over again, sucked him hard with a steady pace, one hand around the base of his cock, the other gently holding his balls.
“Oh fuck, Sherlock.“ John growled. “Fuck, I'm not going to last if you say things like that.” He leaned in to kiss him, deep, sloppily, and there was an urgency present between them now.
A long stretch of silence follows. So much to think about. Too much. All that’s happened since last night, perhaps it’s taking its toll. His eyes feel heavy. Head still spinning from too much wine consumed, he feels it more now when everything around him has gone quiet.
He felt like a strong drink would be a welcome addition to the table right now. He exhaled, tried to breathe away some of the nervous tension from his shoulders. When he turned to look at Sherlock, he saw that he was still frozen, appearing quite worried.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes wide and uncomprehending. “I don't keep a spreadsheet,” he said in a quiet voice.
And then, Sherlock could feel John’s nose and mouth touching the back of his neck, just below his hair line. Not kissing, just skimming.
Whereas Sherlock had a unique type of beauty, the man next to him was good looking in a more conventional way. His face was clean shaven, with high cheekbones and an angular jaw. His smile had a boyish charm to it, small dimples forming at his cheeks, and revealed a set of perfectly straight, white teeth.
“Sherlock, just, let's not,” he had sighed heavily, and Sherlock had noticed the signs of John starting to get all worked up again.
He rushed into Sherlock's bedroom, found it empty, the bed unmade, the curtains drawn. Just last night, John had been lying here, flush to Sherlock's practically naked body. Their arms and legs had been all tangled up together in a perfect fit, the room steeped in a fuzzy warmth. Now, it was like a different place, abandoned and cold, and John's throat felt tight.
Walking in the darkness of the night, through the park, on the trails that he knew by heart, so close to Sherlock - it was like it was yesterday. They immediately clicked together, fell into their old ways - of talking, relating, joking, teasing, discussing. As he strode in synchronized pace with Sherlock, John thought that they could probably have been separated for decades and yet been able to pick up where they’d last left it, just like that. Still, he was very grateful for the fact that it hadn’t have to come to that.
He leaned forward and grabbed Sherlock's legs, placed them on his shoulders. They felt heavy and densely muscular; so different from the women he'd been with. And he loved it. He bent over and kissed Sherlock's red, swollen lips. Sherlock reached up and wrapped his arms around John's back, stroked his hair and his neck.
He would yield himself completely. For once in his life, he would do exactly as people told him to. Maybe they would know things about life that he so obviously didn’t.
Likes comic books and drinks ecological beer. Most recent holiday was a weekend trip to Brooklyn, New York. Writes poetry and goes to obscure music festivals with his friends. Lives with a girlfriend in a boring suburbian apartment building-
Clearly, John had not anticipated this move, because he moans audibly into the room, a pained ’Ah!’, which causes Sherlock to giggle into John’s shoulder.
The guy straightened up a bit and then got up on his feet. For a moment, John felt sick with fear, thinking he had been discovered and that the guy would be heading towards the door.
John takes in the sight of Sherlock: wet messy hair, wet bloodstained shirt. Trousers covered with something that looks like mud. He’s sitting slumped down on the toilet lid in this old, small bathroom, there are dark blue circles underneath his eyes. John thinks that he looks so… lost. Vulnerable and defensive, young and old, weak and strong; all in a great big jumble.
“But you know what John, I don't have the fucking energy to do this right now. And I can see you're refusing to do your share. As always, I could add.”
John leaned back in his seat, combat mode now fully activated. Without planning to, he heard himself speak.
”He doesn’t want me to. That’s the only reason. Otherwise, rest assured there would be nothing in this world that could stop me.” Oh fuck. The worst part of it all was that it was true.
”So, how’s Gabriel?” he asked, forcing his face into something he hoped would be perceived as friendly.
”In about an hour and a half,” said John. ”We’ve got time to sit here for a little while longer. I need to get my strength back. Besides, it’s really beautiful out here today, not counting the mess.” He looked around the garden.
”The negotiator just pissed the guy off,” he says, turned to Sally. ”So now he’s hung up, refuses to pick up again.”
John felt nauseated, he couldn’t speak. Deep inside him, Mycroft’s words unfortunately rang all too true.
”Sherlock had taken the dog out to play, even though we’d told him not to. It was late afternoon, in the winter, getting dark already. The car didn’t have a chance to see that dog before it was too late. Poor thing, there was nothing the vet could do to save him. He had to be put down.”
”…and if she wakes up, I don’t think she will but if she does, try bringing her here, she likes the sound of the telly, but please keep the volume fairly low. And I will have my phone at hand the entire time - did I give you John’s number? Okay, good.”
John got a strong impulse to just walk up to him and run his fingers through his hair. Beautiful, he thought. So goddamn beautiful.
John closed his eyes and decided to try again. He pushed harder and this time, Sherlock's body yielded to the pressure. The head of John's very hard dick was inside Sherlock, and he held himself absolutely still for a moment. Sherlock had arched his back and cried out, a short, stuttered sound that could have been from pain or from pleasure – most likely both, John figured.
”Yes, I believe I do,” he said, and then added in a mumbling voice, his eyes fixed firmly on the checkered table cloth, ”I just don’t want you to think I’m not taking it seriously. Because I really am.”
“I am so sorry I can't love you the way you want me to, or the way you deserve. But if you'll let me, I would be honored to be your friend.”
Mrs Holmes replies without looking at him. ”Sherlock, stop muttering and go check on your uncle, will you. I think he needs some help again.”
Sherlock had been holding onto his head, his fingers in his hair, but now he moved and squeezed his arms in between them, and John realized he was trying to unbutton his shirt. He sat up a bit to help. Sherlock impatiently pulled the shirt off him, and then let his large hands roam over John’s chest and shoulders.
He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, moved it in large circles over the soft skin. Sherlock let his right hand roam over John’s thighs, momentarily coming up to make a fist around his cock, stroked once or twice, then kept moving over his hipbones, his stomach, his arse.
“Let it go, John. We're getting off track.” John sat back again, leaned his head against the back of the chair. The scotch was really starting to hit him now. He felt the room spinning slightly.
”Come off it, will you! You always do this. It’s impossible to have a decent conversation with you. Why can’t you discuss this with me like a normal person?”
Sherlock felt a rush of panic. He thought that he probably should reply in a good way, a nice way, but couldn’t stop himself.
But he didn’t. No, he was very careful not to write anything that would be too emotionally charged. But later, much later, when this night was nothing but a memory, and he was lying awake in a different bed, in a different flat, John would wonder if maybe he should have. Wonder how things would have turned out if he had.
”Jail, s’not so bad. Not compared to living ou’ere, in the street.” When the kid doesn’t reply, Sherlock continues.
On those nights, he would allow the memories of John to flood him, just for a while. Nobody would know, so he was allowed.
John recognized the shaky rage of the cocaine high. John stood back, trying to regain his composure.
”John, I’ve been meaning to ask, but by the time you get home I’m so tired and then I just forget. I’m sorry I’m not really being a good wife these days. But have you talked to Sherlock recently?”
John smiles. “Mmm. I know. But you are-” He stops himself from finishing the sentence, and Sherlock doesn’t ask.
”This Saturday, I am going to get Anna at ten o’clock, just like I said. And you are going to get dressed, and then you are going to come meet up with me. And then, we are all going to the Butterfly exhibit at the National History Museum, and we are going to have a nice lunch there afterwards. And if you do all that, without bitching and complaining about it until my ears fall off, I’ll take Anna back to Mary in the evening, and we can go out for dinner as we had planned. And that’s how it’s going to be.”
What the hell was all that about? He had gotten one chance with John, one fantastic opportunity, and he’d ruined it in the worst possible way.
He stood up from the sofa, too hasty, his leg bumped into the sofa table and caused the glasses there to wobble precariously for a second. Thankfully they didn’t tip over. He was careful not to meet John’s eyes.
And John thought that was exactly how it felt. Sherlock was his missing piece. He hadn’t always known it, no. Had been swept off his feet at their very first meeting, but not been able to acknowledge it, not even to himself.
Due to John’s newfound fervour, the headboard of the bed was starting to slam into the wall. John let go of his legs and, still deep inside of Sherlock, reached for one of the pillows, propped it between the wall and the bed. Sherlock must have been smiling, because John looked at him and did the same.
”Sherlock-” Sally says, almost pleading. ”Sherlock, listen, he’s right, you have no experience with this kind of-”
Gabriel watched him for a moment, then suddenly widened his eyes. ”Oh my god!” he exclaimed. ”You.. you never realised!” He was shaking his head, a look of amazement spreading across his face.
”You seem to have forgotten who you’re dealing with here, honey.” She straightened her back, rolled her shoulders for a second.
It was chilly, definitely more than a hint of autumn in the air, and John thought that it might begin to rain in a while. The park was practically empty, apart from the occasional fellow dog walker or random person; empty, quiet and peaceful.
Close to midnight, John walked into the bathroom and got himself ready for the night. He thought of the many times he had been in there with Sherlock, attending to the injury of the day. Sherlock, always the reckless one.
Even though he’s still hiding his face in John’s chest, he can feel John hesitating. A question, withheld. Sherlock waits.
”I’m sorry Mary, but I just don't feel the way I ought to,” he had said. ”I think you deserve better.”
”John,” Sherlock is eventually capable to produce. From the outside he can hear his own voice, it sounds strange, strangled.
John groans, and Sherlock closes his eyes, lets himself melt into the sensory input and the images John’s words provokes.
Gabe had a point, Sherlock thought, in that many of those around him treated him like less than capable. It made him want to more of the things he knew provoked them.
He tried to block the thought, but couldn't do it fully. What had happened during the night? Mrs. Hudson had said it was really bad. What if the doctors hadn't been able to- NO!
“Yeah well,” John said sternly, “you're not exactly my dream date, either, so don't flatter yourself. I do however think you’ll want to hear what I have to say. I suggest you come with me now before I change my mind.”
”Redbeard,” Mrs Holmes says, softly. John looks at Sherlock, who appears to be completely immersed in the photograph.
If – no! when! - Sherlock would come home, John would make sure he never even had a reason to turn to drugs again. He would do anything, he realized. Anything!
John raised an eyebrow, and was pleased to notice how Sherlock wasn't completely able to take this as the teasing joke that it so obviously was. John walked up to Sherlock and took the bag out of his hands. As he did, he let his hand briefly stroke over Sherlock's arm, just to reconnect and confirm their new status.
”Yes… yes she was. Poor girl. I heard it hasn’t gone so well for her, in life. Struggling with her mental health, I’ve gathered… But we had such fun, that day. Do you remember it, Mycroft?”
”Sherlock!” she squealed, ”what a lovely surprise!” She leaped up and kissed his cheek, then sat back down again. ”It’s been ages!”
Rapidly begins to unbutton John’s shirt; top three buttons and then grabs the tails and pulls it over his head. Stares. John is running his hands along Sherlock’s sides, then to the back of his thighs, his arse.
”For Christ’s sake, John!” Mike had spoken up at lunch one day, surprising him with an unusual level of frustration in his normally so mild tone. ”You’ve really got to get your act together. It’s been a year, and honestly, no one is going to do it for you. This job is just what you need, I’m telling you.”
Outside King’s Cross it’s close to chaos, and it takes John a good half hour to get a hold of a taxi. The collective buzz of New Year’s Eve is vibrating in the crowd, people everywhere, dressed up and on their way out into the London night. His shoulders drop a bit as he inhales the scent, takes in the well known sounds. This is home, always has been, will always be. He walks for a couple of minutes before finally managing to hail a car.
What if he'd realized sooner? Before his wedding. Before the fall. That first night, at Angelo's... he'd felt it, and even though he was rarely attracted to men, that had been one of those times. Instant attraction, strong, intense. But Sherlock had shot him down and after that, well... perhaps he should have been more open for signs of a change of heart. He'd just never thought-
He watched him sitting across the table. Eating. He was actually eating. And he was so close that John could reach out his hand and touch his cheek if he wanted to. He did want to. Christ, help me, he thought in a silent plea, even though he wasn’t particularly religious.
John was unsure of what to do next. Despite what Sherlock had said, he still had a nagging fear that this was going too fast. But standing there with Sherlock, who was already half naked in front of him, he just didn’t have it in himself to stop now. He put his hands on Sherlock’s hips, squeezed the sharp hipbones, heard himself making some sort of sound.
”John,” said Sherlock, after they had been staring at each other for seconds that had felt like an eternity. And then he smiled. Broke out in a big, unshielded, teethy grin, and John was completely floored.
“Good,” he said, trying to keep a pleasant enough tone. “Thank you for not making this even more difficult than it already is.” He searched for her eyes, pleading.
Sherlock, of course, ducked down with perfect timing, allowing John to block the attack and then knock the guy to the ground with a tightly controlled fist. The three friends who came running against them turned out to be just as easy to fend off, and it was over as quickly as it had begun.
John realized that while he was stunned by the first fact, he was not at all surprised by the latter, no really it was more like a confirmation of something he had intuitively understood but not been willing to think about.
John suddenly moved both his hands down to grasp at Sherlock’s shirt. In a rapid motion, he pulled the tucked shirt out from the trousers, let his hands glide in beneath his shirt. Sherlock was overwhelmed by the sensation of John’s hot hands stroking his naked skin, up and down his flanks, thumbs reaching out to brush over his nipples.
John looked up, caught Sherlock's eye, gave his cock a couple of decisive strokes. Sherlock moved his body to every little thing; John thought it was amazing to see how incredibly responsive he was.
Sherlock was pushing his hips hard against John, feeling like perhaps he was going to come just from this. His cock was pressed hard against his own stomach, absolutely leaking at this point, still achingly untouched.
But no, he decided, there was too much specific sensory information for this to be a product of the mind, and he could taste the wine on John’s tongue, and he could feel the edge of the counter on the back of his thighs, as John pressed his upper body against his.
At first, Mary had just stood up. Without saying a word, she'd walked out into the kitchen. John could hear the tap running, and the clinking of porcelain as she put her cup into the dishwasher.
He sees John processing the implication of his reply, lots of different reactions manifesting ever so briefly in his facial expressions, and then, John turns his head away but not before Sherlock can notice a shadow of a smile lingering at the corners of his mouth.
”I haven’t accepted, of course, I’d never- But I just thought- Most of my friends are still there, and Rosie knows quite a few of their kids as well, you know, and I was just thinking that you've never really seemed to like it here, and maybe-”
“No we don't. I'm clean and I'm sure you are too. Can't you just use saliva? John, I need you, I need you right now.”
of your divorce, and to the lawyers, and to all and sundry tonight. But I refuse to be dragged down to the point of toasting Mycroft.”
”Is there anything you’d like to ask me, before I get started on some questions for you?” Dr. Riyat said.
, John’s cock is at least the size he’s estimated. Maybe even a quarter of an inch more in circumference. He tries to wrap his fist around it, as much as he reasonably can, given the barrier of the trousers.
”Is there any coffee left?” Caroline strolls into the kitchen, pours herself a cup, then comes to sit down across from him. ”God, I don’t think I can ever eat again.” She reaches to undo the top button of her black skirt. ”Sorry, just couldn’t breathe.”
”Cute as a button,” Caroline smiles. ”Five is such a lovely age. Old enough to have proper conversations, young enough to let you cuddle them.”
John's attention was fixed one hundred percent on Sherlock and his responses to this question. He was, to be honest, dying to know. This was something he had been wondering about since the very first day that they met, never coming even remotely as close to an answer as he was right this second.
“No, of course not,” he interrupted, and tried to look as if he meant it. “That would be ridiculous. Of course he should come. He's welcome to come in, too, if you want to invite him up,” said John, intensely praying that wouldn't happen.
”John, I’m very sorry,” he mumbled to his neck, unable to meet his eyes. ”Terrible shagging etiquette, that.” He felt absolutely mortified.
Once or twice a week, he and Mary would have dinner together in the evening, but usually he would arrange it so that they’d take turns with Anna while the other person was off doing something else.
”Since when do you care about what people think?” asked John, confused. He didn’t withdraw his hand.
The Commander’s face turns a dark shade of red, small beads of sweat appearing on his temples, but he actually backs off again, stands there with his arms crossed.
John was a hard working and persistent man, refusing to be defeated. It was those traits that had made him so successful in the army, as well. John Watson was not one to give up.
But to see it in print, right below Sherlock’s full name and date of birth, was surreal. He kept on reading.
, John’s cock is pressed almost flat against his stomach. Foreskin completely retracted to reveal the blunt head, shiny and flushed red. Sherlock’s mouth waters, needs to swallow.
“Oh,” he said, a teasing smile on his lips. He wanted to make Sherlock squirm, wanted it badly. It was his turn now.
So what, John tried to tell himself. Although he couldn't do anything about Sherlock's past, he could possibly affect his future. And what he wanted, without any doubt now, was to make sure Sherlock never kissed anyone else but him. Not ever again. The strength of this feeling surprised him, but it was what it was. That was how he felt.
”You know,” said Sherlock, ”really, you should be the one responsible for getting this place back in order, since all of this was your idea in the first place.”
They ordered food and drinks, and after a while, the waitress returned with a bread basket, some olive oil and sea salt, as well as the two glasses of red wine that they had ordered. Sherlock suddenly got a worried expression on his face.
Two hours until he’s picking up Rosie from the birthday party, and he’s not sure if that time spent alone with his own thoughts is for better or worse. Maybe it doesn’t matter. It’s impossible to find a way to stop rehashing, regardless.
Sherlock pulled away again, but still had his hands on John’s hips. He looked up again, those dark eyes meeting John’s.
John is talking. Sherlock feels paralysed, his thoughts scattered around like shards from a broken glass, dropped on the floor. John.
Gabriel looked away, sighed. Sherlock thought briefly about the experiment he wanted to get started back at Baker Street. He should probably try to pick up a few supplies on the way back. Pig eyes. They were remarkably similar to human eyes, would do for this particular thing. Maybe the butcher would have some to give him. They were usually very accommodating.
There was really nothing strange at all with having your best mate over to your house, meeting your wife and newborn baby. The most normal thing in the world, actually. And yet he somehow had felt guilty, like showing off his family was hurting Sherlock.
John takes off his jacket, hangs it up, then takes another look around the room. Oh Sherlock. How did this happen? John gets that familiar twisting feeling in his stomach again.
“Mycroft, I-” John searched for words and for courage, fought the goddamn tears that were burning in his eyes.
“Sherlock!” he whispered, fully turned away from the people around him. His eyes were shining, and Sherlock thought that hearing his name in John’s voice, was a more beautiful sound than any music ever composed.
They are in the car, together, and Sherlock is not on his way to a certain death in Eastern Europe, and if miracles do, in fact and against all logic, happen, then this must surely be one.
Sherlock stopped the up and down motion and for a moment, he just held the top of his dick in his mouth. Their eyes met again, John shivered, then yelped out loud again as Sherlock let his pointed tongue start to flicker over the frenulum.
Oh, if John could skip the teasing part and just hurry up! Sherlock was getting really impatient for what surely was to come. It was amazing, really, how good John had gotten with his mouth, in such a short amount of time. He didn't seem to mind at all, this whole concept of having a dick in his mouth, and for that Sherlock was most grateful.
”Do you do this on purpose, Sherlock? Pretend not to hear me, when I say things you don’t like?” Furrow between his eyes, restricted pupils. Angry, upset.
John’s warm, fuzzy mood appeared to have carried over into the sex, because Sherlock had never before felt him this overwhelmingly affectionate.
”Please, just let me, for a little while,” he breathed. Sherlock obliged and relaxed into the bed, focused on John’s hands - oh! - John’s mouth - stroking and kissing him over his neck, shoulders, chest.
”Careful, I’m driving!” Sherlock yells, but John can see in the rear view mirror that the corners of his mouth are pulled up, eyes shining. It makes John smile, too. Oh how he’s missed him.
Gabe was so uncomplicated, so blissfully free from dark moods and anxiety. Easy to like.To love, even? Recently, Sherlock had begun to consider that possibility more. Now he was on a plane heading east. Clueless of what Sherlock was contemplating to do. Would react strongly if he knew. First angry, then hurt. Probably cry.
”Are you drunk? High?” John moves his hand reflexively to put his fingers on Sherlock’s pulse point below his jaw, then pulls back abruptly when his fingers come into contact with the all too well-known warm stickiness.
They are not looking at each other, but John has caught up now, is walking right next to him. They keep a quick pace, their shoes making a creaking sound as they tread on the snow. Above them, the sky is clouded, no stars visible. On both sides of the road, now, dense, silent forest.
“God, Sherlock, what happened? I didn't see you get hit.” John felt terribly bad for having started it, especially since Sherlock had asked him not to. Still, he couldn't see how he could possibly have let them get away with their offensive behaviour.
And once again, John felt himself go into that strange, emotionally disconnected mode. His pulse normalized, so did his breathing. It was almost like he was removed from himself, watching from the outside.
Sherlock’s breath hitched, his body froze. John knew that Sherlock’s mind was racing. His eyes were distant, he looked shocked and, well, scared.
This act between two individuals. Bodily demands without any logic. Ridiculous, and so pathetically primitive. So how come it could feel so intensely profound?
Sherlock looked like he wanted to sink through the floor, and honestly, John wanted to do the exact same thing at this point.
And then he had returned, and John had greeted him with a push to the floor, right on those fresh wounds on his back, and followed up with a headbutt to break his nose.
”John,” Sherlock murmurs into his ear, voice low; the moist air and warmth sending a spike of arousal down his spine. ”What do you think about South Downs?”
”I understand this must all seem crazy to you, Sherlock, and that the timing sucks. And I’m so sorry about that. But you know, I don’t think I realized until I, er, saw you in a, er, relationship.”
“John. I appreciate the gesture, but I really don't care to discuss this with you. It doesn’t even matter anymore. It was quite enough to come home to learn that Sherlock apparently is a heroin junkie!” He shook his head in disbelief.
The tension in the room vanishes as soon as Sherlock’s confirmation is spoken. Everybody probably just assumes-
Could not stand lying there, naked in every sense of the word. Hearing John’s excuses, hearing his rejection.
But this was John, and John was obviously hurting a great deal. And Sherlock was the only other person there, so he had to say something.
Strangely enough, John didn’t seem angry or disgusted with him. Or maybe he was just too nice to show it, being a good doctor and all.
After a minute of just standing outside the electronics store, he got the phone back out of his pocket. He desperately wanted to contact Sherlock. Just something, anything. A brief message to let him know that he was thinking about him, wanted to be there for him.
”I think you’re amazing,” John blurted out, then felt embarrassed, it wasn’t meant to come out sounding quite so swooning. He tried to cover it up.
Had expected to wake up with John. Had just assumed he’d be there, right next to him. Smiling, reassuring. But- what if-
Sherlock had frozen in place, statue-like almost. John waited for a while for Sherlock’s response, but there was none. He was just standing there, immobile.
Sherlock looks up, and John feels a strange mix of warmth and worry in his chest as their eyes meet.
”Yes.” Sherlock begins to slowly rock his hips, and John meets him gently. Feels his cock sliding deeper inside with every soft, rocking motion.
John stops moving, just keeps his fingers in place inside of him; bends over to kiss him. Sherlock grabs his head with both hands, holds him there for a long time as they keep kissing. Breaks the kiss to look at Sherlock’s face, sees heavy bedroom eyes and flushed cheeks.
John walked closer until he found himself standing on the sidewalk right across the flat. He looked up the windows facing the street, and saw that there were some lights on in the sitting room. Sherlock was home, and although it was late, John knew for certain that this man hardly ever went to sleep before three or four o'clock in the mornings.
And surely Sherlock must have noticed his gaze, when it stuck for the tenth time that evening on his neck, or on the skin of his chest, bared where the two top buttons were undone.
He was fully aware that this time, he wouldn’t be coming back. No need to concern John with that information, he and Mycroft had both agreed. But one thing Sherlock knew he couldn’t do, and that was to part without ever having said it.
Sherlock let his hands to move over John’s back and neck, and was once again hit with how unreal it all felt, being allowed to touch John in this way and to be touched back.
And for the first time, Sherlock felt John’s cock, felt his length hot against his thigh. John was rock hard.
”If you’re quite sure,” he says, quietly, then turns to shuffle down the hallway. John hears the bathroom door close, and after a while, the toilet flush; then the high-pitched, squealing sound of the shower. The faucets seem to have gotten worse. I should fix that, John catches himself thinking before remembering that this is not his anymore.
. Racing pulse, dry mouth, trembling extremities, vertigo… Blood flow being redistributed to major muscle groups. Ancient, instinctual systems taking over. All ready to fight or flee, but fight whom, flee where? Traitorous, stupid body.
John decided to give up on the small talk. It was the first time in the entire evening that they had been alone. The time was now.
”What you seem to really suck at, though, is regulating your emotions,” Dr. Riyat said, matter-of-factly.
But not yet. It had been killing him, ever since that night in December. Over the time that had passed since then, he had tried to keep it out of his mind, but more often than not, hadn’t been able to. It had been a more or less constant source of agony, of pain, of restless days and sleepless nights. The fact that he hadn’t been free to tell Sherlock about his divorce.
“Lift,” he ordered, and Sherlock raised his ass from the bed as John slid the trousers down to his thighs, apparently careful to leave his pants untouched.
”Mostly, but not exclusively,” he replied. ”Nectar is primarily sugar, and as you know, you need other nutrients, too. Minerals, iron.. That’s why one can sometimes observe a butterfly drink from a mud puddle, as well. It’s called puddling. The male butterflies do that more than the female ones, because the males need to incorporate the minerals from the mud into their sperm.”
John leaned forward, very close into Sherlock's personal space, causing him to sit back as far as possible in his chair.
Sherlock hadn’t said a thing so far, but now he reached out his hand to say a brief hello, then resumed his oddly stiff posture, arms falling straight down, hands hanging limp. The blonde man also said hello to the thin woman and the friendly looking man with round glasses.
”You? You’re a hobby detective, what the hell makes you think you’d be qualified to negotiate? Officers train years for this, this ain’t no game!”
The tension was maddening now, he was pushing up, John was pushing down and their cocks slid in Sherlock's hand and it was so wet wet wet by now that no lubricant could have made it any more perfect.
A single drop of pre-cum trickled down from the glans of Sherlock's cock, made it's way down the shaft. On his belly, the skin was already wet and shining. John bent forward, reached out his tongue to let it meet the impossibly thin, soft skin of Sherlock's dick. He licked up the drop, reveled in the taste.
He notices John’s respiration change, quicken. He’s nervous, too, but he’s a soldier, after all. He’s braver than Sherlock, braver with words and emotions.
To leave a letter like that, would be the complete opposite of what he had promised Mycroft to do, and worse, what he had sworn to himself to protect Sherlock from.
“Doctor Watson only did what any good person should have done. We are all emergency physicians, and I think I speak for all of us when I say that it was the correct thing to do. We come from Tokyo, we're only here visiting for a few days, and Doctor Watson has been so very kind to offer to show us around the city and this beautiful park. Doctor Watson is a good man, sir, and we would hate for him to get into any trouble because of us.”
For reasons unknown, someone had put a flower garland of that Hawaiian type around Greg’s neck. He was wearing a white shirt and was grinning happily as he pulled John into a hug that almost squeezed the wind out of him.
”Mmm, it got infected. And yes, ten days was…. long. But Victor started to come by to see me. First, it was only for a minute’s chat or so, but soon, his visits grew longer. By the end of that term, we were- um. Close.”
John inhaled so audibly Sherlock could hear it from where he was standing, frozen in place by the door.
”God Sherlock, fuck, fuck-” he heard John groan. Sherlock tried with all his might to focus, because he didn’t want to miss this for the world.
It could all have ended last night. Ended right there, alone in a dark flat at Baker Street. Game over for Sherlock Holmes. He shuddered.
Then Sherlock noticed something that actually made his skin prickle, because he had never once seen a live specimen before. It had been at the top of his list, back then, as a little boy, and he could see now that it lived up to every one of his boyish expectations.
”Christ,” he whispers to himself, begins to move through the room. Absolutely everywhere are stacks of paper - printed articles, journals, newspapers, magazines, books - most of them covered in thick layers of dust. There are clothes, scattered around, and just - stuff, things, all over the floor and the table and- John’s heart sinks deeper when he notices the used plates and mugs, also seemingly just left where they happened to be; must have been piling up for quite some time given the amount of them.
By the time Gabriel had moved out of Baker Street and settled into his new flat in Knightsbridge, a month had passed and they were already so used to each other’s company that Sherlock had just sort of tagged along, without it ever being discussed.
And there, on the kitchen floor in the shiny new house that had never felt like home to John, Mary took his hand and told him her real name.
Not only more of this – the sex – but more of everything. Wanted to be close to Sherlock in everything in life, indefinitely. He hoped with all his being that Sherlock felt the same.
What were the odds of John actually leaving Mary? Leaving the baby? Sherlock knew John had a difficult relationship with his own father growing up, that he was terrified of becoming that person himself.
Shortly after, two police officers stepped into the restaurant. After fifteen minutes of questions, and two signed statements, they all got up to leave. Outside the window, the snow was still coming down hard.
“Oh, you know,” Sherlock began, surprisingly relaxed. John was on full alert by now. “I think about the usual stuff – how many decimals of pi that I can remember, or the final proof to Fermat's Theorem – things like that.”
Rebecca turns out to be very much like John had imagined. Over dinner, conversation had flowed easily, she had a bubbly laugh that was contagious, and John had been trying not to look too much at the nice way her light blue dress hugged in all the right places.
“Alright, if you won't answer that; tell me this, then. Tell me exactly what you think you know about my cleaning the rifle-” he chuckled, “...flogging the log... shaking the snake-”
”Listen up, Shez! You’ll never guess who I just met! Just kidding, you’ll probably deduce it in a second!”
“When do you think you'll be here?” Now John turned his head to look at Sherlock. It was already nine o’clock, and he really didn't feel like having visitors over tonight.
”Erm, look Sherlock, I’m sorry things got out of control last night. But you have to know, I got very worried about you.”
”I am very frightened that I will end up here again, or maybe-” his voice trailed off. ”Or maybe at the morgue.”
”Thank you. Thank you for admitting that. You thought you did, I know that. But as it turns out, you didn’t. And so what can you do when you don’t know?”
-when he feels John’s fingers entwine with his, locking them together, something new is beginning to gain force in his chest; warm sunshine spreading through his veins, and Sherlock knows that he is smiling.
Sherlock is keeping himself busy with cases, John is working his shifts at surgery, which means neither of them has what other people would consider a normal schedule. Except for the days when Rosie is with them, of course, because Sherlock insists that children need predictability and ’healthy routines’, which actually rendered John speechless the first time he heard him say it.
When he would come home to an exhausted Mary, she'd usually just greet him with a short ”here,” handing over Anna to him and then heading right into the shower where she would stay for a long time. But Mary had encouraged him to go out tonight, saying he deserved a night out on the town.
“I could go on for a while about the technicalities, but perhaps we should move on to the details that require more deduction than observation?”
”Sherlock, I, um. I didn’t say anything because I felt that I had ruined enough things for you. I wanted to-” he tried to catch his eyes but couldn’t, ”I just wanted you to have a chance to be happy.”
They walk in silence. Sherlock has absolutely no idea of what to say. He only knows that it has to be done, has to be brought up in some shape or form, because this is precisely the kind of thing that John could get worked up about. Say ’I wish you would’ve told me’, or ’why did you keep me out’, or something in that general direction.
And with that, Sherlock slipped his hand out from under John’s, and quickly placed it on top of it instead. Before John’s brain had caught on to what was happening, Sherlock was pushing John’s hand away from the trouser button. Downwards.
He’s about to tangle a hand in Sherlock’s hair, but remembers at the last moment the fresh wound there. Settles to brush his fingers along his cheek, touching the place where Sherlock’s stretched lips meet his cock. Runs his fingertips over the hollow created in Sherlock’s cheek as he sucks him harder- ”
When he got it from her, he quickly found Mycroft at the top of the list of recently dialed numbers.The call went to voice mail.
”Oh, can’t you see! Sherlock’s just having some fun with you. I bet he wants to see how far he can get, now that you’re married.”
“Have you at all reflected upon the sacrifices Sherlock made for you? Let's start with his exile, because that certainly merits some consideration.”
Gabriel had been on top of him and Sherlock had been on his back with both of his legs up, folded over Gabriel’s shoulders. They had been fumbling and blushing and cursing, and pushing against each other with a level of desperation and desire that only teenage boys are able to possess. It had hurt a lot yet felt amazing, and for a moment Sherlock’s mind had stilled; the new sensations that rushed through his body becoming his single focus.
”Sherlock,” he said, his voice not quite carrying. Sherlock leaned in closer, and John felt him grabbing the sides of his jacket, holding it in a tight grip.
”You’ve done this before, haven’t you? Haven’t you, Mister I’m-not-gay?” He was smiling, but would still react with a gasp or a wince as John experimented with his hand movements.
A miracle, it was. He had been given a second chance, back then. But what had he made of it? Pushed Sherlock away, in his self righteous anger. Gotten married. Made Sherlock watch the entire spectacle, participate even, as his best man.
”Honey… did you two have an argument or something? Has something happened that you haven’t told me about? It’s been forever since you even mentioned him, and before you used to talk about him all the time.”
“I would expect you to be able to figure that out by yourself, John. After all, you were the trigger for this mess. You and your extraordinary selfish behavior.”
In a surprising turn of events, Dr. Riyat had turned out to share his passion for quantifiable measures. For the first two months, he’d encouraged Sherlock to keep a record of different situations and how they made him think and feel. It had been quite interesting, actually.
They had gone for long walks in the forest – with Sadie on a leash, thank you very much – and in the evenings, walked for thirty minutes, one way, to get to the pub for fish and chips and some entertainment – it was one of John's favourite pastimes in the world – sitting side by side with Sherlock in a corner of a pub or a restaurant, reveling in the deductions he'd make, for John's sake of course, about the other guests around them.
”I realise it might not appear that way, given, well, this-” he gestures towards his head - ”but I am fully capable of taking care of myself. And I know you love being the good samaritan, but really, John - there’s a point where consideration crosses into pity. And I think I made it very clear that I have no interest in being on the receiving end of that.”
How would Sherlock be reacting to John's advances by the bar, not to mention to how the night had ended? John couldn't even guess, so he had decided that the best approach would be to simply find a way to see him face to face; then he'd have to take it from there.
After thinking about it for a long while without getting anywhere, he gets up from the chair, frustrated because damnit, he doesn’t know how these things work! He goes into his bedroom to get his phone.
Gabriel pushed John away, his aim more focused this time and John had to take a few steps back to regain his balance.
”John…” he began. ”I know you lived with Sherlock for a long time, and I don’t want to make it sound like I know him better than you, Lord knows I don’t. In fact, I hardly understand a thing about what goes on in that man’s brain.” He chuckled, then paused, searching for words.
The joke, the smile, so well rehearsed by now, some forty years later, that it was almost impossible to shake. Keep pretending it’s all fine. Hide those pathetic feelings of loneliness and fear and longing and sorrow.
Without warning, the guy stopped. He pulled his mouth off Sherlock with a sudden move, causing Sherlock to speak up in a hoarse, almost desperate, voice,
”Couldn’t be better, John! We’re expanding, did you know that! Second location opening in Notting Hill in a month!” Luigi beamed with pride.
A prominent sense of unreality held John in an iron grip throughout the following days. His mind was constantly fixed on Sherlock, on the other bloke, on his own reactions to it all, and on the truths about himself that he had previously clung so tightly to. On Mary and Anna and on how he had gotten himself into this situation.
