“Tony,” Bucky murmurs, and gently combs his fingers through the other man’s hair. “You know I love you, right? You know I’m right here.”
Bucky paints a wall, gets a new arm, has a bad dream, and tickles Steve. Steve tickles Bucky, and spends a lot of time on his bed. Tony finds out the gender of his baby and brings home a picture, cries a little, and falls asleep. Bucky and Tony also have a short conversation about their sex lives which goes exactly nowhere :)
He’s startled when the first chuckle comes, but then there’s another, and another, and soon it’s all he can do to stop himself from pitching forwards onto the cold, unforgiving floor and curling up in foetal position. Bucky’s gone, just… gone.
Bucky startles and hits his head on the cabinet door, swearing a blue streak and clutching the hurt area with his flesh hand. “You scared me,” he growls, and Tony laughs a tinkling, lovely sound.
Bucky is still refusing to look at Steve but he knows him well enough, even after all that’s happened, to know that he’s nodding his head slowly, trying to understand. “Alright, Buck,” he says, and Bucky can tell he’s looking for more information, more details about what exactly is going through that damaged brain of Bucky’s, but Bucky doesn’t feel like giving it to him.
“Oh?” Bucky asks, eyebrow cocked. “Did you convince Sam to give me my gun back? My waistband’s been feelin’ awfully barren without it.”
, so much anger (at Bucky for leaving him, at the world, at the stupid title he bore, at the American citizens who only saw him as a show pony), and let them steer him, let them take control, until the only way out he saw was by driving a fucking plane into the ocean.
He shakes his head and dispels the Winter Soldier’s voice in his head, who’s taking the opportunity to mock him for losing awareness of his surroundings.
“There’s something you might have forgotten to mention,” he tells Tony carefully, and he can almost smell the confusion, it’s so palpable.
“I don’t want your excuses,” Bucky tells him softly, and his arm comes swinging down to hang limply by his side, the sketchbook held by two metal fingers loosely. He looks tired now, drawn and sad.
...but then his vision blinks and grays, his head starts to swim, his legs buckle, and his fatigue finally claims him, rushing forward with welcoming darkness.
Steve reaches back and slings his shield off his back, leaning it against the wall behind the bench with a muffled clang. Tony can’t help himself. He turns just in time to see Steve grab the bottom hem of his uniform and tug it up, revealing abs you could grate cheese on and firm pectorals, every muscle in between rippling and bunching as he wrenches it over his head in one swoop, turning it right side in with dextrous fingers and folding it before placing it beneath the bench.
It works. Soon, his skin isn’t feverish and tears aren’t trying to force themselves out. The lump in his throat goes away and he laughs wetly, slipping a hand under his shirt to rub the small bump gently.
An older woman sits across from him, her wrinkled face pulled taught with smile lines and crow’s feet. She has a smartphone; Bucky can see the little white SI logo on a shiny black surface poking out of her bag, but she looks old enough that she likely won’t know how to text, let alone call someone. That’s an ability Bucky’s banking on her to know, truth to be told, as he’s not even sure
Initially, Rhodey freezes, but it doesn’t last. Rhodey straightens his back almost unconsciously, standing as straight as possible. The other man takes no notice and continues smiling as he approaches him, a smile on his face.
“Truthfully? I’m not sure,” Tony says, settling his hands in his lap like an overgrown schoolgirl. “I’m sorry for being an ass earlier,” he offers.
“That was,” he says back, and Steve closes his eyes briefly, before he opens them with a groan and heaves himself up to go get a damp cloth to clean them off with. He even tucks Bucky back into his pants, and somehow, even Steve’s huge but gentle hands can’t get him going again.
To that, Bucky had nodded numbly, because suddenly, the thought of not having anything wrong at all, meaning the whole anger thing was just a quirk of his personality, sounded a whole lot worse. As much as Bucky didn’t want to hide behind a mental disorder, he still wasn’t sure that he could ever quite live with himself if it turned out that the blow ups were just
“I am, Platypus.” Tony leans over and gives him a smacking kiss on the cheek. “You need to trust me on this. I was the one who made her,” he gestures to his stomach, “happen, so there’s no need to be upset at him.”
He doesn’t bother looking in the mirror before he tramps down to the entrance where he’s meeting Steve, secretly pleased with the soft boots, because he genuinely doesn’t care. He figures that as long as his arm is covered and he’s comfortable, he’ll be fine.
Rhodey grins, and opens his arms. Tony gets to his feet quickly and runs over, throwing himself–gently, because he has a baby–into his arms. “God, I’ve missed you so much,” he tells Rhodey, his words muffled.
Thor is the last one on the jet, strapping himself in and laughing good-naturedly at Clint’s bitching about the stupid decontamination shower.
He knows he’s still in the Tower, of course, but Steve seems to be avoiding Bucky: entering the gym immediately after Bucky leaves, suiting up and being the first on the quinjet to avoid Bucky wishing the rest of them farewell on the landing pad before missions, and spending all his free time in his room, presumably making more art.
“See?” Tony’s grin widens. “At least I can jerk off with the proper hand.” He preens as if he’s said something clever. “Same boat, my ass.”
“I–” Steve gets up and runs his own fingers through his much shorter hair, tugging on the strands. “You don’t think I
On top of the roof is a little garden, lit up by twinkling lights. Pots and beds of flowers, herbs, and vegetables take up almost all of the space, leaving only a small center where a couple of yoga mats are bolted down. Steve picks his way over there and sits down, placing the bag in his lap and rooting through it, pulling out containers.
It probably is. Tony had been complaining a lot about it, and when Bucky asked him about it, he muttered, “baby” and went back to his work. With the position he’s in right now, slouched over with a curved back, weighed down by his ever-growing belly, it can’t be comfortable.
“I just assumed you got it from Natasha,” Tony says, growing more bemused by the second. “Or Rhodey, since he was here a few weeks ago.”
But when he was woken up into the modern world, Steve had since forgotten what he was looking for. He remembered Peggy, remembered wanting something beautiful with her, but with those years now behind him, he knew he couldn't have those dreams come true any longer. It'd been way too long to even think so.
When the two met eyes, Tony grinned as an attempt to hold back pained winces thanks to the aching in his back. “So,” he managed to wheeze, “what's your name?”
Steve slowly took Tony's arms from around his neck, instead keeping one of his own arms around the brunette's waist before trudging over to the couch, where you could obviously see an overflow of beer bottles--both full and empty--and thrown files scattered on either the floor or on the small table to the side. "Let's see the chaos you've created."
“Go off, prick.” Steve waves Tony off irritably. He doesn't have time for arguments right now, not with the S.H.I.E.L.D. side tasks he has piling up on his to-do's that he has yet to complete.
But, so much for enduring because, he screamed so loudly from the pain that his arms started to flail, adding to the hurt manipulating his every move.
Tony sniffs, casually wiping his nose and looking away as he did so. “Reindeer headbands.” He answers, giving a shrug.
Tony was breathing heavily, on the verge of crying. Helping him was useless. All it would do is give him more pain.
When he got there, there was another guy sitting on the marble edge of the fountain. Tony approached him and the man smiled, handing him the note.
“Disgruntled expression twenty-four seven?? Do I?--you know what--okay. Thank you!” Tony said, waving goodbye as he got out of the cafe. “Disgruntled my ass . . . “ He muttered, a disgruntled expression on his face.
Tony smiled the tiniest bit and mumbled a thanks to the man before walking off to the center fountain.
“Hey, um. Did you see a teenage boy here anywhere? Blond, tall, muscular, smells like destruction and rose petals?” Tony asked. By now, the brunette had her lips rolled into her mouth, still containing her smile. She said nothing to him, only handed him an orange sticky note that had Steve's handwriting scribbled on it.
“And, like . . . " Tony paused, then a lopsided grin curled his lips and he fell back onto the mattress. “You're my
It was certainly hectic then. Everything Tony gathered and admired and knew oh so well from Steve still added to nothing. He didn't understand the waves Steve gave him at the end of the day, he didn't understand the knowing looks from Bucky every time Steve and Tony were in a ten foot radius of each other, and he certainly didn't understand the glances Steve gave back to him every time Tony turned to study him in engineering.
Tony allowed himself to be hugged, but said, “Steve, I'm dirty as hell. You're ruining your clothes.”
Every so often, he'd glance up and still find Tony up and about, seemingly twirling around in his little space. And, although Steve would never admit it, he'd catch a glimpse of Tony's curved buttock and maybe even stare--
"Uh--uh, yeah. Yeah, I'll go. No biggie." He finally managed. He saw relief and victory in Steve's dazzling blue eyes as he said, "Sweet. See you then."
Tony looked at him funny, blinking a couple times then looking around his lab just in case Steve was staring at something else.
“I know, but--your words don't make me change my opinion on him. Maybe he was a good man, a helluva inventor, sure, but he wasn't a good father. When I was younger I used to think he really did want to spend time with me, but work was just too much. But I know now that that wasn't true. He had multipl chances to come spend time with me, but he chose to build Stark Industries instead of enforcing the stability of his family.” Tony glanced at Steve, who was now leaned against the desk with his arms crossed, and sighed, shaking his head.
“Yes, of course, why else would I be here if you weren't my repairman?” Tony fake-sniffed. Steve rolled his eyes. Steve loved this man a lot--of course he did, this man was his boyfriend--but my
Tony had nearly choked on his saliva but managed to wave back--very stiffly, might I add--before awkwardly making his way over to Bruce in the corner, staying as far from Steve as he could without actually revealing so.
“Ajahjahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I'll be going--” Steve wheezed, waving awkwardly to the two (but mostly to Tony, who was still red in the face) before dashing off.
"My father was close to you, sure," Tony continued, leaning back as he felt drowsiness kick in, "and, yes, for a time I did envy you . . . but now that I think about it . . . I understand why he talked to you way more. You're just . . . a very captivating man."
Tony shifts his weight to his left leg, putting a hand up in defense. “Hey, hey--you don't know if they matter or not. To me, anyway. I--they bring back good memories, I think. And they're also . . . cute.” Tony takes one of the headbands from Steve's calloused hands, inspecting it himself. He flicks at the bells.
"I'd like that." Steve finally breathed out, eyebrows furrowing as if unsure. Tony noticed and said quickly, "If you're saying yes out of pity then just stop now. Don't make things awkward."
"You, Stark, are the biggest mystery I've ever encountered." He said smoothly, looking back up at the brunette with internal panic and longing.
Steve had been his love for only a couple months prior to the fight, and they always babbled like an old married couple. Of course, their arguments were never harsh and whatnot, but--the topic of the accords? God, Tony can't even think about it unless he wants to let a sob pass his lips.
It was silent for what seemed like a million years, tension quickly becoming too much to bear between the two men.
He was the kind of guy you'd love to be friends with simply because of who he was. Not even the popular kids would care for his money or how poorly he lived or anything like that. They'd just care because Steve is Steve, and yet Tony only ever found three people talking to him. Natasha Romanoff, the head of the girl's basketball team, Sam Wilson, a runner in track, and Bucky Barnes, a player in football. All of them fairly well-known people, but at the same time average and not overwhelmed with friendships.
“An accident?” Bruce laughed, almost dryly, stepping deeper into the lab. “You're telling me kissing Tony Stark at such an angle it looked like a cheesy scene like the ones in rom-coms was an
Steve was then (force) fed granola bars too, and then taken, by hand, out of their home and to the car.
was he making a mistake, kissing a criminal he should've brought to the police station. Not that Tony really cared. Sex was much better than prison, but that's just his opinion.
The billionaire's ears flushed red and he looked down as if he lost a dog. He then smiled, shaking his head and groaning into his hands as the stress was pulled from his shoulders. "Oh, thank god." He muttered into his palms.
Tony takes the kiss, secretly grateful for it. He loves Steve's lips. He loves Steve in general. Steve = good guy, good role model. Steve = Tony's heart. Tony likes Steve as his heart.
. The captain's attitude completely brightens, his slumped posture straightens, and the happiness Tony makes him feel is all that he needs to destroy the empty tiredness riling up in his chest.
during the entire time he's been dating genius-billionaire-philanthropist Tony Stark. But, with Tony out of his sights for more than he ever expected, Steve couldn't take the loneliness any longer.
Tony cut him off with a hug, breathing out relieved against the super soldier's neck. “Oh my god . . . “ He exhaled shakily. “Oh my god . . . “
“To be honest with you? He's the most normal person here. He's more normal than Hawkeye, who doesn't even have any distinctive powers other than his excellent point-blank archery, which, in it of itself, is just an ability from countless hours of perseverance. Not an actual ability or enhancement obtained from being a lab experiment or from overwhelming intellect.”
It read: “Hey baby. This is where we first met, remember? Kinda silly how we never noticed each other in school, even though we have AP chemistry together. I remember when I first saw you here I freaked out because I always admired you in class like a geek and I knew that this maybe was the only time I'd ever muster the guts to talk to you. I'm so glad you actually kept conversation going because I would've died within the first five seconds. Go on to the movie theater. - Steve x.”
The tall blond was fit and handsome; he could be a part of any school sport he wanted to be in with little training, yet he chose to stay reserved and squished into himself as he drew in his sketchbook with passion and with love.
“I don’t like to admit this, but . . . Tony'ssss . . . a gud man . . . He's an asshole a lot of the time, but . . . I can't help the admuration I feel when I see him. You know? He's so talented, focused, determined, pretty . . . He smells nice too.” Steve pauses to chuckle. “Really nice.”
Steve is then dragged to his room, continuing his stream of compliments and admirations about Tony. He keeps repeating how he's so happy to see his face and, again, how good he smells. Tony ignores it, of course (people say dumb stuff when they're drunk all the time), but his cheeks feel hot with every passing sentence from the blondie's mouth. Never had he heard Steve talk so highly of him before. There was always that occasional banter but the majority of their conversations were threats and comments leading to fights. All in all, Steve nor Tony ever admitted to their admiration for each other. At least, not when sober.
If possible, Steve's smile grew, destroying all the darkness in the world. "Come on ya sap, let's get some rest." He pulled Tony up by his arms. "We'll clean this up tomorrow."
It went silent between the two momentarily, causing Steve to glance back at Tony with an eyebrow perked. Tony noticed and stood up straighter, pulling his hand from his pocket and clasping it on top of the other. “Oh. Uhm, sorry to hear that, captain.” He mumbled.
From this point, Steve didn't reply. He simply smiled as he listened to Tony ramble, humming in response to some of the things he said. God, was he adorable.
But ever since he met Tony Stark, the captain realized he'd be nagged at forever. Not that anyone would catch him complaining though.
Goodness, how he looked at Steve when he was done being beaten. How heartbroken and shocked he was. How Steve left with Bucky in his arms, leaving the love of his life on the floor to bleed out. At least, that's what Steve called him. The love of his life. How silly Tony still yearned for Steve to call him it. On many restless nights Tony thought of the first time Steve kissed him, bit him, and loved him. It was bliss on all counts, and it was perfect. How they fought even in bed and touched each other with delicate fingertips; how every murmur was a sound of love and commitment. It was euphoria, and it was home. But now home doesn't exist anymore, does it? What Tony lives in now isn't home. His home pushed him out and left him lifeless, alone, in a world where he needed the warmth of him the most.
So when Captain America said “I love you” to Iron Man himself, Tony almost lost his breath. He had laughed long and hard, hiding the panic on his face. No, no, no, he had thought, this is a joke. Captain America could
Steve hung to every word, keeping his mouth shut as he let Tony ramble. Steve was never a son to Howard. Sure, Howard said “you're like a son to me” a couple times, but he wasn't blood like Tony was. He could only imagine how lonely and hurtful it must've been to have your father call someone else their son and hold them closer than they ever have with their own blood.
Tony bolted upright, ready to backhand Steve in the face for being so shameless--despite himself--but before he could the captain was already feet away, talking to Bruce.
Sleeping beside Tony, let alone spooning him and him spooning you, was heaven in itself, but--wow . . . Tony's scent? It was so Tony that Steve started calling it the “Tony Smell” in his head.
Steve’s face relaxed after the smooch, and he went back to stitching. It didn't take much longer until his slow-paced hands were finally done helping the needle and making his definite A-plus design. He lifted the jacket up all the way and showed Tony with a “Ta-dah!” and Tony really couldn't sigh any heavier than he just did.
sorry i haven't been updating like i said i would but!! summer break is coming really soon so i'll be able to get back in the game!!!
He jumped over fences, fallen trash cans, even a few car hoods, but every time he looked back he still saw that cop just a few feet behind him. He used crowds as his disguise, hunching over and running in that position as to not be seen. He then took a sharp turn into an alley, trying to keep his breathing shallow despite the burning of his lungs and the soreness of his throat.
He didn't know when he came to this conclusion, but there is one instance which Steve would never forget.
Maybe it was because they were cute, or it reminded him of when his mother forced them on his head before taking pictures by the christmas tree. Maybe the nostalgia was just so beautifully numbing that he needed them to simply continue his everyday life from here on out. Or maybe . . . he just wanted them.
But no matter the satisfaction he felt when a threat was dealt with, Steve's heart remained half empty. Steve still longed for a family; Steve still longed for someone to hold.
He got out from his bed and slid on a jacket, his sweatpants, and some sneakers before stuffing his phone in his pocket and heading out of the house. His parents were usually gone for work at this time (it's almost like they sleep there instead of home itself), so no one was there to demand he get back to his room. What were his maids going to do? Threaten to call his parents? Tch.
“Tony, you've had at least thirteen martinis by now. Is everything okay?” Tony looks up from the ground to see Pepper standing beside him, eyebrow perked with worry on her pretty face.
On many occasions Tony found himself thinking, "What if I just threw the accords away? Would me and Steve finally be able to suck up the tension and go back to normal?  Would that decision bring us both justice?"
Howard. The senior Stark looked proud and tired at the same time, even giving a thumbs-up to the camera in one. It was a refreshing sight, really. Proof that Howard Stark had a heart.
Nothing has to happen between the couple at all. Just a quick notion to Tony that he's here and standing beside each other in this comforting silence is all the pair need to have all their worries and stresses float away.
Tony's bitch face became bitchier. “Baby, I appreciate your attempts to make me blush but you pretty much said you would call this piece of shit a piece of shit if it wasn't made a piece of shit Stark.”
Steve backed off with a nod of defeat and began twiddling with his thumbs. He'd been to bars before on a few occasions, even took a shot or two, but it quickly became boring because the alcohol never took affect. He never slurred dumb things and spilled secrets because there wasn't anything in his system to push him to.
Tony could see the concern flood Steve's face and that made him grin, half because he didn't know what he was doing, and half because Steve worrying about him always made him feel warm inside.
“Of course I do.” Tony put the headband he was previously holding down, leaning against the counter and resting his chin on his palm.
He watched Steve get out of the driver's seat and join him in the back. “You wanna get us killed?” He asked sharply, his intimidating glare doing nothing to simmer Tony's thirst. “A little death never hurt nobody.” He replied.
And everyone in the tower knew that too, because the second the duo comes crashing into the living room talking about bagels being a donut's crispier cousin or if tomato sauce is really a jelly, they can see Tony's fingers no longer twitching from constant obsessive insomnia and Steve's stretchy worn-out attitude now more blinding than the sun. And this,
He saw everything with blurred vision, and his hearing wasn't doing much better. He could hear explosions and ear-piercing screams of horror in the distance, but he realized that he didn't have the strength to stand up and come to the rescue.
Steve looked up, face pale and mentality shaken. Tony had snacks in his arm, some ready to fall, as he said, "Hey, Steve. Brought you some snacks since you haven't been out for a few hours." He was looking down as he talked, but the second he looked up the brunette's face hardened with concern. He rushed to Steve and dropped the snacks down in a pile on the floor, kneeling before him and grabbing his hand. "What's wrong?" He asked solidly, squeezing his hand a tad.
Tony's taste, and Tony laughed when he saw his wrinkled face. But no matter, they were together now, watching the sunrise and eating breakfast in the peace and quiet of nature.
“Oh, god, Tony . . . “ Steve muttered, beginning to throw himself at the boulder, only being able to move it at least a centimeter. He couldn't continue his efforts, however, as the more the captain tried, the closer Tony was to screaming his lungs out.
in Tony's eyes was breathtaking. It was so mesmerizing, powerful, extravagant . . . Steve would've said "I love you" right there, no matter how early it was into their relationship.
Tony Stark doesn't know why he bought these reindeer headbands with dangling bells near the antlers, but he had, and now he’s too lazy to return them.
In a dazed confusion mixed with numbing pain, Tony looked around silently to see what's happened. He was disoriented, not even able to stare ahead for long enough to process what had him trapped and feeling so weak.
To be completely honest with you, he was insecure about it. Not knowing of something, or not being able to figure something out under two minutes (at the
It took a minute, but Tony finally arrived at the cafe and stepped inside, seeing how it was barely full. There was only two insomniac college students typing away on their computers in the corners. There was them, but no Steve. Tony's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Didn't blondie say to meet up here? He made it up to the register and was greeted by a female brunette, who tried very effortlessly to hide the smile on her face.
Near the week of prom, Tony only got more frustrated. He wanted to know who Steve was asking so he could get a tinge of knowledge about his type, and who he possibly liked. For whatever reason, Tony found this as important.
Steve looks at him funny, releasing his spoon and letting it swirl in the coffee mug as he peeks into the plastic bag. There are, indeed, two pairs of reindeer headbands. The ones with the bells near the ends of the antlers. Steve picks them out, inspecting them for only a second before snorting and looking at Tony again.
to. The second he moved a muscle the pain became overbearing. The numbness in his legs was no longer numbing. The pain now felt like several knives were being jabbed into him all at once, and he was so helpless he could do nothing but endure it.
They arrive at the tower after a few more minutes of Steve rambling about Tony and how good of a man he is. Clint pays the driver and hulls Steve out of the car, grumbling and cursing as he does so. Steve can't even use his feet right. It's like they're about to turn in the opposite direction and scar the captain forever.
Then, and only then, does Steve's exhaustian alleviate. It's like he's simply a better person from the mere sight of his husband--Tony just has
“Yeah, yeah. I know.” Tony nods quickly and casually, really dismissive with Steve's reminders. Steve is just fiddling with his own headband now. Honestly, Stark, what purpose does this even have? He thinks.
What the egotistical teenager couldn't figure out was the blondie in his engineering class. Steve Rogers.
It took all the energy out of the brunette, but he now had everything set and was ready to barge right into that adoption center and get his baby.
“Like, what even am I compared to you in school standards? Emo? A loner? Geek? Nerd? That's really hilarious.” Tony sat back up, continuing to watch Steve stitch.
The question bothered Steve a lot. This relationship with Stark was still new at that point, so he was still getting used to opening up to him. So, in old Steve fashion, he replied with, "Nothing."
Tony had caught himself complaining about Steve indirectly countless times to his friends Bruce Banner, a genius with a temper, and Clint, the best player in soccer and Romanoff's boyfriend. He would always groan and say things like, "He's such a riddle and I hate it." And then the boys would always ask, "Who are you talking about?" And then Tony would freeze and say awkwardly, "No one. Just some asshole in my class."
Steve Rogers never thought of himself as the needy kind--never. He was always okay with his partner going out most of the time as long as it meant they got to cuddle together when it was time to sleep.
He heard Steve give another laugh, longer and louder this time. Much nicer, in all honesty. "Then . . . Go to prom with me. Maybe then I'll finally let you know my secrets. How's that sound?"
“It was an accident!” The blond suddenly shouted back, putting both hands up now as if he were being arrested.
The poor man nearly fell on his face running up to the captain, flailing the file around in his arms before colliding with the blond and kissing him happily. Steve sunk into the lip lock immediately, but he pulled away after another second. "You're drunk, aren't you." He said firmly. It wasn't a question like he intended it to be.
Tony set everything in the places he'd imagined they'd be, despite Steve's little comments here and there about how they should rearrange this or replace that.
. . . “ He could barely make out dark shades of red on his armor, some dried, some newly splattered. Is that . . .
He watches him go, the blood running down his neck mingling with the burning water and turning it a pale pink. He’s pretty sure Pepper has a pair of shoes in that color. He’s pretty sure he gave them to her.
It’s Tony drawn in life-like detail as he bends over something in his workshop and hammers it, a scene clearly from before Bucky met the man. He flips the pages, and a pit opens in his stomach as he slowly realizes every. Single. Damn. One. was of his boyfriend.
Bucky follows his best friend–former best friend?–to the small space connected to the bedroom, where there’s a couch and a chair. Steve gestures at the couch, wordlessly telling Bucky to sit down, and Bucky obeys.
Calculations are scrawled in the corners of most of the schematics, and Bucky is pleasantly surprised to see that he recognizes a few of them. Not enough to explain to someone how they worked, but perhaps enough to name the equations themselves.
He’s been joined by a throng of people, now, and though the crowded hallways make his heart stutter in his chest, it’s a hell of a lot better than the train car, with people’s immediate attention on him. Even so, he throws away the tin foil wrapper in the first bin he sees and ducks his head down, keeping his profile unsuspicious and unassuming. It’s times like this that he fucking loves his long hair.
There’s one with the two of them standing in front of a lamppost for seemingly no reason at all, Rhodey’s arm thrown over Tony’s smaller figure, that’s being absolutely
He also has a looming doctor’s appointment for his fourth month, or right around the time Sam said he, Steve, and Bucky would return. To say he’s nervous is an understatement. He avoids thinking about it and instead puts his all into finishing the damn nursery, knowing it’s too early to be doing this, but he knows the alternative is him going insane.
“Are you worried I’m eventually going to choose Steve over you?” Bucky asks, and he has enough respect for Tony to keep the pity out of his voice.
“Ah,” Tony says, and looks down again, his face unreadable. Bucky feels like an ass, but knows apologizing for what he said will make things worse.
“I scared you,” Steve mutters, keeping his eyes fixed on the table. The water isn’t water, he realizes. It’s tea. He can see it now, the slight amber color it is instead of completely clear.
He exits the elevator in jerky steps, walking through his quarters, barely taking in the familiar sparse surroundings, and making a beeline for the bed. Instead of laying in it, he sits down and hunches over himself, cradling his head in his hands.
Tony by himself has to take breaks throughout the day, to stretch his aching his back, and the whole team watches in amusement when he forgets where he put his paintbrush after setting it down to talk to Bruce. He stumbles around looking for it as they laugh, cursing his pregnancy and “unreliable brain”.
“¿Sí?” the woman asks, and Bucky freezes, swallows harshly. Fuck, his breathing’s gotten a bit labored, and he didn’t think this through.
“God, I really messed up,” he says in a rush, and sits down heavily on the floor, his back pressed against the wall.
“A while ago,” he admits, then laughs breathlessly. “Bucky, I’ve been in love with you since I was fifteen. And Tony,” he thinks for a minute. “As soon as I realized what I’d thrown away.”
It makes things twist inside Tony, ugly, not pretty, things. He ultimately decides to ignore it and pulls the plate Steve offers towards him, inhaling the scent of the eggs. His stomach suddenly rolls and he claps a hand over his mouth, running to the trash bin and leaning over it where he promptly empties the contents of his stomach.
It makes his heart hurt to think about it. It hurts more to think about than Tony or Bucky, because she’s
Finally, they release him. He has about a million and one different pieces of paper, with mental exercises to do and step-by-step meditation, instructions for his antidepressants, phone numbers to call if he gets a little too close to the edge, actions to do to motivate himself, a therapy schedule that lists sessions as twice a week, and every scrap of information possible on c-PTSD and depression. To say it’s a lot would be an understatement.
“Over… there?” Steve asks a little nervously, but pushes himself up on his hands and knees. Bucky nods impatiently and Steve obeys, crawling over childishly before sitting down again, his expression doubtful.
“I like the idea of yellow and green,” Natasha muses. “I could paint a meadow on one of the walls with wildflowers?”
He pulls away from Bucky at nearly the same time the other man tries to, a frown on his face, seemingly ignoring the other man in front of him. One of his hands goes to his stomach and he rubs it, his eyebrows scrunching adorably, before they suddenly shoot up and his eyes widen.
“You’re welcome,” Tony tells him, and tucks it back into his pocket before nudging the super soldier. “She’s going to love you.”
He’s woken up several times in the middle night, silent tears making his cheeks damp as he clutches at his shoulder desperately, trying to alleviate the fire working its way through it.
The only response is Steve pulling out and slamming back in, forcing a sharp gasp from Tony, his mouth falling open in pleasure. After that, Steve set a brutal and punishing pace, thrusting hard and fast, seemingly not caring about the person he’s pistoning in. His fingers are going to leave bruises in Tony’s thighs, he knows they are, but he can’t loosen his grip, can’t readjust them.
He has a hunch, but he doesn’t want to pry. He tries another question. “Do you think we should try to talk to him again?”
“I do mind, actually,” the Soldier tells him, crossing his metal arm over his chest and lowering the gun, but not taking it off of Tony.
In his hurry to escape the van (in which he sadly had to leave the stilettos), and ask the nice people in the taqueria for directions back to Manhattan, he completely forgot that his main priority should have been contacting Steve and Tony.
“...Okay.” Tony’s not really sure what to do with that, so he walks back to his table and lays the pile of clothing on top of it, sitting down and settling back in as the water starts up again.
Bucky knows he shouldn’t, he really does. But the words are right there… and besides, he’d already told Steve Tony still loved him, so surely the other way around wouldn’t be too bad?
He remembers the icy water closing over him, his breath being punched out of him by frigid-fingered fists, clawing and ripping until he passed out, letting the swirling darkness consume him.
Bucky is watching him, looking ready to throw a punch any minute, and Steve remembers the teacup that was thrown at him. He looks down, and there's a line of blood in his shirt where the open wounds pressed on it briefly before closing, and it hurts
He swears colorfully and curses his job but is already reaching out his arms, ready for the titanium parts to fit smoothly around his body. He races outside as fast as he can, already spying Steve and the others jumping into the quinjet, which is already slightly off the ground.
For a moment, no one breathes, and Bucky stares at the ruined pieces of paper on the floor, heaving with too much adrenaline for such a small activity.
He saw the kiss, everyone saw the kiss, but he doesn’t know what’s behind it. Whatever it is, it must be something big. “We’ll be fine,” he tells Steve softly. “I’ll come find you after, okay?”
“Tony hasn’t forgiven me, and he probably won’t ever; I’d deserve that.” Steve looks sad as he says that last bit and Bucky’s heart turns over, thumps.
“Override lockdown, J,” he says, and with a quiet hiss the glass doors slide open, revealing the workshop, brightly lit in some areas, cloaked in shadows in others.
“Why?” Steve asks dully, but he leans forwards obediently and sniffs the hot tea, some of the steam wafting from the cup scattering when he breathes out harshly afterwards.
“I think so,” Bucky replies, honestly, answering the question even if the phrasing is a bit weird. He chooses not to acknowledge the second part of the question because while he has no idea what or who Terminator is, he trusts Tony at least enough to know he’s probably not making fun.
To that, Bucky would always lapse into silence, because it really wasn’t funny, and they both knew it. Sometimes Bucky would think that a single gust of strong wind would blow Steve away with how small and frail he was. On days that Steve was sick (which occurred more often than not), Bucky would sleep on a ratty mattress Sarah Rogers would set up and leave Steve only for school. Even then he’d rush home, fear in his heart, knowing Steve was too stubborn to die but feeling worried anyway.
Bucky does so, pinning nearly all his weight onto Steve’s shoulder, even as the man thrashes and kicks, nearly throwing him off.
. His hair is plastered to his forehead from the shower, trails of water dripping from the strands down his face, mingling with tears as Tony sobs in pleasure, mouth slack and eyes rolled back as Steve pushes in again and again.
Barnes glances up at him briefly before looking back down and pulling on the sweat pants. His muscles ripple as he pulls the shirt over his head, and Tony finds himself tracing them with his eyes, wanting to lick them.
He can see Natasha electrocuting little green robots as she runs gracefully down the street, racing Steve to the end and the cluster of them there.
“A red panda, sir,” Jarvis corrects, and Tony thanks him, turning the animal in his hands. His mouth drops into a straight line and he dangles the animal in front of Bucky’s face.
There are two chairs there already, so Tony drags a stool over to be used as the third. He waves them over and they sit; Tony turns the hot water maker on.
“I wouldn’t say that,” Bucky murmurs, and reaches the hand on Tony’s calf to stroke lightly over the bump, before getting to his knees properly.
“Sure it isn’t, Steve,” Bucky scoffs. “Ever since we were kids you’ve been too goddamn stubborn to–”
“I mean, seriously, what is in the juice you drink?” Tony asks, disbelievingly, and Bucky smiles slightly.
Any mention of the shower, however, and Steve clenches his jaw and acts cold towards Tony for the rest of the day. Steve has yet to smile at him, and they are most certainly not friends, but they can be in the same room as each other without fighting and have even managed to make some small talk, even if it is still about work.
Tony suddenly realizes that he’s standing pressed against the wall in the armor as if he was trying to blend in with the cement of the changing room. All of the bluster and bravado seems to have been drained out of him, and he swallows, suddenly nervous in the small room with only Steve for companionship, who hasn’t so much as said a word since they left the quinjet.
Steve edges around Bucky and pushes it open, revealing the sudden bright light of the streetlamps and car headlights. The sky is significantly darker than they left it, however, so it’s not horrible, but Bucky still spends the next few seconds blinking spots out of his eyes.
, he might be doing it again. The thought frightens him a little, but also comforts him by soothing away the dark voice of the ever-present Soldier, who tells him he’s broken and won’t ever love again. He tightens his arms around the smaller man, breathing out gently.
“I think you know the answer to that, Stark,” he says, in an effort to sound civil, but Tony can hear how close he is to snapping.
“It looks just like the Harley’s we had,” Bucky breathes, and Tony rocks back and forth on his heels, a grin stretching across his own face.
While Steve orders and waits for their food inside, Bucky can feel some curious stares poking in to him like hot needles. Of course, they were curious, he was just seen with Captain America, but he wishes they wouldn’t be so obvious. He edges closer to the front wall of the establishment, leaning against it, and shakes his hair loose from where it’s tucked behind his ears to sweep across his face, hiding his features.
“Hang on, Capsicle.” Tony blasts another two robots in the chest before sweeping down and lifting Steve off the ground, carrying him to the roof of a building that will provide a better vantage point to see the Soldier. When they land, Steve immediately hurries over to the edge, looking down.
for her fifteenth birthday, and he remembers how he and Steve used to mock her behind her back, sick with jealousy that
They go silent then, but it’s a comfortable sort of silence. They’re simply basking in each other’s presence, each in their own heads. They stay like that for a long time, and all Tony can think after a while is how fucking glad he is that Bucky is still alive.
She nods and disappears, presumably to take off her clothes in the shower. It’s probably for the best, Tony thinks. She reappears wrapped in a towel barely five minutes later, hair wrapped neatly in another twisty square of cloth. She accepts the clothes from Bruce, who’d given her a hoodie and sweatpants instead of just a thin shirt to preserve her modesty better, and goes to the small bathroom to change.
” Steve roars, leaping to his feet. His grip on his mug goes white and the ceramic shatters, warm liquid running in dark rivulets down the side of Steve’s hands.
“What’s wrong with my old arm?” Bucky asks, thinking about it on the table behind him. Can’t Tony just fix it?
He can more feel than see Bucky shake his head beside him. “No,” he whispers. “Only snippets, mostly, but even those are a bit fuzzy ‘round the edges.”
Near the small sink there’s a plastic rack of shiny pamphlets, and next to the door are several yardsticks taped to the wall on top of each other for measuring height. Giraffes are painted on the ceiling, and stuffed fish hang from the ceiling, dangling on skinny pieces of fishline.
“What were you missing, Steve,” Tony asks softly, and watches as Steve visibly struggles with himself for a few seconds before Bucky gently takes one of his hands and rubs it once with his thumb before letting it go.
Rhodey throws his hands up in the air and rolls his eyes. “We’re going in circles here, Rogers. Give me a fucking answer if you want a chance at any semblance of a friendship with Tony.”
Bucky knows he should leave it. He really should. It’s none of his business. However, there are still some questions he needs answered. “Then
Tony throws up on the ground, heaving as he coughs. He retches again, shaking off a gauntlet to press a hand against his forehead. He groans and throws up again, head spinning. Suddenly, the croissant is possibly the vilest thing he thinks he’s ever smelled, and his other hand goes slack around it as he drops to his knees.
“I’m here,” a quiet voice mutters from the bedroom, and Bucky has no doubt that without his super hearing he would not have been able to hear the quiet words. When Bucky pushes open the door to the room, he finds it nearly pitch black with the curtains pulled tightly over the windows and the lights very firmly
There’s a Stevie-shaped lump under the bed covers, and Bucky can see blond hair poking out of the top.
Bucky nods, because Steve’s offering him a way out, and he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth. Never mind that he hasn’t the foggiest what a “cheese cake” is. It sounds disgusting, quite frankly, but he trusts Steve.
“Steve,” Bucky interrupts, in an even and measured voice that does not match the hurricane in his thoughts
“Tony,” he whispers, just as brokenly. “Steve’s not fine,” he gasps, and takes a shuddering breath. “I don’t think I am, either,” he admits, and Tony wants to cry.
“I’d like to take credit for that glow,” he drawls, and Bucky smirks, “but I’m guessing you got the first time out of your systems?”
It wasn’t just that one time that he drew, however. After beginning the initial plunge, it was all too easy to become enraptured into the task of categorizing then cataloging his memories. It was fun to have a hobby again, actually. And as the weeks began to pass, he kept at it more and more, even bringing his sketchbooks with him to the common rooms to draw by the huge windows, sketching the skyline or the bird nest he could see tucked into the rafters if he craned his head just right.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath and ponders the question. Who is he, indeed? “A good man,” he says finally, through his teeth.
“We can talk later, Stevie,” Bucky whispers in his ear, before suddenly rolling and flipping them, until Steve is sitting in Bucky’s lap. With a flex of his abs and a grunt, Bucky sits up, and is finally in a position where he can tug down Steve’s sweatpants, which now seem more cumbersome than convenient.
“Fair enough,” Bucky says, and goes around the bike to hug Tony as tightly as he can from behind, because the baby bump is comfortable for exactly no one.
He listens intently for the next few hours as Tony guides him through helping him fix it, and to both their surprise, they find out he’s actually quite handy. Tony never turns the music up to its previous volume, and even gives him the option to choose some songs, which he politely refuses, actually finding himself enjoying the music more as time went on. It grows on you, he supposes.
Tony narrows his eyes and turns away, shrugging out his armor quickly, and leaving it against the wall as he tugs his own shirt off and undoes the button on his jeans before pulling them down with his underwear in one quick yank, stepping out of them quickly.
He shifts his head slightly into a dip in the van wall and, thankfully, his head stops thumping, prompting him to sigh in relief, although the worst of the pain doesn’t go away. Honestly, Bucky couldn’t care less. He’s more concerned with where he is, and by extension, how long he’s been traveling. Despite the lethargy and pain, he realizes he’s actually quite famished, and his mouth feels as though someone’s dumped a bag of sand down his throat.
The click of a gun being cocked brings him back to the present with a jolt, and he raises his eyebrows at the Soldier. “Really? I give you a shower and clothes and you’re training a gun on me?”
Immediately after thinking this Bucky feels guilty. For him, it was fine, because he didn’t even know who Bucky Barnes was, much less Steve Rogers. God, he can only imagine how bad it was for Steve.
“Punk,” Bucky replies automatically, then freezes. Fuck. Thousands of memories of saying this exact thing between him and his former best friend flood his memory, reminding him of times he hadn’t known existed. Not for the first time, he curses Hydra and his missing memories.
“What was what?” Steve asks, not turning around as he painstakingly smooths out the wrinkles in one sleeve.
t-shirt and jeans, looking over at someone with a small smile. It’s a position Bucky has seen him in multiple times, and it just
“It was a mistake,” Steve finally growls. “Something happened, and it was a mistake, and if you think that for one moment I haven’t gone two days without regrettin’ it… Fuck, Bucky. I messed up so bad, you don’t even know.”
, but also hurt and disbelief… Steve catches him analyzing his face and quickly schools it, shuttering down.
“I, uh, I love you too,” he says, clearing his throat, and Bucky beams, before leaning down to kiss him properly, until all Tony can feel is warm and safe and
“A couple of weeks ago,” Tony says, and rests his fingers on Bucky’s hair, just letting them sit there.
“Dude,” Clint says, his whole face widening into a smile. “You guys are goin’ to see each other naked!”
It’s quiet. Too quiet. The only sounds are of rustling fabric against skin, and the low hiss of the showers in the next room.
He remembers the pit of his stomach dropping when he figured out Tony was pregnant before anyone else, because his mom was a nurse and he’d always been perceptive, remembers how he’d nearly broken down there and then, because
They walk out of the room, Steve trailing Bucky like a shuffling dog, until Bucky reaches the elevator. They’re silent the entire ride, but Bucky can see Steve shivering slightly.
Bucky sits gingerly across from him and looks around him while he waits for Steve to sort out the food. There’s a large pot of lavender a few feet away, and he can clearly smell it floating on the breeze, tickling his nose.
Bucky slowly looks up from his arm. “Yes?” he asks, somewhat wearily, because Tony is leaning back in his chair at a well-lit table, a pout gracing his lips. He’s pretty sure he knows what’s about to come.
the last two chapters will all be condensed into one when I release next weeks chapters, because they're a little too short on their own
Tony smiles a little. “Yeah, I put that one in. I hope that’s okay?” He turns faintly worried eyes on Bucky. “We can take it out if it makes you uncomfortable or whatever,” he mumbles.
He bursts into watery laughter at that. “That’s certainly one way to put it, yes.” He knows he’s flouncing on dangerous territory here, knows that once he tells her the news she’ll immediately connect it to Steve. But she deserves to know, and he trusts her not to act rashly.
He’s said his piece, even if it was a bit small and pathetic, and it almost feels like he’s given himself a new mission to add to his list. His list has three items now: protecting Tony Stark from the demons of the world, figuring what the fuck happened between Steve and Tony, and smiling more.
Steve furrows his eyebrows, examining the map intently. The color drains from his face as understanding suddenly dawns on him. That’s in Brooklyn,” he says, his voice strangled.
“Go back to bed, sweetheart,” Tony murmurs, going to Steve’s side and gently running his hand through silky blond hair, but only once.
In hindsight, he should have thought things through. He should have realized that by leaving he was possibly losing any sort of custody over the baby he might have had.
if you comment I'll likely respond, so feel free to ask questions, give suggestions, make requests, or give constructive criticism <3
Tony watches him go, wondering what to do. He ultimately decides to trust him, and leans back against the dirty wall, watching passerby at the other end. He can see them, but he knows they can’t see him unless they actually poked their head around the corner, and the fact comforts him.
Involuntarily, a small moan escapes Tony, and it’s like a barrier breaks. Steve rushes forwards and he’s suddenly there, bracketing Tony against the wall, hands braced somewhere above his shoulders. There’s a clatter as their scrubbers drop to the floor, forgotten in the face of more favorable activities, but he doesn’t care, he doesn’t
“And don’t I know it,” Bucky sighs dreamily, and thinks of that one day he went nearly four rounds with Tony before his dick had admitted defeat and Tony had complained about wanting to walk the next day.
Steve shakes his head. “Not like she’s yours,” he whispers, and Tony inclines his head a bit, because that’s true, but…
The little passageway smells damp and sinister, and Bucky forces himself not to think about it too hard. The situation is almost a little too similar to the attics he found himself hiding in as the Winter Soldier, waiting for his mark to make a move… any move...
Bucky takes the opportunity to wash his nether regions and back, before washing it out as JARVIS told him to do. After, his hair feels smoother, somehow, more creamy, but then again, the last shower he had was a hurried one in the quinjet, and the one two months ago in Tony’s workshop.
“I’m gonna check for chemicals, okay?” He hears Tony ask. Before he can muster up the strength to nod, the sharp jab of a needle is pierced into his bicep and left in for a few seconds before it’s pulled out.
“I’m fine, Pepper, I’m fine,” he laughs. “Really, Nat’s been taking care of me and the rest of the team seems happy enough. You stay in California, I don’t want to make things difficult for you.”
Below his left shoulder is just a chasm of black where his arm is supposed to be, and dammit, he knows he doesn’t have that arm, has known for seventy years, but he can really see the difference now, can really see what they did to him. The mangled bits of metal offer more proof of Hydra’s experimentation on him, and their desire to use him for their own purposes and nothing more.
Steve is shameless when drunk, so when he sees Tony, he gasps and pushes Clint away, stumbling so severely he might've fallen at least three times attempting one step if it not had been for the wall.
“Quit being a sap. I know that.” Tony shook his head, his grin growing then quickly fading. Steve huffed a laugh but said nothing more.
When Steve gave him the okay, Clint was cheering and patting his own back, shouting, “I'M ACCOMPLISHED, BITCH!” He then shoved Steve away and demanded he change into something more outdoorsy (“You dress like such an introvert,” he had said).
Maybe this was just childish admiration, that Tony Stark really was a prick but he just had mediocre qualities. But maybe it wasn't just admiration. Maybe it was genuine affection and caring that pulled Steve to Tony and vice versa. The saying goes that a man bullies a person he secretly values and loves, but this can't possibly be counted as bullying, right? It’s just their usual arguments. Nothing too heated, nothing too calm. Just--casual banter. Casual banter is what it is. What
Except--when Tony did it, it didn't come out as a question or an offer. More of a suggestion or demand.
There's a long, awkward pause, then Steve finally says, “Love you. Good night.” And then he passes out right there.
Tony wasn't messing around when he started the vehicle. With a nearly-finished granola bar hanging from his mouth, the brunette was zooming to the adoption center, ready to get his baby and love on him forever.
“Put your hands up!” The cop demanded, and Tony did so. The blond approached him cautiously, almost making it to grabbing distance before Tony, a dumbass, made a break for it. Needless to say . . . he didn't succeed in his escape.
Was that an extremely dangerous act? Yes, it was. Was it incredibly dumb? Yes, it was. But did Tony care? No, he didn't. He craved danger as much as he craved Steve's heat.
In that second, as he looked back and forth between Tony and the vintage picture of him, Steve frantically asked himself,
He found Tony Rogers, a jewel of a man, and he’ll fall for him over and over and over again, until the end of time.
Or maybe not. Maybe Steve says Tony's a prick because he genuinely likes him and he's so inexperienced with longing and loving feelings that all he can do is express himself like a teenage boy.
Steve thanked them silently all times, grateful for their carefulness, as he would've snapped otherwise thanks to irritation from work.
He'd kiss that forehead or bring those knuckles to his lips, sniffing in silence his loving boyfriend's captivating smell whilst he slept behind or against him. It wasn't just the smell of grease that lingered, for your information (Steve wasn't a weirdo). There was always that lemony citrus smell in his hair too or that strong macho cologne sprayed onto his collarbone--and combined Steve would've laughed, had it been anyone else wearing such a pair. This was
The baby bed was blue and the bars could slide up and down so it'd be easy to pick out and keep in their plus one. Steve was surprised with how prepared Tony was, and was also surprised that he agreed with all the options. They purchased every item immediately after about a thirty-second discussion before each one, and weren't disappointed when they arrived at the doorstep in such short timing.
He’s being helped into a taxi by Clint, mumbling incoherent nonsense with a flushed face and a woozy mind. Clint forces himself next to him (since Steve literally couldn't move himself), shoving the blond to practically sprawl out in the back.
Maybe the haunting call of the sea wouldn't leave him alone probably until he died, but his nasal bridge would now be his new favorite body part, and Tony would still be the most beautiful person in Steve Rogers's world.
"Doin' what again?" Tony rose a brow, opening up the file in his hands and continuing to read what he could make out.
After a moment of silent flicking and flacking, Steve finally says, “This is usually something you wear near Christmas, Tony. You know that, right?”
know? “To be fair,” Steve continued, “I signed up for that experiment, but . . . It would've felt better if I wasn't looked at as a failure before I was even transformed.”
Tony was the one to carry the bub to his room, laying him in the crib and putting a toy near his head. Steve draped an arm over his shoulders and sighed in contentment, smiling weakly at their new babe.
Tony doesn't know of this little fact to this day, but Steve still looks back on the night Tony asked him out, thinking of how it was such a coincidence since Steve himself had been measuring every possibility up to that very night. He'd been humbled and stiffened by Tony's possible reactions, weighed down by the thought that Tony would reject him when he was going to ask him out.
There are many other patrons around, Tony's sure, but he could only distract himself for so long before going back to thinking of what he's done just two nights prior.
Tony nearly chokes on his coffee from the question, putting his own cup down in a panic. He wipes his mouth and slowly swallows the beverage, clearing his throat to stall on his answer.
Okay, listen, he was out that night, looking to get drunk with Rhodey and have an overall good time, but then something--some
He dug around almost frantically (and sloppily) for a certain file, determined to find it despite the sloshing of his brain.
The whole night Tony's been chugging down beers and reading through Howard's old files, letting his sober thoughts come stumbling out of his drunken mouth.
After a year of marriage and no break from their superhero business to actually focus on their now connected private lives, Tony took the rare opportunity to ask about adopting a little munchkin of their own. It took some begging and whining, but Steve finally said yes (of course after lecturing Tony about how they’d have to balance their responsibilities now, those being their jobs, their relationship, and now a little rascal to look after) after some persuasion.
Of course, Tony didn't really think Steve was an asshole--if anything, Steve was a really generous person, and he'd seen it with his own eyes--but with all the problems Steve's mystery was giving him he couldn't help the light insults slipping from his tongue here and there.
"Rrr . . . Research! Please don't wurry." Tony slurred helplessly, his grip on Steve's forearm falling as the captain stepped closer to the growing pile of files a foot away. The blond picked one up and quickly scanned through the contents, looking at Stark the second he finished. "You're doing it again."
To Steve, smell didn't mean much. Sure, it was nice to classify things from scent alone--such as a beautiful dinner or pleasing perfume--but to Steve, smell didn't mean all that much unless his nose was capable of detecting illegals like police dogs could do.
Steve sighed. “Listen, Stark. If you want to not be puzzled anymore, I'm open for a talk. This is the first day where all of us are gathered together and I'm really not trying to meet any potential enemies.”
Nobody could love him. Nobody would ever love him. Tony believed so. But as Captain America pulled him in for a kiss to show just how much he meant those three simple words, Iron Man realized just how wrong he was.
For a moment, the man seemed to actually be considering the suggestion, looking into Tony's eyes, then to his lips, then into his eyes again. He shook his head though, which was a shame, then started pulling Tony back to the bar, where his car was parked in front of.
during parties. You're . . . Well, I don't want to say incredible, but . . . that's exactly what you are.”
Thinking of it as odd, the brunette unplugged his phone from the charger and looked to see what the notification was. He swiped to open the app, being greeted by a text from Steve saying, “Meet at the downtown cafe.” The text was recent, sent only a few minutes before he awoke, and right now it's 5am, the sun barely risen in the horizon. But, no matter. It's not like Tony had a regular sleeping schedule.
He had tried to wipe it off, find proof that he could never be loved by Steven Grant Rogers. Find proof that he could never be loved by anyone. But as he searched the captain's face that night for even the slightest peep of sarcasm, he couldn't find it. If it was there, Cap hid it well. All Tony Stark could see was absolute genuineness. It was almost unfathomable. How could Cap mean this? Tony had almost thought of it as a crime.
He believed he was righter than right about anything thanks to his bloated ego, and that also meant he believed he was right when he said nobody could love him simply because he was who he was.
seriously. He didn't want to burden anyone with things that were going on where he was the center of attention, even though by doing that he unknowingly made people more concerned.
Tony looked left and right, over his shoulder and through the double doors, but the second his eyes were pulled back into Steve's, he realized
Steve sucks his teeth, dropping his pen and holding his face up against the palms of his hands. Under his breath, he mutters, “What a prick . . . “
The day before prom, Tony was opening his locker, taking his stuff and shoving them into his bag quickly so he could see Steve before he walked home with Bucky. As he closed his locker, he was frightened of the sight of Steve right next to him, leaned against the neighboring locker and studying him carefully.
He had suspected, however, that the gang already knew he had these lonesome moments, toasting to his own demons and the memories that came with. But with Steve never coming out during these times and everyone being respectful, they never had a real glimpse of this darker, more vulnerable side of their captain.
And then everything went silent. Tony looked at Steve seriously, although his drunkenness was still heavily apparent.
He had slid into the same booth as that eye-catching man and did as much of a suggestive pose as he could, but, instead of being greeted with a smirk back and some flirty comment, he got a surprised, shaken stare, as if the man was seeing ghosts.
Tony could feel heat on his ears under his hood. He didn't know if that was because of Steve or because he was wearing a hoodie in 84 degree weather. "Uh--I didn't, actually. You yourself are a puzzle so . . . maybe check yourself out." Tony shrugged passively, trying to dodge the awkwardness that had already overpowered him.
When they decided on one, they got him and drove back home, Tony now being the passenger as he gawked at their little one. His and Steve's little one.
Steve walked up to Tony, folder in his arms. “Tony, look.” He called, eyes still glued to the picture of Happy Howard. Tony looked up from his holographic screen to see what Steve wanted him to, and immediately after seeing Howard's face the brunette rolled his eyes and looked back to his 3D layout. “So he can pose with a robot but not show up to even
Before they had gotten together Tony had measured every possibility that could happen if he took the chance to ask the captain on a date. He thought of every reaction--would Steve be astonished, grateful, excited, or would he be confused, unsure, or disgusted?--every response--would he say "Yes! Of course!" Or "No! Of course not!"--every little thing, Tony thought of.
okay so ever since i posted chapter 15 i realized i made the mistake of letting steve have two chapters in a row so this chapter will be tony's 2nd chapter in a row and then i'll let the pattern turn back to normal
Again, the brunette said nothing. She simply brought up a sticky note of her own, this one white and again covered with Steve's writing. “Give this orange sticky note to a guy with brown hair and brown eyes. He has a disgruntled expression 24/7.” It read. Then on the back there was a quick sketch of Tony himself, strikingly similar to the real thing.
Steve never said anything. He just welcomed him with a smile and opened his arms for Tony to cuddle into him--or when
They made eye contact, more chaotic confusion building alongside tension. “You annoy me.” Tony said finally, moving a step back from the captain.
Okay, maybe hooking up with an officer that’s on your case isn't ideal, Tony realizes as he sips nervously from a martini glass. Right now he's surrounded by friends that work under the same criminal business as him, blaring music acting as a fuel for this chaotic night. It's actually a baby shower for Natasha Romanoff, a Russian spy, and her fiancé Clint Barton, who's sort of her hawk eye when it comes to scouting policemen or any law enforcement figure. There’s also Tony's CEO and partner-in-crime Pepper Potts, a woman he once had something beautiful with, and Peter Parker, a boy who's life was turned so upside down that he accepted his fate and started to rob places as a living.
When it was time to go home, Tony would always linger by the front doors just to watch Steve walk out with Bucky, as he usually did. Every day, Steve came out at the same time, same way, same person chatting in his ear relentlessly. It took a week but eventually Steve noticed him loitering and would wave to him kindly. Tony would nod back in response, and then Bucky would look at Steve and get real close to him, mumbling things Tony never quite got the translation of. Which made him more suspicious. Which made him more irritated. Which made him more infatuated by Steve as the days went by. After all this time, you'd be surprised if Tony said Steve
for Steve to get out of the car, because by then, he was already inside the shelter filling out paperwork.
wanted to be spooned that night, he'd keep the smile and then turn his back to the brunette, then he'd be encased by those strong arms drenched in love just for him. He'd study those fingers or play with that hair, noting the dried grease under the brunette's nails or on strands of coffee brown, the scent of the liquid vague yet so recognizable, because this was
i've been threatening to eat myself since i realized this god awful mistake and now i'm finally correcting it so thank god
And this was the thing that bothered Tony the most: why didn't Steve have a girlfriend? With everything that Steve's being is, he should've at least had five relationships by now. But there's only been one publicly shared before, a fact Tony found out only last month. Steve claimed he'd only dated one girl back in middle school, her name Peggy Carter. They broke up because Steve moved to Manhattan and Peggy had no solid reason to tag along, so they had to break it off. Surely after two years Steve would've moved on but, Tony overheard him on a handful of occasions referencing Peggy with such longing and delicacy that made Tony realize the fact that maybe Steve was still not over her.
“Tony, I knew your father. He was a good man, truly.” He said gently, placing a hand on the younger man's shoulder.
Tony was already set with items to buy for their new family member. He picked out toys, constructors to add an extra bedroom, and a crib. The crib was Tony's absolute favorite part.
Even after all their strenuous quarrels or their searing glares to one another, Steve never found the billionaire ugly. As a matter of fact, whenever Tony's eyes do all the work and dig into Steve's soul, the captain could honestly never find him anymore beautiful than that. The way his eyes contorted with all this passion, emotion,
Many people found Tony Stark ugly, even the man himself did. But Steve Rogers didn't. Never once had he thought that since he's met the man.
“Do you expect me to believe that?" Steve asked helplessly, staring at Tony's bruised and bloodied face with tainted determination. His voice was so soft Tony could barely hear him.
Steve was scrolling through his phone while procrastinating on homework when Tony--his edgy ass boyfriend--burst inside his room with a tomato-red face, his favorite AC/DC jacket clenched tightly in his fist. "MY FUCKING ZIPPER BROKE!" He yelled, nearly causing Steve to go deaf.
Tony did as told, now spotting the beginning of the rose-petal-and-confetti trail. He walked down it. After passing a few trees, he found another paper. “Remember when you brought a beer that one time and we shared it as we watched the sunset like gaylords? That was fun. But I do have to say, Stark, your taste in alcohol sucks ass. But I still love you all the same. ^u^ - Steve x.” It said.
Tony places the bag holding the two reindeer headbands down on the kitchen counter beside Steve Rogers, the blondie who's making himself a coffee. Steve looks at the bag, then at the billionaire suspiciously. “What's in the bag?” He asks.
Tony left the building and started walking down the sidewalk. The downtown cafe was far from his neighborhood, but Tony had no intention of returning home for a while. Home just gets so lonely when your parents are barely ever home and your maids only tolerate you because they get paid big time.
When he made it down to the floor, he saw Bruce walking out of the lab. They exchanged quick hellos before disappearing from each other's sights. When Steve took foot into the lab, he called out to Tony, “Where's Bruce heading off to?”
Work for Steve Rogers was tiresome every day; everyone in the tower knew it when they saw the captain practically crawling through the elevator doors with his hair disheveled, his S.H.I.E.L.D. suit scuffed, and the obvious stretchy worn-outness of his attitude. They'd share soft hellos with the poor man then just let him go on his way to his "home", keeping their conversations low out of respect for his certain headache.
“I won’t,”  Tony promises, and there’s so much conviction in his voice that Rhodey can’t help but believe him.
Bucky snorts, and suddenly the tension lessens considerably, and it becomes a little easier to breathe. “You were never a boy scout,” he says, and watches as the corner of Tony’s mouth twitches as well. “A little too gay for that, probably.”
because I was too much of a coward?” his voice breaks again, and now he’s doing what Bucky wouldn’t: crying.
on a bench with some colored pencils or charcoal, content with the knowledge that no one was here to see his drawings or judge him, no one was there to peek over his shoulder and see a little too much.
“My name’s Bucky,” Bucky says, and his mind presents him with a new memory, one from his first year of schooling, when he had to say the very same thing to his teacher and the class. He’s somehow more nervous for this introduction, however.
She nods sympathetically and walks over to gather him in her arms, stroking his hair as he shakes against her shoulder. She’s soft and warm, and Tony knows it’s pathetic, but he can’t help but feel safe with her.
“I just–” he goes back to pacing. “There were people in cars who got into car crashes, and instead of helping, you’re talking with a teenage girl?”
The final sketchpad (black), surprisingly, seemed oddly easy to pick up after the last two. He knew he really shouldn’t be nonchalant about this one, but after the last two, it seemed easy to look through in comparison. He flips it open to the second page, where he always puts his first drawing in any notebook.
Tony snorts, and rolls his eyes almost… affectionately? “You need to stop paying attention to me,” he says, and Bucky grins.
He takes the elevator up to the kitchen, slumping exhaustively against the railing lining the metal walls and running a hand idly up and down his swollen stomach. At this point, he’s more than accustomed to the fact that he’s going to have a tiny human, and soon. And yet, even as he approaches his delivery date in four or so weeks, he can’t help but think that something’s missing.
Steve pauses mid-sentence, mouth slightly agape. “When?” he manages, though he’s pretty sure he knows.
The kiss is soft, and warm, and slow, and perfect, as far as Bucky’s concerned. Tony’s lips are soft, if not slightly chapped, and Bucky maps them as best as he can with his own. Bucky closes his eyes and pulls Tony as close as he can, mindful of the bump between them, careful not to pull too hard. He tilts his head slightly for a better angle and Tony kisses him like that, sliding the hand from grasping his jaw to the cupping the nape of his neck to tangling into his hair, forcing Bucky closer. They stay like that for what must be at least half a minute, the kiss never deepening, until Tony pulls away and opens his eyes slightly, giving Bucky a slightly shaky smile.
There’s something calculating in their depths, and Tony’s breath catches as Steve stares him down, and he cannot shake the notion that he is nothing more than personal entertainment for this man, nothing more than something funny and amusing, something to play with before eating.
He grins when Bucky swears and nearly burns himself on the stove, knowing even if he did he’d heal in a couple minutes anyway. He watches in delight, however, as Steve blushes a bright crimson, and looks away, giving Tony a good view of his ears which are burning a steady red at the tops.
But Steve is done. He is so done, and he is also sick of feeling this way, of feeling like it’s a chore to get up in the morning, to draw, to do anything that isn’t sleeping. Even then, he has slight insomnia that keeps him up well past three and forces him to be alone with his own thoughts while he stares at the ceiling, an experience that can be best described as… not fun.
There are a million ways to end the sentence, but Tony knows to focus on the last thing. No one ever did something so drastic without the absolute concrete notion of there being something they wanted that they believed they would never get.
She really was. Bucky had requested black and Tony had complied, but not before adding streaks of dark navy that glittered like the night sky, and flecks of silver paint that sparkled like stars. Bucky had told Tony that he used to go riding at night when he couldn’t sleep in the months leading up to him joining the military in the forties, and Tony had taken that and ran with it, his thoughts and Bucky’s amounting to the starry beauty that was a motorcycle.
“I’m sorry, too,” Steve says, and Bucky’s opening his mouth to protest, but Steve holds his hand up. “You, ah, know what I did to Tony. You know how I handled it.”
When the doctor lets him go he tries to go back to his room, wanting nothing more than to curl up and cry himself to sleep.
“Didn’t see you in the fight,” the man offers instead, voice husky. He’s not lying, that’s really how he found out. Ah, so he didn’t get drugged.
“I don’t like motorcycles nowadays,” Tony admits. “They’re too big, and I figured you’d be a little more comfortable with this.”
The journey took a little over forty minutes, and Bucky’s been drifting in and out of sleep the entire time, staying awake enough to register the hushed whispering that floats between the two in front, but not nearly enough to understand what words are actually being spoken.
He thinks that Steve notices, but he also knows that his best friend respects Bucky enough to know that he’ll tell Steve when he’s ready.
Clint nods and hooks his arm around Natasha’s shoulders, which she doesn’t shake off, interestingly enough. “Can I tell Phil?”
Then he lost Tony, a man who was all the things Steve liked about the new world encompassed into one person. He was vibrant and funny and handsome and wore technology like a second skin. He was also arrogant and a pain in the ass, but his facade was cracked. Steve knew, he
Bucky, in spite of himself, smiles. Then he bites the inside of his cheek nervously, trying to think how to phrase his next question. There are butterflies in his stomach, actual butterflies, and the last time he remembers being this nervous is… actually, scratch that. He can’t remember.
Bucky’s not sure of the specifics, but somehow he finally gets Steve’s cock free around the same time Steve pulls out Bucky’s, and then it turns into a race of trying to get the other one off faster.
Bucky nods, slowly. He tries to stop his mouth from opening and spilling out the words resting on his tongue, but they do, anyway. “I remembered how scared I’d be coming home every day, wondering if you’d finally coughed up that lung,” he says, staring down at his food instead of at the all too understanding eyes of Steve Rogers.
Beside him, the Soldier is silent. “I have… a fixation, if you will, on your Captain. My instincts scream at me to shoot him. Who is he?”
Steve buries his head in his hands and takes a deep, rattling breath. “Do you have any idea,” he says, his words slightly muffled, “what it’s like to wake up in a world where the love of your life is dead and, not only that, the last memory you have before dying yourself is
“There should be some steps comin’ up,” Steve says behind him, a warm and comforting presence at his back. Bucky forces his shoulders to relax and nods, even though he knows Steve can’t see him.
Bucky then had associated the memory with pain and betrayal, because for the first time he’d truly seen Steve as a coward. The whole situation had also been extremely ironic because Steve had never been weak in his old body. He had thought, at the time, that Steve in his old body would somehow have been more strong, would have said yes to Bucky’s pleading. He knows better, now. He knows it wouldn’t have mattered if Steve was eight or two feet tall, he still would have said no.
To Tony’s surprise, he doesn’t actually feel any ill feelings towards Steve when Bucky nods happily. Instead, a dull ache in his heart throbs, but it’s way less pronounced than he would ever guess it to be when he thought about this moment of Bucky confirming he was sleeping with another man. He’s… happy for Bucky, he realises with a jolt, and
“Because you fucked me? It’s been a month!” Tony tells him incredulously. He’s all but forgotten about it, himself.
A ripple of unease slithers under Steve’s skin as he flounders mentally, trying to fish for an answer to give Bucky. He settles for just nodding with bated breath, awaiting his verdict.
So instead, Bucky lets out an exasperated sigh and swings his pillow, this time managing to catch Steve off-guard. The resounding thwack of cotton and whatever is inside of pillows is satisfying against Steve’s chest, and the man gives a small grunt of surprise.
From what Bucky’s picked up, Tony doesn’t trust easily. Yet time and time again Bucky’s seen small moments of it in their interactions, like when Tony took his suit off in that courtyard so Bucky didn’t get hurt by his own bullets, or the time he waited in the alley for Bucky to return, without any doubt that he would.
last thing: the body pillow thing was just me giggling about how justin bieber body pilows used to be all the rage lol
Right when Dr Matty opens up her notebook and asks him to tell her what happened, he’s off like a faucet. Steve can see she’s surprised in the crease of her brow and the pucker of her mouth, but she hides it well. Tony later informs him that for most people, it takes several sessions for them to trust a therapist, much less tell them everything at once.
“Tony, I’m still not sure of everything that happened between Steve and I. I don’t have all my memories back and I’m trying, I really am, but I just can’t
He was different from other people Tony had started to fall for too. He was sweet where Steve was mean, and firm where Steve was lax. He was understanding where Pepper wasn’t, and supportive where she would try to coddle him. The less said about Tiberius Stone and Sunset Bain, the better, as it went without saying that Bucky’s flaws were better than their entire personalities.
how Tony had made him feel, too. Tony Stark had been like a breath of fresh air when he was drowning in a sea of unfamiliar sounds and sights and
Just before he cracks it open he registers that, wait a minute, this belongs to Steve. He’s seen Steve around with these, always doodling in them; everyone had. While Bucky was thrilled that his friend was reverting back to his artistic tendencies, he also felt a little disappointed and… betrayed? Maybe? That Steve didn’t see fit to show him anything.
“Steve…” Tony starts, but he doesn’t quite know how to finish. They’ve all been there at one point or another, but somehow, even knowing that Steve has diagnosed c-PTSD and depression, Tony’s been holding onto the thought that maybe Captain America would be exempt from such thoughts. Clearly not.
He waves them away, gesturing at his suit, and they seem to understand. He turns back to the girl and catches both her hands where they’d been sneaking towards a belt around her waist, pinning them above her with one gauntlet while the other swipes the belt away, placing it behind him.
Just like that, the ice is broken and Bucky feels a smile stretch across his face. “I think it’s the ugliest fuckin’ building I’ve ever seen,” he tells Steve.
” Bucky warns before he’s suddenly arching off the bed, a fit of laughter overtaking him. Steve pins his ankles to his lap and starts wiggling his fingers ruthlessly on the underside of Bucky’s feet, a maniacal grin stretched wide across his face.
“Look,” Tony says, interrupting Bucky’s train of thought. He’s looking away, caged in by Bucky’s arms but avoiding eye contact. He clears his throat. “If you want to forget about… it… we totally can. I mean, if I was in your position I’d probably want to, you know?
His heart had begun pounding a furious tattoo against his ribcage, and Steve sucked in a harsh breath, his hands clenching at his sides. Bucky, of course, didn’t notice, still wallowing in self-pity.
“I’m not going to ask you to do that, Bucky,” Tony whispers, and suddenly he means it, because he gets it. This whole thing doesn’t completely revolve around him, and it
He sets the clothes on the blue bench by the door, separating the two piles. There’s a button on the wall and Steve hits it, a sudden hiss filling the small room as the showers turn on in the next room.
“I just wanted to give you something, here.” Tony tosses a small device to him, and the Soldier catches it easily with his metal hand. Tony tracks the metal fingers’ movement for a second, marveling at the control. He’s startled out of his reverie when the Soldier starts talking again.
“I think I’m okay, Tony. Just got some of my memories back,” he finally murmurs, and Tony sighs with relief.
knows what to do, he knows that with everything going on between Tony and Steve, that’s probably not the first thing he should do.
He figures that the black leather jacket the Soldier had been wearing was still sufficient, and only stopped to grab a pair of clean socks before making his way to the back of the workshop and rapping on the door.
It goes on like this: drawing after drawing of the most painful moments of Steve’s life, moments he had to put out on paper because he felt that he would surely kill himself if they only lived in his head, replaying forever on a sinister loop.
He did notice when Steve’s chair skidded back on it’s legs, pushed out carelessly by the man who had just been sitting in it. Doubt filled as Steve stalked towards Bucky and the other man looked up, his eyes quickly turning… fearful?
Bucky can barely nod, fighting not to let his eyes roll back into his head with unconsciousness. Never in his life has he felt pain this extreme, even when Hydra cut open his back to put in the metal framing for the arm, or when he got shot four times as a punishment for failing to kill a mark. It feels like liquid pain is being fed into the rest of his body from the arm, and it
Bucky nods, and stands, helping Steve to his feet. Bruce supports him from the other side, and they carefully guide Steve to the sofa to sit down. Steve stumbles and sways a little, and Bruce can see that given the chance, he’d try to fall asleep standing up.
JARVIS was right. There was no way what was happening could be missed. A buzzing sound that sounded like angry wasps got louder as he approached his destination, and by the light of the streetlights he could make out the makers of the noise.
. Steve remembers dozens of hundreds of thousands of kisses, soft, quick, searing, loving, passionate… But Bucky has to struggle to remember even one, and even then he’s not sure whether it’s come from his imagination and shower jerk-off fantasies or if it’s an actual, real memory.
“Never mind, Buckaroo,” Tony says, turning to his boyfriend and smiling, before waddling over to the nursing chair and sinking down into it with a sigh. “This feels so good, you have no idea.”
The thought made a shudder run through his frame and spurred a wave of anger to wash over him. He stops his relentless rhythm to pull out almost all the way before
Here he knows it’s okay, it’s okay to be human, he’s already cried, dammit, but something still holds him back, something still feels ashamed at how he started
As for Natasha and him and where they stand with Tony’s new predicament, he made her agree not to tell anyone, and in return, she demanded that as soon as he started showing he had to stop being on active duty. He’d grumbled about it at first but ultimately accepted her terms.
They stop for gas. It’s about twenty minutes from when Bucky’d taken off his arm, and he’s spent his time going through the boxes quietly and foraging for anything useful. Most of the boxes do, in fact, have shoes in them, but Bucky needs something preferably sharp… he can barely contain his smile when he sees one full of stilettos, all colors.
He shivers where he lays and forces himself to get up, going to the small bathroom to brush his teeth with terrible tasting mint toothpaste that makes his mouth burn, telling himself those feelings would abate, they had too. The things inside his head were
Marire stifles a laugh in her hand. “You’ve spelled it wrong, Thor. That says “Qua-cakers, not Qua-ckers.”
He pours every last bottle down the drain, watching as it swirls and sloshes, the amber and clear liquids disappearing. He clenches his jaw and forces himself to watch, hating that it’s affecting him this way.
Images of Steve filled his mind after that thought, blonde hair wet and plastered to his forehead, muscles flexing as he thrust inside Tony’s ass, the groans that had been punched from him… On second thought, maybe don’t go there.
And now, it isn’t really Steve that doesn’t like Tony, either. He loves him, enough to respect the boundaries Tony’s set up. It’s got to be killing him, though, being so far from his daughter. He hasn’t said it explicitly, but Tony would put down money for the lack of closeness with his unborn baby being one of the factoring reasons for Steve’s breakdowns, which, oh God, was over Bucky and Tony leaving him...
It’s true; the first time Tony Stark had ventured out with a noticeable bump (without anyone else, because that would have been highly suspicious), he’d graced the front pages for nearly a week. All sorts of speculations were thrown around, but “he’s getting fat” were his and Bucky’s favorite by far. It had made them both laugh until they were wheezing, because what a fucking idiot that reporter had to have been.
“Everything short of marriage or eloping is fine, I guess, because I do want to be fucked regularly still–” Bucky snorts, “–but maybe as long as there are no sleepovers? Or maybe not that often? I don’t know. I just…”
Sometimes, seemingly out of nowhere, Howard would be in a good mood and tell him another tale of the two supersoldiers, or some random detail about them. Tony would carefully file each tidbit of information away in his mind, steadily building the two men and their personalities up in his head.
“Bruce!” Bucky says, and his voice is urgent. “Can you fix up Steve? I think his cuts healed over the shrapnel in his hands.” He wipes off the tears on his face and clutches Steve tighter. “
Whatever it is, it makes Tony want to run over and give him a hug, but he doesn’t. Instead, he hardens his own expression and turns to Bucky, giving him a firm kiss. “Let’s go,” he mutters, and gently leans his weight away from Bucky’s body, wincing and wobbling slightly as his legs and lower back protest loudly.
Tony grinds his teeth together. “Who the fuck told you?” he demands, and Bucky fights the urge to shrink back.
Like the man next to him, he stares straight forward. It’s a while before either of them speak. Surprisingly, it’s the Soldier who goes first.
Despite Bruce’s optimism, however, Steve did have a concussion. He couldn’t remember what he’d eaten for breakfast, or why there was a shattered teacup on the ground. He really only remembered punching the wall because Bruce had had to pick shards of wall out of his knuckles, but other than that, he explained slowly, he didn’t really remember. He cringed away from the light Bruce tried to shine in his eyes, shutting them tight and hiding his dilated pupils, and Bruce sighed, but let him be.
in a suit and tie at some event or another, a red haired woman Bucky recognizes as Pepper from pictures hanging off his arm, although she was sketched in hurried, uneven lines, as if Steve hadn’t wanted her in the picture.
He leans down, craning his neck, and bites the wires with his teeth, severing them. They snap easily and Bucky rolls over onto his back, leaving the arm on the floor a couple inches away from him as he breathes heavily.
Tony sits back and grins, feeling like a weight’s been taken off his chest. It’ll be fine. He’ll be fine.
“It’s alright. I just… you get it. It just sort of all built up, and suddenly I just couldn’t stand the thought of being…”
Steve had stopped almost directly in front of him, barely a few inches spanning the space between their noses. Well, Steve’s nose and Bucky’s chest. Steve hated how much shorter and frailer he was, but didn’t let that get to him. “I know that, Buck,” he had whispered, watching in silent delight as Bucky breathed in sharply.
Once he’s finished one cup he feels better, so he refills his mug and turns around to face them, holding it close to his body and warming up his hands. A quick head count reveals they’re all here except for Steve and Bucky, who could be God knows where.
“Not those, then,” Tony says gently, soothingly. “Alright, then, if that’s a yes, can you sit back down for me? This should only take twenty minutes or so.”
Bruce takes a deep breath through his nose, lets it out through his mouth. Tony can tell he’s trying to keep his cool.
it ends teasingly, and Bucky snorts aloud. It’s signed with a capital T, and Bucky spends a moment mourning the typed words. He wishes he could see the actual handwriting, but immediately after he thinks this he feels a bit disgusted at himself.
“Be back,” she tells him, and Bucky thinks of Steve’s hugs and blinding smile and Tony’s perfectly coiffed hair and perfect grin as he tries his best to smile back warmly, conveying his thanks.
“I think he might have been… jealous,” Bucky says, and he looks pained, as if it hurts him to say this.
It’s curious, he thinks, how much love he used to hold for the older boy who became a man, and how much of it he’s starting to repair. This is somewhat of a revelation to him because quite honestly, Bucky had expected love to be a thing of the past after the Winter Soldier. Not necessarily because no one would love him, but because he wasn’t sure if he would be able to love anyone back.
Bucky always claimed that he hurried to the Rogers’ apartment building because he missed Steve, but Steve knew better. He could see the faint crease between his eyebrows, the same crease his mother gets when she gets home from the hospital. The crease was one of worry, and was for the state of Steve’s health. They were scared, he knew, that one day they’d come home and his heart would be stiller than a statue.
“Is out of the picture,” Tony says firmly. “He… hasn’t really said anything, and I think that’s confirmation enough.” He looks away.
“For a second…” Bucky starts, and swallows heavily. His next words come out in a whisper. “For a second I thought I had my best friend back. For a second, I thought you were there to tell me it was all a bad dream, that I still had my arm, that I hadn’t really been through seventy years of torture, that I hadn’t really killed hundreds of innocent people. I figured everything would be alright,” Bucky says, his voice cracking as he swallows his tears.
Over the last week, something seems to have shifted in his metal arm, leaving his shoulder in near-constant excruciating pain.
He shivers and shakes himself, rolling out his shoulders. Right. Lemons. That’s what’s important here.
He doesn’t exactly know what he’s doing here, and he doubts he’ll ever really know, but for now he’s content to stay in this fragile space of tenderness and racing hearts, enjoying and appreciating each other’s presence.
, that he cracks the book open, takes a peek, and promptly drops it. He flies to the ground to pick it up, turning it the right way and gazing, his jaw dropped, at the drawing there.
Tony sighs heavily, rubbing two fingers on the bridge of his nose. “Alright, we might as well get started taking measurements while you’re down here.”
“Is there anything I can do to help?” he asks finally. Tony freezes, as if that was the last thing he was expecting out of Bucky’s mouth.
Tony’s just laughing, rubbing his hand in the other. “Don’t worry about it,” he grins. “I shouldn’t have snuck up on you.” He nods towards the table. “What were you looking at?”
Steve doesn’t respond so Bucky leaves, walking to the corner of the living room farthest away from the bedroom. Steve will still be able to hear him, of course, but he’s choosing to ignore that for the time being.
Steve clenches his jaw and brushes past him, evidently trying to refuse to give him the satisfaction of reacting to what he said. He walks stiffly to his seat and pulls the straps secure over his chest with jerky movements, and Tony watches with no small amount of amusement, before flipping down his faceplate and lifting into the sky with a quick blast of his repulsors.
Bucky drapes himself dramatically over the foot of Steve’s bed, shoving his feet into Steve’s lap. Steve sighs loudly, and puts the book he was reading onto the floor before idly rubbing Bucky’s heels.
He’s at breakfast one day, however, when Steve finally brings attention to it. He’s been doing his very best to keep his pain hidden by forcing himself not to flinch when he moves it, and using his right hand for everything he possibly can.
“Bucky helped me,” Steve mutters. “And now he’s gone,” he chokes, and pushes his face between Tony’s shoulder blades, his nose poking into his spine. It’s uncomfortable, and as Tony’s shirt begins to get hot and wet in the back from the other man’s tears, he thinks that he should probably be comforting Steve right now, should turn around and tell him that everything’s going to be alright, but he just can’t.
), and the wildflowers Natasha’s working on that already cover half the wall. He lounges back a little on the couch, making sure not to hurt his shoulder, and just listens to the man in front of him drone on.
Bucky shakes his head and smiles. “I haven’t gotten laid in seventy years, Stark, speak for yourself.”
Tony just sighs and looks down at his swollen stomach, silently blaming his hormone-addled mind for saying such a thing.
Jarvis tells him Tony is in the workshop, so he heads down with his lemon and lets himself in, waving for Jarvis to turn off the music. “I brought you your lemon,” he says helpfully, alerting Tony to his presence.
The Soldier seems to consider it. “Food,” he finally says. Then, as an afterthought: “You’re buying.”
Tony smiles a little bitterly, chancing a glance at Steve while saying carefully, “you boys have fun, now,” before scurrying out of the room as fast his pregnant body will allow him to, fleeing to the safety of his workshop.
“So there was somethin’, wasn’t there?” Bucky challenges. “Dammit, Stevie,” (the nickname comes out of nowhere but it feels so right, so familiar, that he doesn’t even try to take it back), “what happened to you two?”
“Tony, have you not been sleeping these past three months?” Bucky asks, confusion and horror warring within him. How long has this man been suffering from them?
. They haven’t noticed him yet, and from the way they’re carrying on, he doubts they will. He leans against the empty door frame, unintentionally imitating Bucky’s pose, but with his hip leaning instead of his ass, and feels fleeting thoughts roll through his head, each one different than the last.
comments are welcome, please don't tear Steve apart too much, and also I'm doing my best to answer the other ones in other chapters; I'll get around to it I promise :)
Bucky shakes his head, baffled, and leans it against the headboard. “Imagine that,” he says, mystified. “Not even being able to jack off.”
Bucky leaps to his feet so fast he almost bangs his head on the car, and he tries to avoid looking Tony in the eyes as he stutters out that he needs to go. He manages to squeeze out a few disconnected words, trying to break the news gently, which is stupid because he’s maybe the least gentle person and he knows Tony will see right through it.
Bucky laughs once, a short sound that’s more of a forced noise then an actual chuckle. “It’s okay. I don’t mind being around,” he says honestly but makes sure to look away, to give Tony time to compose his face if he needs to.
When Steve deems him stretched enough he grunts as he lifts Tony even higher, before lining himself up and slowly sliding in. He groans, a low and guttural sound, as he’s slowly buried into Tony. Tony’s eyelids are half-closed with pleasure, and breath slowly leaves his body as he lets himself be impaled, moaning with Steve when he bottoms out. Steve leans against him for a few seconds to catch his breath before Tony cuffs him on the back of the head, saying breathlessly, “I thought you were going to fuck me?”
Steve was always better at bottling shit up, keeping it safe inside where no one could touch it. Bucky had removed all of his defenses in one go, leaving him stripped completely bare, pushing Steve to the breaking point.
“Maybe you should stay home, Iron Man,” comes a firm voice behind him. “If you’re sick, you shouldn’t be fighting.”
If it came down to it, however, he would be able to figure it out. The only issue is that at the mere thought of distangling himself from his heap in the corner of his train car and leaning over to ask for his phone, maybe having to potentially raise his voice for her to understand, starts a cold sweat down the back of his neck.
Rhodey want from Steve? And that’s when he realized… he might be pissed at Steve for what he did, he might hate him for all the emotional pain he put Tony through, but it’s over now. Tony seems happy with the other centenarian in the tower, and he seems to have made peace with the fact that he’s going to have a baby, even showing a little excitement. It’s obvious that Steve not being there for him and his growing daughter is tearing him up inside, but that’s because Tony Stark has always gotten attached to people too fast. Rhodey is confident he’ll get over it, especially with Bucky now in the picture.
