It struck her as odd that Stark could talk circles around Fury, though.  He was usually cannier than that.
Tony didn’t move as the man brushed a thumb over his chin, feeling caught in the man’s blue eyes (were they azure?). “Can’t say we’ve met before,” he managed to reply flippantly. “I’m Tony Stark. This is Rhodey.”
to find Tony either already asleep—it was quite late—or not in bed at all, if he were still in the lab.  He had maybe, at the outside, expected Tony to wake up when Steve got into bed.
The ice was still ice, but it was also looking more watery by the minute.
The reassurance must not have gone through very well, though:  the feeling of guilt intensified briefly, and then the bond closed off.
And there went this half-baked lead of Tony’s. He was still running out of time to fix his heart, but he found that he couldn’t regret finding Steve.
The man’s breath hitched, his eyes narrowing slightly as he squinted at Tony. Then he blinked, reaching out with a trembling hand to touch Tony’s face. His fingers weren’t as cold as before, but they still made Tony shiver.
“Naturally.”  Gwen coolly puffed once more.  God, cigarettes tasted disgusting these days; she wasn’t sure what had been done to them, but whatever it was, she didn’t approve.
He pulled the tarp closed enough to shield them from the worst of the wind but still letting some light in. The airship they’d taken to get to Nepal in the first place wasn’t that far off physically speaking, but the terrain wasn’t the easiest as there were no actual roads. Since they didn’t want a mechanical failure on account of going too fast, the trip would take them into the late afternoon.
there.  “I think what you really need, here, is an ally.”
“The bath?  It’s not rocket science.”
Tony’s stuff was still outside and rather poorly hidden. His enemies were the persistent sort, especially since they knew he found interesting artifacts. And while Steve wasn’t an artifact, he was interesting.
“As I was saying.  You would be begging, open and desperate—just like now, and have I mentioned I love you for this?—and only then,
and yet...
Tony almost wanted to ask what Steve meant by
adventures hadn’t prepared him for finding this…
Tasha was staring at her, watching her, wide-eyed.  The look was familiar, but it took Gwen a moment to place from where: it was the same look Tasha had worn when she realized she had underestimated Gwen, like Gwen was some kind of beautiful mystery of unexpected complexity.
That was a shame; Steve knew what was on the rest of the first video, and it was one of his personal favorite recordings in the world.  But it made sense, in a way, that Tony would prefer not to watch his own solo acts.
There was some kind of a device embedded in Tasha’s chest, pale blue and shimmering.  It emitted light—light that the thick, soft sweatshirt had blocked, and suddenly Gwen found it a lot easier to understand Tasha’s affection for the masculine style of suits—and, when Gwen put her hand on it, she felt the smallest, most microscopic of vibrations.
“Good.”  Steve kissed Tony again, then turned the scrubby on himself.
find the doll, he is instantly distracted with another matter:
Later that evening, once everything was packed save for what they still needed to camp for the night, Tony found Steve perched on a large boulder and staring at the Himalayas. The mountain range was shrouded in darkness but for the snow-capped peaks glistening in the starlight and the crescent moon.
“I’m probably going to come
… Tony didn’t have a lot of people in his life who genuinely classified as
“They’d be all over him,” Tony said. “You know that.”
he thought so loud it echoed.  “How the hell is that even comfortable?”
Tony’s voice was rough, and his hand was tight around his cock, his thumb the only part of it moving, just barely, over the frenulum.
That brought Tasha back to her side, jokingly (not jokingly) scolding her about running around on their first date.  “Well, given how
Somehow this seemed to involve singlehandedly picking up an entire box that had required the combined efforts of Jarvis and Rhodey when it’d been initially unloaded.
Tony shook his head. “At this point, who hasn’t seen me? I don’t remember meeting him, and I’d remember a face like that.”
Another pulse, followed by an interminable long wait, and then one more. The next one came faster than before.
“What was that?”
the edge of over-the-top.
“You should have let him.”
Maybe
Gwen wanted to think her voice came out breathy with desire, but when Tasha’s face hardened she knew she had blown it.  “Nothing you need to worry about,” Tasha said harshly.  She pushed lightly at Gwen, getting just a little room, then turned them both around like dancers so that Gwen was standing in the doorway, Tasha on the outside of her.
“We can look for them once we’re back,” Tony offered. “Give me some names and I can start.”
Steve sucked on the third finger once more and let it go again.  “Exactly the same place I plan to put my mouth, in a minute.  You like to watch, huh?”
The thought was bitter, and Steve hoped it didn’t go through cleanly.  He wasn’t sure if it did or not; regardless, Stark responded after a second by snatching the— the
“Something like that,” Tony settled on saying, flashing Rhodey a small smile. “Come on.”
It was a lot less colder than it had been moments before. Less solid, too. It was leaking water constantly now.
isn’t exactly far away from civilization.”
“Well, you’re definitely a bigger
It was remote, rural, and absolutely gorgeous if one went for that sort of thing. Even Tony, who liked all the amenities of civilization and the ability to charge his heart without having to go scavenging for batteries to mooch off of, could enjoy it. It was cold, but the kind of cold that made one take a deep breath and appreciate life.
Tasha surged back against Gwen, running a hand down her back, curving it around her rear and pulling in until Gwen groaned into her mouth.  “Yes,” Gwen bit out.  She nuzzled her way up Tasha’s neck to her ear, running the tip of her tongue around the shell and making Tasha shudder.
“I won’t hurt you,” Steve said entirely seriously, running a gentle hand through Tony’s hair, scratching lightly at Tony’s scalp.
Tony held Steve’s gaze, his heart skipping another few beats as he did so. There was no reason for such a reaction. Steve’s eyes weren’t any different from anyone else’s…
Like a key in a lock, the thought turned over in Steve’s mind, and, mystery solved, Steve was happy to throw the covers back and stand out of the bed.
), brushing the offending hand through his hair. “Steve. Rogers.”
Steve bit his lip savagely, tapping his toes inside his shoes, before peering out, cautiously, once more.
“You’re going to go to Fury with this? I thought we said you weren’t going to do that considering how we found him.”
“Oh, God.”
If he was human, the man was clearly enhanced in some special way.
Silently, Steve stepped forward, crossing the distance to kneel beside Tony, trying not to look at his own passionate face, frozen on the paused video in an expression of horrible vulnerability.  He circled the end of the bed and came up beside Tony before sitting.  The bed dipped under his weight and Tony shot upright.
“I know the risks, Rhodey,” Tony said quietly, seriously. “There’s been no one else out here but us. It might not even be what you’re thinking.”
Okay, well, one could say that about all mountain ranges (and the Earth in general if one were to get technical), but these were different. There was something mystical about them, a kind of gravitas and presence that other mountain ranges didn’t seem to possess.
be a goner and nothing anyone did would help. Jarvis wouldn’t be able to come up with a miracle to shock his heart back to life and Rhodey wouldn’t be there to help him limp back to a charging port.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, “what are you doing?”
back in her youth.
The blush that covered Tony’s cheeks was thankfully hidden in the dark and easily missed in the campfire’s light.
This was one of those times where he was stretching, hoping that there’d be something here but more of the opinion that there’d be nothing but a cool artifact that would make a nice story for the magazine. And maybe the artifact would be one for the museums or one that should be left in a dark hole where no one would ever find it again.
had a Van Dyke a few years ago, but it’d gotten a bit impractical to keep doing it so he’d downsized to a simple mustache during the war years.
Steve whined involuntarily.
, something in Tony suggested but that was just ridiculous). He kept up with them easily, bringing up the middle with Tony in the lead and Rhodey in the back.
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ENDING:
“I was telling you a story,” Tony grinned.  He reached down with his spare hand and pressed up, putting pressure behind his balls.  “About how I would love to eat you open.  Right?”
The screen was large—of course it was—and even craning his neck, Steve couldn’t see all of it.  He saw enough to recognize his own
Gwen bucked again, but that just drove her snatch harder against Tasha’s knee, sliding them together and
Steve closed his eyes and shortened his strokes, digging in with his left hand for purchase and for the feeling of powerlessness it gave him.  He shifted his weight to the side just to feel the plug in his ass press into him again, and that did it:  he felt the pressure shift from his balls to his cock, mounting up behind the plug before slowly dropping in long, slow, waves, as his come oozed out around the plug.
“God, you’re perfect.  I love you so much.  I’m keeping you forever, I hope you know that.”
He opened the clasps, dragged them down the same way his own pants were.  The red g-string was nothing more than a scrap of fabric, egregiously distorted around the hard, dark erection Stark was sporting.  Steve snapped the strings with two quick tugs of his fingers and took it, pulling it up to his nose and breathing deep.
that thing isn’t yours!”
It felt good, pulling his own hair, a counterpoint pain to the ache in his cock.  Steve let out a little moan, and Tony jerked in his seat.
“What the hell,” Rhodey breathed, his voice right by Tony’s ear.
But she was not, actually, talking about the shield.
“It’ll be advanced science,” Tony said, nibbling at the edge of his ration and trying not to think about the consistency of what he was chewing. “Science we haven’t gotten to yet.”
Tony moved to answer flippantly, then stopped as he considered the question more seriously. He’d thought the man might be an alien…
Tasha didn’t hesitate once she got the lay of the land; her mouth was as aggressive as the rest of her, sinking down directly over Gwen’s clit and sucking maybe harder than most would like it—but she had read Gwen correctly, and that was
Okay… There…was still something very weird going on here.
it felt wrong.
“I was going to say we barely know each other,” Tony said, tone low. “They know me and don’t care, but everyone else will. We won’t be in the middle of the mountains forever.”
For the HAPPY ending, go to Chapter 3
Gwen groaned, closing her eyes.  It hurt to move, and she let herself sag, falling against the floor as if unconscious because it was marginally less painful to lie that way.
“I think I was telling you about how I would open you.”
By the time Gwen’s cries were fading into silence, Tasha had pulled back, studying her as she stood there, spread open and clinging to the frame.  Thoughtfully, Tasha reached down and popped the snap at the top of her jeans, slipping one hand inside them and coming out with her fingers glistening.
Something was still odd, but Steve wasn’t a bad guy. Rhodey probably still harbored doubts, but Tony didn’t (couldn’t).
“Maybe he was frozen because he got on somebody’s bad side,” Tony said. “I know there are some that would have liked to freeze me and stick me somewhere to forget about.”
“Oh.” Steve averted his gaze, rubbing the back of his neck.
Once Tony saw that Steve was back in his own skin, he asked, “Is watching me part of it, for you?”
Rhodey whistled lowly under his breath, then proceeded to shift his weight from foot to foot, keeping his flashlight trained on the man Tony was crouched by.
Tony took a few more deep breaths. “I notice you’re saying nothing about the fact we found an actual human being frozen in a cube of ice in a cave in the Himalayas.”
"Hey," Steve greeted him, before wincing internally.  Hey?
“Do it,” Tony ordered, and that was all it took.  Steve
Gwen swallowed back her first response and clenched her hands into fists, hidden within the voluminous folds of her skirt.  At least the damned thing was good for
be fine but Tony ignored it (after all the times Rhodey had given him that look, Tony had it down to an art form).
. Granted, sometimes it seemed like he did with all the shit that happened every time he went to try and find something to heal his heart.
Sure, Tony wasn’t the best at not pushing himself, even if he knew exactly how much he
Turning his head to the side, Tony saw Steve sleeping on a pallet by the entrance to the tent. The shield (the shield that defied physics and holy shit Tony wanted to study it even more now) was half-lying on top of a toolkit that Tony recognized as being where their medical supplies were stashed.
lonely, doesn’t it?”
“I thought I had one with me,” Rhodey said, coming over to crouch by Steve. “Here’s one of the earliest issues we released. Featuring yours truly…and the suit,” he added, giving Tony a sidelong glance and a small smirk.
“Okay.”  Tony closed his eyes, then opened them again in a hurry.  “Okay—stop that.”
This is the DARK ending!  If you want the HAPPY ending, skip to chapter 3!
Steve smiled at him, the expression soft and gentle. Tony’s breath hitched at the sight, and his chest warmed (definitely not because of his poor heart). Abruptly, he had the urge to kiss Steve and it was only because they were in the back of a jostling truck with no safety equipment that he didn’t.
Less than a minute later, the Iron Man armor burst through the wall.
“We’re not staying in here!”
Steve beat Tony home that night—on purpose.  It wasn’t hard; Tony was contemplating buying a little tech startup out in Cleveland, and had planned to fly out and back in the armor, since that always added a nicely competitive edge to the negotiations.  “And because you like flying in the armor,” Steve had pointed out, amused.
“I’d lick around it,” Tony said, “and move it gently inside you.  Probe around until I found the prostate—”  Steve didn’t need the prodding, but at this angle, he couldn’t do more than brush it.  He strained, and sobbed in frustration.  “I’d slip another one in, then.  Twist them in your entrance as I slowly moved my mouth away, biting at the delicious globes of your ass as I moved.
Steve met his eyes, and Tony’s mouth went dry at what he saw in Steve’s.
Nighttime would be a different story, but Tony had the supplies needed to make it through without freezing his ass off. And if he forgot anything, Rhodey would have remembered it. His best friend was neat like that.
Tony staggered into the chair like a dying man.  "Okay," he said, "okay.  That, that's—fine.  We can do that—
Steve pursed his lips, clearly thinking. “Vibranium,” he answered finally. “It’s the rarest metal on Earth. Absorbs impacts like nothing else.”
“You know my name,” Zemo said mockingly. “Did you tell him, son?”
Letting out a slow exhale, Tony turned his head back to Rhodey. “You know how it is, Rhodey. The further we’re from civilization, the better the chances we find something.”
“There’s more where that came from,” Steve said, no longer in a defensive position. It should have looked ridiculous given he was in borrowed clothes that were at once a bit short (his pants were an inch above his ankles) and too tight (the seams of his shirt looked like they were liable to burst at any moment and Tony would be first in line with a loud
“Afraid of what?” Tony asked gently when Steve didn’t immediately continue.
“Are we seriously going to be debating the mechanics of magic while sitting in here?” Rhodey asked. “What about the possibly dead person in a block of ice that should
She froze, her gaze darting back up to Gwen nervously.  Gwen beamed and kissed her in response, gently.  No pressure; it wasn’t the time for that.
The look Rhodey shot him clearly said that now things
It was very nice, and Tony was definitely enjoying this more than he should. Except for how the boulder they were sitting on was ice cold and the wind chill wasn’t anything to sniff at either.
He was expecting porn, to be honest; the jerking off was kind of a giveaway on that one.  He wasn’t expecting precisely
The bond pulsed with the distinct sensation of a dick, achingly hard, pressing up against silk—
She dropped the bra—Gwen automatically caught it, so a point there to Stark—and then leaned back against the door of the changing room, making no move to leave.
As Steve was still shivering and seemed to stare vacantly into the distance, Tony immediately shoved him into the tent once it was set up. He also gave Steve the warmest blanket they had and some dried nuts and fruits. He didn’t want to give Steve anything heavier since he had no idea how long he’d been frozen for (and those terrible rations were definitely on the heavy side; at least fruits and nuts were more palatable).
“Maybe your team’s fine,” Tony said, squeezing Steve’s arm gently now that he was once more aware of the physical contact. “We can keep looking.”
Cole, the hair stylist, proved to be a slim young man with about fifteen colors and as many piercings on his own head.  He spoke with a lisp of people and events Gwen knew nothing about, but when she asked questions he proved happy to fill her in on the background.  She mostly kept quiet and let him talk as he worked; it was interesting.
“So what’s the deal with the shield?” Tony asked once they’d been driving for about fifteen minutes. “It’s not exactly standard Army issue.”
“I…” Steve took a moment, but then his shoulders squared and the shield went back up to its former position. “It doesn’t matter,” he said, determination in every syllable. “You can’t have Tony.”
“Tony?” Rhodey called hesitantly. “You freaking out is freaking me out.”
Steve. And, if he was being honest, he’d been a lost cause the moment Steve opened his eyes in that cave. The moment he’d even stepped foot into that cave, really.
deserved anything Gwen could do to them.
Tasha stepped back.  “Thank you,” she repeated.  As Gwen watched, a trace of real regret passed across her face before being covered by the familiar hard shell.  “I have work to do now,” Tasha continued.  “I’d love to trust that your offer is real... but I can’t.  I’m sure you understand.”
In a moment.
turned it around and made it okay again.”
“Where are we?” Steve asked, sitting up. He reached for the shield, pulling it to his side in a protective gesture.
For an instant, Tony froze, blinking dumbly. Spare parts? Spare…parts?
Her hair was neatly trimmed with only a single strip leading down towards dark, almost mauve-colored folds, and Gwen gasped at the sight of it.  She hadn’t known until this second that people did that—trimming their nether hair—but she found herself liking it a lot more than she probably should.  There was something perverse about it, something premeditatedly carnal.
he is not a
Judging from the current rate, it would probably be another ten minutes before they were able to take care of whomever was in the ice.
“If you think I’m going to hide in here while you’re out there, you need to reassess your plan,” Tony interrupted, shooting him a sharp glare. “I might not be able to get into the suit, but that doesn’t mean I’m helpless.”
“What were you doing before?”
it happened?”
Steve woke an hour or so later.  The room was dark—thanks, FRIDAY—and Tony was making little whimpers and jerking in his sleep.  Steve gently disengaged himself, only to find that they were actually stuck together, and every square inch of skin above his knees was itchy.  He shuddered and woke Tony.
He shoved the thought away and got his breathing under control, not wanting to interrupt Tony, not wanting to barge in now that things had gotten going.  But it was quickly becoming obvious, as the Steve on the screen groaned and the Tony in the room echoed the noise, that Tony was enjoying the watching, enjoying the show past-Steve had put on.  It wasn’t just that the Steve on the screen was orgasming—orgasming a lot,
shield, the star being the center point. It was surrounded by rings of red, white, and blue, exactly like the American flag. And underneath it…
Tony rolled to his belly, then clambered to his knees and then his feet.  “And, unfortunately, I need to go help Banner locate the Cube. Good we got this settled, though— that was... good, yes.”
like a human…
“Come on, Steve.” Tony kept his voice gentle as he pushed Steve away. “Let’s go back to camp. I’m freezing, and you can’t be much warmer since you were out here even longer than me.”
there, Tasha’s hands were
can’t help what he’s programmed to do.  So the
Hell, he’d live a lot longer if he just put up the Iron Man suit and the gig for good. But he couldn’t do that. Besides, he didn’t want to live just a
“That’ll go over wonderfully with our readers,” Tony said dryly. “‘There was something creepy in the village, so our intrepid adventurers decided to hoof it. The End.’”
exactly, but
(or just read the both, I guess; up to you, really!)
Neither of them wanted to move for a long time afterward, so they didn’t.  They didn’t even clean up.  Instead, they tipped sideways—more gravity than choice—and lay together in the bed, exchanging slow, grateful kisses.  From time to time, one of them would say, “Love you,” and the other one would answer, “Love you, too.”  That was the closest they came to activity, though.
“Hey, calm down.” Tony kept his voice calm and friendly, placing the shield carefully to the side. The man’s startlingly (gorgeous) blue eyes followed the movement, and his brow furrowed. “We’re friendlies.”
“Mm?” Steve looked up, giving Tony a curious look.
being worked by an obvious expert like Tasha.  Tasha’s hands were in the mix, too, although Gwen was having trouble tracking them; it seemed like they would both be there, and then neither, and then one or the other, and in some dim corner of Gwen’s mind she thought that was strange, but when the person being strange was doing
, but Tony was famous for more than that.
Hours of sitting in the dark on a bumpy truck didn’t exactly appeal to Tony, but he did have Steve here to help pass the time.
“I wasn’t exactly on the frontlines,” Steve said slowly. “Or, well…I was, but not with the rest of the troops. I led my own unit.”
Gwen shivered, not entirely because of the chill in the air.  She looked more closely at her wrists, where the metal frame held her.  Her arms weren’t over her head, but rather off to each side like the Vitruvian man.  Good; Gwen had proven that she could recover from loss of circulation, but the pins and needles was like getting eaten alive by fire ants.  Best to avoid it.
“That’s kind of what we were hoping you could tell us,” Tony said. “Including how you were somehow frozen in a block of ice.”
Tony resisted the urge to retort, instead focusing on staring at the steadily melting ice. The shield was almost out, the star already peeking out from the ice that had encased it.
They’d been underground for the rest of the day, and Tony’s watch told him it was past midnight. They should set up camp and warm up, try to make sure Steve really was as fine as he seemed.
Steve gasped as Tony's roving hand dropped even lower, cupping the lower curve of his rear and squeezing.  Tony's right hand was moving too, now, dropping from where it had cradled his cheek down to his neck, squeezing lightly before continuing downward.
Steve was furious, but not so angry that he was alone in his own head.  As he followed Iron Man into the helicarrier— Stark the younger, and boy, if Steve had thought
“I already do,” Tony said just a tinge sharply. A second later he exhaled, shaking his head. “I’m sorry. Yes, Rhodey,” he continued in a gentler tone. “I can’t explain it, but I do. I trust him. If you don’t trust him, can you at least trust me?”
“I think I like the third option best, though.”
“Now, c’mon.” Rhodey pulled out an M-ration, offering it to Tony. “We missed dinner.”
When they reached the meeting room, Miss Stark was not there.  Agent Coulson was, and Gwen held back a groan.  She actually liked Agent Coulson, but he did tend to stifle one a bit.  He gave his customary, cosseting smile, and began to explain the same thing Gwen had seen in her acclimatization reading, that Miss Stark was the heir to Stark Industries, and the head of engineering there, and she had been helping them track down that rogue villain Iron Man—
She sort of thought Stark might expect her to go slow; to be tentative in the face of a woman’s touch.  No one these days seemed to realize that Gwen had been with a woman before—and frankly, it was far enough from being their business that Gwen had been reluctant to share that fact.  But it meant she didn’t hesitate when she leaned in, that she wasn’t afraid to press close.  She cupped Tasha’s face in both hands and brushed her thumbs along the cheekbones.
“Right.”  It was hard to think.  His mind was cloudy and thick, like a small stream overfilled with floodwaters, turbulent and swollen.  He breathed out hard as he pushed a finger past his rim, all the way in.  It entered easily; Steve’s hole was still loose from the plug.
“We tied him and the others up and left them there. Didn’t really have space for an extra passenger, especially since we needed to keep you alive.” Steve paused, eyes dropping. “I was really worried,” he admitted. “I thought you were going to die, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I was too slow again.”
Tony shook his head in answer, meeting Rhodey’s eyes in the increasingly dim light of his flashlight. They would need to get out of here soon. Tony’s light was still good to go, but they hadn’t planned to spend more than a day spelunking.
She was, she realized, still wearing the thick, bejeweled bonds that Tasha had coaxed her into before that stupid party.  They clung like magnets to the thick metal frame of the door—or maybe not like magnets; quite possibly they were something more powerful.  Gwen frowned, sex-stupid and slow, trying to figure out what was wrong with them.
“...I have absolutely no idea.”
“Not with that one,” Steve said. He cleared his throat, looking vaguely embarrassed as he said in a vaguely songlike manner, “Each one you buy is a bullet in the barrel of your best guy’s gun.”
“You sure about this, Tony?” Rhodey asked in an undertone. “You don’t even know him.”
Blinking, Tony realized that the shield Steve had thrown had somehow made its way back and was bouncing around the clearing, happily knocking into every single minion that was stupidly standing in their spots.
clear?”
“This should really be happening in a hospital,” Rhodey said, coming to crouch by Tony. “But we’d never have gotten him out.”
There wasn’t much he hadn’t seen in his adventures so far, and this…this was
“You are a
“So you’re an adventurer?” Steve seemed stuck on this one topic, as he’d looked slightly surprised upon finding out what Tony did for a living. It was strange since Tony made no secret of what he did, and his name was well known (not to boast but it was the truth).
He seemed marginally more cheerful than he had yesterday, asking Tony questions about what he did and where he knew Rhodey from. He didn’t ignore Rhodey, but it was clear that most of his attention was on Tony, and he sometimes looked at Tony like he was trying to figure something out.
“Yes,” Tony said finally, opening his eyes to meet Steve’s. He moved forward to press a quick kiss to Steve’s mouth. “As long as you want.”
everyone is, how could I not?” Gwen asked, putting enough spin on the word
Tony’s supplies were still strewn about at ground level and appeared unmolested by anyone, goat or person. He gathered them, ignoring the curious look from Steve, and then started setting up camp for that night.
“No—please,
“Tony!” Rhodey grabbed at his arm, holding him back. “What are you doing?”
Well, that was why he had Rhodey.
“Helping out with the war,” Tony answered vaguely, waving his hand through the air. He paused, shooting Steve a sidelong look. “You know about the war?”
“A cave?” Tony shrugged, dropping his eyes to peer into the darkness that awaited them. “Pepper will probably come up with some kind of neat description, but that’s all I’ve got.”
hot when you’re pissed off— Jesus, no
He saw the exact moment Tony realized he was wearing the buttplug, because Tony went absolutely still, his eyes greedy and fixed on the slim blue handle.  He licked his lips and then clenched his jaw so hard Steve could watch a muscle in his neck twitching.  Then he opened his mouth again, but didn’t say anything.  His jaw worked.  His penis, still lying outside of his opened flies, started to thicken.
Steve whined and scratched frantically across his chest.
“Tony, you’re awake!” Steve moved over to him, hands fluttering briefly like he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to touch.
Tasha used her hands first, and Gwen was going to remember that, remember the feel of being touched delicately, being spread open, examined,
His breath still fogged the air as he continued forward, but the skin on his face wasn’t stinging as badly. Neither did his lungs as he kept breathing. It was almost as if the air was warming up…
was, J was going to handle all of my interactions with you before letting you ‘escape’ after a couple of days, or, worst case scenario, call in an anonymous tip on myself.  No problem, right?  No harm, no foul, just needed you out of the way for a few days.  This seemed like an easy way to get it.
You have to be really
“I don’t know. I still can’t remember what happened at the end.” Steve shrugged, smiling melancholically. “I don’t know if anyone else made it out or if it was just me. And if they did make it out…were they frozen like me? If they were, they’re probably dead anyway. It’s not like they can survive in the ice like I did. I only did because I have…” He paused, expression considering. Eventually he continued, speaking slowly, “I have a serum, too.”
Sure, Europe and the Americas had its fair share of mountain ranges, but they were tame in comparison to the Himalayas.
Behind him, Tony groaned, loud and long.  The slick sounds sped up, in stereo, now, and Steve desperately wished he could see.  “Oh, God, you’re going to kill me.  Okay, I’ve got it—Jesus, I’m getting pretty close, myself, Steve.  This is going to be over in another few minutes.”
Tony panted, lying still where he was, eyes shut.  Small shivers occasionally wracked him, and after a second, he pulled his right hand free, drawing it up to brace him against the bed.
There was no recognition from the man at Tony’s name, and his eyes flickered briefly to Rhodey before returning to Tony.
“I changed my mind. Can we go back to the raccoon bear?”
“You mean you think
“How is he?” Tony asked, in what he thought was an admirably casual tone under the circumstances. “Other than toasted like a very chiseled marshmallow?”
"Tony…"
“Extremely tactical,” Sam nodded, his face deadpan. Natasha was back to texting furiously, and Wanda seemed to be hiding her face behind her mug of tea. Vision looked as sedate as ever, but Tony noticed that his lips curled up slightly at whatever expression Wanda was trying to cover.
But he couldn’t bring himself to offer Tony a hope that might be false. He’d learned the hard way that trying to spare someone pain in the present could make it hurt even more later.
“I’ve got Harrison and a path to the exit,” he told the team. “Hawkeye, can I get a hand?”
“How easy this will be is entirely in your hands, Captain Rogers,” said a new voice, and a middle-aged man Steve didn’t recognize came into view. John Garrett, Steve supposed, as he took in the intense gaze and the wild grin playing around his lips.
“It’s the truth!” Steve insisted. “I saw the crash. That’s all I know.”
“Or SHIELD has actually been getting tons of intel about the Mandarin, and Fury’s just not sharing,” Tony suggested, drumming his chopsticks absently on the edge of the table. “Hell, Director Need-to-Know could have the Mandarin locked up in some secret facility right now, tucked away with all the other under-the-table projects SHIELD makes disappear.”
Tony shut his eyes. The knot in his stomach had disintegrated into what felt like a swarm of needles, and Tony allowed himself a moment to acknowledge what it must mean that hearing Steve say those words could sting so badly.
Still, though: that was a yes.
The kiss lingered and drew out, becoming an exchange of teases, each one chasing the other’s mouth when they went to withdraw, coaxing them in again, on and on.  Gwen felt the tension slowly leaving Tasha’s body, felt her relaxing into one of the first genuinely nice moments she had had in... a while, Gwen was guessing; impossible to know for sure how long.
“...I think it was better than okay, actually,” he said at last.
“Zemo,” Steve snapped, sounding surprisingly fierce. There was an edge to his voice that Tony honestly hadn’t expected.
Steve smiled.  He held up the soiled underpants and then, deliberately, sealed them into one of the pouches at his belt.
His only hope is that Tony never, ever finds the doll Steve's made.  Or at least that Tony doesn't know enough about knitting to know what he's seeing.
“I do,” Rhodey said. “But I don’t know if I should trust this. You know I don’t have any issues with you being who you are, but you know not everyone’s going to see it like that. You really want to risk your life on him? A man you just met?”
Opening his eyes, Tony found himself staring at the canvas of a tent. A warm blanket was thrown over him, and he was lying on something that probably wanted to be soft but due to age had lost all hope of ever being soft again. He was shirtless, but his repulsor pump was covering the glass plate protecting his heart, so it must have been some time since they shocked his heart back to life and recharged the apparatus.
thank you!”  Tony must have shoved to his feet, because that was definitely the sound of a chair hitting the wall and falling over.
And when exploring mysterious caves, always be on the lookout for traps.
“It’s over,” Tony said. “Germany surrendered last year, and the Japanese not long after.” He didn’t touch on what happened with the atomic bombs. Steve didn’t need to hear about that just yet.
“You think he’s met you before?” Rhodey asked. “He said you looked familiar.”
But that point was moot since he was fine and among friendlies (there was always a possibility that he
He stroked them again.  They were both close already, he knew.  It wouldn’t take long... He slowed his strokes, lightened his grasp.  He rubbed his thumb sweetly under the head of Stark’s cock, trying to make Stark beg.
normal.  Steve twisted it a little, pushing at the sides of his entrance, then withdrew for more slick.
Stark did not return until Gwen’s hair was completely styled, and when she did she had obviously gotten dressed for the evening in the meantime.  She was now in a tux—still, despite the years and changes to fashion, a masculine choice, although surely more acceptable now than it would have been in Gwen’s time.  It  was another long-and-lean type of suit, but this time in black; Stark wore it without a tie, and her collar sat confidently over the lapels.  It was beautifully fitted.
“Oh, no,” Steve said.
Stark’s eyes went half-lidded and she leaned forward, a mere half inch of movement, before
“Why was that a question?”
The ghost (which was totally nonexistent and definitely the icy wind at Tony’s back) waved at his back.
“You know where we’re going?” Rhodey asked, wiping a hand over his mouth with a loud exhalation.
“Who are you?” the man demanded, voice hoarse. “Where am I?”
It shouldn’t have made Steve’s heart turn over like a cold engine—it
over and over and
At any rate, his heart was fully charged and he’d make sure it stayed that way before heading off on that hike they had planned.
home. But I’m not, am I?” He exhaled, shoulders slumping. “And I can’t go home, can I?”
was it.
“I do
Tony shoved those thoughts in a dark corner to be brought back once he was in his own bedroom, focusing on the here and now. Zemo might be temporarily knocked down, but there were still his minions to take care of.
There was something in the mountains, and Tony was going to find it come hell or high water.
“We have no idea where we’re going, do we,” Rhodey said about an hour into their hike. “Are we just going to keep following this path?”
Steve shouted loudly, far louder than he ever would've back in the day—too much risk that someone would've overheard, nowhere nearly so safe as it was here.  But Tony's mouth was a miracle, and maybe if he'd had that back in the day he
Steve blinked and jolted forward automatically, although he hadn’t made it any further than shifting his weight forward before he was pulling back again, lingering in the shadows.
Tony stared at him, uncomprehending. “What do you mean?”
FRIDAY warned him when Tony approached for landing.  Steve thought for one second about cancelling—he still had time; FRIDAY would absolutely be willing to stall Tony for his sake, and he could be out of the nightie and all unplugged in under a minute.  Tony would notice him being all slicked, but Steve didn't think it would elicit too much comment.  Maybe even some good things.
Go ahead, pull it off, Jesus.”
It could be an alien for all he knew (even if something inside him highly doubted that).
Tasha blinked at the intact, upright flute for a second.  “Not long now,” she said, distracted.  Her hand raised to flutter next to her ear, pressing on the conch for a second the same way the techs at SHIELD did before moving on smoothly, rubbing her dangling garnet earrings as if that had been the whole point of the movement.
“Jesus fuck!” Tasha yelped, her hands closing suddenly a lot harder on Gwen’s rear.  Gwen dropped her own hands down to Tasha’s ass and lifted, holding Tasha up far enough to get her mouth on one of those too-tempting nipple rings, only to freeze.
Jarvis and Rhodey had taken down the two minions who’d had guns to their heads and were looking rather at a loss for what to do now.
Or was this something else?  Steve pictured the scene again; the way Tony had set up all his accoutrements first, the way he had settled in wearing a somewhat unusual combination of clothes...
Tony couldn’t even be angry with Rhodey about revealing that secret. He was just a
“I won’t let them,” Steve stated firmly, unhesitatingly, his face resolute. “They’ll have to go through me for that, and I’m not easy to take out.”
There was what seemed to be a hole a ways up in the side of mountain they were walking on, although one would have to do some actual climbing to get there.
that, she promised herself, she was—
Tony rubbed at the skin carefully, expecting the throb of pain that resulted from the touch. It wasn’t terribly bad, but he was lucky he hadn’t bruised all his ribs on top of that. Maybe one or two judging from how it hurt to take too deep a breath, but it was nothing that wouldn’t heal in time. They weren’t broken, so that was a positive.
part of the Army).
A short row, then, is a row where you only knit some of the stitches, usually the ones in the middle.  Rather than lying flat, the extra material will puff out, making a curve.  But because you're turning the piece halfway through the row—and then again, to go back the other way—short rows are a big hassle, frequently messy.
“Won’t it?” Zemo was probably raising an eyebrow under that mask. His arm moved, most likely drawing a gun, but he didn’t have a chance to do anything else.
Gwen stepped closer, brushing Tasha’s arms aside, and kissed her.
wanted the touches to be harder, fiercer... and just as she was getting ready to demand it, Tasha’s eyes flared and she
“From where I’m standing, you’re the one who should be gone.” Steve hefted the shield up. “You know exactly who I am.”
“How nice for you,” Zemo said condescendingly. “I’m sure your esteemed nation could use such a fine captain. Now please step aside. I came to this forsaken place for a reason and it wasn’t to trade words with a nobody.”
“I know.” Steve looked pained. “But whatever happens…as long as you’re at my back…”
Tony’s heart squeezed in his chest; he bit the inside of his cheek to focus. “That sounds good,” he managed. He touched Steve’s face with one hand, fingers stroking along that strong, angular jaw. “And I promise that I will always find you.” He didn’t know where that promise came from, only that he meant it down to his bones.
Her hand... wouldn’t move.
Rhodey was right, but…Tony couldn’t help but think that was ridiculous (which was in itself a stupid notion to have because he didn’t even
Since he was hearing his heart slowly and rhythmically beat away in his chest, someone had clearly managed to get Tony’s repulsor pump charged in time before he bit it. The last thing Tony remembered was Rhodey’s and Steve’s faces, so it wasn’t going to be HYDRA saving his ass because they wanted him to be Zemo.
“I could never do that,” Gwen observed.  “Got a smoke?”
And then she heard it: a chuckle, warm and devious as chocolate but sending a chill along Gwen’s spine.
Steve grinned, relieved.  He knew that sound.  That sound was a man who wanted desperately to believe something was true but couldn't quite bring himself to buy in without reassurance.  It was a very good sound.  "Completely serious," Steve said, leaning into his pose a bit more.  "How do you want me?"
had a death wish.
That was just fine with Tony. He was confused himself as to what was going on here.
The man groaned again, eyes scrunching tighter. His right arm twitched, and then his eyes were flying open. He jerked upright or at least seemed to try, since he practically fell back on the ground and was staring at the two of them, wide-eyed.
Tony remembered how quickly Steve had recovered from a shot that had stolen all his breath and almost killed him. “I can see that, champ,” he murmured. “You’re full of surprises, aren’t you?” That freaking
“Grab your hair again.”  Tony said it like it was a way to buy himself time, but Steve did it anyway, again with his left hand as his right scratched its way from his throat down to his nipple.  He rubbed at the nip through the lace—Tony had taught him that one—and pinched just enough that it hurt.  “Good god, you’re going to kill me.
Steve smiled weakly.  "We don't have to, if you don't want," he temporized.  "I just thought, you know...  You might like it."
“We always were,” Steve said, “one way or another.” He tensed, arms tightening around his knees, trembles running briefly through his body. “Something went wrong, I think. There was someone else there, but I can’t remember who. Only that he wanted to help.” He paused, turning his face to look at Tony. “And then it was cold,” he whispered.
kneading until Gwen’s eyes were crossing.  Gwen groaned again and took Tasha’s soft shirt in her hands, rubbing the fabric appreciatively between her fingers before shifting her grip and tearing, ripping the shirt right down the center.
Tony, when he walked in, was absolutely, completely, totally speechless.  His mouth worked, gaping, for almost a full minute before he gave up and flapped his hands in Steve’s direction, instead.
He had
The words hung in the air between them, and they stared at each other, loose-limbed and relaxed except for when the truck jolted.
Tony bit his lip, unwilling to admit that he didn’t.
“Yes,” Gwen said, turning around as she spoke, “especially when he cost you a bunch of off-the-books arms deals with the Ten Rings.  Care to comment, Miss Stark?”
“I…” Tony blinked, the light on the star wavering as his hand dropped slightly. There was…something else in there. Something much darker than what he’d seen so far.
Steve had thought about, and then decided against, the matching panties.
It felt a little more exceptional when he got the whole finger in; it wasn’t quite a stretch, but it
Tasha’s clit was a hard, round nub, smaller than Gwen’s—Gwen’s clit was, like the rest of her, unusually large—and very pink.  Gwen used the flat of her tongue on it, impetuous and firm, and Tasha yelled and pulled her hair appreciatively, harder and harder as Gwen worked her faster.
he managed, before realizing he was asking the wrong person.
to come home, had
“Says it’s okay,” Tony whispered, so quietly that it was almost drowned out by the engine of the truck and the rattling of the tires, yet Steve seemed to hear him nonetheless. “Says that it’s the right thing to do.”
Steve groaned in agreement and pushed on the plug, rocking his hips to feel the ache of it.  His cock was already throbbing.  He knew instinctively that this would be the last orgasm of the night, and it was going to be a doozy.
“I thought we weren’t going mountain climbing.” Rhodey sounded resigned.
“I think…” Tony’s tongue felt heavy, and he hesitated, unsure of whether he really had felt that.
He had a lot to do that day, after all.  Might as well get an early start.
Steve shrugged, grinning wryly. “It wasn’t exactly my idea, but they ran with it.”
“Like a promise.”
“Hey, Steve...?”
(which was definitely not being used like a shield right now) – and hit Zemo directly in the chest, knocking him flat over. And then the shield rebounded back into Steve’s hands.
“Oh, is that good?” Gwen asked.  A grin spread over her face as she deliberately took Tasha’s earlobe between her teeth, biting oh-so-delicately.
been just as loud...  It was like his nipple had lines tying it to his limbs, his stomach, his dick; puppet strings, and when Tony bit, they pulled.
Steve said the title like it meant something, but Tony had never heard of a Captain America before. Even Rhodey and Jarvis looked uncomprehending, so clearly it wasn’t a moment of Tony missing out on a pop culture reference because he’d spent too long in the middle of nowhere again.
It wasn’t that Tony thought he knew Steve, because he knew that he really, really didn’t. There was no way he could forget a face like Steve’s (even if that sounded incredibly shallow). But beyond the fact that he didn’t remember ever meeting Steve physically…there was no denying that something about him felt familiar, like meeting an old friend.
He knew Tony wouldn’t.
didn’t seem to be suffering from scratchy lace; in fact, Gwen quickly discovered, Tasha didn’t seem to be wearing any bra at all, and had small loops of metal threaded through her nipples.  Gwen groaned and pulled out of the kiss, resting her head on Tasha’s shoulder.  “How,” she panted, “how are you this... this....”
"There's a chair by the door," Steve said.  He offered a warm smile, hoping it came out sultry but not really holding his breath for it.  Warm would have to do.  "I thought you might like...”
“Nothing much, really,” Steve said casually, shrugging. “But you’ll have to go through me, and I guarantee that won’t be easy.”
Stark thought dismissively.
Steve’s eyes flickered down to the repulsor plate protecting the glass covering Tony’s heart. He must have seen Tony’s heart if he’d been involved in recharging the apparatus, yet he didn’t look repulsed or horrified. He just seemed terribly sympathetic and rather sad. One hand dropped to cover the plate, the touch gentle.
Steve sent.
Zemo buffed his nails against his jacket. “Should I?”
Tony grabbed his arm before he could go back to the truck. “Hey, Rhodey…thanks.”
“Just the tip?  Oh, Steve.”  Tony gave himself a squeeze.  “If I told you to come for me, how long would it take?”
Tony woke up a little at that, looked at them both, at the shreds of Steve negligee and at the obscene artwork which was their chests, which had smeared together when Tony was riding Steve.  “I’ll say,” he smirked.  “We do good work.”
Tony didn’t hesitate before wrapping an arm around Steve’s broad shoulders, keenly reminded of when he’d done this before in a dark cave. Just like that time, Steve leaned into the touch, resting his head on Tony’s shoulder.
Rhodey said nothing as Tony approached it, reaching out slightly unsteady fingers. The metal was cold to the touch and extremely smooth. Tony gingerly picked it up, surprised that it was at once heavier and lighter than expected. He flipped it around, noting that it didn’t quite behave like a normal shield (what – being a King Arthur fan meant knowing shields).
“I’m not going to be wearing the suit out here,” Tony said. “The most strenuous thing I’ll be doing is some rock climbing. It’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, makes sense—okay.  I’d like you to let go of your pretty cock, now, then.”
Here was how it went:
Steve fighting HYDRA meant that at least he wasn’t likely to be an enemy. Although that raised the question of whether HYDRA knew Steve was here and whether anyone would follow them in here.
“Tony,” Rhodey breathed, one hand coming to rest on Tony’s shoulder.
“They want you?” Steve leaned forward, his blue eyes pinning Tony in place.
"Oh god," Steve said, hastily propping one arm against the bed as he buckled.  Tony laughed, low and intoxicated, in response.  "Tony, c'mon—"
“We’re not giving off enough heat to melt this,” Tony said slowly. “So why?”
Steve shot him a look as nonplussed as he actually felt.  It would probably be unfair of him to send Tony a vision of himself on his knees, slowly slicking himself and working himself open, waiting, eager,
he choked.
), but Steve carried himself with such aplomb that Tony couldn’t help but want to climb all over that.
,” Tony protested, though it was more because of the principle of the matter than because he disagreed.
Tony snorted without lifting his head, rubbing his forehead against Steve's legs before sighing happily and rising to his knees.  "You still can," he pointed out, flopping next to Steve on the bed.
Steve frowned, and sucked absently on his fingers, which were still hovering next to his face, as he tried to think.  He pulled them out of his mouth again with a pop.  “I could, I’m just... less close.  Than I would be, otherwise, I mean.”
“And you are?” Tony asked when the man didn’t respond. The man was still touching his face. It was getting a little strange at this point, although Tony wasn’t sure if he wanted to point it out (it wasn’t every day he was touched like this by a gorgeous man who seemed really freaking familiar).
Tony grinned ruefully. “I can’t say it’s my favorite thing, but it’s part of the job. I’m glad to get back to it now.”
It was even harder to let go of his grip than it had been to grab it in the first place, but Steve did it.  He groaned, pulling his hand away, and then raising two tremulous fingers to swipe through the precome now dripping off of him.  Some of it had smeared against the negligee, he noticed.  He would have to hand-wash it; he couldn’t imagine sending it through the laundry service.  “Now what?”
moving, and so were her head, and her legs, all pulled backwards and up without Gwen’s input by the manacle-like shoes and jewelry she was covered in.  Her abused and aching muscles screamed at her.
The possessiveness, which had been banked in Stark’s eyes, flared hard.  So did that thin edge of cruelty.  Stark swallowed and nodded.  “Show up three hours early,” she ordered.  “I want to make sure the tailoring is correct.”
“And body,” Rhodey noted casually, not looking at Tony.
Tony swept his eyes up and down Steve’s impressive physique that was in no way resembling a man who had been a 4F. “Doesn’t seem like it.”
“Either,” Tasha shrugged tensely.  “Both.”
This dress was
Tony groaned, holding his come-smeared hand in the air between them.  “You couldn’t have gotten here two minutes earlier?”
Gwen was happy to oblige.  She hadn’t had this much fun since Dernier had taught her how to turn flour sacks into explosives last year—or seven decades ago, she supposed, depending on your perspective.
“Right.  Remind me, of the two of us, which one of us is currently crushing their erection into kevlar?”
“You want me, you got me,” Steve said, which didn’t even make any sense. Zemo wanted Tony (unless something had changed since Tony had seen Zemo last). “You don’t need to bring them into this. Let them go.”
He picked the shield up, eyeing it speculatively. It wasn’t exactly possible to study it in the dim light that Rhodey’s flashlight offered, but his fingers itched to try out a few more experiments and see what it was made of. Metal, sure, but what
“Okay, sure, but that still raises the question as to how he got
And he was here to find it.
The frosty slush had graduated to watery slush.
“Tony!” Rhodey shouted, falling to his knees by Tony’s side.
“Gwen!”  Tasha had been behind her, hadn’t she?  No, she had moved out of the way—where had she gone?  Oh, she was leaning over Gwen, checking her pulse as the last of the muckety-mucks cleared out of the room...  “Oh, Gwen, are you okay?”
that was the key.  This was something Tony was
that strong, does he?”
The world was going fuzzy on the edges.  Steve dug his fingers into a little more, but the dual pressures on his throat and his cock were too much.  Pressure built up in his balls, lines of tension in his legs and gut.  He
brown eyes full of mischief and hunger, and dropped to her elbows, slithering her whole body along Gwen’s so that Gwen gasped and gasped.  “Yes,” Gwen said again, wrapping her arms around Tasha and pulling her in closer, closer,
“You can rub your tits, if you want,” Tony offered generously.  “As long as you can hold that position with no hands, I mean.”
“Finding you wasn’t a mistake,” Tony said fiercely, his grip on Steve tightening. “Don’t you dare think it was. It might not have been what I expected – definitely wasn’t if I’m honest – but it was so much more than I ever could have imagined. And I don’t regret a thing.”
“Just for that—pinch your ass, Steve.”
Tony didn’t answer, busy focusing on his next handhold and where to place his feet. The prickling at the back of his neck was even stronger now, and he actually felt like he was swimming (climbing, really) through something strange.
Steve helped them break camp the next morning, doing so in such an efficient manner that Tony highly suspected he was military. Even if his outfit definitely wasn’t anything the military would issue their soldiers.
Stark’s hands were on him, then, opening the catches in the uniform, unzipping all five thousand of Steve’s useless zippers until he could pull Steve out and push Steve’s shorts down around his hips.
of metal? It wasn’t one that Tony had encountered before, at least not for his own personal use.
Rhodey didn’t seem to mind, pulling out the rather disgusting rations they’d packed for occasions just like this. They settled down on a relatively dry piece of rock and waited in silence, watching as the snow and ice gradually melted and didn’t seep out of the room.
“Jesus Christ,” Rhodey breathed. “Is he human?”
Tony didn’t ask what. Steve wouldn’t tell him that. “You were fighting HYDRA.”
Tasha sighed.  “Yeah,” she said, “yeah.  That is... wow.
found herself unable to conceive of any other presentation for this woman, who was, by all accounts, so much more powerful than Gwen herself was.
“That’d be great,” Steve said, “but it’s not what I’m talking about.” He sounded nervous. “I was thinking more along the lines of my blood – the serum I was injected with. I didn’t tell you, but I was a 4F, rejected multiple times by the army until Erskine picked me for Project Rebirth. I was sick; you name it, and I probably had it at one point or another.”
Or, well, video of him.  Steve recognized it, even; that was the video from their first time, that time in the lab, with the—and all the—
Tony kindly ignored Steve’s obvious embarrassment, realizing that what he’d said didn’t sound quite right. “But when did you sell those?”
He paused, and it took Steve a second to realize he was waiting for a reply.  Took even longer to muster the breath for it:  Steve was panting and close, iron around the cock stopper and flat against his own stomach, smearing precome against his own skin.  He pinched and then twisted one nipple savagely and used the pain of it to clear his head enough to answer.  “Yes.  I started with one, yes.  Just the...”
Steve’s answering smile was watery. “Now who’s making promises he can’t keep?”
Luckily, when Tony inevitably
until Gwen was struggling to deepen it.  Whenever Gwen pushed, though, Tasha just pulled back, arching an eyebrow and waiting for Gwen to dial it back again, tantalizingly close but too far for Gwen to just take over.
Tony said nothing, hands in his pockets.
Tony’s “holy shit” was soft and amazed.  He shook his head and then said louder, “Yeah, please do—Jesus, Steve...”
“Ah, a captain, hm?” Tony evaluated Steve with a new eye. Still, that uniform definitely wasn’t Army-issued. Not unless the Army suddenly decided it was a great idea to outfit all their men in red, white, and blue. Could one get even more patriotic?
They would tell her that there was a meeting scheduled; she would put on one of the horrible, ultra-fashionable dresses they had given her—ultra-fashionable for her time, that was, which probably meant they were all hideous now—and wait for them at her door.  One of the junior secretaries—usually these were men, and if they were women, they were never in a dress like her own—would escort her to one of the three thousand meeting rooms apparently located in this complex.  She would spend the entire meeting, usually fifteen minutes to an hour long, doing what amounted to nothing more than glad-handing, and then, just before the boredom became too
he added sharply when Steve started to move his hand.
would I give you some fingers.  I’d start with one—did you start that way, too, when you put the plug in?”
Her room was full of books and old records, the walls beige, the furniture too soft.  She had requested a sketchbook three times, but had yet to receive one.
“You’re kidding.”
Steve had watched Tony prep himself twice, now, so he had a general idea:  lots of lube, go slow, ease in, and if it’s too tense, massage a little and try again.  But the actual practice of putting the plug in...  Steve wasn’t expecting that.
On screen, Steve’s head pressed deeply into the chair back as Tony slowly eased the sound into his urethra.  Steve pressed himself back further into the wall and bit back a groan, watching Tony through eyes that wanted to fall shut.  Tony was jerking himself, working his left hand smooth as a train piston in a way that Steve now knew was building towards a climax.  He pulled his boxers down enough that they cupped the curves of his ass before sinking the first two fingers of his right hand in again, deep, twisting at the wrist to get the best angle.
Gwen thrashed against her bonds for emphasis.  “I know you run the Iron Man armor!  I have no idea how you do that without being inside it—is it a robot? An accomplice?—but there is
Answer.  Right.  She needed to do that.
Tony blinked and shook his head slightly at the odd reoccurring thought. Decades, really?
Steve lowered the shield slightly, his shoulders dropping an inch. “You…don’t know me?” He sounded dazed, as if the earth had vanished from under his feet (Tony would know – being an expert in finding himself in that exact situation multiple times).
Natasha Stark met her eyes in the mirror and then nodded with wide-eyed seriousness.  “No one’s going to know who you are,” she warned Gwen.
Steve seemed slightly disappointed at first, but his expression soon gave way to vague confusion as his eyes flickered between Tony and to where the suit was packed up.
Ah, again.  There we go.  Happy to show Steve—more like the reverse.  Exactly the reverse, in fact.
Tony paused, considering that. His chest warmed at the thought (and it definitely wasn’t the plate protecting his heart). “Okay, well… Putting that aside, I don’t know what’s going on, but I trust him. I know he wouldn’t hurt me. Once we get back, we’ll find out what happened to him. Undercover ops or no, there have to be records, and I bet Fury knows something.”
Tasha's clever hands ran up the backs of Gwen’s legs, inserting themselves under the too-tight hem of Gwen’s dress, cupping her rear and then
He should think twice about doing this, especially with another man. But there were no secrets from Steve—
Everything had taken maybe ten seconds, and Steve stood up, reaching out to catch his improbably bouncing shield when an energy bolt hit him in the chest and blasted him back into the truck with a pained grunt.
Once it was ascertained that there were indeed no traps waiting to ensnare them, Tony followed. The cave didn’t look any less forbidding once they were inside, the only lights that of Rhodey’s flashlight and what little came in from outside.
Tony blurted, his eyes wide.
It at least started with a moderately demure Queen Anne neckline, decorative gold embroidery standing out against the indigo-colored velvet, but it ended with a tight skirt only a couple inches below Gwen’s crotch.  At first when Gwen held the thing up against herself, she thought that was a sizing error, but then Stark had looked up, meeting Gwen’s eyes and quirking one brow in a dare.
Life wasn’t ready to let him go just yet. Which was great, since Tony wasn’t ready to let it go either. Not now.
Steve rubbed his left thumb slowly over his nipple, which perked up immediately at the touch.
actually, at least if Tasha expected it to hold Gwen.
“Not that long,” Steve said. “He didn’t know me, and he wanted you. Rhodey…he told me a little about who Zemo is to you, why he called you ‘son.’” His smile was wry. “He’s never called me that.”
The saying about never knowing what you’re missing until you have it did have something going for it.
“It’s not something that comes up in casual conversation,” Tony said, even though that wasn’t the entire truth and Steve seemed to know it. He sighed. “It’s…not something I want people to know about.”
Hearing voices didn’t say much for the sanity column, so Tony was just going to stay quiet on that.
She pulled the dress back up around her shoulders, zipped it under her arm again, and then smoothed it down her hips, all without cutting her gaze, although she could feel the flush staining her cheeks.  “What else?” she asked.
“Gwen?  Gwen, answer me if you’re awake!”
he was
“Oh—got it—and fuck, yes, I can.  Now touch yourself—your dick.  I want to see you tease yourself around that ring.”  The stopper was attached to a slim metal ring that fit right under the head of the glans.
Some of the joy seeped out of Steve’s expression to turn to worry. “It’s…you were out for a while, Tony. We were taking turns watching you.”
She breathed in as Cole lit the cig for her, then took it out, breathed out a stream of smoke, and sat back on the vanity pouf.
was hard, too— and his combat uniform was a lot less forgiving than Stark’s softer, uh...
Tony was coming.  He pulled Steve in by the arm he had wrapped around Steve’s neck, dragging his head down so that the come splashed into Steve’s mouth, across his cheeks, down his neck and his chest.  One stream and then another, and Steve stuck out his tongue, trying to catch the last of it just there as he finally let go a shuddered his way into an orgasm, loosing his own seed into the warm, willing cavity of Tony’s body.
Tony stepped into the water, too.
Tony hesitated briefly before nodding, exhaling sharply. He inched to the side to let Steve by, flexing his arm where Steve had held him tightly (yet gently).
One of these days, Gwen thought as she raised her arm for the zip, she was really going to have to learn how to back down from a challenge.
“I, uh... Uh-huh... I do, yeah.  Mmm...  Kiss me?”
“What do you think?” Tony asked Steve. “Think we can be good?”
"Hey!  Why am I
They met in the middle, unhesitating and sweet.  It never failed to surprise Steve the way his toes would still curl when Tony kissed him, the way his stomach clenched excitedly every time, no matter how hot the minutes that came before the kiss had been.  This kiss was warm and inviting, a question and an answer, all at once.  Tony’s free hand smoothed down Steve’s back, pressing them closer, and Steve hummed happily into the kiss, sucking on Tony’s exploring tongue, edging just that little more into him and pressing their bodies together.
Steve laughed, ducking his head, then looked up at Tony with a smile.  “Welcome home to me,” he said, raising his eyebrows.
A few seconds later, Tony gave a little jump.  It was a comic sort of movement, not a scared one; it reminded Steve of the sorts of motions cartoons used to make.  Tony sat up, his hand moving from kneecap to thigh, rubbing down the length of it and back up, rucking up the dark, widely-spaced hairs there.
No, this had been a special occasion; Steve was sure of it.  And Tony hadn’t been expecting him back, so who
Steve was standing right before him, shield up in a defensive position and his legs braced. Tony carefully got out behind him, gun in one hand and finger off the trigger.
“Yeah, just like that.”  Tony dropped a hand to his cock, stroking it casually.  “You’d be wriggling beneath me, desperate for something harder.  Once you were writhing, I’d kiss you right on your sweet little hole, but I’d still keep it pretty light.  Mayyyybe lick over the surface, gently, but nothing too fierce.  Pull your balls out of the way for me, I want a clearer view—no, keep leaning on the other hand.  That’s right.”  Steve’s balls were sweaty, but already hardening again as his cock filled and lifted.  “God, and you got it in blue.  That’s perfect, Steve.  Well done.”
“A person?” Rhodey came up behind him, stopping dead once he saw what Tony had. “No way. What the hell?”
“We weren’t on the frontlines either,” Rhodey pointed out, breaking probably about fifteen different regulations that Fury had Tony look over before sending him out anywhere (or was it twenty? Tony had stopped paying attention after a certain point).
The snow crunched under Tony’s foot – the one that had stepped into the room before Rhodey held him still. It was soft, like it was entirely fresh and not in the middle of a mountain cave that had taken them several hours to traverse. It was…impossible (but clearly not since it was here, so maybe just improbable? He hated magic).
Steve stopped there, watching Tony carefully.
For the DARK ending, go to Chapter 2
Wait, that wasn’t true.
“And that suit of yours,” Steve said, grinning. “The one you told me about. It must have made them furious that they couldn’t figure it out. I can’t believe you can fly in it.”
“I take it back.”  When he did speak, Tony’s voice came out soft and shaken.  “You’re not gorgeous, after all.”
“But you suspected.” Steve’s words fell like dead weights between them.
Steve’s shoulders relaxed slightly. “And the war?”
She stubbed out her cigarette with half its length still to go, then shook her hair—tucked up into a loose and lazy updo—to settle it and gestured towards the door.  The dress curved in tightly under her rear; she could feel it pressing into the upper backs of her thighs, but it was so short that she could in fact still move in it, if she needed to.  She took comfort in that.  “Shall we?”
“Are you telling me that you
“We’re scientists from S.H.I.E.L.D.” Steve pitches in.
“Don’t worry, I have everything handled,” Fury reassures him and before Tony can ask why, he explains, “Iron Man and Captain America are reportedly in Florida having the vacation of their lives.”
As the video stops playing, Tony suddenly remembers the original source of the interview. Fury wanted to make sure that they were working well as a team and not constantly at each other’s throats, so he had every member do an interview with each other. Tony was at his best with Bruce, on friendly terms with Natasha, and decently acquainted enough with Clint and Thor to be his annoying self. Steve was someone he couldn’t figure out at the time. Despite their clashing personalities, they miraculously passed the interview.
“You don’t think there’s anyone in here? No security cameras or anything like that?”
Tony has handled other missions before perfectly fine – or at least close to fine. He isn’t certain why his anxiety is deciding to act up now out of all times, especially when they don’t know what they’re going to find, but he certainly does not appreciate it.
“Maybe it wants to say hi,” Tony said eventually.
That definitely wasn’t anything Tony had ever seen before. Clearly Zemo had been busy since the last time Tony had seen him and escaped his clutches.
Steve looked rather perplexed, not reacting as Rhodey let out a small “ah-ha!” and pulled out a rather beaten issue of
“No no no
Stark’s eyes narrowed.  She leaned forward over Gwen’s shoulder, speaking directly into her ear.  “Is it?  Interesting.”
“Catch that,” Tony ordered sharply, and Steve did, dropping his left hand down to intercept the stream even as the right kept stroking.  Long strokes now, nursing the orgasm.  It seemed to go on forever.
But Steve had a theory about this whole
idea,” Steve argued.  He turned in Tony’s arms and stepped backwards into the tub.  “I just made it happen; you’re the one who came up with it.”
Then why hadn’t Tony seen a single poster to that effect? He hadn’t been part of the war in 1940, at least not the extent he was in the latter three years, but one couldn’t avoid seeing the posters asking people to buy war bonds. Considering how far he’d traveled, he’d seen a lot. And if Steve had been selling them…
She was going to
, and his hands were just as warm and so gentle where they brushed Tony’s cheeks and his ears before sinking into his hair. He kissed like a man who hadn’t ever done so before, lips clumsy but gentle where they pressed against Tony’s.
right through it.”
Steve’s eyes shuttered. “You already know, don’t you?”
There was a smile on Gwen’s face, smug and jubilant.  Tasha met her eyes and then ducked her gaze away.  If Gwen didn’t know better, she would think Tasha was blushing.
“You’d be fucking yourself.  On the vibrator.”  Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s neck, pressing them close as he sank down, taking Steve inside of him.  He had opened himself well, but Steve still almost sobbed at the tight, wet heat of him.  Tony sucked a kiss onto Steve’s neck, hard and bruising, and then pulled back to look Steve dead in the eye.
“Sit up,” Tony ordered.  “Edge of the bed.  I want to see your dick peeking out from under the end of that
in the mirror that she wasn’t going to this event with Stark as her
Gwen blinked.  “What...?”
He turned his head, pressing his lips to Steve’s hair, breathing him in and thinking the future looked awfully bright. Maybe he didn’t have a cure for his heart yet, but he had something else right now.
“Explain to me, why did Fury send us undercover again?” Tony asks as he stands in front of the mirror and ties his red tie, “Especially since our faces are probably tattooed on the bodies of other people?”
“A what? Sorry, I couldn’t hear you for a second, could you repeat that, Mr. Rogers?” Tony playfully leans closer, cupping his hand around his ear. “You look like less of a what? Hm? Would you mind speaking up a little?”
Tony sits up, setting the laptop aside. “We don’t know anything about the victims.”
Three victims so far. They are of varying ages but all males and so far, all of them people with no known family. The files describe the areas they were found in, the way their bodies were discarded carelessly in street dumpsters, how carefully every piece of evidence seemed to be scrubbed clean from them, and a separate sheet of paper describes the injuries that they sustained.
Curiosity gets the best of him and Tony leans forward to look at Steve’s phone screen, too, and he regrets it instantly. The photo depicts a full-suited Captain America and Iron Man lounging on some chairs on the beach, drinks in their hands, looking like they’re having the time of their lives.
“Well? What’s your next move?” Fury presses.
“Is that a music reference? I didn’t know you were a Green Day fan.”
“How is your vacation so far?” the off-screen reporter asks in a dreadfully monotonous voice.
this one was fun! thank you ant-man, for giving me such a fitting chapter title.
Tony waits as the watch makes quiet beeping sounds for a few seconds before flashing green and Friday responds dutifully, “None found. There are also no other human lifeforms here.”
Steve notices their details first and he doesn’t hesitate to point it out, “Those must be fake ID cards.”
“Right. And you don’t think that the flash drive
“Get ready, Steve!” Tony shouts as he outstretches his arm and points the gauntlet towards the wall near the front doors, the area closest to them. Then, without waiting for a confirmation from Steve, he powers up the repulsor and fires away, the momentum of the blast from his gauntlet launching both of them forward by a few feet. Tony knows that it’s not enough to send them to a safe distance but it did give them a head start, and for now that’s all that matters.
“You’re messing with things you don’t understand,” the smaller nerdy one warns as he catches his breath, “it’s better if you let us do what we need. Otherwise you’ll find yourself in the hospital.”
The tall woman shrugs her shoulders. “True. Boss wants us to get rid of you quick, though. Good to know that you’re still in the area.”
As Steve continues to get dressed, Tony sits on the table – which is not too shabby for a hotel table, though that is because Tony insisted on getting a five-star hotel and refused to stay in anything else – and wonders how he got himself into this.
“The plan? Haul ass! Get through the window, Rogers, I’ll go last. If they catch a glimpse of you and your super soldier muscles, we’re toast.” Before Steve is able to protest like Tony knows he would, Tony shoves him towards the window, and thankfully the urgency of his actions seem to register because Steve obliges and climbs through at a record speed.
The personal question catches Tony completely off-guard.
The stone in Tony’s stomach forms into something sharper by the time they reach the address. He tries not to pay attention to the way his breathing gradually becomes shallower and how the urge to fidget in his seat becomes almost unbearable. That’s not even the worst part, though. The worst part is that he
Tony feels his blood run ice cold.
“I trust you.”
“I was just trying to be polite. He didn’t mean us any harm.”
“I’ll tell Fury about this incident if you keep talking.”
“No, did you even listen to a word I’ve said? I’m busy – ah! Fuck! What the fuck?” Tony’s annoyed voice cuts off as soon as he is hoisted into the air. It doesn’t take him long to figure out what’s going on, especially since he notices Steve’s arms hooked around his waist. “Steve Grant Rogers, you better put me down right now, just because you’re a supersoldier with big strong arms doesn’t mean that you have sudden permission to carry people around as if they weight nothing more than a couple of grapes.”
Tony glares at him, fully prepared to cut him off in return, until Steve walks in front of him and puts his hand on the Reactor, his hand gentle and hesitant, giving room for Tony to back off if he wanted to. Strangely enough, Tony doesn’t. He simply stands there, looking up at Steve, searching his expression.
“I feel like I’m back in college,” Tony murmurs to himself before he takes a look at them as well, “hey, Cap, you never told me your real name is Dr. Alan Boreman. What’s with all the secrets, huh? I thought we were friends.”
“Well, of course it looks nice. It’s my haircare routine at work.”
He jolts awake. At first, Tony is disoriented and unsure of what woke him up. Maybe his mind took mercy on him and decided to shove him out of his dreams before he was subjected to a panic attack. It takes him a few seconds to find his bearings since his eyes need to adjust to the darkness around him, differentiating between the darkness of his dream and the darkness of reality. He stares up at the ceiling, not daring to move just in case. When he musters up the courage, he turns his head to the side and sees pale moonlight streaming through the curtains blocking the window from view, faintly illuminating the man sleeping a few feet away from the window.
really know Tony. They’d known each other for three days, which didn’t really do much except for maybe establishing the grounds for a friendship.
Stark grinned sharply and started talking about makeup.  It took Gwen about three second to figure out it was going to wind up looking very different from how she had ever styled it before.  The look was nowhere near as subtle as Stark’s makeup, with false eyelashes and glittering scarlet lipstick, tip-tilted eye shadow and hollow cheeks.  It dawned on Gwen as she stared at the—it had to be said—
No, no, this won’t do at all.”
Gwen thought that was rather rude.
Steve also insisted on taking some of their supplies, seeming not to notice the additional weight and hiking like it was a walk through the park.
“Relax, Rhodey,” Tony murmured, sweeping the beam of the flashlight over the walls and ceiling. The tunnel went on for a while, curving to the right. “This isn’t a lost temple.”
And his own wits. He wasn’t helpless, just occasionally handicapped.
Steve’s smile was lopsided and had Tony’s heart unexpectedly skipping. “Of a sort.”
Like many men of his generation—particularly those who had been bedridden as much as he had—Steve is adept at a number of skills the new, "modern" world considers... feminine.  Unmanly.  He can darn a sock, all right?  Yes, and sew back on a button, too.
A shield?
Steve had sat up.  His hole ached as the change in position put pressure on the plug, and once again he clenched around it involuntarily as a low, wanton noise slipped out of him.  His cock, and the small, steel plug in the head of it, had slipped out from under the edge of the lace, just as Tony had asked for.
Refocusing, he hastened to reassure Steve. “Not that long. It’s May now. Nineteen forty-six. You’re missing a little over a year.”
Stark practically snarled the phrase, and Gwen found herself on the back foot, her head rearing back defensively.  “Not that I noticed,” she snapped back.  “He never spent a lot of time on
“Yeeeeah,” Tony said, softer now.  His words were a fond caress.  “Yeah.  You’d look just like that.  You’re so beautiful, Steve, I wouldn’t be able to resist.  So I’d put my mouth on you again, but this time, I’d sink one finger in, first—do it—”
And then she got her first good look.
that was.  Engaging Thor, goading Banner...  Does nothing ever have any consequences for you?”
It had been a while, but Steve was reasonably sure he could still remember how to follow through, if Stark took him up on the offer.
When she came out of the ice, SHIELD had all sorts of people they wanted her to meet.
The plug was tugging at his rim on every withdrawal, and Steve couldn’t quite manage to form words.  He fucked himself harder and faster, though, and Tony got the message.  “You would—oh, God, I’m so fucking close, Steve—you would love it.  The vibrations—
“And the star?” Tony asked instead. “I’m guessing you want people to shoot at it?”
She pushed Tasha to her feet mainly with force of strength, putting Tasha’s back to the wall and holding her there with a hand against Tasha’s strong, flat stomach.  With her other hand, she went for the pants—Tasha’s pants had a snap and a zipper instead of buttons,
Tasha breathed.  She braced one spiky heel against the wall and pushed, shoving hard to spin the two of them around, clinging to Gwen’s hips with her knees as they both went down to the floor.
Stark visibly rolled his eyes, then caught Steve’s hair in his other hand and
(See the end of the chapter for
of vibranium, but he’d never thought he’d ever get to handle it himself. Wakanda was notoriously secretive with their resources, so how had Steve gotten enough to make an actual
“Or do you like the idea of being pretty?” Tony continued.
Suddenly, Steve was hard and leaking, a minute from going off, if that.  Tony knew it, too; his hands jerked open Steve's pants—Tony smirked when he found the fly already open—and then he was pulling back, dropping to his knees.  Steve moaned as Tony mouthed at Steve's briefs, pleading before Tony even got started.  "Please, Tony, your mouth, I need—”
“I think it’s safe,” Tony said, sounding dazed even to his own ears.
and everyone had made it out.
“All right.” Rhodey bumped his fist against Tony’s shoulder. “Whatever happens, I have your back. And so do Jarvis and Pepper.”
But there wasn’t time to be snide; the mechanical menace spotted her and Tasha, its eyes flashing in satisfaction.  It brought its arms up and fired on the crowd, throwing people across the floor and out of its way—although, rather more gently than Gwen would have expected a “known terrorist suspect” to do.
this, though.  Those few brief tastes of this power he’d had so many years ago— and many more years than they seemed to him now, too— it was only his own self-discipline that had kept him from becoming an addict.  But Tony, Tony was his own personal vintage, the Rogers Reserve blend, and Steve could taste Tony all he wanted...
Rhodey and Jarvis were standing behind Zemo, hands up in the air as several guns were pointed at them. Neither looked injured, although Jarvis looked pissed as hell. Rhodey was glaring daggers at Zemo’s back.
. How he wasn’t dead was a medical and scientific mystery that Tony would like answers to but suspected he wouldn’t get unless he was the evil cackling kind of scientist.
The ice around the shield melted before Tony managed to finish choking down his food, and he quickly wrapped up what remained and stuffed it into his right pocket. He was too eager to check the shield out now that it was no longer a block of ice.
“I don’t…” Tony swallowed, pressing his free hand to his head as he struggled to think. It felt like his thoughts were swimming through molasses.
Tony lunged at Zemo before he could aim again, grabbing his right arm and trying to knock the gun out of his grip and to the ground. If it was on the ground, then at least Zemo didn’t have it in hand.
“Wait!” Steve’s grip was unshakable, just on the verge of too tight. “We don’t know what’s out there!”
“No, it’s just you,” Rhodey disagreed. “I’m not part of this weirdness except as a witness to you meeting a new best buddy.”
“No.” Steve tilted his head. “But you saw the uniform, the shield… Besides, I don’t know why, but I trust you. I didn’t have to tell you my name – I shouldn’t have – but I looked at you and couldn’t think of a reason why I shouldn’t.”
Which he wasn’t. He’d leave that to his brainwashed father.
“I can promise this,” Steve said stubbornly. “I won’t ever hurt you physically.”
“...Holy shit.”
First, they really should get out of this cave.
close, so that the whole length of Tasha’s chest pressed deliciously against hers—
“The vibrations!  Would.  They would... good.  As you fucked yourself back on it.  Jesus.  And then—then what?  Do you think—”
“Or both,” Tony said softly.  His eyes hadn’t left Steve’s face.  “Both is doable; I can definitely work with that.”  His jaw ticked sideways, a thinking gesture.  “I love the lace, baby, but it’s time to get it out of the way.  Put your hands right here.”  He raised both fists in front of his chest like Clark Kent about to turn into Superman, and Steve realized immediately what he wanted.  “Yeah, just like that.  You know what I want you to do.”
“Gabriel Jones,” Steve continued. “Dum-Dum Dugan. James Morita. James Montgomery Falsworth. And Jacques Dernier.”
Or some kind of science Tony hadn’t yet figured out. Maybe he would someday (he could dream okay).
Those hands slipped between Gwen’s folds, brushing lightly against the sensitive skin, teasingly spreading slick along the inner lips which throbbed, aching in response to the delicate touch.
He met Steve’s eyes challengingly.  “Something you want to say, old man?”
The knee fallen between Gwen’s legs jerked upward, seating itself against Gwen’s flimsy underwear.  Tasha reached inside Gwen’s clothes and pulled her breasts out of both bra and dress, although the neckline still pushed them together, then raised her hands to Gwen’s shoulders and pushed, holding her down, just as she dropped her mouth to Gwen’s nipple and
makes you think I want you to let me go?”
That sound shouldn’t be so soothing, but it was a testament to his life and the frequent near misses he had with his heart that it was probably the best lullaby he’d ever heard.
He coughed and went on, "I thought we could try something."
“They’re frozen in ice.” Even as Tony said it, he couldn’t help but think Rhodey was right. The person couldn’t be dead. Not in circumstances as unusual as this.
Gwen snapped, before going still as she saw Tasha take over, pushing pants and underwear down and stepping out of them.
For a terrifying moment, it felt like the truck would tip over on its side, but then it stabilized. By the time the vehicle was back on all four wheels, Tony’s teeth were grinding and his jaw was so tightly clenched he would probably have jaw pain tomorrow.
… Yet Tony pressed two fingers to the pulse point in his neck and waited, scarcely daring to breathe.
“Hnnngggh,” Tony said.  “Steve.  Yes.  I am—I am willing to do that, absolutely, I am—are you sure you can’t come with the plug in?”
“Normally that’d be true, but in this case I’m going to call foul,” Rhodey said. “You’re stuck relying on what we brought to keep your heart going. There’s nothing out here for you to jury rig if something goes wrong.”
Tony didn’t say anything else until Steve had done it—and it hurt, too—and once Steve’s hand dropped away, he went on as if there had been no interruption.  Which hurt more than the pinch, come to think of it.  “I was saying, that I’d have you licked open, squirming beneath me, and then I’d start with one finger.  Pull out the plug, Steve.”
Tony frowned slightly. “Probably.”
“On the blanket?!”  Steve tried not to sound appalled.
people like that.) But there was no way he would tell Zemo that.
And then it happened, and Tony gave himself an extra long pull, stroking faster.  “God, Steve, your
At first it didn’t feel like much of anything.  He wondered if that might be a can’t-tickle-yourself phenomenon, because Tony had obviously been sensitive as hell to the first brush of Steve’s fingers.  But slipping the tip his own index finger into his hole felt... unexceptional.  Not
Tony slowly maneuvered to a more comfortable position on the ledge, making sure he wasn’t going to fall over in either direction. Then he looked back down to Rhodey, waving at him to come up.
Steve sent a wordless burst of
“That’s great. If you keep being good, we’re going to try and make it to the airship tomorrow.” With that said, Rhodey loudly tromped away.
“Out just like that, hm?”  Tasha’s voice sounded different.  Darker, more confident.  Less girly.
“Do you really believe that?” Steve’s smile was wry and just on the sweet side of tender. Like he knew what Tony was trying to do and appreciated it.
Tony stared at him in wonder, pressing his lips together in an effort not to laugh at the outrageous statement (or more like how Steve said it). “Seriously? I was joking.”
On the giant screen, his abs were glistening in fluorescent lights, gleaming with sweat and bearing a series of filthy sharpie marks, outlining the places where his own jizz had fallen.  He was gasping—on the screen—and twitching, obviously
In the limousine, Stark presented her with one more thing: a small chest full of jewelry.  Earrings, bracelets, a necklace...  All were heavy, full of more sapphires and diamonds and gold, and Miss Stark urged Gwen to put them all on in the car, even taking off the plain gold studs she had been wearing.  “Staking a claim?” Gwen asked, meeting Stark’s eyes boldly.
The man blinked, frowning slightly. “I’m…” He looked down at the hand still on Tony’s face, flushed slightly, and pulled back (Tony mourning the loss instantly and then chiding himself because
. He’d had enough charge. What had that gun done?
At seven seconds, though, the Iron Man armor focused on her and Tasha.  “STAAAAARRRRK,”  the computerized voice of it droned.  Gwen shivered; it truly did sound like a monster out of some cinema film.  Well done on the designer’s part, she supposed; just on the edge of over-the-top.  “BRING.  ME.  STARK.”
feel it.  He squirmed.
Without another word, Steve jumped outside, apparently throwing caution to the wind.
Mr. British didn’t answer, though, so Gwen subsided into her bonds, the cold, and the emptiness of the room in front of her.
He reached the mound of snow and ice in the center, crouching as he came close to see what the metallic star was.
Rhodey studied him for a long moment, eyes dark. “All right,” he said finally, clapping Tony once on the shoulder and squeezing reassuringly. “I trust you. But if he does something…” He trailed off threateningly, the corner of his mouth curling up.
Are you close?”
This wasn’t a first for Tony, but normally he had a little more to go on when it came to what he was looking for. Here he was literally navigating blind, with only an eerie feeling that kept prodding him to look over his shoulder for the ghost saying hi.
Did she think Gwen was unconscious?  Seriously?  Gwen could get up.  She could.  Would, in just a moment, really—
goals, I mean, not that debutante-industrialist bullshit—”
“Yeah!  Yeah.  I.  Uh.  We were—you were going to put a finger in—”
Contrary to what most people thought when they pictured mountains, it wasn’t like there were flatlands one moment and then – bam – mountains the next moment. There was always a gradual adjustment, sloping hills, some not-so-sloping hills, and mountain peaks in the distance.
After a second of regard, the sharp brown gaze became slightly sardonic, but the curiosity and greed remained.  “My dad used to rave about you, you know,” Stark said, her voice pitched lightly, glibly, but with an undertone that hovered on the edge of cruel.  “That marvelous Captain America! How amazing she was, how good!  Guess it's too bad his little girl couldn't follow in her footsteps."
Tony froze, looking up at him with a betrayed expression.  Steve just rolled his eyes and took Tony’s arm, steering it across Tony’s body.  “Looks like that’s something we both have in common,” he pointed out before dipping his head to kiss Tony’s palm.
Oh my God, what? He had to be imagining this.
With an incongruously cheerful chirp, a loudspeaker in the corner kicked on.  A cultured male voice, British, tenor, somewhere between the ages of twenty and fifty, greeted her, “Captain Rogers.  Please stay where you are and do not attempt to move.  Your return to consciousness has been reported.  Food is being prepared for you.  An automated server will be with you shortly, and after you, with the other prisoner.  Her condition will be dependent on your good behavior; if you try to escape, she will find that decision... unpleasant.”
Where
He moved up with the increased access to Steve’s neck, biting and sucking until there was a dark bruise there, easily the circumference of an apple.  Steve could see it through Tony’s eyes.
“Bright side? What bright side? We’re in a dark cave…” Rhodey pulled a face, shifted his weight, and nearly slipped.
wasn’t supposed to be about the supernatural.
This is the HAPPY ENDING (no pun intended).  If you want the DARK ENDING, go back to chapter 2!
Steve’s smile was achingly beautiful (and how was it Tony hadn’t seen him smile before? He needed to make Steve smile more often). “How does forever sound?”
“Oh, really?” Rhodey sounded far too amused for his own good. “Could’ve fooled me.”
She pulled a hand off of Tasha’s chest to wave it helplessly in the air.
Steve wasn’t just a
Tony ordered FRIDAY to switch to their last “session” in the lab, the one Steve had been restrained for.  In the hallway, Steve shuddered, a wave of heat crashing over him.  He could still remember clearly the length of red elasticized cable wrapping around his wrists.
Steve froze in the act of licking his fingers.
Steve eyed him, angled his body to the side, and then threw the shield again.
Steve stopped scrubbing for a moment.  “I love you, too,” he said seriously.  “Does this mean you’re not going to hide your kinks from me like they’re dirty little secrets anymore?”
Gwen laughed quietly, letting her gaze move off to the side in embarrassment.  “Well then, from one tactical expert to another?”  She waited until Stark had looked up, waited until there was eye contact and attention and
“I haven’t done anything of the sort,” Tony called out, trying to ignore Steve’s almost silent snickering. “We’re being good, Rhodey.”
But Steve had gone up against HYDRA before, hadn’t he? So it was likely that he and Zemo had crossed paths. Even if Zemo didn’t seem to care.
“I wish.” Tony gave a short laugh, spreading his hands. Rhodey was rummaging around in one of his smaller bags. “It’d be nice if it was, and I have ideas for that, but sadly I can’t manage it with technology as it is.” He gestured towards the crates. “It’s a pain in the ass to take it anywhere, and it takes several minutes to put on. Maybe two if we push it.”
). “I have the feeling that even if you could do it…there isn’t anything for me to go back home to. That whatever – or
a distortion.  He could feel it, at least.  And when he twisted again, the torsion dragged at the sides of his hole, and that
And he’d gone through the gamut of metals when updating his Iron Man armors.
He rested a hand against the wall, the cold seeping through his gloves. Exhaling slowly, he swore his breath fogged slightly in the dim light. But it was gone when he blinked.
Tony swallowed, pressing his weight against the crate next to him as the truck drove over a particularly rough patch.
“You sure act like it,” Rhodey said, sounding perturbed. “And so does he. I just…we don’t know his history. We don’t know where he came from, how he ended up in that cave. His story doesn’t match up with what we know of the war. Can we trust him?”
champagne, anyway.)  “Ugh,” she said, casually tossing the glass in the air so that it sparkled in the light, rainbows flashing as it turned end over end before landing perfectly on a very startled waitress’s tray.  “How long until we’re done with this thing?”
. Maybe the man was an alien? A humanoid alien?
“It’s me you want, isn’t it?” Tony snapped, spreading his arms out. “You’ve got me.”
As soon as Steve touched his fingers to his outstretched tongue, Tony went off.  He came half out of his chair with the force of the orgasm, hips pumping into his hand as he shot load after load into the air.  It arched and twisted and finally dropped, landing messily on the carpeting, white against beige.
Tony, please do
Gwen raised a brow.  “You picked it,” she pointed out.
sensitive...  He hissed as he wrapped his hand around it.
“Still looking,” Tony said. “I found you this time, but it means I need to keep rooting out old myths and legends. At this point most of my major leads have dried out.” It was why he’d been out here to begin with, chasing a ridiculous tale with only a single mad source as its originator.
Tony moved his stretched out leg to touch Steve’s, nudging the other’s foot gently.
“I found you this time, didn’t I?” Tony teased gently, rubbing at the corner of Steve’s eye with his thumb. “Didn’t even know I was looking.”
Zemo twisted in Tony’s hold, his body sturdier than Tony expected. He kicked at Tony’s legs, managing a lucky shot to Tony’s knee. It knocked him off balance, and for an instant Tony’s grip on Zemo faltered.
Ex-lovers turned evil that kept wanting to kill Tony? …That story actually wasn’t entirely implausible, even if Tony got sick of people he thought he’d known stabbing him in the back.
Steve suppressed a shudder as all of the blood in his body abruptly changed direction, his hands curling into fists just to feel the pressure against his skin.  He cut his gaze to the real Tony, live in front of him, watching as—as
“Ah, Tony!” An unpleasantly familiar voice came from behind them. “So good to see you. I was surprised to see that you weren’t sitting in the front.”
feel good.  Past the tight clench of the muscle, his own channel was warm and close around him, and it felt hot at the same time it felt viscerally wrong.  Maybe
Tony closed his eyes and felt what seemed like someone tapping him on the shoulder for a brief moment before the sensation disappeared. The words sounded familiar, but he’d never heard them before.
Gwen sighed happily and turned her head.
him – Steve doing anything that seemed remotely villainous, but the picture just didn’t come together. Instead, it gave him a kneejerk reaction of
“James Buchanan Barnes,” Steve interrupted resolutely. “I called him Bucky. He was…he was a kid. He wasn’t even eighteen when he joined. But he wanted to help and I…I couldn’t tell him no considering what he knew.”
When she actually tried the damned thing on, though, Stark took one look and immediately shook her head in disgust.  “What are you
And if Steve was American (which his occasional Brooklyn accent gave him away as), then there was little reason for him to not know who Tony Stark was (even if that made Tony sound really conceited).
But Tony's mouth was already closing over one of Steve's nipples, and Tony was right, of course he was right, and Steve did like this—maybe a little too much, truth be told, because Steve immediately started arching and pushing into the warmth and wetness of it.  It was only when Tony put a hand on each of Steve's shoulders and threw his weight behind them that Steve was able to settle down, letting Tony have his way with him.
that?
The HYDRA minions looked at each other and then back at Steve. Finally one of the largest minions stepped forward, cracking his knuckles menacingly. That was the same guy who’d cracked them before. He must make a living cracking knuckles menacingly.
“I thought it might be a nice way to start.  Playing with it, I mean.”  Steve wasn’t sure about this.  He hoped it was something Tony was okay with;
“Right,” Gwen panted, twisting beneath Tasha.  “Oh—do that again!”
“Nnnn—whassat?  Ants...?”
He reached for the plug.
Tony was smirking.  He probably didn’t even know he was doing it.  “How would you feel about smearing that on your face?” he asked, and Steve didn’t even hesitate.  He raised the handful and started on his right cheek, dragging his hand sideways and down, over his lips, and the back up and around til it was right beside his left eye.
Looking down, Tony saw that the ice had started melting even faster, and he could now see the features of the unlucky soul who had been flash frozen. It was a man in some kind of ridiculously spangly uniform that was also red, white, and blue. There were rips and tears along the legs and one along the man’s right flank that should have drawn blood.
Once again, Tony found himself thrown for a loop. “Red and gold? That sounds rather ostentatious, doesn’t it?” It wouldn’t blend in well at all (not that were was much camouflaging one could do with a giant suit of armor; still, Tony
“You like exploring caves?” Steve shrugged.
Tony grinned, a sharp little expression.
Tony sucked the head into his mouth, wrapping his hand around the base, and that was all it took.  The world went white, and Steve came into Tony's mouth, come splashing out around the corners of his lips, dripping into the dark, close crop of his beard.
to get shot? (…Maybe? Shields were supposed to be defensive. But why didn’t he have any guns?)
Steve was so grateful to hear the instruction that he didn’t hesitate a second.  He reached behind himself, got a firm grip on the base, and pulled slowly, but steadily.  He wasn’t sure what to do with it once it was out; it
?” Zemo gave the title a sneer it didn’t deserve.
The hole was three feet away now, and Tony pulled himself up, finding himself looking down into something dark. It was definitely a cave, albeit a bigger one than Tony had expected given how it had looked from below.
it was hard to hold onto the thought.  And when they
“Neither.”  Tony was gasping on every stroke, now, close enough to go off any second.  “I want—just play.  God, you’re so wet already.”  Steve remembered where else he was wet and felt a wave of turned-on embarrassment sweep through him.  “I want—get some of that good stuff on your fingers.”
It took two seconds before Tony was sitting next to Steve on a cramped boulder, having been lifted like he was nothing but a backpack filled with leaves. Steve was warm, and Tony couldn’t help but huddle closer.
She looked up at her wrist.
Gwen frowned, pulling back.  “Tasha...?”
There was a brief silence.  Tony must have remembering what Steve had done the previous night, because he said,  “Well, put it in your mouth, then.”
Mr. British paused for a full second before clicking back on the speaker.  “I beg your pardon.”
convenient—tearing them down Tasha’s legs one side at a time.  They got caught at the hips and tangled with Tasha’s underwear, and then got caught again at the tops of her thighs.  “Why—the hell—are your pants—so—
Tasha groaned and rubbed her hand over her face, seemingly unaware that she was smearing her makeup even more badly than it already had been.  “You know what the problem with this is, right?  The plan
chest.
“You think it was a whom?” Tony asked.
She thought Stark wouldn’t be able to hear it, or wouldn’t pick up on it, but in fact Stark froze, a deviant grin spreading over her face.  “Do you?” she asked.  “And here I thought you like things round.  Given the shield, and all.”
. Isn’t that strange?”
Tony’s head was turned away from Steve, looking towards the video screen, which showed Steve’s rear view in larger-than-life high definition.  Steve’s balls were dark, his cock still engorged, although softening.  The position spread his ass cheeks just enough to show off the blue, droplet-shaped head of the plug nestled squarely between them.  The steel ring of the sperm plug was a barely visible glimmer between his thighs.
His hands tried to work at his shirt, but he’d lost feeling to his fingers the moment he’d hit the ground. He couldn’t tell if he was touching cloth or skin or repulsor pump and the encroaching blackness wasn’t helping matters.
Tony dropped his eyes, hands fisting in his blanket. “Yes,” he admitted, throat thick. “There was… Too much didn’t add up. Not that you were lying, but nothing of what you said matched up with what we knew of the war, and we were in it pretty deep.”
The ghost that was still watching them seemed to mock him and the prickling hairs on the back of his neck. (He really hoped there wasn’t a ghost and just his overactive imagination thanks to Rhodey.)
“I suppose it’s a good thing she couldn’t come this time,” Rhodey said, sighing. “She’d have both our heads by now.”
After another night in the foothills, they reached Jarvis’s camp in the early afternoon. To his credit, Jarvis only blinked twice on seeing Tony and Rhodey come back with a third person in tow. He didn’t seem to recognize Steve either, but he didn’t mind handing out more of their food for Steve to eat or pulling out additional blankets.
Steve exhaled, one hand fisted loosely on the shield and the other holding onto a crate. “I just woke up, you were the first face I saw, and the first thing I thought was
Steve bit his lower lip but didn’t say anything. He nodded. “Okay. Let’s go.”
There was something in the mountains. There was something in this cave. It was right
She moved towards Tasha, who stepped backwards towards the wall.  Tasha’s hands came up in front of her, braced as if she wore Iron Man’s weapons on her palms, although of course she didn’t right now.
“What do you have on you?” Steve asked quietly.
Jarvis and Rhodey had taken the opportunity to cause some chaos of their own and Tony was about to join them when the guy he was aiming for went down with a startled yelp.
“Oh, I do.” Zemo wasn’t looking at him, his strange gun still aimed at Steve. “But you’re all I need. Everyone else…is just spare parts.”
Tony stopped moving.  "Okay..."
I started this as part of the main fic, decided it didn't fit, and kept it and finished it because I thought it was cute.
“You should buy me a dress,” Gwen said specifically to Stark just as the negotiations were concluding—largely without her input, but then, she had been biding her time.
“And as you were fucking yourself on the vibrator, you would also be fucking me.”
Still Tasha’s, though.
Tony decided not to tell Steve that he had no idea who this Red Skull person was and that it sounded like a terrible title since skulls weren’t red.
Steve hadn’t seemed too surprised at any of the technology or supplies they had, so it wasn’t likely that he’d been frozen that long (he couldn’t have been frozen that long anyway because he’d been there for this war so why did he keep thinking
Mountain climbing was neither of their fortes. Tony usually went for jungles (and caves; caves seemed to be a staple of his career).
Zemo paused, tilting his head. “I do?”
Words, words...  “Do you want... slow?  Or fast?”
These were unforgiving peaks, covered with white snow, with a geography that wasn’t yet entirely charted. Villages dotted the foothills of the mountain range, but it wasn’t like the locals knew the ins and outs of the Himalayas either.
Steve nodded once, eyes closing. “I think I knew,” he said quietly. “I think I knew that I wasn’t going to find my team…that I wasn’t home. But you were there, and I kept thinking that it couldn’t be true. How could I not be home if it felt like I was?”
“I’m sure,” Tony answered, shoulders tightening. He resisted the urge to grit his teeth. “I know we just met him but…I feel like I’ve known him for years.”
that, loved the intensity of it.  Tasha made a low sound of satisfaction at Gwen’s exclamation, and then it was
“Do I know you?” the man asked, peering closely at Tony’s face.
I think you could put an eye out with those things, Jesus—”
“And that, too, yes—kiss goodbye?”
And that,
"Long day," he explained.  He shrugged and dotted a kiss onto the small patch of gray at Tony's temple, the tiny one that Tony refused to admit was there.  "Maybe tomorrow?"
“Tony.”
The HYDRA minion dodged it and lunged forwards. Tony took the opportunity to dive to the side and shoot one of the others in the leg. There was a pained cry and the one he’d aimed at dropped to the ground.
Tony didn’t answer immediately, letting his hand drop. Steve didn’t pull his hand away, so now they were touching hands on top of Tony’s lap. (Not for the first time Tony was glad it was just Jarvis and Rhodey outside.) “I didn’t want the way you looked at me to change,” he admitted quietly.
? He didn’t know him!) be an enemy.
.  The agent escorting her, Agent Bowers, was wearing long blue pants and a mandarin-collared jacket in matching hue, both fitted closely, the trousers widened at the bottom to fit over a pair of boots, or a side-piece.  She looked efficient, utilitarian, and comfortable.
Yet…Tony trusted that it didn’t matter. Besides, Steve pressed into the contact between their shoulders, arms wrapped around his knees. If he had any issues about this, he wouldn’t do that.
The little mirror-sided tissue box he had set on the nightstand was on the same side as Tony, and if he turned his head, he would be looking away from it.  He took one last, lingering look at Tony
Slowly, the Steve on the screen clenched his jaw.  His neck arched, and his back, and then his hips thrust slowly through the air above the chair and jizz was flying artistically, twisting acrobatically to splatter across the recorded Steve’s abs, and it was—beautiful, actually.
Tasha shook out of her grip, pulling back enough to get her hand on Gwen’s chest, finding a nipple and thumbing it into a small, dense point through her clothes.  It felt like warm honey being poured over her breast, her nerves lighting up and singing at the unaccustomed sensation, and that was before Tasha took the nipple between her fingers and pinched gently.  “Medical device,” she said breezily as Gwen moaned and arched.  “Don’t worry about it.”
Along with why Steve felt like an old friend.
"Yeah," Tony agreed.  He slipped off the bed and started pushing.  Steve turned where Tony steered him, so that Steve was sitting on the edge of the bed with both feet flat on the floor, knees spread.  Steve pulled his jacket off entirely, sending it sailing across the room, but when he went to do the same with his t-shirt Tony stopped him.  "Leave it on," he smirked.  "You'll like the textures."
watched
. (What was he? Tony didn’t have an answer and the uncertainty burned because he didn’t just
“I don’t know! The way your life goes, they might be alive!”
Tony hadn’t doubted they would, but it was good to hear it nonetheless. “Thank you, Rhodey.”
“Of course I don’t, but—urrrrgh!”  Tony’s voice went low and breathy on the last word—well, last noise, anyway—as Steve sucked the next finger into his mouth.  “Do—shit.
touch me, let me rub off, I don’t
“Did I mean which?” Gwen asked.  “My actions, or my words?”
And then finally,
“Yes, just like that.”
“Yeah, Tony,” Rhodey drawled. “Where’s your Dyke? You look a bit like one of those mustache-twirling villains…”
Steve tried to muster some brain cells to answer.  “Both,” he said after considering the question.  “It’s—watching you, watching how you’re reacting to seeing me, that’s... that’s a thing, for sure.  But if I
“Please,” Gwen begged, “Oh, God, Tasha, please—you’re so
The village was also…
“I’m afraid,” Steve whispered, the words breaking Tony’s internal focus. He looked up to see Steve staring at his lap, his hair hiding his face from view. He was wearing what looked like a slightly larger shirt now (which looked like Jarvis’s largest), yet his tightly coiled muscles didn’t give the seams any slack.
give me your—
Well.  Did she
“I…” Tony looked up at the looming mountains, one hand pressing against the repulsor plate covering the glass plate protecting his heart. “Yes…?”
“Pepper could swing something with that,” Rhodey said, grinning.
rocketing forward as Tasha curled her hand and put her shoulder into it,
watch you, that would be... well.  A different thing.”
first time kissing even though it wasn’t. His cheeks flushed and his heart pounded in his chest, beating against the repulsor plate protecting it from the world.
“Oh, good.  You definitely should.  I love it when you come to the sound of my voice—
It had been only thirty-four seconds since the armor burst into the room.
Tony wasn’t about to cut him open to find out if he bled, but judging from the darker patches on his uniform, he would guess that was a yes. Whether it was red blood or something else wasn’t clear, but he’d opt for red.
His breath caught in his throat at the gleaming white star that reflected back at him.
Someone batted his hands away and Tony let them fall to his sides, lungs heaving as he tried to pull in air that wouldn’t come. His heart kept skipping beats, and his lips felt numb and tingly now.
Rhodey clearly read this in Tony’s face. “They better not be a zombie.”
“I’m not suggesting that.” Steve’s voice was frustratingly calm. “Let me go first and see what’s going on.”
“I don’t think that’s something you can promise.”
Hugging him was as natural as breathing. “You won’t,” he said, even though it wasn’t a promise he should make (but he was going to all the same because Steve was
at this, but won’t you
“I love you.”
Gwen waited, but the voice had fallen silent, and despite giving it time to resume speaking, it stayed that way.
The third and final bulge of the toy was a different story.  Surprisingly so, considering that it was actually narrower than the two fingers he had just been using—but then, it was round, so even as it was narrower, it was also wider in the other dimension.  There was a feeling of ease as he closed around the narrow column at the base of the toy.  The flat end of the plug was long and narrow, a teardrop-shaped footprint which settled easily between his cheeks.  He could still feel it, though, pushing gently at the sides of his crevice, holding him open as sweetly as you would hold a spun sugar candy.
“It looks like a cave,” Steve said, “but… I wasn’t in a cave before. How did I get here?”
Definitely not natural.
Tony’s mouth went dry and he swallowed, resisting the urge to wet his lips. “Does it?”
Okay, what the
Regardless, this tiny village in Nepal was the opposite of the war front. It was so small that it didn’t even show up on any maps. The mountains had lot of those villages, but it was this one that Tony was interested in because of its proximity to what he was looking for.
In any case, Tony was hot on the trail of something that might be a solution to his ever present heart troubles. The stories were sketchy on what it was, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. And Tony was definitely getting desperate at this point.
“A gun,” Tony answered, since he practically always carried one now. Even when stashed away in the back of a truck. “Do you need one?”
Steve’s voice was soft. “You could have told me.”
“I’d probably fuck you with my fingers for a while, definitely until you were ready and pleading for it—no, don’t bother now, I know—and then I’d have to think about what I wanted.”  There was another slick sound behind him, and Steve clenched his hole uselessly around his fingers in frustration at not being able to guess what it was.  “I could just take you, of course—I like receiving, but when you’ve got an ass like that open and begging to be filled, well...  There’s not a lot of times when you get an opportunity like that...  I could also use a ring.  You’d like that, I think; you like things that push your boundaries.  Do you know about these?”
Steve threw Stark’s hands off him and curled his lip.  “You’re smart,” he said scathingly, “so you already know how
“Yeah?  Well, I sure as hell didn’t pick that
“You can’t just go walking in there!” Rhodey said, shaking him slightly. “We haven’t seen any traps yet, but maybe that’s because
“We hope,” Rhodey murmured, keeping an unobtrusive stance.
And Rhodey claimed
It was quarter after five, which meant Steve would have been waking up in a few minutes, anyway.  He gave up on sleep for the night and sat up in bed, shifting his bare legs closer to Tony and watching the way the faint illumination from the windows played palely in Tony's dark hair.
The crates for the Iron Man armor remained untouched, although Steve eyed them curiously while he ate.
Tasha dropped to her knees, pulling Gwen’s skirt up with fast, nimble fingers.  “Let me,” she demanded.  Her voice was still harsh, demanding; a woman accustomed to being obeyed.  “Let me taste you—come on, pull those off—”
— and the bond blew open under the force of an emotion too big to control, like metal bending in the face of a high-pressure blast from one of Dernier’s explosives.
“Not the bath.  Well... that, too.  But no, I meant tonight.”
“I don’t know what you’re planning, Zemo,” Steve said fiercely, “but you’re not getting Tony.”
“What about HYDRA?”
The bed dipped as Tony climbed in.  “So then.”  A hand fisted in Steve’s hair and pulled his head off the blanket, shaking it back and forth.  “Do you know?  What I would do?”
Gwen growled and set her feet, pushing the two of them forward—or rather, forward from her own perspective; Tasha was stepping backwards, an impressive feat in those shoes, until Gwen put Tasha’s back against the wall next to the open door.  She put one hand in Tasha’s hair, pulling firmly, dropped the other hand to Tasha’s breast, flicking her thumb over the nipple.
“Hate to break it to you, Tony, but following a path made by
“I think you broke
When the kiss finally broke, they remained silent for a long, easy minute.  Eventually, though, Tasha stirred.  “Did you mean it?” she asked.  Her voice sounded like didn’t particularly care what Gwen’s answer was, but her back, Gwen noticed, was tense as a board beneath Gwen’s hand.
Christ, Steve had
That did it.  Steve couldn’t take it anymore, and dropped a hand to the catches of his uniform pants.  It took three tries, but he managed to open the front of it, sliding his hand inside and pressing firmly against the throbbing of his erection, willing it to stay still and quiet with him as Tony finished.  It wouldn’t be long, now.
“January, I think,” Steve said slowly. “It was winter and snowing where we were at.”
Eventually, it had to stop, of course.
As Gwen turned, Miss Stark reacted with subtle, but real, appreciation: her eyes dipped, tracing up Gwen’s bare, shaved, and seamed legs, over the curves of her hips, and waist, and higher, before meeting Gwen's eye.  Gwen sucked in a gasp at her expression; it wasn't the hunger that shocked her so much—folks had been eyeing Gwen up like a juicy steak since Rebirth, that was nothing new—but the
a hole in the wall, and when he turned the flashlight in, there was…
It was reassuring. The idea that Steve would be there – was
The man who had once been Howard Stark – his
Tony’s heart skipped a beat, and he bit his lip, chiding himself for looking at the poor man that way.
The pain was—it was pain.  Gwen had had worse, but it wasn’t fun, and she struggled to keep her eyes closed, her breathing steady.
“Here,” she said.  Her mouth was glistening, too, wet with Gwen’s juices, puffy with friction and movement.  Gwen wanted to suck the wetness off of her, but before she could move, Tasha was holding slick fingers up to her face, and Gwen sucked the juices off of them, instead.  Tasha tasted different than Gwen herself did, Gwen noticed—tangier, more sour and less salty.  Gwen moaned and licked the two fingers clean, even forcing her tongue between them to catch the last drops of Tasha’s flavor off them.
The stuffing goes in a little bit at a time.  It comes in a large bag, about the size of a bed pillow, and he only needs a tiny fraction of that for this project; he's going to have extra stuffing for
perfect) lips straightened and he pulled away from Tony entirely, exhaling loudly.
“You’re gonna kill me.”  Tony said it like it was a revelation.  “And I’m gonna die happy.  How’re you feeling right now?”
They camped in the shadows of the Himalayas, the night air forbiddingly cold.
Something hard and possessive flared briefly in Stark’s eyes before closing off completely, and Stark suddenly became much more polite, if more distant.  Still, within minutes, she was talking circles around Coulson, and when Fury arrived—as reinforcements, Gwen suspected—she talked circles around him, too, until she had arranged for Gwen to accompany her to some party the next night—a charity benefit, Gwen thought.
he sent, meaning Steve’s hands.
There was something in the mountains.
“Round is good, too,” Gwen agreed with smile.  “I should probably mention here that I like things which are hard, too—as well as soft.  While we’re talking preferences.”
Before Tony could answer, Steve squeezed and stroked, pumping both of their cocks together so that Tony groaned.
Tony slept badly that night, feeling like he was missing something that was at the tip of his tongue. Or at his fingers if he reached out and stretched far enough to grab it (there was nothing to grab, was there?).
He didn’t seem to be breathing.
“You have the best ideas,” Tony said happily.
He slept fitfully, though, waking twice more during the night.  The first time he merely rubbed the nightmare from his eyes and looked around, remembering where he was and how he had come to be there.  Tony was warm and soft beside him, so Steve gratefully put his arm around his lover and snuggled back down into the blankets.
Tony barked out a laugh.  “A little bit.”
“Wrap your left hand around your throat. Don't squeeze, but dig your fingers into the side of your throat as if you were going to.”   Steve's pulse kicked up, shocked—or excited—by the idea.  “Slide your right hand down your stomach—wait.  Slower. ...Good.  Now, slide your right hand down and wrap your fingers—slowly—around your cock.”  Steve’s heart pounded at that one, too.  Something about Tony’s voice and the way it caressed the obscenity...  “Let me see.  God, you look so good.  How does the plug feel?”
Tony shook his head, not even bothering to justify that with an answer. (Especially since he didn’t exactly have one.)
“I didn’t,” Tony protested, forcing himself to meet Steve’s eyes. “I swear, Steve, I didn’t
Slowly shifting to an upright position, Tony winced as his chest complained at the movement. The entire area felt like one giant bruise, even if the skin looked mostly fine. There were the scars surrounding the repulsor plate, along with pale, pink streaks arcing out from it. What was definitely not normal was the deep bruising surrounding the entirety of the repulsor plate.
“Let’s just say they have a personal investment in getting me to their side,” Tony said eventually, not wanting to think about who was in charge of HYDRA.
– seemed to glance at Steve. It was difficult to tell with the mask over his head. After a moment he seemingly dismissed Steve and returned his focus to Tony.
people who are trying to kill or torture others; and the only
Tony sat like a cat, exactly in the center of their enormously plush bed, his legs tucked around him in a half-circle.  His back wasn’t exactly turned to Steve, but he was at an angle, a bit less than half his face showing towards Steve; there was little chance that he had seen Steve lurking in the shadows.
“Yes, Jesus,
Tasha was already wet by the time Gwen managed to get her mouth on her, her folds glistening with her own juices, smelling salty and musty, tasting delicious.  Tangier than Gwen’s own slick.  Her labia were dusky colored and slim, the inner lips showing between them in a line, a single drop of clear liquid threatening to fall from them.  Gwen caught it with her tongue, licking up along the delicate inner skin to Tasha’s clit.
magazine’s readers interested, although she’d been recycling old stories and fudging some of his war adventures to keep the magazine going during the war years.
Steve was ambidextrous, one of the few gifts of the serum that had genuinely surprised him, and he used his left hand to slip a finger inside.
Rhodey didn’t look any happier, and Jarvis looked the least happy of all of them, eyeing Tony’s chest worriedly. Considering Jarvis, this meant he was scowling heavily while double-checking their supplies.
There had been plenty of times where he’d thought he was a goner – before and during the war – and there would come the time where he really
He didn’t mind.  Worth it.
“Say that again when you don’t sound drugged on whatever shit’s in there and I’ll believe you,” Rhodey said, studying him closely, lines of concern etched in the skin around his eyes.
Tony didn’t answer, eyes on the shield that Rhodey had just tapped. His nails had clinked against the metal, but it hadn’t sounded normal…
Gwen woke in the dark, chained to a metal frame that hung, suspended, from the ceiling, in the middle of a mid-sized, otherwise-empty room.  Well, not entirely empty: there was what looked like a cherrywood chifferobe just at the edge of her vision to the right when she turned her head as far as it would go, and a glimpse of something bed-height on the left suggested that it might be a bedroom of some sort.  But it was a bit too large to be a guest bedroom anywhere, and the phrase that came to mind was
Except…he had no idea what happened after he passed out. Steve had taken Zemo out, hadn’t he? Or someone had. Honestly, Tony’s memories of what had happened as his heart gave out were a little fuzzy (panicking and desperately gasping for air would do that to a man).
Tasha
in a hard, driving rhythm that was sending Gwen mad.  The noises Gwen was making were totally wordless, now, totally mindless.  She wanted to squeeze her legs together, press herself closer, but it would be rude and probably uncomfortable for Tasha, so she couldn’t.  Instead, she pressed her legs outward, carefully not putting too much pressure on the door because she had learned the hard way not to break structural elements of rooms she was in.  But that self-restraint felt good,
