Cas is right, Dean can barely picture the version of himself Cas is describing. Certainly not the unassuming, reserved man Dean has come to love. His arms ache with the need to go to Cas and hold him, to tell him it’s okay and that he doesn’t need to relive this. Not for Dean, not now.
Letting himself have one last deep breath, Dean pushes away from the door and pulls it open. He’s not a teenage girl hiding in the bathroom, crying over some boy. He’s a grown man with a son to raise and no amount of heartbreak takes precedence over that.
By the time Dean and Ben catch up, Carl is showing Cas a silver Mazda. “AM/FM/CD with integrated Bluetooth,” he is saying, pointing out features inside the car.
Cas closes his eyes and breathes deeply. He doesn’t open them when he answers. “I didn’t know he was released. He’s been in jail. He was sentenced to two years for assault, but it’s only been eighteen months. Probation, I suppose.”
The shiver that runs through Dean has nothing to do with the temperature as he follows Cas’ directions. The friction of the soft sheets against his cock is maddening, especially when Cas grabs one of the pillows to slide under his hips. “Go easy on me, okay?” he mutters, shifting to get comfortable. “I haven’t had anything back there in over ten years.”
As expected, the Cargo Bay store is designed to entice children into badgering their parents for toys and souvenirs, so it is no surprise that Ben’s eyes light up as soon as they get inside. He and Dean bracket Ben, carefully guiding him toward appropriate and affordable purchases. After two circuits of the store, it’s clear that they’re going to have to start moving Ben along if they want to leave by three-thirty, but Dean isn’t exactly helping the situation.
Castiel takes his hand and leans in, lips meeting in a soft, barely there kiss. “Of course, Dean,” he whispers. Wild horses couldn’t drag him away.
Dean's eyelids flutter shut, and fatigue spreads out through his body. Every time he drifts off, a staccato twitch in his arm or leg jerks him awake. The melody returns, a piano so soft it sounds like it's playing in another room. Loud enough he registers the notes, but too faint to recognize it. Dean yawns and curls onto his side, bringing his hand up to rest on the pillow in front of him. The tune grows louder—more insistent—with each passing second. A soft tapping registers and he opens his eyes. A few inches from his nose, Dean’s hand is tapping out the rhythm matching the melody in his head.
Vain because Charlie doesn’t. “Promise me you won’t let him hurt you,” she says, then adds without the earlier venom, “physically, at least. He’s already done the rest of the damage.” Charlie reaches across the center console and squeezes his hand.
Cas frowns and his head tilts to the side when he squints at Dean. “You’re beautiful, Dean,” he says softly, reverently. “Can’t you see that?”
Castiel fights a blush and gives Dean what he hopes is a dry look. “Regardless of whether your scent is good or not, Ben will associate it with you.”
Dean looks at where Jody’s hand rests on John’s shirtsleeve, then raises his eyes to her face and nods. “Ah, yeah, I had this song stuck in my head after the accident, and the other day I realized I could play it on the piano.”
“Seriously, dude? Everyone knows that cars are female.” Before Cas can respond, Dean turns and grabs the second set of coveralls off the workbench and throws them to Cas. “Put that on over your clothes. We’re just gonna be doin’ inventory tonight, but it’s gonna suck if you brush against somethin’ and get covered in grease.”
There are dozens of booths covering the football field, so there is definitely no shortage of things to do. Ben goes into the bounce house, plays in shaving cream, and watches a short science show before convincing the whole family to have pizza for lunch. Although the focus is on Ben, Cas watches as Dean and his family browse books, pick up pamphlets for various therapies, and look up informational websites on their phones. More than once, Sam or Jess or Ellen has broken away from the group to ask questions of the people running the booths.
It’s not as if Dean isn’t used to going places with his family, but whether its Sam and Jess, Jo, Ellen, or his father, he’s the one responsible for Ben. They all look to him, wait for him to act, or hang back until he asks for help. There’s a clear distinction between him and Ben, and them. It hasn’t felt like that with Cas. The other man meshed with their little family unit so smoothly that Dean barely noticed. Dean never has to ask for help because Cas is always right there, supporting him and helping Ben, but without ever feeling condescending. He asks for Dean’s opinion and takes Dean’s thoughts seriously, even if he disagrees.
“Grandma Ellen, I’m exactly the same,” he responds, burying his face in her hair before he lets her put him down. He runs over and climbs into Bobby’s ancient recliner, where the older man is watching a football game. Bobby grunts a hello to Dean before turning back to the television.
“Anyway, point is, I mighta huffed and puffed and blustered a bit, said some things I regret, but at the end of it all, Dean’s my son. He’s been through some shit that no man should hafta go through, but he deserves to be happy.” He reaches out and clasps one strong hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “So, if you make him happy, it don’t matter to me whether you got a dick or tits. Just treat my boy right.”
The first dealership is a bust. It’s a small lot without a big selection other than the two cars Dean suggested he check out, an Audi and a Tahoe. Though the saleswoman is friendly, Cas doesn’t really care for either of the cars on the list, one too small and the other too big. “Okay, Goldilocks,” Dean teases, “on to the next lot.”
“You just wanted to see if I could play it,” he says with a laugh. Deanna had been amazed and delighted when he revealed his strange new talent.
“I don’t think you were only a romantic back then, Dean,” Cas says, leaning against Dean’s side. “You’re still quite romantic.”
Dean tries not to read into the expression on Cas’ face, but it sure looks like the other man is disappointed. “Oh, well, if you have to go, of course,” Cas rambles, crossing the kitchen to start gathering up Ben’s homework papers from the counter.
“Anyway, you dropped two pounds since your release, but that’s expected with your injury. Likely muscle mass from being sedentary. You are taking it easy, right?” Dr. Harris raises one bushy eyebrow and smiles again when Dean nods. “Too many people think they can jump right back on the horse after a TBI. BP looks good, no concerns there. Appetite okay? Nausea?”
“Oh, I love Harry Potter,” Candace exclaims, her eyes lighting up. “I cosplayed at the Kansas City comic con as Bellatrix Lestrange in college. It was a blast.”
Dean pulls a face and shrugs. “I’d be cooking for me and Ben either way, so if you’ve got stuff, it’s just as easy to make something here so you can enjoy it too.”
They lay like that until Dean’s playlist ends and the candles sputter out one by one. Dean’s breathing slows and Cas’ matches it. They’re both almost asleep when Dean murmurs, “This is just the beginning for us, Cas. I told you, I don’t do casual cuddling.”
Cas switches off the lights in his office with a groan and hefts his bag onto his shoulder. Upper management assigned his team a massive project publishing a series of rare 13th-century manuscripts; it’s an incredible honor, and everyone has been working overtime. Cas loves detail-oriented work, but inconsistencies in several of the translations have put them weeks behind schedule. This is his third day in a row leaving after seven o’clock. He already texted Dean to let him know, and he still has the forty-minute drive ahead of him.
“Yes, I’d heard. Very exciting.” Her tone is dry and just as intimidating as he remembers. She narrows her eyes and taps one finger against her lips. “You know, Dr. Blakeslee out at Wichita State thinks he found the lost city of Etzanoa. The department has been consulting with him, and your research would be a good fit with his theories.”
Ben sighs. “Yes, Mr. Novak.” Castiel slowly unwinds Ben from the blanket and together they fold the blanket and replace it on the dryer.
“I hear you’re looking for a crossover?” A middle-aged man with a slight paunch greets them right inside the door. His gaze flicks between them and settles on Ben with distaste, before he replaces it with the plastic smile of a salesman.
Dean nods and hums appreciatively, even though he knows Ben isn’t paying attention to him anymore and he has no idea what a space dog is anyway. His life seems to be a lot of not knowing what the hell is going on these days.
“Okay,” Cas says with a small smile. He reaches over and takes Dean’s hand from the steering wheel, twining their fingers together. “I’m happy, too.”
“Scared.” The word is murmured so softly that Dean almost misses it, but it cuts through him as if Ben had screamed.
The meal is nice. Dean is sure there is some other word for it, but nice is really all he can come up with. Having Cas sitting across him while Ben entertains them with stories about school leaves Dean feeling happy and relaxed in a way he hasn’t felt in years. Every now and then, Cas’ foot brushes against his leg under the table and he smiles, unable to meet Cas’ eyes with Ben sitting right there.
Back in the car, he tosses the bag on the passenger seat and wedges the paper cup holder in his lap. He takes the side streets carefully, balancing the hot liquid precariously. It would have been just as easy to make coffee in the fancy new machine Dean got for his birthday, but whether Dean wants to admit it or not Cas knows he has a fondness for the flavored syrups they use at the café.
Dean’s response is cut off as the door flies open with a crash. They look toward the door, and Dean’s eyes widen at the sight of a furious Charlie. He shifts away from Castiel as discreetly as he can.
Meg only shrugs. “Suit yourself. See you in the morning,” she retorts. She closes the car door and starts the car, the low grumble of the exhaust filling the parking lot, before putting down the window. “No crazy parties tonight, Clarence. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” she sniggers, shifting the car into gear and exiting the parking lot at a much quicker pace than Castiel feels is appropriate.
Cas flushes. “Often enough. I’m generally a waste in the kitchen. If it doesn’t come out of a can or a box, I’m better off not touching it. Menace is the word Meg used, I believe,” he says with a dry laugh.
Surging forward, Dean captures Cas’ mouth in a hard kiss. He shoves his tongue inside, scraping against Cas’ as if he’s chasing the taste of himself. After thoroughly ravaging Cas’ mouth, he pulls away and flops back on the bed at Cas’ side again. He flings one arm over his eyes and groans. “I never knew you were so filthy, babe.”
When Castiel comes back out of the house, a familiar Star Wars character is making his way up the driveway. Instead of the handsome man Castiel expects, there is a pretty blonde woman dressed in scrubs holding his hand. Juliet sits calmly next to his chair, but she begins to wiggle when the boy yells out, “Juliet! Mr. Novak! Trick-or-treat!”
is something we’ll never have again because you left. You’re just a guest at our Christmas, Dean wants to yell. But he doesn’t, because it isn’t Ash’s fault Dean is alone. Yes, Ash left Lawrence, but Dean could have gone with him, could have started a new life with him in California. He chose Lawrence, and his father, over their life together. The anger drains out of him as quickly as it came, leaving him feeling drained and depressed. He bites back the unexpected emotion and stalks to the kitchen.
“Thought you were gonna fuck me, Cas. Make me beg for you to fill me up.” Dean punctuates his words with short little thrusts of his hips, forward against Cas’ hand and back against his cock.
Loading Twitter doesn't go as smoothly. Rather than bringing up his account, the screen shows the account for the center. John must have given in to Deanna's requests for him to post something. Dean logs out and enters his own handle. He tabs to the password field and stops. The cursor blinks at him, waiting, but Dean’s mind is blank. What is his password? Shit.
Dean winces with the thought. It’s been a hell of a long time, going on sixteen years, since he's had to worry about anything resembling a school night.
“It is, man, it is. I’m just used to car shopping with Sammy. When Jess decided she wanted a new Forester, he dragged me to every lot in Lawrence even though they all carried the same damn car.”
Dean's lips twitch and his leg bounces with the rhythm without his permission. The melody in his head gets louder. "Help me figure out why I can't get in the water?"
Dean scrambles to wrap his head around what he’s hearing. “If this is about what happened today, Cas, I’m sorry. He knows he was out of line and it won’t happen again. Come on, man. I would never do anything with him behind your back.” He takes one hand off the wheel and presses it to his chest as if he can slow his racing heart that way.
John’s breath hitches and Dean watches as he visibly struggles to hold himself together. Dean squeezes John’s shoulders. “I miss her, dad. We all do. But I miss you too. I miss having a father instead of only a coach. Sometimes I feel like I lost both of my parents that day. Mom is gone, but me and Sam are still here.”
It isn’t long before Cas calls the meeting to order. Each parent introduces themselves and gives a little information about their child. Some of them share a funny anecdote about something their child did this week. When it gets to Dean’s turn, he gives only his and Ben’s names and tells the group that Ben is in kindergarten. He adds that Ben was just diagnosed in September. No one looks at him any differently, he notices. No one is shocked or confused. It feels weird to be able to say that his son has Asperger’s and not have to explain it. It took weeks of conversations with his own family and he’s still not convinced that they understand. Hell, Dean’s not even sure that
Dean flinches and looks down at his hands. He stares at them as if the answer is there, before looking back up to meet Castiel’s eyes. “I did. Yeah. I like you, like spending time with you and I thought you were interested, but then you came over for movie night and I tried flirting with you, but you got weird and it was pretty obvious you weren’t, so I let it go.” Dean cuts off, obviously realizing he’s rambling, and waits for Castiel to respond.
“It grabs my ankles too tight and makes them itch when I walk,” Ben complains, tugging at the suit again. “And this helmet is stupid. Jake has a helmet that goes all the way around, but mine is junk. It only goes on your face. That's not how a helmet goes.”
The address leads to a sprawling two-story farmhouse on the edge of town. Castiel has jogged past it more than once and he remembers being jealous of the gorgeous flower beds surrounding the front porch during the summer. There are already several cars in the long curved driveway and Castiel spots what must be the Impala near the two story garage. The car is long, black, and gleaming even under several inches of snow.
“I almost died,” Cas snarls, cutting off Dean’s platitudes. “I drank so much one night that I passed out in the back hallway of a club on my way back from the bathroom where I had apparently just bought some pills. I don’t remember much about that night, but Meg told me they found the pills on me and I know I didn’t have them when I left my apartment. I woke up in the hospital with a tube down my throat. If someone hadn’t found me when they did, or if I’d taken the pills with that much alcohol in my system, I wouldn’t have woken up.”
Unable to deny himself, he reaches out and cups Cas’ jaw, tugging the man forward. Cas closes his eyes, clearly expecting another kiss, but Dean pulls back at the last moment and presses his lips to the tip of Cas’ nose. It’s the way he kisses Ben sometimes and Cas’ eyes fly open with a pleased grin. “You’re ridiculous,” he accuses.
Reluctantly shifting Ben away, Dean offers, “Come on, bug. Let’s go eat breakfast. We’ll stop on the way to the park and buy the right kind of detergent so we can wash all your clothes again tonight. They’ll be good as new for school tomorrow.”
He’s been taking care of himself for years. He made sure Michael knew that he could take care of himself and Michael went away. Maybe that’s what Dean wants, to take care of him. It’s so scary, though, to depend on someone else. If they take care of you, they can tell you what to do.
Dean chuckles and runs his hand down over his face. They’ve been making an effort not to be too physical in front of Ben and apparently it hasn’t gone unnoticed. “Uh, you wouldn’t mind?”
“No, it's fine,” Cas concedes, rubbing the band with his fingers. “It’s something I do to help me focus, a self-help technique. You identify a habit you want to break or a behavior you want to become more conscious of and then you snap the band when you catch yourself doing that behavior. The theory is that the physical sensation will create a reaction in your mind that makes you more self-aware.”
“You look dead on your feet,” Dean murmurs, lips brushing the shell of Cas’ ear. His breath is a soft caress against Cas’ cheek. “Go. Take a nice, hot shower, and we’ll turn in early.”
“Jesus, Dad,” Dean snaps. “Nothing could bring her back. We all lost her, not just you. That drunk driver took her away, but you kept her memory from us.” The words catch in Dean’s throat, and he drags in a ragged breath.
He raises both hands to cup Cas’ jaw gently and pulls him in for a soft kiss, just a press of lips. Or at least, that’s what Dean intends. Cas apparently has other ideas, because a soft groan is Dean’s only warning before Cas is shoving him backward against the wall, mouth hot and insistent and so good it makes Dean lightheaded. A hard thigh wedges between his and Dean gasps at how amazing the friction feels as he grinds against it. Cas’ hands are at his waist, tugging his shirt up to slide against his bare skin. Dean presses forward, licking into Cas’ mouth and—
“You’ll be cleaning it up if you make me spill it,” he cautions, tilting his head so that Dean can mouth along the side of his neck.
Castiel glances up at Dean, who nods. “Okay, but I need you to listen. Your father is going to buy the globe, but you can’t have it today.”
Kali and Gabriel are already bundled up, but Cas is still shrugging into his tan overcoat. He is murmuring something to Ellen as Dean steps through the door. Cas’ eyes flick up to Dean’s face and his expression is momentarily naked and raw, before relaxing into a blank expression.
Ben nods and turns back to Cas. “Okay, so at school I’ll call you Mr. Novak and at home, I’ll call you Cas. Is that okay?”
“Best and worst summer of my life,” Ash says with a soft huff of laughter. “I’d always loved you, you know, you and Sammy, but I think that was the summer I fell
There’s a parking space directly in front of Meg’s townhouse and the car is barely in park before he’s getting out and slamming the door behind him. He doesn’t register the time before he rings the doorbell. He waits a moment then shoves the button down again and again. After the tenth time, he reaches down to pull his phone out to call her. Please be here, please be here.
Honestly, he liked Lisa but if it hadn’t been for Ben their relationship would have burned out way earlier than it did. He was just looking for someone to fill the hole that Ash had left in his life and Lisa was as good as anyone. Though it makes him feel like an asshole, he was never really interested in more than hanging out and sex with Lisa. She was fun, good looking, and excellent in bed. He hadn’t really needed anything more.
Could she possibly know what they just did? Cas feels his cheeks heat up and he stammers an apology, “Yes, I, ah, we were just—”
The awkward tension in the room is interrupted by Ben roughly pushing boxes to the side so he can climb under the Christmas tree. “That’s not all,” he says, looking behind the entertainment center. “Where is it? He wouldn’t forget.”
Dean rolls his eyes and grumbles under his breath, but he gets up. He showers with his usual efficiency—using conditioner to guard against the chlorine—and walks into the kitchen as Charlie plates the crispy strips of bacon and shredded chicken breasts sprinkled with cheese. The blender whirs, and Dean grabs two clean bottles from the dish rack to fill with Charlie’s protein-smoothie-concoction-of-the-day. He stuffs them in his duffel as Charlie pulls out the chairs at the table and slumps into one. Charlie refuses to eat at the island. Dean has never understood, but he suspects it has something to do with the parents she never mentions.
It’s really not. While Dean was honest about their relationship—and it’s demise—he might have downplayed how much of an asshole Donnie can be. It’s a feature of Donnie’s that John knows full well. “I’m just gonna go—”
Dean pulls out of the lot and heads toward the next car lot. They’ve only gone a few miles when Ben says softly from the backseat, “Mr. Novak, what does homophobic mean?”
“So you believe he is only interested in friendship but you would like something more?” she asks astutely.
Castiel twitches one eyebrow upwards. “You’re not competing, Dean,” he points out in a whisper, as if he’s trying to soften the blow of the words.
Cas startles when strong hands run up his arms to his shoulders. His head rolls back and a soft moan escapes when Dean kneads the tense muscles. Little waves of pleasure roll through him, turning him pliant and soft under Dean’s hands.
“Let’s get the tickets first, bud,” Dean says with a laugh, scooping Ben up into his arms so he can’t scamper away. He leads them over to the ticket booth.
“He’s outside with Juliet playing in the snow,” Cas explains with a laugh, easily reading Dean’s hesitation. He tugs Dean forward again until their lips are just barely brushing. “Now give me a proper greeting. It’s been hell seeing you every day but never getting to kiss you.”
Balthazar hasn’t said anything since Meg’s tirade started, but he’s leaning against the counter watching them calmly. Cas’ eyes flick to him, then back to Meg, remembering that last time Zar had dared to bring up Malachi.
They listen as the shower comes on and Gabriel starts singing an old ‘80s pop song. When he hits an especially high note they both chuckle, and then Kali tilts her head and says, "You can talk to me, you know. He can't hear you."
“She was a regular education teacher back then,” Cas adds, helping Ben snap two electrical connectors together. “First grade. She brought her class into the gallery where I was working for a field trip.”
“Acquired savant syndrome,” Dean says, shifting on the bench. Castiel’s warm thigh presses against his, and he can smell the sweet honey scent of the man’s shampoo. Dean realizes it’s been two weeks since he even had the energy to jerk off. Castiel isn’t Dean’s usual type, but even with his piercings and tattoos, Dean would have to be blind not to see he’s hot.
Charlie cuts him off, leaning back against the counter, “Lisa and Dean weren’t married. They weren’t even living together anymore.” Charlie’s usual bubbly demeanor hardens for a moment. “Damn drunk drivers. It sucks, you know? My parents were killed by a drunk driver too.”
“Thanks for keeping him today,” Dean says, eyes following to where Ash is buckling Ben into the truck.
Dean swallows a curse. “I didn’t lie. They’re not giving you any shots. They just need to draw blood.”
Dean laughs as Cas starts to help Ben strip the layers away until he’s shivering in just sweatpants and a long sleeve t-shirt. “I saw it, bug. Pretty good snowman. Your old man makes a pretty mean snow fort, though. Maybe tomorrow night we can make one and challenge Cas to a snowball battle.”
“You just don’t seem the type, I guess. You know, the kind of guy to have a problem holding his liquor,” Dean finally admits sheepishly.
Other than murmuring softly in Cas’ ear while she hugged him, Kali hasn’t really spoken. She acknowledged Dean with a wry twitch of her perfectly groomed eyebrow and Dean remembers all too well the last time they spoke. She’d just about taken his head off in the kitchen at Christmas and it doesn’t seem like her opinion of him has changed a whole lot. Although she doesn’t say anything, he catches her watching them in the mirror behind the sun visor several times during the drive.
Where did that thought come from? Though his grandparents have a baby grand in their living room, Dean has never played the piano. When Dean was younger, he often asked Deanna to play, but she always distracted him. There was so much sadness in her eyes when she looked at the piano Dean eventually stopped asking.
“I’m not a saint, Castiel,” Will says with another of his boyishly charming grins. “I’m going to think about you in ways that are pretty much the opposite of going slow if you know what I mean.” He tugs on Castiel’s hands so that they step together, mere centimeters separating them, then releases his hands to slide his palms up Castiel’s arms.
''That's right, buddy, a bunch of fun." He gives Ben one last hug, and if he holds on a beat longer than he should, the crying mothers around him certainly don’t notice. Dean does notice there are very few fathers taking part in this rite of passage and it makes him feel even more alone. Lisa should be here to see her son start his first day of school, Dean thinks with a pang in his chest. He adds it to the catalog of firsts Lisa should have gotten to see that he keeps in his head, firsts that damn drunk driver took away from her. He watches as one of the women takes his son by the hand and leads him into the building. He waits until he can’t see them anymore, until he can’t see Benson curled up in the bottom of Ben’s clear backpack, before turning away. The quiet sniffles of the other parents are beginning to suffocate him.
By the end of the game, only Dorothy and Dean were left alive. “I really thought that sarall was going to get us before we made it out,” Dorothy exclaims, giving Dean a high five.
Dean acknowledges the apology with a nod. It doesn’t really change anything, but something in Dean’s chest loosens hearing it.
Dean tries to curl his lips up into a smile, but the gesture falls flat even for him. “Nah, I’m okay. Just tired,” he tries anyway.
All in all, the car is in decent shape. Dean jots information about the car down in the notebook, then asks Daryl what he’d like to see upgraded versus restored. By the time they’re back on the road barely an hour has passed and Dean has verbal confirmation of another job. Bobby made arrangements to send a couple guys out with the rollback to help Dean get the car on Thursday. All those years he dreamed of restoring cars rather than just changing oil and busting tires and now it’s a reality. It’s just one more thing he owes Cas.
“Well, you just seem pretty close. The way he is with Ben, I guess I wondered.” He stares out the window as he talks, not meeting Dean’s eyes.
“Any time. Eileen and I will still go and meet up with Charlie if that’s okay with you. I booked the tickets last month, and she’s excited.”
Dean is reminded of what Charlie said, how he has a blind spot when it comes to Ash that has allowed the other man to manipulate him.
Dean’s cheeks heat up at the compliment, so he ducks his head to hide the blush. He grabs a stool from the other end of the shop and pulls it up to the workbench, careful to keep a significant distance between them. He’s spent months not even noticing whether they’re touching or not and now it’s all he can think about.
Dean swallows, keeping his eyes on the road. Something about the song has always made him feel like he knows exactly what the singer is talking about; like home isn’t a place but a state of being that Dean can’t quite find. Having Cas make an observation about the emotion behind it feels too vulnerable. “Yeah, I guess it is. My dad used to make all these tapes when we were kids, so they just kind of came along with the car.”
“I love you, too,” Cas replies, happiness bubbling in his chest. Before he loses his nerve, Cas pulls the t-shirt over his head and pushes the shorts down. He steps out of them and throws all of his clothing toward the chair in the corner. He looks up to find Dean staring. The weight of Dean’s gaze leaves his skin itching like it’s too tight and he fights against the knee-jerk urge to cover himself.
Dean nods shakily. “Okay, yeah. Thanks.”  He glances back to where Sam and Jess are still sitting at the bar. “Guess we better go back over.”
Castiel was still sitting there when the police came through the door, his blood drying on him in crusty dark patches. Meg lowered the gun to the floor and put her arms straight up to show she was unarmed, allowing the first officer in the door to restrain her without struggling. It was a tense few minutes, but it soon became clear what had happened. The officers took statements, checked to ensure that Meg’s gun permit was in order, and took Malachi into custody for assault after offering to call an ambulance for Castiel.
“Nothing is wrong, Bobby. I swear.” He sighs and looks through the window. “Look, can I get back out there? We’re gonna get behind, and the guys will have my ass.”
It’s Castiel’s turn to be shocked. “Meg and myself? No, definitely not. Meg is my closest friend, but there has never been anything romantic or sexual between us. I’m gay, Dean.”
“They’re startin’ back up soon,” John says, coming around the desk to stand beside Dean. They look out the window in silence for a moment before John asks, “You okay?”
Charlie pulls onto the highway cutting across Lawrence. Once she’s merged into traffic, she glances over at Dean. “A week won’t kill you. Add some extra lifting once you’re cleared to build the muscle back up, and you’ll be fine. You’re locked for the Opens even if you don’t do the next two Arena meets.”
Ellen cuts him off by laying her head on his shoulder. "Every mom should get to see their baby's first day of kindergarten, Lisa included. It just wasn't meant to be," she says with another sigh. "But he's got you, and you've both got a whole mess of people who love you, so you're gonna be just fine." Shaking off the melancholy, she asks, "He gonna take the bus in the morning?"
As he’s hanging the last paper, the secretary’s voice comes across the intercom. “Mr. Novak, is Ben Winchester with you?
Sure that he isn’t going to want to deal with Juliet’s attention, he locks the dog in his bedroom and heads downstairs. Walking into the kitchen, Castiel makes himself a cup of tea to calm his nerves. He isn’t sure whether to expect anger or sadness from Will, but he isn’t looking forward to either. Although he’s only known Will for a short time, he understands the man well enough to realize that this conversation is going to be painful for everyone involved.
Will smiles, a small thing that makes him look sad instead of happy. “Good. I’m glad.” He seems to wrestle with something for a moment before he speaks again. “I know they say there’s all these things you shouldn’t talk about on a first date, but I’d rather have things out in the open.”
Dean nods, watching Ben throw a soft ball of snow at the dog, who barks cheerfully and darts away before running back to tempt Ben to try again. “Maybe I should get him a dog. Sam always wanted one, but the life we lived wasn’t made for a dog.”
Cas doesn’t mention his own additions as they follow the flow of other patrons into the art show tent. The show is done in two parts, the live auction for the donated pieces and a raffle for the children’s projects. A booth at the front of the tent sells tickets for a dollar each. The tickets are put in a small container next to the projects they want to bid on, and the money is then distributed to the individual charities based on how many tickets are collected at each booth.
She just nods. “We all feel like that sometimes. Especially at first. My son has been in Castiel’s class for two years and we’ve both learned so much from him.”
Ava pulls a bottle of water from the refrigerator and hands it to Dean. It’s quieter and a little darker in the room and the fresh air has only the slightest smell from the incense clinging to their clothes. Ben relaxes immediately though he’s still tapping his fingers and squeezing his face. He can hear the rumble of raised voices on the other side of the curtain, finally punctuated by the front door slamming. After a few moments, Garth pops his head through the curtain and sends Ava back out front.
Cas raises his head, eyes half-hooded, and meets Dean’s stare. “Some are better used with a partner, obviously, but yes, they’re all things I enjoy.” There must be something, some twinge or flutter of interest in Dean’s expression, because Cas smiles suddenly. “Why? Has something caught your eye?”
“Whoa, Michael Corleone. Awesome!” Dean responds and Castiel is inexplicably pleased that he got the Godfather reference right away. “Man, I haven’t watched those movies in forever. We should do a marathon next weekend, Sammy.”
Dean smiles at him reassuringly, then winds his fingers through Cas’. “I do. A little exposed maybe. I sure hope you don’t let Ben in here. That’s more of my skin than he’s ever seen in real life.”
Dean nods slightly, distracted by the snapping. “Uh, Cas, what’s with the rubber band? You’ve always got one on.”
he tells himself, hasn’t released his hand. His palm is callused and the slight scrape against Castiel’s fingers is distracting enough that he waits for another beat before releasing what has become a very awkward handshake. He’s torn between wanting to pull away and needing to hold on longer. “Hopefully, Ben doesn’t have many negative things to say. I aim to make my room a safe place for him,” Castiel offers, taking a step back and forcing himself to drop Dean’s hand. He can smell the man’s cologne, something spicy and enticing.
Dean smiles and drops a kiss on the old woman’s cheek. “Must be the lady wearing the dress that makes it so pretty, then.” He takes a seat on the porch swing, sending it rocking.
“Dean,” Ellen tries, pitching her voice low, “it wouldn’t hurt to take a brochure. Then you will have the information for when he gets older.” She takes one off the table and tries to hand it to him, but Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and refuses to take it.
“When are you going to buy a grown up car?” Gabriel teases as he closes the trunk on their bags. “You know, dad’s dead. You don’t need to annoy him anymore with your teenage nightmare.”
Dean considers this. “I’m not pumping him full of pills to make him sit still,” he bites out, folding his arms across his chest.
The muffled sounds of little feet on the carpeting warn Dean just before Ben launches himself at the bed. He lands on top of Dean, drawing a gasp as his elbow catches Dean in the stomach. “Daddy, daddy, daddy,” Ben calls, shaking Dean and burrowing his face against Dean’s cheek.
Dean sighs deeply. He does know. His family wants the same things for him that he wants for all of them. Of course, he’s had a little harder time finding it than the rest of them. If he’s honest with himself, which he tries really hard to avoid, he
Dean pulls his phone out and unlocks it. There are dozens of missed calls and texts from Charlie, his grandparents, Sam, and even his dad. “I didn’t realize it was on silent.”
He’s just about to ask when Dean reaches out and runs his finger against his cheekbone, much to Castiel’s shock. Castiel is torn between jerking away and leaning into the warmth of the touch, and he’s not sure which would be more awkward. Instead, he reaches up and follows the path of Dean’s caress with his own fingertips.
Dean leans back on his chair so he can see Ben still sitting in front of the television. The finished space station is on the coffee table in front of him. “What makes you think I did something?” he asks, meeting her eye.
Despite this, or maybe because of it, what Krissy can do is make art. She is an amazing artist, both drawing and painting with a photorealism that Castiel can’t come close to matching. Although she was only five years old at the time, Castiel convinced the gallery owner to display some of Krissy’s work that summer. Having graduated from Northwestern with a degree in Art Theory and Practice, Castiel had been doing odd jobs and teaching classes at the gallery for two years. It only took those few short months with Krissy to convince Castiel to start offering to teach art classes for children with special needs. After a few packed sessions at the gallery, Castiel started offering lessons to the local elementary schools.
“Awesome.” He looks back toward the pool and grimaces. “Coach Williams is looking for me. Better get my ass down there. Good to see you though. We were all sad when we heard you were hanging up your goggles.”
Charlie’s room is empty when he passes by on his way down to the kitchen. He’s not as steady on the stairs as he would like, but at least there’s no dizziness. Or rather, the dizziness he does feel isn’t debilitating. He grabs a banana from the counter and walks out the back door.
Dean isn’t sure he heard Cas right. “Asexual?” he echoes. Of everything he thought Cas would say, he hadn’t expected that. “So you don’t like sex at all? Never?” Dean didn’t mean to snap, but Cas cringes, folding in on himself. Dean takes a deep breath and tries to soften his expression before he adds, “I’m not upset or angry at you, Cas. I just don’t understand. I need you to explain.”
Dean knows well enough that the tomboy wins out every time, a phantom pain in his jaw from the last right hook he took from the girl who has been his sister for more than half his life. "I know, Ellen, I just can't help but wish Lis—"
“All fake, I assure you,” Charlie beams. “I have a full collection of wands from Harry Potter on display in the computer lab and a sorting hat. We have a good time sorting the kids into houses the first week of school.”
Even with the extra help, it still takes them forty minutes to load the dilapidated van parked in the alley behind the store. Raphael shows up twenty-five minutes into the process and does more supervising than he does loading. Castiel sends pointed barbs his way, but Raphael just smirks and goes back to scrolling through his phone. He finally jumps into action when Meg threatens to drop a zippered bag holding Castiel’s cymbals on his foot.
I keep intending things to get less angsty, but these boys still have some stuff they need to work through. It would feel rushed if I just glossed over the issues that still exist so that they can be together.
Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose in what has become an almost habitual motion. Before speaking, he reaches down and snaps the thick rubber band on his left wrist. Green today, because Tuesday is always green. He lets the resulting calm settle over him before answering, “I’ve told you, Becky, there’s no need to be so formal. Castiel is fine. We’re colleagues here.”
Cas and Ben exchange a guilty look, which Dean supposes is all the answer he really needs. “I, well, just a few things maybe, to make Ben comfortable here. I didn’t mean, I hope it’s not too presumptuous, I just figured that it would be nice for him to have things here if you start spending any time here. In the future, I mean. If you want to.”
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Cas says shakily, drizzling more lube across the already slick hole where his fingers disappear into Dean before pressing a third finger inside.
Ben clicks and shakes his head. “The heater was blowing hot air, and my cheek landed on the vent, but it didn’t burn. Miss Morgan wouldn’t even feel sorry if I got a third-degree burn from the heater.”
“Don’t apologize. We don’t get classically trained pianists in here, like, ever. That was fucking beautiful.” The man pulls one hand out of his pocket and tugs at the bottom hem of his too-small t-shirt. It’s pulling up, revealing a sliver of tanned skin where the jeans ride low.
Castiel presses his lips together in a thin line and slouches back against the booth. “I didn’t mean anything by it.”
Cas shakes his head angrily and shoves away from the counter. “His ex-maybe-not-ex-boyfriend is in his kitchen at six o’clock in the morning, the day after said boyfriend has a job interview so he can move back to town and get back together with him, and you think there might be another explanation?”
Castiel glances over at the open classroom door before stalking over to push it shut. An elementary school isn’t the best place for this conversation, but it’s long overdue. “I know you don’t, and I appreciate it, but has it ever occurred to you that I don’t need your protection? I’m a grown man,” he asserts, crossing the classroom to stand in front of her again.
Deanna drops Dean off at the house herself. Unlike Charlie, she doesn’t try to convince him to let her come in. Deanna knows Dean and John well enough to realize this confrontation is something Dean needs to face by himself.
Sex with Ash has always been fast and rough, just this side of too much, and this is no different. It’s more like a battle for control than anything, so far from making love that Dean isn’t sure they ever have. Heat and passion have never been something missing in their relationship and it’s a sprint to the finish line that leaves Dean breathless, panting and sated in a tangle of naked limbs on Jo’s couch.
A small smile twists the corners of Cas’ mouth again, then he looks back down at the tablet in his hands. The pencil moves, short strokes followed by longer ones that glide across the paper. After a moment, he looks back up at Dean and studies him, considering, before looking back down,
He’s about to suggest that Dean call him when Meg appears like an apparition beside him. She zips Ben’s coat, then turns a barely concealed sneer on Dean. “It’s about time for you to be going, Dean-o,” she suggests, her voice dripping with venom.
It’s quiet and cool in the house compared to the chaos and late August heat outside. Dean walks over and stops in front of the wall of windows, looking past the barrier separating him from the party in the backyard. He’s spent years completely immersed in a life that he thought he couldn’t change. Just on the other side of that window is proof that change is worth embracing.
Dean shrugs. Other that a little residual embarrassment at being the object of such intense scrutiny, it’s not like he actually minds. He rests back against the pillows, letting his eyes drift shut, before he says, “Tell me about your tattoos.” He cracks one eye just long enough to see Cas stiffen, then relax with a sigh.
“That’s too bad,” Castiel murmurs, following Dean through the living room into the kitchen and trying not to think too hard about being alone in the house with Dean. The interior is homey but uncluttered despite Ben’s obvious presence. The little boy may be staying with Dean’s family today, but he has left his mark on the house. A pile of astronomy books is stacked on the coffee table and drawings and coloring pages cover the refrigerator.
Cas licks his lips and lets his eyes linger as he drags his gaze from Dean’s crotch up to his eyes. The bulge in his sweatpants is obvious. “Why not?”
Charlie pours two large glasses of milk and takes a seat on the stool next to him. They eat in silence for a while before Charlie says, “I’m taking you to your appointment.”
It isn’t that he doesn’t want to talk to Dean. More than anything, he wants to hear the other man’s voice. He wants to wrap himself in it, carve place inside Dean’s chest and climb inside where he never has to be alone or cold or empty again. He wants Dean to wrap his arms around him and tell him it will be okay, that he won’t feel like this forever.
“I’m trying to, Bobby,” Dean shoots back. Grateful his family has his back, he closes the door behind him and goes straight to his bay. Although Bobby hadn’t mentioned making up the time he’ll miss, Dean works through lunch and one of his breaks. It’s barely three when he clocks out, but he already finished four more cars than yesterday.
Cas sighs and sits down at the end of the table, four chairs away from where Dean and Meg are sitting. He’s not so out of it that he doesn’t see the look they exchange. “You shouldn’t cause trouble with them,” he says softly. Dean puts a bagel on a plate and pushes it in front of him, but Cas just glances at it and looks away.
Cas leads Dean to the kitchen and sweeps his arm open to encompass everything in the space. “Feel free to use anything you find. I’ll get Ben in and get him changed. Is it okay to offer him hot chocolate?”
John lashes out, quicker than Dean has ever seen him move. Dean dodges instinctively, flinching to miss a punch, but John doesn’t throw one. Instead, he pushes Dean, sending him stumbling back toward the door. “Shut your damn mouth, boy. You got no business—”
Dean scoffs. “Uh, ‘cause we’ve been sitting in your driveway for over a minute and you haven’t moved. What’s wrong?”
“It’s not like you don’t partake in technology created after the turn of the century, Dean,” Cas points out with a quirk of his lips. “You have both a flat screen television and a Blu-ray player.”
Dean’s gruff voice pulls Castiel’s attention back to him. “Yeah, man, that sounds great. Not sure how often we’ll be able to make since I don’t get off work 'til late some nights, but we’ll try.”
Dean watches, eyes tracing over his back to his firm ass and powerful thighs, as he saunters over and pulls on his clothes. The tight, black jeans stick on his wet skin and he jiggles to get them up. Dean can’t help but watch with regret as he tucks himself into the jeans, wincing when he tugs up the zipper. The grey t-shirt clings to his wet chest, and Dean’s heart—not to mention his cock—aches at how much he wishes he was brave enough to take what he wants.
There’s fear, still, in the back of Cas’ mind. Fear of a repeat of Christmas, of watching Dean and Ash together and seeing that things aren’t as over between them as they say they are. Instead of giving into it, though, he reminds himself of the way Dean beams when his whole family is together. “No,” Cas says decisively. “I won’t tear Dean’s family apart. You are part of that family and you and I are going to have to figure out a way to coexist in Dean’s life. We might as well start tomorrow.”
“It’s personal, Cas, you don’t have to tell me. Just tell me I’m being an ass for asking." He wants to take a step forward, to put himself back in Cas’ personal space, but he doesn’t. Another woman and little girl come to the door and Dean motions toward them. He glances across the room, seeing the two mothers he met at the Halloween parade. “Go do the host thing. I’m gonna go say hi to Candace and Jolene.”
“I was a rebellious youth,” Cas shares with a small smile. “My eyebrow and tongue were pierced at one time too, but I let the holes grow shut.” Cas rubs his fingers over his eyebrow and Dean can see the slight divots now that Cas has pointed them out.
Ash’s eyes are wide with his pupils dilated and his breathing shallow, soft puffs that seem to echo as loud as Dean’s shouts. Dean expects him to try to step away, but instead, he reaches out and grabs two handfuls of Dean’s shirt. He tugs Dean roughly forward, breathing out “I forgot how fucking hot you are when you’re pissed,” just before he crashes their mouths together.
Taking another long swallow, Dean looks up at his brother. He and Sam might not always see eye-to-eye, but he knows Sam always has his back. “Yeah. We figured it out. Just some crossed wires.”
“He’s right, Dean,” Cas says, holding his gaze meaningfully. “It’s important that you and Ben are comfortable in the car too.”
“On that note, we better eat something so we can keep our energy up,” Castiel teases, pulling away to lead him into the kitchen. He takes the plates from the warmer and Dean follows him into the dining room, letting out a low whistle when he sees the table complete with candles.
Once the need is out of his system, Dean lets the Impala slow to a more sedate speed and flicks another glance at Cas. He shouldn’t have waited to talk about the party—or rather, the guest list for the party—but there was never a good time. He can’t put it off any longer.
Dean shifts his weight from foot to foot as he waits for Cas to call the parent night meeting to order. As soon as they arrived, Ben and the other children were ushered off to the gym by Meg and Cole Trenton, the speech therapist, for something they called ‘auditory processing games.’ Dean is impressed with himself that he sort of knows what they’re talking about since he read through the packets Pam gave him. He’s been browsing a few of the online forums that were listed in the brochures too, but he hasn’t gotten up the nerve to create an account.
“Pretty damn simple, Cas. Capital N, capital O. I’m not leaving.” He pulls his hands out of his pockets and crosses his arms against his chest, his stance defensive.
Charlie sniffles, turning her head to press her cheek to his chest. “I’m sorry I pushed you. I was so scared, and I don’t know what I’d do if something happened to you.” She tightens her arms around his waist and squeezes. “If you need me to find a new coach, I will. Just don’t shut me out.”
Dean hesitates, then shrugs. He crawls over Cas’ leg and sits with his back against Cas’ chest, supporting the guitar in his lap. His body is a pleasant weight against Cas, pressing him back against the headboard.
“Wait just a minute,” John grumbles, stopping him in his tracks. “You even gonna tell me where you’re goin’, boy?”
A soft moan escapes, and he imagines it’s Cas’ hand stroking him, that if he opens his eyes, he’ll find aquamarine ones staring back at him. Imagining Cas there with him in the shower, water sluicing down his naked body, is all it takes. The orgasm punches through him, and by the time he opens his eyes the spray has washed all the evidence away.
Cas’ fingertips smooth across his brow, drawing his attention up from the phone. “What are you thinking so hard about?” Cas strokes a few more times, smoothing the lines where Dean’s brow furrows and Dean lets his face relax under Cas’ ministrations.
“But there’s only two minutes left,” Ben whines, attention now firmly on Dean. “Look at the clock. Two minutes and nineteen seconds until the next show.”
Ben wriggles an arm around Bobby’s back, making the man grunt. “I’ll sleep here with Uncle Bobby,” he says, resting his head against Bobby’s chest. Dean has no idea how Ellen came to be grandma while Bobby is uncle when neither of them are actually related to Ben. The boy reserves grandpa for John, but Sam, Benny, and Garth are all uncle. Strangely, Ben never calls Ash anything other than just Ash. Dean has long since given up trying to figure out Ben’s reasoning.
Ellen’s voice interrupts his thoughts. “Dean, come down here and tell Andrea how you make your pie crust.” Growing up taking care of Sam, especially when his father was drinking too much, means that Dean has always been comfortable in the kitchen. It wasn’t until adulthood, though, that he found that he actually enjoys it. He finds it relaxing to cook for Ben and himself every night, and he often boxes up some leftovers for Missouri.
Charlie is standing at the stove putting together chicken fajitas when Dean stumbles into the kitchen at noon. She holds up a rolled fajita and waves it at him like a baton. “I was wondering if I should come check on you,” she says, dropping the fajita onto the plate with the others. Shredded cheese tumbles from the ends when she pushes three off onto another plate and slides it across the counter toward him.
Cas wraps both arms around Dean’s neck and pulls him in for a kiss. “You do deserve it and you’re not taking it, you earned it with all the hard work you’ve put in. The cars you’ve restored have been amazing, Dean. Take it from a satisfied customer,” he adds with a grin.
When Dean returns with two wet washcloths, Cas already has his clothes piled on the bed next to him, ready to put back on. Dean strips and wipes himself down while Cas does the same. When Cas reaches for his clothes, Dean lays one hand on top of his. “You don’t have to go. You could stay.”
“Thanks. It’s gettin’ there,” Dean responds, turning toward the kitchen. “I got chicken and dumplings in the crockpot for dinner. Wanna help Ben set the table?”
Charlie rolls her eyes, but she nods before swimming over to the edge of the pool and starting her lap over. Despite her insubordination, she’ll do what John suggested. John may be an asshole sometimes, but he knows what he’s doing. She’s never complained about John’s coaching, just the way he delivers it to Dean.
“Great. Cool. I gotta stay through closing, but there’s an all-night diner a couple blocks from here where we could grab a cup of coffee after.”
Soon, the field is filled with people. Children of all ages, including many in wheelchairs, and their families and friends circulate among the tents, playing games, getting snacks, and receiving information about various services available for children with special needs. The booths are run by schools and community organizations in and around Lawrence and most are provided for free. It’s one of Cas’ favorite events of the year because he loves seeing the children come together in a place where their disability isn’t something that makes them stand out.
Cas’ eyes widen. This is exactly what Cas didn’t want. Dean can’t put him ahead of Ben. Ben needs his father and until Cas can pull himself together he’s exactly what they
Focusing on the game—one which Dean has never figured out—seems to distract Ben from his grudge. After a few rounds, he shifts back to a seated position on the bed and swings his feet up onto Dean’s lap. “Dad,” he says without looking up from the game, “do you think Samson, Delilah, and Juliet watch Adventure Time while we’re not home?”
He managed to stop Dean from bringing more food last night, but only by telling him that he still had soup left. Although it tastes like chalk in his mouth, he forced down a bowl each night, but only because he promised Dean he would.
“Are you going to let me ask my question or not?” Cas wishes he could rewind ten minutes and take the stairs.
“The message says Parent Night is canceled,” Ben points out, adding a scoop of crunchy tortilla strips to his bowl. Dean takes a moment to be grateful again that Ben isn’t as picky as most kids on the spectrum that he’s read about. He’s not sure he could live on chicken nuggets and buttered noodles.
“Oh my god, I’m such an idiot!” Jolene exclaims, clapping her hand over her mouth. “I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have just assumed.”
“Unless you want to talk about Ben, Castiel doesn’t have anything to say to you. So either schedule a conference or be on your way.” She stands toe-to-toe with him even though she’s tiny compared to Dean’s much larger frame. “Your son doesn’t need to witness a scene,” she adds with mock sweetness.
Castiel’s frowns at the abrupt response, pushing down the stab of disappointment. Although he’s a little hurt by Dean’s curtness, he sends a simple “okay” and puts the phone back on the dresser. Rather than changing into jeans as he’d planned, he pulls on a pair of worn sweatpants and a t-shirt. No need to dress up for leftovers by himself.
It’s only a few blocks to Dean’s house so the heat is just seeping through the bottom of the cup holder against his legs when he arrives. He pulls up the driveway and parks the car. Setting the drinks on the roof, he reaches across the seat to pull out the bag of pastries. It’s a short walk up to the porch, but the anticipation of seeing Dean makes it feel much longer.
Castiel leads him up the stairs, stepping back to allow him to enter, then closing the door on Juliet, who whines softly. Dean chuckles, but wastes no time, spinning Castiel around to press him back against the door. He darts in for a quick, teasing kiss, then pulls away, his body keeping Castiel pinned. He toys with the bottom edges of Castiel’s t-shirt, fingertips slipping under to tease skin before sliding away again. “Ever since you told me about your tattoos, I haven’t been able to stop thinking about getting you out of this shirt, Cas.”
The reality of the show and the people milling about just down the hall fades as Cas’ body coils with heat under Dean’s hands. Dean swallows the groan he releases when that one clever hand dips lower to cup Cas through his pants. He strokes the pad of his thumb over the hard length of Cas’ cock, squeezing the head lightly between his fingers as he continues to hold Cas at his mercy with one strong hand on his jaw.
At first, Castiel is stunned into silence, but after the laughter has gone on for a few moments, Castiel becomes frustrated. “What is so funny? I doubt she thinks her boyfriend cuddling up to me on the couch is amusing.”
As is often the case, the ebb and flow of the crowd quickly engulfs them, pulling them in closer to the stage. Most of the group are college-aged, which isn’t surprising given their proximity to the campus. They are rowdy, dancing and singing along to songs that had come out when Castiel was their age. It makes him feel old. It seems like forever ago that he was part of the press of bodies in front of the stage, unable to take his eyes off Michael as he strutted and preened. More than forever since Castiel had sung and danced the night away, drunk on both alcohol and the freedom of being away from his father for the first time. Sometimes Castiel wonders if that person ever really existed or if he was just a reflection of Michael saw in him.
The force of Cas’ thrusts increases and he reaches one hand between their straining bodies to start jacking Dean’s cock. Tight, steady strokes push Dean closer and closer to the edge. “You’re so hot, Dean, feel so good wrapped around me. Mine, mine, never letting you go again.” Cas’ voice is wrecked, a low growling cadence that scrapes across Dean’s senses like sandpaper, leaving a tingling awareness in its path.
Given that the pipe is more likely to contain hash than plain tobacco, knowing Ash, Dean is surprised when the response is immediate.
“Fine, but no pastries. Dad bitched for a week when he saw them last time.” John expects them to follow the plan the nutritionist laid out and cheese danishes with honeyed walnuts are not on the list. Dean finishes his last piece of bacon and rinses his plate in the sink before putting it in the dishwasher, making a mental note to run the load after dinner.
Castiel says his goodbyes and follows Charlie out onto the porch. When the door closes behind them, Castiel takes a deep breath to steady himself.  He follows Charlie down the sidewalk, raising a hand to wave as he splits off to walk to his car.
“Dean,” she retorts, lifting her legs to put her slippered feet on the island, trapping him. Charlie raises one eyebrow and glares.
They turn down the street toward the garage and Dean can see Cas’ Camaro sitting out front. Dean told him that he didn’t need to be here, but he insisted. The settled feeling Dean gets just from seeing his car reinforces what he just told Jess.
Ash and Dean take turns making more s’mores until everyone who wants one has had two and the children are beyond hyper from the influx of sugar. Annie, no longer the Lafitte baby but still just as rambunctious as ever, tears off across the yard chasing her older sister. There’s a collective gasp when she bowls into Ben, sending his s’more flying into the freshly cut grass.
Cas raises one brow, the teasing improving his mood even more. “I enjoy watching television in bed.” He can tell from the look on Dean’s face that he wants to say something inappropriate, but his eyes flick to Ben and back and he just shakes his head with a laugh.
Standing to head into the bathroom, Dean feels something crinkle under his foot. With a chuckle, he reaches down and plucks the strip of condoms off the floor, twirling them in his fingers. Heat rushes through him at the memories of the night before. Cas on top of him, mouth hot and insistent on his cock, Cas moving under him, the feel of his body squeezing around him. He runs the fingers of one hand down his rapidly hardening length. Maybe Cas will be up for round two in the shower.
Once they're in the exam room, she takes his blood pressure and enters it into the computer. “Dr. Harris will be in to see you shortly. The hospital sent over your test results, and the doctor has reviewed them.” The smile she gives them as she leaves is tired but warm.
“Yes,” Cas responds, making a show of pulling the sleeves back down. “The Eye of Ra. It’s a protection symbol. They were the last ones I had done.”
Despite the pleasantness and tranquility of the meal, Dean watches Cas closely whenever the other man isn’t looking. They haven’t talked about Malachi again since Saturday and every time Dean asks, Cas assures him that he is fine. There’s a tension in his voice, though, that makes Dean think he isn’t completely over the shock.
“The parade isn’t until 1:30, but the parents start arriving at the school at 12:30 to help the teachers set up for the parties and assist with the children putting their costumes on. Even though Ben will be in his regular class, you’re welcome to spend some time in our room if you’re interested.” The last part isn’t really standard practice, but Castiel is sure he can work it out. Even though he’ll never hear the end of it from Meg.
Castiel wants to get up and pace. He wants to ask Dean to go away so he can think about everything Dean just told him and figure out how to react to it. But he doesn’t have that luxury, so he cuts to the question that has been running through his mind for the last two weeks. “Okay, so now what? Where does this leave us?”
Castiel’s thoughts screech to a halt again at Charlie’s words. “Dean dated her brother?” he asks incredulously.
When Dean chances a full look at Cas, he’s frowning. “Although I choose not to socialize with many people, it doesn’t mean I’m afraid of crowds. I talk to strangers every day at work, Dean.”
When he pulls the door open, Will grins, a wide happy smile that lights up his eyes. It makes Castiel’s heartache. “Hey, you,” he says, pulling Castiel forward for a kiss.
“Fine.” Dean doesn’t bother to snap his goggle back on. He walks over and sits on the side of the pool, letting his legs dangle in the lukewarm water. Dean kicks his legs back and forth a few times before he turns and slips off the side. The water closes around him, but he catches himself on the ledge before his head goes under.
“And you, Dean?” Candace says, drawing Dean’s attention away from watching Cas. “What are your plans for Christmas?” Thankfully, Cas’ presence seems to curb her flirtation a little.
Dean starts to argue, but something in Cas’ expression stops him. “Time,” he echoes, and even though his heart is breaking, he relents. If this is what Cas needs, he can give it to him. “Okay, fine, I can give you time, but I’m not going anywhere, Cas. This isn’t over. We’re never going to be over.”
On the way to the office, Castiel stops by Cole Trenton’s office. “If you can buy me fifteen minutes, I can get this part out of the way so we don’t have to start over,” the speech therapist tells him. Castiel knows that the school is trying to get all of their evaluations done so they can meet with Ben’s father as soon as they get the report from Dr. Barnes.
The anxious, awkward look on his face makes Dean want to hug him. He looks terrified; as if he isn’t the one with all the power here. He has the ability to give Dean everything he wants or yank it all away. All Dean can do is wait to see what he’s decided.
“It’s so much easier when you have someone to actually show you,” she returns, “and you get to share the final product.”
Thankfully, Sam and Jess keep Donnie occupied while Dean and Cas fill their plates. When they make their way over to the tables, they take the last two seats with the guys from the garage. Since most of the guys have known Dean for years, they find lots of embarrassing stories to tell Cas about Dean’s younger, wilder days. Dean laughs along no matter how humiliating the tale. He even slips in a few about Garth and Benny that the other guys haven’t heard. By the time they’re done eating, Dean has almost forgotten about the earlier awkwardness.
Dean stalks forward and as he gets closer, he can see that Cas is trembling, just a fine quiver that makes Dean go red hot with anger. “Cas?” he calls, louder than necessary, but with enough force that it startles Cas out of whatever fugue state he’d been in.
“You’ve got to let this go.” Her voice is soft, without its usual bite, and that’s how he knows that she is worried about him.
Cas pushes himself up from the couch, and the soft, worn denim he wears shows that Dean isn’t the only one having problems controlling his erection. “Good. We’ll have dinner at my house,” he says with a perfunctory nod. He walks across the room, leaving Dean sitting alone and aroused on the couch. He pulls his coat from the closet, then opens the door. He pauses and turns back with a smirk. “Oh, and Dean?” he adds just before he shuts the door behind him. “Pack a bag. You’ll be staying over.”
Dean’s eyelids flutter as Cas runs both hands up his thighs, stopping just shy of brushing against his aching cock, then back down. He leans in, silky hair brushing against the head of Dean’s dick, and presses a kiss to the inside of each leg, just above Dean’s knees. “You use all that stuff on yourself?” Dean asks, voice shaky with arousal.
There’s a faint twitch of the doctor’s lips. “Yes, Mr. Winchester, take the pills.” He punches the prescription into the computer before saying, “Do you have any other concerns?”
The phone call came in between the first and second texts. Dean thinks about just turning the phone off and going to bed. After the rollercoaster of emotions tonight, he really doesn’t want to deal with Ash. With a sigh, he settles back against the headboard and pulls the covers up to his waist, then punches the phone icon.
The guy behind the counter shrugs. “Knock yourself out, man. No one’s ever interested in that thing.” He turns back to the magazine he was looking at on the counter.
Cas isn’t really sure how long they stand there, how long he cries. It seems that every tear he didn’t shed in the last week, every ounce of pain he blocked off and didn’t let himself feel, is ripping through him all at once. By the time he comes back to himself, he is shaky, wrung out and limp in Dean’s arms.
Dean accepts a round of beers from the waiter and sighs. “I know. It’s just a lot to handle. I guess I’m glad they got these people that are taking care of him. I get a paper from them every day tellin’ me how he did. He’s been to the special class every day this week, but nothin’ they called me about.”
Ellen has either done this many times before or she intuitively knows what Castiel needs because she motions toward the kitchen. “There’s a laundry room off the back of the kitchen. Everything is up high so there’s nothing he can throw.”
The white hot anger that erupts in Dean’s chest is almost painful, followed by a cold, sick ball of disgust that settles in his stomach. Unable to stay on the other side of the room any longer, Dean slides off the couch and crouches in front of Cas, gripping Cas’ hands in his. “That’s fucking bullshit, Cas,” he says, pulling their clasped hands up to press his lips to Cas’ knuckles. “That dickhead didn’t know the first thing about love.” The thought of this faceless, nameless asshole forcing sweet, gentle Cas to do things he didn’t want to do almost makes Dean retch.
Dean turns to his left to lead them through a wide doorway into the living room.  A large evergreen tree fills the room with the smell of pine where it sits in front of the bow window, packed with ornaments, lights, and garland. Next to the tree, a large flat-screen television takes up the entire wall. Castiel recognizes Ralphie from
Dean growls softly and wraps one hand around the back of Cas’ neck. “Don’t you dare,” he declares. “I will be right back and we are finishing this.”  He’ll be damned if he spends another night jerking off when he could be touching Cas.
“John had Bobby over last night to watch some pre-season football or somethin’. He was complaining about you taking the giant TV.” She glances up at where his flatscreen is mounted above the fireplace in the living room.
“You talk to me. That’s what you do. That’s how relationships work. We talk about it and you tell me what you’re thinking and we work it out together. For fucks sake, Cas, I’m no better than that asshole. I was pushing you to do things you didn’t want to do.” A wave of shame curls through him, turning his stomach. “You never have to do anything you don’t want to do. I’m not going anywhere. You’re more important than sex.”
“You have to be upfront with me. I won’t spend my time stumbling around in the dark wondering what you mean or what is happening. I’ll ask and you’ll tell me, and if you aren’t honest with me, I won’t be able to do this anymore. You’ve become very important to me, Dean, you and Ben both, but I won’t allow you to hurt me again,” Castiel insists, trying to keep his voice steady even though the sight of Dean so emotional is tearing him apart inside.
Like mother, like daughter. Ellen scoops Ben up into an overzealous hug and swings him around as if she hadn’t just picked him up from school five hours ago. “I think you grew since this afternoon,” she exclaims, earning a giggle from Ben.
The pulsing clench of his body around each bead as it slides out of him is both the strangest and most incredible thing Dean has ever felt. Even after the last bead has slipped free and Cas returns to licking at his hole, he can feel his rim fluttering. He rolls against the bed again, sliding in the slick, wet spot his steadily dripping cock is making on the sheets.
The paperwork on the first car says it needs the tires rotated and balanced. Although he’s been fixing cars since he was fifteen, he feels sluggish and distracted. Nothing goes right. He drops the lug nuts three times, trips over the impact gun hose, and lets a tire roll into the bay across from him. Benny laughs when it almost knocks the guy working there on his ass, but Bobby isn't amused.
“No,” he barks. “I can’t, I just can’t do this anymore. I should have known better after Christmas. I should have seen that I would never be able to come between them. Maybe Dean didn’t lie, but he obviously can’t stay away. Michael, Raphael, Malachi, mom, now Dean. When am I going to learn that I don’t get the happy ending?”
Dean pushes the zipper down then shimmies out of the rest of his clothes until he’s stretched out gorgeous and naked across Cas’ bed. He trails one hand slowly up to cup his balls, fingers dragging up the length of his hard dick, then continuing up his chest to roll one nipple lazily between his fingers. “Then come tie me down and fuck me, Cas.”
When he comes up again, Castiel lets him pull off the whole way, groaning when Dean dips his head to mouth at his balls, leaving them shiny with saliva. He looks up and his voice is already rough when he says, “Fuck my mouth.”
Cas tenses and Dean wonders if he’s gone too far, been too pushy. He’s about to play it off, tell Cas to just tell him to go to hell, when Cas nods. “Okay.” He gets up and takes Dean’s hand to pull him off the couch.
Dean shoots him a dirty look. “You’re in for it, mister,” Dean promises darkly, squeezing Castiel’s thigh under the table.
They follow Aaron through the lot to a pale blue CR-V. Aaron opens it up and ushers Cas into the driver’s seat. He walks around the outside of the car, listing off features and chatting with Ben as they go. “Whoa, the kid really knows his stuff. We should give him a job. I bet he knows more about this car than some of our salespeople,” he jokes.
Gabriel perks up considerably when they pull into the driveway. Castiel and Gabriel retrieve the bags from the trunk as the garage door closes behind them, and then follow Kali into the house. Juliet barks frantically as they enter, immediately slamming her body into Gabriel to knock him back against the wall.  Gabriel drops the bags and laughs, sinking down to throw his arms around the dog as she tries to lick his face.
There’s a part of Castiel that wants Dean so badly that he wishes he could tell Dean that it doesn’t matter, that they’ll get past whatever the problems are with his ex-boyfriend. He wants to go back to feeling comfortable when Dean touches him and he wants to know what it’s like to know that he is desired by Dean. For a moment, the words are on the tip of his tongue. Then he looks at Dean, at the confusion in his eyes, and he knows that he would be doing them both a disservice if he takes the easy way out. It won’t stay easy for long and if they aren’t sure this is what they want, it will end up hurting both of them.
for his evening yoga ritual. He doesn’t let his mind wander through memories like he usually does, his emotions feeling like a raw nerve ending. He’s experienced enough trips into his past this evening. He practices mindfulness instead, trying to focus on the physical experience of his body moving through the motions.
Cas lets out a gasp and Dean grins. “I know, right?” he murmurs, leading Cas over to a pavilion. With the lake mostly frozen and snow hanging undisturbed in the trees around it, the scene is like something from a Christmas card. Where the sun glances off the ice, light twinkles and arcs through the air like rainbows from a sun-catcher. On the far side of the lake, in the protected game lands, Dean can see a small family of deer grazing.
Ash nods, eyes sliding away to the kitchen door. “I, ah, hope you don’t mind but I figured I’d put in an order for you so it’d be ready when you got here. Burger and nuggets, right?”
“Don’t,” Dean interrupts, pressing two fingertips to Cas’ lips. “You have nothin’ to be sorry for. I know this sucks and I would have told you sooner but things haven’t exactly been easy for you lately and I didn’t want to add to it.” He pulls his fingers away and replaces them with his lips, just a gentle slide that ends with a peck at the corner of Cas’ mouth.
“We’re not going to the hospital,” Dean reminds him as they get out of the car. “This is Urgent Care for when you need to see a doctor but your doctor doesn’t have any appointments.”
“But you’re there to catch him, Dean. You always catch him.” Cas’ eyes are wide and clear, looking at Dean with some emotion that he refuses to name.
Donnie waits until Dean reaches the fence at the edge of the property before he speaks. “I was just fucking around. You used to have a sense of humor.”
As usual, Dean’s head swirls with the effort of keeping up with Ben’s monologs. “Okay, okay. Yeah, I gotta run some stuff over to Grandpa’s place, but we can go down to the park after.”
Cas’ expression softens, blue eyes sympathetic. He tilts his head to one side, squinting slightly as he studies Dean. Dean’s attention is drawn downward by a small movement that turns out to be Cas snapping a yellow band on his wrist. “I’m sure it’s hard to raise Ben without his mother, but you’re doing a wonderful job. Ben is a lovely little boy.”
raid at six tonight, and I still need to fill out the contract for Mad Wave. I’ll just stay after morning training tomorrow. The weight room is less likely to be packed then.”
“Get up here,” Cas growls, forcing Dean to stand before freeing his cock from his pants again. Despite the traumatic interruption, he’s still half-hard and it only takes a few strokes before he’s shoving his jeans down to step out of them. He rips his shirt over his head and tosses it across the room while he waits until Cas does the same. As soon as Cas is naked, Dean tackles him onto the bed.
“I talked to Mr. Knisely. If I’m medically certified as unable to compete by June twentieth, they can remove me from the team without breach of contract.”
“Shouldn’t that be Harvelle-Singer-Winchester family?” Ash asks, sliding another marshmallow off the stick by sandwiching it between two graham crackers. He adds a piece of chocolate and hands it to Isabelle, Benny and Andrea’s oldest daughter. Unlike Jo, the pre-teen blows on the dessert before taking a bite.
“Thanks. It happens to all of us eventually,” Dean says, giving him a small wave. “It was good to see you, too. We’ll keep in touch.”
Dean anxiously waits for Cas to finally make his way to their group so that he can have even just a moment of interaction. Being in the same room as the man and not being able to talk to him is killing Dean. Just when Cas starts to part from the group beside them, there is a ruckus in the hallway and the students burst through the doorway with Meg. Dean could scream at her lousy timing.
Castiel nods, unable to force words past the lump in his throat. Dean takes much less time at the grave than Ben did and when he approaches, Castiel turns to start back to the car. Ben, however, has other plans. He squeezes Castiel’s hand and when he looks down, Ben murmurs, “Your turn to talk to her.”
Jo turns on her heel and marches away, so Dean follows her out of Bobby and Ellen’s kitchen. The couple uses every excuse to have a party and this Labor Day is no different. The backyard is still the same as it was when he was a kid, so it seems strange to watch a whole new set of children run around the lawn in swimsuits. Dean is glad the late summer cold snap has passed, shooting the temperatures back up into the low 80s for the past week. Not that lower temperatures would have kept Ben or the girls out of the pool.
Castiel stands, stoic, his back to Ben as the child screams and punches his legs and lower back. Although he is small, the blows begin to hurt after a few moments. Castiel was hoping Ben would calm down without the audience, but he doesn’t appear to be letting up. “I hate you! You’re a big bully! I wish you never came to Christmas!” he yells, starting to kick at the back of Castiel’s legs as well.
He turns and follows her gaze to where Jo is whipping Benny in another round of darts. He sees Sam roll his eyes and he shrugs. “Not my girlfriend,” he responds, letting his eyes flit down to her lips for a moment, then back up to her eyes.
Charlie closes Dean’s door on the way out. While a closed door won’t keep John from waltzing in whenever he wants, she insists on not giving him an open invitation. Charlie’s bedroom door stands open, separated from his only by the en suite bathroom they share, but John never messes with Charlie. He reserves his meddling for his oldest son.
Castiel steels himself against the pleading tone. “You didn’t do anything. You’re wonderful and amazing and—”
On the rare occasions that he does manage to fall asleep, he wakes up in a cold sweat not much later. The dreams are hazy, nebulous, but leave him with a crushing sense of dread. Though he doesn’t remember all the details there is always the lingering feeling that they have something to do with his mother and Dean. He wants so badly to talk to Dean about them, but he knows how much Dean is already worrying so he doesn’t mention them.
When Dean comes down the stairs he can hear Cas’ voice in the living room, so he veers toward the kitchen instead. He goes through the back door and snags several beers from the fridge in the garage to restock the kitchen. He has the intense urge for a bottle of whiskey, but he still needs to drive Ben home tonight, so he pushes it away. When he walks back into the kitchen, the desire for a shot, or several, intensifies when he sees Kali standing near the counter. Her caramel eyes are snapping with anger. Awesome.
“Rest up and we’ll get back to work next week,” John says. He keeps talking like that. They’ll get back to it on Monday, or in a few days, or next week—as if it’s only a matter of waiting for Dean to decide he can swim.
A few droplets of water hit Dean in the chest when Castiel slaps his hand on the surface with a grin. “I just did. Living the way they wanted was killing me. Future Business Leaders of America and the debate team, black tie events at the country club. I knew if I didn’t get out, it would suck the life out of me.”
“I’m down,” Dean blurts. He moves in and captures the guy’s full lips in a slick kiss. Dean licks his lips when they break apart, tasting whatever sweet, bitter alcohol the man had been drinking. “I don’t have a car, so—”
No matter what Ash might have said, Cas isn’t expecting the relief that shows in the other man’s eyes. “I, ah, thanks, man.” He starts to put out his hand to Cas, then pulls it back. Dean must have told him that Cas doesn’t like to be touched.
“You’re not extending your left arm,” John snaps, drawing Dean's attention back to the training session in front of him.
“That’s why she will never find out,” he admonishes. The Campbells and John have always been on cautiously civil terms. Dean isn’t sure if it’s because John ruined Mary’s second Olympic bid when he got her pregnant, or if there’s something deeper behind their animosity. They live in the lavish house Samuel and Deanna built them, but John pulls a salary from the aquatic center as if he was a normal employee. Dean doesn’t ask why because his family thrives on avoiding their issues. “Not worth the drama,” he adds, turning to stare out the side window with the vain hope Charlie will drop it.
All three Novaks choose to take their shoes off, if only due to the frozen mud clinging to them from the walk up the driveway. Dean doesn’t comment but his smile seems appreciative, making Castiel feel like they passed an unspoken test. Dean places them on a rubber mat with several other pairs of shoes.
A nurse comes in before Charlie gets back. He’s young, around Dean’s age, with buzzed blond hair and a cute smile. His hands are gentle when he cups the back of Dean’s head and shines a light in his eyes. Dean lets out an involuntary moan when the guy’s fingers graze the bandage nestled in his hair. “Hurts?”
“You look nervous,” he says softly, one hand on the back of Castiel’s neck to press their foreheads together. Dean gives him another soft kiss, this one lingering a few moments longer than the first and sighs. “Don’t be nervous.”
Will cuts him off with a gentle smile. “You don’t have to explain. It’s cool. Hey, I know, the new Marvel movie is playing. We could do that if you don’t mind going clear down to the mall.”
Castiel pulls him down so that Dean is sitting with his back against Castiel’s chest, head lolling tiredly against his shoulder. He rubs small circles into Dean’s temple, trying to ease the tension his can see in the lines on his forehead. “Are you okay?” he murmurs.
He lets out a short laugh. “It’s white tea, Meg. No alcohol.” Castiel had been surprised when Violet offered it to him the last time he was in the club, but it was certainly easier to enjoy his drink than carrying a teacup through the crowd.
The final and most frustrating thing Dean realized today is that he doesn’t like being sidelined. A quickly resolved but very infuriating argument occurred when Dean assumed that he would be going to Pontiac with Cas. Only Cas’ pinched, desperate look kept Dean from becoming angrier than he did. Luckily, the whole disagreement was settled with nothing more than a huff from Cas when they realized that Gabe had booked two tickets on the flight.
Castiel looks up at Meg, who still stands just behind Ben, but she just shrugs. “Miss Masters is right, Ben, you can’t look in the telescope when you make poor choices.”
Shaking his head fondly, Cas pulls him in for another light kiss. “Hmmm,” he teases, “Jealousy ends in public blowjobs. I’ll have to mark that down.”
Cas finally turns to meet his eyes again, the depth of emotion in them taking Dean’s breath away. “Yes.”
He pulls the door open and reaches inside, forcing his hand not to shake. “I’m sorry I yelled, Ben. Can you come out of there please?”
“And now,” Zachariah continues, not deterred by Cas’ lack of response, “you have the nerve to bring this man to your mother’s funeral. You threw away everything your parents worked so hard to give you, but that wasn’t enough. You do her this final disrespect by flaunting your perversion in front of everyone when you should be groveling for forgiveness in honor of her memory. You’re a disgrace, Castiel. Your mother would be ashamed.”
, the breakup had been brutal even from the sidelines. It’s odd to see Charlie so subdued, but he’s glad she’s not burying herself in nachos and
“We’re interested in takin’ a look at the Santa Fe you had in the paper,” Dean says as Aaron shakes both of their hands.
“Good to see you, Cas,” Ash returns with a relieved grin. Despite Cas’ assurances the night before, the other man had clearly been worried that Cas wouldn’t accept his presence. “It’s a pretty elite trick, takes two pieces of paper, but I’m willing to pass on the secret for a friend of Ben’s.”
A slow coil of warmth settles in his stomach as he leans forward slowly, never breaking the eye contact. He slips his tongue out to lick at the creamy custard slowly, curling his tongue into the bowl of the spoon to get every remnant.  From the look in Dean’s eyes, he’s not the only one breathing a little heavier after that display. Dean takes another scoop of the dessert and brings it to his own mouth, sliding his tongue along the spoon obscenely before flicking his eyes back down to Castiel’s lips again.
The last thing Dean wants to do is hang out in a club with Mack and his buddies, but he still gives a sharp nod. “Sure, we’ll see. We might have family stuff going on tonight, but I’ll text you if we’re up to it.”
As he would have predicted, Ben starts to wail louder. He continues to fling insults and threats at both Castiel and Dean, but Castiel just continues to count. He’s thankful that Ben hasn’t become aggressive because that would have led to them carrying him out of the store immediately. At least this way, there is still the possibility of a peaceful resolution.
Dean closes his hand, squeezing Cas’ fingers gently in reassurance. “Ash isn’t what I need,” he says, holding Cas’ gaze and willing him to see the truth in his words. “He was the center of my universe for so long that I guess I never noticed when the universe shifted. I’m done living in the past. He’s family, and I know that’s not gonna be easy on you, knowing what we had, but I promise you, it’s in the past. I wanna make a future for me and Ben. I don’t know what’s gonna happen with me and you, but when I look into that future I really wanna see you there. If you’ll give me a chance, I really want to try to make that happen.”
Thankfully, Dean doesn’t seem to notice the exchange. He takes the bag of gifts from Gabriel, making a tisking noise. “You didn’t have to bring gifts,” he says softly. “You’re guests.”
Caught up in the fantasy of what would happen next, he doesn’t realize Ben is talking to him until Cas clears his throat. “I put Cas’ coat in the closet. Is that right, daddy?”
Ellen is continuing, resolutely ignoring what she knows Dean doesn’t want to talk about, “You know any of us would watch Ben for you, even overnight. For crying out loud, you’ve got Missouri right next door and she’s always happy to have that boy, day or night.”
Jody cuts him off before John can respond. “That’s fascinating, Dean,” she says, her eyes lighting up. “Dr. Harvelle does great work.”
It’s not what Cas was expecting. Ash should be fighting for Dean; telling Cas that he’ll never be to Dean what Ash is. The script has been flipped and Cas is at a loss. He says the first thing he thinks. “Did you sleep with Dean last week?”
Ben thinks about it for a moment, then nods. “Okay. Good night, Cas.” He snuggles down under the covers and closes his eyes while the planets and stars dance on his walls and ceiling from the rotating shade on the lamp beside his bed.
is a bust. Dean shoves away from the desk, the rolling chair crashing into the filing cabinet with a clang.
Once second… two seconds… Dean counts his heart beats. The first two are steady, but they’re speeding up. By the third and fourth, his heart is racing, pumping adrenaline through his system. His eyes snap open, but the water is full of dark shadows. The song hit a crescendo, pounding discordant piano notes crashing through him, over him. He flails, but his face doesn’t break the surface.
Sam sighs. “She’s not a shrink, Dean. I looked at the papers you gave Ellen. She’s a psychologist who specializes in the diagnosis of learning and developmental disorders. Since Woodlawn is such a small school, they subcontract with her rather than having their own in-school psychologist.”
They regard each other in silence for a few moments. Ash seems different than he was at Christmas. Less blustery bravado and brazen cockiness, more withdrawn and subdued. He’s almost a shell of the man Cas met six months ago. “Would you have preferred if I had hit you?” Cas asks, suddenly curious.
Dean nods and looks around for an escape, but he doesn’t see one. “We did. They’re pretty easy,” he states. “You just gotta make sure you don’t overmix the batter.”
“Vasovagal syncope,” Dr. Roberts repeats, spinning back to Ben. “It means the body overreacts to certain triggers, like the smell of the paint, and causes heart rate and blood pressure to drop. That leads to a brief loss of consciousness.” He looks back at Dean. “I saw in his chart his blood pressure is on the low side. Is that normal for him?”
Cas tilts his head to the side in that way that Dean has come to understand means he’s considering the question, squinting slightly in thought. Dean shoves away the errant thought that he looks damned adorable like that. “Children who have autism are often easily overstimulated. They find it hard to calm down when they are in large groups or in situations when there is a high level of activity. Their brains can’t process everything at once.”
Guilt washes through Dean. He brushes his fingertips across Cas’ cheek, tracing the curve of the bone under his skin. “We can’t do something just because I want it. That’s not right. As long as I have you in my life, the rest isn’t important. I can take care of it myself, like I have been. You don’t have to worry I’m gonna make you do something.”
Cas lays one hand reassuringly on Dean’s thigh. “I’m not going anywhere. I’m just getting undressed. You seem to be a step ahead of me here.” He palms lazily at Dean’s cock as he finishes stripping out of his clothes, then looks down at the other two toys on the bed, a slim, curved vibrator and a thick, veined dildo. He’d planned to tease Dean, make him beg for it, but he’s not sure he can hold out long enough.
“Okay. Let’s check the wound.” The doctor stands and peels back the bandage from Dean’s head. He folds it and puts it in the biohazard container. Dean winces when he prods it. “You’re healing fine. No sign of infection and the swelling has lessened. I’ll put more antiseptic on it, but you can leave the bandage off. Be careful to keep it clean and swab it with antiseptic twice a day.”
“For what?” Cas whispers without opening his eyes. Dean lingers, and Cas’ lips brush his as they move. “I should be thanking you.”
Dean shrugs to himself in the dark and picks up his glass again. Bobby is driving, so if he’s dead on his feet he can just nap in the car. He’ll never hear the end of it if he has a hangover, but it’s better than facing the tornado of thoughts that won’t stop whirling in his head. He goes to the kitchen and pours another couple of inches into the glass, takes a large swallow, then pours some more.
Castiel walks briskly past the office and down the kindergarten wing toward Miss Blake’s classroom. He doesn’t know her well, but has a friendly professional relationship with her. He taps lightly on the door and enters when she waves him in. The slender dark haired woman is reading the class a picture book about Spider’s first day of school. She motions with her head toward her desk at the back of the room without pausing.
Castiel laughs at the absurdity. “No, not at all. An old boyfriend tried to teach me to play guitar, years ago, but I never caught on. Just a fan.”
Cas flushes adorably and bites his lower lip before answering. “I, well, I saw it the other day at the store and it was on sale, so I thought Ben might like to have a robe. I was going to give it to you, but I forgot.”
Although he’s pretty sure it’s against the rules, Violet lets him linger at the bar at closing time until Will finishes wrapping up with the band. Will takes his hand as they leave the club and Castiel focuses on the gentle pressure of Will’s fingers intertwined with his as they walk down the street. It’s a good feeling.
As soon as she's out of earshot, Dean releases the breath he was holding. “Holy shit. I can’t eat this.”
“You’re all a bunch of traitors,” he splutters, yanking away before the entire bottle empties on him. Laughter erupts and even Kali giggles as the suds drip out of his beard.
When Will leans in, one hand braced on the open door and other cupping Castiel’s face, Castiel’s eyelids flutter closed in anticipation. They snap open when Will just brushes his lips against Castiel’s cheek again.
“They can’t keep me here, Dad. You promised. I have to feet Samson and Delilah. They’ll be mad if the doctors keep me here.”
“I’ll be here,” Cas responds, that little voice questioning where else he would be since he barely leaves the house. Before Dean hangs up, though, Cas adds in a small voice, “I miss you.”
Ash sighs, sliding one hand over to rest on Dean’s knee. “I don’t know. We gotta talk this out, I know, but we’ve got a whole house full of people waitin’ for us. Now isn’t the time.”
“Yeah, man, it’s good. Ben likes the games and stuff and hanging out with the other parents is kinda cool.”
While Ellen and Jess set up the living room for the gift opening, Jo recruits Ash and Dean to help her carry more presents in from the garage. Castiel is amazed by the number of gifts and is glad that he decided to bring gifts for Dean and Ben, as well as something for Ellen and Bobby as a thank you for inviting them. Gabriel saunters over to stand next to Castiel where he is trying to stay out of the way.
“Fuck you, Ash,” he bites out, tamping down the desire to pitch the phone across the room. “Just fuck you. You ripped my fucking heart out and now that I’m moving on, I’m making a life for me and Ben, a life with Cas, you’re just gonna waltz in and turn everything on its ear? I can’t fucking believe you.”
Castiel’s eyes dart to Dean, who chuckles. Castiel nods. “This color is called fawn, but yes, your father’s hair glows the same way in the sunlight.”
Dean loses track of time the same way he did the first day. When the last crisp, clear tone rings through the store, he buries his hands in his hair and presses his forehead to the cool polished wood. Dean takes a few deep breaths to steady himself and shoves the bench back a few inches. When he turns, he almost jumps out of his skin.
Jo puts her hand on his arm and squeezes gently. “You and Ash alone together is just as likely to go a different direction than ugly.”
“Do you think about me when you jack off, Cas, think about me touching you? Do you think about my cock inside you?” Dean whispers gutturally, twisting so that he can capture Cas’ mouth again before he answers.
Ben’s face lights up at the contact. As if sensing that the mood has shifted, Juliet leans forward to quickly drag her tongue up Ben’s cheek, giving a small wiggle of her backend. There is a moment of dread when Castiel thinks that Ben will panic, but the boy giggles and leans in to allow another long gooey lick.
Christmas morning, they would curl up on the couch next to their tree, sip eggnog with too much rum, and open their gifts to each other while classic rock renditions of Christmas carols played on the stereo. The gifts were always wildly inappropriate and usually sexual. The best Christmases were the ones when the gifts were tested before heading out to meet the family for lunch.
“I’m here,” Dean says, leaning in to give Cas a quick peck on the lips. He resists the urge to look around and see if anyone saw. “Just thinking. Let’s go in. Sam is already in our seats.”
Just after seven o’clock, Dean calls to say that Paige’s parents are still an hour outside of Lawrence. Ricky has been in surgery for two hours, but there’s no word on the prognosis. “You’re gonna have to get him his bath and put him to bed.”
It doesn’t take long for Balthazar to slide up next to a group of women who are more than a decade from being jailbait. He leans over and says something to the closest one, a tall blond who laughs at whatever pick-up line he used. Within minutes, she has one arm tucked around his neck as they sway together to the music. If it wasn’t for the fact that Balthazar never settles for very long, Castiel would envy his easy way with women. He wants more than a string of one-night stands and passionate flings.
“I didn’t know you played the guitar,” Cas says. He runs his fingers across the body of the instrument, and Jo grins in triumph.
Dean studies him for a minute. “I can’t wait for you to decide to come home. If you make this choice, I can’t promise I’m gonna be here.”
“You scare me, Dean. Not because I think you want to control me, but because I need you and needing you means you can hurt me. I almost let it kill me last time. I couldn’t deal with the thought of what it would do to me if you chose Ash, so I convinced myself that it was better if we just ended things now, on my terms.”
“Yeah, I did.” He says it softly as if standing up for him and Ben is a given. Though he and Garth have been friends for most of his life, Dean is still humbled to realize that it is. “Anyway,” he continues, offering a change of subject. “You’ve got a party to get to. I’m not done until six, but me and Betsy will be there before you cut the cake.”
Dean sighs. Ellen has been less than thrilled with Ash ever since he accepted the job in San Francisco. It’s been seven damn years, but every time he comes back she gives him grief about moving back home and Dean ends up playing referee between them. It’s no wonder he only visits a couple of times a year.
“Leaving the best for last,” Ash announces, pulling two large boxes out from behind the couch. “Get over here, Big Ben.”
“Gabriel, behave yourself,” Cas reprimands sharply. His face is a bright crimson, suggesting that Gabe has made one of his usual inappropriate sexual references. Kali just rolls her eyes affectionately, but Sam and Jess both laugh. Dean is pretty sure he doesn’t want to know what Gabe said.
, and the incense weave through him, Castiel lays perfectly still. The slight rise and fall of his chest the only sign of life. He knows from experience it would be too easy to fall asleep right where he lay. Instead, he rolls over and pushes himself to his feet, allowing his body to bend at the waist, clasping his hands behind his ankles and pressing his face to his shins for a few beats before rolling back to a standing position.
The front room, what was once the parlor, is decorated in cream and dark wood that still feels more like a home than a doctor’s office. There is a dark mahogany desk in the corner. A striking woman sits behind the desk, her dark hair pulled back into a loose ponytail. She looks up from the computer, rising with a smile. If this is what shrinks look like, Dean figures getting your head poked at might not be all bad
Sitting at the table to eat is so much nicer than perching on the couch with their plates in their laps as they watch TV. True to his word, Dean waits on Cas throughout the meal. He makes sure Cas’ glass is never empty, clears his salad bowl and replaces it with a dish of steaming meatballs and pasta. After the main course, he serves Cas’ favorite pistachio ice cream for dessert. Rather than talking about work, they discuss what movie they plan to see tomorrow and whether they should join Charlie for Comic Con next month. It’s the most relaxing meal Cas has had in weeks.
Dean shakes his head slowly, hands sliding in so that his arms are pressed against Cas’ hips. “You are strong, baby. You are so strong, but you don’t have to do it on your own. We’re in this together, Cas. Please, let me help you. I can’t,” Dean’s voice breaks, one tear sliding down his cheek. He takes a shaky breath before continuing. “I can’t stand not being here for you. Please, Cas. Let me in.”
When Dean moves down his body, Cas closes his eyes. Firm pressure starts at his feet, then moves up, kneading his shins, then around his knees and up his thighs. Dean’s fingers dig in, finding every knot and massaging them until they release, leaving Cas quivering. He moves higher, fingers skirting the juncture of his hip and his knuckles graze Cas’ balls. He works up Cas’ hip, moving away from his groin, and Cas opens one eye. Dean’s gaze darts to where Cas’ cock lays soft against his thigh, then away again, as if looking is a crime. Sudden brazenness overtakes Cas, and he reaches for Dean’s hand. Dean startles when Cas grasps his wrist, eyes widening and breath speeding up when Cas holds his eyes while moving his hand to press firmly over his cock.
Dean’s eyes are sad now, sympathetic. “That sucks, man. Yeah, it doesn’t make up for the shit we went through as kids, but gettin’ to have this time with my dad is good. Good for Ben, too.”
Cas shudders; a fine tremor that passes through his entire body. “I knew him,” he admits with a soft laugh, “or at least I thought I did. Malachi was, is, an ex. We lived together for over a year. It was, to put it mildly, not a good breakup.”
Cas bites the inside of his cheek to stave off the sound of distress that bubbles up. Missing Dean isn’t even a question. He misses Dean like he would miss losing a part of himself. Maybe having Dean is worth the risk of pain in the future, as long as he doesn’t have to feel like this now, but he’s just so confused.
Castiel turns to face Ash, but his retort dies in his throat at the way Ash’s eyes rake down his body before coming back up to meet his gaze.  “I take it back. You are more as they described you than I first realized,” he mutters, returning Ash’s eye contact without flinching. He isn’t sure if the scrutiny is supposed to be a compliment or if Ash is trying to cause trouble.
Ash glances over and shakes his head in confusion, before finally processing Dean’s outburst. He raises one hand to ghost fingertips over the bruise. “Guy thought I was hittin’ on him. Guess he wasn’t interested,” he slurs.
Kali, on the other hand, exudes confidence. Growing up as the only daughter of a wealthy businessman in Nagpur, India, she came to America in her early twenties to model. Capitalizing on her beauty and poise, it took her less than ten years to transform her success into a popular music label, allowing her to follow her true passion. She and Gabriel met six years ago when one of her artists was named in a copyright suit. Although Gabriel lost the suit, he won Kali. Castiel thinks he came out ahead.
By the way, in case anyone has questions they'd rather not ask in the comments, you can find me on Tumblr and Gmail as JhanaMay and Twitter as SPNJhanaMay.  Feel free to drop me a line. :)
“I was thinking about maybe coming along if you go. Jess won’t be home until late so I figured it would be a good refresher before Saturday.”
Ben exaggerates his grumpy expression even more. “I’ll go watch for Cas,” he announces just before running from the room.
Ben nods with a small smile. “I told her that we miss her but that she shouldn’t worry because we got lots of people taking care of us. I hope daddy tells her that too. I don’t know if she believed me.”
Pam nods and says gently, “Ben meets the criteria for a developmental delay known as Asperger’s Disorder. It is a very high functioning form of Autism that comes with its own range of difficulties, one of which is the extreme rigidity that you see in Ben. Another is the extremely limited, intense interest in one topic. For Ben, this would be his obsession with space and numbers. People who are described as having Asperger’s also have difficulty reading social cues, often show poor judgment in social situations, and may also have sensory processing issues.”
Cas unbuckles his seat belt and Dean looks at him questioningly until he slides to the middle of the bench seat and buckles the lap belt there. Warmth, low and inviting, courses through him when Cas slides his hand up to rest on Dean’s thigh. “You still haven’t answered my question.”
Castiel’s phone buzzes for the second time and he glances at the screen before shoving it in his pocket. The printer is still shooting out the last of the pages he needs for the meeting and he doesn’t have time for this.
Dean hates airports. It's not just the flying though the one time he did was more than enough for him. It's the crush of people, never knowing where he's supposed to be, and the endless waiting. Waiting for someone to leave, waiting for someone to come back.  First, it was Ash when he went away to school, and then Sammy when he went to Stanford, and now it’s back to waiting for Ash again.  Other people go and Dean is always here, just waiting.
Zar steps between them, hands raised. “I think that’s quite enough, Castiel. She’s worried about you. We both are.”
Cas’ smile seems sad now. “There’s a lot we don’t know about each other. I was very involved in the club scene when I was an undergraduate.”
Castiel thinks of his own father and how he has no memories of doing anything with the man. It’s like there is a gaping hole in his childhood where his father should be. “It must be nice to have that bond with him.”
Meg slaps him on the back with a cackle. “Forty-five minutes ago you didn’t even know what you were going to serve him to eat, so I’m pretty sure you’ve been planning all week on him just eating you.”
“Come to the office, straight ahead on the left,” says the voice, and then the door clicks loudly, disengaging the magnetic locks.
“He’s dragging me kicking and screaming and I’m scared to death of it, of him.” She turns to look at Zar again, and there’s more emotion in her eyes than Cas has ever seen directed at someone who wasn’t him or her family.
“Is fine,” Cas says, narrowing his eyes. The dangerous look in his eyes gives Dean a moment of pause. He rasises one hand to press the palm against Dean’s chest, holding him back from stepping forward any farther. “You need to get control of yourself. What are you going to do? Hit me? Hit Jess? Ben? It was an accident and there is no damage.”
He continues to stare at it until the screen goes dark, paintbrush gripped painfully tight in his fist. What should he do? He knows what Meg would say. She would tell him to ignore Dean’s messages, or to tell him that they should only talk about Ben, but that’s not really what he wants. He misses Dean too. He’s not sure what that means, but he knows he can’t pretend it isn’t true. He lays the brush aside and picks up his phone.
Ben watches them for a minute, completely ignoring the television now. His mouth screws up the way it does when he’s thinking and his fingers are tapping repeatedly together in his lap. Finally, he says gravely, “But not like you and Ash?”
“Yeah, right, you won’t go to sleep and Bobby’ll end up squishing you. Off to bed, and you can watch football tomorrow, bug,” Dean responds. Ben giggles and gives Bobby another squeeze. Dean scoops his son up and carries him up the stairs to Jo’s old bedroom, but not before Ellen steals one last hug.
He stops beside the women, watching with a smile as Juliet runs from child to child, barking but never jumping or getting too rough. He has spent so long anxious about every interaction Ben has with other kids that it’s nice to sit back and trust the circle of friends he has connected with.
Dean’s eyes narrow at that. “That’s what he does? He teaches kids with Autism?” he asks sharply. At her nod, he forces out a breath. “He knew? They all knew. All these weeks, everyone at the school knew what was going on and they never said anything. That’s why they didn’t tell me what his special classroom was.”
Dean jerks his head around to stare at Bobby. It’s not that Bobby never swears, but the f-word is reserved for when he’s well and truly pissed. He doesn’t look angry, but the way his eyebrows pull together suggests that he is less than pleased. Even hearing only Dean’s side of the conversation was more than enough for Bobby to figure out what was going on.
Dean rolls his hips forward, thrusting harder into Cas’ hand. “Tell me, baby, tell you what you want.”
“Some guy in Cali wants me to restore his car?” he says tentatively as if he can’t believe the words.
Dean looks hesitant like he’s going to refuse, then chuckles. “Okay, you can quit with the puppy dog eyes. Uncle Sammy sure taught you that one, didn’t he? You can go to the trees and back. But you gotta listen to what Cas, uh, Mr. Novak tells you to do.”
“They’re songs you know?” Castiel is practically vibrating with excitement, and his leg bumps Dean’s again.
Dean sniffs lightly and blinks away the wetness. “Not everyone does, you know. Ben is just this annoying thing they have to put up with.”
“How’s your man doin’?” the older woman asks, eyes softening with concern as she hands Dean Ben’s book bag.
“You could stay.” The thought of wrapping himself in Dean tonight is very appealing. Not necessarily anything sexual; just being held and knowing that Dean wants to be with him,
Castiel can see the edge of what’s inside the box and it looks like a guitar. Dean once told him that he plays for Ben at night, but he isn’t sure what it is about this guitar that is causing Dean’s reaction.
Dean has to admit; he gets just as excited as Ben. They watch a movie about the secret lives of stars, practice blasting off in a flight simulator, and participate in experiments during a live action science show. The drive, the cost, and any aggravation he’s felt are worth it for the look on Ben’s face. With half of the museum’s exhibits out of the way, they take some time to walk through the German space gallery on their way to the food court.
Dean adds a dash of balsamic vinegar to the pan of green beans on the stove and smothers another chuckle. “Oh man, you have to get me a picture of that. I’m not above blackmail.”
“Why would I think that?” Cas asks, lifting his hand to run lazily up and down Dean’s thigh. “I enjoy spending time with Ben. I don’t just tolerate him to be able to see you. I love you both, Dean.”
A genuine grin creeps up, replacing the smirk. “Oh, I’m sure I’m exactly how they described me. I could promise to behave, but I won’t ‘cause everyone would know it’s a lie,” he says with a wink, then adds conversationally, “Dean tells me you got an old Camaro he’s gonna fix up,”
Dean thinks back to the day they went shopping and realizes that Cas is right. He was wearing different socks. “Crap, yeah, he had on the long socks 'cause he was wearin' his hikers that day. I didn’t even think.”
“Just keep her away from the pool,” John says, softening. While John had hardened by the time Sam was that age, Dean remembers the way John played with him. John found it easier to interact with his sons when they couldn’t talk back.
It’s a practiced speech, one that he has carefully cultivated during the eleven days since Christmas. Truthfully, he does feel foolish for imagining that someone like Dean could ever be interested in someone like him. Given the way Dean acted with his ex-boyfriend, if Ash is, in fact, an ex, Dean never intended the invitation to Christmas to be anything other than friendly. Dean may be flirtatious, but it is Castiel’s own fault for reading into it.
Dean flushes and looks away quickly. When he turns back, his cheeks are still infused with heat. “That was pretty badass,” he mutters, not meeting Castiel’s eyes.
Cas tenses, shifting like he’ll pull away again, but he doesn’t. He relaxes back against Dean with a long, slow exhalation. “We can talk later,” he says, tucking himself closer into Dean’s chest.
They drive past the University of Kansas and the Alvamar Country Club, but it isn’t until they leave the city limits that Castiel speaks up again. “I hope we’re not going too far, Dean, because my part of the day is in Lawrence.”
The nurses—Jenny and Megan—try to make small talk with Ben while they’re setting up, but Ben is silent. He watches them with big eyes, and his hand tightens around Dean’s every few seconds.
“How are you doing?” Ellen murmurs, abandoning the pot to hug Dean in greeting. Her arms are warm and the familiar smell of her shampoo comforts him in a way that almost nothing else can. When she steps back, he finds himself wanting to hold on just a little bit longer.
Miraculously, he finishes the SUV and the cars that come after it with no other mishaps. He’s still edgy, and the work takes longer than usual. When they close down the shop for the day, Dean pretends he doesn’t notice Bobby watching him walk to the car. He’s got somewhere to be.
Castiel considers his answer carefully. “Honestly, I didn’t, but I was willing to deal with the consequences if he called my bluff and Ben has learned that about me. Compromising has a time and a place, but in a situation like that, compromise is just another name for giving in. It may end the tantrum at the time, but will ultimately lead to him learning that the behavior works to get what he wants.”
Ben is still crying, his face red and blotchy. “They don’t smell right! I had to find ones that smell right but they were all at the bottom and I couldn’t get to them. I tried to fold them back up right, but I can’t do it good as you do and they wouldn’t go!” he sniffles, breath hitching every few words.
Cas pulls back and Dean can almost see the shade being drawn behind his eyes. “I got that after Michael and I broke up. It’s an Enochian protection spell, purported to be the language of the angels.” His normally intense blue eyes are flat, guarded. He stretches then, an awkward, stilted movement that lacks his usual grace, making it an obvious attempt to draw attention away from the tattoo. “I’m getting hungry,” he says suddenly, turning to put his feet on the floor. “We should get cleaned up and get something to eat before you have to pick up Ben.”
Castiel shrugs and gives him a smile. “It sounds fine to me,” he shouts back. “It’s punk, tinny fits.”
“Cut her some slack,” John says, sitting beside him, and Dean’s jaw drops. “She’s mother-henning you ‘cause the accident freaked her out.”
Dean pulls in a deep shaky breath through his nose and Castiel gives one more squeeze before releasing him. As he steps forward, Castiel can see a single trail of moisture where a tear has escaped. He raises one hand and ruthlessly scrubs it away. Ben slips his hand into Castiel’s and they watch as Dean crouches in front of the stone and traces the letters of Lisa’s name. There are no sounds and Castiel can’t tell if he’s speaking out loud or not.
He’s so focused on them that he almost jumps out of his skin when Jess grabs him from behind. “Guess she’s off to her forever home?” she asks with a crocked smile.
“I have to sing to him,” Dean says shyly, coming out of the doorway beside Ben’s room holding the guitar he got at Christmas. A slight blush is staining his cheeks.
Castiel struggles for a moment to think of something else to say before he blurts, “Would you like to come in?” At Will’s raised eyebrow, his face floods with heat. “For coffee,” he clarifies quickly.
“That must be horrible for everyone.” The extra work means Cas hasn’t heard Balthazar’s tales about his escapades with the women at the gentleman’s club down the street in over a week. There are always silver linings.
She nods. "And he likes you as well, or we would be eating Chinese takeout tomorrow instead of a home cooked meal."
The words skate across Cas’ senses, dick throbbing almost painfully, so he doesn’t remind Dean that he told him to be quiet. He picks up one of the toys, the jagged metal pinwheel, and spins the head with his fingers. He hovers over Dean’s inner thigh. “This may feel weird,” he says, voice coming out as a hoarse rasp. “If it hurts or you don’t like it, tell me.”
Castiel’s hand dips into Dean’s pocket and pulls out his phone. Even with the jagged pain in his head, the touch sends a thrill through Dean. Castiel futzes with it, and his own phone beeps before he slides the phone back into Dean’s pants. “There, you have my number. Let me know you made it home okay.”
Just as the air in his lungs runs out, his vision going fuzzy and black at the edges, Castiel pulls back. Dean hauls in a gasping breath, closes his mouth, and gives the head a strong suck. “Holy fuck, Dean. You have no idea how good this feels.”
It’s not like Dean doesn’t know John is in the wrong. He worked with other coaches at the University of Kansas and during his training for Rio. Most coaches don’t drive their athletes like John does. But Dean also knows why John does it. Dean was only four when that fateful accident changed their lives forever, but even he could tell John was different afterward. They buried a part of him with Mary, and Sam and Dean were left with the shell. Fulfilling Mary’s dream to win gold at the Olympics is the only way Dean can give back a little of what was taken.
“Give me a moment,” she snaps, then hangs up. Dean lowers the phone to his lap and stares at it until it goes dark.
How much later, Castiel couldn’t say, but there’s another stretch and burn when Dean adds a second finger. He starts to thrust deeper, scissoring them just slightly to add to the stretch, and Castiel can’t stop himself from rocking down again. “More, Dean. Another, you can add another,” he pants.
When the song is over, they all clap enthusiastically along with several of the other patrons. Dean gives a little bow before he places the guitar against the wall and jumps off the stage to join them at the bar. “I haven’t heard that song in years,” Sam exclaims, clapping his brother on the back.
“I’m okay, Dean,” she murmurs. “He freaked out about not getting one of the gifts he wanted and he hit me when I tried to get him out from under the tree.”
Dean just laughs and clasps a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “You haven’t met my family yet, buddy. Trust me, he’d have to be pretty damn out there to not fit in with us.”
The awkwardness doesn’t last long, at least, because Ben’s chatter picks up immediately. He grabs the brochure out of Dean’s pocket where he stashed it while they were dealing with the wristbands and excitedly points out exhibits. “Look, daddy, look. I want to see Sputnik and the Gemini 10. Ash brought me a book about the Gemini project, remember? I bet Ash would like to see this. They have a nuclear warhead, Mr. Novak! I bet it isn’t real, though. They couldn’t have a real missile here, right?”
“Eighty-seven thousand, but I only put on the last twenty-five thousand or so. I don’t drive it much, but it has,” he pauses, searching for the right word, “sentimental value.”
Despite the hospital’s prohibition against cell phones, Dean digs his out and sends a quick text to Cas. It’s been an hour since Dean picked Ben up from school, and Cas will be heading home soon.
Dean flushes harder, but hold’s Cas’ gaze. “Maybe,” he admits. “I’ve never used a lot of that stuff, but, ah, yeah. The thought of using them with you definitely turns me on.” He glances down at his cock, hard and straining straight up toward his stomach, then adds with a smirk, “In case you couldn’t tell.”
The conversation shifts to stupid family news and Sam’s classes for a while before they say goodbye. Dean is less anxious by the time they hang up.
“Awesome,” Kaylee gushes. “That would be cool. Hopefully, we’ll see you there.” Her fingers brush his as she hands him the receipt.
“We put up the lights all by ourselves this year,” Ben says in agreement. “I’m a big boy now, so I could help and we didn’t even need Uncle Sam ‘cause daddy has a ladder.” Dean reaches into the back seat to give his son a high-five.
Cas just continues to stare until Dean clears his throat uncomfortably. “Yes, well, would you like a drink?”
“He says he’s got stuff to say that’s just for her,” Dean says, eyes red with unshed tears. “This is so fucking unfair.” His voice is gruff, raspier than usual.
Minute after minute slinks by, until finally Castiel hears the crunch of tires on the snow in the driveway, and then it seems that the time has flown by too quickly. He stands, carries his mug into the kitchen, and is waiting at the door when Will knocks. His hand freezes on the doorknob for a moment, until he forces himself to turn it.
Gabriel had ranted and threatened a number of very creative revenge scenarios when Castiel called to tell him. Despite Castiel’s assurances that he was fine, Gabriel insisted on flying out to Kansas. By the time Gabriel was able to clear his schedule, though, there hadn’t been much he could do but hold Castiel when he broke down. That happened much more frequently than Castiel wanted in those first few weeks and he saw a protective, supportive side to his brother that he’d never known existed.
Dean remembers the business card laying on the nightstand. “I ran into my senior advisor at the college the other day and she offered me a job as her personal assistant on a big anthropology project.”
The wheel jerks so hard Dean almost runs off the road. Once he straightens the big car again, he gasps, “What? What are you talking about? I’m not having sex with Donnie! I told you, it’s over.”
Dean grits his teeth. “But they’re your family, and you’re on your way to being our family, so that makes them family too.”
Dean watches as he picks up a three-quarter full bottle of Johnnie Walker from the table and tips it back to drink straight from the bottle, muscles shifting in his shoulders. His heart threatens to beat out of his chest. Cas doesn’t drink, hasn’t drunk since, fuck, since whatever the hell happened between him and Michael. The gravity of the situation hits Dean with the force of a Mack truck.
John grunts and hits play on the television. He watches for a few moments before turning back to where Castiel is still standing beside the couch. “You gonna sit down? I don’t bite,” he says with a laugh.
Castiel dips his brush in the base color and starts building the painting, shading and highlighting as Dean comes to life on the canvas. He supposes that he should be afraid of the thought of falling in love with Dean, but he’s really not. He can’t control that feeling any more than he’s ever been able to control any other emotion in his life. Castiel has long since given up any hope of talking himself out of something once he feels it.
“I want that, too,” Dean repeats, pouring every ounce of emotion he feels into his eyes as they bore into Cas’. “It’s everything I want. You’re everything I want, but,” he sighs and stops to gently kiss away Cas’ panic before continuing, “we need to talk about this.” He takes another step away but lets his fingertips glide down Cas’ arm to take his hand and pull him forward.
Dean looks down at the evidence of Cas’ previously unbeknownst kinky side and wonders how he read Cas so wrong. Sure, he’d be lying if he said he didn’t have a couple of toys hidden in his closet under lock and key since Ben came to live with him, but certainly nothing that rivals this amount or variety. Cas seems so reserved, so vanilla, that just the thought of Cas using any of the things in the drawer has Dean hard and leaking in seconds.
“Hey, go get your own, asshole,” she gripes, turning back to slap him on the arm. “I’m not at work today.”
Ben buries his face in Dean’s neck, breathing deep a few times before he answers with a mumbled, “I got mad and went under the desk. Mr. Novak says that’s not good, but he let me look through his telescope.”
Thankfully, it doesn’t take long before she reappears in day-glow purple skinny jeans—Dean isn’t sure why she bothered—and they take her car across town. He answers her probing questions about Castiel in as few words as possible, and he cringes at the glint in her eye when he admits they had dinner together.
Gabe shrugs. “Be that as it may, Zachariah is a grade-A douchenozzle and his kid is a chip off the ol’ feminine hygiene product. Now that mom isn’t around to keep him in line, don’t be surprised if he goes after Cas. They haven’t been in the same room together since the old man’s funeral and even that got a little ugly. Cas wasn’t doin’ so hot back then and Zachariah made sure to twist him up.”
Dean is blown away by what Cas has captured there. It’s rough, clearly not a finished work, but he can see himself in the lines and shadows. He’s on his back, legs tangled in the covers that barely cover his groin. It’s intimate, more so even than if he was shown completely naked. His bare chest is a stunning study in shadows and highlights, but it’s the rendition of his face that captures Dean’s attention. Even in sleep, he looks happy, relaxed and content. A small smile curves his lips and one hand is flung across the bed as if he’s reaching for someone that is just out of frame.
“Growin’ up the way we did, movin’ around so much, pretty much all I had to keep me sane was the guitar and Sammy,” Dean says, leading Castiel back down the hallway. “Sure wish now that I’d taken up a smaller instrument. Lugging that thing everywhere just so Ben can get to sleep is a pain in the ass.”
. With a chuckle, he sets the brush aside. He knew he shouldn’t have left his phone with Dean while he took Juliet outside.
On stage, Castiel shakes his head, flicking sweat-drenched hair out of his eyes. Dean finds that hard to believe. “We’re just friends.”
Dean has extended his arm to show what he was holding behind his black wool peacoat; a dried bouquet of pale purple flowers mixed with baby’s breath. Castiel’s eyes dart to his face. “You brought me flowers?” he mutters breathlessly.
“Ash was the paper airplane champ back in the day,” Dean calls with a chuckle. “Landed one right in Mrs. Chismar’s bouffant.”
But it’s also not as hard as he was expecting. So he’s a spectator now. Sam was right; it isn’t the end of the world. What he’s gained has more than made up for what he lost.
He glances up at Cas, who is chewing his bottom lip in apprehension. “It’s amazing, man. Is that really how you see me?” Dean asks, the tight feeling of embarrassment at his vulnerability in the picture blooming in his chest again.
“It was perfect, Dean. Exactly what I wanted, and I would love to do that with you again. Maybe even other things.”
“Say what?” she says, saccharine in her voice and her eyes pinned to the road. “Say your dad is an asshole and you shouldn’t let him talk to you that way? Say a hundred amazing coaches on the circuit would chew their arms off to train you, so you’re not stuck putting up with his crap? Say one day he’ll push you too far, and it’ll be his fault you’re hurt, but he’ll still bitch at you? Why would I say that?”
Ash reaches up and sweeps Ben off Dean’s shoulders, settling the child on his own shoulders instead. “It’s all good, man. I’m glad he’s here. I brought him something,” he says, starting toward baggage claim.
After shaking hands with Aaron again, Dean follows Cas out to the CR-V to retrieve Ben’s booster seat. As Dean is unbuckling it, Ben crawls in the other side of the car. “Daddy, can I ride home with Cas?”
Bobby grouses and groans a little then rests his hand on Ben’s head affectionately. “Okay, kid. Get set up in that booth and I’ll be there in a minute.”
“You said no hospital, Dad. I don’t want to go to the hospital,” he says, his pitch rising in intensity.
Carl is standing behind Cas, so he can’t see the salesman roll his eyes. “I’m sure you could get used to it,” he starts, but Dean cuts him off.
“Because you’re not paying attention,” she snaps, closing her hand around his thin bicep and shaking him. “I’m not shelling out four hundred dollars for you to goof off. If you’re not taking this seriously, you can quit.”
Jess leans in and presses a kiss to his cheek. “I know, Dean. I’m not the one you need to apologize to.”  She quirks one eyebrow as she nods past him.
Dean considers the question for a moment. "Scared? Or not scared, but nervous? Excited. Butterflies, I guess. That's before I start playing. And then I get lost in it, and I can't remember how long I was playing."
“I’m sorry lunch isn’t more impressive,” he murmurs, watching Cas take a bite of his simple turkey and cheese sandwich.
Dean sighs. “Okay, yeah. Fine.”  He’s still not okay with it. He’s still nervous as hell. “And you text me during the day and let me know what’s goin’ on.”
Arriving at Dean and Ben’s house quickly distracts him. Castiel picks up the globe from the back seat while Dean pulls Ben out of his booster and into his arms. Ben grumbles sleepily and burrows his face against Dean’s neck, making Castiel’s heart warm at the sight.
The need to use the bathroom is the only reason he climbs out of bed now. As soon as he stands up, the soft lounge pants he wears slip down to rest against his hip bones. He frowns and tugs at them. He could have sworn they fit just fine a few days ago. Although the sick feeling in his stomach hasn’t gone away, maybe he should try to force down a few pieces of toast and some tea.
Trying to ignore the cold dread in his chest, he lets himself back in his front door. He makes a pot of coffee and gets ready for work. His mind is still going over everything—analyzing every word and reviewing every moment of the picnic—when he stumbles into Singer Auto.
She grins and they sit in silence for a few moments before she says, “So what happened today? Before you got here?”
Dean chuckles and gathers everything up for the trek back to the car. “I am awesome, but no, this is pretty much all I could come up with.” Cas takes his hand as they walk, and Dean will pretty much never get tired of that.
Dean isn’t even aware that he muttered the last part out loud until he feels the sting of Jess’ palm on the back of his head again. “You’re gonna give me brain damage,” he exclaims, shifting as far out of her reach as the booth will allow.
Deanna gives him a small smile. “Oh yes, for years. Mary started taking lessons when she was little.” She holds up the case. “I thought you might want to see this.”
“Fuck,” he curses vehemently. “Nothing happened, Meg. I swear. He showed up drunk last night and we had it out. He’s staying in California. I would never—”
Ben looks from her to Dean and takes a step back. Dean takes a fortifying breath and pulls him forward. “It’s okay. Have a seat and we’ll see the doctor and go home.”
Sitting at the table, listening to Ben and Ash chat while they eat, Dean is struck by how domestic the whole scene is. To someone looking in from outside, they would look like a real family. Dean takes another serving of dumplings and uses it to push down the dull ache in his chest.
“No,” Dean barks immediately. If anything, things with Cas have been amazingly good. He and Ben are even planning to stay over at Cas’ house tonight so that they can drive into Topeka first thing in the morning to visit the kid’s museum there. Life with Cas is incredible. “We’re good. Real good, in fact.”
Once they’re in the house, Dean deposits Ben on the couch. “Feel free to turn the TV on. This will only take a second,” he says, disappearing into the kitchen.
Dean frowns and pulls away enough to level a glare at the stranger. “Who is this asshole, Cas? Was he bothering you?”
Dean takes another step and sits on the stool next to the bench. “Think it had more to do with me takin’ it out on your ass.”
Castiel starts to argue that he and Dean haven’t slept together yet when Gabriel’s words register. “Why would a record producer in California want to have a restoration done in Kansas?” Up until now, Dean hasn’t appeared to be paying attention to Castiel’s conversation, but his eyes suddenly snap up to Castiel’s. He raises one eyebrow in question and Castiel waves him off.
Ben climbs up on Ash’s lap where he sits in the old recliner. He puts one hand on Ash’s cheek and presses the side of his face to the other cheek for a moment. Dean turns away to swallow the lump in his throat, then herds his son down the hallway to his room, leaving Ash in the living room.
Continuing the dual exploration of Cas’ skin, Dean trails his lips back to tug on Cas’ earlobe while running his hands down Cas’ sides. The way Cas’ muscles bunch under Dean’s fingertips when he shifts into Dean’s touch is electrifying. Dean focuses on sucking a small mark into the hollow behind Cas’ ear and doesn’t notice how far his hands have roamed until Cas’ whole body tenses. He jerks away from Cas’ waistband, praying he can pretend nothing happened for a few more moments, but the change in Cas’ breathing tells him it’s too late.
“Later, Sammy.” Dean ends the call and shoves the phone in his pocket. He pushes the cart around the corner, following Charlie through the aisles. While Dean loves to eat—making it easy to get the huge number of calories they need during heavy training—it’s Charlie who keeps their diet from becoming monotonous. Her Pinterest board is full of recipes, and Dean just needs to approve them. After loading up on fresh fruit and veggies, Dean sneaks in a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread along with Charlie’s oat and flaxseed. Another flat of eggs, and they head to the checkout.
“Dean, that doesn’t make any sense. I’m not going anywhere.” Castiel’s hands tighten on Dean’s arms, and he tries to pull Dean in, but Dean fights his way free.
“Because I’m a selfish bastard, Dean,” Ash responds honestly, voice almost a whisper. “I didn’t ask because I knew what you’d say and there was no way I was staying.”
“More than I have ever loved Ash,” Dean answers without hesitation. “Please, Cas. I would never do that to you. I’m not a cheater.”
Cas pushes the tape until it clicks into place. The whirl of the gears and tape hiss fill the car before the opening guitar of Blind Faith’s
Dean looks down at his hands and sighs. “Go ahead, bug, as long as you can see through the window that it's Cas.”
Ben nods. “But Ash moved to California and you were sad, but then you met mommy and you got happy again ‘cause then you had me. I know, daddy, Grandma Ellen told me.”
Dean throws on his clothes and forces himself to walk confidently down the spiraling staircase to the foyer even though he wants to slink down the back stairs. He isn’t doing anything wrong. Either way, it doesn’t matter because no one stops him. The door to John’s office is shut and Charlie is at her weekly game night.
Donnie scoffs. “More than I do.” He stares over Dean’s left shoulder for a moment, then shakes his head. “Listen, man. You care about him and, no matter how weird his way of showing it, he cares about you. He wants you to be happy; that much was obvious. No sex would be a deal breaker for me, but you gotta put that shit on the table with him and hash it out.”
There’s a moment of hesitation, but then Ben turns to accept the water glass. He takes a small sip and Cas lets out a relieved sigh as he meets Dean’s eyes. Crisis averted.
Dean flushes but looks right at her. “Not gonna lie, yeah, he’s hot, but it’s more than that. Like, I just wanna talk to him, you know? Hear what he thinks about stuff. Not just about Ben, but about everything.”
Castiel sighs. “Dean has, well, he’s expressed his intention to pursue a romantic relationship with me.”
Charlie puts one hand on his chest and runs it down to cup his ass, and Dean squeaks. From anyone else, it would be a come-on, but from Charlie it’s just uncomfortable—like being felt-up by his sister. “You’re telling me you’re just wearing these pants to play the piano?”
“He’s got no idea how much this guitar has meant to me over the years.” His voice is rough. “It got me through lots of rough times, all the movin’, gettin’ used to livin’ in one place when Dad finally drug us back to Lawrence, the months after—”
Cas appreciates that the girls have been trained enough to know that some of the children may have a hard time sitting still for an extended period of time. He notices that the booth is stocked with plenty of wet wipes too, to quickly remove the paint if any of the children have a sensory reaction to it.
More yellow, Castiel thinks, glancing down at the reference photo tacked on his easel. When Gabriel and Kali saw the painting he’d done of his backyard, they immediately asked if he would do one of their summer house in New Hampshire. As supportive as they’ve been, he couldn’t refuse.
Despite the way loss has shaped his own life, between Mary and Lisa, other people’s grief is kind of unfamiliar territory for Dean. Ash, pale and shaking on the ground of the junkyard, comes to mind. Dean closes his eyes against the memory, but it seems to make the image even clearer.
The word hangs in the air between them. Dean is struck again by how royally he has fucked everything up. The chances of Cas ever becoming comfortable with him again, no matter how hard he tries, seem astronomical. He really is good at breaking things.
“Why not?” Castiel dips a fry into the dish of syrup on the edge of his plate and shoves it in his mouth.
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me,” Dean says, his voice sharp. There’s a lot he doesn’t know about Donnie either. From their first hook up at the bar Donnie owned to their last just before Christmas, their relationship hasn’t revolved around sharing life stories. Although Donnie came to the Memorial Day picnic the last two years, their hanging out involved either drinking or getting naked with little else. They were about as different from Dean and Cas as you could get.
He pulls his hand up, twisting his wrist and pressing his thumb against the underside just below the head, and Dean’s whole body locks up. Dean groans into the juncture of Cas’ neck, his body shuddering as his cock pulses. He comes, warm and wet over Cas’ hand, his release covering both of their abdomens and dripping down to coat Cas’ cock. Cas continues to stroke him through his orgasm, coaxing spurt after spurt out of him, reveling in the thick heat of it on his skin. After a few moments, Dean whimpers and reaches up to bat Cas’ hand away. His cock, still half hard, falls down to rest alongside Cas’.
Missouri, astute as always, shakes her head with a soft tsking sound. “Ain’t good to spend too much time alone when he’s grievin’. The mind’s got a way of playin’ games.”
The music grows, a rising crescendo matching the soaring flames inside him. Castiel kisses him, alternating between licking into his mouth to suck on Dean’s tongue and biting across his jaw to suck on his neck. Dean tries to follow, mouthing at Castiel’s cheek before catching his earlobe and tugging on it.
While Ben usually takes off as soon as Dean lets him out of the car, Dean grabs his hand this time, forcing them to walk together into the bar. Using his kid as a human shield is a pretty shitty thing to do, but at least he knows Ash won’t start anything in front of Ben so Dean has a chance to get his bearings.
With no plans for the evening, Dean is surprised that Ben doesn’t want to watch a movie. When he retreats to his room for the rest of the night, Dean tries not to worry that his morose mood is rubbing off on his son.
Dean reaches out and touches the band gently. Dropping his voice slightly, he whispers flirtatiously, “So what’s the habit you snapped for just now?”
The man turns his back on Dean and helps Jody get Ben ready to leave. Dean steps back again to let Jody and Ben out of the room. Ben’s face lights up as soon as he sees Dean and Dean will never, ever get tired of that. The blue eyed man is forgotten that quickly. He drops down to scoop Ben up in his arms, though he’s been telling Ben for months he’s getting too big to carry around. “Hey there, trouble. You have a good day?” He’s determined to be as positive about this as he can.
Charlie scrubs the back of her hand across her cheeks, but it does nothing for her bloodshot eyes. “There was an accident at the pool. A kid was running and fell in. John jumped in, but you hit your head. You almost drowned.”
It’s been seven years since he’s heard those words from Ash, words he never thought he’d hear again. They rip through him like a jagged knife, carving him open to allow all the pain that he’s buried to seep out. “I can’t. I can’t fucking do this. It’s, fuck, Ash, why are you doing this to me?” Dean pleads, his voice breaking as he bites back a sob. He will not cry over this. It’s not fucking worth it.
Ash laughs as Ben continues to list facts about the program, but Dean places on hand on Ben’s leg. “Ok, buddy, ok. Bring it down a notch. We get it, you’re excited.” Thankfully, Ben lowers his volume a little, though he continues to mutter breathlessly to Ash while Dean collects the luggage.
His heart rate speeds up and he tenses slightly, but Dean runs his hands down Cas’ arms again, soothing as he goes. “Don’t get worked up. It’s nothing. Just something you need to know. I’ve been putting off telling you because I didn’t want to upset you.”
Biting back a sigh, Cas drops his bag on the floor by the door and toes his shoes off before answering. “We’ve almost gotten the issues worked out. Hopefully, this will be the last late night.”
“Again?” Cas asks, and Dean isn’t sure he’s able to give a response. His body is strung tight, straining toward the promise of more pleasure. He ruts down against the bed, but Cas presses one hand against his lower back, holding him still. Dean whines and spreads his legs further. It must be enough of an answer for Cas because he slides one hand under Dean’s hip and begins to tug him up. “Come on, up on your knees, there you go.”
, Dean said. Cas rests his head wearily against Dean’s chest and lets himself drift to sleep, knowing that no matter what, Dean will be there when he wakes.
Dean shoots her a dirty look and then turns back to Cas. “I’d really like to talk to you,” he says sincerely. “I just, I think we got some things to say to each other.” His tone is imploring and he holds eye contact for as long as he can before letting his gaze drop. “Please, Cas,” he appeals, his voice cracking embarrassingly on the other man’s name.
Cas huffs a laugh. “I can’t believe you did that.” He winces slightly as Dean gently tucks him back into his pants and does them up.
“Jesus, Cas. I know you’re not gonna bad-touch my kid or some shit. I trust you,” he retorts angrily. “That’s a freaking ugly thing to say, man.”
Castiel appreciates that he never feels odd or self-conscious with them. He tries to remember a time before in his life when he felt this comfortable with other people and fails. Certainly not with his family; mealtimes, holidays, and vacations in the Novak house were awkward affairs, made worse once Gabriel hit his rebellious teenage years. The frustrated animosity between him and their father was never easy. Although Castiel loves his older brother, and would do anything him, he has never really felt like they understand each other.
Dean follows her hand motion to where Cas stands with an attractive woman in a dark gray pantsuit. Dean doesn’t think her attire is very child-friendly, but if Jolene says she’s good, then Dean will reserve judgment.
Dean opens his eyes and meets his brother’s gaze. Sam looks unwavering, like he means every word he’s saying, and it breaks something inside Dean. “He doesn’t want me,” he whispers, a single tear sliding down his cheek. He doesn’t have the strength to wipe it away even though he hates the clammy feeling of the moisture on his skin.
If there is one thing that Dean will remember about this moment, the single point of clarity in the maelstrom, it is that he doesn't kiss back, not even for a moment, not even in shock. Ash writhes on his lap, doing everything he can to turn back time, to pull Dean in and bring them back together. Dean can smell the liquor on his breath, feel the heat of his mouth and his hands as they stroke down Dean’s neck to cup the back of his head. As familiar as this is, as much as he’s lost himself to this heat a thousand times, in that moment he has only one thought. Cas.
“I have the list of cars you sent me and I’ve picked out several that I think I would like to look at. Several of the dealerships have more than one car, so I’ve created a plan that will allow us to see all of the kinds of cars while only visiting three different car lots.”
Bobby’s lips twitch like he wants to refuse, but he huffs out a breath. “Fine. Get out. But whatever’s going on, you gotta pull your shit together.”
A few fat teardrops fall onto Cas’ cheeks, and he reaches up to brush them away. “I can’t do that, Dean. I want you to be happy because if you’re not happy, you’ll leave me. I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you.” His voice breaks and when the tears fall again, he doesn’t wipe them away. “I can’t have sex with you, and I’d rather you get what you need with Donnie than risk you leaving me.”
Dean doesn’t sprint to the kitchen, but it’s close. Castiel waits, slowly, methodically working his way through the last of the fries and downing another of the sweet teas that Jo brings for him. Movement by the kitchen door draws his attention and he looks up to see Bobby clamp his hand down on Dean’s shoulder and squeeze. Dean looks dazed.
Ben climbs across the seat and plops down in his booster seat. “So can I ride home with Cas?” he repeats expectantly.
“You want to get out of here?” the man asks, his lips hot and wet against Dean’s ear. His hands shift up to slip under Dean’s shirt, and the press of hot, calloused skin on Dean’s back shoots a fresh wave of desire through him.
“I don’t think you mean that.” Ash’s voice cracks, which is worse than if he was his usual cocky self. Dean doesn’t know how to handle this, so he resorts to the one thing that always works. Anger.
Dean stops and turns to Cas, raising the hand not holding his coffee to brush his knuckles across Cas’ cheek. “Do I want to marry you?” he murmurs, eyes holding Cas’ so that he can’t look away. “Yeah, not going to lie, I’ve thought about it. I mean, not anytime soon ‘cause we’ve got some stuff to work out and I don’t think we’re ready for that yet, but yeah, when I look into our future I see us together as a family. Where I come from that means puttin’ a ring on your hand.”
While Dean continues to pant against his neck, Cas raises his hand and, out of curiosity, brings it up to lick Dean’s seed from his fingers. It’s salty and bitter, with a faint musky smell, and not as thick on his tongue as he thought it would be. Certainly not as horrible as he imagined.
Cas nods, stilted, without meeting Dean’s eyes. Pleasantries are exchanged by the rest of the family, Ash conspicuously absent, and then they are opening the door and heading out into the chilly evening air. With darkness fallen, the lights from the porch cast rainbows of color in Cas’ dark, messy hair as Dean watches him walk down the path to his car. There’s a tightness in his chest that he doesn’t know what to do with, so he turns away from the others and stalks back into the kitchen before they can comment. The whiskey bottle in the cupboard is sounding more and more inviting.
John pulls one hand down over his face and rips his eyes away from the screen to meet Dean’s glare. “It hurt too much to talk about, and it wouldn’t have brought her back.”
Cas grins at the thought of Dean. There’s been such a dark cloud following him for weeks that it feels good to think of Dean and smile. “Probably still in bed,” Cas tells her with a wink. “I’m going to surprise them with breakfast because they have a big day today.”
Cas nods, his eyes flicking across the room to Ben, then down. Dean follows his gaze and sees that he’s playing with one of those rubber bands on his wrist that he has been wearing the past few times Dean has seen him. The band is purple today. When he realizes that Dean is watching him, he clears his throat, drawing Dean’s attention away from the edges of inked lines he can see peeking out of the shirt sleeve. “While Ben is still a child regardless of the Asperger’s, it is more likely that his meltdowns in those groups are because he becomes overstimulate by interacting with numerous people at once.”
Cas squints as he turns to look up at Dean. “She spends every day surrounded by children, Dean. She’s an elementary Special Education teacher.”
Dean closes his eyes. The wild jittering in his muscles is still there, but the nausea had faded with his headache. If he concentrates, a persistent ache radiates out from where the bandage covers the side of his head. It’s not bleeding anymore, but the rough pool wall scraped off enough skin it will be weeks before it’s healed. The doctor insisted he keep it sterilized and covered, at least until he sees the neurologist on Monday.
“We weren’t,” Donnie snaps, gripping the top railing of the fence like he’d rather be throwing a punch.
“Never told anyone. Read me the same riot act your dad did when he caught us, but he said there was somethin’ broke in me, that he wondered if I was even his son. He got right in my face and asked how he could ever be expected to be proud of a son who likes dick.”
Their clothes have gotten mixed in the drawer, and it’s Dean’s Iron Maiden shirt Cas pulls out when he goes for pajamas. “I’ll have him sentence you a thousand hours of rubbing my shoulders.”
“For the record,” Castiel whispers, speaking so softly that Dean has to lean back in to hear him. “You’re not screwing anything up.” He shifts, pressing soft, warm lips to Dean’s cheek.
It takes a moment for Dean’s foggy brain to realize Castiel is holding his hand. Dean opens his eyes and finds himself the subject of an intense inspection. “Cas…”
Ash bites the inside of his cheek and looks away, across the garage. “I wouldn’t have survived that year without you. I was so fucking angry all the time and you just, I don’t know man, you just look it out of me.”
Cas’ eyes widen at his words. He stares, blue irises a thin ring around his pupils, right into Dean’s eyes, their chests rising and falling in time with each other. Finally, after what feels like forever, Cas swallows, throat working hard, and he nods with a slight dip of his head.
Candace lets out a tight laugh. “Oh, he certainly is, but I think Justin and I are better off without him.”
“Wait!” Ben yells. “They have to get their Santa pictures.” He grabs Kali’s hand and starts to pull her over to the Santa and Mrs. Claus.
“Don’t,” Dean says tiredly. He knows that Sam is gearing up for one of his big heart-to-heart talks and Dean is too gutted to tolerate it.
Dean looks up at John, thrown off by the gentleness in his words. Sometimes, with how hard John pushes him, it’s easy to forget John is a well-respected coach on the circuit. Even if Dean is only a tool, John knows better than to damage him. Mouth dry, Dean nods. “Sure, yeah. Work up to it.”
“Just listen for a minute,” she snaps. “I know, Dean. I get that he’s fucked up and that you’re with Cas now. I’m not doing this to try to get you back together. What he’s doing ain’t right, but, well, just come over and talk to him. I don’t want to watch you two rip each other apart and that’s what’s gonna happen if he goes through with this.”
Candace is nodding too. “I got so angry at Justin yesterday. I really snapped and yelled at him before I got myself together. He took all the eggs out of the fridge and put them under the radiator because he said he wanted to see them hatch.” She chuckles along with Dean and Jolene. “Oh, it’s funny now, but three dozen spoiled eggs didn’t seem all that comical yesterday.”
Despite his discomfort, Dean lets out a bark of laughter. “Jo? Holy hell, man. That would be like dating my sister.”
A few slower songs blend and then the bass booms again. Dean is so caught up in the electric tingle of the music on his skin he barely notices strong hands grip his hips and pull him backward. The hard line of the guy’s cock presses against Dean’s ass as he grinds against Dean’s backside. Dean lets himself sway with the man’s body, pressing his hips backward then shifting away to lean back so his shoulders rest against the guy’s chest. He twists and looks up, chin catching against the rasp of stubble on the man’s strong, square jaw.
He drags in another deep breath. At seventy-two, it’s not like Cas didn’t know that his mother was getting older, that he would lose her one day soon. He just didn’t think it would be this early or this suddenly. She was healthy and in good spirits at Easter, talking about jetting off to Florida to visit cousins in a few weeks.
They drive for a while, nothing but farmland and the occasional house zipping past the car windows. Thinking that maybe Cas responded to his text, Dean reaches to dig his phone out of his pocket, only to realize that it is still in his hoodie. He twists and reaches to where Bobby threw it on the backseat, the sleeve slapping Bobby on the side of the head as he pulls it between the seats.
“Family is the most important thing in the world to Dean. He’s been through hell and back and a lot of that was my fault.” He pauses to take another swallow of beer. “I know he told you how John drug him and Sam all over, but there’s a ton of shit I’m sure he hasn’t mentioned. Like when we were twelve and John was gettin’ ready to skip town again. There was a huge blow-up ‘cause Dean refused to leave. He wanted him and Sam to stay with us, even went to far as gettin’ mom and dad and Bobby to put pressure on John. Dean’s dad was a mean S.O.B. back then, ‘specially when he was drinkin’. He told Dean he could stay, but that he shouldn’t ever think about contactin’ John again. Then he drug Sam out to the car and drove away.”
Trying to figure out where to split this chapter was a bitch. I'd say I'm sorry for where I ended it, but I'm actually not. :)
Cas gives him an amused look but doesn’t answer. His attention is taken up by the changes to the café since the last time they were there. The downstairs of the gallery is still just as welcoming, but the artwork has been switched out from winter scenes to beaches and summer picnics. The tops of the bookshelves are a riot of colorful blooms that trail over the edges and the simple changes transform the café.
"I'm not quitting," Dean snaps. All that work, countless hours of training and competing, down the drain because he can't pull his shit together? No way. "I'm just taking a break to get better so I can be back on track to show at Nationals. My ranking will drop, but I should be able to stay on the team."
Most people would think having the two women would put Dean’s team at a disadvantage, but Dean knows better. When Jess knocks the football out of Donnie’s hands before he can get off a pass on the first play, Donnie knows it too. “Should have figured that Winchester would surround himself with a couple bad asses,” he teases, setting up for the next snap. That one goes a little better, but they only gain fifteen feet before Jo intercepts a pass intended for one of John’s buddies from the fire station.
Dean struggles to pull in a breath. Too soon, his brain screams, but his heart, thumping painfully in his chest, isn’t so sure. It’s only been two months, four months less than he’d been with Lisa when she got pregnant and look how that turned out. He may have gotten Ben out of it, but the last few months of his and Lisa’s relationship was ugly and painful and messy.
Cas taught summer school his first two years in Lawrence, but it had quickly become too much to handle. Although he enjoys the children immensely, he needs that time over the summer to recharge so that he can come back refreshed in the fall. He knows that Dean has signed Ben up for the part-time program, along with a recreational program at the park, but these last few days could very well be Cas’ last chance to see Ben until next school year. His heart twists painfully.
They work in silence for the next twenty minutes. The parents are starting to trickle in by the time they have everything arranged. Every time the door opens, Castiel looks up to see if it is Dean and Ben. And every time Castiel looks at the door, Meg rolls her eyes. Castiel continues to ignore her.
The outrageousness of the situation finally gets to Castiel and he starts to chuckle as Dean moves to pin Charlie down, his much larger form making the task easier despite the way she flails. “Get her arm, Cas, no, no, her other arm! Dammit, Charlie, not so close to the jewels,” Dean calls out directions as he wrestles her into submission. By the time they have her subdued, Dean is sitting on her with one arm pinned under his leg while Castiel controls the other arm. Castiel feels ridiculous, but the silliness is infectious.
Dean’s heart trips and his breath catches. Desire pools low in his groin, reminding him that despite everything else, he's not completely broken. He can't deny he wants what Castiel is offering. The temptation of losing himself for a while is hard to ignore.
Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to send kudos or comments for this story! I've tried to respond to each comment individually but I got swamped at work and fell behind. If I haven't responded to you, know that I definitely read them all and your feedback means the word to me.
Cas pulls the volunteer schedule out of the top box and tapes it to the corner of the table. Five one-hour shifts scheduled around the Walk itself will be manned by teachers from the school. Meg and Castiel both offered to take a shift but Balthazar, Charlie, Kevin, Cole, and Jody waved them off, saying that they already did enough for the children so they should be able to enjoy the festival.
Dean wants to say no. He wants to argue and insist that he go along. There are too many things that can go wrong.
Meg leans over and says something that Castiel doesn’t catch. He leans down and she presses her mouth against his ear. “That guy over there is watching you,” she yells, motioning with her eyes.
