John makes a sound of affirmation but shrugs his shoulders.
John stares over his newspaper at the eyes over the mouth that has just stopped in front of him to make the most ludicrous of suggestions.
This clearly makes it worse in John’s eyes. He is confused by the fact that for once in his life Sherlock has not made a smart retort at someone, and she asks if that makes her special, whether John is
“I didn’t know you worked here, I swear.”
Sherlock looks like he is about to cry.
“Sorry you had to see that,” John said. “I forget the scar is even there. I promise to wear a shirt from now on.”
He exclaimed happily at the sight of a jar full of glue-like substance. Sherlock wondered how he could get away with having to eat it
“Yes, of course I knew...“
“And you find that easy, do you?” he clenches the back of his chair.
No, wait.
He ran outside, forgetting his shoes next to his mattress and stumbled over John’s that were placed right outside the door. The cold morning air felt icy on his flushed skin, and he shivered in his pyjama trousers. The wind from the sea rustled his curls, attempting to sweep away the images of sculpted muscles and skin clear and smooth, puckered and red.
That’s what Lestrade calls it. Molly stays silent mostly and brings him tea when asked.
“You know, Sherlock, you should just relax for a while. There are other things besides work.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock says, desperately chasing after John’s lips, terrified of what he might say next. Best to just keep on kissing.
take it out and polish it, along with the identical one in Sherlock’s finger. He had said that for one’s 40
On his twenty-ninth birthday, Sherlock ends up in the emergency room for bleeding slowly and steadily dry from his hands, having smashed a window to pieces an hour earlier and jumped through it trying to escape the flames enveloping the abandoned warehouse into heat, smoke, and death death death.
he wondered.
He takes his coat from the chair and steps out. They can hear him on his phone, ordering the car to come pick him and Doctor Mortimer up.
be his fault.
Doctor Mortimer leans in over the table, armed with the calmness of a psychiatrist and her 20 years of experience of speaking in hushed tones.
Giving the slip to a military officer should have not been as easy as it had been. For a moment he considered the possibility that Mr Holmes had allowed him this last chance of freedom, but dismissed it instantly. He did not seem to want any distractions at this time, which also made it likely that John’s disappearance would not cost him more than a scolding.
John wakes up several hours later with a horrendous need to pee. He is still clutching the towel and it’s slowly dripping into the mattress. Sherlock’s neck and the ends of his hair are soaking wet. He is sleeping as close to John as possible, one cold foot tucked between his thighs, the other under the waistband of his pyjama pants where it’s pressing against his bladder.
“Harriet?” Doctor Mortimer asks. “Who’s Harriet?”
Sherlock hums appreciatively and pokes John on the nose with his toes. John catches them and tickles the spaces between each until Sherlock squirms.
“I don’t,” Sherlock grasps John’s wrist. “I really don’t.”
“It’s warm,” Sherlock repeats. “And squishy and soft, unlike other parts of you.”
“So the killer kept the shoes all these years?” John asks.
“Do you have a light?”
His mind spins round.
Sherlock swirled around in a wide circle.
He walks slowly behind John, admiring the sight.
He knows Sherlock is staring at him but it is so nice just to concentrate on the warm bath water rather than to find out what Sherlock is seeing on him now.
It gives Sherlock hope.
“It can’t talk. And besides it doesn’t have eyeballs.”
“Well then,” John pushes him back towards where he came from, “bed it is. I’ll bring you a bit more tea and a jug of water.”
And suddenly, they have a case.
Speaking of humouring.
Sherlock looks up. He is alone in the room but for a young constable standing in the doorway, looking like he can’t keep himself from entering but not wanting to disturb him.
“My name is Ella Mortimer,” the woman says. “I’m a psychiatrist.”
Twenty minutes to spare.
people did. They shared. And Sherlock was not normal.
Somehow Lestrade has sneaked his way next to her when she hasn’t been looking, and so she jumps to high heavens when he yells,
“Why do you have that?” Sherlock asks.
“That was your idea. And no, I’m taking her to King’s first,” John is looking for his keys between the cushions of his arm chair.
The woman inspects him through a cloud of smoke.
And people are pulled to him. Sherlock saw how the nurse who brought him in had looked at John. His eyes had had that same look of unmasked attraction Sherlock had once caught on his own face when he had glanced at a mirror while John had been crouching down tying his shoes, the muscles on his back and bottom stretching enticingly.
“Evening,” John says.
John squeezes harder so that Moriarty has to struggle slightly to keep upright.
She shone a light into John’s eyes, then asked him to move the fingers of his free hand.
God, how he envied her.
Of course he looks. She is a beautiful woman and he is clearly attracted to them all. And they to him or they wouldn’t allow him to follow them home. Even Irene Adler measures him for a while, rakes him up and down and locks her eyes to his face before sitting down and offering them tea, concentration again securely on Sherlock.
But Watson looked as alert and awake as before, still sitting straight, still holding on to the bonnet so as not to be thrown on the floor with the bumps. Now, in the golden morning light Sherlock could see that he was not in fact relaxed, like all of this was just routine to him, but like all his senses were stretched to their utmost.
“John. I need some. Get me some.”
Looking around, he noticed Watson’s bed was empty, the bedding folded neatly under the mattress, the pillow on top in a perfect 90-degree angle. Watson’s clothes from yesterday, which had been folded and arranged on a stool by the foot of his bed, had disappeared. Most likely he had gone out. Sherlock tried to search for his shoes, but remembered he had left them outside before going to bed.
of a mug being placed on the ground.
Grumbling, his ears burning from the cold, Sherlock pulled the hat on. It was already warm from having been worn for so long and smelt strongly of Watson.
He should have remembered how Moriarty uses people who love.
Suddenly he couldn’t breathe.
“Oh, thank you, sir!” the constable sits down as well and bites into the sandwich like he hasn’t seen food in a week.
Her jaw drops.
At first John watches him with amazement. He wonders if Sherlock is even aware of what he does or if he does it purely on purpose.
Afterwards they lay down on the grass, dripping with water, clothes set to dry next to them on the ground. Not even their undergarments to cover them, they were happy to let the sun warm their skins.
At the moment, he hates Irene Adler. He hates the man standing in front of him, pointing the gun at his sternum. He hates the man pushing the gun against John’s neck. He hates Mycroft. He hates the secretary who came to get him to the Palace. He hates the Queen. He hates everyone who had anything to do with John ending up on his knees on this woman’s cream carpet and sounding like he is going to have a panic attack from all the memories that must be flooding back.
Sherlock stares at it incredulously while Jim continues to blabber.
He is soaked in pig’s blood from waist up and already bored out of his mind.
Sherlock bit his lip. A reconnaissance unit of any size was unusual. These days the Germans trusted the job on the Luftwaffe, and even then the planes were often shot down. Sending a five-man ground unit to investigate a presumably uninhabited part of rural Wales while most of the war was going on miles away in the east was nothing if suspicious.
John’s posture stiffened and his hand moved closer towards the gun.
There is suddenly a lump in his throat.
In the car back to Baskerville, he dares a question he knows will make John’s shoulders even stiffer. Treading on very, very dangerous soil, he asks what went wrong with Louise Mortimer.
He hadn’t listened.
“People are never nice to me. Then again, I’m never nice to them. They only deserve it.”
They stare at each other for a moment, Victor’s mouth melting to a fond smile at Sherlock’s little joke. He gets up hurriedly and walks to where Sherlock is still standing awkwardly at the doorway.
“Then they are in a perfect place,” Sherlock digs his nose into John’s shirt and inhales.
He tried so hard! Every day he made an effort to fit in, to be pleasant, and every time he was shot down. By Anderson, by Donovan, by that arsehole Dimmock who didn’t even take his hand when they met in Eddie Van Coon’s flat. John was eternally grateful that he shook hands with Sherlock that first time on the steps of 221.
Sherlock shakes his head violently.
The kettle clicks off and he pours the water into a pot with some tea leaves.
After he had left her, she had concluded her travels, returned home and five weeks later opened her door to see her Georgie and what little possessions he had with him.
“You don’t accuse him of anything. And yet he is the one who phoned me, asked me to come and see you in the first place. You screamed at James in my office, called him names. You were clearly angry.”
“Chronic depression and schizophrenia.”
“You have no right to say his name.”
“I’m glad you don’t sound like a broken microwave anymore. And if you ever want to function as a consulting detective again, you need to eat.”
“Has it occurred to you that the bomber is playing a game with you? This has all been for you, starting with the shoes.”
Help was mere minutes away and the adrenaline in his veins began to wear off in the prospect of not having to survive alone for long. Soon, someone would come barging in, take care of the thugs and they could go home.
Before Mr Hartley had the chance to reply, he continued,
“Could I take them later?” he whispers to John.
John presses his mouth against Sherlock’s forehead instead, not quite a kiss, and the expression on Sherlock’s face is priceless. He looks like a disappointed grayling.
“What I’m trying to say is that if there’s anything I can do, anything you need, anything at all, you can have me. No, I just mean…”
“Did he offer you the chance to finally be a hero? To prove your worth? To show everyone that a wounded man can do his bit just as well as the next one? Were you put here because…”
“Stop.”
!” Moriarty hollers so that the whole pool area rings with his anger.
He could fit his body so perfectly next to John’s. He could wrap himself around him, protect him from all sides.
Once again, no direct contact, just whispers.
“I’m not just going to stand here so you can humiliate me while I’m trying to… dissemble…”
“Yes, I heard you the first ten times. What can I do? You refuse to take any medication and choose to just lie there, moaning and moping and once again
“Sherlock?” John snaps on the light in the sitting room.
Sherlock is inspecting the shampoo bottles when he returns. The liver stink stuck to his own clothes and skin now and his hand full of the sticky stuff he knows the back of Sherlock’s head to be full of, John undresses and climbs in the tub as well.
“I mean if there’s anything you need, it’s fine.”
At dawn, they lie on Sherlock’s bed, limbs hanging over the sides, ear to ear, staring at the ceiling.
He takes John’s hands in his and kisses them.
“I can’t
“Do whatever you like,” he says. “Get me out of here.”
In the months that followed, Sherlock saw Victor Trevor several times. He was a close associate of Mycroft’s and involved with some of his more secret schemes.
“Not a friend in the world, no one who
“This is my crime scene, do you hear? You will do as I say and you won’t steal any evidence, understood?”
Except when he is thrown off by her sarcastic ‘Think’ while he is in the middle of figuring out the key code, just before three Americans burst in through the door with John at gunpoint. John, who apologises to Sherlock for not being able to fight them off bare-handed.
Suddenly, a bang, loud like an explosion, and a harsh scream.
“A few,” Sherlock replies and pulls a short strand of hair from where it has been stuck to the lock on the box. Squinting at it for a moment, he snarls and tosses it over his shoulder.
Sherlock pressed his nose into the soft spot under John’s jaw, shivering uncontrollably. The burning in his extremities had dissipated, and he could not feel his hands. He tried to move his fingers, to stroke them against John’s chest.
“Running out of coffee is an emergency.”
Press record.
Sherlock asks for his medical opinion, asks him to go interview Connie Prince’s brother, is proud of him when he comes up with his own solution to the murder, no matter how wrong he is. Elegant, but wrong.
He turns round swiftly, panic rising in his stomach. A woman dressed in formal attire is standing directly behind him, with two burly men looming by her sides like gate keepers. They are not dressed as nicely as she is, but comfortably and so that they can move without restraints.
When he moves all the papers in the sitting room and sits in his own chair in front of the fire, John doesn’t even glance at him and even looks like it’s the easiest thing in the world.
This chapter was so difficult to write! I have the next two chapters lined up, have had for months, but
Just before he falls asleep, Sherlock feels the warm hand on his shoulder again.
Or he’s feeling chilly.
“And tea,” Sherlock continues, pulling out a thermos from his other pocket, loosening the two cups attached to the top, offers one to the constable and keeps one to himself.
John stares.
To his surprise, John only sighed and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him in deeper into the embrace. He only moved his lips to allow Sherlock to feel a small give, some admission that his kisses were welcome, but kept his movements soft and unhurried, the desperation gone from his body.
Sherlock patted his pocket. The boy stuffed his gift hurriedly in the pocket of his jeans, closing his mouth so fast his jaw made a loud
“I would have thought it was because you look like you like Poe. All moody and pale and lots of wild hair.”
John doesn’t wake up, so Sherlock dares to stop behind him and lean closer. He reaches out his fingers to brush at the skin just below the tuft of hair that always sticks up (he has observed). John stirs, and Sherlock snaps his hand away.
“Yeah, if you want me to.”
He tore his headphones from his ears.
“The jar is almost empty.”
Sherlock touches the wall above his head, hoping that on the other side of it John is sleeping soundly and without nightmares of men exploding to pieces over mines or IEDs.
“How are you dealing with this?”
Sherlock loved both his body and his mind, his beautiful torso and legs and his calm grey eyes, so different from his own stormy green ones, and his white hands, constantly holding his, marking an end to the gloominess of boredom that had surrounded his life. Both brought him pleasure in immeasurable ways and made him feel content for the first time in his life.
“Why did you come here?” he asked.
“Comes with the playing, I guess. You get an ear for music.”
“I never delete anything about you,” Sherlock breathes.
Jim sits down next to him.
“I would like to hear what my job would include before I give you my answer.”
“I’m just putting the kettle on. Would you like something else?”
“You are obviously prepared for the mission to take a long time.”
He is there, taunting him, snarling insults and threats, making him halt when he starts to talk about John.
The woman rests the clipboard against her thighs and leans against her desk.
Victor continued to converse with the man, standing out in the open in his naked glory, something the old man seemed not to notice at all. Nothing much was said, and the man soon departed with his dog in the tow.
“Try me,” John encourages, getting up from the blanket and leaning against the tree.
So predictable. Sherlock loved it.
So it’s his doctor speaking, not his inner torturer.
He picks up the gun, but doesn’t take aim. Instead, he throws it in Jim’s lap and indicates that he will do the driving, Jim can damn well shoot as much as he likes. Jim curses again, lets go of the wheel suddenly and begins to empty his gun through the broken window. The third bullet hits the man with the gun on the shoulder and the next one goes through the driver’s neck. Limp like a ragdoll he slouches over the wheel. Without anyone to steer the car, it roars towards a pier and flies into the cold water.
again. The fuzziness that has been crowding his senses and muscle control for so long has vanished, and he sets to work again with a renewed enthusiasm. His inbox is bursting with cases, old and new, some of them still current and people in need of his help contact him every week. He does not get bored and feels more alive than he has in years.
That’s how he meets Victor Trevor.
“All right,” he replies and leans in closer towards him.
“Hmm?” John asks. His hands are resting over his chest. They are covered by thick woollen mittens his mum gave him for Christmas.
La Traviata blaring from the stereos, Sherlock assumes his thinking pose. Hands under his chin, tips of his fingers just touching his jawbone, he is already at the gates of his mind palace, when the door bursts open.
On her desk, her phone buzzes suddenly and she turns to look at it. The second she turns around, Sherlock jumps up from his chair, only to fall down on the rug.
Disgusted, he turns round to type her measurements on the safe’s keyboard. Hand on the handle, he looks over his shoulder, not to check he has been correct but because his instinct tells him that though this woman is extremely vain, she is not stupid. He looks at her for possible additional instructions and gets them.
“He’s been out clubbing all night, in a
The figure, sensing John’s presence, lifts its head and searches for him blindly.
It’s not that John doesn’t want to help to catch the bad guys. He agrees they need to act fast while the trail is still hot.
one, and by then Lestrade and the others will already be here.”
“Give us a minute, love?”
There is a ‘we’ hanging on the tip of his tongue before he sucks it in. John can hear it. And he hears the pleading in Sherlock’s voice, different from what Mycroft and Doctor Mortimer are hearing. They glance at one another, but John keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s, reads the desperation in them, the determination in his steady hands, the single-mindedness in the set of his jaw.
Sherlock scowled.
When the man pulls out two bottles with the pills in them, Sherlock’s mind sways between the possibility of what is likely to come and what John is doing at that moment. He has contemplated on death a fair deal in his life, always thinking he would die alone. And it seems that he will.
“You are not real! You are not
“Why are you doing this?” Sherlock breathes out.
The dummy is back in place in the child’s mouth and the child itself it tottering back towards his mother sitting on a bench with another young woman. Bright yellow pieces of felt on the back of the dungarees spell JOHN.
Sherlock knows this because Mycroft has bugged one of the legs of Mrs Hudson’s kitchen table. He has promised to turn it on only when John visits.
The door still open to the warm night air, only a small lamp casting its light over the room, John pored over every inch of Sherlock’s body, cleaning the wounds, applying ointments and bandages, keeping up a constant silent murmur of encouraging words, all the while straining his ears for any unusual sounds from outside.
“It’s for the chicken. For the dinner.”
His coat billows behind him in the wind, like a huge sail or a cape. He likes the feeling. It’s a secret pleasure of his, to close his eyes and pretend he is Superman, invincible and undamaged.
They take John to hospital, just to be safe. They make him warm again and bring back his pinkish hue with a touch of feverish red on his cheeks.
This might actually work.
Press pause.
On a Sunday afternoon when Sherlock was lounging on their spot alone, Victor having gone to relieve himself in the bushes, a brown dog rushed out from the forest, stopping to sniff his feet and wag its tail at him. It was followed by an elderly man with a satchel and a gun, most likely the groundskeeper. He stopped some distance away from Sherlock and the dog, surprised by the presence of another human being but clearly not doing anything to avert his eyes. Nor did Sherlock, secure in the knowledge that he was a guest of the son of the house.
When John walks through the door, Sherlock is once again sitting on the bed, fiddling an old familiar handkerchief in his fists.
Sherlock licks his lips and stares intently at John. He is standing leisurely in the middle of the sitting room, legs and arms relaxed, but his toes are digging into the dusty rug so that they are almost white.
“I’m clean.”
She grasps his arms desperately and when he lets go her eyes are red and she is sniffling violently. He offers her a tissue, kisses her forehead and is out of the door.
“I can’t find it.”
, is Sherlock’s term.
Sherlock is red and looks like he is about to choke on his tongue. His hands are hanging loose by his sides but his toes keep squirming.
At night, his cheek resting against Sherlock’s bare thigh, John sees the scar on his knee, spreading across the kneecap and sliding under his leg. It must have been painful, the surgery, the physical therapy. But Sherlock was young, he has forgotten already. As much as Sherlock can ever forget.
!” Sherlock hissed.
“Of course. I’d be lost without my blogger.”
They are so close. Sherlock feels John’s heartbeat against his own. That blessed heartbeat that could have stopped at a similar pool only six months ago.
there is to know about them. Mycroft lent him his entomology books when he did not need them anymore, and Sherlock has read them from cover to cover. He has one of them with him now and on the cover there is a beautiful black beetle, very much like the one crawling over his hand.
It was marvellous to feel the sun on his face and to admire the waves gleam in the light.
He is thinking about the war, all the civilians he must have seen shot, burned, stabbed and tortured to death. He is on the verge of a panic attack and Sherlock has to get him out of there.
The sudden movement hurt his face, his nose aflame with pain, but he kissed and kissed John, who groaned under him and attempted to gasp for breath enough to protest or kiss him back, which, Sherlock did not know.
Despite what he had thought, Sherlock found he liked it all, the cottage, the sea, the silence, even the lack of crowds and thousands of people keeping his mind occupied with their buzzing. He despised the forest, hated every aspect of it, but to his surprise everything else that had seemed barely tolerable at first gradually transformed into something enjoyable – comforting even – with each passing week. Unusual though it was, the forest ended right by the sea with only a small edge of rocks separating the green from the blue. He often found himself standing on the rocky beach, looking at the sea with the forest securely behind his back.
Mycroft came to pick him up. He took the bus because Mummy and Daddy were always busy working and they had the car. On their way home, Mycroft held him in his lap and told him stories about London at night, things Sherlock would not see for years and years because he was too young to go out in the dark alone. They counted the traffic lights as they went by and Sherlock fell asleep to Mycroft’s voice.
Of course he thinks it’s like what Harry makes them do.
He plans to try wearing the sheet again, just to see if John would remember and laugh.
Two days later, Sherlock intercepted a message from the 7
“No, thank God, since you don’t pay me anything,” he huffs and tries to fit the pieces of glass together.
Sherlock tries to look disinterested, doesn’t even mention that the keys are still on the coffee table from where John left them last night.
“What am I then?” Sherlock whispers.
He presses his forehead against Sherlock’s.
But if you were dying, Sherlock is begging at him to understand, imagine you are going to die, you know it, you have a few last moments to use, what will you say?
John chuckles good-humouredly, but it is a little out of breath, a tiny bit strained.
“Mr Holmes?” the orderly asks, peeking in.
John ponders on it for a moment.
John slipped the empty bowl from his grasp and took a hold of his hand.
“So, all the data, all the proof you need, is my word and you will know?”
John stares.
“Tea,” John croaks, voice deep from a decent night’s sleep.
After minutes of intense running, he stopped again to hide behind one of the larger trees. He felt around it with his arms, making sure it was large enough to cover him, kneeled down on the ground and peeked around it.
John is about to say something but Sherlock beats him to it, kisses him fervently, water splashing all round them, John’s heartbeat still strong against his own now.
“And whose fault is that, hmm?” Sherlock snarls. “You did nothing to help me cope,
Molly looks like she is about to burst into tears, cheeks red with embarrassment. John’s face is crimson too, only with anger. He looks like he will explode.
Harriet Watson watches John. There’s not much that she can see through the haze of her intoxication or yesterday’s hangover she is trying to relieve with a new bottle of vodka, least of all the man ripped apart by sorrow sitting in front of her.
Some of them are yellow and crumbled, months, perhaps years old, some are newer, the latest begun only a few days ago.
John gets a smart kick to his diaphragm and a punch to his nose when an elbow (thumb and forefinger still securely clutching the nose to get leverage) connects with his face.
“Where two people who like each other go out and have fun?”
Sherlock rubs his palms over his face and finally turns to look back at him.
“You have set yourself back months of work, Sherlock. We have to start with a new, stronger medication immediately. We might even have to reconsider shock treatment. I think that, for now, it would be better if you came to stay in the hospital ---”
“I missed you too.”
If Sherlock had known what a crush was, he would have corrected his mother and told her in his pedantic manner: “No crush, mama. Yes love.”
Sherlock hasn’t seen John’s parents in over two years, and they both look at him like he is not quite there, like they don’t know where he belongs in this hideous play. They sit opposite him and Mycroft on the uncomfortable plastic chairs and wait for news. Sherlock watches John’s father stare stoically down at the floor, jump up every once in a while to pace the hall, only to sit down with a heavy sigh after a couple of laps. It’s horrible to see him like this, because Mr Watson is never silent, never fidgeting. He is always bubbling with energy, with laughter and jokes, and to see him like this makes bile rise up in Sherlock’s throat.
They look at each other for moment, then Mycroft sighs and goes back to the papers.
“Black, two sugars, please. I’ll be upstairs.”
It’s going to haunt him, that voice. For a moment he hopes he would actually be dying so he wouldn’t have to hear it inside his head every second.
“Okay.”
Harriet begins to cry quietly. But Jim stares after him as he walks away through the doors, towards the kindly smiling librarian who takes his ID and goes to arrange a visitor’s pass for him.
“You don’t talk much, do you?” he asks.
“Hiya,” he smiles awkwardly.
A hand on his shoulder. A young boy who worked at the radio closest to him pointing towards the door. The weight of his thin hand on his skin like iron.
“You like him,” he chirps. “And you can’t convince me otherwise.”
Jim sighs deeply and moves slowly into view from behind the car. He doesn’t go where Sherlock is lying on the ground but stands on the pier, watching as the black car sinks slowly into the black water.
“They shot you. They made you useless.”
“We had to let him go.”
John hesitates. He is not sure if this is allowed in the great code of secrecy of birthday presents.
John glanced down and slowly moved his hand to the holster, took out the handgun and raised it over his head. With a flick of his wrist he threw it on the ground next to the rifle.
“Maybe it is true what your mother says,” Mr Trevor mused, patting down the front of Sherlock’s coat to smooth the wrinkles. “You are kindred spirits.”
Jim still doesn’t say a word. Sherlock presses his forehead harder against the pane. Finally he glances up to see Jim’s dark eyes looking at him with so much comfort and understanding it makes shivers run down his spine.
He has taken a nap on the sofa. A long one. It has made his hair stand up from the back.
She giggles less but smiles more, drops objects less often and passes the halls of Bart’s like she is floating a few inches above the floor.
“Long blonde hair in the fan grille. Could also be a very long-haired man but unlikely taken the texture and the aroma of certain hair products women favour attached even to a single strand.”
“You can go home tomorrow,” the nurse said cheerfully, helping John up to sit on the side of his bed, while Sherlock hurried to move the whiteboard in front of a photo of decapitated and dismembered 40-year-old stock broker.
“You know it’s a mistaaaaake, Sherlock.”
He stares at the back of John’s head, going through every possible way to make it better.
His voice sounds like it’s coming from very far away.
“What have you done to him?” Sherlock bellows. “Where’s my husband?”
John wondered how long it would take them to remember that the mighty big box hadn’t yet been filled with illegal firearms and shouldn’t in fact be closed and locked.
“Nor that.”
Sherlock smiled.
“Are you okay?” she asks, interrupting him before he can even begin to lie. “And don’t just say you are if you don’t mean it, because I know what it means, looking sad when you think no one can see.”
“Oh?” Lestrade inquires happily. He opens the notebook, stares at the unintelligible scribbles and black lines crossing over theories, names being circled in black, the simplest solutions written in a shaking, childlike scrawl and then crossed over again.
“Come in!” Victor exclaims. “God, is it good to see you!”
“Jim!” Molly chirps. “Come in.”
John went still and his fists loosened. Sherlock could see the crescent shapes of his nails on his open palms.
That would stop Sherlock’s heart too, which is exactly what Moriarty wants.
“Ah,” her fingers press against his wrist. “So it’s not that you don’t want to. You just don’t have the courage to ask.”
Sherlock swallows.
They don’t go to the hospital, not now. One of the paramedics at the scene tries to drape a blanket uselessly over Sherlock’s messy coat, only to drop it when Sherlock howls like he is burnt. They are standing near the ambulance, trying to come up with a solution, Sherlock leaning against John, pulling at his coat to get it off himself and whimpering into John’s skin. His arms get stuck in the sleeves and suddenly the only thing John cares about is the desperateness of Sherlock’s whispers on his skin, combination of his name, pleading and home, home, home.
John stops at the door, fingers squeezing the handle so that his knuckles go white and bloodless before he jerks the door open and walks directly into Lestrade.
After a couple of months, an especially demanding case comes across his way and he barely looks up from the wall for hours. He knows John to be hovering somewhere in the background, go to work, come back, disappear into the kitchen.
“I should take a shower.”
John dumps the socks covering the floor on the bottom of his closet. He climbs back to bed and peeks under the covers.
, said the piece of paper.
Army rifle.
“First test passed, it would seem,” Sherlock points out.
“Isn’t it always, at the times we are living?” John asked with a smile.
“Did you need to use the faucet?”
The morning sun is shining straight into their sitting room and John is now feeling toasty and comfortable with both the luminous celestial body and Sherlock’s sleep-and-sickness-softened form warming him. Sherlock’s knees fit perfectly between his thighs, and John’s belly, deliciously softened by the past months’ consumption of Mrs Hudson’s fruit cakes and biscuits, is the perfect pillow for Sherlock’s chin.
“It’s none of my business who you spend your time with. I was just surprised. I’ve never seen you with anyone. Not that I want to! I mean, I wouldn’t want to pry if you had someone here…“
“Whipped cream!” Sherlock yelped.
Never mind his tone now, it couldn’t fool anyone. John’s is calm but very, very low and his eyes are suddenly piercing, a shade of deeper blue than they have ever been. His fist is clenched against his thigh but it’s not shaking.
John’s neck tenses and the humming stops.
“Of course,” Sherlock swears solemnly.
Doctor Mortimer takes a step towards him, barely flinching when Sherlock fumes at her,
He thinks he may have said that last bit out loud.
If it is love.
“I like it here,” he said. “Quiet. It’s always so noisy inside your head. Now it seems like you might have found something to quieten it.”
“I wasn’t even at home yesterday, I was in Dublin.”
Trying to keep his eyes on John’s face, Sherlock shook his head violently, feeling the red hot embarrassment spread across his chest and face. He was glad of the polo neck jumper covering his body, the night air having been so cold he had had to sleep in the thick jumper as well as a pair of flannel pyjamas.
“No.”
“Sherlock, I don’t know what you have been getting into this time” (he doesn’t say ‘taken’, dares not to even think of the word) “but I suggest you go home and have a good night’s sleep.”
John’s arms drop down and his hands hover near his thighs.
“I could cut myself slapping that face,” she says admiring his cheekbones.
So Watson was out and Sherlock had the hut to himself for the moment.
Harriet looks up at him from the folds of her mother’s dress, darkened by the tears.
His lip is almost chewed to pieces and burning. He has bitten down on it when John hasbegun to recite Moriarty’s words, when he has pointed the gun at Moriarty/Jim-from-IT, bitten almost through it when John has jumped on Moriarty’s neck
“Is it?” he asks an engraved pencil box.
Sherlock, having given up on trying to push John in before him, had stuffed himself uncomfortably in one of the large wooden crates. He could barely stand straight and his elbows were pressing against the sides uncomfortably.
“I want to go home,” he pants against John’s lips.
“Unless they’re trying to drive people away. Anyone specific in mind?”
“So did you.”
John froze at this. Suddenly what he felt (other than growing interest towards the man), instead of embarrassment and uneasiness for being somewhere he clearly did not belong, was anger.
Sherlock nodded, intrigued.
“Who?” quacks Sherlock.
“John, phone Mycroft. I need to see if I’ve remembered you in my will.”
“Come in, MF2! Come in, MF2!”
He has read about it, but it is nothing like in the books. It hurts and it doesn’t. He feels it somewhere outside himself, and somewhere inside, at the back of his head, where someone else is screaming, his name repeated several times, none of them sounding like pleads for mercy.
Three hours later, they are after the bomber.
“You’re cold.”
Sherlock looks back at the handkerchief, sees he is clutching it so hard his knuckles have gone white and releases his grip.
But the nurse was used to everything and even as impressive impressions as those of Sherlock Holmes did not work on her. She took a hold of John’s wrist, checked his pulse, inspected the numbers on the monitors, and did everything else she had done for the past five hours every hour on the dot.
But the kind his parents feel towards one another, the adult kind, the kind that means you are ready to do anything for the other person, is still a mystery to him.
“If you are done ogling and giggling like school girls,” he yells over his shoulder, “you could actually do your job and arrest someone so that I can take this one home.”
“I wonder where I should start.”
“Constable, when was the last time you ate?”
“So you lied.”
A young nurse finally points him towards the right room, and he dashes in, scaring the other patients asleep in their beds. John’s is the last one, just by the window, and as Sherlock pulls away the curtain he is sure he will see John half dead, blood seeping out or bruises mottling his whole body, his breathing heavy and restricted.
“Bastian has already published
John swore he could still smell the sewage water sometimes.
fault?”
Her son had harrumphed something awkwardly, clearly not wanting to let his family get involved with his associates, least of all his younger brother. He was not yet ready to let Sherlock into the circle of people who were an important part in ensuring the security of the nation.
John shivered.
“Sir, I want you to open the safe,” a balding American says.
“There always is at least one,” Irene says quietly.
“Excuse me!” he bellows over the noise.
use other than running out to meet your brother about national security when you can’t be arsed to do it yourself. Other than hovering in the background when you need a sounding board or want to see how quickly I can solve the little problems you dare to throw my way.”
So John does.
“But they are to Doctor Watson,” Mycroft Holmes continued without minding the interruption.
“Or someone brought a crate of mulled wine with them,” Sherlock added, realising too late that he had in fact opened his mouth and dropping his eyes to the floor again.
“Were you talking to Victor?”
John is the image of physical health, raw masculine sexuality in his young body that he clearly knows how to use, but does not want to.
He sounds so desperate that John actually turns round. But his reply says he has not heard the desperation but is too blinded by his own carnal needs to even consider staying.
“Let’s take a cab back to Baker Street. I’m still waiting for my lab results on Connie Prince.”
He took off his filthy shirt and trousers and placed them on his chair.
When the inevitable sneeze comes, Donovan turns around to offer some kind of condolences. Sherlock beats her to it, though. He has taken off his scarf and is winding it around John’s neck.
“Come
He doesn’t have a chance to inspect that one closer before Sherlock flips them so that he ends up looming over John and begins in turn to run his hands over the small and big dents and bruises on John’s body. John falls asleep to Sherlock’s fingers playing his ribs where the small imprint of seven-year-old Harry’s bitemark is still showing from when she decided to pretend John was a prime rib.
The screen stays too close to John’s face.
“It’s highly unlikely Thomas Hardy would take you up on the offer, considering he has been cremated in the 20s and so probably doesn’t get cold. I, however, could actually use a pair.”
Sherlock will remember so well in the days and months to come.
“Why are you doing this?”
He walks to the window, only to see John’s receding form in the dark, clearly determined to go and seek lodgings somewhere else for the night.
“Are you all right?”
John is beginning to look concerned.
“Yes, it has crossed my mind. That is why I try to avoid such situations. Usually I throw Anderson in.”
A thorough search revealed a mattress, an extra pillow and two blankets.
John turns away slowly. Sherlock hears him shuffle down the corridor and descend the steps. He counts each until they reach the front door, trying to listen to the soft murmur of sounds, Doctor Mortimer’s voice sharpest of all, though she takes extra effort to hide the sting.
“I’m glad no one saw that. You, taking my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool. People might talk.”
“Let him fume for a while more,” Sherlock nips John’s pinkie. “At least he is warm.”
He turned round the corner to Mulberry Terrace, dodged an oncoming car narrowly and made his way to number thirteen. The curtains were drawn, but the lights were on and he could hear music. He knocked on the door and took his hat off to wring the rainwater from it.
That makes John move, he can hear it, and he’s sure to be punched soon. But John only walks to the sofa slowly and opens the first newspaper of the pile on the coffee table.
Of course John is not there. 221B has been rented out, although to people who Mycroft hired to keep Mrs Hudson from giving the flat to outsiders and who will move out the moment Mycroft gives the word. John is not there, he is not waiting for Sherlock to return.
But Sherlock does. He knows
The purring continues.
“I don’t know.”
Sherlock Holmes’ mouth spread into a wicked grin.
“So why is this so nasty?”
“I don’t know why I’m so surprised, to be honest. I don’t know why it even matters. I never thought you trusted me, not really.”
A small boy with his mother (
“You really have no idea who that is, do you?”
He stumbles back, falls over a pile of magazines and hits his head painfully against the metal of his armchair.
“Look, Doctor Watson, I have to tell you the truth. We
The sudden quiet in the taxi startles him back to reality. He remembers there is a John Watson sitting next to him, clearly bursting with questions.
seen battle, that you
The Christmas before he turns nine, Sherlock finally learns what love is.
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock interrupts and climbs upstairs, passing the man standing on the landing and walks directly to the flat with its door wide open and policemen gathered around but staying as far away from the door as possible.
“Shut up!” Sherlock yells, and everyone close by stops to look at the empty spot he continues to scream at.
His brother snorted.
Somehow, they have become an entity.
Doctor Mortimer follows Sherlock’s slow walk down the hill for a moment.
Despite the pain, despite John’s possible attempts to stop him, he pursued the onslaught of lips on lips, not minding the ache and the after-effects it would bring.
Donovan nods.
“But you’d do it for me?” Jim asks. “For an old friend?”
Back in the bedroom his parents are still sound asleep but Harry’s eyes open a fraction when he climbs back to bed and shivers at the cold sheets. Harry snuggles closer to him, giving back the extra blanket she has stolen in her sleep. It’s a big bed so they’re sharing, like they used to when they were children. It’s an old bed as well, and there’s a slight dent on John’s side in the shape of a person who has always slept in the same position on her side, facing the person on her right.
John perks up once he is sat at the table of their sitting room, and Sherlock can breathe again. He goes straight into case mode once the officers begin to mount the stairs with grates of books, doesn’t pay much attention to anything but John’s face that thankfully doesn’t flicker into expression of pain anymore after the first two hours. After that, he gets so into the case that he barely grunts as a reply when John gets up and groans that he has to go to work.
“Miss Adler, I presume.”
“I can’t be the only person in the world who gets bored.”
A pause.
John picks up his newspaper and returns to the sports section. His toes keep wondering up and down Sherlock’s back, finding where the man tickles and where he is tense.
Military intelligence interested in him was never a good thing, especially considering his past. No matter what you had been told before, even a small blotch on your record might send the men in sharp suits back to you, asking questions you could never answer right, only to disregard the answers entirely and wheel you off to from where there was no return.
The sun was indeed already shining brightly though it was only ten o’clock. A little under five hours of sleep had left Sherlock feeling bleary and worn out, his whole body aching and demanding more rest.
They run, they jump and skid to a halt as the suspect turns around and empties his gun at them. John gets up faster than Sherlock whose coat is heavy with the dirty water from the gutter. John is five meters ahead of him, chasing the now not so much a suspect but definitely guilty man with his own gun drawn when, out of nowhere, the man running for his life hurls a knife at him. The attack comes so suddenly that John has no time to react. And the aim is good. But luckily thrown in full speed.
will see that we will not be surprised, we will not be taken lightly and most of all we will not surrender.”
Sherlock blinks through the tears and looks at him.
“Sherlock, why the hell do you need a million jars of pickled eggs! No one is weird enough to like them so much.”
Another door opens at the other end of the pool and a nasal voice calls out,
Sherlock balances on his elbows and looks at her silently.
“Same goes with love, I guess,” he admits.
They are standing chest to chest, John dragging his finger over Sherlock’s jacket, drawing patterns on the fabric. His eyes are staring into Sherlock’s, slightly hooded, and it’s not the champagne. He has only taken the one sip.
and gets another pillow straight in his face.
Mycroft had indeed chosen his companion well.
“Stop, stop,
“Sherlock, I’m in deep shit,” Jim greets, tussling his hair and sighing deep.
“Were you followed?” Sherlock continues.
John chuckles.
“Okay,
John stared.
“I saw her because she was
John) and the clattering of the crockery and the chatter is making his teeth ache. He tries not to think of what he saw,
John's expression stays stony as he stares out of the cab window on their way to Bart’s. He is thinking about the woman strapped to the bomb, about the 12 hours left to save her, about what happens if they don’t make it in time. Sherlock is busy fiddling with the shoes in his hand, shoved into a large evidence bag. His other hand is busy researching the web for several little details he has noticed on the shoes by now. They have already reached the lab where Molly sets Sherlock up with the necessary equipment before John opens his mouth.
The nurse promised a doctor would be round to check on him in a moment, then walked away again.
But John doesn’t care. He’s ready to give everything he has to help Sherlock, no matter if his muscles feel sore afterwards and his legs shake from the effort. He is actually surprised of the tenderness of Sherlock’s movements, having seen nothing but sheer desperation and animalistic lust in his eyes.
John walks to him and sits down on his knees on the rug. He rubs his hands over Sherlock’s thighs, smoothing the rumpled trousers Sherlock hasn’t changed in days. A single tear drops down on his hand and he looks up at Sherlock, whose eyes are red and puffy.
“You visited me every day. You
“You’re supposed to take them now,” John whispers back, hand going up to rub Sherlock’s neck.
He wants it to feel good but John’s touch makes his skin prickle and unable to control his disgust, he pushes the hand away and rolls to lie on his side, facing away from him.
The mouseman’s face falls.
It’s to do with Irene Adler. Has to be. Otherwise the Americans wouldn’t be interested in her.
“You know, stuck with you in a confined space is not as bad as I could have imagined.”
“Librarian, divorced twice, a cat (how original), already used this outfit on her date last night, with a
Sherlock thinks fleetingly (brain tuned to a frequency that sends the warning signs blazing inside his head if he does anything that might let John realise what he is not to know) how he must sound like mother goose when she spots her youngest duckling being carried away by a fox.
The man spares a quick glance at him before he pushes himself half out through the window to wave at the policemen gathered outside.
He could have phrased it differently, merely change the wording slightly to indicate the he was going to keep guard for both their sakes, but instead he said it in a way that brought to Sherlock’s mind an image of his mother sitting by his bed when he was five and suffering from typhus, stroking his hair and singing softly in her wonderful sweet voice she later lost to the same fever that made her voice more nasal and shrill.
Sherlock whimpered again, but sat up slowly. The movement hurt his lungs and he could feel a throbbing at the back of his head.
The change is instantaneous. He can feel again, hear again, see again. He can
The text shows a picture of the South Bank of the Thames.
That leaves John.
He took a step forward, suddenly unsure whether he should go on. The scream indicated that John had been successful in his rampage and that at least one of the people with shotguns, however many there were, was disarmed. But it was stupid to assume anything.
Sherlock’s mouth spreads into a grin.
“Just kidding.”
Two months earlier he had pulled him aside, given him a whispered lecture of behaviour in public and discretion concerning everything they did there, like he was a child.
Sherlock fell asleep in his chair, wrapped in one of the dusty blankets. His head drooping against his chest he began to mutter to himself. French, broken fragments of what could be Arabic dotting the sentences.
My life is shit right now, has been for the past two years, and even writing doesn't feel like it used to. So don't worry if I don't update this or my other stories too often. I am not fine, but I am as safe as I can be and surrounded by people who love me.
He looks away, eyes searching something from the living room.
When he returns to the table, Sherlock has somehow managed to upset the yoghurt so that it’s now dripping down his wrist. Eyes glued to the newspaper, Sherlock moves the licks from plastic to skin.
can.”
John’s shirt felt wet under his hand. He must be soaked through from sweating and crawling on the ground. He must be freezing.
will be ready to fight.”
“I think that’s your knee that’s digging me in the arse,” John pants.
And every night, the same phrase in Gaelic. Repeated again and again, tears dotting the lines around his eyes, before he woke up with a start.
“Oh, Anderson,” Sherlock doesn’t spare a glance at him, “when have I ever done what you say?”
He glances at his phone. The battery is close to dying. John had phoned the previous day, informing him they’d be going on a camping trip and there would be no cellular service.
That makes Sherlock see red.
In the dead silence that follows, Sherlock studies, suddenly intrigued, how the woman’s eyes get so large they look like they will pop right out, then darken into almost black and reduce to slits. She raises her hand and gives him a slap across the face so hard his ears ring.
“You only sit here, no, you
Sherlock gets to thrash and squeal unrecognizable threats to a pillow for good long minutes before John relents and stops trying to suffocate him with the bedding.
John let out another hiccup. Sherlock’s fingers moved to the sides of his head and John’s knees buckled. Outside, the noises of gunfire he had dreaded had still not arrived, so maybe the police had had the element of surprise on their side and the criminals were safely in handcuffs without a drop of blood spilled.
Turning the corner, John began to trace his steps back towards his flat. The tube would be faster, but he was certain that once he reached his flat, a car would be waiting for him with his things packed into suitcases stuffed into the boot, ready to go.
“Sherlock.”
He has not said it after that, hasn’t dared. Not after the response he got then. Even now when he apparently looks like he is dying he cannot ask John to help him.
He glances around, but the only one looking at them is the orderly, so he lowers his voice more so that John has to lean in to hear. Which is good. He likes to have John near him.
“I won’t hurt you.”
“An outside eye, a second opinion, it’s very useful to me.”
“The bullets only nicked his side and barely scratched his arm.”
The screaming only ended when he realised that the weight of Sherlock over him was alive and warm and he was shaking him by the arms.
Perkins, having previously forgotten his manners or not having cared to show them for Sherlock, now took off his hat, his voice changing to a low drawl.
Outside the wind had started again, the clumps of hail hitting the windows sounding like bullets.
He is just accepting one of the bags from John to help carry it upstairs when he sees movement from the corner of his eye, hears the sound of the safety being pulled back. John hears it too, and his first instinct is to jump in front of Sherlock, to push him out of the way. He doesn’t have time though, so when the gun goes off and the bullet tears itself through John’s flesh, he falls against Sherlock.
Standing in Mycroft’s office, his hands deep in his coat pockets, planning what to do, how to survive, how to make sure John survives.
The weather has been gorgeous the whole day and nothing in the atmosphere could ever indicate that something as gruesome as a double homicide including two serial killers and their most recent victims all in a bloody pile has just been found inside the house they are looking at. The white picket fences and the gleaming clean windows are the picture of a peaceful life, apple trees and closely cut grass line the path, children laughing somewhere in the distance.
For a second Mycroft sees in front of him the little boy who he came to get from school, the look on his face when he heard that Mummy was once again unavailable but he was there to take him home and they could have ice cream on the way. Sherlock’s small hand instantly in his when they turned round the corner and the other boys couldn’t see.
It’s another case of poisoning. Quite boring actually, the bomber repeating himself.
There is a black car parked outside the flat opposite, has been for five minutes and during that time no one has come out.
“You bastard!” John screams and throws a glass at Sherlock’s head. It shatters and tiny crystals fly around the room. Sherlock barely has energy to duck, the only thing saving him the base instinct to protect his skull from foreign objects.
The car dashes along the deserted road. Sherlock barely has time to register his surroundings, realising they’re nearing the docks, before the black car is by them again and the man sitting next to the driver has a gun in his hand and he is aiming it at Jim’s head. Panicking, Sherlock pushes them both down under the dashboard just when a bullet whistles over their ears, chattering both windows on its way.
“I want to know how they got there!” he bellowed. “Did they use a rowing boat or should we start interrogating Edward Temme for giving swimming lessons to the Germans? And I want the official statement to be that they were killed in Cornwall. I want them nowhere near Raven and Raptor! And send someone to take care of the bodies!”
No matter what Moriarty might have said or done to John, his first concern was to make sure Sherlock is unharmed.
He giggled when he remembered how every week after dinner his father and Harriet had sat down in the sitting room to listen to the game, jumping up and embracing each other with tears in their eyes every time their team had made a goal.
He runs to his room.
John mumbles something while chewing his pasta and asks the question that always follows the first one. Sherlock stares at him, challenging, but John drops the subject fast, ending with a final note, like an afterthought,
“I didn’t say that, but yes. I am.”
His brother sighed.
He reached for the handle.
“They all blamed me. The teacher, the staff. I didn’t dare tell them about the other boys and they thought right away that I had climbed there myself. It was the first time my mother came to pick me up from anything. Slapped me right there by the gates in front of my whole class.”
They lay down calmly for a while, Sherlock pondering on a new plan, John concentrating on holding him down while counting the minutes to their predicted release.
Sherlock doesn’t dare to even glance into John’s direction after that but stares at his shoes instead.
The crash is inevitable. His brain bangs against the insides of his skull, gnarling for something to chew on and Sherlock has nothing to offer it. No drugs, no case, and the only person who might be able to take his mind off it is somewhere having more fun without him and probably still won't say a word to him when he finally comes home.
“A little get-to-know-me present from the new boss. I’m afraid the MI6 doesn’t have a personal shopper.”
He goes to the ashtray and picks up the two pieces. He weighs them in his hands, tries to see if he could still put them together with some glue.
The woman stubs her half-smoked cigarette with her high heeled shoe.
Jim stops to think, biting his lip, eyes pondering.
Sherlock can see the single milk tooth peeking behind slightly open lips.
“You are not real, you are not,” he whispers.
Eyeing the papers, Mycroft Holmes tapped his foot on the floor three times, smacked his lips and began to speak.
He’ll have to ask John to do it.
Sherlock looked in his lap to see what Watson had thrown at him. He could barely make out the furry trimming and ridiculous flaps, but he knew it was Watson’s hat, similar to the one he himself had packed in his trunk with the rest of his clothes, certain that he would not need it during the drive.
“Pizza. That’s what you need right now. Up you get,” Jim decides.
“People have died.”
John gathers him in his lap and squeezes so that Sherlock’s bones crackle.
“Nothing, just ‘Welcome to London!’” John says between chuckles.
“No,” John shakes his head with a small smile, looking incredulous like heblames himself for actually believing for a moment that Sherlock had feelings.
He doesn’t care. Let the whole car go the same way as the other one. He doesn’t want anything to do with it.
“You know,
He keeps his distance and hopes every second that the next text he gets is from John or that when his phone rings it's John calling.
“I’ve been trying to solve your latest case, the one in the news last night.”
John knew where to look. Away from her nakedness. Sherlock wouldn’t have cared about what he saw even if he looked, and that confused Irene.
“All right then. But you have to lend me swimming trunks. I don’t own any.”
“Sherlock?” Lestrade asks. “What’s happened?”
It’s in the click of her shoes, the tap of her foot, the sway of her hips, the wave of her hand as she beckons Sherlock closer.
John made a very mouse-like noise when he heard the sound of the expensive shoes returning, but they continued right on without stopping to inspect the room again.
That's when Sherlock decides it's a good idea to take a long sweep over the lid, find something interesting from the newspaper and forget to drag his tongue all the way in.
“Love to but I’m afraid that if I move you, you’ll hurl on me.”
“That – was amazing.”
“Ain’t ya that young Holmes lad?”
Sherlock heard the soft
“I must educate you in the prowess of our country’s less distinguished authors. Such beauty to be learned.”
Sherlock answers by trying very hard to hide his toes in the warmth between cotton and skin as well.
There is a tube of Pritt somewhere in the middle of the clutter on the table. Sherlock stands still with the matches on his open palm as John squeezes the almost dry glue out of the tube.
His nose could fall off for all he cared.
John makes his head feel clearer. What little has been left in the dark in his peripheral vision seems to light up now and shine like copper in the sun. He feels alive and healthy, misses drugs less and less every day, and even feels like such mundane activities as picnics on a summer day are actually a good idea.
Irene raises her head. Her eyes are red and moist.
He leaves a comment on the blog criticising John’s inability to come up with better adjectives. He hears John’s phone bling in the kitchen, a ruffle of fabric and John’s amused huff as he reads Sherlock’s comment.
Stretching his feet in front of himself, John sits down next to him, stretches his arms behind his back to lean his weight against them and closes his eyes against the warm sunshine.
“What were their names?”
The sun had almost set now, the horizon red and golden like on fire.
Now well
It’s an old woman. An old, terrified blind woman with a Semtex vest.
Easy peasy.
John is showering, and Sherlock presses his face against the door and pretends he is just a little bit closer.
Lestrade inches closer and stands behind his chair.
“I mean,” John continued, his voice stammering slightly at Mr Holmes’ intense glare, “with all due respect, sir, your brother is right. I can’t imagine how anything we are able to do alone in an unknown location couldn’t be done more efficiently here.”
“But it hasn’t been proven, you know,” John continues.
Sherlock yawned luxuriously. Watson had clearly not slept, and the sergeant seemed to be falling asleep on the spot. After seven hours of driving in the dark and the rain, sleeping with his head drooping against his chin, even Sherlock felt like he could use a proper bed. The sight of the sea peeking over the horizon was more than inviting.
“You’re a bit like my dad. He’s dead.”
“People in his condition are often paranoid. I am given to understand that he thought he was working for the government and got mixed up with an operative.”
The only readable piece of text was a sentence at the very end, perhaps written down right after John had been wounded and left to recover in a military hospital before being shipped back to England, perhaps right before his mother died or perhaps right after, perhaps during another event Sherlock knew nothing about.
He has been glued to the television ever since he came down in the morning and has barely said two whole sentences to Sherlock.
John’s steps are still unsure, wide and shaky, made almost comical by his large baby bottom. Sherlock holds his hands and moves carefully backwards while John tries to walk forwards, staring intently at his feet. It reminds Sherlock of Mycroft and the dance lessons he took with a girl not much older than him. Mycroft had stared at his feet too, scared to death that he would step on the girl’s toes and make her hate him.
“Followed? No, why would anyone follow me? Sherlock, what ---?”
the next day. Secondly, he would miss a night of sleeping next to John
It sounded harsher than he had meant it, his voice like barbed wire in the calm of the morning.
He must be faking it extremely well, for John does not say a word, does not even look at him weirdly but lives on like he hasn’t killed a man for Sherlock, flirts with cashiers at Tesco’s and with dog walkers in Regent’s Park.
John had not bothered him with questions in the morning, though he must have heard him tossing and turning. Sherlock had learned he was not the sort of man to pry, keeping others’ secrets and in turn expecting them to keep his.
Sherlock doesn’t look at him.
“I swear to Christ, Sherlock!” he bellows. “I will kill that son of a bitch if you don’t get up from your arse right this second and ---“
“You’re not so bad,” she admits before she sits him down at the desk to take a look at the stolen email full of codes.
Molly turns up to work one morning, glowing and smiling and blushing as John takes one look at her, winks and goes to hug her. Sherlock looks confused as Molly exits through the door to go find some tissues even though she is still smiling.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asks.
The old smirk was back, lit up this time by genuine joy, but also a kind of devilish enjoyment.
John waited until he had pulled on his jacket, his hands on his hips, one finger securely over the Enfield. He turned and opened the door, taking a careful look around before stepping out, his left hand now hovering rigidly over the holster.
John rummaged in the cupboard for the bottle of whiskey. It burned and made Sherlock cough, the second swig going down more smoothly and settling as a warm weight in his stomach.
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft Holmes’ voice boomed from across the room, startling him again. “Please close the door.”
Save file.
John looks like he is contemplating for a moment before saying “No”, and going back to his paper.
But there’s nothing else.
Sherlock has refused any kind of group meetings, only agreeing to meet with Doctor Mortimer in private in her office because otherwise she would hunt him down in the garden again, or in his room. He feels better to have her destroy any kind of mental association he has to oriental carpets and grand fireplaces rather than the peace and freedom he still finds in nature.
“How are you, Victor?”
“Oh, but we both know that’s not quite true.”
“It’s a cold case, give it up already!” Anderson groans as he pulls a chair over to sit next to Victor.
John won’t be home until next week, ample time to let the wound heal somewhat. He can always keep a shirt on or if absolutely necessary make up a story of a case he got from his website and had to go solve on his own.
“Oh my god, John! Behind you!”
Her hair is in a loose bun, skirt and jumper covering a lot more than the dressing gown had the last time he saw her.
“Just in time for the English Department cocktails. The cock was mine, the tail belonged to a lovely young thing with a passion for Eliot.”
“I know.”
“You want something for that?”
She is pretending not to know, she is in on it with John.
She was sleeping with the head of GC&CS, a small man with a giant ego and eager to boost it by slipping his hand under the skirt of every woman working under him.
Sherlock had made his way into John’s dreams before, a distant figure somewhere at the edge of his consciousness, always there, never close enough. Slowly, so slowly, he had edged closer and closer though, until four nights after the attack he was there, in John’s arms, bleeding, gasping, staring up at John’s blood-smeared face, eyes filled with tears and mouth open, always screaming the same thing.
Spot on, that.
“No, you really wouldn’t.”
But he has been to Sarah’s.
John lay in bed, browsing the details of the murder, occasionally making notes of something interesting, while Sherlock stood stock still in front of his wall.
“Oi, you two! Stop that before Sally sprains something!”
With that he says goodnight and climbs up the stairs to his room.
“Really? How can you tell? How can you tell he is not another fantasy? Created by your petty little mind because you needed someone to care for, to care for
“He’s lovely. No wonder you like having him around,” Jim says, lowering his mouth towards John’s ear as if to suck on the earlobe.
He snickers.
John makes two mugs of pulp free tea and sits down at the table to listen Sherlock talk about his day. There has not been a case (which is bad), but there hasn’t been Mycroft either (which is good).
,” Sherlock corrects.
John’s grin widens and he leans in to kiss the tip of Sherlock’s nose before stroking his back and turning to the door. The stupid smile still in place, he blows Sherlock a kiss and closes the door behind himself.
Sherlock thinks of his brother, the cool and calm exterior, the coldness that seemingly lives in his heart. The warmth of his much larger hand in his, clutching at it securely until they have turned round the corner of the street and the noises of the school yard have died out. Then he would loosen his hold, but he would only release his hand to dig the key from his school bag, then take a hold of it again to lead Sherlock to the kitchen where their afternoon snack was waiting for them.
At least for a while.
It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault, not really. It wasn’t his fault that the bric-a-brac on the table included a priceless pearl necklace stolen from a duchess’s bedroom some months back and which had found its way to Baker Street by pure accident. The thief had obviously tried to hide his loot. The hiding spot ended up being a stuffed alligator, an incredibly rare stuffed alligator. Which belonged to a professor the thief was working for. Who happened to be very good friends with Sherlock and had promised the alligator to him when he died. Which happened very conveniently some weeks after the break-in. And while the thief hadn’t had the chance to get his hands on the alligator after he stuffed it full of pearls, Sherlock stumbled upon them by accident two days after receiving his gift.
“Since we are now lovers, we should play this game naked.”
“Go to bed. I’ll watch over you.”
However, it took over an hour and a half more to find the small path leading to the cabin and they had to slow their speed down to a minimum in order to keep the cars steady on the road. Finally, when the sergeant stopped the car in front of a small fishing hut and Sherlock jumped out of his seat, his legs almost gave out and he staggered forward helplessly. A pair of firm arms grabbed him around the waist.
If he could only pick himself up from the floor.
The darkness seemed to swallow him here, under the giant trees that would probably have covered the moon itself even if it would come out from behind the clouds. Even the stars were hidden and Sherlock could not see his hand in front of his face.
Jim leans in to murmur in his ear,
He tried to even his breathing, tried to remember what he used to do in these situations, what he had been taught to do, what he had taught others.
A fight in the middle of their date, a Chinese smuggling ring kidnapping and almost killing her and John does not scare Sarah away (though the last one makes Sherlock’s heart jump into his throat). She stays in the vicinity, allows John to stay over every once in a while but always makes him sleep on the sofa or the lilo. This apparently makes them friends, because John starts to date again and so in turn Sherlock returns to the Yard and to Bart’s, stays out as much as possible and always turns round and walks out if John happens to be wearing his date shoes.
“Look at that rack!” Anderson pants.
But he could have this, a happy ending. He has already had to live through the sad one, make John live through it as well. They have suffered enough.
Then Sherlock gets her text proclaiming she is not dead and still wants to have dinner. He barely sees the text when he opens it. John’s ‘I’m not actually gay,’ ringing in his head he turns round and walks out of the building.
He can continue to dodge the boring case of another lost civil servant or something equally dull for a while longer.
) times the amount of caffeine needed to overcome the nightmares of the previous night which equals at least four cups based on the tossing and turning Sherlock has heard through his bedroom ceiling, it made perfect sense that John would use his favourite mug first thing in the morning and find the note inside. It didn’t cross his mind that John half asleep would probably not check for pieces of paper inside the crockery.
John just chuckles.
“Excellent place this. Lots of alcohol the moment you come in, every floor buzzing with pretty mollies still so innocent and sweet in their fantasy that the big boys came here to study.”
He is so afraid to look, but he raises his eyes again.
Whose aim – thank god – was not too good to begin with and which had been reduced significantly by him being off his meds, out of breath and scared pantless by everything and everyone.
“The patisserie.”
“He gave us Paris at least. Small mercies.”
There is a hand on his thigh and he is still not opening his eyes.
“I could teach you,” he offers.
“Here,” he tosses the bag of cashews to Sherlock, “save the rice. I’ll just lie here a while more.”
on Wednesday.”
He slammed a briefcase on the table and pulled out a manila folder which he handed to John.
He smirks at John, but John doesn’t respond to the smile, only looks at Sherlock quickly and stays quiet.
He took a staggering breath, leaning his forehead against the
The address she sent the phone to.
But the youngest was Sherlock’s pet, and he the only one she allowed near herself apart from her mother.
There was nothing to look for. Everything but the journal was out in the open, everything John owned either rested on the table or was in a pile next to his bed. He had not hung photos on the walls, nor did he have any in his wallet. During the two days they had spent together, he had not told a single funny anecdote about a family member or his comrades in the army.
It takes Sherlock a second to hear the cabbie shout they’ve arrived, and when he does, he stumbles to open the door and let John in as fast as he can so he won’t get wet. John climbs in, accidentally sits on Sherlock’s hand, chuckles softly as he apologises. Sherlock’s cheeks go scarlet, he mutters the address to the cabbie and retreats to the opposite corner of the taxi.
He can think again.
Sherlock smirks.
“Thank you.”
“I got the cab number.”
Two weeks later, after several mysterious explosions have filled the newspapers with screaming headlines of dozens of lives lost, dozens of victims lying dead under the rubble that can’t be cleared away before another explosion takes twice the amount of lives in a different part of the city. Two weeks later Sherlock stands in front of a collage of photos, newspaper articles and police reports in the sitting room, brain whirring with information, eyes scanning the papers stapled to the wall. He listens to the clock tick in the kitchen and counts the seconds to the inevitable, when Jim is going to blow up more people.
Continuing lack of cases would most likely drive John to tear his (and Sherlock’s) hair out in clumps. But today John has had a good night’s sleep and a good day at work, and he is ready to face altogether hale and hearty Sherlock with whatever he may have to offer. Sherlock, too, has had a good day at the Yard pestering Lestrade and even getting a few teeth grinds from Anderson. He returns to Baker Street in good humour and is greeted by a flying crosswords puzzle. So he has something to do for the remainder of the evening, says John who hopes that finishing the puzzle and mocking him for the mistakes he has made will keep Sherlock quiet and himself from shucking anything harder than a paper at him.
John is so small, so blue, so freezing, and Sherlock begins to breathe life back into him, praying inside his head that this is not the only time he gets to kiss him.
John looked at him over his shoulder, face covered with shaving cream, a towel thrown over his right shoulder, the left one and his chest bare all the way to his waist.
When Mrs Hudson comes to see what the ruckus is about, she first sees Sherlock at the stove, upending a whole 500 gram bag of cashews into a pot and then John, partly hidden by the kitchen table and the chairs, screaming and laughing at him from the floor.
Blinking through the tears (it stings to have your eye attacked by a piece of folded paper) Sherlock can see that John is smiling mischievously, so he throws a pillow at him. John goes down on the armchair with an
John grabbed the handle and pulled the door open.
“But then again, he’s the one with three times the brain and even less of a heart than I do.”
He doesn’t say a word.
Hunger is the fourth feeling to take over when John comes home from a long day at work and even longer night chasing Sherlock around London, and he sees Sherlock at the table licking the lid of the half-litre pot of extra vanilla John reserved as breakfast for himself but didn’t have time to eat. This time there’s also anger, the yoghurt is yanked away from Sherlock’s fingers and half of it accidentally poured on the rug when Sherlock reacts like he has expected the whole time for John to want his treat back, half too slow, half just in time, his hand slips and they stare at the mess on the floor before John stomps out and to the nearest shop.
He doesn’t really hear Lestrade’s question on why the hell he has a text alert noise like that, and half misses the fact that John has been counting the texts Irene Adler has sent him. Because the text says ‘Mantelpiece’, and there is a box the colour of her lipstick sitting on it.
Wondering why Sherlock was blabbering instead of explaining in his usual fifteen-miles-a-second way (and still not letting go of his head), John allowed himself to be manhandled without any fuss, concentrating on remembering how to breathe normally now that he was out of the hellish box. He didn’t mind though. Both Sherlock’s fingers and his calming voice made it a lot easier to fight off the panic and just slip comfortably into a haze.
They find Lestrade from the door where he is talking with the Chief Superintendent. He looks surprised by who Sherlock has with him but at John’s easy expression and relaxed body language he turns back and introduces the two to his boss.
With each sentence, he thumped his fist down on his desk.
“I’ll just have to put them between your legs to warm them up.”
Sherlock drained his mug and held it out for John to take, silently asking for more.
“Gentlemen, my office is at your disposal. You won’t be disturbed here.”
“Molly has told me so much about you. You working on one of your cases?”
Then a needle is pressed into his arm, followed by a small cotton pad wiping at the skin, soft, familiar, John has used them so many times to clean little cuts on his skin.
“And you like policemen?” John asks casually, like they are talking about the weather instead of sexual fantasies.
“Knew it was dangerous,” he notes.
“What the bloody hell was that?”
The taxi drives away, and John breathes behind him,
The noises quieten down and the man leans back in slightly. As he talks he rises to his toes, balancing up carefully, stretching his back, and Sherlock’s eyes scan over him.
“It was nice meeting you,” Jim tries, looking at Sherlock hopefully.
On an evening, John comes downstairs with his shoes and the shoeshine kit in hand. Frugal man that he is, he only has a few pairs and keeps each one in spotless condition.
He wants to fix it, but the only thing he can say is something that everyone would expect to hear from him.
He swallows.
Last night, Watson had taken out his guns after dinner, cleaned and oiled them at the kitchen table while Sherlock tuned his radio equipment. Inspecting his actions, Sherlock had seen loving caresses instead of angry jabs with each swipe of cloth over metal. Watson had clearly itched to take one of the small handguns outdoors and give it a go, such reluctance had he shown when he had placed it back into its case and hung it on the wall.
Sherlock turns to look over his shoulder and stretches to see his backside.
“You’re a great man, Sherlock Holmes, and don’t you forget it,” Victor gulps down his tea.
There is a small crack in the wall behind the sink. He reaches his pinkie in and feels around. Deep enough. He looks over his shoulder and stuffs the pill inside the wall, pours the water down the drain and leaves the bathroom.
to his face.
She smells strongly of child’s hair and laundry softener, earthly and real.
The man next to him (
“My hand can come with.”
“Indeed,” he said quietly.
His voice sounds wrong. So very, very wrong.
The icy feet slither between his thighs. He presses his legs together tightly, and Sherlock’s big toe gets stuck.
Sherlock tries to struggle free from the restraints. Something moving next to Doctor Mortimer makes him freeze.
John worries about him. His eyes stay on him more than usual, and there is a deeply sad look in them. He has not said anything to remind Sherlock he is not being polite enough or what he says is not the right thing to say, not after the
Sherlock turned back to look at the sunset.
He laughs shakily.
He writes to her. She keeps close contact, describes every detail of her child’s life but never sends him pictures. He guesses it would be too intimate. She signs each of her letters the same, with a sprawling beautiful hand,
He scowls when John begins to collect his limbs and shuffle away. He starts towards the bathroom, Sherlock behind him like a shadow.
“We don’t have a
He walks in slow circles, scanning the room and stopping near the steps leading to the water.
Jim smirks.
The bodyguards step forward and reach their hands towards him.
Sherlock doesn’t apologise and John doesn’t expect him to. Instead he flies to Belarus to see a man about a case and to give John some space.
John is washing his hands, describing the colour and consistency of the suds on his fingers, when hands curl around his waist, squeeze tightly and a nose presses into his shoulder. John goes instantly into describing Sherlock’s dry hands and the way they feel on his stomach, the tickling of Sherlock’s toes against his heels, the temperature of Sherlock’s breath on his nape. He continues to describe the softness of Sherlock’s lips when he is turned around and Sherlock crowds in closer and presses a kiss on his mouth.
“Did it just ---?”
“What are we going to do with the bodies?” John asked calmly.
, out to the hall and across the landing. He can hear her shushing and cooing and generally the crying stops. A door closes quietly and she returns,
Phone still in hand, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, only feeling terror, Sherlock slumps on the carpet.
Sherlock stares.
“Four pips,” John points out, like he hasn’t yet realised this has not ended.
John sighs. Sherlock spits water and lays gasping against John’s chest, hands digging into his biceps.
Again that word,
“You have a child?” he asks horrified.
“You are searching for something alike, something to call your own, only yours and to which no one can say how you should keep it. But you won’t find what you are looking for with me.”
They are mercifully interrupted by Mrs Hudson calling for Sherlock in her motherly voice that is perfect to kill the mood. Irene Adler shuffles away with a regretful sigh. Mrs Hudson climbs upstairs, followed by the secretary who first took Sherlock to Buckingham Palace. He is taken to the airport, boards a plane full of corpses and finally it all seems to make sense until he hears the soft sinful voice sigh behind him, an elbow pushes him aside and Irene Adler is talking to Mycroft, promising to bring the nation to its knees in front of her unless she gets what she wants.
“Well, I’m sure this will cheer him up,” she says, presenting John with a breakfast tray full of porridge, eggs, toast and a huge pot of steaming tea.
They sit and drink tea, the perfect image of British hospitality. Anyone could be fooled.
He lunges to the fireplace but there is nothing, not even crumbs in his Persian slipper. He throws the shoe over his shoulder towards the door and almost hits Mrs Hudson with it.
“Shots fired. I’m going in.”
Sherlock licks the tops of pots of yoghurt. And not with long sweeps either, but with short tiny sips like a cat. Afterwards he stretches his mouth open and licks his lips several times. Again like a full-grown feline.
John apologizes fleetingly as the unfortunate man is pushed out of the way, sticks close behind two flights of stairs, down an alley, spiral staircase up (“Come on, John!” Sherlock encourages), over the chimneys and to the edge of a roof.
Next to him, John sits crouched at the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He seems shrunken, small, smaller than when Sherlock saw him last, saying he was ill, begging him to realise it wasn’t real, any of it.
“Yes, we do,” the cashier agreed too.
John, still half asleep, accepts the bags, their fingers brush, and John goes to the kettle, muttering to himself about giants. The machine starts with a hum, a cough and is soon blowing out steam like an old railway engine.
“I saw his credentials when he introduced himself to Doctor Albertson. I was standing next to him - Doctor Albertson that is - helping him with the charts, when the gentleman came in and showed his papers. Oh, he works for the government all right, but not just that. He works for
“What are you getting me for my birthday?”
His hands shake.
“John,” Doctor Mortimer interrupts him, “do
The squirming against John's heel continues. The man himself tries to straighten his posture in the chair to form a coherent thought and his foot skids a bit along Sherlock's spine.
“Why does it hurt, John?”
Sherlock looked at the gun, the setting sun gleaming from its polished steel, a curious ant inspecting the barrel.
Sherlock squints.
Sitting on their bed, Sherlock listens to John’s voice floating upstairs from the door where he is seeing Doctor Mortimer and Mycroft off. Sherlock hears her quiet pleading, she is probably squeezing John’s hands in hers.
John turns on his back to look at the curtains moving gently in the wind. Sherlock can hear his rasped breathing, a slight sniffle, and a question,
“Are you claustrophobic?” he whispered.
check. What has to be there, what they cannot explain away.
Waiting for the final pip to arrive in his voicemail is exhausting. They return to Baker Street to be more comfortable but the cold air breezing in between the cardboard that has been used to temporarily fix the broken windows make Sherlock feel alert and soon enough he is climbing up the walls in his frustration. John sits him down in his chair and shoves the remote control at him. In a few minutes, he is regretting this when Sherlock finds an inane late night talk show and begins to scream at the telly.
Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock flinches.
The reply came instantly.
Sherlock ignored him.
She leaned over John and patted Sherlock’s hand.
He watches his guest’s gaze sweep from wall to wall. Suddenly he is scared to death that his brother has lapsed again, has the route to the nearest A&E mapped out ready in his head in case he goes to an anaphylactic shock, when Sherlock opens his mouth,
“But then again,” he continues, “people do get sentimental about their pets.”
Speaking of which...
John has suddenly been appearing on every crime scene Sherlock has been invited to as well, and every time Sherlock makes a deduction, John expresses his admiration with another praise and makes him blush.
“Cigarette?” he asks.
Knowing Sherlock, he has probably hid himself in a cleaning cupboard and is sitting on a bucket in the dark.
“That place at the base of a person’s throat. The hollow. Does it have an official name?”
On a morning, he has his voice back but still sounds more like Donald Duck.
John who was currently floating on his back in the sea, his underwear clinging to his lower half, muscles gleaming wet and sparkling in the sun.
Sherlock is asleep on the sofa, the end of his dressing gown flapping in the gentle breeze blowing through the open window. Even though it’s December, the flat feels boiling and John has opened all the windows to let a cross-draught to rustle through it and roll out all the dust balls that have been hiding under and behind the furniture.
Mr Hartley took off his thick-rimmed glasses and rubbed his eyes. He looked very tired all of a sudden.
After the United Nations published a Joint Declaration describing the extermination of Jews in Nazi camps John barely moved from the radio, listening to every piece of information the monotonic male voice would give him, still barely eating, not moving even to go to bed at night but falling asleep by the radio.
“I am glad our meetings have not completely passed your notion.”
A year later he is not yet sure what love is, but he guesses it must have something to do with why he feels he never wants to let go of John Watson’s small hands either, why he feels he
“That’s how I knew you cared. You came to see me, even though it must have made you mad with boredom, doing nothing all day for weeks on end.”
“Yes, I did!” he snarled. “I was able to read the list just as well as you were!”
“You are in my spot.”
The clock on the wall struck five, and still John moved his hands over Sherlock’s skin, talking quietly to himself, eyes bright and focused.
“Bloody Gytrash,” he threw himself back in the grass and tickled Sherlock’s thigh.
“When I was three,” Sherlock whispered back, “I was at my cousin’s birthday party and four of the older boys locked me inside a chest. It was a big house, lots of rooms, and the chest was in a storage room at the back of the house. One of the boys sat on it and started to kick the side.”
They place everything on the bedside table and on the floor, and Mrs Hudson whispers into John’s ear, “I put a little something something in the tea, dearie. Makes him feel better every time he has a cold.”
He pricks up his ears, but nothing, no one is there. Sitting on their bed facing the door, he lowers his gaze in fear of seeing Jim or Harriet again, being left alone with them, free for them to torment him as they please.
Because he didn’t know.
“Have you told Harry?”
Back at Baker Street, John disappears into the bathroom and Sherlock hears water running. He has timed John’s average showering speed before and this time it takes three times the 12 minutes it usually does.
Sherlock smirks evilly.
Sherlock looks puzzled. The liver has begun to drip on the floor. John stares at it and waits for it to sprout tentacles. Or teeth. Or both.
“Mycroft will take care of it. He’ll send someone.”
people. So petty, so ordinary. Would be better to just blow them all up ---“
Sherlock sneezes on him.
“And why would you sleep in just a sheet? You always sleep in your pyjamas.”
Six months, and Sherlock comes home to find Irene Adler asleep in his bed, content in the safety Baker Street provides in a city where round any corner a threat might be lurking.
Sherlock gulps.
“You think so?”
Mycroft drives him to the hospital, his face calm and his voice steady, it’s only a broken leg after all. But Sherlock can see his knuckles are white from squeezing the wheel and he cannot help but think that maybe Mycroft knows more than he does. The car has barely stopped before he is already out, running through the halls and demanding anyone and everyone to tell him right now which room John is in.
“I told you leaving your scarf home at this time of year is dangerous.”
Sherlock blushes and tries to hide his smile into a mutter.
“Wanted to surprise you,” John says. “Thought it would be a nice birthday present.”
“You want wheat or wholegrain?” asked John.
The next day on the train back to London, hiding behind his phone Sherlock peers at John’s sleeping form on the seat opposite. He is snoring lightly, head thrown back uncomfortably, but he is relaxed enough to sleep in public, trusting enough to have accepted the cup of horrendous tea Sherlock bought him on the train (and drinking it without pointedly inspecting the Styrofoam cup for possible signs of poisoning before taking a sip), comfortable enough to have giggled into his tea when Sherlock started deducing the other passengers in the carriage.
John grins against his mouth.
“I’m not your employer.”
She’s back to John, speaking with that low purr that seems to be her business voice.
The nurse left with a wink, and Sherlock sat down on the bed. He watched John eat the soup, then dug his finger into it to have a taste.
Perkins decides for him. With a toothy grin, he pulls out a small hand grenade and so the last thing he sees is a look of absolute shock on Sherlock’s face.
He looked down again, only to see the blare of the scar on John’s shoulder stare back at him.
, was the next, very obvious item.
Mycroft had hated it, the constant pitter-patter of feet, the chattering of voices, and had escaped it as soon as he could.
There is something more in the wrinkles though. Something Sherlock didn’t take into count. There is an extra line surrounding both sides of Victor’s lips, lines that can only be acquired through experience and understanding of living with the realities of the world.
There are times though, very few of them, when he doesn’t think about the phone at all. For instance, in early January, right after they have found out she is actually alive, John falls in through the thin ice covering the Thames.
“He died when I was five.”
“My thermometer, love. It’s in your pocket.”
It's been so long since I've read anything or written anything and I feel my English has jumped out of the window. I hated writing this chapter because I was so sure I would miss a date or misunderstand a detail and dishonour the whole horrible history that is Holocaust and WWII and what they did to so many innocent people.
“What --- Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be?” John asks confused.
“You do know the term ‘molly’ is basically dead,” Sherlock says and opens another notebook.
have seen it! With that level of grooming I’m surprised he doesn’t just tattoo ‘gay’ on his forehead.”
Sherlock’s blush deepens and he laughs quietly.
and it’s gone.
John backs up several paces, his jaw set and his hands that just a moment ago were crossed over his chest now back to clenching into fists by his sides.
He has no idea where this is going.
“Where are we going?”
“Please, John. I’ve done something really stupid and I have to fix it now. But I can’t do it with you here. You’ll be in too much danger. Just pack your back, call a cab and drive to Lestrade’s. I’ll explain everything later.”
“Wait a moment, please!”
“Yesterday. Stop!” Sherlock yells. What an interesting patch of grass.
Murray appeared again and led him down the corridor to the sitting room. Realising his wife would not be happy to have her sofa soaking wet, he took John’s coat and draped it over a chair before sitting down.
“Cornwall.”
He had come in, seen Sherlock with his eyebrows singed off, his face black and his hair a sooty mess.
“This is not my war, Mycroft.”
Peer.
John turned to look at him.
“Sherlock?”
“Not even with John?”
“Going to battle, John! Need the right armour!”
“But I am, aren’t I?” Sherlock points out. “It’s been scientifically proven several times.”
Worry for John.
“I hope you’ll be very happy together,” he says and gets up from his chair.
One dead museum security guard, one
Now he sounds mockingly hurt.
The fingers moved to his neck, stroked the curls that had grown long.
An hour later, he is crouched in an alley, the tourniquet pulled tight around his arm, the sweet burn of the drug coursing through his veins, the woman’s words like fire inside his belly, incinerating his insides worse than any narcotic.
But he has spoken, it’s a good thing. No matter how hurtful the words may be, Sherlock deserves it now. He has hurt John by not telling him everything. He never thought that if John found out about the texts he would take it as lack of trust on Sherlock’s part. He never thought John would assume Sherlock didn’t trust him.
“Sherlock?”
“Gentlemen,” Mr Holmes said, handing them both a piece of paper, “welcome to Operation
She had danced with Sherlock too, lifted him up to her arms and swung him around the room, her laughter streaming out of her mouth like soap bubbles. Sherlock was quite certain he had loved her. He brought her a flower once from one of his mother’s cherished flower beds. When she found out why she was one flower short, she could not be mad at him. She only thought it cute that her little Sherlock had a crush.
, John!”
John felt he had got a good kick in there somewhere, most likely on Sherlock’s arse. It gave him immense satisfaction, but not enough to reduce the pain of hitting his head on the floor and now lying on the cold tiles instead of on the cot.
He chuckles but as they walk through the open office space, John eyes catch the eyes of several familiar officer’s and his gaze flicks towards a familiar door that leads to his old quarters. His face grows grim and he stares at the floor until they are out of the building.
“This is what it’s all been for, hasn’t it? All your little puzzles, making me dance.”
“What?” Sherlock repeats.
Sherlock couldn’t help it, but smiled too. Shyly, like he had done when they had first met.
John kisses her cheek quickly, wishes her good night, promises that the tap dancing will end immediately and rushes after Sherlock.
“This is a good one, I know it. Five murders, suspected suicides, all dead from a handgun, nothing linking the victims. Better than ‘Study in Pink’!”
