Now he was trying to figure out how to break this news to the alpha without revealing that he was putting himself in one last dangerous situation to get Cas out of harm's way for good. And 'let's mate, or we'll die' didn't seem to be a good choice of words for that.
Six months, in which Cas decided he could no longer live in the big silent house, that would always remind Mia of not being allowed to laugh and the darkness in the lower floor. As he brought up the topic of moving on some Saturday family meeting, Jo and Dean decided with a look, that they could stay in the spare bedroom as long as they wanted to.
He had to tell someone. Of course, Dean always seemed like the guy, that never talked about feelings, that was too manly and strong to admit them, but Dean really needed somebody to listen and give him some advice.
Well, all right, whatever then. I pray to you, angel Castiel, Dean thought.
At first, he didn't see anything unusual. There were his normal weapons, some riffles his dad had used for hunting and a collection of knives his brother had gathered during his childhood. They were perfectly aligned, and if anyone ever opened this secret trunk he would be in jail before he could say 'demon'.
"Oh god, I'm so sorry Dean, I didn't mean to," the alpha stammered and seemingly tried to separate their bodies a little, at which the omega in Dean whimpered. Fucking whimpered.
“Yeah and she is perfectly healthy and looks exactly like a human baby on the ultrasound,” Glynn said with a warm smile. “Do you wanna see a picture?” All three of them nodded, and Dean couldn’t suppress to grin at the angel at his side, who mirrored his expression. Was Cas actually a little bit excited about having a child and even of sharing this with Dean? There was so much shit in their lives, that the hunter didn’t dare to believe it but he really wanted to.
“Is everything okay,” Cas asked, concern sweeping thickly into his voice.
Dean nodded in the Phone. “Yeah, now that you say it, I was too much occupied with worrying about Cas loading all this shit on his shoulders to think about his wife. Do you think it’s possible to help her?” He started to feel a little bit guilty for not having thought about that earlier. If she never got out of her room and always wanted silence and the darkness Dean had seen when he came for Cas on Saturday, she was probably also living a shitty life.
"So, what is this thing my dad stole again?" Dean asked to buy them some time to figure out a plan, but everything he thought of meant that he had to rely on Crowley. And he hated to rely on people.
Dean nodded into the pasta and closed his eyes. He should keep his feelings in check.
All the guilt and pain and hate were still inside of him, but he couldn’t let the bitterness sweep over him with the prospect of his family in front of him. Not this time.
“And if you really had… intercourse with that lady,” the angel started and seemed to look anywhere in the close distance but at Dean, “than I must have also been there and that means the child is not human.”
The sound of his brother clearing his throat was what got Dean out of his trance. He hadn't even noticed he had been staring at his own door until now.
"Wait, wait, wait, why would you need a deal with Crowley to get out? You don't owe him anything." Dean just looked at his ceiling for a second. "And, I mean, it's your decision, but don't you think Cas would tell you if he didn't want the whole mate thing since it's probably either in or out with true mates." Dean had no time to laugh at his brother's word choice.
“It’s perfect,” Jo laughed with a tear in her eye, gently bouncing William in her arms who fell asleep after being fed. She had complained about the weird hormones, that still hadn’t left her body, but the doctors had said that it was completely natural this way. That didn’t mean she had to like it, though.
„Dean, you know I don’t require sleep.“ The angel said it in such a deadpan and irritated voice that the hunter had to suppress his laughter and saw Sammy doing the same through the back-mirror.
“The Nephilim, or for that matter all born supernatural creatures, can detect the life outside of the womb from a very early stage of the pregnancy on.” He seemed to be taking a bit of pain away from the curled-up woman in front of him, but it seemed to exhaust him if his tired eyes were any indication. Dean frowned.
And then Dean couldn’t concentrate on it anymore, because Cas closed the door and now stood very close to him, lightly touching him, chest to chest on the side that wasn’t carrying Mia.
As soon as the woman gave him the address, scribbled neatly on a piece of paper, the omega tried to bolt out of the shop. Outside he needed a few attempts to type the address in his phone since his hands were shaking badly. Maybe he should have brought his gun.
“It's not her blood”, the angel said, looking down into the car, and it almost seemed that he was nervous. Suddenly the same feeling came forcefully back to Dean with a drop of his stomach. Their daughter. Their relationship. How was he gonna find the courage to say it.
But he didn’t want to purr. This guy knew who he was and that the police was probably searching for him, so he shouldn’t stand around and talk with him but go.
Cas frowned. “But you think it’s normal to call a child just ‘kid’?” he asked angrily, quotation marks and all. “Both ways have their impersonality, you’ll have to admit.”
The hunter was standing now and cleaning his hands on his pants as he saw, that a decision was being made, written right across the angel’s face.
Dean blinked a few times, questioning, if Cas had really heard what he had said and then passed the information on to his brother. The latter nodded once and after some sneaking and breaking open a church door, they were crouched behind the door of the priest changing room.
“Okay, what-“ the hunter began but was cut of. “Dean, before you say anything, I want to remind you, that you woke up in your motel bed that night and didn’t remember how you got there. Maybe she is not that crazy,” Cas reasonably voiced and Dean wanted to admit that, but that would have meant, that the woman was pregnant with his kid and that was… that…
The arrival at the bunker was quiet. So far nobody had followed them and everything was as they had left it, so the older Winchester left it to Sam to give a house tour, while he cooked a healthy, pregnant woman approved meal.
Entering the war room and seeing the people who were embracing each other made Dean widen his grin even more. Maybe the prospect of having a baby soon changed him, but he was happy to see the others and wanted to actually show this to them.
“Not necessarily,” Cas answered and his arm brushed Dean’s as he shifted, what made the hunter impossible aware of this particular body part. “Heaven is very unorganized these days. I don’t even think there are a lot of angels left, but those who are, don’t have a strong connection to each other.”
“So, my family is friends with this other family since… ever, or something and they always sit together in church and stuff. Therefore, naturally, their oldest son married my only sister when I was only eleven years old, what merged our families officially.”
"Yeah, am fine," Dean managed to answer and tried to get up on shaky legs, but the bus driver stopped him.
He saw one chance for Sammy to get out and took it. The knife he had just dropped was lying next to his left foot, with which he kicked it forcefully. This got him a claw in his shoulder, but he could see Sam taking the knife, ramming it into the werewolf in front of him and running out of the door before the body had even dropped.
“How are you doing?” Sam asked Jo behind him. She was at the end of the third month already and if one looked at the right angle, one could see a tiny bump. Dean and she hadn’t had any sexual contact since they knew she was pregnant, but they liked to cuddle more than often and Dean loved to caress her belly.
Entering the bar, Dean looked around to find the girl from the alien club. He had seen her entering and wanted to find out more about this Michael guy and other weird things of this town. And maybe he wanted to have a moment of peace from his brother.
“Thank you,” he whispered to an exhausted but contend looking Jo. This would have never been possible without her, and he was eternally grateful for whatever made her stick with him.
“You’re hurt,” he whispered and gently placed two fingers on the others forehead. Before the hunter could protest, a warm tingling sensation flooded through him and the pain faded away. In return, Cas suddenly looked tired and kind of slumped a little bit against Dean, who kind of caught him and set him back on his feet. And if that did worry and warm up the hunter, it was nobody’s but his own business.
As his eyes averted to the darkness of his room, he saw a big cut in the raw cement of his wall, that continued over the ceiling and down the opposite wall. The protection sigils of the room were broken.
Deans head swam. Of course, it was logical in its own way but that only worked if you believed the stuff with the true mates was, well, true.
He turned around slowly, noticing the scent first, which was still as amazing as it had been a week ago. It infiltrated his brain like a drug he hadn’t known he was addicted to. Then he stared into bright blue eyes, and it was as if the world around them had paused for a moment, just like it had during the robbery. At least he wasn’t on the floor this time.
'They came into our house and threatened to get full custody for Anna if I didn't come with them to this meeting. They said they have people everywhere.' Cas eyes were wide with fear, and the omega really didn't like to see him in this situation. Or, like, in any kind of dangerous situation.
Even Cas looked irritated at him at that. “Dean, you do remember that we researched about them for a long time”, he said in this tone he used when he thought the hunter was just pretending to be stupid and he didn't get the joke.
He got a permanent marker from the car and with the help of Cas drew fast but efficient the Enochian sigil. He also scribbled another one, because Cas wasn’t sure how powerful the angels could have been and he had only used the first one when he had been human for a while. The reminder of that brought up a wave of guilt, that Dean had thought to be over with and he swallowed it down quickly.
They found her as the heir of some weird, hippie witches clan, that mostly relied on vegan sources for their spells, but was also aware of their fellow specie’s work. Of course, she didn’t want to talk to them at first. Dean would also not want to talk to her if the roles were reversed; he liked his life mostly witch free.
Next, they had to find a house and after finally calling Sammy and telling him about the changes in his life, Dean wanted nothing more than to live next to his little brother. They hadn’t met often in the last two years or something and settling down was a good opportunity to change that.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sam asked and sounded a little bit wounded. Regarding, that Dean normally wasn’t silent about his love-, well sex-life, the sound to his voice was kind of understandable.
“Nobody will use my daughter in any way,” Dean almost shouted because apart from the lightning, a sudden wind had picked up.
“That’s your name?” the girl asked and the hunter nodded looking her into the eyes. This was going to be a lot to explain.
A little pang of envy seared through the older Winchesters emotional channel, because he, as a human, that never learned to speak Enochian fluently, felt a little bit excluded from the conversation. But the hunter would never admit that.
Dean laughed at the other man’s puzzled expression. “It’s my job,” Dean explained and got into the driver seat. As Cas closed his door, he smiled a little at Dean, what brought the latter’s heartbeat in a strange rhythm. He really needed to control his reactions, if he wanted to woo Cas systematically.
“What’s wrong?” His hair was so trousled that his older brother wanted to laugh, but they didn't have time for that.
Dean only nodded but it seemed to be enough for the other. The older Winchester took out his phone and texted a short message to his brother saying something like: You need to come over to the flat.
What he saw took the air out of his lungs.
“You think we can help her with that?” a small voice asked after some time of trembling in the others embrace. “I remember that she has a sister, Hannah, whom she was close with before we moved here. I could call her.”
"Dean Winchester," Zachariah exclaimed as he straightened himself as if he hadn't expected him. Crowley looked rather grim, being held in check by guns but Dean couldn't find Benny and hoped he had stayed home.
He almost ran to Cas door but didn’t know how to proceed from that on. He felt itchy in his skin as if this was something important. Like he had felt the night his mom died or the day Sam went away for college and everything Dean was left with was his alcoholic dad.
There were tears in her eyes, and Dean could feel his wet cheeks as well. Whatever he had done wrong at any point in his life, this moment was definitively worth it.
“He looks… differently at you since he stays more, or maybe I just now noticed because he stayed more…” the hunter trailed off and stared at a point left of Dean’s head. “He also seems to laugh more at your ridiculous jokes.”
To get themselves ready, Dean took Glynn’s left hand, while Sam was still rubbing her back on the other side. She only had her shirt on, but none of the men seemed to care. The older hunter noticed, that the blanket beneath the soon-to-be mother of his child was wet and a little red and shot a panicked look at his brother.
She looked alert but not as if she was in discomfort, and Dean fully activated his hunter senses to figure out what had awoken him. Then he heard it again.
“I am saying,” Sam took a deep intake and made himself smaller, or at least tried, that Sasquatch, “that I think, Cas feelings for you have started to go beyond friendship. And I’m not implying something.” He raised his hands as if to hold Dean of if necessary, or maybe as if to surrender. “I just think you should probably talk to him, especially regarding your upcoming parenthood together and regarding that he will stay here for longer times now and…”
"What do I do," the omega all but whispered into his phone. He had never felt so defeated in his life.
Team free will (with one body less) investigates the church and then Dean investigates a bar. A little bit of action occurs after somebody disappears.
"The amount of recorded true mates has gone down over the centuries, and it is to be warned to believe and omega, yeah, whatever." There was a long silence afterwards, in which Deans panic slowly started to increase. This was precisely what had happened. But it sounded as if Castiel had no other choice but to get mated to him and that was a fate, nobody should be burdened with. Hell, what happened to free will after all?
"Nah, it's alright," the omega said because he didn't know what else to do under the intense stare of the other. Did the guy even blink for once?
Mate.
Cas just bluntly said: “No, I’m very sure you are not,” and Dean almost chuckled. But it was not the time, nor was he a man to chuckle. They needed to concentrate. They needed to think about how to raise the most wanted kid on earth, heavens and what else there was. They needed to overcome their problems and find some short-timed peace.
“Oh, he told me to watch the woman, as I did and let him take over, when the time has come. Do you think I’m some kind of prophet or something?” he asked, and the brothers lifted their eyebrows.
“Hi, er, I‘m Agent Taylor, if you don’t remember and this is my partner-“
"Had your second told you," Zack addressed a confused looking Crowley, "that he had gotten himself a little mate just recently? I couldn't believe it either when I heard it's my beloved nephew here. I've always had big plans for him."
These stupid feelings really needed to stop.
They agreed on a weekend in two weeks from that point and Dean already planned on what he would cook and if he should bake a pie for that occasion. Lucky for him he had an angel advising him and even if the other couldn’t really taste the food that was given to him, he knew everything about where it came from and what other people said about it.
"Why- why would he do that?" Dean asked feeling as if they were driving towards a cliff. He tried to straighten himself up a little more but the morphine he had taken earlier was starting to kick in. Cas seemed to take a deep breath to prepare himself of what he was going to say next.
“Do you by any chance remember where she ist staying at?” Sammy asked, and the man laughed.
I personally favourize Gives You Hell from the All-American Rejects as a theme song for Crowley, but I'm open for other suggestions :D
Castiel’s face lightened noticeably at Deans words and Dean really wanted to keep it that way. “I can look at it tomorrow and if necessary, take it to my shop three blocks away. Do you need to get to work tomorrow?”
A pained scream shook Dean out of his thoughts. Right. There was no time.
They kept on talking about Sam’s life until Dean thought it was time to check on his pregnant wife and go to bed. Since she was pregnant and had to stay mostly at home for the last months, they were both a little bit on the edge, feeling that it was getting serious now.
“Dean,” it was Jo an she sounded shaken and weirdly calm at the same time. “I got up to get a glass of water and well, you know, at first I thought I peed myself, but… erm, the water broke. I don’t know what you are doing right now, but you should probably come over again.”
After Cas got in and closed the door, Dean tried to ease the tension a little bit by saying: “Hey, Cas, you nervous?” Of course, Cas reacted differently than Dean thought and instead of shrugging and denying it, he let out a silent chuckle.
He wanted to believe that they looked badass, their group of fully armed people, entering an abandoned warehouse at night, walking like they had nothing to lose. But of course, they weren't more than a group of ants to the angels, just a mere inconvenience in the grand scheme of things. And one of them was definitely limping, not to say who, but... Still, they were all clad in black, Crowley with his dark suit looking like a literal demon, as they approached the only enlightened part of the room.
"What's wrong, Dean?" Damn, the silence had probably been stretching for too long.
"I'm gonna make coffee," Sam announced after a few seconds of Dean staring into Cas eyes. They didn't do that often, did they?
And he was drop-dead gorgeous.
“So are you… are you going to stay for this?” the hunter started and licked his lips. This was as always not what he effectively wanted to say, but he hoped Cas understood. “I mean, no matter, what big evil comes, what guilt over things that have to be done, you will come back to her?”
“You got yourself quite a boy toy there,” Crowley uttered under his breath towards Dean as soon as Zack started to argue with his lawyer. ‘What now?’ was all the omega could think through their bond though since this was definitely the opposite of what they had wanted. Now there was no way for Cas to get out of this business: the contract probably bound for life.
"I- told him I needed time to think. And then I went home to talk to my brother, who I thought could help me with this, but apparently, he can't." He knew he was being unfair, but he felt himself starting to panic a little.
If it was true what Sammy was saying about Cas… But it couldn’t be, Cas was, well, Cas. Dean scrunched up his face, at the thought. Cas was a lot more than just something if that made sense to anyone, and maybe he didn’t understand human concepts a few years ago but now he certainly did and it made a little glow of hope raise in the hunter’s chest.
The omega surprised himself by asking: "Hey Sammy, do you know anything about a thing that dad would have handed down to us? Something he really wanted to protect?" It wasn't the first time he had wondered about the thing that had brought him to all this pain, so at least his anger towards his dad has substituted.
"He's probably a nice, normal guy, who doesn't want anything to do with a criminal like me. Hell, even I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life with me." The last part came out a little overdramatic, so he hastily explained to his brother what had really happened during their first meeting and how that meant, they shouldn't be seeing each other ever again.
Dean felt the tears sting in his eyes but cleared his throat to get rid of them. He could mourn when he was alone in his bedroom, but for now he had to be the strong one. He looked up at Glynn from where he had been fidgeting with the knife. Or maybe she was the strong one.
As the other didn't do anything further, Dean got up and limped over to him secured by the table, as blue eyes followed his every movement. He held out his hands wordlessly, and Cas took them, letting himself being pulled out of his chair. They stood in front of each other, both wondering looks on their faces until Dean slowly leaned in and captured the shorter man's lips.
As Cas got back into the car, he sighed deeply. “I hate to give her away every day, but we have to pay the rent somehow. You said you had an auto shop?”
“Okaaay,” his brother said in a long manner to leave room for explanations. As this didn’t happen, he continued: “Well, anyways, he went to meet her to talk about it, but she wasn’t in her flat and none of her friends has an idea where she is.”
They found it. Three months after being hit by a witch’s spell, Dean found himself standing in an old library somewhere in Massachusetts and looking into a fifty-year-old women’s eyes.
There was a silence after that. Both men were so much engaged in each other’s eyes, that they didn’t even notice the waitress delivering their food. He somehow had expected that, Dean’s mind supplied helpfully.
Whatever he wanted to say next was interrupted by a low rumbling, that was causing cracks in the floor below them. The devil's trap, on which they were standing broke.
Cas slowly lowered him down again as the fire in his eyes died.
"Yeah, I found the part with the heat and rut as well," Sam concluded after verbally shaking his head over Dean's behaviour a few times. "It's written here, that it happens to make sure both parties mate directly, or else they will suffer more and more each heat/rut since their bodies tell them to get together." Dean didn't know what to say.
Way to ease her into it, the older hunter thought but watched his mother intently at the same time. If she didn't like Sky...
And then she went limp.
“My family is very religious,” Cas finally started after a while. “You probably already noticed my weird name; it’s actually from an angel.” That made sense, Dean thought.
Then the doctor moved a gadget over Glynn’s stomach and said something, but the older Winchester had stopped listening.
All of the ride, Cas was unusually quiet. Regarding other situations he normally also seldomly spoke when it wasn’t necessary, but Dean had gotten into the habit of bantering endlessly about classic rock songs and movies the angel had on his hard drive with him over the last few years. When nobody was dying of course.
Hello folks, how is it going, lovely Winchester lovers?
At the high school parking lot, he thrummed his fingers on the steering wheel. Now that he had a plan, he got a little bit nervous, despite the fact, that he had done this on numerous occasions.
"Dean, you're awake," Sam stated as if it wasn't the most obvious thing in the world and got over to check on him. He couldn't do a lot, but his hands roamed over Dean's hidden frame and drove him crazy.
“So, what does a handsome man like you do here all alone on a Friday night?” asked she and Dean noticed her nervousness for the first time. She started to chew her lip, but not in a flirtatious way and her gaze more than often flickered to the left while she spoke.
Then it was suddenly silent. The witch opened her hands in Deans direction and a lot less aggressive burst of energy hit the hunter than last time.
"No, nothing too bad. Just t a- a car accident." Dean shrugged at the eye roll his brother directed at him. What, was he supposed to tell this gas station worker, that he had blown up a warehouse because his boss had gone to a gang meeting with too few people and too less ammo?
“Can I also see them?” the dark-haired man asked after a few seconds of staring between the two of them. “Sure,” Jo said from behind Dean with a look on her face as if she was very entertained. She handed over the sleeping ‘Billam’ after Cas had approached her and Dean watched his face lit up like a thousand candles.
“Oh, my Chuck,” the younger hunter let out beside a chuckle, that sounded as if he straightened himself again. “You also like him that way. Since when?” Dean heard the sound of clothes ruffling and assumed that his brother had crossed his arms like he had learned it from the other himself.
The end of the sentence was almost unheard by the Winchester, because he had turned away, ducked through the entrance and shut the door forcefully behind himself.
“Yeah, I've just been to the werewolf hideout, which I came here for. But you know that I can handle myself, don't you?”
Still, the hunter was no chicken, he told himself. It couldn’t be as hard as fighting monsters and preventing the apocalypse together for so many years.
Feeling like something between a helplessly romantic teenage boy and a burglar he took the ladder he had stored in his garage and unfolded it beneath the window. After he climbed up, he could see a small room, quite similar to the nursery he had furnished together with Jo in their house.
"You didn't tell him?" she asked, clearly addressing Cas but it was Dean who shook his head mechanically. Wait, if Cas was in rut that would mean...
"Uh, yeah I'm sorry I," Dean stammered and tried to avoid breathing too much because he could suddenly scent big waves of the most wonderful smell wafting over to him. "I just wanted to see if you're okay."
Leaving the garage, the older Winchester just listened to the others talking about the car and memories it provided for all of them. Since Glynn would probably leave her only child with them, if she died, she wanted to make sure, that she knew every single happy story they had to tell and she didn’t even cringe when they also told her some of the numerous sad ones.
The other seemed to be younger, but Dean had a lifetime of training and he almost caught him when they turned the corner to the front gate. The moment he ran through the open gate though, he made the mistake of looking back and was tackled to the ground by an almost bear sized creature.
She was Glynn’s roommate.
There was a long silence after this. The two men stared into each other’s eyes as if there was no way to look away as if they could talk through this invisible connection. “Okay,” Cas said after a while and Dean let out the breath he didn’t know he had been holding.
“No,” Glynn shook her head. “And after I left my parents to begin my own life, I started to believe in the story I had made up to cope with her vanishment as a child. Now I, of course, know, that the extra-terrestrial beings have wings and a halo.” She grinned and Dean had no other choice than to join in. Cas would vehemently deny of having a halo if he was here right now and even Glynn knew that.
"I will tell you anything you want to know Cas." I say softly, not wanting to say anything that might make him upset. He just nods at me but doesn't say anything else for a while and i am suspecting that he is probably thinking of something to say.
“Dean Winchester.” Castiel growled out before stepping backwards, outside back on to the balcony. “Look after her.” With that he swooped off the balcony and back towards my home where I supposed he was going to speak to dada. Michael and Gabriel looked at each other before gulping and turning back to me.
After Dean could not find Castiel, he had assumed he had gone back up to raven and with a heavy heart he had gone back to Sam and now…
“Cas?” Gabriel asks, coming into my study where I now slept. I looked up at him sadly and drank down some whiskey to make me forget my sorrows. “Are you okay?”
"So you don't wish she never left..." He said cheekily.
"It's not like I had a choice. We didn't get to pick the roles we got assigned them." There was a moments silence before Leliel started laughing loudly. I crossed my arms and leaned against one of the posts of my four posted bed, looking at her with my eyebrows raised.
“Do you want us to follow her, your majesty, to make sure she is ok?” A warrior asked and I thought about this for a moment before shaking my head.
Before i hit the ground my wings come sprouting out of my back and i swoop up just in time, giggling loudly as i do so before landing gracefully on the ground. Dada said that King Castiel was the only angel with black wings, but he didn't say anything about demons. My own wings were as black as night but i never got them out in front of my family or any other demons, i didn't want them to think i was weird. I had never seen another demon fly before so i didn't want to be the only one, i didn't want to be different. I wanted to be me, but i wanted to be accepted into my community. Dada didn't even know about my wings and i planned on keeping it that way for now. For some reason, within me i knew that i couldn't show him them. I just couldn't. I stroked my soft feathers, patting them down so they looked good before retracting them back into my back, shuddering slightly at the uncomfortable feeling.
"You haven't? Well, are you going to?" He asks boldly and i scowl at him.
"I may not have been her real father, but at least i didn't sell myself as some sex slave. She would have been ashamed of you." The demon hissed, their emotions were coming out in very aggressive ways and suddenly, i became angry with them. I put her down slowly and picked a red rose to lay on her bosom before turnning to the two beings who were ready to rip each others throat out due to the grief. I stand up slowly and they both quickly turn to me, eyes wide.
"What are you doing?" He asks, trying to look at what I'm writing but I hide the parchment from him.
“What’s wrong with him papa?” She asks me, her voice cracking slightly.
"MARY NO!" John Winchester screams from the battlements. He is clinging onto the cold stone, reaching out for his warrior wife. He see's the archangel Michael lifting up his blazing sword ready to cut down his wife. He's screaming but Mary doesn't hear him, no one does. They are all in a battle frenzy, cutting, chopping and killing everything they come across. Michael brings down his fiery sword upon his gorgeous, blonde demon beauty and she incinerates instantly turning into ash at the angels feet. Michael looks up, his eyes glowing in sort of a frenzy at the king of Lawrence and John looks down on him, tears in his eyes.
"You're crying, it means that you are getting overwhelmed with all your emotions and your tear-ducts are swelling." I say and he looks at me sadly.
"It's not about slavery Dean, this is war!" He storms out of the room and I follow close behind when the maid finally attached my garments to me. We walk out of the palace and into the courtyard where my beautiful black stallion, Impala is waiting for me. I stroke its main before jumping into its saddle and kicking my heels into its side to make it start galloping after my father who was leading the small army.  It took us a whole day and night to get to the city of Topeka where apparently the angels were hiding. We stormed into the city and the peasants with in all watched us as we rode again. In the centre of the city my father halted us to a stop and he rode in a circle, looking at the humans faces.
"Yeah exactly, like King King."
"Yes. I'll just..." With that I walked over to the stuff and managed to pick it all up without dropping anything. Before I turned to leave however the king spoke up;
“I’m going to take a wild guess and say that Gabriel probably taught it to her in the few weeks that he spent with her.” Cas laughed and I rolled my eyes while muttering; ‘damn angels’. Finally we get to around the middle of the forest, in a clearance that looked a good size for a house. Then me and Castiel got to work while Valentina stood and watch us. I covered us in an invisible shield so any angels flying overhead or any demons walking around this part wouldn’t be able to see us while Castiel used an immense part of his power to smooth the ground out and literally make a house appear from the roots of the trees, the leaves, the grass and some rock and stone which he would be able to find in different parts of the forest.
"I did." I smiled at his attempt to change the subject but complied with his request. He didn't like to be put in awkward situations and i suppose i liked this about him.
"I'm calling off the war." His smirk grew slightly as he stood casually looking at his fingernails.
"No, i haven't killed the little girl." I say, looking at my fingernails and then back up to him.
"You have been spending way to much time with her lately." I sigh and shake my head. "How does she even know what séx is?"
"Quickly." I whisper hurriedly as he begins slipping on his clothes and hopping towards the slit in the tent while trying to get in other leg into his leggings. I giggle at him and before he slips out of the tent he looks back at me and beckons me towards him. I go over to him and he brings me into a passionate kiss, holding my head gently in his hands and sliding his tongue into my mouth. I clutch onto his waist eagerly as my name was called out again from one of the guards.
"Will you stop messing around and answer the question!" I cry desperately and she laughs loudly before nodding.
I toss the stone at her feet and turn away from her, walking towards the stump of the chopped down tree. I grit my teeth, trying to cool down and do not face her again until i feel her hand on my back. When she touches me i flinch and turn to face her quickly, my face distorting into a sneer.
"Sorry kid." The jester said sadly. It was probably the first time I had seen him without a smile on his face since he came here and it kind of freaked me out to see him so serious.
"Okay. But the question remains... Which one do I go to?"
"O-oh, oh god Dean!" I shout as he starts hitting that sweet spot inside of me, pressing and rubbing it over and over again. "M-more, keep going. F-faster!" However he doesn't comply with my request and suddenly pulls out of me altogether, making me feel empty inside.
“No you’re not.”
"And what may that be?" I ask, raising an eyebrow slightly.
Dean (POV)
“I don’t know. Look yourself.” I say and he walks over and looks out the window at the view before looking back at me confused.
I walked down the corridors to go to my chambers when I saw him, carrying a heavy bucket in his arms. He was struggling with it and got frustrated so he dropped it on the floor, its dirty contents spilling out.
“What is wrong with you?” He hissed and I stopped laughing suddenly but the ghost of the laugh still etched plainly across my face. I’m about to answer but my gaze is directed from him towards the throne were it is sparkling from the sun through the windows of the grand hall. There were jewels etched across the bottom of it, half done and by it was a bowl of rich jewels that were being chiselled into place on the large thrown. I raised my eyebrows and my mouth dropped open in surprise.
“Sir?”
“Don’t touch it then.” He snorts and I roll my eyes
"Your the only angel I have actually spoken to really and- well you're already a sex slave so I thought you'd already be used to it rather then putting any other angel through it." Was he actually trying to be nice right now? I scoffed and rolled my eyes at him and he blushed brightly. Like, actually blushed.
"Viola." He says proudly and I smile back at him. I sit down in the chair and watch him, resting my head on my hand as I do so. "What?"
"Good, that means they can't make any more but that doesn't mean that they haven't already made some. We also have got too look out for any demons with the shackles that can capture is and then kill us later." I warn and he nods his head while walking withe towards Michael and Gabriel and my other advisors.
“Well, that was interesting.” Anna says to me happily when we get out of earshot.
“I could call for him Cas.” Gabriel says seriously. “I mean it.” I shake my head however, sniffing slightly.
"A lot of angels, demons and humans are evil." I tell her with a straight face.
"Leliel has been lost with you, sire. " Michael says and I nod sadly.
“You have a beautiful name.” I tell her and she giggles and blushes.
“Dean hasn’t even noticed I’ve gone and I don’t think he will for a while. I want you to come back with me.” He says and I groan inwardly. Not this again.
"What the hell?" I say when I open my eyes and find him wearing my clothes that are slightly too big for him, a long regal cloak that drags behind him and my crown that is tilted slightly on his head. He is pulling a slight pose which makes me laugh loudly at his childishness.
"They're okay. Although i just caught them having sex." I shudder and pull a face. "I mean, i knew they did it but god, i didn't want to see it!" Luce laughed loudly at my comment and shook his head, clutching onto his stomach.
"Where is she now?" I turn to Michael.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Not really, just a mind trick is all.” I blinked and my eyes were suddenly back to normal, the blue in them vivid as ever in contrast with the black.
“His Majesty only has one male sex slave your highness; you must be talking about Castiel. Blue eyes and a sassy gob?”
“No.”
"I'm ready for round 2 if you are."
"Castiel. How are you?" He asks and I shrug.
"What the wife tells me to do, i gotta do." I say in a jokey tone and they all seem to relax and laugh with me while i look around the market stalls. A young woman comes up to me and points out things that would maybe help and i thank her as i pay for the items.
"But Luce, they my fathers. I would want them to come to my wedding!" She cries and i sigh and rub my forehead.
Castiel licked along the outline of Dean’s shaft through his boxers while Dean whined above him, writhing his body around. He pushed Castiel’s head away and pulled down his boxers himself, getting too impatient with Castiel’s tricks. Now was not the time for that.
We got to the edge of the woods in about two hours and i quickly hurried in, leaving Marian behind to call after me. I stop beside where she normally sits in the woods and tap my food imaptiently as she slowly comes trudging up to me, putting a blacket on the ground and plomping herself down in it. I sit with her for a few minutes, knowing that she will only make me anyway before asking if i can go off (not too far) on my own for a while. She grunts and nods before laying back on the blanket and shutting her eyes, collecting in the heat from the sun. I hold back a giggle and quietly tip-toe out of sight, going towards the border. I knew it was wrong because my dada told me it was but i couldn't help but go near it. I smile as i approach the border and sit on the wall which seperates my daddy's kingdom to the angel kingdom, looking into the angel valley. I squint my eyes and smile as i see the highest point of the angel castle. I came here with my dada once and he told me that the highest point is where King Castiel's study was, where he paces and sometimes jumps off the balcony that is attatched to it and starts flying.
"My papa says he knows you. He says that he has been up there before and used to speak with you and walk with you and do other things but he won't tell me what." She giggles and i look at her even more curiously.
"My son." He says to me, holding out a hand for me to take. I do so slowly and he holds it, looking deep into my eyes and right into my soul and spirit. "You have got yourself into a bit of a pickle haven't you?"
"I do, your grace. I can understand why you would get angry and be wary of me but i promise you that i never hurt your husband or any angel for that matter, or nor ever will i." Dean smiled at Leliel and she nods before turning around, whispering out an 'excuse me' and exiting the room. Me and Dean stand in my study awkwardly before he finally breaks the silence.
“I don’t, no.” I tell her and she actually looks sad.
"I don't think so." Cas shrugged, thinking back on it. Dean's new agent didn't change anything about the contract for this film—he would only affect future projects—and Dean had been right when he said Bela was too good of an actress to let what happened between them ruin the movie. Beyond that, the only thing that could have really been affected was Castiel's wardrobe designs, and he was also too professional to sabotage the movie, even for something as big as what he’d thought was going on.
The news was going wild, wondering who Dean’s mysterious lover was. Could it be a co-star? Maybe it was a childhood friend, maybe a high school sweetheart, or maybe a whirlwind romance after his last press tour.
Cas kept it chaste—even taken by surprise, he knew that tongue-wrestling in the middle of the red carpet wasn't the best idea—and pulled away after only a few moments.
He could already tell this was going to be good.
Not all the way, and thankfully he wasn't injured, but it happened. Dean was probably the only audience member who noticed—and even that was only because he watched Cas' practice so much and could read his facial expression from a mile away.  He saw the slight horror on Cas' face that he tried to hide, and he saw the tremble in his knees as he finished his routine and returned himself to the ground.
"Nope," Pam replied, popping the 'p' and pulling the back of his top up, lying face down on the chair which Dean reclined for her. Pam's tattoo was a tangle of flowers on her lower back, and Dean couldn't wait to see how it would look when it was all done.
Hello!! This is it!! The chapter you've all been waiting for!!
"Honestly, I didn't dare ask," Jo admitted, "I just agreed to try and convince you to come."
"Yes, Mom," Sam nodded.
He remembered the fourteenth, and it was the morning of the sixteenth now… so where did the fifteenth go?
His slow ambling turned into running as he neared the cabin, the lovely smell of cooking wafting from that direction. Cas had managed to convince him to join a running club—Dean still didn't know why he'd agreed to go that first time—but now he felt healthier than ever, and he was meeting all kinds of new people. Sam and Cas would bring it up at least once every time they were all together, and Dean was too happy about the fact they got along to even be mad about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
They talked for a bit longer, but they'd both had long days, so it wasn't long before they said goodbye and hung up. Dean found himself finally free to return to his evening, but his pizza was cold now, and he really wasn't in the mood for Dr. Sexy anymore. He sighed loudly, grabbing the pizza box and transferring the pieces onto a tray, and putting it into the oven. It wouldn't need long, just enough to heat it all up.
He said he wanted this, and then he went and cheated on him with Bela?
Dean directed Cas to lay on his front while he adjusted the chair for him. He put the design onto transfer paper, and carefully pressed it onto Cas' back. He couldn't stop himself from grinning when he saw his designs in the purple lines on Cas' back—no matter how many times he did this, it would never get any less amazing.
It was clear that Cas appreciated everything they were doing, and he was happy about it, but he was also just… not himself. Not as happy as usual, not carefree, not… confident in himself, though Dean couldn't figure out why that would be any more than he could figure out the rest of it.
"Yeah," Cas agreed, but there was something sad in his voice that Dean couldn't begin to understand. He'd only just come down but already Cas was moving back towards the middle of the ring, where the silks hung. "I should get back to it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had to pause for a moment so that he didn’t slip. “You’ve never seen Star Wars?”
Castiel laughed, "If you see anything, please let me know."
"Maybe you're right," Dean murmured, chewing on his lip as he thought it through. Maybe once he was finished here, he could look at the books and see when he could next afford to take a week off.
"Cas," Dean said with a soft smile, "I love you. The person you, not just the idea of you. I can live without sex,” Dean cut himself off, he’d never even thought of it before, but hell if it wasn’t true. Sex was fun, sure, and he’d miss it, but it was nothing compared to Cas. “I can't live without you, not if I get a chance to have you, in whatever way we are both comfortable with. We can work it out together, I promise."
"Dean?" Sam asked, his voice small and quiet enough that Dean almost didn't look up, assuming he was just hearing things. "Oh," Sam sighed when he saw Dean's tearstained face. He slipped into the stall, dropping cross legged onto the floor next to him and reaching a hand out to pat Baby's neck. "Is this about Cas?"
Cas: I’ve loved talking to you these past few weeks, and I was thinking…
"This means a lot to me, you know," Cas said after another comfortable quiet. "This design, this tattoo, I can't—I can't explain what it means to me."
This is a pretty fun chapter that wasn't supposed to exist, but the boys made it happen anyway...
Just a quick warning, I'm going away next week, for two weeks, and won't have my laptop in order to update. Meaning, no update next week, or the week after, and then we'll see about the one after that (It depends on what time I get home and editing and all that. That update might have to be on Sunday, but I'll try to get a chapter up at some point that weekend)
"Everything okay?"
Dean couldn't even say anything to Cas about it. The aerialist had been avoiding Dean like the plague ever since their conversation in the field, and Dean didn't know how to stop it. Sure, they saw each other often enough, it wasn't like there was room to disappear to when they lived in the same circus, but it wasn't like before. They never seemed to actually have any conversations, or be alone together, and Dean couldn't remember the last time he'd seen Cas smile. He fake smiled, his face was twisted into one of those almost constantly when he was performing, as though all the joy had drained out of flying. He smiled sometimes at some of the others, but it was never the little smile Dean was so used to. The one which made Dean feel like everything was right in the world, because Cas was happy. The one which made Dean happy just from seeing it. But now Cas was walking around with a rain cloud above his head most of the time.
"Perfect," Sam grinned, "and you never know, Cas might be interested in coming to visit our new friend." There was some teasing in his voice, but Cas didn't even register that, his blue eyes glued on Dean. He noticed the way Dean lit up when Sam suggested Cas might visit, and it broke his heart. How bad a friend had he been that he hadn't noticed how much Dean had missed him? Hadn't noticed how much his soul had been reaching out?
"I've never noticed," Castiel said, though that wasn't completely true. Something had called him to move to that cabin when he was looking for somewhere to get away, and it hadn't just been it's isolation.
The rest of the interview carried on as normal, and just a minute later Cas was walking away, heading back to where Dean was standing in the middle of the carpet, apparently also done with his interviews.
Without another word, Dean entwined their fingers, letting their hands swing between them as they walked through the doors to the theater, the sounds of journalists and the crowd blocked out by the heavy wood.
He wanted to meet the man his family adored, he wanted to know the person he was smiling at in the photos, he wanted to know the person he apparently once cared about.
I started editing this chapter, but now I'm cold so I'm just going to post now, and if you spot any mistakes please tell me in the comments so I can fix them! <3
Sixteenth of June.
"With Cas. I didn't say anything in case I jinxed it, but—I really like him, Jo."
Cas rubbed his head against Dean’s chest, kneaded his claws against Dean’s top, brushed his tail back and forth against Dean’s arm. He did whatever he could to calm Dean’s troubled soul and give him a little bit of a break from the mess he called his life. Cas had heard that stroking small animals could help humans, and all he really wanted to do was help his human.
Jo and Garth exchanged pleased smiles and headed back to their stations to get ready for the day. Dean sighed loudly, but did the same, hoping that they wouldn't get too mad at him when he inevitably pulled out two days before — or turned up only to walk out ten minutes in.
It took him about twenty minutes, and his legs were hurting from both his performance and the walking, but he finally found Cas lying in the middle of a thankfully dry field.
And they didn’t need anything else.
Castiel woke up that morning just like he had the morning before. He was warm, comfortable, his hand was resting softly on top of Dean's hip, and his nose was being tickled by the soft hair on the top of Dean's head in a way that really should have been unpleasant, but was actually just strangely domestic. A small smile spread across his face for a moment as he enjoyed the warm feeling in his gut, before his thoughts unexpectedly turned to what Charlie had said the day before.
(See the end of the chapter for
"She was just putting it on for attention," Dean sighed. He'd been terrified for weeks, thinking something was wrong, or that he might lose his equine best friend. Apparently, she'd been walking fine around everyone else, and they'd all promised him she was fine, but he was not convinced, no matter what they’d said. Nowadays it was a fun thing to laugh about, but Dean couldn't forget how much it had weighed on him. He'd barely slept, been unable to eat much without feeling sick to his stomach. He got himself worked up over people he cared about so easily, pathetically easy sometimes, but Dean didn't think that was what was happening here.
"You don't have to do this alone anymore. I'll help you, like I should have been doing from the start."
"Dean?"
Except… no. He was more than that.
They were quiet, for a while, just standing there, watching their family laugh and dance, and taking the occasional sip from their drinks. It was comfortable, neither of them feeling the need to break the silence. Every couple of seconds, Dean glanced across to Cas, his eyes magnetized towards the other boy. He looked stunning in the low light of the distant fire. His eyes sparkled, and his face was alight with joy, and Dean was once again reminded.
They talked, they laughed, they exchanged stories and even when they were both quiet while eating, the quiet was warm and friendly, and not awkward in the slightest.
"I- okay… yeah, you have a point." Dean stood up, slowly walking over to where Cas was sitting. Castiel happily opened his arms, glad to have his husband back, and pulled him into a tight hug, kissing Dean’s neck as he felt the tension drain out of him.
See you then!!
Kudos and comments mean the world to me!!
With a silent sigh, Dean turned over onto his other side, as though his brain thought he'd be able to sleep if he just turned over.
Their small talk was easy and light, familiar in a way Dean normally did his best to avoid getting with customers. He was polite and friendly to everyone, sure, but with Cas it was just… different. More.
"Ummm, no, I still have to keep the details quiet for now." Dean knew it was a lie, Sam had been telling him about a few of his recent cases just the other day. He sent Sam a grateful look, hoping that Sam would understand what it meant.
The older Winchester flinched visibly. “First of all, if that’s true, it didn’t work very well. And second, please don’t call our kid the Nephilim, that just makes it worse.”
Bye, bye *.*
"How is my little brother doing up in higher society?" he settled on and hoped his nervousness wasn't showing in his voice. They had always made fun of College people and lawyers and stuff when they were kids until Sam had announced, that he wanted to become one himself. Dean had always supported him since he was the only one left after their dad had lost his war against the alcohol, but deep down he had never understood how Sam wanted to help kids like they had been this way. At least he had gotten away from the streets, and that was all that mattered for the omega.
Dean nodded for his daughter and unwrapped her from her cocoon of warmth, at what she protested loudly.
Dean was at his brethren’s side at an instant, noticing that Cas looked over to them a completely exhausted smile ghosting his face.
Sam looked back at them, seeming to try to suppress a roll of his eyes at their banter.
Concerned alpha scent wove over to him and he tried to regain his posture. He sometimes was very lucky, that he couldn't smell Sam as much.
“I’m Sam. I really hope the kid gets your sense of humor, rather than Deans.” Dean knew of course, that he didn’t mean it, they mocked each other every time they met.
Five days later Dean watched from behind his curtains as a petite,  brunette woman exited a big black Jeep. She wore a boring grey blazer, plain Jeans and black boots and while she walked up the stairs to Castiel’s porch, her gait was confident and certain. This had to be Mia’s aunt then.
After two days it still seemed like the strangest thing Dean had ever done, but he didn’t mind. Despite everything, it felt right and he couldn’t stop grinning, not even at work, where he was completely overqualified and therefore bored. It was like he could finally dream again, like he didn’t have to wait all of this time it took to fall in love, before settling down. He could do it right away.
Her flat was on the fourth floor of an open building, where the corridors were more like long balconies. It looked a little bit like a motel and Dean wondered who wanted to live in such a place. But of course, he wasn’t in the position to say anything.
While Dean was sitting there in this crappy bar, thinking about his screwed-up life, somebody let himself down on the barstool next to his.
The wait for the bus felt like endless torture. The omega knew that he had to change bus at least once to get home from here and he didn't have much time. There he was, standing in the middle of nowhere, just bushes and old grass around him and wondered how he had gotten himself in such a bad situation again.
Or so he thought.
As soon as he was upright, Dean looked into bright blue eyes that were wide from shock. Everything else seemed to be exactly like he left it; guns were still being pointed at customers, and even though the others must have seen how he had dropped to the floor, nobody was noticing the hidden conversation between himself and the cashier.
After a moment of shuffling noises, his brother seemed to pick up the phone again.
Damnit he was approaching his heat too fast. He didn't even remember the last twenty minutes or so.
"Yes, just you, my true mate, I plan to spend the rest of my life with," he stated, just like that and Dean felt pure euphoria mix with dread in his stomach. The other couldn't really mean that, could he?
"Dean. You said you liked him, didn't you? And from what I saw, he definitely likes you as well." The older Winchester thought back for a second, remembering how Cas had visited him in the hospital every day, how they had talked and laughed and how his wonderfully plush lips had felt against his.
“You remember what we think about when we have bad thoughts?” he asked, and she knew exactly what he meant.
"You look like shit," the beta shouted after him, and Dean just flipped him off. He hadn't managed to eat or sleep a lot during the last days, and the traces of this neglect of his body still showed.
“We got engaged when we were only twenty and married at the age of 23. The wedding night was a catastrophe. I couldn’t do it.” Cas was actually blinking tears away.
Of course, Dean knew that, but it felt better if somebody else was thinking things through as well.
Instead of walking over, the three of them stayed behind the curtains and watched, Mary occasionally fidgeting with the buttons of Cas dress shirt. They observed as the Novaks climbed up the stairs to the porch, rang the doorbell and they also watched as they left twenty minutes later. Of course, not without looking into the dark windows and the backyard.
He tried to replay their last conversation with the doctor from the hospital in his head. Baby number one, almost definitively a girl was laying in starting position with her head next to the exit and her feet in the face of her sibling. Said baby number two was a little bit smaller, liked to hide its gender and lay ready to follow his sister.
“Including cute bumpers with angels on them,” Alex said and laughed as she saw their faces. “You’ll see.”
“He can’t go back in his vessel jet,” Sam said and frowned. If it would have gone according to the plan, they would have taken the spell home and had done it there. “Alright you can come over, Cas.”
"Alright. Show it to me." The beta clearly thought he was stupid.
“Well, I have these weird pains,” she started and the brothers stared at her while the angel had his gaze fixed on an imaginary point on the opposite wall.
“All right, but who should drive if there was immediate danger. I have a baby in my jacket,” Dean argued and suddenly noticed how much they sounded like an old married couple. How long have they been like this?
“No, it’s okay, Dean,” Cas said, looking down at his hands in his lap. He had set Mia to the ground during his conversation with Jo and she was happily coloring an entire site of one of her books purple. “My wife...” Dean’s heart sunk into his stomach at that. “She is sick, so she has to sleep a lot.” Cas sighted after that, as if it lifted a heavy weight from his shoulders, letting them slump forward. “She is at home, resting right now.”
Glynn was in the kitchen, currently preparing tea for them, because after seeing Cas’ shattered facial expression, he had told the girl that his partner needed time to progress the data. He was going to be a dad. No, they were going to be dads. As if they hadn’t enough problems already.
“I like him, and I haven’t even met him properly,” she answered with a grin. “Hi, I’m Jo.”
“I send Cas to protect Glynn. I think, whatever is out there is still… well, out there, but we have to gather inside the war room to plan further. It’s the safest room right now.”
I could hold against him. And I’m sorry about what I have to say next,” he said and seemed to ready himself for what was about to come by taking a deep breath. Dean knew he would have started shooting before the signing if Cas hadn’t stopped him through their bond and he still really wanted to. Action, not talking, but that obviously wasn’t his mate’s style.
She looked a bit irritated at the three men standing a little bit at the door, seeming to scan the room for possible dangers.
He couldn't see much, and the impact drew all the air from his lungs, but he noticed how Crowley, almost unharmed from the explosion used the distraction to run to the board and press the button to release the long neon lamps high in the air.
There was the usual mocking again. Even though, if he thought about it, Sam hadn’t called his jokes ridiculous in ages; he must really want to play down his own thoughts about what he had just told the other.
“What makes you think I’m chasing something?” she asked after just a moment and fluttered her eyelashes in a way that intended to attract her counterpart. Which was Dean Winchester. Which was the problem.
Dean really had needed this, because he calmed down immediately, even though he yearned for more. They send each other weak smiles and exited the car.
The omega nodded shortly and hoped that neither the driver nor the five passengers were any knotheads who would approach him inappropriately during the ride.
They ordered some drinks and Dean eased himself back in an open pose, where his arms were splayed across his backrest. He needed to gain some courage, to tell his life story to this wonderfully gorgeous man in front of him. Mia was occupied with her stuffed cat again as he started to speak.
The real life, physical Cas, Dean had missed for the last months, woke up with a startled intake of breath.
“I have to-“ Dean started and motioned towards the cash register with the pornographic magazine still in his hand. This was not embarrassing at all.
Also, I know that Cas car is actually jubilee gold and not beige, but Dean sometimes isn't that accurate.
"Where the hell have you been," the beta started, and then shook his head. "Nevermind, I don't care. The better question is, why I had three different people tell me separately that Dean Winchester presented his pretty little ass in the middle of an important heist."
When she stopped pushing, Sam removed her sweaty hair from her face and Dean suddenly remembered something.
"Hey, Dean, what's wrong?" the voice at the other end of the phone call asked after the third ring and Dean smiled and huffed at the same time because this was his little brother, but he always answered his phone with this question.
“So, you stayed together?” Dean asked to keep his opposite going.
The omega was the first to moan this time, as their tounges touched and he could taste his soon to be mate properly. He needed more.
“Our daughter is absolutely awesome,” Dean grinned and headed further towards the Impala. He knew that they should get going. No matter how many demons the little girl could hold of, she was probably getting tired and hungry and they all needed to rest.
There, on the screen, was a little baby, way too small to survive on her own, and she was moving. She was moving.
He just couldn’t suppress the grin, that was spreading across his face, as he looked at the tiny child. She seemed very fragile and Dean tried to imagine what his own children would look like soon. The warmth that was spreading across his chest at that thought was different from when he looked at Cas but it was still very dominant.
“What’s the problem with the car?” he asked. “I actually own half of an auto shop and I can probably help.”
“Ok, no, but thank you anyways, okay bye,” Sam said and sighted after he hung up.
"Okay," the alpha replied, not more than a whisper and Dean watched as it was now his turn to lick his lips. Those wonderfully pink, chapped lips, that probably tasted even better than Cas smelled.
For a second Dean was petrified. What his brother suggested there was, that his angel should go over and share the mind with somebody else. Even if it was Sam, it still felt wrong.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said after a few moments of being speechless and fighting with happy tears again. “I…,” he started and cleared his throat. Suddenly he remembered how they parted last night.
"You're not gonna push me away again?" the alpha asked, and it broke Dean's heart. Had it really felt that bad for him, the rejection and all? This true mates thing was absolutely crazy.
“No, listen. I did some research and I think, that she really has major depressions or clinical depression as I called it before. It can be because of the pregnancy hormones, but it’s very unlikely for her to find her way back to a normal life on her own.” His urgent tone made Dean think, what he had done to fight off his demons (sex and booze) and what he really would have needed (his family).
“Dean,” Sam replied but not replied. When the older Winchester turned around to him, he could see the full on bitchface his brother was already sporting. “I already told you all about it in the car. On our way here. Did you listen to any of that?”
Dean felt a weird wave of proudness sweep into his current emotional, stress-induced state.
She was soon joined by a younger werewolf who bared his teeth at the hunter. “Can he be my first?” the young one asked, and Dean didn't dare to wonder what kind of first he was to be. He pretended to be hurt for a second and then kicked at the woman's legs as forcefully as he could. The moment her surprised and angry cry reached him, he got distracted by seeing his brother getting hurled across the room.
“I don't think so.” Cas furrowed his brow, lowering himself onto the bed and touching his daughter's forehead with two fingers. “Because I can't, and our grace is pretty similar. I don't know, though, what happens if she uses her powers again.”
A little bit of smut *.*
“We are.” Dean thought, fuck it, and laid his hand on the angel’s and Sammy made gagging noises in the corner.
In the end, it was faster than they expected. Sam and Jess had arrived at seven in the morning and accompanied Jo’s mother and her friend Ash, who had reached the hospital three hours later.
“If we want to do this, we need to get rid of the other passenger, my dear,” the witch said and for a split-second Dean wanted to get all defensive, but then he understood. He licked his lips and looked over at his seemingly calm brother.
“I never saw myself as a mother, you know,” Glynn suddenly said and startled the hunter out of his thoughts. He was currently cutting vegetables and had missed his finger by a quarter of an inch as she had spoken up. That would have been weird to explain to Cas, who would have most certainly insisted upon healing it immediately. The hunter forced a smile down and turned around to the soon to be mother of his child.
"Here's the thing Benny," he addressed the driver wiping some sweat off his forehead. This was not good. "You're gonna let me out the next bus stop and follow the rest of the plan without me. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sorry, got lost," Cas replied, and Dean would have almost called his stern look at the task ahead adorable outside of his own mind. He felt fingers sliding down his dick, over his balls and past that and all the while the alpha was looking him straight in the eyes.
“What do you drink?” he asked instead of answering. Maybe this could be a nice evening after all.
For a second he contemplated hiding in the bushes and just waiting for the end of his heat there, but they could last a few days, and he wouldn't want to be wearing any clothes, as he suddenly heard the bus approach. He hadn't even noticed it before, due to the haze his mind was starting to develop.
“Yes, yes, Cas…,” Dean reassured him fast, trailing off again. “I am a dad,” he laughed not sure how he lost the control over his speech so easily. His head was spinning, and he wondered how it could have been just under 24 hours since he’s had the best kiss of his life. And Cas had kissed back.
“I’m getting too old for this stuff,” he then said to his daughter, who was still quietly sleeping close to his heart. If he had anything to say in this matter, he would probably never let go of her again.
“Glynn, that’s her name,” Dean said and surprised himself the most.
Dean contemplated for a second of what to tell the others, especially if Cas was around. But maybe this was exactly what he needed to do to make the other understand that he wasn't good enough for him.
When Crowley is in trouble, it's, of course, the older Winchester who comes for a rescue.
Feeling the familiar adrenaline mixed with jolts of panic sweep through his system, Dean was at the door in no time and ran into his similar shaken little brother when he opened it.
Every single black-eyed bastard, who seemed to come ten feet or less close to them was hurled into the air and send flying out and away from them.
"You- you want to mate?" Of course, he was confused, considering that Dean hadn't shown any interest in a relationship with him until yesterday. He also noticed how Cas started to turn a little pink around the nose as if he was embarrassed and Dean needed a second to realise the reason. Mating included sex. At least one thing the omega understood.
The light suddenly went out, right when Glynn let out a horrible cry as if something was tearing her apart. Sam was in her face in an instant, both of them lit only by the red emergency light.
"I'm the second in command with the Hell's demons," Dean heard himself say without any pride in his voice. Other people went to college, Dean Winchester went to hell instead.
"Crowley," Dean exclaimed loudly after entering the big loft above the diner, what made everybody stare at him. He just needed to pretend that nothing could affect him to keep his place in the gang.
It wasn’t a question rather than a statement and Dean wondered for a second if Cas needed this reassurement for himself. But then again, he had probably no interest in Dean, romantically or otherwise. He was just grateful for the help with his car.
“I think he protests at being called tiny,” Jo said, affectionately smiling down at two small faces.
“Sure, no problem!” Dean’s face almost cracked at how wide he grinned.
The moment they entered the warehouse, Dean knew that it would be very different from last time. No things were lying around, not even the occasional bottle, or the abandoned sleeping utensils of some homeless person. That meant no place to hide and ergo no place to go when shit went down.
With twins.
And then there was still Cas.
As Cas also rose to his feet, Dean took a step back, what provided Cas with a look of confusion on his face.
He answered: 'Buying my freedom. What are
“When you say it like this,” the older Winchester started but Cas interrupted him. “I was completely withdrawn from his conscious mind. I didn’t even notice, that a child was conceived and I should have.”
Cas got a quizzical look on his face, then a look of understanding drew across it.
It was strangely easy to live with Jo. She was an easy woman with not many complaints about Deans behavior. At first, he had tried to hide it from her, but beside from cooking spaghetti and doing his one colored laundry, he had no idea how to have a normal life.
Dean’s mood went from embarrassed to euphoric. What did he care what this girl thought about him, the only thing important was what
Also, a little bit of angst coming up; sometimes you need to break everything down to make a new start.
“The ultrasound indicates, that there is no problem with the baby and small cramps are normal in this stage of pregnancy, because the muscles that support the uterus have to stretch. But if they come more frequent and stronger, you should definitely go to a hospital.” She smiled all around at them. “Don’t hesitate on that.”
At the first mention of his mom, Cas had apparently looked up and was beside Dean at the end of the sentence.
“Okay.” Her laughter sounded exited now. “And it’s Harvelle, just for the forms.”
He reached into the small space and grabbed onto a gun he had never seen in his life before. It looked more like a colt, he corrected himself, as he looked it over, making sure, Benny hadn't seen what that he had found something. You could trust nobody in this kind of business.
“A lot more,” Sam answered for him. “They will all want to either kill or use the baby for their own purposes during its life. But we are here to protect it.”
“Alright, guys, I think we should get some shut-eye.” He raised his eyebrows at his brother to say something he didn't want to formulate into words. “I'll take the bed closest to the door, but whatever you do in yours, remember, I'm still in the room.”
He really hoped Cas was not listening.
Dean entered the shabby looking diner and waved at Benny, who was not only their getaway driver but also an excellent cook.
Maybe it was good, because it was possible that it was the last time Glynn saw her daughter. Dean really shouldn’t think about this, or the fact that he became like Sam and killed women with sex. But literally. He almost chuckled bitterly at that but could suppress it in the last second.
"What do you mean?" he asked dreading the answer already.
Then it hit him. He had just been thinking about how they would sell this car because Dean still had his Impala, that wasn’t perfect for the kids but was otherwise just awesome. How had he come to think of a future with this guy he met yesterday?
If you’re still reading this: I’m happy you do and hope to have gotten my inspiration back!
"Shouldn't you rather be concerned if I dated him?" Dean asked because he didn't know what else to say. How much had Cas told her about him? "I'm not exactly the best person to... date," he concluded awkwardly.
Dean knew from the two seconds he had listened at sex ED in high school, that if your claimed mate died, it would be horribly painful, but survivable. If he didn't mate with Cas though and he died in that stand of in two days, that would probably mean the alpha would die, too.
"Oh, but this is just the thing, isn't it? I don't have children, and I've always wanted an heir," Zachariah explained as if he was the host of s game show, as he slowly walked over to Cas. "I had thought about his brother Gabriel or his little sister since all of them are alphas, but this... connection with you is what convinced me. I finally gain full control, not only of the Hell's demons but also of the Winchester legacy."
It actively looked, as if Crowley had done something stupid and gotten himself in trouble of some kind. Dean found his suspicions were confirmed when another black-clothed figure approached the two and the words "want the second", and "revenge" were floating over to him.
“What else did he want,” Cas asked in a voice, that was unusually calm for his investigations and incomprehensible for Dean, who was boiling in rage.
For the birth, Glynn wanted to make sure, that the baby girl as laying in the right position, so Cas came up with the idea of an ultra sound. If something weird came up, they could delete the doctor’s memory, at least try it and that was enough for the three people, who lived under the same roof as Dean. He was overly sceptical about everything, that could provide at least a little risk, and he knew that, but he couldn’t suppress the feeling of danger all around them.
They got to the house of the childminder pretty quickly and Dean waited in the car until father and daughter had said their goodbyes. He heard Mia through the open window, telling his daddy that she would cook soup for him, in a way that was really impressive for an eighteen-month-old child.
The next hours happened in a blur for Dean. He primarily stumbled into his house, surprised to find his wife sitting calmly in his armchair, the hospital bag in her lap. After hurling her into his Baby, not even thinking about the strains this maneuver could leave on his beloved leather seats, he dialed Sam’s number even though it was just the beginning and it was in the middle of the night. He let Jo talk to her, being to occupied with driving and not freaking out.
And then Jo was suddenly pregnant. Dean had been below an old car when she phoned him and hit his head on the underside.
I hope it was cute enough^^
And smiled. She smiled one of those big, gummy smiles where you could actually see that there were no teeth in her mouth yet. Whatever Cas had said, it had probably been something about the hunter, who felt very stupid right now at his jealousy.
“I don’t know what angels you are talking about, but I will kill the abomination,” he snarled, gripped Dean at his collar and started to lift him. “And if I have to kill a Winchester or two on that way, well, it would be a pleasure to me.”
So, when they finally went to the register office to marry, Dean had had a big bump on his forehead and the lack of kissing irritated even the bored guy that took their ‘I will’s. Nonetheless, they both had the feeling that this was somehow right, and they weren’t missing much in their new life plan.
The momentum of his hurried walk made him almost faceplant into a head of dark, messy bed hair. Drawing in a sharp breath while finding stability in clutching to the other's sleeve with his unoccupied hand, Dean knew before the man turned who he had run into.
“It’snotyourfaultyourfamilyisshitandyourwifeprobablyhasdepressions,” Dean pressed out in a hurry to make himself say everything he needed to say. At Cas puzzled look he obviously did exactly what Dean Winchester always does. Something dumb.
“I would recognise this car everywhere.”
"And I need you not to tell anybody about me. I mean the stuff with the, you know." He lowered his voice. "Robbery and so on."
Dean and Jo drive to the hospital and Dean has a lot of self doubt, what is really, really not helpful for Jo.
They got monthly updates from Crowley, which they mostly ignored, and Dean finally understood what other people saw in the apple pie life. Which was not only the apple pies.
Because he was going into heat. Even if he had taken all the possible suppressants that were said to make you impotent after time and that were clearly said to prevent from situations like that, he was about to go into heat in the middle of nowhere, two bus rides from the only safe place he knew.
“Let’s see if we can find my wife, hm?” Dean said awkwardly after clearing his throat.
“Okay,” Dean stated out loud and shook his head to get rid of his last thought. “Sam, do you remember what this thing on Cas’ stomach looks like?” The bewildered look on his brother’s face indicated a no, at what the older Winchester mumbled: “I will do it myself then.”
Cas face broke into a wide smile immediately, and the hunter decided to drop his forehead to the other’s neck so that he didn't see his face actually reddening as he felt it did. This had never happened to him with any girl before as he tended to be very confident there. Or at least he pretended to be.
“You don’t like not being in control,” Cas concluded pulling the chair over so he could sit beside Dean. “ I’m sorry I used my alpha voice on you when we first met.”
After a few tense minutes, a slightly wet sound broke the almost silence, but before Dean could have a look, the doctor turned around with the second body in his arms.
"So Zachariah, head of the Heaven's angels is your biological uncle?" Sam asked for the umpteenth time while pacing the room. Dean wondered for a brief second why he hadn't gone home by now, to his beautiful fiancée, into his normal life.
"I'm sorry, that won't be possible." Dean wanted to kick the others fake-pitying look directly off his face. "But since you finally have arrived, I can reveal the cause of our gathering." A few of Zachariah's minions pointed their guns at the omega, and he just rolled his eyes for everybody to see.
“No offense, Cas, but I need a few hours for myself.” Yeah, to bathe in your denial and to drown your sorrows in alcohol and low cleavages. The angel didn’t reply. Well, fuck, that did sting, but whatever.
Damn it, Dean, his homeless, irresponsible old self thought. When did you become a complete chick-flick with family and love and all this shit? For a second his ol’ dad’s voice came to his mind, yelling at him, how no son of his could be gay or cry like a little bitch.
“Sad?” a tiny voice in his arms asked, accompanied by a small hand on his face. He smiled down at Cas daughter and said: “Yeah, I’m fine.” I’m just worried about your parents. And guilty for thinking of your mom as a problem, even if only for a few seconds.
Concentrated on his screen, Sam didn’t see how Dean made faces at him, but if it made Cas smile, it was worth it. “Sounds like they try to fish for a little bit of attention,” the older hunter said and his brothers frown deepened even further.
What the people on this table had was way stronger than that. They were a family because they chose to and kept fighting for it, even if there were so many troubles to it. And even if people were missing and it hurt like shit, it was everything Dean had ever wished for and never deserved. He just needed them to stay. He needed him to stay so badly.
“So, she will not like this, but we need to get her a little bit cleaner. It’s almost fall, that means it’s not nice and warm,” indicating by his voice he was now talking to the half-a-day old person of them, “but we will be fast, all right?”
Cas looked… different. He had put on some jeans and a t-shirt, that had once belonged to Dean and had been stuffed into one of the emergency duffel bags. Above that, he was wearing a dark blue jacket, they had probably purchased at Walmart and he was slipping on a pair of his new own hunter's boots right now.
"BOY!" I spun around quickly to see the old demon cook shout at me.
"This is the type of things that I mean. He gets shocked, scared and he is even sometimes kind an recourseful. Perhaps there is something wrong with him." Michael shakes his head and looks down sadly.
"A-are you saying, you're in love with me?" She asked in an almost hopeful sort of way and i smile.
"She will grow up one day Dean, and I no one comes to claim her then she will be yours. You also need to figure out what you're going to tell everyone." I grimace slightly as I try and come up with a solution to the predicament.
"Hello Michael." I nod in respect and he stands up.
"Good afternoon your majesty." Crowley smiles at me grimly and I bow to him before bowing to my father also as a sign of respect. I then sit down on Crowley's right hand side and the meeting begins. However my head is not really in it and I'm just twitching impatiently the whole time that it is going on. Finally after what seems like five hours Crowley calls the meeting to and end and I rush back out of the castle to go back to the carpenters where the crib is waiting for me. I thank the man and carry it back up to the castle with ease. Angel slaves and demons are looking at me strangely as I carry the crib through the courtyard and through the castle but I decided to just ignore them all and take it straight to my chambers where Sam was still sat, cuddling the little girl I put the crib down and rush around collecting a bunch of blankets and quilts and pillows for her before pushing them all into the crib and looking at Sam proudly.
“Wait.” He whispers out, his voice choking slightly. I don’t say anything but just look at him frightened, wondering what he would do to a demon that had wings. “Y-you have black wings.”
“Hold on tight feathers.” He whispers as he swoops up into the air and towards his castle with speed I had never even thought possible. We landed on a balcony at the highest peak of the castle and Castiel unlocked the door with a swish of his fingers. There were two angels already in there and they looked at him with a raised eyebrow as he brought me in.
“Good morrow son. Are you looking forwards to your ball tonight?” I grunted and sat by his feet. “What’s wrong?”
“You sure you’re feeling up to it?” Cas joked and Dean gave him a small nudge before grabbing Castiel’s hand and pulling him out of the cubicle and then out of the toilet, completely ignoring the stares that he got off his colleagues from work. Dean Winchester didn’t give a fuck what people thought about his and Castiel’s relationship anymore. He was done hiding. He was done people saying that they couldn’t be together for any reason but a reason that was actually plausible in both their minds. They would be together no matter what anybody else said or did and that was that.
"HURRY UP!" Val called and we step away from each other and roll our eyes.
“Alright then.” He says, nodding his head and smiling. I squeal and wrap my arms around his neck before kissing his cheek and then running off, going to find Marian so she can take me. Before I knew it we were on our way towards the woods and hopefully Castiel would already be there.
"What are you doing?" I chuckle loudly and he turns his head to look at me, his eyes glittering in mischief.
Even though he was tired he still carried on pulsíng my cóck up and down quickly and even went as far as slipping my leggings down slightly and wrappíng his mouth around it and began suckíng me and lícking me greedily so i would come in his mouth. I líck of his tongue across my típ sent me piling over the edge of my orgásm, making me shout out his name in pure pleasure. He crawled back up to face me, swallowing down the rest of my come and i reached out my hand to wipe a bit off the corner of his mouth with my thumb and he súcked it off slowly, looking into my eyes.
“I don’t care. I don’t care if you have a nice life going here; I want to be a part of it! You’ve seen me now and I’ve seen you. Ten thousand years Castiel, ten thousand fucking years without you has been hell on earth. I looked for you for over a hundred years until I gave up, thinking that you had gone back up to heaven or something. You really think that just because it’s been so long that I’m gonna walk away and pretend this never happened?
"Answer the question, Castiel. Don't play around." He eyebrows were furrowed but her eyes were wide, giving me a sort of puppy dog look. I mumbled something out and she hit me across the shoulder. "Stop mumbling."
I sigh as I fold up the letter again and slip it back under all my legal documents, not being able to bring myself to throw it in the fire. I knew that I would never be able to give that letter to Castiel and especially not now seen as I am married but it made me feel better, it made me have that one shred of hope that Castiel and I could be together one day…
“Thank you Prince Samuel.” I say bowing and he rolls his eyes and give me a only what I can describe as a pouted annoyed face.
“I don’t care.”
“Haunted?” I ask, looking around worriedly for any signs of a ghost.
"Maybe not, but you were thinking it." I snap at his grinning face. The door too my chambers slowly opens as a woman wrapped in chains and carrying a new born baby. She looks at me in terror and then at the baby in my hands in surprise before 'tutting' and shaking her head.
“You look beautiful this evening my lady.” I say to the redheaded woman sitting in front of me.
There were millions upon millions more of them now, like suddenly the world had become over populated with humans and angels and demons had been pushed into the background, most humans thinking that they are not real or thinking that they cannot be seen by the human eye when in actual fact, they were walking among them.
"What's your name, little red?" He asks, his voice almost echoing around the trees and i blinked a few times before answering.
"Valentina." I say, nodding my head at her and she nods back seriously without saying a word. "You came."
"The fact that you still call it sard." He laughs and I grunt in response.
"Did you know that today is Christmas?" I raised my eyebrows at him as me and Dean looks confused.
"WHAT?!" Dean called back finally and she burst into our room. We both quickly reached towards the covers and pulled them up our waist so everything was covered as she skipped in and hopped on to bed. Dean stiffened slightly and edged away from her while i was still trying to cover myself up awkwardly.
“You love the King of angels? The king of the demons loves the king of the angels? This society is messed up.” Anna exclaims, shaking her head in disbelief while I’m still staring at Dean in utter shock.
"Find him." I order harshly before sitting down on my throne and twiddling my angel blade in my hand. Within moments they came back and said that Crowley had arrived and I waved them to bring him in.
"I don't wanna hear it, I have to split myself in half and go too two separate quarters." I grumble and he laughs.
I get out my toy angel and hold it up next to the castle, pretending that the angel was flying off the peak of the castle and just floating around. I smile before looking around cautiously and slipping off the wall. I check on Marian to see that she is fast asleep before climbing up a tree and standing steadily on a branch. I breathe out heavily to calm down my beating heart before falling fowards off the branch. Time to fly.
"We were walking into town and she asked me about it. She must have read about it somewhere so i told her. She asked how me and you did it seen as we were both men and i told her and she groaned and sat down in the middle of the forest and refused to move or even talk to me for an hour straight."
Where they strung up a man, they say who murdered three.
“Then I’m not going anywhere. I could sit here all night.” I move my hips slightly to try and get comfortable but he gasps as I do so, a blush creeping up his neck. I feel his cock hardening through his leggings and raise my eyebrows at him, grinning mischievously. “Well hello your highness.”
"Will you marry me?" I ask, opening the box to pull out a ruby ring. The ruby is the colour of the roses and her cloak and she looks at me in shock when she see's it. Her eyes flickering back and forth from me, to the ring and back again.
"Yeah yeah, father will know that we've been in his room blah blah blah. But that also means that he can keep Castiel in here for as long as he wants before finally handing him over to you. You know what father is like, he will wear himself out on him before finally handing him over." I nod my head before looking back at Castiel who looks so hopeless all tied up and bruised. It also kind of turned me of but that wasn't important right now. I gulped and walked over to him.
“Yeah, I like that one.” Cas says, smiling at the door with curiosity and happiness lining his eyes. “I like her very much.”
"Rough day?" She asked, taking a step towards me and I remembered what Castiel said about not trying to find him so I placed my hands on her wait and rested my forehead against hers.
"Look, I can talk to my father so it will just be me from now on." He says finally and I look at him suspiciously.
"I don't particularly know why you hate me when i haven't ever actually done anything to you or your family."
"Well noticed little red. But i would stop being that thing for you." I shoot her my best smile and she blushes and takes the ring out of the box.
"This is going to be difficult, i can tell."
"Come to my chambers." She says but I shake my head.
"We should name her Dean." Sam says suddenly making me snap out of my trance.
It all happened too quickly. I had to say something about swearing down on Lucifer that I would honour and protect my kingdom and them my father placed the crown on my bowed head. I stood in front of the thrown but before I turned around I looked down and saw the marks where Castiel had tried to shove jewels in it and smiled. I turned around to my people and the loud man shouted out again;
"But, why me? Why not father?"
"That was the most stressful experience of my life."
“I can’t tell you that either. I’m not meant to mention anything but if you went to see him I’m sure that it would make him a little better you know….” I bite my lip and place both my hands behind my head turning away from him. “Please Dean, just once will do.”
"Of course not your majesty, only every angel slave there is." I chuckle at her comment before turning around as she is slowly covering herself up with her rags. She hands the baby back to me, putting it in the right position before looking at me in the eye.
"Do you love him?" He asked harshly, gritting his teeth.
"Demons tell their children about their séx lives, it's in my nature."
We got back to the angel city in the dead of night, silently riding through the quiet streets to try and not awake anybody and cause a midnight celebration that we were all way too tired to cope with right now. I rode up to the castle and let a servant take my horse before entering the castle and walking up to my chambers. When I entered them I saw Leliel lying asleep in our bed and leaned against the door frame watching her sleep sadly. She was lying on her back so I could see the growing bump forming on her stomach and went over to her quietly. As gently as I could I placed my hands on her stomach and closed my eyes, using my powers to try and feel the baby’s heartbeat.
If we met at midnight in the hanging tree.
"It's Sam! What's the point in shortening my name if your just going to make it long again by adding some stupid vowel at the end?!" She groans and I roll my eyes.
"Do they argue a lot?" I ask and she nods her head.
"I'm sorry that i tricked you into thinking anything, i'm sorry for tricking you into thinking that i may have loved you and for thinking that i was a sex slave. I'm much more than some low angel that you normally catch Dean."
“We best go a bit further just to be on the safe side.” We start travelling into the forest which the whole journey is filled with either me or Castiel shouting for Valentina to stay close so we could see her in which she replied;
My brain answers back.
"I walk looking for Gabriel, found you instead." He laughs and I shake my head at him.
I'm lying in bed completely naked with my arms resting on the headrest behind me, shaking my head and laughing at Castiel who was rummaging through my wardrobe.
"I need to go back in." The guards look at each other before looking back to me and nodding their heads, standing apart from the door slightly to let me in. I walked slowly into the room again and tiptoed into the king's bedroom where he was writing some kind of letter. I coughed to let him know I was here and he turned in his chair looking at me angrily.
"That's nice Dean and i love you too but i'm so horny right now and i can't think straight so will you please just... fuck me!" I say through gritted teeth, staring up at him intently. He raises and eyebrow up in amusement before leaning down again and carrying on his actions from before. "Oh god yes, show me how much you love me Dean." I moan out eagerly as he bites my lip softly and fastens the pace of his hand, grinding himself on my leg. My hips bucks beyond my control, as if they had a mind of themselves as my kisses got sloppy.
***Don’t worry, I’m not good at writing straight smut so no sex lmfao***
Cas (POV) *a few months later*
My emotions were all over the place as I flew at top speed back to the demon kingdom, my large black wings flapping furiously as I swooped and ducked over the treetops and towards the looming black castle that had had my child hostage for all these years. I was angry, hurt and I felt so betrayed by the demon I had come to love. I was so ready to kill him and I smashed through the stained glass window, making the demons jump out of their skin as I plummeted down towards the ground and landed heavily, looking around the hall with flames in my eyes.
“We’re nearly there Val, only one more days ride and we will be there.” She sighs and nods at me before turning her back one again so I look at Castiel and roll my eyes.
“You look good, very royal.”
it all relies on you now.
“I’m sorry Dean, I wish things were different.” He whispers almost frantically, gulping and looking around us to see if anyone was listening in.
"Next time you will address me as 'Your Majesty' and you will bow to me whenever you see me. Do you understand?"
“We could still-“
"Because he doesn't exactly like our father, Dean. He only copes with him because he is good at his job and he rules the people well." Sam explained sassily, speaking to me as if I was stupid.
Castiel walked into a side street and saw a coffee shop just up the street a bit so he decided to get something to drink, waste time a little before wanting to die all over again by seeing his daughter in some way or form. Sometimes she took the form of a teenage girl but most of the time it was the little girl of 5 or 6 years old, the little girl that Dean and him had taken away from the kingdoms and raised in the middle of a forest. The innocent little girl who did not deserve anything bad to happen to her but did anyway.
“What?”
"Fuck." He replied and I grimace.
“Well? How do I look?” Anna asked me, coming into my bedroom with a corset and some silk pants on.
"Yes."
“Nothing.”
"Me neither."
-the next day-
"I hope you live a long and happy life here Castiel. I will pop in and pay a visit to Gabriel, telling him how you are. Goodbye my son and Dean, it was nice meeting you." Dean nods in respect and stands up at the same time I do to walk my father out of the house. He exits and stops to watch Valentina for a moment before turning around to look at us.
“DAMN IT!” He shouted and threw down the clothes angrily. “WHY DOES A PERSON NEED TO WEAR THIS MANY CLOTHES IN ONE NIGHT?”
“Leliel stop!”
“Well you see… we don’t wear pants with this and frankly, the breeze his quiet refreshing!” He starts laughing madly and normally I would be disgusted by what he just said but because of his charisma and the way he said it I find myself laughing along with the Golden haired crazy, amazing angel.
“C-Cas?” Dean croaked out after a minute or two of complete silence from the two, both of them too preoccupied with staring at each other instead. Castiel nodded slowly and seriously, gulping down the lump that had caught in his throat so suddenly at the sound of Dean’s voice. It was the same. Still gentle but gravelly and deep, full of emotions that hit every part of Castiel’s grace which made him well up. Castiel’s bottom lip started trembling emotionally and he tried to stop it, he really did but seeing Dean and hearing him say his name after so long was too much for Castiel, especially on such an emotional day.
“Ain’t you the young prince?” He asked, biting down on an apple in which he got from nowhere.
"No! I mean, you can stay if you want i just..."
I hold onto Marian's hand firmly as she leads me out of the castle and helps me up onto my pony that i was learning to ride. It was a fun activity but i prefered killing uncle sammy when he pretends to be a giant or playing with the wooden angel that papa carved for me. It's my favourite toy and i brought it everywhere with me. To make sure i pat in the pockets of the cloak and sure enough i feel the wooden angel in my pocket for me to play with when we get to the woods. We start riding slowly there because dada says i'm not old enough to gallop yet but i am looking forward to doing so, apparently it is really fun but it also hurts your bottom.
The whole way back, Valentina was talking about the puppet show and which aspects she liked the best of it. She told us the whole story while Dean grumbled under his breath about 'being there' and 'yes, i've seen it'. I just smiled fondly at her and listened to what she had to say. When she had finished i reached into the basket and pulled out an apple to give to her.
"I need your help Castiel!" He says quickly and my eyes widen in shock.
"Get out Azazel, give the woman some privacy." I say to him, dragging him out with me as Amelia starts to get her breast out once again. I stand in the hallway with Azazel and am prepared for any questions he may ask.
“Out of all the things we have just said, that is what you pick up on? Why do you care if the Queen of the Angels is pregnant?” He frowns at me and looks down at the floor awkwardly which makes me quite confused.
"Oh." I say, looking down at her lips. She closes her eyes slowly and i gulp before leaning in and pressing my lips on hers, my own eyes drifting slowly closed. The kiss lingered for a minute or so before we pull away and she looks away from me in embaressment.
We start marching a few days after when my first in command, Alistair gets our demons fitted up and ready for battle. Sam follows us out of the gates and into battle but I tell him to go back.
“Yes baby girl, I’m here.” I whisper, feeling slight conscious of the fact that her real father was watching on sadly. “I have something to tell you okay but first you have to pack a bag.”
“What is his name? Where do you live?” He asks me calmly, his eyes boring right into my soul. My lip trembles but I don’t answer him, instead I just point to where the demon castle is, towards the black tower peaking above the trees. “Dean.” Castiel whispers out and I look at him quickly.
"Sorry?" He asks in confusion. "What are you sorry for?"
“Like I said, mind trick. I don’t really need my powers to do things like that. You’ve seen Gabriel’s magic tricks; well it’s sort of like that.”
"Err no, I mean err, I was just cleaning your living quarters and I was just about to take these down to the washroom." I stammered out and the king tapped his food impatiently. "I'll go now."
"Yes." We slip back into silence and I look around the hall once again, frowning. "The Winchester will be our guests, not our prisoners. They are half of our own and we must let their father and Crowley know that we have NOT kidnapped them. We are not ready for this war yet." With that I stride out of the hall, my cloak swishing wildly behind me, leaving my advisors, Gabriel and Michael to deal with the two demons. I decided to go up to my study rather than my chambers, wanting to be alone for a while. Once I got up the long spiral staircase I walked out onto the balcony and breathed in the fresh evening air. It was windy out and the weather made my cloak swish around my ankles, the cold biting into my skin. I shivered slightly and spread out my large wings, letting the wind travel through them. I stood like this, listening to the early evening sounds with my eyes closed, keeping my thoughts swirling around my head. This was how I came to a decision normally and hopefully it would help with the current situation. I must have even stood there like a statue for a good ten minutes before a knock at the balcony door snapped me out of my thoughts. I turned around quickly and saw Dean on the other side of the glass, tapping it slightly. I open the doors with my magic and he steps back quickly as the swing open. He looks at me in silence before suddenly bowing down to me. I smile and shake my head at him as he come back up from bowing and grins back at me.
"What are you smiling at you weirdo?" He asks, letting his own smile slip onto his lips.
"Of course not daddy, i promise i would never do that! But i did see an angel, he spoke to me!" I giggled and he leant back in his chair and crossed his arms.
“Why should I believe you?” I spit out and he looks at me softly and pleadingly.
"Crying? Like the humans do when they are emotional?" I ask in wonder and he nods slowly.
She falls asleep midway during the lullaby and I finally tiptoe off towards the great hall where I had work to do. I couldn’t do it in my study anymore because that had been turned into a bedroom for Valentina. I sat down at a desk at the side of the hall and began writing an official letter of some kind to my father. I had given the room beside mine to Amelia who had helped me with Valentina for over two years now. She was the one that woke up in the middle of the night to feed her but I did everything else for her. I changed her and played with her, I bathed her and because her hair was growing so long now I even brushed it for her. I actually counted her as my daughter and sometimes that I forget that I just found her near a river. I couldn’t believe that anyone would want to give this child up.
"Don't be angry okay?"
“What?” He mumbled, stopping dead in his tracks.
"I can't, the king wants me after the ball is finished." I exclaim and she huffs at me.
"Alright, who is it then?"
“How is your wedding dress coming along?” I ask her and she shakes her head, making her red curls bounce slightly.
“I want to fall in love with you again Leliel. If I did everything would be so much easier.” His voice was so full of honesty and despair and I knew that I had to do it. I had to do everything in my power to get him fall in love with me again. I grab his hand and start dragging him out of his study carefully as he looks at me sceptically.
"What could be more important?"
“We would love to have him Dean but it would be too complicated. He’d be an outcast in this area.” He says to me sadly and I sigh and look back at the blue-eyed angel.
“I have to go out.” Castiel says to me, holding a letter in his hands. I look at him sceptically from the bed and lean back on the headboard.
I just wish that I would not have to see her every 18 years. It was heart breaking and I had no one to talk to about it. I knew Dean would see her too but he had Sam. I suppose I could go to Gabriel but I had absolutely no idea where he was either. I was all alone.
“Erm, Castiel?” I say again but it comes out as more of a question. “Why, do you know him?”
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean nodded, using one hand to scratch behind Baby’s ear, while he ruffled Sam’s hair in the way Sam hated with the other.
Dean grabbed his sketchbook back up. He probably had ten minutes free now, so he might as well get started on those designs. It wasn’t like he was going to be able to think about much more until he’s at least begun to get all the ideas in his head down onto a page. He was probably going to end up with three different ideas for Cas to choose between—or mix-and-match between—just to make sure they were exactly what Cas had pictured.
Dean nodded, heading back to his station. He'd already known he was going to have a busy day, which was part of the reason he'd made sure to get his coffee. He was not going to make it through today without being caffeinated.
Dean made a few quiet snuffling noises, and then his eyes were blinking open as he woke, the green of his eyes emerging like plants in the spring. He was beautiful as he emerged from his dreams, sleepy grumbles escaping his throat as he returned to the land of the living.
He loved Dean, and the public didn’t need to know that for it to be true. They could wonder all they wanted about the mystery woman, they could yell questions at Dean until they were blue in the face, and they could make theories and conspiracies all they wanted. At the end of the day, nothing would change. Cas would still love Dean, and Dean would still love Cas, and that would be how it stayed.
"You're a tricky boy to track down," Dean called out as he trampled through the field, flopping down next to Cas and following his gaze to the sky above them. It was dark, with little light pollution this far out, and the stars were gleaming in the way that always took Dean's breath away.
"Hello, Dean. Benny, Charlie," Castiel smiled as he slid into his seat and took a moment to just breathe, resting his head on his hands and enjoying the moment of freedom to sit with those he counted as family.
"So we're keeping them?" Sam double checked, sitting down in his own seat and starting to pet Cas' head. It felt amazing, Sam knew exactly how to stroke a cat, and Cas had always felt safe around Sam... but he wanted to go to Dean. He looked so vulnerable when he thought everyone was looking away, and he wanted to go and hug him, reassure him that he was still there. Cats couldn’t hug, but Cas was sure he would be able to find the next best thing.
The babies!!
"Wow," Cas breathed out, tears gathering in his eyes as he stared at the designs, "I—I love them. Dean, these are amazing!"
Ayyyy!! It's that time of the week again!! I'm back and I come bearing chapter!!
Cas nodded, and for a while the room was quiet, the only noises the calming buzz of the gun and Cas' measured breathing. Dean carefully followed the lines, his hand steadier than it ever was in his day-to-day life. Apart from a slight start when Dean first started, Cas took it like a champ.
Over time, Dean could honestly say that he forgot that Cas wasn't human. Sure, the guy had some quirks, but he wasn't obviously 'other' in any way which couldn't be explained away by 'bad at social situations' and the odd case of 'that's just Cas, he does that' to the extent that Dean would completely forget until something happened, and Dean was reminded that Cas wasn't just like him. It probably helped that Dean didn't actually know what Cas was - even after so long of sharing a room, he still didn't know - so he didn't really have any assumptions to base Cas' behaviour on. He was just Cas.
Cas hadn’t started yet by the time Dean was settled, but his lyra was lowered and Dean could tell he was about to. The audience was holding their breath, aware that they were about to witness magic, and Cas… Cas was smiling. He was relaxed, he was happy, he was exactly where he wanted to be.
"Alright, if you want to book our next appointment with Claire on your way out," Dean told him, "she'll probably go over the care instructions I've already told you, she has to in case you weren't listening to me, so listen, and if you have any questions, make sure to ask. Infected tattoos are not fun. Capiche?"
"Still needs some work," Cas shrugged, "I'm glad you think it's good though."
"Jack, are you sure you couldn't find him?" Claire continued, spinning to pin Jack under his slightly wild gaze.
I remembered!
He said he wanted this, yet he was avoiding Cas?
"Confusing the press is not the most important reason here!" he gasped, his offended look belied by the fondness in his voice.
With more physical effort than he thought he had ever used, he forced his eyes open and gazed around the room. Everything had grown since he had landed and there was definitely something off, beside the size. The colours were weird, and he felt weird, and the proportions were weird, and the massive feet in front of him were especially weird.
"Of course I'm going to listen to you. I want to hear your reasons, even if we can't fix anything at the end of it."
"Yeah alright," Sam walked into the kitchen and grabbed the dry cat food from the cupboard, "here you go buddy, enjoy." And then he put Cas on the floor and went to go and make himself a sandwich.
I'll see you next week!!!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey what's over here?" Footsteps started walking closer, loud and heavy and much larger than he had been expecting. It felt like they were six feet long, and right next to his head, and although Cas knew they wouldn't hurt him, the vulnerability he was feeling was enough to have him tensing up.
With Cas' support, Dean had called Bobby. Their first conversation had only been short, but it had been a start. Dean had been invited to more than one extended family gathering, and he'd even brought Sam to a couple, and it was lovely to see everyone again. Just like the forest, Dean hadn't realized how much he missed them all until he saw them again. It seemed they all disliked John and Mary even more than Dean, expressing their disappointment in their choices more than once, which Cas heartily agreed with.
This was really his life. This was really happening. Dean didn't think he'd ever been happier.
I hope you've all been doing well!
"I know." Dean wiped a corner of his eye that looked suspiciously wet. "You're the best thing that ever happened to me. I didn't want to risk that, and I just ended up making it even worse."
“Are there more places like this one?”
"Dean," Cas murmured. Dean didn't think he'd ever heard a better sound than the way Cas' voice wrapped around his name. There was so much love, adoration, hope, in his voice that Dean almost started crying. Cas gently cupped his cheek, smiling when Dean leant into it.
He swallowed down the last of his drink and stood up, stretching his arms above his head. He couldn't go and pick Dean up, not unless they wanted to explain how they knew each other well enough to do airport trips, so Dean used a car service. He wouldn’t arrive home until late tomorrow; the flights weren't that long but he was doing an interview during his layover in Indiana.
Anyway! Hopefully you'll enjoy this chapter!
Cas meowed loudly, rubbing his head against Dean’s chest like his touch might be able to get rid of the sadness in Dean’s voice, like his presence might be able to fix everything that he hadn't even realised was broken.
"That must have been nice," Cas murmurs, "being so sure of what you wanted your future to be."
Okay but in all honestly, I'm really sorry. I was going to update yesterday, but life is wild, and I never finished editing.
Dean seemed to think for a moment before he frowned, "my room is filled with weapons, I can't take them there."
Cas tightened his arms around Dean's waist, "I think we are both at fault. I could have initiated this conversation months ago. But that's okay, because now we can both work to make it better."
Dean wasn't entirely sure if it was purely a bad emotion, whatever Cas was feeling, but it seemed to be making him sad  for whatever reason  and he kept on wandering off. At first Dean just thought it was the town they were staying in, but Cas continued to act weird even after they moved on to the next town, and the town after that.
Castiel meowed loudly, pure anger escaping in the simple noise. Of course he was going to come back. He had promised Dean that he would never leave him, and he was planning to keep that promise. He managed to startle a quiet laugh out of Dean, and even though it wasn’t much, it felt like everything.
It wasn't true of course, and the pretence did little more than push Sam and Dean further away, but they still came to the family dinners when they were told they were happening, and sat through three hours of awkwardness, and promised themselves on the way home to never go again.
And yet still their parents clung to traditions. They liked pretending they were all one big happy family, one of the really close ones whose children went to college in the same state so they could stay nearby, and had weekly family calls to catch up, and probably some kind of family group chat.
"Sorry," Dean murmured, "I shouldn't have yelled. I'm just- I'm worried." His words were empty compared to earlier, all his emotion trickling away from him like water in cupped hands.
"Cool," Dean nodded, "what about hand holding, oh! And cuddling?"
Let me know what you guys thought! And I'll see you next week!!
"It already is," Cas answered, even though Dean was barely halfway through the line work, and the scars were barely covered by this point. Dean knew what he meant though, even if it wasn't gone yet, it was going. Whatever pain was behind those scars, was little by little being covered by Dean's art. Dean wondered if he would ever find out the story there, and although it wasn't really his place, he hoped he would.
He felt the tension slipping out his shoulders as he hurried down the drive, slipping into the passenger seat with a, "Really? This is your car?"
The moment he touched the doorknob though there was an unexpected knock on the other side.
"Did that happen to you, Dean?" Sam sounded a bit worried, probably because the older Winchester wasn't saying anything. "Did he- did he hurt you?" Dean almost laughed, because of what had actually happened, but it wasn't really a funny situation. What if this guy had been some kind of knothead? What things had happened in the past to omegas who weren't as strong as Dean was?
"So, you're the omega, who doesn't want to date my brother," Anna stated as if she actually was responsible for Cas and not the other way around. After having looked at her in surprise, the omega looked down at his one boot.
Sam seemed to be more relaxed, though, Dean noticed. He laughed more and brought home a new cute baby jumper every time he left their home for grocery shopping or occasionally hunts.
Guessing from his facial expression, Cas was as taken aback as Dean at the sudden declaration. In all the years of their friendship, the older hunter had never said such a thing as “I love you” to anybody but his brother. It was understandable then, that the angel uttered the following.
Dean really tried to sleep that night. He lay in bed next to Jo because she had been feeling hormonally charged for the last few days. Also, he really liked to have a warm body next to him when he woke up the next morning but he would never admit that out loud. Blinking at the ceiling he kept thinking of Cas and his wrongly placed guilt, though.
"Am fine. You remember Jess? I introduced you two last time you visited." Dean nodded even if his brother couldn't see him. "Well it's getting pretty serious, and I plan on asking her to marry me."
"Actually that would be my brother Gabriel, but he has been missing for a while now. I only knew about our family's secret business when they told us at the funeral, and I think that's what had driven him away." Dean noticed with a fraction of his mind that Cas really needed to learn to express sadness or anger better while the rest was thinking about what could have been.
He had two broken ribs, his shoulder was hurting like a bitch and a guy in a horrible stiff suit was standing twenty feet away from him. His clothing screamed angel, but his eyes were filled with rage instead of the typical blank soldier gaze.
The Winchesters return home and then have to find a way to help Cas wife. Dean also gets nervous again, but Cas won' have any of his bullshit, of course.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nodded and Dean frowned. They had talked about this before, but the older hunter still didn’t like the decision they made. Of course, the bunker was a very safe space, but the safest thing, if there was immediate danger chasing you was to keep on track and always be one step ahead. Looking at the very pregnant woman in front of him, he had to admit, though, that calmness was the most important thing for her right now. After not dying.
“You all right, Cas?” the older Winchester asked while putting his hand on the angel’s shoulder. The other smiled.
“I don’t even know her name,” Dean mumbled realizing it just now.
“But if we already have what we wanted, why are we still here?” a most probably male person/vessel asked and Sam, who peaked through the door slit frowned. He gave his brother the hand signals for two angels and one victim without looking.
When he slowly drifted out of the depths of his wonderfully delusional mind, he was quickly reminded of why his consciousness had kept him down before.
“What I tried to say last time, but apparently was to chicken to is…” At the short break, Cas tried to intervene, but Dean held up his hand, looking the other straight in the eyes now. “No, wait, I got this.”
This time, the inducement would be celebration and not to think about what the future held for them.
“The child shares half of it’s DNA with Renata Boston” Glynn winced at that, “and the other half with Dean Winchester.” To hear it said out loud made it even more real and Dean swallowed hard.
Glynn was clutching Cas trench coat tightly while she bent forward over her large stomach, holding it and scrunching her face in pain.
Dean wanted to run over and punch the older man in the face for touching his mate, but Benny held him back.
Yeah, that’s right, Dean thought proudly. Inside of his leather jacket, wrapped securely in a blanket, was his and Cas daughter sleeping silently. She had fallen asleep about an hour ago after her angel daddy had caressed her forehead with his thumb and told her stuff Dean had no idea of in Enochian, say angel language.
But then he turned his head and saw Dean, his eyes dazzling as he gazed at the water, a massive grin spread across his face as he took the lake in, as his feet shifted as though the only thing stopping him from running forwards was the fact he didn’t know where he would run first. If Castiel had thought the lake was beautiful, Dean proved him wrong a million times over.
He sighed to himself when he arrived home and saw the reminder on the fridge, telling him to go to his parents dinner on Friday. Forgetting wasn't an option when it came to his parents, and so he always left a reminder for himself at least a week in advance, and always felt his heart sinking whenever he saw it throughout the week. He was not looking forward to this.
Back at the Bunker… with Sam… and Eileen… and… Jack... and no one. Dean blinked a couple of times quickly, trying to shake the weird feeling that had just come over him. He was absentmindedly spinning the ring around his finger, a muscle memory, though he didn't think he'd ever worn a ring there for long enough to make a muscle memory out of it.
"I recommend it. Gabe is a little trickster, but he's always good company."
It had been hidden beneath his suit collar, just like they always had to be, but an accidental, yet perfectly timed, head-tilt and wave combo had let the eagle-eyed and trigger-happy photographers jump into action.
"I'm certain. And before you ask, yes I checked the empty. I couldn't sense him anywhere."
Baby leaned forward and nosed at Dean's hair, snuffing against the strands which really needed cutting sometime soon. Maybe she was just looking for another apple, or thought Dean's hair smelled nice, but it was comforting and he would take the unsaid reassurance for what he hoped it was. He wrapped his arms around Baby's neck, thankful when she didn't move away and just let him cry against her strength.
Comments and Kudos mean the world to me!!
"Everyone sends their love, and Charlie wanted to warn you that you're going to have some pretty full days of tattooing when you get back. They all hope we have a good rest of our holiday, and look forward to seeing us when we're back."
Castiel nodded, wondering if he should take that as enough and start on the next problem. The faster they could get through it all, the faster they could mend bridges… it was just…That wasn't the whole story. If it had been, then maybe Cas wouldn't have had such a problem with the whole thing. Dean's story implied that Bela had asked him out a couple of times, maybe flirted, maybe tried to seduce him, but that he’d had no part in it. But Castiel only had a problem with it at all because of Dean's part in the whole thing.
Hope you like it!!!
"I have some things to tell you," Dean admitted slowly. "And I know, I'm sorry, I made a lot of mistakes, but-" He stopped there, clearly rethinking his words, "I'll just explain. It'll be easier that way."
"What do you think they would do if one day we just didn't turn up?"
"Well you're not reacting to this one, maybe it's one of those hypoallergenic breeds or something."
“Cool,” Dean whispered, able to feel how little magic Cas was using, and able to see how much better his technique was compared to last time Dean had seen him do something like this. Clearly John was helping perfect his magic, just as one would help their witch children. Maybe both of John’s children had turned out to be familiars, but clearly he had adopted Cas as his new child.
Mary smiled, grabbing his arm and pulling him back towards the living room, “come on, let's get you back to that witch of yours before John decides to keep him.”
“The other day, I had a dream,” Dean explained, “it was really weird, but he was in it. Cas was in it.”
Bela Tablot, Dean's co-star, was walking into the trailer. It really shouldn't be shocking—they worked together, after all—but Cas knew that there had been more rumors of Dean dating Bela than anyone else. She'd been the public’s most popular guess for who had caused Dean's hickey, and although Castiel normally didn't listen to rumors…
“Is that going to be possible?” Cas sounded so worried, like he expected Dean to throw him out for wanting something so specific, or maybe just tell him that it was too complicated, impossible to become a reality, and that Cas was just wasting Dean’s time.
One day, Cas would stop picking on him over it. But as long as Sam was around to find it equally funny, he couldn't see that happening any time soon.
Dean smiled gently in response, laying down in his bed and closing his eyes, his mind finally calm enough for him to slip off to sleep, the gentle weight of Cas' gaze making him feel protected and safe.
Dean: I’d love that.
"Is the lake close?" Dean asked, his voice low as though he was worried about shattering the tranquility of the forest. Castiel knew that wouldn't happen, knew he could scream at the top of his lungs and the peace of the forest wouldn't be affected, it would just keep on going like it always did.
“Cas? Where are you? Are you invisible?” Dean was still desperately searching the room, the only place he wasn’t even thinking to look was down at his lap, where Cas was still curled up, looking like a small bundle of black fur.
Dean's eyes practically started bugging out of his head. "Did you just say watch over me?"
"You care," Cas told him as though it deserved a thanks, when Dean couldn't have stopped caring about Cas even if he tried.
“I need to get these covered up,” Cas said quietly, his voice rough with pain—though it sounded emotional rather than physical. “I have—I have a friend. They promised that your shop would be able to cover them up—like they had never been there.”
"Come on, Cas," Dean sighed, "at least let me try! You've been off for weeks, I just want to get the normal carefree Cas back."
“Hello Dean,” Cas looked up with a soft smile, the plant looping through the air even while he put most of his focus on Dean.
To him, it probably was.
"Why is Whiskers on the counter?" Dean asked, walking into the room and scratching Cas' ears, "I thought animals on the counter was unsanitary."
He grabbed his bag and started heading out, waving to Claire when he passed and ignoring her knowing smirk. Whatever she thought she knew, she was wrong about, and that was that.
No college degree? His dad brought that up while serving the mash.
He was no longer a cat.
"I'm glad to hear that."
"Yay! I'm so proud of you!"
See you Sunday!!!
, and unless Castiel got out of the car soon he was going to have a very annoyed husband on his hands. Dean was trying to stall so that they could walk in together, and the longer Cas took to get out, the more reporters he would have to talk to.
"We can't just abandon them, we can take them back to the bunker. You've been all lonely recently, the cat can keep you company!"
"Have you won any cases recently?"
"I might have lost the ability to form words," Dean admitted with a shrug. "Now come on, what's the date?"
Dean felt his breath catch as he saw the two large scars that stretched down the majority of Cas’ back, from his shoulder blades all the way to the bottom of his ribs. They were neat, and had clearly healed well, but that didn't change the fact they were there.
‘Yes’ Cas wanted to say, ‘it was me, I’m over here.’ He couldn’t figure out who the voice was—which was weird because he knew he was supposed to know them—but he knew he cared about them, he knew he trusted them, and he knew he just wanted them there. He tried to open his eyes, so he might be able to see who it was, but his eyes felt like they were super glued shut and weighed a million tonnes, and even with his superior strength he still couldn’t pry them open.
Dean bowed quickly, moving in sync with Baby as the big top echoed with applause. Most performers lingered for a moment, soaking in the adrenaline and adoration which was all for them. Dean wasn't one of those performers. The moment he was done he bowed and bounced away, heading back behind the curtain. He accepted his friends’ congratulations, handed Sammy Baby's reins—he was the only one Dean trusted to keep an eye on her until the end of the show—and then, just as he did every evening, he hurried round the side to get to his favourite position to watch the next act.
He started to gather up his lunch, grabbing a tupperware to put his leftovers in for later, as well as stacking his plate and trash on the tray to return to craft services.
The curtains were closed. The door was hurriedly slammed behind her. The lights were off like they were pretending no one was inside.
Just like every other time, Cas just sighed quietly and said something vague. "Somewhere far away." And just like every other time, Dean just shrugged and took the answer as it was. He wasn't going to push Cas for more details than he wanted to give.
Everyone in the circus seemed to notice it, but no one could figure out how to help.
He couldn't stop himself from laughing when he saw the top story about the premiere. Every single front-page headline on every single newspaper was focused on Castiel's newest creation—no, it wasn't the beautiful dress he designed specifically for Jo Harvelle to wear to this red carpet, tying in aspects of her role as well as the natural flair she carried with her everywhere—it was the little bruise on Dean Winchester's neck.
Claire nodded, quiet for a moment before she asked, "would you like to hear some stories of him? So you can at least know the angel we knew?"
"Yeah. I didn't want you to… but I just want you to be happy, so I would have let you."
"Ready to go?" Castiel asked, securing the last strap of his rucksack. He'd apparently grown a lot since he'd last used it, and he'd had to redo all the straps to make it sit correctly across his shoulders. Dean had the other rucksack on, the straps adjusted so that it fit him properly, and he was pretty much jumping up and down in excitement as he waited for Castiel to say it was time.
"That's me," the guy grinned nervously with a deeper voice than Dean could have ever expected. He was slightly shorter than Dean—though stockier—with hair that was messy from the wind, but Dean got the feeling just from looking at the guy that it probably perpetually looked like someone had been running their fingers through it. Dean had to admit, despite the fact it probably wasn't professional, he was cute. More than cute. Try, breathtaking.
He took her moment of confusion for the opportunity it was, running towards her before she could get ready for an attack, his grace lighting up in his eyes as his hands started crackling with energy and a low blue light started emitting from his vessel. He didn’t know what was making the witch so powerful—even without her doing anything he could feel it—but it didn’t matter. What mattered was smiting her before she could hurt anyone else. What mattered was keeping Sam and Dean safe. What mattered was eradicating the threat.
And that's the end!!!
See you next week!! <3 <3 <3
Dean was quiet for a few moments, every part of him focused just on stroking Cas’ back. It quietened his mind, focusing on something small like petting a cat so he didn’t have to think. Cas stayed quiet as well, he didn’t really care about what Dean was saying about him—well, he did, but he refused to think about that because it just made him feel conceited—and he would rather keep quiet so that Dean could stay calm, rather than hearing more about what Dean thought about him. Dean would say what he wanted to say, and Cas didn't care about hearing any more.
By the end of their little impromptu story time, Dean hadn't remembered anything, but he had learnt a lot about Castiel, including—most importantly—the fact he wanted him back.
The person Dean figured was most likely to be his appointment was standing next to the desk, talking to Claire with unexpected familiarness. Dean couldn't tell what kind of creature he was, though he supposed it wasn't any of his business anyway. The guy looked relaxed and at home in the store, though Dean could tell it was a mask. Dean wondered what was under that mask. Was he worried? Excited? Scared? It was always difficult to tell, most of the time just because people felt all kinds of mixed emotions.
He heard the rumble of the Impala come from outside the warehouse and Cas allowed his eyes to slip closed. It was okay. Sam and Dean were here now, and the warehouse was safe. He had gotten rid of the witch before she could hurt anyone else, now he could take some time off. It had been too close today, if he had stayed away his friends would be gone, and he couldn’t bear to even think about that. Heaven could survive without him, just for a little while so that he could spend some time with the Winchesters. Maybe he could drop in upstairs while Sam and Dean were sleeping, to make sure it didn’t fall apart, without having to waste any time with his family.
The waiting room only had a couple of people sitting in their surprisingly comfortable chairs. There was a fairy who Dean was fairly certain was there for a piercing—she kept on glancing at the case they kept piercings in, and was fiddling with her ears—so Dean figured she couldn't be his consultation. This was confirmed a moment later when Charlie came out with her most bubbly smile and directed the fairy over to the case, probably to discuss what kind of piercing she wanted.
A cold, unpleasant shudder ran down Dean's back at those words, and he could recognize, that Cas looked just as mortified. Dean shouldn't have made him mate him, he shouldn't have...
“Yeah, well, I spoke to the victim and guess where Kate Mitchell found him,” His brother asked but it was clearly rhetorical. “He was laying in front of her flat.”
“Not much.” He smiled again. He somehow started to like her.
“Sammy,” the older Winchester said while shaking his brother awake.
"You know that it's not that easy," the demon leader started after a few seconds of shock, having found his slimy bargaining voice again. "Even though you have proven yourself very useful in the past few years, you and I had a deal." Dean knew the deal by heart, but of course, the King of Hell had to repeat it. "For your father's debts, you were willing to put yourself into my services if your brother got out. And I have held onto my part. I haven't even thought of that moose in over five years."
The angel had a hand on Skylar’s uncovered head and let his thumb brush over it as if he couldn’t quite believe that all of them had actually made it. Sam started the ignition and the familiar rumble of the engine calmed Dean down a little bit already.
They were both silent after that, each of them following their own thoughts. Dean really wanted to say more, he wanted Cas to understand, that his marriage didn’t mean, that he couldn’t go on dates or couldn’t fall in love with a man with ridiculously blue eyes. He also wanted to ask Cas if he was married or why he hadn’t seen or talked about Mia’s mother, but the thought about the black-haired man’s reaction in the morning stopped him.
“We should wait with this until everything is fine between you and your wife, I think,” the Winchester quietly said, while a part of his mind screamed at him for not getting in the others pants or at least mouth. He slightly leaned back and watched Cas open his eyes slowly.
“The Winchesters they are still-“ It was quiet for a second. Then Sam came to his feet and mimed Dean to get back from the door just about in time for a woman in a grey suit and a pale blue shirt to rip it open. “Speak of the devil,” she said and grinned.
Dean promised to be back at the high school when Cas was finished and drove off fast after that. He didn’t want to get into the turmoil, that high school students usually caused.
“Well, this woman and the other guy in that ch-“ The hunter stopped. The other really didn’t know. Something was going absolutely wrong in heaven, or this guy was just an idiot.
“All right”, Mary sighed heavily but with a soft smile on her lips. “I suppose there is nothing we can do today but shower and sleep and, most importantly, sticking together. I can take the sofa.”
The guy, that probably had a wife at home, whom he had a daughter with. That guy that was most likely straight. Even imagining him with any woman, or generally in bed with anybody else than Dean, made him strangely jealous. Goddamnit, he should just forget him. His beautiful blue eyes, his strangely arranged hair, that always looked like he just got up, his lean shoulders…
Dean met him almost every day, if it was in the morning, when they both headed off to work, or when they ‘accidently’ brought the trash out at the same time. Still, they never had enough time for a real conversation, because of the family life they both tried to manage besides working on a full-time job.
“Dean, I can already hear you panic over the phone,” Sam said with his bitchface voice. “Relax, I saw how he looks at you. He likes you.”
The waiting time was longer than any of them had anticipated, but this was probably what happened when your angel suddenly had the idea, that it was safe and important enough to go out and look at a blurry picture of your child.
Dean almost rolled his eyes. He had probably paid those debts a long time ago already, he had risen to be the second in command after all, but of course, Crowley didn't want to lose his best employee.
With a sight, the dark-haired man buried his face in his hands, and Dean didn’t resist the urge to lean over and wrap his friend/hopefully-more-than-a-friend tightly into his arms.
The other thought that kept him from calling his brother was that Sam was a beta and probably knew just as much about this kind of stuff as Dean did. No, he had to deal with it alone, in his own way.
Dean didn’t know, what Cas heard of that, because the angel didn’t utter a word for the whole drive, but the Winchester was nonetheless very relieved, when they arrived in the small city.
He was pulled out of his thoughts by Sam pulling at his sleeve and tearing him towards the kitchen.
They didn’t try to expect too much and after the first failure in the first month, they just tried again.
All of sudden a weird noise reached Dean’s ear. It was almost like a buzzing but more electrical than a fly…
It was only when he closed the door to his apartment that Dean noticed, he hadn't really stopped smiling since. Cas had driven him home in his horrible beige 1978 Lincoln Continental, but only after insisting on the other having dinner with them. Anna had grinned at them the whole time what had resulted in Dean blushing tremendously and Cas grabbing his hand under the table.
There were her daddies, her mom, her big sister Mia, her slightly younger brother Billy, uncle Sam, aunt Jess, cousins Henry and Deanna, uncle Bobby and Charlie from the other side of the road with her girlfriend Dorothy.
Strapping Sky into a car seat was weird after having her being hold by someone since she was born. She seemed content though and didn’t even fuss when Dean had to go around the car to slid in next to her.
The first time they went shopping for the mother and the little girl, Dean purchased five books on pregnancy and babies with the fake credit card. To his brother’s and maybe as well the angel’s surprise, he read them all in the following night. Since they got knowledge of the upcoming birth, the older Winchester felt as if everything was crumbling down around him and time was running out. As usual.
Then the considering voice of Claire Novak piped up. “Does this mean I’m getting a half-sister?”
“It’s from Hael,” Cas said after a suspenseful moment of his eyes flitting over the page. “She says she is sorry.” At the last words, his voice broke, but Dean still wasn’t sure if he should embrace him or not. Jo seemed to excuse herself to the kitchen after putting the twins in their shared crib, but neither man seemed to really have heard her.
To his right, he spotted a very asleep Cas in a rocking chair, fully clothed with a children’s book in his lap and weird glasses askew on his nose. Dean took a deep breath at that sight, not wanting to disturb the peaceful picture, but guessing that Cas neck would be stiff tomorrow if he slept in this position all night. None of them was getting younger.
"What if I had eight vessels full of Heaven's water, the drug, Zachariah's people promoted so persistent but never sold. What if the reason it never went viral was that my dad stole it from them."
Of course, Dean didn’t know about any of that. And of course, Dean was completely dumbstruck, when in his twisted, never resting hunters mind an all too familiar blue-eyed man appeared and asked, if he could come in.
"'M fine," Dean answered, but Cas knew by now that this verbal confirmation meant nothing and he raised a brow. "I will be better, okay? Stop worrying so much."
“She seems to have a good survival instinct,” Cas voiced quietly from Dean’s other side and when the hunter turned he noticed the others smile and lost himself without noticing in sky blue eyes. Damn being a dad already made him soft and the baby was not even born yet.
“You… what?” was the only answer the hunter could muster and a roaring laugh passed through his mind.
“Okay, take a photo and then let’s get out of here, I don’t think they will come back tonight.” After Dean had voiced this, his brother took out his phone; the clicking sound echoed loudly in the empty, cold church.
The two brothers almost made it to the room spoken of when they heard the scream of a woman down a corridor to their right. They fell into a run automatically. Their movements would have almost been beautifully synchrony if there wasn’t somebody in immediate danger.
“I have mostly been with men in my life. I met some woman, that I found attractive, but they were very special and very few.”
find that out.
He lightly tapped on the glass to not wake Mia, but still hard enough for Cas to suddenly jolt awake. As soon as he seemed to have comprehended where he was he seemed to see Dean through the window and his eyes went wide almost comically.
They had prepared this one nicely; it should go like clockwork. Two other men and one woman were behind Dean with guns, and one guy was waiting in the car with a running engine. The Winchester was the one to turn towards the cashier like most of the times and make sure he didn’t pull a gun or press an emergency button.
You can do it; it’s just Cas, Dean reminded himself over and over again, slowly pacing towards the door. As the pentagonal clock (he got as a wedding gift from his brother) on the kitchen counter made audible that it was 10 p.m., he came to a sudden halt and decided that it was now or never.
“Everything will be all right,” his wonderful wife said while she unbuckled her seatbelt. “Also, I just called my mom while you were blacked out and she is on her way from Nebraska straight to the hospital, so you probably should prepare yourself.”
"Okay, here it is. It's some kind of older law book, where omegas were still owned by alphas, so don't be irritated by the language." Dean almost chuckled at that, because his big, goofy little brother had always cared too much about how others felt.
They were only meant to attack if they made it out of the bunker, Dean realized. In front of them, a few feet ahead stood a lone angel, recognizable by his plain suit in dark blue and his stiff posture.
Dean watched from his weird position, how Cas eyes changed from lust-ridden to horrified when he registered the other's position plus facial expression.
To the omegas worry, Cas still didn't look scared. "That's how you got yourself hurt," he just concluded, calm as always.
The drive to Montrose, Colorado, was very awkward in Dean’s eyes. When sitting in his beloved Impala and not listening to his brother brabbling about his research, he normally let his mind wander in any possible direction. This was what he normally loved about driving a car, but now he very often had to recede to counting sheep or naming porn stars, when his thoughts took the wrong direction.
“Cas,” he said and saw surprise flicker across the man’s face. “I insist.”
The guy asserted to just have wandered around at night, because of course he couldn’t sleep with all that was going on without people knowing and he had passed a church and there he stood. Or she, he stammered, it had been too dark.
After they had registered and had the first examination, they had to wait for the contractions to get closer and more powerful. While he tried to help his wife through the worst of the pain, Dean’s panicking mind found a new direction to pace in.
She was now standing in front of them breathing heavily and having a very angry expression on her face.
He knew he was rambling, but he couldn't help it. Everything he saw, when he closed his eyes were these damn, big, blue orbits.
“So, you are saying,” Dean licked his lips and pulled his hand through his hair, “that… this child rescued a tree and made a man fall unconscious in the middle of a street?” For reassurement he looked over at Cas and regretted it in the same moment. The angel’s eyes seemed to say something in the lines of: well, I would rescue a tree and you like to punch people unconscious and Dean couldn’t handle the domestic feeling this brought up.
“Hi, I’m Jo,” she greeted with a smirk, that hinted towards more. Dean smiled because he liked her smile and tried to say: ‘I don’t want to get in your pants today’ with it.
"Yes the thing with the free will, I understand," was what the alpha voiced after some time still smiling. "I believe, that, to a certain degree, your personality, your essence was already defined by your DNA, the parents you were born to, the way your body would evolve and the hormones you get during your life. But I could be wrong, of course. Maybe you would like to get to know me and find out."
"And he could smell you, even if you were wearing scent blockers? Are you sure?" I'm not an idiot, Sam, he wanted to yell, but he didn't because maybe he was, a little.
Cas looked at Dean with an urgent look on his face and pressed on. “You know, all of this is my fault. If I didn’t… If I wasn’t… I should have found a way to love her the way she deserves. I just… The moment I saw Mia’s face for the first time on an ultrasound, that I had made my wife go to, I was lost. I couldn’t go back. I needed to keep this farce up, to meet my daughter alive and healthy, even if that means, that the house is dark all day and that Mia is afraid to laugh.”
“What about her mother?” Oh god, what if she was dead. “I mean, couldn’t she bring Mia today?”
„Hey, you know you can close your eyes for a little bit?“ he asked as Sam started the engine and they left the field in the middle of nowhere.
The older hunter understood immediately. He nodded shortly, send his brother with a move of his hand to kneel between Glynn’s legs and held onto her hand tightly.
"How do
“I’m sorry, am I interrupting anything?” Sam’s voice suddenly piped up, his head carefully piped through the now open door. When both men shook their heads, the giant entered the room and patted Dean’s healthy leg.
But that must have been his imagination, Dean thought as he reached his front door. Why should Cas be sad to leave him and/or to go home?
“Sooo,” Sam said, drawing out the word to make the two other men snap out of their trance. They weren’t doing that often, were they? “It would probably be the best idea, if we took the two of them to the bunker, what do you say?”
“Okay Dean, you should probably talk to Cas first and tell him everything you didn’t say in your previous conversation because you are you.” Dean snorted at that but was shut up fast by his brother. “Then we should probably talk to him about help for his wife because they can not keep living like that.”
The first thought that came to the omega after having overcome the initial shock was that his alpha had betrayed him. That he had been in contact with his uncle all the time and had just gotten to know Dean to get the Colt. But how would he have known that the demons would rob the shop that day? And wouldn't he just have to demand the Colt from Dean since he was his true alpha? Why hadn't he already done that?
Alpha.
Cas eyes hadn’t left them since he had heard the cry, but the hand that he was still pointing towards the ceiling trembled as the others approached. As if sensing him, Skylar turned her head as soon as they were right next to him and a hidden conversation seemed to take place between the two not-quite-terrestrial beings.
