"You're not helping your case here," Sherlock spoke, his vibrant blue eyes rolling in annoyance as he continued to hold the door open as the man attempted to push the door closed.
The two push doors were slammed open as Sherlock pushed his way into the police office, me jogging right behind him We were walking past all the counters of policemen sitting at their desks doing paperwork, paperwork Sherlock tended to avoid, while on your way to where Detective Lestrade's office was. His black coat flying behind similar to a cape on a superhero as he rounded the corner. Sherlock almost ran into Sally as he paused about to mumble some apology before realizing who it was, and a scowl instantly found its way across his face. They both had paused now, both giving each other a stern glare. Sally was the first one to speak up.
-----
“Did you move from the United States recently?” Sherlock questioned as he turned his head towards the couch in the middle of the room before plopping himself down on it like he owned the place, which metaphorically, he did.
"It's the letter K." My voice was similar to one of a whisper, awe flooding through my mouth from being able to solve the mystery of the letter carved into his skin.
"You can see here." He used his gloved hand to point at a spot where the skin had been torn, a shape similar to a crescent moon. "This shows they couldn't have blunt nails, they would never be able to make these wounds, and seeing from how deep these wounds are, they had to have long nails." He glanced back down at the body, now slightly leaning over the body, shifting on his feet to get a better look at the wounds.  "The longer the nails, the more fragile they are, which means their nails most likely broke during the strangling." I saw Lestrade nod in agreement his dark brown eyes shift as he looked across the neck of the victim, you could see the wheels turning in his brain, wondering why he didn't figure that out.
“Alright, the only reason I even let you enter in my vicinity is so then you can clear my name. I ain’t going to allow my business to fall apart due to false accusations.” His voice had a slight southern accent I noticed as he spoke more openly about his thoughts.
"Seems so, " Was all that was spoken, leaning forward putting his hand on the seat in front of him, slowly giving new directions to the cabbie. The cabbie of which swore in return as it was the opposite way of which we were previously going, Sherlock, of course, ignored this as he leaned back. Turning his head to look at me with a soft smile, his eyes glinting with a hint of danger as he chuckled out. "This case just got a whole lot more interesting."
Poison. Each letter was carved deeply within the bark, each one more jagged than the last as if he was slowly getting more and more enraged as he continued to shove that knife deep within the harsh make-up of the forest. Taking a glance back at Sherlock, I saw his face full of wonder his bright blue eyes sparkling as he stepped closer to the letter in question before crouching to his knees. Everything else forgotten as he started looking over the corpse with his little microscope he seemed to have pulled out of nowhere.
"So they wrote of Killer on the body?" Lestrade was the first one to speak up from the silence, his head tilting up to glance at Sherlock across the table. His tone was slightly questioning as if he was trying to see if there was another way to see this scenario.
"We. Only we would find this interesting." His eyes glinted with a sense of contempt, as he gently laid his hand on top of mine, curling his gloved fingers in between my ungloved fingers. "You do need to start wearing gloves outside, it's getting closer to winter."
"Honestly Sherlock, how do you do it?" I almost laughed out in awe, I knew the answer, but at the same time was completely dumbfounded. I watched as he stuck out his hand, trying to hail a cab as he turned to look at me. Speaking out in a confident, but bored tone.
“Don’t you see?” Sherlock pointed into the tree, at what John had thought to be a castle turret, then at the sweep of the railing at the edge of the platform.
She gave in. “He wouldn’t come down and talk to them,” she said. “They’ve been here for hours. And what could
John sighed and glanced around the room. She’d been mostly gone for years, ever since starting Uni, and they’d never quite reclaimed the space, no matter how crowded things had become downstairs. She’d not be coming back again – not to live here, or to spend a week or two between terms.
“I’d be happy to give you pointers on how to move in your robes,” Severus said. He was sitting with his hands folded across his chest. His expression was either amused or annoyed – it was hard to tell with him.
“Seriously?” John blurted out, then slapped a hand over his mouth. Was it too late to grab Rosie and make a run for London?
Despite his reservations about anyone else sharing their garden, he had a great deal of empathy for boys like Al – soldiers who’d given their all just to have the wind – and sometimes the life – knocked out of their sails. He’d been in their boots once, mere weeks after his own injury, when he knew he’d never practice surgery again. There’d been no one waiting for him back in London, and there’d be no place for him there, and nothing for him to contribute.
“Her shoes aren’t touching the ground,” he whispered.
She had stopped in front of a closed door – the third one in a long corridor full of dark paneling, somber portraits and solid oak doors.  She turned to face him and he stood at attention as she studied him more carefully than she had before.
Except that the gate, when he grasped the bars and rested his forehead against them, shifted inward a fraction.
John frowned and moved his king.
John let his right hand fall to his side.
A muffled groan rose from behind a door to the left.
“I don’t need you to hold my hand!” Mycroft exclaimed. “I don’t think you even washed it! You’ve probably had it in
An hour and forty-four channels later, he finally heard Sherlock climbing the stairs.
John took the opportunity to stand and excuse himself. He’d never much liked Mycroft Holmes, and after this conversation, liked him even less. He had half a mind to make his way directly to Sherlock’s room, but had a gut feeling that letting this particular pot stir itself might be to his advantage. Sherlock would certainly find a way to get what he wanted. John wouldn’t need to defy Mycroft Holmes himself.
“What about the boyfriend?” John was willing enough to change direction here, though he was vaguely troubled that Sherlock hadn’t deduced their new neighbor to the point of blood type and internet habits. “Maybe his boyfriend lives nearby.”
Sherlock only smiled as he studied another of their silly drawings, and John watched him a moment, unable to make a clear deduction of what exactly was going on in Sherlock’s mind.
“You can handle it without me,” John assured him. “I bet Hagrid would love to be a corpse. And whatever you do - please stay in Minerva’s good graces. She’s threatened to ban you from the castle unless I’m there to babysit.”
A week later, when John was hobbling about the flat but wasn’t quite ready for the stairs. Sherlock, not accustomed to having John home 24/7, apparently needed a bit of space.
“And the bride and the maid of honour in five – four – three – two – and GO!”
“Not at all,” John answered.
“You’ve got to be joking! You can’t know that. You don’t  - you….”
“But I don’t know them!” exclaimed the child in a high-pitched and petulant voice. “They’re
“He’s got to document it,” John said to Molly as Sherlock got on with the trimming. “It’s useless if he doesn’t. Mycroft won’t let it rest. None of them will – and I hate to say it but I see their point. The faster they have this, the faster this war might be over.”
He trailed off as Sherlock, still staring up into the tree, suddenly jumped to his feet. He grabbed at the tree, dizzy and disoriented, as John hauled himself up to steady him.
John swung around and played the simple tune – right-handed – again. And again.
“If you haven’t already gathered, Sherlock won’t be moving back to London. We’ve deemed it safer, and certainly more prudent, to build a new team around him here.”
And while they don’t talk about this – indeed, Sherlock doesn’t say a word about John’s difficulties with the stairs the entire evening, nor does he cater to him unnecessarily – it marks both the beginning of the end and the start of something entirely new and ultimately wonderful.
And it was only later, as he lay in bed, turning over the conversation in the garden, that he realised that Sherlock may have been talking about another pretense altogether.
He picked up Sherlock’s king and set it upright again.
“Presumptuous of him,” John murmured as he clumsily broke the seal – had Holmes not trusted Billy with the information within? – and fumbled to extract three sheets of paper, typewritten and crisp.
“Escaped. She wasn’t fond of her former position, what with it leading to arsenic poisoning – surely you noticed her complexion, Dr. Watson?” He didn’t wait for an answer but plowed on ahead. “Not eager to return to her former life of servitude to the king, she’s gone on to new pursuits. Now, come back to my quarters with me. I will, of course, swear you were with me all night.”
"And Sherlock?" he asked, holding Mycroft's gaze.
When Molly had poured and they’d each helped themselves to sandwiches, Sherlock leaned in toward her, elbows on his knees, chin resting on clasped hands.
“The piano.”
It was rather cramped on the plane, and a little warm too. Rosie was squeezing John’s hand in a sudden and unexpected attack of nerves, and Severus kept elbowing Sherlock in the ribs as he tried to get comfortable.
Hope is a tenuous thing, buoyed by sunlight and dampened by rain. Despair is the enemy, oozing through the cracks, gaining ground in the darkness.
to do that – before you were injured. And you filed all the information in your Mind Palace. Your plan was to use all this data to create a super code – the code of all codes.”
The workroom where Sherlock and Molly were supposed to be working didn’t look as abandoned as it was, but only due to John’s daily efforts. Chairs were appropriately placed – giving the appearance that the occupants had left for a meal. Files were present – concealed, stacked, neatly arranged. A stack of opened envelopes containing their once or twice daily missives from headquarters sat in a file box on a table, weighted on top with an empty tea cup and saucer. A tea tray – short one cup - was kept on a file cabinet, seemingly ready to serve once the kettle boiled.
“And you’re left-handed,” she said, voice soft, sympathetic, but not pitying. “I’m sorry, Dr. Watson.”
He knows John loves him. This – this is a truth borne of their shared loss. They’re fledglings, phoenixes both, risen from the ashes. John knows how to love, and to love properly. Husband once, father still, he’s worn the most demanding of roles, and he knows how love gives, and knows how love takes.
He helped Rosie into the harness, adjusted the straps and checked the buckles, then waited while the others struggled with their own gear. He knew from experience not to get his hands too close to Lily Potter.
“Downstairs with our new neighbor,” Sherlock said as he hung up his coat and dropped his keys onto the table.
There’s no way they’ll say no, not with the wallpaper, and the familiar layout, and the modern appliances in the spacious and otherwise old-fashioned kitchen. Not with the old footed tub and the modern shower, the perfect yard for the bees, and the ocean so close they can walk there in the morning with their coffee or tea and still drink it warm when they arrive. There’s privacy, and a separate garage, a shed for supplies, and beautiful trees.  It’s not too far from town, but not too close either. Both of their mobiles have excellent signals, and the wiring is new.  The house is charming and startlingly familiar. But it isn’t missing Mrs. Hudson or Rosie, and doesn’t have a single stair, and better yet, there’s not a CCTV camera in sight.
And the garden behind the first one – where he’d watched Greg Lestrade sculpt the magical menagerie that had once been a garden maze. Surely Sherlock and Mycroft had run through that very maze as children. Was it only wartime that had caused the neglect?
The hand clenched weakly as he gave way to frustration. He’d hoped for a miracle – who wouldn’t? And while the limp that had accompanied him to Rosethorne had all but disappeared with his garden walks and other distractions, his hand – no matter that it, too, was stronger than it had been – would never regain the dexterity and steadiness of a surgeon.
The man reaches into his pocket and extracts a device that looks far too high-end for someone who lives in a utilitarian bedsit.
“From you, I want one thing, and one thing only,” Holmes said, looking past John, out the window beyond his left shoulder. “My brother believes you can help him rebuild his mind palace.” His eyes moved slowly back to John, studying him, somehow, both with interest and casual boredom. “So help him, Dr. Watson. You have my permission to use any means, any type of therapy, necessary to achieve that end.”
And now, Molly only looked at him curiously, then turned the knob with ease and pushed open the door.
“And tell him I’m not the butler,” she muttered as she brushed by.
Sherlock is frozen in place, key in hand.
“Helping people makes me happy,” John responded. “Saving lives - it fulfills me. I miss it.”
“You choose this time,” insisted Sherlock.
Sherlock helps her open her final gifts after lunch. The large one turns out to be a beehive shape sorter with slots in the top for the queen, the workers and the drones. It’s finely made and beautifully painted, and John imagines Sherlock shopping in an Austrian village and cannot even fathom the cost of such a work of art. Rosie approves, but contents herself with removing the top and stuffing the plushie into the hive. It’s fitting, and they laugh as Rosie grins at her achievement, and John posts a photo of the stuffed bee’s fat bum sticking out of the hive. Mrs. Hudson returns for the Christmas crackers, and they take a selfie in their silly hats. Sherlock opens his gifts from their friends, and his gift from Rosie –a URL on a slip of paper which turns out to be a ten second YouTube video clip, on continuous loop, of Rosie pointing and squealing at the cat-toy-turned-ornament and
“Habit,” John replied. He glanced over at Sherlock with half a smile, then squared his shoulders. “I’ll stay with him ‘til morning,” he said. “You should….”
“Yes – haven’t I said? The footprints in the ashes.” Sherlock turned his head slowly toward John and lowered his voice. “The footprints leading
“A treehouse?” Sherlock considered John, and his face took on an odd look, as if he really hadn’t expected that answer but was nonetheless not at all surprised that John had found a treehouse on the estate. He looked forward, out past the edges of the garden in which they sat. “Mycroft and I built a treehouse here that summer – well, not a real treehouse. I’d never held a hammer or saw in my life, and as I recall, he had scant more experience than I. But old Ben had torn down a rickety garden shed – watching him take it down had entertained me for an entire day – and we absconded with some of the planks, and hid them in a back garden. We drew up plans for a treehouse – I wanted to model it after a pirate ship, with a crow’s nest on top, but Mycroft wanted a castle with turrets.”
John’s heart thudded in his chest. His fisted hands ached. He wanted to punch something – someone. Mycroft, first. The wall. His own face in the mirror.
It was a discordant, halfhearted sound – something more than noise but less than music.
“Tall, thin chap. Dark hair. He doesn’t talk much, I understand.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake...”  He sighed, then stepped carefully up into the wardrobe, careful of his leg, and ducked through as Sherlock kept walking, trailing his hand along the wall as he went. “Wait for me – I’ve got the torch!”
But music – music is a different story altogether.
He struck a chord – again with his right hand only.
“But that’s when Mr. Holmes had the idea to find an army doctor,” she said, brightly. “And here you are.”
Irene had come for John first, and finding his bed empty, had gone to Molly next. Then, instead of following Molly back to her bed, had come to Sherlock’s room. Thus, John appeared in the infirmary not long after Molly had determined that the general was, indeed, dead, had covered him with a sheet, and had gone in search of John herself.
“He already has a family, Sher….”
“Sherlock!” Rosie handed Hamish off to her husband and dropped down on her knees in front of Sherlock.  “There are just some things you aren’t going to know on
“Isn’t that ten already?” asked John with a sigh.
John stepped forward, hands firmly in his pockets where his clenching fists would not give him away. He kept his gaze on Mycroft, not allowing himself to search the path behind him for a different figure, a different Holmes.
After breakfast ended, Molly Hooper retained a professional yet distant air as she led him to the convalescent wing. She’d approached him as he rose from the table, had offered her hand and shaken his firmly and briskly. “Dr. Watson – if you’ll follow me, please.”
- not fits.” He spoke calmly, wondering why Holmes had seen fit to share such details with this particular woman, and who else in the household was in on the secret.
“What?
There was no indication of anything other than a sudden, massive coronary, and from the look on his face, that he’d died a very happy man.
He’d given some thought to what should have been the most obvious concern. Why had Mycroft Holmes brought Lestrade here to Rosethorne? Lestrade, like everyone else, thought Sherlock had died in the attack on the location where he’d been working. Lestrade had been there himself – Sherlock had just revealed as much. Lestrade had been there to protect Sherlock – but in what capacity? Was he a member of the military? A guard or some sort? Lestrade was somewhat older than Sherlock, or looked so.  Not too old to serve – God knows old men were being called up in this war.
“I have no plans to settle into a schedule,” murmured Sherlock. “I’m an adult, if you hadn’t noticed.”
Sherlock blinked. He waited, expression unchanged.
He puzzled over what Mycroft had said to him.
Need.
“Nicked them from Irene Adler,” he said, dropping to his side beside John.
Al ducked his head into the kitchen. “Just thought you should know Snape’s taken Sherlock downstairs to see his lab.”
“As ridiculous as that suggestion is, I’ll honour it before striking it down. The floor was not clean – but neither was there any evidence of passing foot traffic. John – those people did not use the door to enter 221A.”
“Oh, it worked,” she said with a feral smile. “Or it certainly would have had Mycroft been more balanced. I don’t think we anticipated fully what a couple months of captivity might do to him.”
“Stop it.” John’s voice sounded resigned. “Just - stop it. I will too, alright?” He wasn’t entirely sure he was going to like Sherlock as well from here on out, back at work with his focus on a vexing national problem and not on -
“They don’t like you calling him Hamlet either but I didn’t chastise you earlier today for saying it.”
He agreed. He could definitely have gone without the reminder that five years ago this very day he’d thrown himself off the roof of St. Bart’s hospital, feigning his own suicide to save the people he loved the most.
agree to such an extraordinary plan?
He could never protect the women in his life from all the forces more powerful than he.
This was the first Sherlock he’d seen - a man in the throes of an epileptic seizure. Lean and long, head of over-long curly hair standing out starkly against the paleness of skin and bedsheets. Everything about him all the more surprising as back then, when he’d been called in to help, John had expected to meet an elderly man on the brink of death.
He moved to kiss Sherlock, but Sherlock’s lips were already on his, and John was kissing him back as the farce of a life he’d been building since the day his father was incarcerated crumbled to dust at their feet.
John’s turn came for a question came next. “Have you ever been in love?” he asked. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, but he should have known the other man wouldn’t be at all discomfited by John’s questions, no matter how personal.
“No, I have a husband. A rather ridiculous one who’s a bit too obsessed about our new neighbor. Just let it go, Sherlock. Harry’s perfectly ordinary. Not everyone loves technology.”
The door opened, and Mrs. Hudson, tight-lipped and pale, hurried out of the room.
“Alright, then.” He apologized to the general and nodded to him in farewell. “Lead the way.”
He stayed only a week, but he returned from time to time, careful to never wear out his welcome.
Sherlock turned his gaze to the major, finally acknowledging there were others in the room.
, it was just a scale.
“Fine. You win.” They sat for a few minutes, companionably quiet. A squirrel chattered at them from on top off the pile of lumber under the tree but, aside from the squirrel and the rustle of the breeze in the leaves, all was still.
“Fascinating. I must remember to bring my notebooks out tomorrow. We’ll need to come out much earlier, while the bees are more active. And I’ll of course need to document all the species of flowers here.”
“Can we please not talk about decomposition on my wedding day?” Rosie asked. She was watching out the window as the second jump instructor helped her future mother-in-law into her parachute gear.
Wartime, John thought. Wartime changed everyone and everything.
Sherlock watched her feet suspiciously.
“An epileptic is often able to work,” he stated, as neutrally as possible, glancing yet again at Sherlock, who was still looking at him, but whose face was oddly blank. “His co-workers must be trained to recognize the signs of an oncoming seizure, and learn how to take steps to help him avoid injury. They’ll need training to recognize when to call in medical help – and that medical help should be on-site, or readily available. He’ll have an easier time if we can more fully work out his triggers – the conditions or circumstances that might bring the seizures on more frequently. Common triggers are lack of sleep, bright or flashing lights and stress.”
Said fire brigade members cleared John away three minutes later, and he retreated to watch and take photographs with the rest of the crowd.
John laughed, but it was a broken sort of sound. “I wouldn’t have remembered – not this year. Not with how things are now,” John said. He’d dropped his head back and stared at the ceiling. “But it was the first god damn thing I saw on my mobile when I checked the news this morning.”
“No – you’ve been invalided out. Recently. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John was having a hard time reading Lestrade’s face. The man’s gaze was fixed on Sherlock, and he was breathing heavily, certainly still in shock. Dead men don’t often spring back to life, John realised, and he really didn’t know the circumstances of Sherlock and Lestrade’s past.
He should ask Lestrade for the keys to the garden – the secret garden, the garden with the magical maze. The plot transformed by Lestrade. The spot of heaven on earth where the mute man whistled as he worked. He knew – intrinsically knew – that Sherlock would be as mesmerized by this particular garden as he was with the honeybees, and felt that perhaps – just perhaps – he could be sucked into the magic along with Lestrade, and that both of them could heal. That Sherlock would find a way to restore order from chaos there, much as Lestrade had in the garden. That Lestrade could find his voice.
“Hold on for a year or two – will you?” he whispered. “For Rosie?”
He held her gaze, waiting. She finally gave him a tremulous smile, then turned to leave. “Do wake Billy and send him for me if you have any trouble,” she said as she pulled the door shut behind her. He waited, listening, and finally heard her footsteps fading away.
“Right – just the two of us. William would be disruptive.”
Her relief was obvious as she smiled back at him. “Of course. Not a word. We all have our pasts, don’t we?” she said enigmatically.
“We’d love to come – are you sure it’s all right with your mum?”
“Me,” acknowledged Sherlock. “I wouldn’t have left like that. I wouldn’t have just disappeared.” He spoke forcefully, then paused, watching Lestrade until the man looked up and met his eyes. He lowered his voice. “You asked that of me – you demanded it.” He paused, and his voice broke. “I
John sighed. Somehow, he wasn’t terribly surprised by this latest revelation, which should have been very surprising indeed.
“Oh - you’re joking.”
“Not until you explain.”
“With a partner?” He took the torch from John’s hand, managing to find it without fumbling in the dark, then placed his hand on John’s shoulder. John obligingly raised his own hand, sliding it from Sherlock’s back up along his side, and stopping to rest it on his side above his waist. He could feel the movement of Sherlock’s ribcage as he breathed.
“Wiz flick?” asked John, jerking his head up.  That was a new one.
the accident – these things had meaning beyond the obvious. But now – now I’ve lost it. The ability to compile, sort, and ultimately deduce. All those things I read in your file should be obvious to me now that I’ve met you.  The pieces should fall together. But they aren’t – not as they should be, in any case. There are holes – too many holes.”
“Pants,” answered Sherlock, screwing up his face as the tape measure recorded the distance between his nostrils.
The Ministry official helped him stand, and John got a most surprising and unwelcome eyeful of extremely muscular buttock as Bill helped to adjust the blanket. Mycroft gazed out at them, looking completely bewildered. His gaze traveled from face to face, recognizing Harry Potter and Hermione Granger before coming to rest at last on Sherlock.
“Which we’ve already rebuilt,” Sherlock added. “And that was quite enough physical labour for me, especially on top of the toppling of the shed.”
“Irene Adler is gone,” repeated Sherlock quietly and very slowly. He dropped into a reading chair in the corner of the room and crossed his legs. “You don’t seem surprised.”
The innuendo was not lost on the crowd, and Mycroft glared at Sherlock, even as he felt his own buttocks, surprise registering on his usually disapproving face.
Obviously, Greg Lestrade had a key. But it couldn’t be that easy, could it? And while it seemed obvious he had to start with Lestrade, what possible reason could he give the man for needing to get inside that gate?
Al turned an untouched row of overgrown hedge into a galloping stallion, tail and mane flaring, and there seemed nothing he couldn’t do, one-handed and driven, and Greg, oddly, seemed to be at peace with letting him run with it, going where his heart took him, while he brought John cuttings and lost the key to the garden gate to a raven’s hoard.
Sherlock opened the refrigerator and reached for the milk.
When he finished speaking, Molly opened her mouth, closed it, then opened it again. Another false start. While she struggled to find her voice, John, whose brain had finally stopped short-circuiting at the idea of covering Sherlock’s physical needs – spoke up.
“Of course,” breathed John. He didn’t really believe Sherlock, not fully, but he couldn’t quite get the imager of Sherlock in leather restraints from his still alcohol-fuzzied mind.
There is a handgun o the bed beside him. Sherlock glances at it – a Browning Hi-Power.
shoulder, of course – and left the room as quietly as he’d entered it.
“Of course – right.” John nodded awkwardly, following behind the woman as she started down the passageway to the left.
“Well, then.” Sherlock’s grin was downright gleeful. “We can start on your Tower of London after we finish my pirate ship.”
It wasn’t the filth of this long-disused guest cottage that bothered him as he leaned against the wall, with the layers of dust covering the circular rug and wooden floor around it. It wasn’t the severity of Sherlock’s attack - as seizures went, this one, thank God, seemed less severe than the others he’d witnessed.
“But no matter,” interrupted Sherlock, smiling at John as if John should know perfectly well what he was talking about. “It isn’t ready. I cannot deploy a solution that isn’t fundamentally stable.”
“Seven?”
John gives up his bedsit and moves into 221B the day after he and Sherlock meet on opposite sides of the door.  He slips the Browning into the drawer of his bedside table and it feels like the home he’s never had.
He didn’t know how to judge robes, and certainly wasn’t a connoisseur of fine clothing, but he instinctively knew that these were high fashion and very elegant.
How small had his life become that a man he’d met only weeks ago, whose parallels to his wife were only surface similarities, had hijacked his thoughts? That helping him had become more a vocation than an order?
Sherlock suspected that his brother had been ebolagated. He’d refused to share information about the new downstairs neighbors when Sherlock had first requested it, and Sherlock at the time had assumed he knew something and refused to reveal it to him. But ever since, Mycroft hadn’t shown a sign of supercilious behavior. No hidden gloating. No fawning over Harry and Severus. No secret winks. Instead, he’d seemed a bit befuddled when he’d been in the presence of the wiz-fits, and once when he’d walked into the flat without knocking when Harry was demonstrating his invisibility cloak and the only part of him showing was his left hand, Mycroft had turned around, mumbling something about an important appointment he’d forgotten.
ooOOOoo
Even on the stairway, a magical artifact so confusing it was senseless to even try to understand how it worked, the child complained.
When he made his excuses and stood to leave a few minutes later, stating that he had to check on his patients, both Sherlock and Molly were sitting cross-legged on the floor, the coffee table between them, the tea and sandwiches still forgotten. Sherlock did look up long enough to ask if John would be returning for their dinnertime outing.
A muffled scream of protest followed.
When it came down to it – when they stood face to face and showed their hands, Mycroft didn’t love Rosethorne enough.
“Hey - slow down. Mortal here, remember?” John tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve. “Is this how that brain of yours works, then? You can deduce the identity of a child you didn’t know existed by a bit of wood swallowed up by a tree?”
“John Watson would not sleep on the sand while his epileptic wife played in the ocean.”
Sherlock buttoned the jacket and turned sideways, examining himself in profile. “This is marvelous, John.” He fingered the collar of his shirt. “Club collar. Very Edwardian. So, where’s your disguise?” He strode over to the wardrobe and pulled it open, then shuffled through the clothing and extracted a high-collared dress in green velvet.
“My mum died the next year,” he said.
“Statute of Secrecy,” Lee replied. He’d learned to speak Sherlock over the past weeks. “If it’s any consolation, Professor Snape’s looking really sour about the whole thing too.”
“Outside? For exercise? John, I can hardly stroll around the grounds and expect that no one will see me. We’ll be seen leaving – you can’t push a wheelchair about Rosethorne without people
He laid out only the barest bit of groundwork as a cover – a brief conversation with Molly about the elderly patient, growing more and more feeble, and how a bit of fresh air might help the old man – though at a time when no one was about, as he was reclusive and ill-tempered.
Sherlock averted his eyes. “Chinese?” he asked, wandering off into the kitchen.
His limbs are sandbags pinning him to the floor. Someone has placed a bag of bricks on his chest and dared him to breathe while they pile on more bricks and sand and mortar.
And John Watson didn’t willingly abandon anything.
He can’t remember a Christmas quite like this one. He’s never seen a more beautiful tree, a more perfect day to spend inside with the people who populate his life, who’ve salvaged a horrendous year bookended by joy – Rosie’s arrival, and her first Christmas.
“She’s wickedly fast,” Al answered, obviously proud of this fact. “A real athlete – She wanted me to go pro too but I’m really not that good – and I really wanted to go to uni.”
“You can’t possibly know that reference,” John said, eying Sherlock suspiciously.
“No, I don’t know where he works, but I assume in the medical field. No idea how tall he is – taller than me and taller than Harry but I didn’t get out a tape measure, Sherlock. How old? 60? Maybe? I didn’t ask to see his driving license, for Christ’s sake. Accent? I’m not the accent expert, you berk. British. London. I don’t know. Why does it matter?”
He didn’t know why he’d volunteered all of this to her, for just saying it aloud brought a lump to his throat. Since he’d walked away from the piano after her death, he’d taken care not to get too close to one. He’d continued his medical studies – she had so wanted that for him – and then the war had come, and there’d been far more important things to do with his hands than caress the ivories.
He glanced over at Sherlock when he didn't answer, expecting to find him still absorbed in his drawing. But Sherlock was no longer sitting with legs folded and notepad in his lap. He was lying on the ground, folded at an awkward angle, pencil, still clutched in his hand, half-buried in the soil beside him.
He unplugs the lights, thinks better of it, plugs them back in again. The rebuilt flat has a sprinkler system – he can live with the risk for one night to give Sherlock a surprise welcome when he walks in the door.
And then he was flying.
“Ah.” John wished he had a better retort. Sherlock was deliberately breaking the code of confidentiality his brother had established. Were they in this together – or not?
“It most definitely is not
“It’s early to drink, John,” he said. “Perhaps some other activity will -”
“Right - we’ve talked about this before – when you first explained your mind palace to me. This encyclopaedia – it was in your mind palace, right?”
It was a plan meant to be broken.
Ah Rosie.
John frowned at the statement. “Sleep will help you with that clarity,” he insisted. “Your body needs it.
“You make it sound so easy,” John said. He stood, stretching to work a kink out of his back. “We should go in – it’s getting dark.”
“That’s entirely too open-ended,” countered Sherlock. “Two months.”
“Are you quite certain you’re a Wizard?” Small Mycroft climbed up onto a chair at the table and started playing with Sherlock’s microscope.
John pointed Sherlock to the cottage. “Go inside and get cleaned up. There’s a loo just inside the side door. They want formal pictures soon.”
So from here - my original summary now stands -
There were those who’d tell him that that was for the best – he didn’t need anyone else’s blood on his hands.
Sherlock Holmes.
“Dr. Watson,” she began, voice catching a bit as she leaned back against the door. “You aren’t at all what I expected.”
No, damn it! He wanted his fingers to
In all of his focus on this very place, in all of his determination to come here, to solve the riddle of the secret locked garden and Greg Lestrade’s odd creative genius, John had never really considered that he’d feel this much of an intruder.
What followed was odd. Very odd.
It was an actual step, the physical movement of the boy closer to John, close enough to help steady the board as he finished the cut and positioned the wood to sand it. Close enough to tentatively take the sanding block from him when it was offered. Close enough that John saw how his left hand caressed the wood, running down the edge to feel the roughness of the cut. How his posture changed as he leaned in, pressing the sanding block against the ragged edge, gaining confidence as he worked.
John wondered why the subject of this man had only now come up, but shrugged. He didn’t think an occasional consult would be out of his realm of expertise, and frankly, was thankful there was someone else employed to tend to the man’s daily needs. “I’d be happy to offer the same to the other members of your household as well,” he said.
“Clever,” he murmured, as the back panel of a familiar wardrobe fell away, and they stepped carefully out into a dim, dust-shrouded dressing room.
“Something for you first,” he said. “And for Sherlock. Do you plan on spreading those out all over the ground?”
They kept a flat in the city, a collection of rooms so oddly put together that visitors spent more time studying the wallpaper or the bizarre artifacts on the mantel than drinking their tea, and their cups would go cold, forgotten on their saucers. Sherlock’s seizures very nearly disappeared altogether, though he suffered them on rare occasions, but John, dependable as London fog, was always there to see him through. John’s hands were ultimately strong enough, and steady enough, to tend to most of his patients, and he could suture up wounds in a pinch. He’d never perform surgery again, but his practice in the Yorkshire countryside, and as the on-call physician for the convalescent hotel at Rosethorne, called for nothing more dexterous than setting the occasional bone and stitching up a gash from a fall in the garden.
“What? Me?” asked John with a smile. He’d turned his hand over and was holding Sherlock’s in a loose grip.
“Mary?” He laughs, and his eyes crinkle, and if Sherlock were himself he’d see the relief on the gaunt, grey face, the joy dancing in his eyes. John touches Sherlock’s arm. “She’ll be here soon. She’s on her way.” He wipes at his eye with the sleeve on the inside of his elbow and grins tiredly. “I’ll let her explain why you asked for her first, you stupid, stupid idiot.”
“Two o’clock,” agreed John. “See you tomorrow, then.”
John stood there until Mycroft Holmes had disappeared from view. He stood there even longer, waiting for the telltale sound of the automobile engine starting up.
John chuckled. “How did it feel to be proven wrong?” he asked.
By the time he sorted himself, groaning and realising his ankle was definitely positively absolutely broken, Harry was bending down over him and the other bloke was examining his foot.
“He did. He trusts you, John. He trusts me - he always has, though he’s suspicious by nature, given his profession especially. He’s always seen me as something like a younger brother, someone to keep out of trouble. But he sees that you are trying to help me regain my footing, so to speak. I assure you we will be welcome in the garden, and we may go there from now on during out outings.”
Next chapter - Grandparents Day at Primary
Sherlock looked quite put out. He let out a long huff.
“I’ve been advised to be ready when I’m called,” John acknowledged. “There’s not much I can tell them, unfortunately.”
Rosie smiled. “I’m not sure what fashion magazine you’ve been reading, Dad,” she said. “But thank you.”
“Exactly?” John repeated, watching Sherlock with some trepidation.
She was flushed, clearly excited, as she continued, her voice still low. “I know you’ve tried to stay out of all of this, John – and it’s for the best, really. He’s – well, he’s unorthodox, on his best day, and you’re – well, look how much it upsets you to have him working out here. If you realised that everything – or nearly everything – is still in his head – why…”
“I’m being rational,” Sherlock declared. “I have other plans for that day. John and I are going on holiday.”
Chapter 14
Sherlock had canted his head a few degrees to the side. He looked like he was trying to sort something out, as he did when he was studying one of his journals, or some of the cryptic strings he so often stared at on his notepads.
he loves, and he just might find something else he can do that will make him just as happy. Lots of people change course in life, John.”
He stared at the spectrum of coloured light on the keyboard cover, mind returning to the time before the war, to the man he used to be. A man with a wife at his side, with no blood on his hands.
They shook hands at last, and Sherlock deliberately looked away, then left the room as purposefully as he’d entered it.
“My brother has never lacked confidence,” Mycroft said. He was growing tired, or the pain was getting the best of him. John could hear the exhaustion in his voice now. “And you, Dr. Watson, are far more than half a physician. I am quite sure my brother would argue the point as well. And do not be fooled – I know my brother well, what fuels him, what feeds the inner fire. And I know his foibles, his weaknesses. And through it all, I see his potential, what his mind can do with the right stimulus, under the right circumstances. Until he was injured, he was a veritable powerhouse. The data – the transmissions pouring through the system, trickling down to him, was enough stimulus to keep him on target. Beware, Dr. Watson – beware of Sherlock Holmes when he grows bored. I would advise you to remember his past, and to put the morphine under lock and key, but given what I witnessed earlier, and the conclusions I subsequently drew, my brother won’t be growing bored for quite some time.”
And yet he was here, alive, meeting reality head-on and ready for more.
“Do you want to finish it?” John asked at last.
John slowly lifted his eyes again to meet Holmes.’
John shook his head. Despite the fact that he’d tucked the little bee out of sight and out of reach, Rosie was clearly well-acquainted with it.
Now – there was nothing on his mind except Sherlock. He didn’t want explanations from Mycroft, descriptions of injuries and treatments. Injuries that were not life-threatening covered a range from scratches to missing limbs and brain injuries on top of what Sherlock had already suffered. John wanted – no, he
“You didn’t go to work today,” Sherlock commented as he took another sip.
He thought his resolve would last. He’d been determined before, and had weathered the years after his father’s arrest and incarceration, a man self-condemned to the kind of life he’d never wanted.
John stepped forward, hands firmly in his pockets where his clenching fists would not give him away. He kept his gaze on Mycroft, not allowing himself to search the path behind him for a different figure, a different Holmes.
“So – we’ll start with General Dixon?”
The space was not precisely laid-out, nor did it appear to be carefully planned, though John suspected that every single thing within these walls was very carefully considered indeed. Unlike the stately old manor and gardens that surrounded this small space, there wasn’t an order that John could discern, not in the traditional sense, and the overall effect was a tamed sort of chaos, as if the garden was trying to submit to its new master, but was rebelling here and there, as the new master didn’t subscribe to the old rules of order.
That sounded like his father talking. No one had a right to take advantage or harm anyone else simply because that person was more vulnerable, no matter the cause of said vulnerability. A drunk might be an easy mark for a pickpocket, but it didn’t make it right for a pickpocket to target one.
John saw it before he heard it, though when he did hear it, he wondered how they’d passed this spot so many times before without noting the thrum.
“That’s another question,” he said. He looked at the bishop Sherlock had just moved, then studied the configuration of pieces around it. He touched his knight, then moved it along its L-shaped path to capture a pawn. “And I believe it’s my turn.”
John stepped forward. He had no idea how long Lestrade would remain in the room, listening to Sherlock, with only scattered threads of information. And they needed to ensure his cooperation – that  he’d not tell anyone about Sherlock, that he’d keep the secret.
here at Rosethorne?”
Molly, however, hadn’t brought him here to admire the windows.
“I really thought it would blow all his circuitry when we told you last year,” Rosie said as she bypassed the curious crowd and led them inside to meet Molly.  “But he really took it quite well, all things considered.”
The man looks up at him. Sherlock watches his hand twitch, can almost see his effort to open his mouth and say something, to jerk his body into motion. He stands there watching, frozen in place, and doesn’t close the door. Doesn’t close the door even as the man finally manages to get to his feet. He fumbles for his cane and, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, slowly advances a step. Another. A third.
“You’re too much like him,” he said, shaking his head in disapproval. “You should help.”
Soon, Sherlock was flying in circles around the rest of them, most likely totally unaware that he was guiding a giant flamingo above him. Rosie’s laughter in the radio feed cheered John enormously. The occupants of the second plane were mingling with them now, and there was excited buzz across the radio.
“I’ve found the garden,” Sherlock said - speaking more coherently than he should have been able to this soon following an attack. He was addressing Lestrade, who remained behind John. “This is the one - I’m sure of it.”
“What do you think?” John answered. Sherlock smiled and turned his attention back on the bush, but John continued. “Does this mean we’re finished here? I can’t see why they’d continue to run a convalescent home out here in the middle of nowhere when they’ve already got what they want from you.”
“Hurry, Mum! James!” Al was corralling everyone for the formal photos. A photographer wielding an ancient camera, one that still used flash bulbs, was waiting patiently by a gazebo with the promised lovely ocean view.
Mycroft, who was standing in the doorway wearing a shrunken pair of Sherlock’s honeybee pajamas, miniaturized dressing gown tied neatly around his middle, blinked at Sherlock’s genitalia, which were on full display about eight inches from his face.
John spoke quietly, touching his fingertips to Sherlock’s cheek as he spoke, distracting him from his rambling thoughts, centering his focus. “Hey – it’s good. It’s all good. I understand.”
John exploded with a strangled cry that echoed in the silent tunnel. The entire universe, his entire being, was centered on the tight warmth of Sherlock’s mouth, and his injured leg, the one he’d hardly felt as he danced with Sherlock on the rough stone floor, shuddered in protest and Sherlock’s arms gripped him hard around his thighs and kept him steady, even as he let gravity take over and slid down the wall, coming to rest on his arse, knees up in front of him, trousers undone, one hand still holding onto Sherlock, pulling him in for a kiss that offered to start something more.
“The boys?” asked John, not following. “Which boys?”
As John passed the sanding block to Charlie, and stood back, exchanging a glance and a smile with Molly, he knew, with unexpected clarity, that he wasn’t likely to actually perfect any one hobby or talent. He’d not be more than a passable doctor, a mediocre pianist. He wouldn’t necessarily find his inner artist in the garden – not as a sculptor, anyway, and certainly not as a carpenter. But he’d barely begun to scratch the surface of possibilities – hell, he might just develop an interest in those infernal bees Sherlock found so fascinating, or plant red tulips in the shape of a heart or spell out “John Loves Sherlock” in crocuses.
John shrugged. “Jumpers are comfortable.” He made his way out of the kitchen and over to his chair, sinking down onto it and pulling Sherlock’s ottoman toward him with one foot. “I’ll invite him up for dinner next week – Mrs. Hudson did ask us to look after her place. We should know who’s renting it.”
Curiously, the doctor rapidly out-distancing him ahead was no longer limping.
“With their mother, or off at school, or – I don’t know. Definitely not living with him now.”
But while the flat is as neat as a pin, and John’s things are all back where they belong from his toothbrush to his dressing gown to the crossword he’d been working that morning at Mrs. Hudson’s, waiting for him beside his chair with a sharpened pencil atop, the differences are stark and glaring to Sherlock. The furniture meticulously adjusted mere inches to make more room, or to give John something to hold on to as he makes his way around the flat. The rail affixed to the bathtub, the traction treads on the stairs leading up. The slightly higher ottoman, to raise John’s leg just a few more inches. The slippers with rubber, no-skid soles. The new medications – blood thinners, pain meds, muscle relaxants.
“Molly.”
No – what bothered John Watson, what was making him even more uneasy as he waited out this latest seizure, was the timing. The slap-in-your-face reminder of Sherlock’s injury and condition on the very heels of the intimacy they had just shared. It was as if they’d finally reached the summit of a mountain, standing side by side as the view to eternity opened up, then taking a half step too far, or stumbling on a loose stone, slipping and sliding back to where they’d begun, battered and bruised, all the worse for the wear.
“I didn’t mention that. I never said - ”
Molly frowned. She glanced at her file. “Brewton,” she murmured. She met his gaze again. “Private Brewton.”
“Go on?” John frowned, thinking he’d done about as much as he could given the time of night and his lack of sleep. But when Sherlock just continued looking at him, devoting all of his attention now to John, considerable brain no longer distracted by the violin, John couldn’t help but try a bit more. “Alright. Kidnapping is a crime. The local constables will be involved. Not knowing a thing about me, they’ll be predisposed to believe whatever she wrote in this alleged letter.” He emphasized the word alleged, frowning at Sherlock as he said it, but Sherlock only smiled, clearly pleased.
, and can lead perfectly normal lives on the surface, and have all types of dalliances just below. Men, faced with death at every door, love
Odd formalities out of the way, Sherlock and Molly had established an immediate rapport. She seemed to take in stride that Sherlock had chosen her, from among a portfolio of candidates presented to him by his brother, to come to Rosethorne in the guise of physical therapist for the convalescents. John, on the other hand, was beginning to feel like an ant under a magnifying lens, blown up to ridiculous proportions, studied with minute detail.
It wasn’t something he could tell Al, or Charlie, or any of the others. That he’d found purpose in the impossible task that was Sherlock Holmes. That no surgical procedure could possibly be as rewarding as watching Sherlock come alive in the garden, nothing as fulfilling as kissing him against an earthen wall in a centuries-old secret tunnel. He’d not have believed anyone if they’d told him he’d find meaning and purpose again, that he’d love, and be loved in return.
The hugs Molly bestowed on John and Sherlock left flour on Sherlock’s nose. Sherlock, for his part, was paying no attention to her gushing praise of their daughter but was focused on the mixing bowls and pots and pans behind her, all of which were engaged in one activity or another – stirring or mixing or mashing – even while she stood there hugging them.
“And why is he…?” She  motioned to Mycroft, no more words really needed.
“Hmm.” She rearranged the files, seemingly at random, and frowned, then stacked them neatly and arranged them on the desk. “Does it seem at all odd to you that you’ve been sent somewhere where you’re really not needed yet something
“Of course,” John felt oddly compelled to agree with the ridiculous plan.
“A game he can’t win,” Sherlock said, gripping John’s hand. “He has his fingers on the players, but he doesn’t understand the variables.”
“Mrs. Hudson’s called the fire brigade,” Rosie called up to him. “They’ll get you down in no time.”
“I’m afraid – ” He paused as all heads turned toward him. Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
“Sherlock –you know Rosie doesn’t like you calling him that.”
John smiled broadly. “You know Sherlock, I think I do.”
“Are you sure this is the right kind of family for our Rosie, John?”
Apparently, he wouldn’t need to convince Sherlock to don the suit. The man had already dropped his trousers to the floor, displaying not a modicum of modesty and quite a bit of exceedingly pale skin. He stepped out of them and draped them on a chair, then pulled on the borrowed pair, fastening them and studying himself in the mirror.
And then, John had an idea.
“John, we’re far too old to have a tree house,” Sherlock said as John rose to his feet, more than a bit tipsy, and called it a night.
And when they arrived home the next day, after Sherlock had a bit too much to drink and admitted that Mycroft had never been very fat at all, he tucked his award inside a drawer beside their bed, but he hung Mycroft’s around the skull on the mantel, then went directly outside to tend to the bees.
Molly had closed it. He’d seen her do it, heard the snick of the closure.
“Ah – noted.” Sherlock hummed a bit as he continued to press his toes into John’s oh-so-familiar leg. “Rose and William and I will buy a hot-air balloon. We won’t need to dispense with the pilot because William will learn how to navigate. We’ll scatter you over the Channel and perhaps the currents will carry you to Argentina.
retiring for good, Mycroft is being awarded the Citizen of the Year award and you -
“You’ve known him a while, Major, haven’t you?” asked John.
Except - well, except that he’d never had a lover so attentive on his pleasure. Had never had a lover on their knees before him, serving him without being subservient, controlling him from a position of submissiveness. The illusion of power even as he was being skillfully taken apart, piece by piece. Reassembled into the shape of the man he’d always been inside, beneath the three coats of skillfully applied paint to hide his true colours.
God, he’d waited all his life for this – for this man beside him on the school-project bench. For a reason to laugh, and to hope.
They locked eyes again, and John realised then that he would never be able to stare down Mycroft Holmes. It wasn’t admitting defeat – he’d have to earn his victories in other arenas.
you!”
“Of course. Apparently, he needs remedial broom lessons. I expect I’ll be a natural at it, so a fast broom will do.”
John waited two heartbeats, then closed the piano, resting his hands atop the cover as he took in steady breaths, mind racing as fast as his heart.
“Jesus.”
That and everything else, but he’d start with an explanation of how someone who was supposed to be dead, somone confined to three out-of-the way rooms, seemed to know everything that went on at Rosethorne Manor.
Rosie and Al joined hands again, and nearly everyone gave Sherlock the side-eye.
“I see no reason why we can’t provide an amenable working environment, with personnel trained to be attentive to Mr. Holmes’ needs. As for the medical help – ”
“I asked Mycroft for CCTV footage several weeks ago to test a theory,” Sherlock admitted after a long moment where he stared out at the rain, face thoughtful.
“A question,” John repeated. He moved his left rook a millimeter to the left, no matter that it was perfectly centered already. “Any question.” He was musing it over, and questioning the game as well. It seemed silly at first glance, and he wondered what Sherlock was up to - what exactly he wanted to know about him that he hadn’t already deduced.
“John?”
Two weeks passed before Mycroft Holmes returned. He was in the house for less than twenty-four hours, and called John in to look at a toenail he thought might be ingrown, and to inquire how his therapy was coming along.
“Where’d he go? Where’s Harry?” he asked, his little face screwing up in concern. “He can’t leave me
“No! These are my Gucci Ace Bee Sneakers!”
“The old gardener’s still around,” John replied. “Ben. And Lestrade, though it’s far too much for him to look after.”
Sherlock forms the words carefully, both reluctant and relieved to admit it. “For some time now. In my flat.”
She’d lived – miraculously enough. The baby had not.
John stared at the letter as it rested there on his thigh, keeping his breathing calm and regular, thinking.
Sholto acknowledged his statement with a nod. “While we have every confidence that Sherlock’s status and identify remain secure, you will nonetheless treat every package you receive as if it is a typical delivery for the infirmary. Deliver it to Sherlock the day you receive it, directly to his hands, but try not to alter your behavior in any way.”
"Indeed"
"Oh, God. I messed up, didn't I?" I whispered out, quickly realizing my mistake, Sherlock didn't think it was her at all. He let out a soft sigh, dropping his hands off my shoulders, but never breaking his eye contact with me.
"Well, they clearly can't fool you." I saw his coat flow behind him as he turned and started to walk off briskly, I fought to catch up with him, being shorter in stature, as we started walking away from the crime scene, already hearing the police shouting as the women tried to run before eventually being pushed down to the ground and  handcuffed.
"If you wanted me to do what I want whenever I want. You could've just asked. I'm always willing to follow." He gave me a smirk like he was the smartest person to ever exist. I rolled my eyes at his behavior as I lifted up my other hand to point a finger directly at his face.
"Don't judge too quickly." I found my eyes rolling at his behavior as he turned his body towards me with an expression only to be described as a slightly bored 'try me'. "According to the statement given by Lestrade." I saw recognition flow into his face before it quickly turned into annoyance, wanting me to finish as quickly as possible. "They still don't have a clue how or why so many bees were hanging out in that area, especially enough to kill a healthy adult."
"I'm pulling a lot of strings to let you see this. You cannot disclose any information about this case. Got it?" His voice was stern, like a father warning their son about misbehaving, but still having some form of hope it won't happen.
I nodded thanks to him, despite him not really caring, as I quickly pushed my way into the cab. Plopping down on the surprisingly soft seats of the cab as I turned my head to look out the window. Allowing Sherlock to give directions to where he would want to go next, knowing he was unpredictable on where he would want to go to next.
"Hmm?" I jerked my head to the side, not expecting a response as Sherlock lifted up his head from within his palm and turned to glance at me.
"Oh…" Was the first word out of her mouth. "But the case was closed. They said it was over." Her voice became more frantic as she paced her way right beside Sherlock grabbing his shoulders and turning him to face her, shaking his shoulders back and forth slightly. "I thought it was over." Her voice sounded panicked now, as the thought of her husband being innocent was the worst possible thing to happen.
"You didn't think of it?" He laughed again, out of slight frustration waving his arms slightly once again before looking back down at the files, flipping through each one mumbling under his breath. 'Look what I have to deal with' I saw Sherlock's whole body tighten and his eyes fume, lifting up a foot in order to talk a step forward. An action that was blocked by my arm that had been moved from my side to go across his body. He turned his head to face me, his expression a confused angry, as his eyes kept snapping from me back to Lestrade. While giving me another short glance I shook my head no, causing him to slump slightly and eyes to turned into a sad, upset expression, but made no argument against it.
I found myself laughing along with him, rolling my eyes at our immature behavior that seemed to always surround us during supposedly dark situations. "Only you could think that way about a potential serial killer" Shaking my head softly in return, still chuckling as he returned the gesture with a smirk of his own.
"Another case already boys?" Her voice was a comfort to hear, but her voice held a tone that was a bit distraught.
"The jury declared it self defense," Sherlock said in a matter of fact tone like he found the answer obvious and expected me to get it from just what he told me. I rolled my eyes at the tone he used, he always seems to forget not everyone thinks like him.
"John." He grabbed my shoulders, pushing down my arm that was pointing at the door, moving his hands down my arms till my hands rested beside my body. He moved his hands back up to my shoulders after he was satisfied doing slight soothing circles, being extra careful on the one with the bullet wound. "John look at me." I snapped my head towards him, a full-on glare ready to meet his face that was most likely to be snarky, but it was not his eyes were empathetic, something that caused all the anger to boil out of me as my tense shoulders now went lax beneath his hands.
"Mrs. Bull?" The lady shifted on her feet, pulling the door open slightly so we were able to see more of the woman hidden behind the door. Her light brown hair fell over to cover most of her left eye, leaving one dark brown eye to gaze up at us. "Could we come in?" Sherlock was putting on a sympathetic tone, trying to encourage the other to let us in. Wanting to get more information on her husband's death.
I found myself rolling my eyes as Sherlock jumped over towards Molly giving a silent handwave as a signal for Molly to close up the bag back up. Molly had quickly gone to work as Sherlock started speed walking in the door. Only Sherlock could find murder fun. Well, that and me. I found a deep chuckle rising out of my chest as Sherlock turned around from the door shouting out.
"Oh really?" I laughed out exasperated. This conversation felt extremely idiotic. Especially considering the fact that I got into an argument with a store's shopping machine. "Says the guy who faked his death for two years." The hiss of judgment was out of my mouth before I could stop it, the words spilling toxicity all over with every syllable.
I forced myself to ignore the body hanging below and glanced up from where the corpse was hanging from the tree. My eyes squinting trying to figure out what was carved deeply within the tree above his head. A ragged S shape was carved into a tree with some sort of blunt object of which I could only assume was a knife. I stole a confused glance towards Sherlock who happened to glance at me at the same time. He snapped his head back to the body whipping his hand out, pressing it up against my chest until I started walking backward, Sherlock followed me on this adventure as we backed up and more trees came into view. That's when the note that Sherlock mentioned to me came into view, carved into the trees.
"Interesting, " I hummed in response to the statement. Keeping my newspaper standing straight despite holding it with one hand in order to take a sip of the freshly made tea. We had just gotten home and Sherlock removed his coat, loosely hanging it on the rack before instantly moving over to his signature couch plopping himself down upon it as he got right to his reading 'Kylen Lancaster' file trying to find any potential evidence to figure out who our potential killer may be. "It says here he was on trial for the murder of Maxwell Bull." I found my head popping up from the London Central newspaper that I was formerly engrossed in.
"We are just here to help." I supplied to try and bring him off the defensive barrier he surrounded himself with.
I heard a harsh slap and realized Sherlock had slammed the file shut, staring directly at me as if he were waiting for me to say something. I stared right back lifting up the tea to my mouth for one last drink of my tea before speaking up.
I felt my lip pull up into a snarl on instinct, without warning. I found bubbling anger about to spew out of my mouth as I opened it up in order to call her out. Sherlock had beat me to cutting the knife through the tension though, with a statement and tone that was supposed to calm both of us down.
"Apparently if you get enough bee stings, it could kill anyone, whether they have an allergy or not," I grunted as I saw the excitement flutter out of his eyes. He closed his eyes as he leaned back against the couch, his head turning to look at the ceiling. His exhale of breath sounded disappointed despite no words left his mouth.
I saw Sherlock paused, his face contorting before going blank, a common facial expression for if he was about to go into his mind palace. I paused with him for a second, before looking up to the sky, seeing darker clouds come closer our way. I pulled slightly on his hand, which made his feet move without conscious thought on his part as we continued forward. Me leading him to make sure he didn't bump into anything while he was deep into his mind space. I saw little dark spots of grey forming from where the droplets hit the concrete of the ground, Sherlock's hair was now slightly damp from the rain, some strands sticking to his forehead as his face continued to reveal nothing.
“While I understand that we have different morals and standards, we are there to help solve crimes and help people. Not to make them fear us without any legitimate proof that they were the ones who in fact committed the crime.” I let out a deep sigh, “None of this could be used as evidence now because he could say he was forced into saying those things. And he would be in the right too! Whether he was the killer or not.” I turned to look at Sherlock who was nodding in agreement.
"Well, no. It's in our nature to seek close connections with people, even in certain scenarios, it helps put pressure on you that could result in you getting to the answer quicker." I gave a soft nod at the end. My mind feeling authoritative on my feelings. Believing I had good evidence to support human interaction having benefits to people and society as a whole.
"John," His voice is a rumbling comfort, contrasting greatly against his rumbling growl. I knew instantly that he turned his head to face me, I could feel those piercing blue eyes staring a hole into my skull. The pressure felt uncomfortable making me close my eyes, and feel the need to turn away and urge I followed through on. "We both know that I was also in the wrong. It is I who should be apologizing to you."
“So what’s with the bees?” He was now sitting in a slouching position as he used his hand to prop up his head as he awaited my answer.
"Please don't." I let out a short unamused laugh, lifting my hand to rest on his shoulder, giving it a few soft pats for good measure. Sometimes he could be so ignorant towards issues he deems unimportant. "The fans would go even wilder." Sherlock turned his head to face me, a wide grin breaking out on his face, his bright blue eyes shimmering with joy.
“What about the rest of the beekeepers?” I asked suspiciously confused as to why Sherlock didn’t want to investigate any further.
"This better be good Sherlock." Lestrade had mumbled darkly turning his head towards the body behind him. His expression settling on one of slight annoyance but intrigue. Waiting for Sherlock to explain his reasoning for why he was interested in this case in the first place.
“I mean the second one was in the forest and there were a lot of flowers packed into that one area of the forest, it wouldn’t be unlikely to see a bunch of bees around a bunch of flowers. Besides from what I can remember,” I shivered at the thought of the hanging corpse, “There appeared to be no bee stings post mortem correct?”
"By deduction." Was his two-word answer as a cab came to a stop, and Sherlock popped open the door pulling it all the way out. Already waiting for me to get in first, so he may follow after.
"Mr. Sherlock. The case was deemed self-defense." She brushed strands of hair that fell onto her face and tucked it behind her ear, in a soft motion, glancing at Sherlock, who only hummed in acknowledgment.
I turned my back on Sherlock and folded my hands across my chest, honestly done with seeing Sherlock’s confused face like I was acting like the crazy one in this situation. I swear sometimes Sherlock could be so dense that it felt as if I was talking to a brick wall instead of a human being. I felt Sherlock’s presence behind me before the words stumbled into my ear.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming. Hold your horses."
"Mm?" Was my only response as I looked at him just as confused as him, it seemed like he was trying to figure something out. But what? I stared at him waiting for his reply, deciding not to push it.
"Why put it in an extremely out of the way manner? What was the purpose?" I chimed in with a question of my own. I was trying the figure out and questioning the actions and mannerisms about how the murder decided to portray his victim. "Wouldn't they want to put that broad and center? To show why this act has been committed?" I had come to the conclusion, not a second later after saying that sentence, that the cuts that spell out killer we're intended to show what the killer thought of the victim.
"She became a disgrace in her town when the accusations got out. It's been a few months, the hate her husband's death caused had finally calmed down. She doesn't want any more attention, even if it just people apologizing." Sherlock looked at me, giving me a slightly sympathetic smile that seemed awkward as if he wasn't sure what to do exactly. Staring and waiting for my response he knew was to come.
"There is two LL's," I mumbled out trying to catch up Lestrade in the 'breakthrough of the case' as Sherlock placed the hand back down on the table, keeping silent as his eyes glazed over, his eyes staring off into space.
"Yes." He hissed out his eyes shifting more into danger and anger. Similar to the Hounds of Baskerville, scared and even more angry if that was all possible. Snapping his head towards me, his words spoke in a whispered hiss, his eyes glinting bright blue flames. "But that doesn't stop the fact that you might die." His voice snapped through the air harshly, his words punching into my gut as he whipped his head away from me. His pitch-black curls snapping rapidly at the movement of his head.
"John." He had now turned his head to look at me, his eyes having a questioning look in them, a question yet to be solved.
"Wait." I found my feet stopped as my mind racked for the answer. Sherlock stopped alongside me,  pausing as he looked back at me in confusion, his head tilting slightly to the side. I felt another cold drop hit me, which reminded me why we're were going back in the first place. I picked up my feet once again and started walking forward once more.  "What if we're looking at this the wrong way." I heard him hum in response showing to me he was listening and waiting for me to continue. "What if we shouldn't be looking for what the killer left behind, but the victim itself."
"The killer did believe the victim was a killer. In order to figure out why the killer did it. We need to know what they believed the victim did." I looked up at him, seeing him look at me with a small smile, clearly now being able to see a way to which he could solve the case that in his mind had gone cold.
"Names have nothing to do with the potential of someone becoming a serial killer or not." He huffed out as he turned his head to look out the cab window, his brows pulled into a constant upset stare.
"We're not solicitors," Sherlock grumbled out, finding it obvious that they were in fact not solicitors. I took it to myself to explain further.
I quickly deduced that there were also bees at this crime scene from the bee catchers that already had some bees in containment and the few that laid gently upon the flowers of which they were brought to pollinate. I took a glance up towards the face of the corpse and a sick sense of dread filled my entire system as I realized the crazy flower obsession didn't stop there. Flowers were forcibly shoved into the eyes sockets, seemingly while the man was still alive based on the long thick dark stripes of blood that fell down from beneath the eyes, dripping down onto the already blood-soaked soil. I shivered, closing my eyes as I slightly shook my head back and forth to try and attempt to wipe the image from my mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait - confined? What do you mean
“Does she do bees?” asked Sherlock.
Fuck.
Sherlock preened.
John whistled.
“Who do you suppose it is?” John had asked as she walked with him toward the gardens.
What the hell had happened to him before Lestrade had found him and taken him in?
They’d left it at that, and two days later, John, arriving later than was his custom to the garden, found Molly already there, sitting on one of John’s benches which she’d pulled out into the fading sunlight. Al stood beside Lestrade, a good distance away from them.
“Ah – Dr. Watson. There you are.” Minerva dismissed her detention students with a wave of her hand, raised her wand to throw up a sound barrier around Mycroft, and turned to face John, arms crossed across her chest, leaving no question as to who was in charge here. “I admit I made a tactical error – young Mr. Holmes discovered the trophy room while the students were cleaning the bathroom. He saw one of the memorials in honor of Headmaster Dumbledore, Confused, he confirmed the current year with one of the students, then started screaming. This drew the attention of Professor Holmes, who came out to investigate. His class followed .” She frowned at that, and her frown had the same affect on John as being confronted unexpectedly with the barrel of a gun. He squelched a shiver as she continued. “Young Mycroft heard a student call Sherlock Professor Holmes and…well….”
were you thinking, Scorpius?”
“No – just – no.”
ooOOOOoo
fault, that it’s his responsibility to make it right, to make it work. But knowing – with a certainty borne of utter confidence in his own deductive sensibilities – that everything they’ve done to make it possible for John to live here will not be enough. That the effort to climb those stairs will eventually be too much. That they aren’t getting any younger, and that if the best specialists in London are to be trusted and believed, John will not be climbing any more fire escapes or chasing down criminals, and that even standing against a wall in stealth mode breathing quietly for more than ten minutes will test the limits of his leg. They should be grateful that he can still walk.
“Play to your strengths, John,” Sherlock said. “Take the right hand – I’ll do the left. Ready?”
He hoped a full-on reversal was the best way to turn the tables. He needed to get his feet under himself again – to tuck away the feelings. They wouldn’t give him an advantage here. Not at Rosethorne. And not with Sherlock Holmes.
“You really should double knot your shoelaces,” he said dryly.
“This isn’t forcing anything,” Molly said gently. “Taking patients out for fresh air and sunshine is age-old therapy.” She canted her head and lowered her voice even more. “Did you – when you were injured…?”
“Within reason.” Homes finished the phrase for her and gave an exaggerated sigh. “My brother is accustomed to getting what he wants, when he wants it. He is using his injury to his advantage. This is not about Dr. Watson, Mrs. Hudson, as you well know.”
“And hit anything?” John dropped his hand, letting it fall heavily onto his thigh. “But no – I haven’t thrown a single thing – rock or stone or clod of earth or even breadcrumbs - at any crows.” He scowled at the crow, who seemed to scowl right back at him.
“’m fine here.” He was breathing more regularly now, and had once again opened his eyes, but this time he was regarding John rather steadily, his eyes more focused.
ooOOOoo
“I – I don’t know what’s in that letter,” Mrs. Hudson said, and John took that opportunity to tuck the pages back in the envelope. “But no one’s to know he’s here. Not unless it’s absolutely necessary, Mr. Holmes says. It has something to do with the war. Sherlock’s very, very bright. Queer sort – too smart for his own good. And important – what he does – what he
“It’s quite obvious John I'm trying to solve the case, he clearly has some anger issues, Which fits with the profile of our killer.” I wasn’t even aware that I really thought of doing the action until I felt my hand come in contact with Sherlock’s cheek.
Sorry, this took so long! The school was being terrible and I had a horrible case of writer's block. I'm overall proud of this chapter even if the bottom half seems a little bit like filler.
He seemed to have another miraculous ability because as soon as Sherlock's hand stuck out, a cab pulled over the side. Something I still struggled to accomplish dispute the fact he blended into the surroundings behind him. Just like before he had opened up the door for me, more excitedly this time we both entered the car, the door slamming behind Sherlock in his attempt to get to our destination quicker.
"His name is Niko Salas, his only criminal record was from a few years ago, he went to court for-" Lestrade started but was cut off.
“You realize I still hate you right?”
"Looks like it's about to rain." Sherlock had now tilted his head up to the sky, looking at the dark clouds looming above us with a somber expression. I found nodded in response, a nonverbal response seemed more appropriate for this time than a vocal one. For the hike down the trail, we had talked back and forth about the case of murder by bees, a case I told Sherlock I would call 'the sting of a thousand bees', to lighten up the mood as we had come up empty-handed. The evidence was just enough to prove it was a murder, but not to help figure out who the murder was despite the letters scattered across the murdered victim.
"Allergies?" He questioned his eyes going slightly unfocused as he considered this option.
“And what was all of that for?” Sherlock’s face seemed to go blank, his mind sifting through his mind palace for an answer. His face then turned into a smirk as he looked up towards the sky.
"What is that? Some sort of cult symbol?" Lestrade spoke up, his face contorting into one of confusion as he put his hand underneath his chin, his eyes downcasting to the floor. Not even a few seconds later he decided to join us to inspect the wounds inflicted on the victim. He found his way to the left of me, picking up the hand Sherlock had discarded, lifting it up and nodded his yes head as he came to the same conclusion as us.
"I thought it was already solved Mr…" She hesitated to wait for a name to put to the mysterious figure beside her.
“I-Im not quite sure how anyone's life could hang in the balance-”
“What if your business hung in the balance.” I saw fury akin to Sherlock’s as Turner snapped his head towards Sherlock, his eyes seething with anger as he spits out a bunch of profanities directed at Sherlock before snapping out a coherent statement.
"No, you're right. I need a break from this." I heard the deep breath he took in before I heard the slight creek of the couch, signaling that he was pushing himself up. "A walk would be nice."
“You’ve never questioned my harsh tactics before? What’s so different this time?” When I turned to look at Sherlock he looked genuinely curious about the question, I  took in a deep breath and let it out, allowing myself the time to calm down, before I attempted to explain to the thick-headed, twig, the detective that he had crossed multiple lines.
"None at all," I spoke in a smirk, confident, I knew this would excite him, and felt rewarded as the in his eyes a glint of excitement formed. Calculating all the possible solutions, discarding some, and keeping others in the realm of possibility. He leaned even more forward as he elbows rested against his knees. Concentrating.
"Do you think a beekeeper is behind these murders?" Lestrade questioned pushing himself up from the tree that he had been previously leaning up against.
"It's her!" I shouted in a whisper, pointing back at the door of which we had just come out of. "She killed him, that's why she doesn't want the case to continue." I hissed out, turning my head towards the door to glare at it like it would melt allowing me to get to the woman inside.
"Who's calling me? I'm busy." He growled out at the phone before his face lit up in confusion recognition. "It's Lestrade." He turned to look at me, and with my nod of approval, he answered the phone.
"Alright, alright," Lestrade grumbled back his chair making a screeching sound as he pushed himself away from his desk in his rolly chair. He groaned as he used the side rests to push himself off the chair. Grumbling, he unlocks his key ring from his belt, the keys jingling as he went through each one till he made a little huff walking over to the cabinet. "And why exactly couldn't you call or text me to get these documents ready for you?" He shoved the key into the lock, turning it before giving it a harsh pull in order to pull the drawer.
“D-d-don’t get me wrong, I jus’ prefer staying home with my bees and my wife. I just seem to connect to them better than the people here.  I-I-had to move to make my beekeeping business in order to continue going.” Sherlock popped one eye open and pushed himself up on the couch into a sitting position.
"Aww am I such a terrible person." I cooed in a human talking to a puppy sort of way, before turning my tone into a more stern tone. "Too bad cause you to live with me, and I will throw it away. No matter how 'crucial' it is." I made sure to physically make quotation marks around the word crucial.
-----
"Can you make out what this is?" I watched as his eyes furrowed together snatching the photo out of my hand. He tossed the other one's behind him onto the awaiting table, starting to pace as his eyes ran across the photo. I saw his eyes indicate a presence of recognition before he went blank face continuing to stare at it puzzledly.
I moved my attention, staring deeply into the blood-stained petals of the man's eyes which despite everything seemed to stare deeply into my soul with that blank flowery stare. My mind ran around with a multitude of theories, my head swimming with possible explanations as to why they chose to show off this murder in this particular fashion.
"I know," I grumbled out, giving up on trying to give him the silent treatment, knowing I was going to fail horribly.
"I would like to see a photo of this man and the crime scene." Lestrade's face turned into one similar as a skull, rolling his eyes, but reaching into his coat pocket nonetheless.
"This transition is going to be hard to write on my blog," I grumbled out. Despite this new breakthrough in this case. I also understood that this was one to blog about. I knew writing a blog would be difficult but I didn't expect it to be this annoying.
"What do you think I normally do?" That got a snort out of the stone face Lestrade, his eyes crinkling into a smile as Sherlock whipped his head around to give the man a snarl.
I rolled my eyes as I turned on my heels, giving Mrs. Bull one quick glance over my shoulder before snapping my head back around following Sherlock out the door. As his hand pulled out in order to get the attention of any passing by cabbies, I took this opportunity to snap to him how stupid this man beside me could be sometimes.
“I’m a consulting detective, whenever the police are out of their depths, which is always, they consult me to help,” Sherlock stated with an upward quirk of his lip, looking as if he had just solved the hardest puzzle in the world.
"Shut up." Sherlock snapped out, finding the information inconsequential.
“What makes you think that dear Watson?” I almost choked on my tea from the surprise of my theory not being turned down outright, I ended coughing multiple times to clear my throat as I rubbed my watery eyes all while under the scrutiny of Sherlock who was staring at me as if I was an idiot. Before I was able to get the explanation to leave my mouth,
That's the end, this chapter is sorta a bit of filler, to help bring context to the story to help you solve the case right beside them. Sorry if it's not up to par with the first chapter. I promise it gets better.
I barked out a loud laugh turning my head to the side to look out the window like he's ever cared about something like that before, it's like he looked up what to do. I found myself shaking my head and continuing to laugh at the thought of him looking up 'how to woo your boyfriend for dummies' online. I turned back to look at Sherlock. "If I wore gloves that means you'll hold my hand less often." I knew it wasn't entirely true, but it was fun to attempt to mess with Sherlock's head, if he's caught by surprise, he won't be able to notice the lie I was speaking. (A tactic I was glad to learn)
Before the whole body had even been uncovered, you could see all the inflamed red circles littered around his entire face, facial expressions almost unrecognizable. His eyes seemed to be sewn shut with inflammation, his light brown hair messy and curled falling down into a sideburn on his face, the light stubble littering across his chin and neck, his body unrealistically large due to all the tiny pricks that had found their way into them. Once the whole body was uncovered, Sherlock instantly brought out his pocket-sized magnifying glass, sliding it open.
"Yes, It appears so." Sherlock snapped his spine straight, moving almost seamlessly to the other side of the table, where Molly quickly moved out of the way of his flowing coat. I followed quickly behind him, giving Molly a quick wave of my hand as an apology before finding my way besides Sherlock. He wrapped his hand around the hand, picking it up, and studying using the same treatment as the other.
"That's payback." I retorted moving my hands to my hips slightly jutting them out as I started up at him, holding back my smile as I tried to give him a blank face. One that failed terribly as I saw the messed up curls that had individual strings all over the place, and the soft smile that had accompanied the curls laying upon Sherlock's face. A cute combination that brings a smile to my face as he walked closer towards me.
He then reaches out and softly clasped around the scarf from my hand. Pulling it out before flipping it around his neck, the purple a blur as it swung rapidly reaching the other side of his neck to his awaiting hand. Pulling it fully around he loops it into a knot, securing the fluffy scarf around his neck. While he was busy I gave my hand a slight run through my grayish blonde hair, feeling it move across my sculpt as I try to predict how my hair was without having a mirror to glance into. Before I had even finished combing my hair down as best as possible he had already opened up the door. His coat flowed behind him as he quickly starting running down the stairs. I could hear his dark black shoes thumping against the wood as he made his way down the flight of stairs. I followed quickly behind, reaching the bottom of the stairs a split second before Mrs. Hudson (who is not our housekeeper) walked in through the door.
"I'm going to take that as a yes."
"I wouldn't say that's completely accurate. If you name your child a name that they will get teased for, it could potentially be what pushes them to enjoy inflicting the same pain upon others." I watched as he turned his head towards me, his pale blue eyes staring into mine with a blank look.
The tea that used to be Sherlocks (that he didn't even touch.) Whenever I had tried to get up, Sherlock would snap his hand out his eyes wide and panicked telling me to sit back down saying how much he appreciated the little input I would give him. Despite the fact I hadn't said much of two words to Sherlock after he entered his mind palace. If I tried to continue to stand up, he would bolt up his back straight, and his shirt wrinkled as he gave me the expression that could only be described as his own version of puppy dog eyes. Those were the eyes I couldn't resist as I would plop back down at the same time as Sherlock as he would let gravity bring him back down onto the couch going back to ignoring the world.
"It looks like a letter of some sort." His voice was a low rumble in return, his voice soft compared to the intense tone I took. "I just can't figure out which one." I found my eyes rolling without conscious thought, despite how smart he could be he always seemed to ignore the obvious answers to questions in favor of figuring it out using elaborate techniques.
"You know, you shouldn't just barge in there," I mentioned, changing the subject as I looked forward, seeing Sherlock pause as he tilted back his head to glance at me. He rose his eyebrows a silent expression that spoke 'watch me' as he snapped his way back forward, a dramatic flap of his coat as he pushed his way into Lestrade's office.
As he was shuffling through, giving a slight glance at each one before moving it to the back of the pile, something caught my eye. I found my hand shooting out from behind me, and landing on top of Sherlock's glove successfully prevented him from moving it to the back of the pile. His head slowly turned his head to the right to stare at me his eyebrows were drawn closer in and confusion laced expression. I briskly closed my other hand around the photo, taking it out of his hand bringing it closer to my face for closer inspection. I could feel the beginning of a headache form as I forced my brows to furrow to be able to better focus on the photo in front of me, rather than the seventy or noise around me.
We were silent on the first few minutes walking back, giving me time to think inside my head. Giving me time to think out all the questions within my mind, and try to find an answer for each unsolved on. How do you find a murder that left no clues behind? I felt myself wondering before the answer popped into my mind. You find their weakness.
"Come on. Let's make that tea."
"Spit it out," I piped in, wanting to be caught up in what Sherlock had already gathered on the wound of the victim.
"Hmm." Was the only acknowledgment he gave and I found a snarl forming on my face with a slight eye roll to accompany the look. This tended to happen every time, but he somehow managed to make it just as irritating each time.
-------
"How did he get away with that?" My voice was slightly higher pitched and more scratchy as I tried to get a grip on the concept. Had the killer of this man been correct after all?
He didn't speak again until we were almost off the path, and just behind the building, we had to walk our way around. I continued looking forward to seeing as the rain was starting to pick up, and we needed to get into a cab soon if we wanted to avoid getting soaked by the storm. I paused when I felt a soft pressure against the back of my hand as he rubbed his thumb back and forth across it to alert me of his presence.
"I hadn't really thought of it." Was Sherlock's bored answer as Lestrade let out an exasperated chuckle, turning his head back to look at Sherlock with wide eyes.
I felt a chuckle flow out of my mouth in response, smirking as Sherlock turned around to face me, his eyes fuming that you could practically see the smoke flowing out of his ears, and the lighting of the flame in his eyes.
"Thank you, John." The tone receipts of the Sherlock I grew to learn and love. He precisely shoved his phone in his pocket without taking an eye off of me.
"I did sign up for this. You say danger, and I come." I was paraphrasing him, a line he told me not too long after we met. An accurate statement despite how long ago it was said. I thrived off danger and the thrill it gave to me, no matter how hard I try, I would never be able to turn away on this life Sherlock created for me.
I just continued my walk to the kitchen, not saying anything in response. I had opened the cabinet door taking out the tea packet setting it on the counter before making my move towards the fridge. I opened the door and the light clicked on, I disregarding the hand that was stored in a clear container right beside the milk, instead, going for grabbing the handle of the milk pulling it out of the refrigerator.
If you were to ask me exactly how Sherlock found his way to the crime scene with little to no information from the police who were scattered along the edge of the forest, I would have no clue. My best guess he managed to track footprints, even though the bumpy terrain of which this forest was composed of. Which of course caused me to get left behind.
“What if someone’s life hanged in the balance?” Sherlock quipped up once again leaning even more forward as he continued to stare into Turner’s skull.
I cleared my throat amidst the silence.
That's when the recognizable sound of a vibrating ringtone buzzed throughout the car, causing Sherlock to grumble something unintelligible out as he jerked up, roughly pulling his phone out of his coat pocket, sending a glare at it.
"Yes unless they were meaning rille. Which is not possible because I can see a K right here." His gloved hand pointed at the bottom of the man's skull. Lestrade and I turned our heads towards each other, and without speaking we nodded our heads. A silent agreement that we had both believed Sherlocks claims."I guess I should call this into the department then." He mumbled out, walking over to the right side of the room as he pulled out his phone out of his coat pocket.
"I mean." She snapped her body around to face me, clearly forgetting that I was also within the room until I broke the silence. Her eyes widen as she looked directly into my slightly squinted eyes, clearly feeling anxious about something. "Yes, I just." She paused pulling her bottom lip beneath her teeth. "Don't want to go through the whole process again."
“Always.”
"It's such a short transition between one part to another, almost seems insignificant, except it holds an important part." A scowl found its way across my face my eyes squinting as I tried, and failed, to think of a solution.
"I could work that out." I saw a smirk forming on his face, even as he turned his face towards the window to try and hide that fact.
I couldn't stop laughing as I doubled over in laughter, hearing Molly join in with her own light higher-pitched chuckle. The words that had spilled out of Sherlock's mouth haphazardly we're absolutely, hilariously entertaining to me.
Turner loosened his white-knuckled grip on the door but continued to stare silently at us for a few extra moments as if he was considering the words spoken were true or not. After a while, he seemed to come to his conclusion as his body posture relaxed to a more curious posture.
"I'm sorry," My voice cracked, my true emotions leaking through more so then I had attended, I had to be strong. "It wasn't right for me to do that." I felt the whisper escape my lip, as I felt shame flow around me, biting my bottom lip trying to hold back the emotions ready to overflow. My eyes moving to glance down onto my lap, where my other hand rested blankly. Over the years of becoming partners with Sherlock, I learned certain things. Like how he tended to express his emotions different than what you would expect. In was I still have a hard time deciphering, his own silent language.
"Boring." He spoke out his mind, his tone matching what he spoke as his lip curled up into a snarl, finding it annoying that there wasn't a clever murder out there, just waiting for Sherlock to catch him.
"Thiers an E here." Lestrade was the first one to speak, he had mumbled it out after getting the left shoe off the man. The cut was easy to spot as it wasn't surrounded by a bunch of bees stings as his shoes protected his feet.
I felt something heavy hit my nose, confused I lifted up my hand from where it was resting in my warm coat pocket. Putting it on my nose only to pull it back to see it was slightly wet, I rubbed my forefinger and thumb together to get rid of the moisture. I turned my head to look at him, he was already starting back, we nodded our heads at the same time in understanding. He held out his gloved hand in an invitation, I moved my hand slowly to put my hand into his gloved one. Our fingers curling together as we started our journey back to the city.
"She didn't kill her husband. I know that much." He gave me a soft smile that almost seemed out of place as he once again moved to stick out his hand, his gaze turning over to the side watching as a cab pulled over after a few seconds. Once again pushing my shoulders in order to guide me into the awaiting cab, because at the moment I was only half aware of the world around me, before moving to sit right beside me, giving the directions to our flat to the cab driver.
"Then. Then why did she not want the case to continue?" I found myself asking once had snapped out of my trance back into reality. Looking around and realizing we were already on the road, before shaking my head as I started to remember what happened.
"So what we need to do is talk to his family, check over his records," I spoke with more cheer in my voice as a wider smile broke out across his face. He nodded his head rapidly in excitement before pausing, his hand falling from me as he spun his way to be in front of me. Putting his hands on both of my shoulders he spoke.
"Thanks." I murmured out, for Sherlock to which Lestrade answered with a nod of his own. I quickly turned around giving another quick 'thanks' as I closed the door behind me. Jogging in order to catch up with Sherlock who was almost all the way down the hall already.
"They call it a freak accident." I tried to hold a neutral tone, trying to seem uninterested as I turned my head to look up at Sherlock, who was sitting on the couch across from me. He took a rather usual strange position on the couch. He was balancing on the tip of his toes his feet resting against the couch. He was wearing his normal jeans, and his famous purple shirt, his black curly hair still a stylized mess as he rested his hands beneath his chin. His eyes were closed in concentration, the only sign to show he had even heard me was the slight twitching of his eyebrow, showing his interest in what I had spoken. "Killed by a bunch of bees." I saw Sherlock bounce up, kicking his feet from beneath him as he fell down, the bounce off the couch catching his fall as he now sat up and leaned forward, his hands were in the same position, but his eyes were now open and staring directly at me. His eyes filled with puzzles as he questioned how this could be possible.
“Sorry, he didn’t mean to, he doesn’t know-”
“I have an idea, we can go home, you can make yourself a cup of tea and read the newspaper, or watch bad telly. Whatever you want.” I gave a confused glance towards Sherlock, half expecting this to be some sort of set up that I haven’t figured out yet.
His eyes flicked across the paper in almost complete silence. His pale blue eyes blank, and his facial expressions neutral giving away nothing to as to what he was reading as he skimmed across the coroner's report. He cracked his right hand out through the air, shoving the report in Lestrade's face without glancing up from the pictures that were now in view. I strolled my way over to Sherlock, tempted to see the crime scene within his hands. I walked behind him, standing on the top of my toes, glancing over Sherlock's shoulder as he shuffled through the photos.
“The bees were a coincidence,” Sherlock whispered in a solid tone, his eyes gleaming a sense of adventure that was soon to come.”
"That does not give you permission to put decapitated heads wherever you wish to put them," I growled out, to which he replied with a rolling eye of his own, turning his head to look at the seat in front of them as he hunched over and a tiny frown formed on his face.
"Ah, here it is." Lestrade paused his flicking, grabbing and pulling a file out of a stack of them. He closed his drawer with a harsh bump from his hip, ignoring locking it back for right now was he focused on reading the name of the file. "Mr. Kylen Lancaster" Lestrade spoke with a tone of a teacher giving a lecture walking over to Sherlock, plopping the file down in his open hand, not expecting a thank you in response. A quite correct assumption as Sherlock instantly turned around to walk out the door.
Sherlock growled something that seemed unreal based on the anatomy of human vocal cords, but he had managed to make every syllable of his words spoken with a rumbling growl. His head already snapped back towards me as the words I feared to hear come out of his mouth poured out.
"That means more danger than necessary could be brought upon you." He mumbled out, his eyebrows pulling into an almost angry expression, his black brows making his blue eyes stand out in comparison. His eyes had a look I couldn't quite place an emotion on as he continued to gaze out the window watching London fly by.
"Only one way to find out."
"The game is on."
"So where are we going?" The question hung in the air as he didn't answer, instead, he leaned forward in his seat to speak to the cabbie driver. My question was answered soon after when he gave the cabbie the address to the morgue where we had first met. And presumably where Molly had the man who was stung to death laying around. I could feel a smirk perk up my lips as I turned and looked at him. "I guess that answers my question." I out an airy laugh out turning my head to the side looking through the window as the cabbie put the car into drive and started on its journey to the morgue.
"I have an R," I mumbled out not so soon after him, glancing up at Sherlock to see if he had found anything as well to help complete the puzzle where all the pieces were askew.
"Caring is a chemical defect is it not?" I hummed, this used to be a common conversation, well more of a statement at the beginning of our partnership. Why is he stating it as if he's trying to convince himself his opinion was right. If he ever believed that his opinion was wrong.
"The game is on John!" He replied back, his gloved hand raising up to point his pointer finger to the sky, but he did slow down his stride in order for me to catch up just in time to reach the crime scene.
“Look I.” He paused as if he was residing if this was the correct route or not, a wise decision on his part. “I’m sorry. What did I do wrong.”
A slap that made my hand sting with pain which I ignored as I curled my left hand up into a fist and set it to the side, keeping my eyes directly on Sherlock as he recovered from the shock the slap gave him. He gently reached up to his face cupping his cheek in his palm before mumbling out something.
I stormed out towards Sherlock with the anger I never knew existed, he quickly turned around a smile on his face before his expression dropped as he saw a glimpse of my fury. His eyes widened as I found my way right in front of him as I stood on my tippy toes to get on his eye level as I jabbed my pointer finger into his chest.
I saw Sherlock, the man who had just spewed out who the murder was, smile. He quickly snapped back around, his coat snapping in the wind as he turned towards the body. Dropping to the ground balancing on the top of his toes, his actions almost deafening silence. He lifts up his gloved hand, the black leather gloves thick as he pulls on the suit of the dead man lying on the ground. The dark black and blue bruises are now more noticeable with the fabric pulled back. He tilts his head back to Lestrade.
Then he had turned his way back around speed walking forward as I followed closely behind him as he stuck his hand out to land a cab that happened to be passing by at the exact moment.
“That’s a bit of an overreaction I’d say.” I threw my hands up in an angry surrender, there was no way I was going to get it through his thick skull that this was not the proper way to handle a situation at all.
"And why would they wait in the crowd?" Lestrade questioned as he ran a hand through his short grey hair, already giving a hand signal to the police to go after the suspect in question.
Hopefully, with summer coming up soon, I can start to post on a more regular basis.
His feet wherein the air he lifted himself off the ground leaping up and down in the air. Wildly bouncing his arms up and down as a silent chant   'yes' rumbled out of his mouth. He jogged towards me, his coat following close behind as he latched his hands upon my shoulders in a tight embrace. "This is going to be a fun case indeed."
"What does that make Lestrade then? A fetus?" The words were like a knife cutting through metal, Lestrade snapping out of his laughing fit to snap up his head to glare at Sherlock.
We had exited the car before it even had even come to a complete stop. The cabbie slightly cursing as I more so had to toss the money in his direction to keep up with Sherlock's pace. I still had to jog quickly to meet up with him, using both hands to push open the doors as he sped walked through the narrow but long bright white walls of the morgue. We had made it into the room to which Molly and Lestrade were waiting, Molly having a slightly nervous expression, most likely for having Sherlock in the room, but was nonetheless ready for any commands that happened to come her way. Lestrade seemed annoyed and more so bored, seemingly ready to 'get on with it already'.
"Stop it." The words were short and the tone was nothing short of his annoyance, but it had caused a giggle to fall out of my mouth anyway. "Do you know how long it takes me to tame this in the morning?" His words were a slight growl, but I could hear the slight smile in his tone as he managed to pull my hands out of his hair.
"There's been another murder."
"Their signature is to mark the body with their sins."
Sherlock jumped at the acceptance that he had gained from me and speed walked to the end of the driveway putting out his arm to hail a cab.
"Why do you think?" His voice came out like a snarky snort, being annoyed at having to explain at least to him was 'obvious'. "To avoid suspicion." His tone spoke of an eye roll despite not actually rolling his eyes. "If you stand in the crowd, trying to figure out what happened, you seem less suspicious." He rolled his eyes, believing this 'uninteresting' case was dragging on for far too long. Believing that staying here was a useless waste of time, I could sense this, and in order to defuse this situation, I used what was every genius's weakness was. Recognition.
"Ah." I found myself facing him as I moved my pointer finger to land over his mouth. A silent command to be quiet. I could feel his smile expand underneath my finger as he reached up to grab my wrist. He pulled it away slightly, just enough so he was able to lean down and give the top a gentle kiss.
"It would've." I wouldn't be on to deny it. It certainly would've been far more interesting having to chase down the killer, rather than leaving it over to the police to handle it. The car hit a rough bump causing me to look away and concentrate on not bumping my head into the window beside me. I turned back to see him seemingly stuck in his mind palace before suddenly snapped out of it.
I felt a soft smile form without my consent on my face, giving a little sniff. Pushing back on my emotions that were previously begging to be released. He rarely apologized, when he did, it meant something, it told me that he meant it. This was something he didn't just do to anyone, it made me feel like I was in good hands, like he would care for me until he could not. It made me special. I heard the ruffling of the fabric against fabric before I had felt a soft but firm arm wrap around my waist, his leather gloves curling around my coat despite the limited grip his gloves proved to have. My mind blanked as he softly nudged my side, the purpose of the movement to encourage me to tip over. I gesture I gladly accepted as I put my head on his clothed chest. My eyes closing in comfort.
"Indeed it is my dear Watson." He looked up at me, giving me a confident smirk at my 'caught off guard' expression, one of which found its way to become a snarl as Sherlock turned his head back down. I turned my head away as well.
He opened his palm showing the pink speck that was standing out against the black leather of his gloves before pinching it together and dropping it to the ground. He brushed off his hands, most likely to get the remainder of the pink specks off his gloves, as he brings himself up to a standing position his hands at his side as he turns his body around to face us again. He glanced at me before turning his gaze back to the detective, his eyes hinting his slight annoyance that he has to repeat himself.
"45 Kings Road, London house number NW39." Sherlock laid out the matter of factly as he read the address from the files within his hands.
"Yes, that is all true. It is in our nature to seek out intimate relationships. The real question to be asking is whether it is truly beneficial or not. While correct in certain scenarios it can help you solve problems or get to solutions quicker, it could also lead you to panic and get things wrong. Which in return puts you in more danger than you would have been without caring." He glanced down at his hands, a stray piece of his curly black hair flung down from his face, covering up a slight view of his left eye. He didn't seem to care or notice as he lifted his head back up to look out the window. His stray hair seemingly falling out of the way of his eye with the slight movement.
“Interesting.” Was the only response Sherlock mumbled out, an action that caused Tucker’s eyes to widen as his hands got removed from his pockets. He quickly put his hands in front of him and shook his hands back and forth as he let out a slightly panicked speech.
"You realize you can always check the body." My voice came to a slightly exasperated annoyed tone lifting up one eyebrow as I stared blankly at the man in front of me. I could feel his face heat up as his eyes when blank, his mouth falling open into an 'o' shape. Before snapping out of his trance, quickly moving towards the body from where he had stood.
Sherlock was through the door and walking to the middle of the room as soon as the door was open all the way. Looking at the walls and the layout of the place, along with the photos scattered around the room. I had entered soon after him at a much slower pace, giving the lady a soft 'thank you' as an attempt to calm her down from this seeming invasion of her house.
I stared blankly at Sherlock for a good five seconds, half expecting him to change his mind and wish to continue on his hunt of beekeepers, before shaking my head back and forth and mumbling out an,
"So a serial killer huh?" I found my shoulders falling down, a deep calming breath comes out of me. Looking out in front of me in contempt as ai remembered back to the time when I had first worked on a case with Sherlock. This was like a normal Tuesday for us, why was I so worried in the first place? We could handle this, after all, they always make mistakes and will always be caught in the end.
"Oh, it will be." The voice muffled as his mine focused more on the covered dead man in front of him, rather than how much his voice is projecting to someone who already could probably already guess what they were saying. Star gazed he walked closer to the body, slightly already bending down to inspect the black wrinkled plastic. The only thing in his way from inspecting the mystery that is the man who died from bee stings. Sherlock tilted his head up giving a soft glance, one that Molly instantly recognized and bringing her hand up to the top of the zipper, grabbing the silver handle as she pulls it back. The recognizable sound of a zipper being drawn back flowed throughout the entire room, complete silence being broken the noise of promise. The noise of adventure.
"What do you want? This is private property, no solicitors." His deep rumbly voice growled out as he stared at me and Sherlock with an icy green glare that was reminiscent of the summer greens.
The car bounced up and down as we drove down a particularly pothole-ridden road.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What if the bees were a coincidence?" I spoke the first thing to come to my mind while setting my newspaper back upon the table of which I grabbed it off of, knowing Sherlock liked to use me as a way to eliminate certain possibilities that were too “simple” for him to even consider. He paused for a minute as if he was considering what I said, I took the time to take a sip of my now lukewarm tea.
The crime scene was horrid. All of my time in Afghanistan could have not prepared me for this horrific scene. I thought the worst part of the war was watching my fellow men die slowly on the operating table, to which I was not able to save them and ease their pain as they passed on. This though was terrible on its own level. The man has been strung up, the ripped bark of the tree that was bent to hold up onto the man that had found its way shoved underneath the man's skin. His arms and legs held as far back behind as they could go nailed into the bark to keep the man suspended in the air.
"Good point." Sherlock rolled out. "But still highly unlikely, so, irrelevant." He turned his gaze back to the window but a small quirk of his lip helped bring a comfortable silence back over the car ride.
"Indeed."  I jumped slightly at the sound as he turned his head toward me, giving me a small smirk. He stopped briefly, bringing his hands up from his side as he brought up the yellow 'crime scene' tape pulling it above both of our heads as he allowed me to walk under first. Following in my footsteps quickly after, now walking in front of me once again.
"But it's not the same as when you come over and grab my hand without warning." I saw his eyes widen and his head tilt to the side as he contemplated my words. I leaned away from his face and sit back in my previous position, the tone turning a little less light as I opened up about why. "It makes it seem like you want to be with me." I turned and gave him a large smile, trying my best to express how content I felt on the inside, despite the worries that plague my mind.
"Exactly."
"Why would they use something that can be easily related back to them?" I glared gently at Sherlock who wasn’t even looking at me, rather he was sprawled across the entire couch staring up at the ceiling with his hands underneath his chin.  I gently closed the newspaper I was reading and closed it, setting it gently down upon my leg. Realizing I was going to become part of this conversation whether I really wanted to or not.
"No shit Sherlock. I was wondering about the details, why the jury declared it as self-defense." I replied in a snarky tone, lying through my teeth as I really hadn't considered the self-defense root, but I wasn't about to let myself lose this round.
"Fantastic," I mumbled out in awe, it always amazes me how quickly he can solve cases that the police had to call him to solve. No matter how many times I see it, it never fails to amaze me.
My hand shook slightly as I debated whether I should take this action or not. He normally didn't enjoy physical contact, but this was different, this was a comfort. I had to do this. Without really realizing it, my hand was already gently resting on the shoulder of the man to the side of me. I felt him tense beneath my fingertips as his shoulder lifts up before settling back down, his whole posture now relaxing. I hadn't even realized how tense he had been, his eyes shifting into a tone of a numbing blank like he was leaving the world to join bis mind in a place of calm.
“We can do those tomorrow,” Sherlock stated with a smile on his face. “We both need a break from this case anyway,” I raised a questioning eyebrow at Sherlock like I was going to believe he needed a break from a case. “I need to sort out the evidence in my mind palace anyway, it would be beneficial to both of us.”
"We are here to help solve the case of your deceased husband Mr. Maxwell Bull." Her head jerked towards Sherlock who had walked over to the swirly designed oak mantel, studying the pictures on it. Not taking notice of the woman who quickly found her way beside him.
"Now give it over." They once again did the 'give me signal' clearly being annoyed at how long it was taking for his demand to be met.
With a hop in his step, Sherlock exited the cab with me sliding right behind him. Speed walking up to the door was something of a regular occurrence as we made it over to a large, dark brown, wooden door with a large metal knocker. And to seal the deal of the Victorian era theme, the door was jerked open before Sherlock could even get his black, gloved hand upon the knocker.
He had turned his head away, after that, his eyes pulling together as he thought upon the subject. "Yes, it appears so." His head shifted down to look at his legs, his hand resting on my back felt like it got ten pounds heavier with the weight of the words spoken.
"Don't, just don't. I'm going to go in there." I pointed behind me to the kitchen, "make myself some tea. Maybe go for a walk." His eyes widened in response to an expression that read of sound similar to 'how could you do this to me' He spun himself around the couch so his feet now hit the ground, fully facing me in his purple shirt of 'sex'. "And you're not going to stop me." A scoff was the only word I could think of to describe the noise that had come out of my mouth as I stormed towards the kitchen.
"Well…" I breathed out seeing the cloud of cold white form in front of my face "Here we are." I raised my ungloved hand (a mistake on my part) to give two knocks on the dark wooden door, the sound reverberating against the surprisingly empty streets of London, sending pain right up my cold stinging hand.
"So where do they live?"
"You should tell that to the fans."
“You’re that detective with the two hat thingies?” He moved his hand up to his head, moving it back and forth on the side of his skull to indicate the two-sided hat Sherlock wore as an attempt to avoid the press. An attempt that clearly backfired, as Sherlock’s face turned from a confident smile to an annoyed half-glare as soon as those words left Turner’s mouth.
Sherlock took a deep breath, clearly preparing himself to ask an important question as he turned to face the women. Giving her a long once over, looking for something within her stance or posture to explain the answer to the question given to her. When he found what he was looking for he opened his mouth ready to ask follow-up questions.
"Of course my dear Watson." He spoke as he made his way over to me, once again pulling out his handing pocket magnifying glass as he leaned down toward the body. He slipped his gloved hand under the dead man's, picking it up and turning it over so the palm is facing downwards. Now giving us a better view of the injury the man seemed to be supporting. Now that we knew learned what we were looking for, it became easier to spot it, the wound on his hand became quickly focused on by my eyes as I leaned over the body as well. The image of what letter it was remained fuzzy inside my mind, till all the pieces clicked together and the puzzle was solved.
"Thanks for your time Mrs. Bull, but we must get going now." I snapped my head towards Sherlock, giving him the full-on glare I was holding back. Lifting up my eyebrow in an 'are you serious' look, one of which he replied back with a roll of his eyes as he walked over to me. He pushed his shoulder against mine as he walked by, a silent command to follow along.
“I mean... I would always choose my wife over my bees, others, I don’t know anyone well enough to remove my only source of income to please them.” Turner turned his head away from the icy eyes of Sherlock’s almost as if he was ashamed of his answer.
"It's an experiment." He was right beside me now leaning over my shoulder his head right next to my ear as he started to point his hands towards the hand in question. I quickly decided to close the door before he had the chance to fully point it out as I turned around, moving back to the counter with the milk in my hand, putting it next to the tea packets.
"Jesus Sherlock, could you slow down for one second?" I shouted at the man who was at least fifteen strides ahead of me.
"Yes, Ms. Hudson." Sherlock had smiled as I found my way next to him near the door. "The game is on." With that, we were out the door within a second.
"You can see little bits of pieces of pink nail polish crusting along with the wounds." His voice pierced through the silence as he shifted, closing his gloves around something.
I was about to turn and get back to work on making the tea before I felt a smirk form on my face as a brilliant idea popped into my head. I snapped both of my hand up to grip either side of his head, doing it on an impulse that caused him not to catch my hands before they locked within his curls. I curled my hands through his hair, shaking them all about with the intent to ruffle up and mess up his curls. His hands shot up in return after the initial shock, cupping mine to stopping the action and keeping them where they were in his hair.
"Why bees?" Was a rhetorical question that silently tumbled out of Sherlock's lips. "Lestrade." He turned his head to the lead inspector, who snapped his attention from the body to the squatting detective. "Can you run a background check on any beekeepers in the relative vicinity of the two crime scenes?"
"Killer…" Another whisper had left my mouth, but this one was one of fear, the killer had told us something. Whether it was about the person they killed or the killer themselves. Either way, it was, the risk to do could help us catch them. So why take the time to carve in the words on the man's skin? What was so important that they felt as if they had to do it?
I could feel his hand move from where it rested upon my waist move up, he brushed his hand up my side gently touching everywhere until the hand found its place on the side of my head. I could feel his fingers flexing to bent against the gloves as his fingers more soft soothing circles against my skull
"We're visiting Turner Randall next… Who knows, maybe he'll be it. His name does sound the most serial killer-ish out of the bunch." I mumbled out trying to lighten up the storm cloud that seemed to be constantly hovering over Sherlock's dark curly locks.
"Alright. Yes, we can leave now you pouty baby." I rolled my eyes as he huffed in disapproval at his new nickname. Despite that he had still shoved himself out of the chair, reaching for his coat upon the coat rack. A coat he shouldn't have even taken off in the first as he slid it around his shoulder. I already had my coat on, as I had never taken it off, set down the cup that was in my head, setting it on to coaster getting up to go to Sherlock who was now waiting by the door.
"Bees seems to be a common denominator," I  mumbled out once I had stepped my way over to the crouching Sherlock who was still intensely scanning the corpse.
"Of course." Sherlock's body straightened up from his slouch, his eyes crinkling as a smile plopped on his face. He moved the files from his right hand over to his left so he was able to use his right to grab the edge of the paper,  and unfold the papers. He did with the speed that was as quick as he was willing to risk without risking the possibility of ripping the paper.
"I'm trying to figure out-"
I watched as a big grin found its way onto his face once again. He used his hands to push himself off the couch, his eyes glinting as he walked his way over me, walking over the table like it wasn't even there as he stood right in front of me. With a big grin on his face, he put his hands on my shoulders as he mumbled.
“Oh, you to jus’ trying to set me up aren't ya? Is that how you catch all your criminals by pushing them into the corner and make them confess something that makes them look guilty? Well, I ain’t falling for it no more! I want you all out of my house! I’ve dealt with enough crazy people coming to my beekeeping business this week.” His face was seething by the time he finished as he shoved a harsh point towards the front door, one of which Sherlock was already making his way towards.  I put both hands up to show I meant no harm as I mumbled out a soft,
"I need the records of the bee victim. Where his family lives, criminal records. Anything with possible use." Sherlock's voice was calm but firm as he stared right into Lestrade's eyes, his stance firm and straight, showing he wasn't going to back down until he got what he wants.
"Woah! Sherlock." Lestrade jumped up from his seat slightly before settling back down, removing his hand from his belt where the gun was held. "You can't just barge in like that." Lestrade barked out, doing wild hand gestures before pointing directly at Sherlock before bringing it up to his face to rub his forefinger and thumb in a soothing manner in between his eyes. He sighed once he realized Sherlock wasn't going to speak up, preferring to wait for Lestrade to speak first, mainly to annoy the other detective. "What are you even doing here in the first place? What's so bloody important you have to barge in like this?" He spits out in slight annoyance, his eyes squinted into a slight glare. Sherlock had ignored this as he walked straight up to Lestrade's desk, sticking his hand out in a demanding gesture.
The rest of the car ride, we stayed in this comforting silence of sounds. Holding onto each other like it was the last time we would ever be able to do it. Because it very well could be, we could lose each other in an instant. So we held each other tightly, for we might lose each other, but we wouldn't lose this moment.
The call was strangely silent, Sherlock barely speaking a word throughout the whole conversation. A multitude of expressions had crossed across his face, each one unique and flashing across his face to quick to be able to figure out which one meant. I watched silently, feeling nervous as I pulled on my bottom lip. Sherlock spoke out a soft but firm 'be right there' before hitting the end call button with a sharp beep, ending the call without even looking at the phone.
That's how I got into this scenario, drinking Sherlocks cold tea as he wouldn't allow me to get up in order for me to make a new hot cup of tea. This had been going on for almost three hours, three hours was enough for me to get sick and tired of this behavior, his constant stare upon the ceiling. I had my limits, and I just met mine. I found myself pushing me out of the chair with surprising speed. Lifting my pointer finger out just as quickly to give a sharp point towards Sherlock, as he too shot up into a sitting position, his feet still laid out across the couch.
I saw him lean down, hovering just above the forehead of the man, studying each crevice and bite mark. He was trying desperately to find some sorry for evidence of misconduct, any sort of evidence besides how this man's circumstances of his death, to prove that this man was indeed murdered in cold blood. Once he got to the feet, he stood straight up, his eyes tumbling with questions, one's yet to be answered as he shut the magnifying glass closed with one of the index fingers. He stood still for a minute as if he was contemplating his next move before his eyes turned blank as he decided what to do. He spun on his heels to face the hard face detective, bringing his black-gloved hand from his side, holding it palm facing up. He brings his fingers up and down, a sign for 'give me', as he spoke out what he demanded to have.
"That would explain the words poison carved into the trees." I inquired, keeping my attention on Sherlock as I lifted my hand to be put underneath my chin.
"Now, who appears to have chipped nails, and pink nail polish that appears to be peeling off?" His face pulled into a smile knowing that he had enough evidence to arrest the person in question. "The blonde highlighted brunette in the crowd out there."
Sherlock didn't speak for a while, as if considering this idea as well before taking a deep breath of air before speaking out his thoughts. "It seems unlikely that two murders happen within two days of each other." I nodded my head, waiting for him to continue as he started at the back of the driver's chair like it held all the secrets to the world. "The police department came to the conclusion that these were connected. Lestrade illustrated in brief detail that there was another note on the scene. This time it was hidden within the trees surrounding the body. I believe it's the same guy." He finally turned to look at me, his eyes shining a hint of a sympathetic note, but there was also a hint of excitement twinkling beneath the depths of his baby blue eyes.
“A few years ago, just haven’t hung around enough people to catch the accent I guess.” He mumbled out shrugging his shoulders in a circular motion.
"Oh..." Was all Sherlock breathed out, his eyes had widened a little bit. His facial expression turned blank. He turned his head to face towards me. "Of course." He mumbled out. "Right, we should ask his family and find the location of the people who were part of Maxwell Bull's family."
