John leaned into the kiss for a moment before pulling away abruptly. “That! What we just---kissing! Everything. You can’t be here, you need to leave. Now.”
“I think Anthea could be being framed, now that I think about it. It does seem rather easy, finding evidence against her. First Watson, then her. The system malfunction was sudden and unexplained, but it wasn’t the entire system that stopped working. In the back we have these systems that are temporary set up here, but they stay on a separate grid, and continue working so they can keep our information and files blocked by a firewall so it can’t be hacked into. We have several walls blocking certain files. When the system crashed, they would still be working. There was a recent log in, with her name, but she rarely left your sight.”
The heart monitor to John’s left suddenly beeped with alarm. John tensed, and instinctively clutched at his chest as a stab of pain shot through his body.
I hope I got it fairly accurate and makes sense at the same time. It's trickier than I'd thought.
“John…” Sherlock whispered.
“Where is John!?” Sherlock bellowed. Kim and the others stepped forward, but paused as he continued.
John squirmed on top of him and then leaned away, holding himself upright with his palms and directing his gaze to Sherlock’s hips.
“You have no way of holding it. And you wouldn’t be able to run fast enough from a gun, so it makes sense for you to have it.” Sherlock said as if it were obvious.
Thoughts ran through his mind, trying to find the connection.
“You could.”
“His heart stopped and we’re not sure why. We’re going to send someone in to run an EKG before we can allow you back in. You can wait in the hall, but it’ll be some time before we can let you back in the room. He may have been exposed to the outside air, and we just want to make sure he doesn’t show signs of a virus.”
“Back to MI6. I need you to pull up security footage of Sumatra Road. That’s where the missing compartment went, and where the man went. What time is it?”
Sherlock turned around, raising an eyebrow. He waited as John sounded out the word in his mind.
John swallowed nervously. “It was going to be. But it doesn’t have to be now. I know we’re on a case.”
“What kind of evidence are we looking at?” Sherlock asked.
“When was the last time you saw them?”
John breathed heavily. “You machine! I honestly—I don’t know what I ever saw in you. Sod this. I’m going then. You stay here on your own if you want.”
Red and blue lights flashed around him, and a boat emerged beside the emergency raft. John didn’t acknowledge it. He continued to compress Sherlock’s chest, and refused to give up.
“You think she is being drugged again, probably by the same people.”
“Good?” he said quietly.
John held his gaze within the oceanic currents of the man in front of him, and confessed.
*            *            *
Quietly, John spoke. “Get me out of here, Sherlock. Please.”
“I’ve got it,” John assured. He dressed silently, and then looked around for a moment.
Sherlock furrowed his brows. “You sure?”
John stared taken aback. He didn’t know the detective was listening, or even out of a daze. “Sorry.” He mumbled.
*            *            *
Sherlock looked at him odd but sighed and stretched out his arm. Molly took a sample of his blood with ease, and then re-buttoned his sleeve. He quickly left and then came back with the cup full, and handed it to Molly, looking at John with a frown. Molly started the test, and then they waited.
Sherlock cleared his throat and wiped his face, only to find his cheeks were wet. He wiped his eyes and then turned around, but John’s face told him he knew what he was trying to hide.
Mary typed a few notes and then closed her computer and took the recorder. “I need to file this and back it up on the computer, and hopefully Mycroft would have progress with the warrant. You can go to the infirmary, get your injuries check.”
“Maurice Fletcher has been spotted by near the crime scene! Let’s go, John! We can catch up to him.”
John reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. “I still mean it. I always will.”
John nodded.
John became slightly aware and looked down at the tub, and slowly registered what Sherlock said. He lifted one foot at a time and stepped in. Sherlock pushed him down gently until he was fully sitting, the water rising above his waist. He shivered and hunched his shoulders.
“Mhm?”
Sherlock exhaled sharper and lifted his gaze. “I’ll never leave you.”
leave a comment/question/concern/appraisal :) thanks for sticking to the story so far.
Kingston shrugged. “He kept mentioning it. I thought he was just a nutter.”
Comment/Praise/Ask ~ you never know, I may update it sooner :)
John slotted perfectly between his legs, lining his cock up besides Sherlock’s. The touch sent a shiver sensation down the both of them; Sherlock wrapped his legs around the army doctor but before he could tighten his hold, John leaned back slightly, the lack of touch causing the detective to whimper suddenly.
“Hunt.” The man said.
“John—.” Sherlock finally spoke. “Can you…”
“Just to cool you down. It’s not too high a fever, but it won’t hurt to cool you anyway.”
“Are they the police?”
“It never was easy, this just makes it immobile.”
“You should get tested. Who knows what inhaling that stuff could do.”
“Hello?” He snapped.
John blinked and focused on Sherlock.
Or so he thought.
“Let’s start with Stan,” Moran spoke up.
Sherlock watched John as he prepared them breakfast. By the way John was slightly stiffer and had a very small tremor in his hand when
Lyrics during sex scene is from Kate Havnevik's Grace, which I listened to countless times while writing this and it just seemed to fit and it was the song playing during a sex scene from... you guessed it, Grey's Anatomy. I don't own the lyrics.
He walked to where the phone was lying screen down on the table. He lifted his hand to pick it up, but then paused.
“Were you talking to a hallucination? Like before?” Sherlock persisted, keeping his voice calm and soothing.
“Come on, sir, back to your room,” he said. John squirmed but was manhandled down the hall. He twisted out of the grasp and raised his hands up as he limped down the hall.
“No time,” Sherlock murmured.
“Why am I in here?” John asked again.
John leaned up a bit before he could change his mind, and then raised his right hand and cupped Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock startled, and looked at him, his brows slightly furrowing.
“Good shot,” Sherlock praised, much to his own surprise.
John turned towards the detective, clenching. “I am so sorry—.”
Sven huffed with exhaustion, and without a word, he left. John noticed he didn’t have a gun or weapon on him, and suspected that’s where he was going to retrieve: to put an end to it. John couldn’t help feeling anxious for it; he wasn’t eager on dying, but couldn’t help hoping he’d see Sherlock when the passing was over.
He had planned to pretend to work on an experiment to look like he was busy when John came up. That way he could look intent at something, and still dance, or as much as he could. What the attention would no doubt go to, was the tight purple shirt and tight black trousers, just slightly too tight over his backside. He was sure John would stop in his tracks, eye his dancing, then come swooping in and kiss him. Sherlock had never been more confident. However, Sherlock had underestimated his music choice…
“John—.”
“Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it.” John grinned tiredly, and leaned into the chair. Greg nodded and then left, sliding the curtain to give them some privacy.
Sherlock blanketed his face with his emotionless mask and turned towards John. “You what?” he tempted dangerously.
Sherlock inhaled deeply, and then spoke.
Gaining composure after a few more minutes, Sherlock grabbed John’s discarded jacket and hurried out the door. He had seen John heading down the street, but not towards their flat. He turned a couple of corners and soon found sight of John, hunched over and hurling in an alleyway.
Sherlock parted his lips and arched up to the contact, running his hands down John’s sides and resting them on his hips. John moaned and pulled away far enough to kiss along Sherlock’s cheek, trailing down his jaw and to his neck. He sucked on the pulse point, and cradled Sherlock’s neck with his hand, holding him gently in place. Sherlock moaned and absentmindedly toyed with the necklace around John’s neck.
Mandy took the belt off of him and set the crutches against the wall next to his bed.
“Alright then, lets put another sock on. That may help.”
“Will you go to the shop soon?”
His tone was off, and he began pacing in front of John’s bed, avoiding John’s eyes. John kept looking at Sherlock.
John looked away from her and glanced the Sherlock, anger flashing in his eyes. He shook his head and looked back at Rosie.
“Don’t touch me!” John gasped.
“Can you access any from the outside?”
Once he was alone, Sherlock looked at him, but didn’t recognize him or say anything. John looked at him for a moment longer, and then sighed.
Moran shrugged. “I guess not.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock lied. He could get Molly to do it.
“I’ll bandage you up and give you some cleaner clothes. Do scrubs sound all right?
John hesitated, but then left.
Sherlock sat down next to John, closer to the engine. He started it by pulling the ripcord, and then swiftly left the dock. He picked up their speed, and followed the only boat ahead of them on the river.
John inhaled sharply and shifted his balance against the doorframe. He dropped his gaze for a moment and nodded.
The doors buckled forward and already were catching fire as they collapsed sideways. John sprinted away.
Moriarty grimaced. “You’re starting to become ordinary. Such a shame. I was just beginning to have fun with you.”
“You’re thinking too much into it. What did he say, anyway?”
John swam away from the wreckage and headed towards the hole. He squeezed through it easily and finally swam out of the boat. He looked around for Sherlock, but didn’t see him anywhere. The other side of the boat was caved in more than the other side, and the hole that Sherlock presumably went through was blocked.
Sherlock sighed loudly and turned to his other side, showing his back to John. How could such a lanky man could curl up in a tiny spot and be comfortable?
“John—,” Sherlock started, but John saw Victor press his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and started to lead him out. Sherlock didn’t protest.
“I’ll get through it. Just…get everything you need as fast as possible.”
The room stilled and Mary looked up. “Sorry?” Her face fell with honest confusion.
“You asked about Victor. And I told you that we hade met in university. You recalled that I had said I was married to my work, and you asked why it changed. You seemed…”
Victor walked in closer. “You’re shivering slightly. I can close the window?”
Mycroft nodded. “The mask was logged in as evidence. There’s Stan’s DNA all over it.”
*            *            *
“…Thanks.” John said without moving his gaze.
~~~~~~~~~~~
John awoke the next morning, feeling numb. He glanced at the clock and was stunned to see it was almost noon. He hadn’t woken up during the night once, not from pain or even a nightmare. John focused on himself and could feel his shoulder ache, but it wasn’t as it had been the past few weeks.
“This really isn’t the right time, but I guess it won’t ever be, so…” John lowered his gaze for a moment and then looked at Sherlock with a wave of honest trust and love.
John hesitated before composing himself into doctor mode and then began undressing Sherlock. He placed his spoiled clothes in a pile and then hurriedly rushed into Sherlock’s room for some clean ones. Once back, John took Sherlock’s pants off and then gently guided him into the tub. Sherlock slouched against the back and was in a daze as John washed him. He lost track of time as he washed the man’s back, pushing him forward slightly so he could reach. Sherlock’s marble skin appeared even more beautiful up close. Layered with imperfections, John resisted the urge to caress every inch of the magnificent layer that embodied Sherlock Holmes.
John shook his head, just as the door opened. John glanced up weakly and saw Sherlock step in.
“You’ll have the prosthetic, though.”
Sherlock picked up his speed, when his phone suddenly rang.
“How do you know that?” Lestrade asked as he led the way to the building across the street.
with you.” John let go of the coat and stepped back haggardly.
“Why’d you do that?”
Sherlock stilled and looked over John’s shoulder. John turned around, and saw a man staring at them.
John crossed his arms over his chest. “So you don’t need me, er, a flatmate, anymore?” he suggested, his voice softer.
Sherlock stood in front of them and observed each one. The one of the far left was wearing a white tank, the second wearing the exact jumper John had been wearing, and the third was wearing an oatmeal jumper—the one John had been wearing when he escaped the warrant. It was the exact one; Sherlock would know it anywhere. The other two were wearing similar striped jumpers, but still different.
“I’m close,” John breathed. “I—.”
Sherlock stood up swiftly to greet her, but stopped abruptly as John gasped behind him. He looked from the client to John, and found his blogger and the woman exchanging revealing looks: she was looking at him like she had beaten him at something, her eyes glimmering with triumph. John glared at her with a variety of emotions: annoyance, then acceptance, and even a tab bit of anger. He flickered his gaze to Sherlock, expressing a neutral look, though a tad apologetic. John stood up straight and glared at the woman.
“I can play again if you have trouble sleeping.”
John stared at him for a moment, as if evaluating his options. He straightened his posture and gave the detective a nod, and prepared his things by the bedside. Despite Sherlock’s statement, John conveniently stayed on one side, leaving room for Sherlock just in case. However, Sherlock could tell the man went to bed a little tense.
Sherlock realized and pondered for a moment.
“Are you sure, John?” Sherlock asked hesitantly.
Abruptly, John found himself falling out of Sherlock’s lap and landing hard on the floor. Sherlock ran off into the kitchen, and then John heard him vomit into the sink. John cringed at himself and stiffly lifted himself into Sherlock’s chair. He took in deep breaths in order to calm himself down, and sort of managed to by the time Sherlock came back to the living room, stumbling slightly and looking peaky.
“I can’t believe David was the one. I mean he seemed so…” John looked up for a moment, thinking of the right word. “Ordinary.” He concluded softly and met Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock smirked and looked back into his microscope.
John huffed and shook his head. He tried to move his left hand, but it felt heavy and wouldn’t move, due to the atrophied muscles, but John illogically jumped to a conclusion, and panicked. He tried to move his tongue against his mouth, attempting to express what he wanted to say—he just wanted to get out of here for a moment—but Sherlock and Victor continued to push him back against the bed.
Sherlock hovered by the wall while another nurse began stripping the detective of his sodden jacket, speaking to him but not receiving a response.
“I know it can’t happen!” Sherlock snapped. He stilled, collected himself, and then flickered his gaze at John for a second before looking away. “I want to know…” he whispered.
Day 5
*            *            *
John tapped the armrest of the chair. It was comfier than the plastic one he had sat in before. He was in the same room though, as he was every other day, sitting in front of Dr. Smith, not talking.
The door barged open, a whirl of a coatless detective came thundering in, desperation and determination piercing the serene veil of the room with his sharp turns and gazes.
“Shouldn’t we wait for Lestrade?”
not see that?”
Harry’s eyes widened slightly. “Did you see him?”
John barely had time to put his jacket on before he had to chase after Sherlock. They took a cab to the outskirts of the city, and then were on their own, going through narrow allies and abandoned buildings, just as the sun was setting in the horizon.
John shifted until he was completely facing him. “You’re not sleeping on that couch, you’ll strain whatever muscles you do have.” His tone was harsh, but gently honest at the same time. “You’ll sleep in a proper bed. If I have to carry you every night and morning, than I will. Besides, if you want me to call Mycroft to rearrange our situation, I will.”
John liked to think he’d do the same if it was Sherlock, and he was sure Sherlock wouldn’t blame him. But
Sherlock straightened up and looked at Victor. Victor met his gaze.
John grinned softly. “I thought you were married to your work.”
Sherlock rushed through the hospital doors of the surgical wing and bee-lined to the front desk. “I need to see Dr. John Watson, now.” He said, with a slight attempt to appear and sound calm.
Sherlock had immediately jumped to his feet, and was now pacing around the roof, muttering to himself, and unaware of John’s state.
The man ignored the other.
He carefully climbed in and placed John in his lap as the car drove away. Sherlock became startling worried when John didn’t wake up at all on the way to the hospital.
“Mhm,” John sighed. “Entertain me?” he asked lightly.
“Shut—.”
“Just gave Moran the confirmation to do whatever he likes to John. It’s clearly false, but it won’t be realized into tomorrow, and I’ll be long gone.”
He walked down the hall, but came to a sudden halt, when he saw a group of nurses rushing into John’s room. Sherlock continued walking and quickly picked up his pace. He made it to the doorway and came to another halt. There was a nurse near John’s head, squeezing oxygen through a tube in his mouth. She was shouting orders to Vanessa, who was on the side, and Victor was standing tall by his side, pressing his palms on John’s chest.
“Then what is it?” he asked in a clipped tone.
Mycroft furrowed his eyebrows. “And you’re making that decision for him.”
John shifted beside him and picked up a plastic cup. Sherlock heard him pour water, and then add a straw before putting it near Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock kept his mouth closed and didn’t acknowledge him.
He lay down under the covers, and started to drift off, welcoming sleep without protest, when the door opened.
,” Sherlock stated. “You can tell my brother to—.”
“I’m simply surrendering. I did what you asked, so let John escape without trouble, and you get me.”
“Molly, I was just about to find you—.”
“Well then, I think I’ll be going to bed. I can carry you up, but you don’t have to go to sleep right away.”
“What is it?”
John sighed, however it wasn’t his normal aggravated sigh, but a different one, one that was nearly pitiful and sent disgust in Sherlock’s throat.
“Well that’s more believable. John Watson’s not known to run from trouble. Maybe he didn’t leave on his own.”
Sherlock swiftly got dress, and then glanced around his bedroom. There was no note, but John’s jeans and oatmeal jumper that had been tossed aside a couple of nights ago were gone, meaning he left in a hurry, and out of the window.
“Come here.”
“Can you trace to where it came from?”
“I…thank you,” he said hesitantly. He glanced up and saw a small grin forming on John’s face.
The heart monitors alarmed and John was in v-fib again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock thought.
John nodded. “Er, g-good. Just usual pain, I think.”
Without a word, he raced out of the morgue and ran up the five flights of stairs to the intensive care unit. He yelled for people to get out of the way as he sped down the hall, colliding into people but not caring about any of them. He came to a halt in front of John’s room, and watched in alarm.
“Why don’t we save him for last, shall we?” Moran suggested. Sherlock didn’t like the sound of that, but nodded. Moran pointed to the man on the far right, also wearing a striped jumper, but it was different. Sherlock looked over him, and relaxed slightly.
“We haven’t been able to get the antibiotic fully completed. It may take longer—.”
“Blimey, don’t you ever answer you’re phone?”
“John, running won’t make it better,” Sherlock urged.
*            *            *
“And I’d never doubt you. I did have some in the past day, but I don’t think I would have ever believed it in the long run.”
John gulped tightly and placed the book back.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the A&E, the detective and his blogger were placed in a corner bed, fortunately surrounded by empty ones. John was currently asleep as the doctor spoke with Sherlock.
“We’re sorry sir, we can’t do anything. He signed a DNR.” The nurse informed the helpless detective gently. The heart monitor suddenly went into one monotonous beep and the heart rate flat lined. Sherlock hopped off the bed and looked down upon his friend. He began applying compressions to John’s chest and after a set number of heartbeats, Sherlock breathed into John’s mouth to give him the breath of life.
“Don’t be dependent on
The detective’s head shot up as he looked over the man in the bed. “John?”
“You’re not very observant.”
here for you—.”
“What makes you think that’s what I’m here for?” John directed at the detective. Sherlock discarded the slide and stood up swiftly.
Mycroft helped pull John out of the water and wrapped the coat around him to start to warm him back up. Sherlock pulled himself out and immediately crawled to John’s side.
“Shh,” Sherlock murmured against his skin. “I want this to last.”
“Have you been able to find him?”
The doctors lifted John back into his bed, and then placed an oxygen mask over his mouth. They stayed there for several more minutes, before leaving and reclosing the seal.
The doctor nodded. “Right, well we’ll need to run a CAT scan to make sure there isn’t anything internal that we may have missed. And I sent his blood to the lab for testing, just a procedure. If anything unusual pops up, we’ll contact you. You can take him home in a few hours; we just want to make sure he wakes up. We’ll do the CAT scan as soon as possible.”
John shook his head.
“The case—,” John started.
“The graveyard.”
“Oh fuck yes, Sherlock, oh, you’re amazing,” John moaned as he pressed against Sherlock’s shoulder blades as he pounded into him.
He heard Sherlock hover by the table, and then moving the food items around. He heard one of them being opened, and then chewing. Confused, John turned towards him to see Sherlock eating one of his fruit cups.
“You’re warm—.”
“I was that good, then?” Sherlock slowly started to smirk. John grinned and kissed him once more.
“I lost everything, too.”
John bounced her slightly and with one hand, gathered the shaving kit from the bathroom, placed that under his arm, and then held a small bowl of water. He set Rosie back down on the bed, and she went back to her toy as if she’d never been bothered. John stepped closer to Sherlock, moved his bed back slightly, tilted his head, and began to shave Sherlock’s face carefully.
Sherlock redirected his gaze downward, and rubbed his shoulder he had fallen on. It was the one he had injured in the fall, and still felt strained whenever he moved it a certain way. Whatever John saw on his face must have stopped him from finishing what he had been saying, and he silently helped him into clean pajamas and a new hospital gown.
“But not for too long,” John countered. “I-I c-can’t lose him…. We—we n-need other—
The following week after the confrontation with Moriarty didn’t go by as easily. John had a nightmare at least every other day, but Sherlock was able to calm him down by playing his violin. He never went up there again; it wasn’t because he didn’t want to, but he knew somehow that that was crossing a line. John had been appearing rather distant throughout the week though; his phone ringing more often than usual, though by the look of his face, Sherlock deduced it was a relative he didn’t want to talk to, most likely (probably) Harry.
Abruptly, John stilled. Unreasonable fear lingered down Sherlock’s spine as he pulled back and looked at John, his heart pounding in his ears. John’s eyes were unfocused as his arms slowly dropped from Sherlock’s torso to his sides.
[A few days after the encounter in the graveyard.]
“Stop talking.” John muttered.
“I can explain later. Let’s get you home.”
Sherlock looked at him with a furrowed brow. He slowly started to move his hand, but John shook his head, and slowly started to grin.
“I’m sorry…” John began lamely. “I don’t know—.”
?Just
“I think I know how you feel, Sherlock. But I want you to know it’s okay to leave and solve the case. I’ll be fine. You must be bored—.”
Sherlock gulped but didn’t move his gaze. John sighed and repeated himself. “Look at me Sherlock.”
The two men rode the waves of pleasure, and slowly started to catch their breath; John placed soft kisses along Sherlock brow, his hand coming up to stroke his neck. Sherlock placed his hand on John, squeezing it as he muttered against his cheek.
“He wanted me to,” Kingston said shakily.
“Sherlock?”
Mycroft sighed. “My people have picked up on something that suggests a rat has made it’s way into MI6, and is either exchanging information for both sides or working entirely on behalf of the terrorist group.”
“The aphasia should only be temporary,” John found himself saying, out of all things he could have said.
“Um, he just went into surgery. He will be done in about five to seven hours, maybe longer, depending on how things go.”
“Sher-l-oh…” John paused, and sounded out the name again in his head.
“Do you want to look at it? The ring?”
“It’s just…this morning, it scared me up a bit,” John confessed. Sherlock softened his face and stepped closer.
John reached forward and took the detective’s hand. “No Sherlock I’m not. Don’t worry. I’m not…” John grinned.
John’s eyes fluttered close as he said: “Sherlock”.
Sherlock face twitched slightly and he nodded, but didn’t say anything.
John swallowed tightly. “What’s on my face, Sher-lock?
Victor sighed. “Those are two different things. He told me the same thing about you. He’s warming up to us, and wants you to be happy, no matter who you are with, but
Victor paused, and looked at the monitor as he pressed his fingers on John’s carotid artery. Sherlock blinked, and followed his gaze to the heart monitor. There was a single beat, and then another.
John started at him oddly and flickered his eyes to Sherlock. Sherlock was hovering but not touching. John raised his right hand and reached out, but he didn’t take it.
Warmth slowly surrounded John around his waist.
“That’ll be nice,” John muttered.
John nodded stiffly.
“John…”
“Does she dye her hair?”
“Yes, I know,” John gently said. “But no harm came of it. We don’t know if the murderer, Dashwood presumably, has been drugging others, but we can get that information from Canterbury.”
“Or what?” Sherlock provoked.
“I’m fine.” Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips to their conjoined hands. John lifted his hand and ran it through Sherlock’s curls, trialing it down and caressing his cheek.
Praise—that was a first. His words sent arousal through Sherlock’s body, and he suddenly felt the need for more.
“Sherlock what—.”
*            *            *
John cleared his throat awkwardly and shifted back away. He fidgeted in place and stammered away from the bed, eventually making it to the door. Once reached, he hesitantly glanced back at Sherlock and found the detective unmoved apart from his furrowed eyebrows, appearing to be in concentration over what just happened. Without another word, John left the room, with only a slight hurry in his pace.
“Sherlock, what are—”
Sherlock stared at her and stuttered.
Sherlock softened his face. “Of course I want you to join me, but you just—,”
*            *            *
“Nope!” Silken pranced a few steps back. “Guess again.”
“You should be careful who you trust, Moran,” Jack said gravely. Moran widened his eyes and then glared at him with narrowed eyes.
“How can you be so sure?”
“I pinned you down in my sleep, and you panicked.
John buried his face against Sherlock’s neck, pressing wet kisses along his jaw. “Huh uh…the way you like you huh?” He teased.
“All right then.” Willoughby wrote a few more things, and then looked up at Sherlock.
His left leg was looser and with enough strength, John thought the debris wouldn’t have to be moved that much to free it. But his right leg was pinned; the debris was pushed hard against his skin and below the knee—again. John nearly rolled his eyes at the déjà-vu.
Sherlock inhaled slowly. “It might work. But it might not.”
John trembled slightly and his foot ached. He was balancing for both of them, since Sherlock was lower than he was and barely holding him completely upright. Since the moment was heartfelt, he didn’t want to ruin it. So John reached for the nozzle and turned it to warm up the water.
“Stop saying that! You never repeat yourself, so why are you repeating yourself now?”
“You will?”
“No! No…Sherlock, don’t compare yourself to it! It nearly destroyed me, seeing an apparition of you, walking beside me, talking and responding to me, kissing me—.” John exhaled sharply. “It almost killed me. It would’ve if I hadn’t fought it. It fooled me in the beginning, it has manipulated me but not like the way you have. It was cruel in the beginning. And now…it’s ambiguous; it appears whenever it wants, and medically, it’s just a piece of my memories warped into something that’s not…real. It claims it’s here for me, but I know truly that you’re here for me. You’re the real Sherlock, you’re the one I love.”
“I’m fine—I said I’m fine, dammit!” John snapped. Sherlock’s hands dropped and he took a step back. John dropped his head and looked at the ground with his palms in mid action with pulling himself up. He breathed slowly through his nose and exhaled just as slowly out his mouth. He repeated a few more times, and then slowly looked up to meet Sherlock’s gaze. Instead of seeing a pout, or even a glare, Sherlock was looking at him with apologetic sympathy, and his lip was minutely trembling. John hardened his face and shook his head as he looked away.
Sherlock’s lip trembled and he pressed closer to the plastic.
“You were quite convincing,” Sherlock praised her calmly. “I never saw it coming.”
“Bauer?” Sherlock said impassively.
He looked down and stared at the handcuffs, attaching him to the desk chair. His affection and arousal were drowned by sudden irritation and disbelief.
Sherlock was reflected, his grey eyes staring back at John. The doctor whipped around but found himself face to face with nothing. No one was there. With a slow intake of air, John turned back around and finished his routine. He left for work in a hurry.
John blinked and looked at him. “What makes you say that?”
Sherlock faintly caught his breath, and met Victor’s eyes for only a moment, catching a look of realization and understanding. Victor broke their gaze first, and focused on John, pressing the compressions with careful counts under his breath.
“He what?”
“Maurice Fletcher. He had been fired as a pathologist just a few months ago, and all of his victims were colleagues of his. He’s really an idiot, for doing that. If that attacks had been more random, it would have much more thrilling—”
John sighed again and pulled out his phone, deciding to call anyway. It was worth a try.
“How am I supposed to sleep with you watching me?” John asked after a moment.
*            *            *
John shook his head rapidly. He couldn’t remember his dreams; he couldn’t even remember why he was in this locked room.
“I am calm!” Sherlock snapped. He was sitting in an ambulance, still at the scene. It had been only an hour since John was taken, and the SUV vanished from sight. Mycroft’s men were going over CCTV cameras for any sightings.
John thought for a moment, and then shook his head.
Sherlock breathed out deeply and nodded. “Open it.”
“I can suture that for you.” he offered with another apologetic smile.
“I’ll let Lestrade know about this—it’s not much really…”
John nodded, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“So are you going to…” Sherlock trailed off this time, unsure how to phrase his question. When he couldn’t finish it, he reframed it. “What are you going to do?” he asked, hoping it was clear what he was asking about.
“We’re ready to sedate him,” Robbins whispered.
John didn’t respond.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and focused on the man.
Sherlock furrowed his brows. “When—.”
“What is, Sherlock?”
“SOMEONE DO SOMETHING!” He yelled.
Before John could finish his question, footsteps entered the room, and the two looked in that direction.
He could feel Sherlock grin against his skin, and he sat up slightly and leaned against his elbows to look down at Sherlock. Sherlock tilted his head up and met his gaze with a small smirk.
Mycroft nodded. “That’s what I thought. But the evidence is very clear of whom it’s suggesting, and it’s all very strong.”
John opened his eyes, his heart still pounding in his ears, waiting for the incoming explosion. But it hadn’t happened. John blinked in his surroundings and looked over Sherlock’s shoulder. The train car was still intact; the doppelganger was still unconscious in the corner.
Sherlock’s eyes watered; he shook himself out of it. No tears, he told himself.
“Everything alright?”
Sherlock didn’t question John as he was led out of the office and placed in a taxi, which was even more unnerving. Whatever was going on in his head, it seemed he didn’t know what to think of the information he was seeing. John stared out of the window, clenching his fist on his knee during the whole ride.
Sherlock wheeled towards him. “Now what?”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and lowered his head. After a few seconds, he looked up and met John’s gaze.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Thank you.”
“You want to share your bee with Sherlock? Alright, you can sit right here.” John placed Rosie on the bed, near Sherlock’s hand and placed the toy on both of their hands. Rosie held herself up and played with the toy, seemingly unaware of Sherlock’s unresponsiveness.
“Mary?” John’s voice hitched slightly. He cleared his throat to get himself together. “What is it?”
John sighed with defeat but still shook his head. “I don’t—”
John clenched his fists and squeezed his eyes shut. “Shut up!” he snapped.
“Let me see.” Mycroft bent over the computer and began typing in various codes and going through different logins. He typed in his code, but it was declined. Mycroft huffed with surprise and aggravation, and tried again. Denied.
Sherlock paced around in his room, his fingers brought up under his chin. So far, he could tell that the couple currently in his sitting room arguing had been separated when he and John first met, and most likely had been for a long time. The thought that he was just revenge, or just a literal sense of
Mary had miscarried the baby a few months before, and though both had been devastated, it was soon revealed John hadn’t even been the father. It had been David’s, who had even felt to blame John. Out of grief, John had practically thrown him out when he had come back to see Mary. But much to Sherlock’s dismay, John had stayed with her, claiming that after losing a baby even if it turned out not to be yours, it was normal to grieve. Sherlock hadn’t asked too much about John’s reasoning with staying with Mary; it would have been a not good questioning their grief. It vaguely reminded him of their first case together, which further kept him quiet.
*            *            *
“Fine,” Sherlock sighed and paused. “Moran escaped.”
Sherlock exited the room and walked past Regina, and followed Molly to the morgue. She spoke along the way, but he didn’t hear completely what she was saying, as something was starting to feel off.
“Oh please, a villain doesn’t reveal his plans, not until the very end, right when you’re on the edge,” he whispered the last few words maliciously with his singsong voice. “Besides, that’s the final problem. Our problem.”
“Besides, you could have an injury too yet you immediately move to check anybody else before yourself.” Sherlock remarked.
Sherlock looked and blinked rapidly. He stared into John’s eyes for several seconds, mesmerized by the green ocean against a stormy blue sky.
Sherlock nodded, but then quickly looked away, his throat suddenly constricting. His eyes began to sting and he inhaled deeply, but then sighed shakily.
Finally, Sherlock straightened up. “Do you have paracetamols?”
hope you enjoyed and stay tuned :)
“I’ll get someone to record your statement,” Sherlock started to turn around, but John caught his arm and gently held him in place.
*            *            *
John inhaled sharply to catch his breath, and swayed on his feet slightly. Sherlock stared at him, gaping for only a second, before relaxing. He climbed back into be and pulled the covers over his chest, keeping his gaze lowered. John followed suit, not caring about the sheets as he climbed onto it and lay against Sherlock’s side. He turned on his side and rested his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock leaned against him and rested his head against John’s.
“He should be taking it easy,” Vanessa said louder. “He just had surgery.”
“It could be important.”
“Apparently you don’t mean that much to him. Before you showed up, he had said some things.” Moran smirked. “Do you want me to break it to you or him?”
Sherlock nodded back and then turned on his heel and disappeared down the stairs.
“Mhm?”
John furrowed his brows. “Do you know who he is?”
John’s chest tightened and he let out a shaky heave. More tears fell down his cheeks, streaking through the sweat. He continued to cry as he promised himself, that not matter what kind of dreams he were to have, Sherlock wouldn’t find out, and he wouldn’t share his unconscious blame.
“I have a case,” Sherlock said.
John looked up at him, took his hand, and stood up.
Finally, he reached the ramp leading up to the dock. The detective cradled his blogger and carried him to the top. John became more aware now; he squirmed in Sherlock’s hold and then was gently laid down.
“Well of course. The tumor was a blessing. Once the symptoms became obvious, I was put into place as his surgeon and it all just played out splendidly. We’d know you’d be back eventually, sooner than we expected though. But nonetheless, you were back and thus, Moran was able to watch the both of you.”
“Of course I do.”
“John!” Sherlock raised his voice, hoping to arouse John, but the man didn’t stir. Sherlock bit his lip and looked around, trying to think of what he could do. He couldn’t carry the man to the sofa, nor move him at all.
John nodded in comprehending, but his face was conflicted with something. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows.
John stared at him for a moment, and then a very light grin tugged at his lips, though he kept it from fully forming. His eyes glistened in the low lighting of the hallway, darkening the blue color of his irises. “All right. We won’t go any further than friendship, assuming you wouldn’t mind having a friend. I may be…ordinary, but you’re definitely not a sociopath.”
John blinked, but the image wouldn’t go away. He clenched his fists and started to turn around to leave the room, when he paused. He looked back; the image was still there, solid yet not in arms reach. John turned on his heel and sped out the room. He knew he shouldn’t go outside in his state; what people would think would only lengthen his stay and make it difficult, but John was sure he saw Sherlock.
John lied down slowly as Sherlock left. His cheeks burned with embarrassment, but he felt too cold and tried to curl up in the sweaty sheets. His arm radiated in pain; he tossed onto his side only for the pain to flare up. Cursing, John sat up and attempted to rearrange the pillows in a more comfortable position. His vision blurred; he paused. Quickly, his mouth began to salivate and he scurried out of the twisted sheets and stormed through the bathroom door, hurling himself into the counter and retching into the sink.
“I love you, John.”
John thought, and then it hit him.
John froze for a moment and then looked at him. “We had reservations at Angelo’s, but I guess I could just reschedule them.”
Sherlock and John walked in and introduced themselves to Lucy.
“We’re doing all we can—.”
“No this isn’t…it’s not you—you were dead—you were…” John stuttered before the familiarity sparked a reasonable explanation. He cleared his throat before going on, his eyes locked into Sherlock’s piercing gaze and his hand slowly drifting away from the other.
“Get in the car now!”
John flinched awake and glanced up to Sherlock. Taking in his appearance, he quickly stood up and straightened himself out, albeit his yesterday clothes remained wrinkled.
John laughed and began to speak, only to have his lips sealed by Sherlock’s. John sighed against him and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling themselves close and pressing their chests against each other. The cool air shivered John’s exposed skin, but the warmth that trailed down his from his lips to his neck, and then waist and groin, was worth the contrast.
“Mr. Shillcott works on the Tube, on the District Line,” Sherlock answered her. He looked back to Shillcott. “I need surveillance footage, the one you called about.”
Sherlock stared at his brother, and with only a brief nod, he turned on his heel and slipped away from sight.
“I’m sorry John.” Sherlock rasped through his rugged voice. “Please don’t leave. Please don’t leave me.”
“I thought you’d be sleeping,” Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock nodded solemnly. “I’m not even…completely sure, Victor. About how he feels. It’s just…he’s clearly bothered by this, and I want him to be happy.”
Sherlock stared at him. “Is that why you brought me here, to—?”
“Er, Cinderella—.”
The door below opened and closed, and sluggish footsteps made their way up the stairs. John stood up and faced the doorway, holding his breath.
He entered the sitting room and turned on the light just as Sherlock entered from the stairs. His hair was disheveled, his face was pink, and he was also out of breath.
The man chuckled softly. “We could do this again—.”
“Well, I like to think you’ll take care of me, no matter how endlessly exhausting,” John pointed out lightly.
“How’s your hand?”
John didn’t let go of his hand, and rubbed it gently with his thumb. “Do you remember anything? Just nod your head if you do.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He hissed, flinching again, this time as the paramedic finished tapping the gauze to his cheek. “Did it ever cross your brilliant mind that I would want to know that a man is still out there trying to kill me?”
Sherlock nodded and opened up the box. Inside was a gold band, lined with silver. He picked it up and examined closely, and then placed it on his finger. It fit perfectly. He grinned widely and looked at John, who was looking at him, his eyes glistening.
Sherlock clutched at John’s shirt as he body shuddered, and he lost track of time. By the time John picked him up and carried him back to the house, the sun was setting, radiating the sky with golden orange light surrounding them.
“But your father wasn’t there. Nor your sister. They were back in the states, working for the man himself. Yes your father is Sebastian Moran, which makes Kim your sister. Isn’t this a good day for a family reunion. But oh wait! Your husband’s currently in lockup wanted for small things, terrorism, and treason…quite the deal breakers. Now, you were only included in when things got a bit sketchy in Kandahar in 2004. On once again, April 2
John nodded once. “Please—.” His voice broke and he swallowed. “Earlier I…felt like I was losing myself. I knew you were there but I couldn’t see past it…”
“Steady,” Sherlock murmured.
John smiled. “Yes. When y-you c-come back, you can tell…me all about it.”
John’s bloody head shimmered in the moonlight; a faint red stain was trailed in the water behind them, no doubt mostly John’s. The detective was in too much shock to pay attention to any of his own wounds, but he knew once the shock wore off, they’d strike him in an instant.
Sherlock snuggled closer to him, tightening the blanket around is chest and burrowing the side of his face against John’s chest. They were leaning against Sherlock’s chair, with their legs outstretched in front of them, closer to the fire.
Sherlock turned around. Sally bagged something and handed it over. “Looks like a diamond.”
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
The footsteps grew farther and farther; Sherlock recalled on the moments leading up to this. He hadn’t counted on Moran using just claims as an emotional weapon. It was childish and only what a fool would do. Sherlock was sure John didn’t have any doubts, but when it appeared Moran wasn’t going to stop, Sherlock was left with nothing to do but admit the lies. He hoped John would back away and let whatever happens happen, but he hadn’t been counting on John’s persistence in his feelings for the detective. He just wouldn’t accept the possibility of it all.
“Why Liev Kingston?”
Sherlock’s brows furrowed. “Sorry?”
John smiled. “That’ll be nice.”
John thought, suddenly overcome with annoyance. He took another step forward, and then his left leg started to tingle. Pain shot through his leg, so he altered his weight, and leaned on his right, furrowing his eyebrows. However, John overestimated his right leg, and it trembled suddenly. He lost his balance on the aids, and fell onto his side, landing heavily on the floor.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered downward and raised an eyebrow. John blushed slightly. “Not those kinds of orders.”
John let out a heavy sigh, and attempted to turn his head towards Sherlock, only to stop suddenly and groan.
“Yeah, um, did he tell you what it was?”
John lifted his feet up to make room for Sherlock as he crawled under him and looked under his chair. John sighed inwardly and placed his feet back on the ground as Sherlock hurried to the fireplace and began rummaging through the various nooks and crannies.
“How did you—er, find out? I mean, a brain tumor’s kinda rare? Did you recognize the symptoms or something?” Harry asked.
difficult, a smart arse, and I love you because of that. I love you for who you are Sherlock. If that makes me an idiot then so be it.”
But it only got worse. John had been overcome by infection, heat exhaustion, and fever for several days, his temperature spiking twice and having to have his body cooled down with a sponge, and then again in a lukewarm bath that sent him cursing anyone who had been touching him. But John barely remembered that. He did remember however, being alone after that, being discharged from the army, and then returning to London, lonelier and in pain than ever before.
Mary notified her whenever she had updates about the system through the phone, which Anthea informed Sherlock whilst keeping her focus on her precious device. Sherlock was glad she and Mary weren’t getting in the way.
Now, John collapsed to the ground, and for a few seconds, he saw the Afghanistan sun above him again—like before. He could hear shouting, both familiar and entirely new. He caught the sound of his voice, but it was incredibly distant that he wasn’t sure where it came from. The pain in his shoulder increased by the second, blurring his vision with the threat of unconsciousness, and with unshed tears of the overwhelming want to succumb to it right there and then.
“Great, thank you Sarah.”
Dr. Robbins quickly entered the room stooped just by the plastic wall.
Sherlock remained silent and then slowly rested his head against John’s shoulder, snuggling his nose in John’s neck. John tilted his head back and pressed his lips against the man’s temple, lingering for a moment.
“I’m Dr. Bailey. Now, this is just protocol, and I understand you haven’t relearned how to speak yet…”
“Surgery is always a risk. However, because of your current symptoms, seizures and hallucinations, over time it is very likely that they will worsen. I am available this week, if you were to chose surgery, the sooner the better.”
“How do you think your friend is doing? I understand he’s the only one visiting you.”
Day 29
“And you are?” He asked as if it didn’t even matter.
Sherlock avoided his eyes and swiftly removed his coat and draped it around John’s shoulders. John kept his gaze steady and stern as he allowed the detective’s kindhearted act to take place.
Sherlock tightened his grip. “He did John. He’s right here.”
“Jesus—Sherlock,” John rasped. “You can confront Moran later, once he’s arrested. We need to let Mycroft know we’re here.
Sherlock straightened up and continued. “You fell on your side; your left arm was broken in several places and your left thigh was fractured. You fractured a few ribs, had a punctured lung, and a ruptured spleen. And, there were some glass shards piercing your body; most needed stitches and some have scared, like on your arms. You also sustained trauma to your head, and needed brain surgery.”
Sherlock bellowed for help as he clawed at the barrier. There was an opening somewhere; he just had to find it—.
“It’s not John,” Sherlock said quietly.
Sherlock’s furrowed his brows, forming his face with attempted seriousness. “Now why would you say that? Nothing is wrong, and nothing like that would be our concern for a few decades at least.”
“And then?”
“I want you on your front,” John whispered against Sherlock’s ribs. Sherlock shifted away from John’s touch, missing it immediately. The second he was on his stomach, he felt John’s hands sliding down his sides and then gripping his trousers, pulling them swiftly off, and then took his pants off without a pause
“All right, I’ll take you home. But I’m going to be watching you like a hawk.”
Sherlock looked at him, his expression completely conflicted. “Hasn’t it been long enough?”
John grinned weakly. He raised his hand and overlapped Sherlock’s that was cupping his own cheek. Sherlock leaned in and closed the small space between their lips with a shy kiss. John leaned into it, moving just a bit back and forth for a slight rhythm. The kiss turned passionate and the pair kissed each other for a few more seconds before John backed away slightly.
other than that, Please comment, it makes my day and encourages me to keep writing.
John came up to him and placed a cup of tea in Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock absentmindedly took a sip, but suddenly his thoughts cut short and he spluttered the liquid out.
Sherlock shrugged and headed to his violin. If John wanted to pretend everything was okay now, then he had no problem going along with him. It was going to be simple.
John shrugged. “It’s bound to happen again.”
Mycroft raised his eyebrows, clearly surprised. “I don’t mean to offend, Sherlock.” He paused. “I best be going.”
He remained silent for several moments, his eyes flickering. It was clear to Sherlock he was thinking of something that would prove he’s the real John, but couldn’t think of something right away. Sherlock relaxed his shoulders, but Mary remained tense beside him.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Sherlock spat as he spun around and wheeled quickly to the backdoor. He wheeled down the ramp John had hastily made a few days ago, and wheeled down the path. He could hear John following him, his steps quick to keep up with him yet hesitant at the same time. He had yet to say something.
Sherlock glanced up, finding John gaping at him.
“Not now.”
“You don’t need to do that,” John muttered. “Alex is perfectly capable of watching me. You can leave the flat if you want, take a case or something.”
Greg nodded. “He owns a small manufacturing building, that receives the boxes of tea—the Old English brand. He has people there who he has blackmailed to keep them quiet, and they place the benzos within the tealeaves, and then reseals them in fresh packets, and then ship them off the few stores that sell them. There’s been a recall ordered already. It’s just a matter of finding anyone else who consumed them.”
“John—.” Sherlock’s eyes flickered with confliction, but then he smirked and relaxed. He met John’s eyes and lowered his own, causing John to inhale sharply. Sherlock leaned forward, and just as his lips grazed John’s, John relaxed his hold just enough, and then Sherlock nearly jumped out of his grasp and straightened back onto his two feet.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock whispered roughly.
“Sherlock’s dead—he left me! Stop doing this and let me go, please!”
“You will not interrogate British civilians on British soil!” Mycroft interrupted furiously. “Who are your orders from?”
The pair entered 221B, laughter still bubbling in between them. As the door closed, the laughter subsided, and awkwardness took its place.
“John!” Sherlock snapped John’s attention back to him. “Take a breath…and relax.”
John winced and swallowed tightly. They hadn’t talked about this in…well it felt like years. John hadn’t been the father, and when he found out, he was a wreck. Sherlock had done what he could, and was there for him, and as time went on, he moved past it. Sherlock never brought it up, hell, he had never even asked this, when John had thought he was going to be a father.
“I run around London, chasing after criminals. It isn’t a routine, so to speak.”
“No problem. And ask him a few times for the next few days if he’s in pain. Alzheimer patients usually don’t remember if they’ve told anyone about pain.
“Why?” John demanded.
Sherlock sat up suddenly, the realization dawning on him so suddenly the pain currently throbbing his muscles and bones was ignored.
“I swam to the docks, and when I got there, you were just starting to be aware of your surroundings. You had been knocked around a bit; you were confused along the way and…” Sherlock looked away for just a second and then looked back up at John, but the blogger caught it.
“I, I don’t want you to stay in here any longer than you need to,” John said carefully. “I’m sure you’d want to be at home the sooner the better.”
“Well you are a famous detective,” John pointed out lightly. Sherlock rolled his eyes. John laughed and stood on his toes, pressing a closed lip kiss against Sherlock’s.
is the landlady. My name is Sherlock Holmes; John is my husband. We live at 221B Baker Street…”
Sherlock blinked and looked away, although it looked forced and hesitant, as he kept looking out of the corner of his eye. “Now what?”
“John? John!” Sherlock shook his blogger. “Wake up. John!”
John did without hesitation.
Lee’s hand steadied his grip and raised his aim slightly.
He napped for rest of the morning, and around lunchtime, John sat beside him and gently shook him awake. When Sherlock opened his eyes, John froze.
John shifted weakly, his eyes sluggishly opening to stare up at Sherlock, yet his gaze was unfocused and glazed with unshed tears. “You love me?”
“Okay. I’ll be more careful.” John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s cheek and took his hand.
Sherlock struggled against the orderly. “Someone is dressing in the proper attire—.”
John nodded enthusiastically. “I made sure Mycroft had it installed, quite a while ago. I wanted it to be ready whenever we returned.”
for him, so the fit was going to be different. He pulled up the right side of his jeans and rolled it upwards—he was sick of shorts and of the cold that came with it, and it was worth the hassle to roll the jeans up anyway. He put the silicone liner over his stump, and then a sock over that.
He reached for the call button, but the movement increased the pain even more, and his heart rate began to rise.
“Why do you…” John trailed off, suddenly at a loss for words. Sherlock turned around and faced him, but by the way his eyes flickered, he seemed to know what John was talking about. He remained silent however, and allowed John to continue.
“I told Mike that I had been looking for a flatmate. Now here he is, with an old friend who just got back from military service. It was quite obvious,” he explained and smirked. He pulled his coat on and tied his scarf and swiftly headed towards the door only, to backtrack when the other man spoke.
“Feeling alright?” she asked warmly.
“I think I’ve had enough of fresh air today.”
, John pondered. Sherlock would be embarrassed to say the least…and, well, however Sherlock would react, John couldn’t imagine. This never happened before. Sure, Sherlock would miss a detail here and there, but to completely forget about this one detail that said who was the murderer and who wasn’t.
He walked towards the elevator and waited for it in silence, Lestrade and Sally beside him.
“Then who are you? What character are you, in your little story?” Sherlock had asked before the police had shown up.
“They may not need to, but we won’t know anything for maybe an hour or so. You can try to go home, wash up. Moran will probably send some American agents over if they decided to go through with the warrant.”
The allusion remained silent and still. John nodded dimly, his eyes closing for a moment. He reopened them to find the apparition still there. His brows furrowed.
“If you let me finish I’ll—.”
Sherlock stepped closer and pressed a light kiss to John’s forehead. His lips lingered for a moment, as John pressed further into the touch. They leaned back and grinned, the glaring fading completely.
Willoughby continued. “What is this instrument around my neck?”
“Tell me what you dream and I’ll tell you—”
Moran’s eyes were narrowed, and stood in front of Sherlock, gun in hand. “So how do I know you don’t have some kind of plan to get yourself out of…your negotiation?”
“Clearly.”
“Yes sir.”
John and Sherlock slowly awoke the next day well into the morning. John opened his eyes first, and considered going back to sleep at the slight of Sherlock still sleeping beside him, but his consideration was cut short when Sherlock opened his own eyes.
John sighed and turned his head away from Sherlock, directing his gaze to the floor. He heard Sherlock sigh, and then stand up, starting to pace. Now that was more like it.
Another voice spoke behind the man. “Sir, we have another sighting from CCTV.”
Sherlock’s pupils started to dilate and his breathing hitch. “If it were our first, hypothetically, what would my punishment be?”
Mycroft grinned cheekily, but there was something lingering in his eyes that caught Sherlock off guard (for once).
“John?”
Sighing loudly, Sherlock stomped out of the room and headed to the side exist. Out in the cold air, he was left alone for a surprisingly two minutes, before the door reopened and Mycroft showed his face. Silently, the older man pulled out a cigarette, and Sherlock accepted it.
“The doctor said you had to rest—,”
“Come to bed tonight?” John asked against his collar.
“You…will?”
His kisses were closed and chaste—peck after peck on John’s lip, and slowly becoming less frequent after each one, the next one becoming more affectionate and lasting longer. He pressed once more against John’s mouth, and parted his mouth slightly with a silent invitation. John hesitantly deepened the kiss, but the feeling in his leg started to increase and distract him.
Sherlock focused and spotted a figure in the room. Lee stared back at him, and swiftly pulled out his gun and aimed it at Sherlock’s chest. The pair in the room gave no notice—they wouldn’t anyway, the mirror on their side hiding their view— and Sherlock quickly realized he had closed the door a second too soon.
“Please just tell me—is something the matter? Why are we here?” John asked, his voice now normal, but far away, not quite coming from where he is.
John yelped and stepped back. He stared at the reflection and felt a surge of anger overcome him. Ignoring the concerned calls on the other side of the door, John raised his fist and slammed it into the mirror. again and again. It shattered the third time, and then fell apart into the sink and onto the floor, stained with blood.
A weak laugh escaped John, but didn’t last long. He crossed his arms and leaned against the desk, looking at Sherlock. “I can’t lose myself Sherlock. And I most definitely cannot lose you. I don’t want your pity…just your company. Just be here. For me, Sherlock, please, I—I can’t lose you. He paused, his voice wavering just a fraction. “It bothers you, it bothers me too.” He mumbled, and then continued, raising his voice to a normal level. “I meant what I said earlier, when I thought you were dying. I…I meant it. Just in case you…if you doubted it.”
“You threw a cup of tea at me.”
“You must know something about bombs. Think!”
Sherlock laughed. “Yeah I do.” He leaned forward and pressed his lips against John’s temple. John leaned into the embrace, and tilted his head so he could press his lips against the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
echoed in his mind.
Sherlock shushed John by placing his lips against his, sucking gently and humming with pleasure as he did.
“Yeah, Sherlock’s still asleep. I take it you’ve got a case.”
“Lucky guess,” John grinned.
“I didn’t startle you, did I?” John asked hoarsely. He thought he might have been screaming, but he didn’t really want to know.
Keeping his eyes fixed on the table; Sherlock shifted an obvious inch away from John, back to a space of purely platonic. His hand traveled to his coat but only lay there awkwardly.
Sherlock’s face softened and he nodded once.
Sherlock had glared at him, mentally noticing the faint sirens in the distance.
“Me neither.”
“You can answer,” John said softly as they reached the end.
John just stared at the phantasm. It stared back. The coldness increased and his bones began to ache again. But he couldn’t move. His chest pain increased and he no longer could hold his breath.
Sherlock stared at him and then closed his eyes. After a moment, he reopened them, this time, expressing defeat. “I’m sorry John. I can’t go.”
“I’m going with Sherlock.”
“Two and a half,” John corrected.
“I don’t need to eat right now, Victor,” Sherlock said fiercely. Despite his glare, Victor only nodded and started to lead Sherlock towards the door, his arm around his waist. John’s eyes widened as he saw Sherlock lean into Victor and slowly sigh.
“Dr. Canterbury?” Sherlock asked as he reached the counter. A small man looked up; his glasses were perched on his nose and he had a beard that pointed like a goat’s. He closed a binder of papers he had been looking at and straightened up, clearly intimidated by Sherlock’s height.
“Sher…” John slurred and blinked heavily. He focused his vision and looked around, looking from his bleeding arm to the knife back to Sherlock. His eyes widened as he woke up fully, and stood up swiftly.
Sherlock scoffed again, this time annoyed with Mycroft’s extreme measures. “And your plan is?”
“He doesn’t have any broken bones, just blunt force trauma to the head. If he had fallen down the stairs—.”
“No, Sherlock don’t fall asleep.” John hushed to the detective. “Let’s get you cleaned up, then eat something and then you can sleep, alright?”
“Please,” John started. “Talk to me.”
“Oh for—bloody hell, Sherlock! Let me in!” John took a forceful step forward, but Sherlock moved and blocked his way. John stumbled backwards and nearly lost his balance. The prosthetic was starting to get on his nerves now, and it was aggravating against his skin. John glared at Sherlock.
Sherlock regarded her with an expectant look.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He leaned forward and kissed John, lips closed, but desperate for contact. John kissed him back as much as he could before Sherlock leaned away, although just slightly where he was still close to John that they’re noses where almost touching.
Sherlock felt a hand on his shoulder push him down, and he weakly did. His body trembled and he inhaled sharply. The room spun around him and he slowly fell back against the chair, succumbing to unconsciousness as well.
“Are you all right John?” Sherlock broke the silence. John only halted his movements for a fraction before containing with the same fondness.
Sherlock met her eyes and then continued to walk away, only to be pulled back once more.
John’s jaw and fists clenched and he looked back at Sherlock. Sherlock looked pale, thinner than usual, but alive, as if he was just sleeping. It almost looked like his eyes were even moving beneath his lids, but John knew it was just his own eyes playing tricks on him. He cleared his throat, and spoke.
John remained there for a few seconds before he shuffled away, closing the door behind him with a soft click, all without uttering a word.
“Yes.”
Sherlock remained silent for a moment longer, and then he gasped.
Sherlock didn’t respond right away, and at the look of his face, John’s face slightly fell.
“Surprised?” Shepherd’s voice rang sharp through the night air. He unhooked his gun from his belt and aimed it at Sherlock but didn’t pull the trigger right away. He kept his finger on it, as if he was definitely prepared to pull it, but Sherlock saw right through that. He wanted to share his part of it—it was obvious in the look in his eyes. He was practically begging for recognition.
“Right.”
“You know who I’m talking about. And I’ve kept surveillance on her since the Moriarty’s fake return. She clearly has an alibi when John was shot.”
John held up a hand. “Call Mycroft. Get me my gun, a jumper—.”
“Open the damn doors!” John yelled to the woman. She stood up quickly and stepped away, calling down the hall for help. John rushed to the desk and began pushing things out of the way, searching for the keys.
“Bored already,” Sherlock mumbled and lied on the sofa.
John sighed as he scooted closer to the edge of the bed.
“He had a seizure right before he died…” Sherlock absently said.
He watched Sherlock shuffle his feet; he was unsure about something—hesitant, nervous? John sighed and prepared to lie back down, when Sherlock gently cupped his jaw and cheek and tilted it upwards.
Sherlock looked at him from head to toe, eying the stethoscope, and smirked. “So you’re an army
“If he doesn’t have good coordination skills, then I don’t think he should help you with your rehabilitation,” John said calmly. His voice was shaking just the tiniest bit, but he didn’t look away or snap. Sherlock blinked at him, and relaxed his posture against the pillow.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade put his hand on the taller man’s shoulder and squeezed it gently. He only got the man to tilt his head slightly, and took that as the most acknowledgment he was going to get at the moment.
Later, John helped Sherlock stabilize his stance as he straightened his back. Sherlock shook against him and was close to losing his balance.
John leaned back and pulled his shirt over his head. Sherlock did the same, and the both leaned back into each other; John cupped Sherlock’s cheeks and cradled his head as he kissed him passionately. Sherlock clutched at his waist, pulling him as close as possible without having him fall off the bed.
“Mr. Holmes. Meet me up on deck in half an hour. Come alone.”
“A person named Anthea Smith.”
“Are they all taken care of?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. “I prefer oranges.”
John blinked at him, his heartbeat quickening. “I-I…” John paused and then thought ‘fuck it’.
John hurried past Molly and ran up the several flights of stairs. His phone rang, but he ignored it, hoping it would ring again until he got up there.
Sherlock swallowed tightly. “Just kiss me already.”
“Sherlock!”
The inspector turned around, and was nearly tackled to the ground by Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered and his shoulders slumped. John scoffed and repositioned himself, facing away from Sherlock.
“Just yesterday. There were supply boxes in the corner by the counter. Canterbury is involved; we just need to prove it. We need to find out how much benzodiazepine Canterbury is buying, and if it corresponds to what he’s selling. Now, in Ellis’s journals, he recorded his wife’s symptoms, and with his experience he concluded she didn’t have Alzheimer’s. But the medical records must have, so she was taking something that caused her brain cells to—to—,” Sherlock clenched his fist and scrunched up his nose in frustration.
John licked his lips nervously and looked down for a moment. “I think we should take a break…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So the game is still on then?” John remarked.
John reluctantly shook his head. Willoughby opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock must have known John’s answer and scoffed.
When the man didn’t answer, Sherlock clenched his fists. “Tell me!”
“Now, John, may I have this dance?”
John shifted to look at Sherlock better. “Did he say anything?”
“John—.”
“Yes, John, do keep up. We need to prove which drugs Canterbury is giving away, and to whom. Chances are, he’s giving it to someone who has worked with Alzheimer patients, probably still does, and since patients are referenced from the doctor to the pharmacy to provide their medication, it must be someone Canterbury is close to. My bet is on Dashwood.”
John nodded as he sat down. “Yeah. Go ahead on the case now. Who knows, it might be a long one.” John offered a grin, but it was strained. Sherlock seemed to think for a moment, and then he stood up in a flash and put his coat on.
“You’re coming with me. John will be pleased to see you.”
Harry scoffed. “Why did you come back?”
“He locked me out too,” she managed to say.
Sherlock scoffed. “Who would I be willing to marry?”
John inhaled sharply and nodded roughly. “Well, y-yes, but we’ve managed to ignore some things. I-I thought it would make things awkward…b-bringing things up. You and him, you see…” John laughed nervously, and then winced again.
“I try. Usually I find you do it yourself, and are more relaxed about then with a stranger.”
Blinking his eyes haggardly, John groaned as his eyes wandered to Sherlock’s figure. His eyes focused more and more as seconds ticked by and soon enough he lifted a hand, despite his arm and joints feeling heavy, and tugged the mask off from his mouth.
Sherlock grinned and nodded. John laughed softly but then composed himself.
John let out a sob, and suddenly the tears where streaming down his cheeks. He leaned against the wall for support, and cried. He sniffled and let out shaky breaths, and exhausted, he slid down the wall and sat by the door. The tears finally started to fall silently, and eventually came to an end by morning.
“Don’t say that!” John gasped clenching his teeth shut afterwards. “You don’t ever get to say that! Because that means I’m going to die.” He hissed, his voice shaking on the last word.
“It’ll take time,” Sherlock reassured shortly. “Physical therapy for a few months and you’ll be fine. You will be.”
“Well, I’ll get you some paracetamol. It might help.”
Sherlock’s head snapped up. “What?”
“Well there we go. I’ll let the others know, and Mycroft. Can you send it to my screen and I’ll pull it up on the main one?”
Sherlock walked in until he was standing right in front of John. He placed his hand on John’s chin and tilted it up. John reluctantly met his gaze, urging his own eyes to stop stinging.
*** I PROMISE, if I get a few comments, I'll publish the last chapter tonight.***
Sherlock clenched his jaw. “I do but…” He pushed John off of him and sat up. John scooted backwards, expanding the space between them, which Sherlock immediately missed.
comment, ask, subscribe :)
“I’m not f-feeling w-well,” John mumbled as he turned onto his left side, away from her. She squeezed his shoulder reassuringly and then slowly left.
“He did.” Sherlock’s voice was now becoming irritated, but John knew it wasn’t directly at him, but at himself, even though it sounded like it was.
He had only managed to turn on the water and undress before he had realized there wasn’t a chair in the tub. Not wanting to call for John, he had lifted himself out of the chair and sat on the edge of the tub. He would have been fine hadn’t water gotten all over the floor and when he reached for his chair, it wheeled out of grasp and he fell onto his side.
Sherlock was above his head, and could see everything from a higher height. The view was wider and made the setting around him larger than it was when he was sitting. He held onto John as they walked into the tide. John inhaled sharply from the contrasting temperatures, but continued to wade in.
John narrowed his eyes. “You’d know wouldn’t you?”
“You know,” he whispered slowly. “A happy ever after. Fairytales usually end that way.”
John’s mouth twitched and his eyes lit up. “Sherlock…”
Comment please! :)
Instead of seeing tears, John saw Sherlock’s eyes were clear of them, but his nose was red and covered in blood, which had been spread around his mouth and jaw. John gasped and leaned away. Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly and reached forward, but John moved out of reach.
“Well, if he was smart, he’d leave the country,” John suggested.
Sherlock didn’t respond, so John took it as a yes. He refilled Sherlock’s mug, and brought it back, setting it down by Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock reached for it, but it was too close, and it spilled over, the hot contents drenching the pile of papers.
“I’m very sorry, John.” He nodded to the scans and turned on the lights. The images were very obvious, even to John. John’s eyes widened and he looked at Sherlock, who stared back at him without recognizing him.
Sherlock hummed in response and continued looking through the papers. Nothing suggested the connections between Moran and O’Brian’s disappearance and death. It could be a coincidence, nothing more. He needed to speak to Lee when he got back, he was the only one not caught up in this.
Sherlock’s brows didn’t relax. “We should go; you need to rest your leg—”
“N-no.”
“Our bed.” Sherlock corrected him. John grinned.
John leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s with the barest hint of pressure. He pulled away, feeling lightheaded, but grinned slightly. Sherlock grinned back, and continued to hold John in his arms. Niether of them needed to say anything. They had the rest of their lives for talking. This was enough for now.
“But you’re…not gay.”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered and he looked like he wanted to say something, but instead he only nodded, and then directed his attention back to Lestrade.
“I mean you’re already hard, and I’m not. How do we know that I will get like that?”
“Great,” John sighed.
Fletcher collapsed unconscious. John sighed with relief and looked up at Sherlock.
“I don't mind. Do you…like it?”
“Ready.” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock nodded. He leaned forward and kissed his husband chastely.
John kissed him on the cheek and turned to the door. “I love you.”
Sherlock walked into the room, wheelchair in tow, his coat twirling with his stride.
“I love you, John.”
“Lestrade wants us to come in, something about the case last night.” Sherlock informed John as he walked into the kitchen.
He fidgeted on the cot. His arms were strapped across his chest as his body was constrained in a straight jacket. John fumed and called out, but there was no answer.
Shillcott shook his head. “I’m only allowed the Underground ones.”
“Before the graveyard? You were back in London but still stayed away from me?” John asked, his voice stabilizing with every word but gaining a tone of bewilderment and frustration.
Canterbury hadn’t put much of a fight. He admitted at the scene that he was giving the drugs to Dashwood, but claimed he didn’t know where he was, or what name he was going by. He even confessed he killed George, which just irritated Sherlock at how easy he was being.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, comprehending what he said. It took him longer than he would have liked, but once he grasped it, he simply blinked and turned his head away, directing his gaze up to the ceiling.
John stared at him, and then, surprising them both, he laughed.
Sherlock was bored, so bored he felt like exploding would suffice, however a dull thing to do, but at least it would be something. He needed some kind of release now or he felt he
“Definitely.”
I’m awake,
John reached for Sherlock’s hand and held it tightly. He sniffled, and looked up. Sherlock was looking at him; his own eyes dry yet pained. John raised his arm and wrapped it around Sherlock’s neck and shoulders. He felt Sherlock wrap his arms around his back and held him closer until he was pressed up against his chest.
Sherlock noticed what was happening right away. “I’m here John.” The detective began calmly. “I’m just uncertain how to phrase something, that’s all. It’s happened before.”
Sherlock lowered his gaze briefly before meeting John’s eyes.
? You
“Nn-N-oh!”
“John—,”
“You actually got
John narrowed his eyes and stared at him, silently ordering him to continue. Sherlock shifted on the bed until they were facing each other.
John turned away sharply and stared at the window. He thought he could do this, be cheerful and try to talk to Sherlock, to let him know he still has him, to encourage him somehow that he’s not alone, but it was all getting to him. The loneliness. The self-resentment.
“You were dreaming,” John pointed out.
Sherlock had time to go over his newly realized feelings for John. He looked over all the evidence and it was clear, but impossible to be reciprocated. He was already convinced John would only want to remain his friend. Going into a romantic relationship with a cripple—well, disabled, as John had him practice using the term, was just insane for a man like John. In a few years, he’d meet an average woman and get married, probably start a family soon after. Sherlock didn’t want to hold John back, and to burden him not only with his disadvantage, but with his feelings as well. So he made an instant decision that he was not going to tell John. But
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock rested his hands on John’s shoulders gently. “I’m still fine.”
“I know,” Sherlock breathed. John reopened his eyes, and scoffed at himself as he could feel them stinging with tears.
“I’m Dr. Dmitri. The man with the umbrella sent me,” the man informed. John creased his eyebrows for a moment, slowly coming to the likely conclusion that he was talking about Mycroft.
As he had been dragged away, John stared up at the bright sun, the pain too much to fathom in words, so all he did was scream. His awareness had started to fade from that point, and he only remembered glimpses of his fellow army doctors, and of James looking down at him as he was airlifted to the closest hospital base.
. John didn’t remember what month it was, neither did he remember the day it was yesterday.
“I had doubted—why would you—.” Sherlock looked at the body. He pushed him onto his back and stared at him. It was John—was it? He wanted to kneel to get a closer look, but couldn’t seem to move.
“I want-”
“Good morning,” John said.
Sherlock fidgeted. John noticed he was rather paler than usual, thinner around the waist, and a slight sweat gleam on his forehead like he had a fever. Before he could point any of it out, Sherlock answered.
Sherlock remained where he was but he grew more concern for John. How was it possible to feel this much worry?
“You and I—or the real me according to you, never kissed until fairly recently. You and I kissed before that actually happened, so explain that. Explain how it felt just as real.”
“I will,” John paused in his steps and turned to Sherlock. He brought him in a tight hug and slowly relaxed his shoulders now that Sherlock was off the ledge. “I will, Sherlock, I promise.”
John pulled the door open only to find a figure facing him. Before he had time to react, the man pulled out a gun and fired.
“Shh,” Sherlock whispered. He moved closer and tentatively wrapped his arms around John’s back, staying away from his lower back and anywhere below. John tensed, but leaned into the embrace, and slowly wrapped his arms around Sherlock.
“Alone is what I have, alone protects me,” Sherlock stated in a monotone.
“You haven’t been out of the hospital for a month yet. Take it easy,” Sherlock said.
“Yes it is. I don’t want you here, which means you can’t come in. Reasonable enough. Respect someone’s wishes.”
Sherlock whipped around, facing John. “You’re seriously asking that? I don’t doubt
*            *            *
“How’d you—.”
Sherlock mouthed an “oh”, and a promise of a smile tugged at his lips. “There’s always something.”
Sherlock clenched his jaw at the last word, and continued writing. Once he was done, he capped the pen and set it aside, and showed his left arm to John.
“Because if there’s a mistake, or an emergency on a subject, it’s a nice safety. Works like a charm.”
Sinclair shook her head while still looking at her computer screen, which showed various CCTV footage from all over the darkened city. “None so far. We have a group of five working on it in station three. They’ll keep us updated by the minute.”
“Is Sherlock managing, do you think?”
Sherlock sighed, the salty air stinging his eyes and the sun making him feel hot and sticky already.
“Mhm, I can’t seem to…j-just stay with me…stay here…for me—.” John choked suddenly, a feeble attempt of a sob shuddered from his throat. He gasped, opening his eyes wide as he stared at the hallucination.
“John?”
He didn’t seem to be ashamed with Mycroft discreetly wrapping his arm around his shoulder. Instead, he bowed his head as deep sobs penetrated the harmful silence and clutched at the sheets tightly in his fist, the other still clamped over his mouth. Mycroft stayed still, keeping his arm firmly in place and tightening it to assure Sherlock that it was okay. Just this once, it was okay to let go.
John’s face hardened and he swallowed tightly. “Serious-ly?” he whispered hoarsely.
“Sorry,” Sherlock whispered. John nodded, and restarted the step.
“Truck, cabin, spoon.”
“Sherlock?”
“John?”
The two sighed heavily and glared at each other. Victor was the first to soften his expression, and he slouched his shoulders slightly.
“Your appointment’s in an hour,” Sherlock stated. John nodded in affirmation. Sherlock took a sip of his tea and then set the cup down.
Sherlock minutely flinched. He parted his mouth but nothing came out.
“John…”
“You don’t need to say it back Sherlock. A nod or affirmation that you heard me would be perfectly fine.”
“Molly,” John greeted tiredly. “What are you doing here?”
Sherlock was bursting now, and he knew what was coming before he could slow down.
“I’ll call the nurse for some food. You should try to eat something,” John whispered.
Mycroft’s face hardened. “I’ll have someone test it, and work on an antibiotic. But only if that’s the case—.”
John shifted his body, turning completely towards Sherlock and ascending casually onto Sherlock’s body until he was laying head to toe on top of the detective, knees to knees, hips to hips, chest to chest. He smiled at the detective, and then leaned down a bit further and captured his lips with a light touch.
Sherlock tightened their embrace and rested his chin on top of John’s hair. “I—.”
looked
“Sherlock,” John began softly. “They aren’t there—.”
“I can manage,” John said, confidently. He lifted himself up and stepped onto the stair, and then moved his crutches to the next one, and repeated.
Soon, Sherlock was fully prepared, and John sat forward, his own cock leaking slightly as he aligned himself with Sherlock entrance. The two made eye contact, and both let out moans of pleasure as John slowly entered Sherlock’s body, coming to a pause once he was fully sheathed into Sherlock. The two remained still for a moment, and then the atmosphere heated up as John began rocking into Sherlock, whose hands were clutching John’s arse, pushing him in deeper and holding him still. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck; Sherlock suddenly began licking and sucking John’s chest, leaving marks all along his décollage. John moaned in ecstasy as he began reaching orgasm, any sound coming from him incoherent apart from the following words,
“None, John. Not a single one. Not even a client,” Sherlock rambled just as the doorbell rang.
John arrived at his prosthetist in time, and waited patiently in the physical therapy room. Alex was supposed to come too, to help if needed.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock furrowed his brows briefly, and then widened his eyes. “John? Why would he—.”
John’s eyes fluttered and he shivered.
The second time John woke up, he was surrounded by darkness still, but that was easily explained when he flickered his eyes to the window, the blinds now closed. In front of the window, sitting in a chair with his head lolling over his shoulder, was Sherlock. He was fast asleep, and as John fell back into…whatever, he produced a thought, the act itself feeling as if he hadn’t done so in ages.
John gaped and turned out to face him. “You stink. You didn’t shower like you so conceitedly said you would.”
The degrees are in Celsius (so 30 degrees would be about 86 in Fahrenheit)
“This is just procedure, Sherlock. It’s just a check up. Besides, they need to print the images and examine them. This is something to do in the meantime.”
“Are you sure?”
“So, to the scene?”
John turned on the lamp and then sat up against the headboard. He faced Sherlock and looked at him carefully. He still had his ring on—during the first week he wanted the take it off, but John managed to convince him to keep it on, and he still had the necklace on, but it seemed most of the time Sherlock didn’t notice it was there.
“L-long—how—.” It was increasingly frustrating, and his breathing didn’t calm down.
*         *         *
“Go after him, John!” Sherlock groaned and slowly pulled himself up. Satisfied for now, John turned on his heal, but was greeted with a thorough punch to the jaw. He fell back, and regained his footing and lunged at the man. The man fell onto his back and wrestled form John’s grip.
“Erm, what is it?” Kim asked.
The allusion stood still in front of John, his face expressing tidal waves of emotion it almost brought John back to tears. The army doctor grinned tightly, his face wincing in pain.
“It’ll be all right. I’m going to give you something to help with the hallucinations, all right, Mr. Watson?”
“Awake still?”
Sighing, he turned to Lestrade. “Was he like that when he got here?”
“You heard me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John opened his eyes as Sherlock slowly stepped closer. His forehead creased as he smiled, greeting Sherlock.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Perhaps he just wants John for now…”
The men dragged Sherlock out of the room and closed the door. As soon as it was shut, the people in the suits opened the barrier and stepped into John’s room, closing it quickly behind them.
“Of course.” Robbins left with a soft smile, and John turned back to face the wall. He suddenly needed Sherlock—even if he couldn’t feel him, at least he’d have his voice. That would be enough, wouldn’t it?
“Yeah, and the doctor wanted me to stay in the hospital for at least another week. I’m feeling fine. I haven’t had a fever since the day before yesterday; it’s under control.”
John nodded honestly. “I’m okay. I need this…this normalcy. You can give me that, yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John gently shook Sherlock shoulder, stirring him awake.
Sherlock froze in his step. John looked at him as if his heart was breaking completely to pieces. He leaned against the man for support and began to stumble away.
“Planted. Her phone history only has the trail starting already in the files, so how did she get there? She wouldn’t have had enough time to wipe it all, and why wouldn’t it have wiped out the evidence we have? It’s planted, obvious?”
John hummed and licked his lips. He heard Sherlock sigh, and then a slight grip on his hand. As he continued to wake up, he heard Sherlock talking, and started to process it.
Sherlock and John entered the pharmacy, only to find it deserted. No one was at the counter, despite it being mid-afternoon.
John grinned at that. “I’m sure you will. So now what? Do we just wait?”
John shrugged and turned further away from him, but he was unable to turn onto his side, so his neck was starting to strain.
*         *         *
Sherlock looked at him and softened his face slightly. “But John, it’s—”
John nodded. “I can see that, yeah.”
Margaret told Regina to get the right dosage, and then she smiled at John before she left. Regina came back and immediately injected the pain killer in John’s IV.
Sherlock nodded immediately. “Then you don’t have to worry. I’m here for you.”
John giggled and set aside Sherlock’s cup. He reached for one of the journals and looked over them. Sherlock headed back to the kitchen for another cup—the correct one—and noticed John’s lunch was on the counter. Rolling his eyes, he prepared his tea and then brought both to the table, setting John’s sandwich in front of him, only after taking half of it. John paused and then scoffed to himself lightly.
“John?”
Sherlock sighed dully. “Ah, cable network.”
“Tired.”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders tightly and muttered soothing words. “It’s going to be all right. It’s going to be fine…”
“Sherlock—.”
“I j-just ‘old myself I don’ want you here…or do I have to say it a-loud?”
“Right,” Sherlock let out a shuddering breath. “Thank—good bye Mycroft.” Sherlock hung up the phone before his brother could respond. He immediately abandoned the dingy flat and took off to see John. In the back of his mind, he chose to ignore the fact that it had been four hours since his last dose, and would be showing symptoms of withdrawal soon. He deleted that thought as soon as it crossed his mind—he needed to see John.
*            *            *
John furrowed his eyebrows slightly. “Moran didn’t torture you?”
Sherlock crouched and carefully looked at the device. “Apparently.”
“John.” Sherlock insisted. “I’ll tell you what happened but I need you to tell me what you remember.”
John sighed. “I don’t like to…talk about certain things—personal things. But when I first came back from Afghanistan, I felt—well I was crippled, in some way or another. I couldn’t get a job—I didn’t try very hard because I had this set notion in my head that, looking back now, I saw myself as that, as a cripple. And I assumed that that was what everyone saw me as. It wasn’t just the nightmares and dodgy leg, but the mentality that kept me back. I was bitter about myself, therefore about everything else. It can be paralyzing, not just in a physical sense, but in a mental one as well. It kept me back, and I’d hate to see it happen to you.”
“Apparently we do.” John twisted from Sherlock’s hold and stepped back. “You show up at
“John…” He murmured for no reason.
“Jesus! Sh-Sherlock y-you fucking bastard!” He wanted to punch him, but after what he did earlier, he couldn’t bring himself to raise his hand, so instead he kept his fists clenched by his side. John limped towards the detective and placed his hands on his shoulders, resting his forehead on top of the mop of curly hair.
“I was talking to it.” John stated.
“It’s…” Sherlock trailed off, a spark of tingles trailing down from that direct spot. “No, I can’t,” he told the doctor, and himself. He refused to get his hopes up for familiar imaginations.
The first time John was shot, the bullet had entered his back and exited out the front of his left shoulder. He had heard his fellow soldiers calling out to him, shouting orders to each other, and screaming out in their own pain.
“That’s not what I’m running from, Sherlock. I don’t have a choice. Jack was the one who took me from Baker Street. I thought he was with Moran, you know, taking me hostage to go somewhere to torture me for information, but in the car, he lowered his gun and started explaining everything. Moran’s men found us so we had to run, we got to the car in time but—.”
John kissed him back, but just for a moment before twisting his neck and breaking their contact.
This time though, it seemed Dr. Smith was keen on getting John to say something, as he asked a question nearly every five minutes.
Now John was starting to feel guilty again. He swallowed tightly and refrained from looking at Sherlock.
There was a thin prick on his neck, and then he was loosing consciousness as the truck started driving away.
Sherlock nodded. “I’m thinking.” He grazed his finger along his ring, and then paused in his actions and looked down at it, furrowing his brows in confusion. John kept still, trying to think of answer to Sherlock’s inevitable question, but it never came.
“Doctor,” John protested. “It’s doctor.” He let her lead him though, and didn’t protest as they led him to his room and sat with him for the remainder of the day.
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” John said with a tired smile.
That evening, Sherlock hesitantly came into John’s room, only to be greeted by a warm smile.
Sherlock groaned inwardly and opened his eyes. He first looked at his brother, then at John, who was looking at him with surprise, which quickly distorted to something like embarrassment. John looked away and ran his hand through his hair. He cleared his throat and shifted his feet awkwardly.
“And the genius what? Realizes he’s an idiot when the prince dies before he could save him?” Sherlock suggested mockingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, it’s not,” John replied firmly. “I’m here and I’m not going anywhere.”
John finished, and kept his gaze on the horizon. Sherlock thought this through, and tightened his arms around John’s chest, pressing his chest against John’s back. John’s words had brought something in him to light. In all the crimes he had solved, sentiment was the usual motive—romantic love specifically, was always a vicious motivator to do unimaginative acts. What he did on the rooftop must have been motivated by something of that similar sense. He had only assumed he needed to jump to protect John; because John (and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade too) was the one true friend he had ever known. But here, in the water, it must be something more, something to the liking of love.
John giggled. “Being here and healthy is the perfect gift. But I suppose I’ll want my necklace back. Maybe I should get one for you.”
John shook his head immediately. Sherlock tensed slightly, and seemed even more reluctant as he explained.
“That’s an odd thing to wish for.” Sherlock remarked too quickly.
“Yes.” Sherlock darted his eyes to the figure above him. Molly was staring at him, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
However, John was running late, and Sherlock was starting to get sucked into actual science, still swaying his hips in sync with the music, but starting to forget his intended routine.
Sherlock scoffed but was granted a glare. He continued. “I wanted you to have your tumor taken out as soon as possible and I thought once you were better then I could come back to you for good. But then you signed the DNR and I thought…if
John nodded.
It was comforting for the both of them; it was reassuring and uplifting, on so many levels.
“You’re dying.”
“You’ve got a lot of information.”
“Oh, Sherlock, another one—.” John gasped and was cut off as Sherlock found his prostate.
John shook his head and looked at his food.
John looked up and spotted the level that would unlock the window. He stood up shakily and reached for it. It clicked open easily, and then John slid the window open. He felt a rush of cold air against his face, sending shivers down his body. It was mesmerizing, but he still couldn’t find a breath.
“Because I—.”
Several more minutes passed in silence. John’s shuddering had stilled, but he remained pressed against Sherlock’s chest, keeping his hands clutched firmly in his shirt. Sherlock’s hands remained by his sides, unsure of where to place them.
John came to on the sofa, sitting up but with his head hanging sideways on his shoulder. He blinked heavily and tried to focus, but his surroundings were blurry. There were a few patients out and about, and medical staff close by. One came up to him and was holding a cup of pills.
John stopped what he was doing and left them half open. “I thought this was a safe house.”
“Is he the leader of the group John?”
“Your head’s bleeding—.” A movement behind him caught Sherlock’s eye and he suddenly grasped John closer to him. John’s brows furrowed and he twisted around to see what was happening but before he could get a look, a masked man grabbed him by his waist and hauled him out. Sherlock grasped desperately at his jumper, but he was still buckled which had tightened from the collision. The detective held onto John, tugging him as close as he could.
“Ignore it,” Sherlock sighed.
Sherlock snapped his gaze to his brother. “Blame? You blame John?”
*            *            *
“You’ll have to ask their daughter, Lucy.”
The view was truly spectacular. There weren’t any trees, so no shade, but the sky was nearly cloudless, and on the verge of a sunset. The sun shined down, providing a warm ray amidst the cool air. John pulled out a thick blanket and stretched it out over the plants.
Sighing, Sherlock stood up and tossed the mask to the ground. He looked at the remaining man, who was looking at him; his head free from Jack’s grip. Sherlock examined every inch of him. He looked closely, and found the man wasn’t wearing any contacts. He had a scar, was shot in the thigh, and was wearing the same jumper and pajamas as John was—but the brand was a common one. The others were wearing the same kind too.
“I’m so tired…” John trailed off and closed his eyes. Sherlock shook him harder.
John nodded, and then hesitated.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
Sherlock nodded his gratitude and slowly headed to the elevator. He looked over his shoulder, and stared at John, who was lying still in bed, looking far paler and sick than he had just an hour ago.
Sherlock continued looking at Anthea’s phone history, when something caught his eye, and he backtracked. After checking only once, he sprang up and wiped Anthea’s name card off the bulletin board, crumbling it and tossing it the trash.
“Three left,” Moran stated.
“You’ll fall asleep no matter what. You’re on the verge right now.”
“Arrest him,” John insisted as he hurried closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was lax, his chest unmoving, and the area around his mouth becoming a faded blue.
John followed him and paused in between the sitting room and kitchen. “Don’t you want me to come along?”
0:00:00
“Well help me look for it.” Sherlock continued looking around, and then paused, and looked intently on something remotely faint along the wall. He followed it to one of the seats, and then lifted the cushion up to reveal what was underneath.
Once finished, John put the shaving supplies away into the kit and set it down on the bedside table. He didn’t want to move Rosie, who was still fascinated by the bee. John reclined in his chair, accustomed to not having much else to do. He didn’t always bring Rosie with him, but deep down he thought that maybe—just maybe—Sherlock would wake up for her. John knew Sherlock was fond of Rosie, as was Rosie of Sherlock. Maybe that would be a reason. John didn’t have much faith in himself as someone Sherlock would wake up for.
“They’re about the accident. My leg mostly. And how it’s there one minute and then gone the next. You’re not in it,” John said, hoping he sounded convincing. “I don’t really remember them all.” That was the truth—most of the time—so he knew he sounded honest, at least partly.
John shivered and reached for the blanket. His breathing rate increased, and he closed his eyes.
“It’s a better punishment then what my brother would do, trust me.” Sherlock pushed him out, but John held onto him by his robe’s sleeve, and together they fell forward, and tumbled down the steps.
John turned his head and stared at him. Sherlock looked at him, and then sighed.
“Yes, we get that. But how does that have to do with this not being an overdose?” Anderson asked from behind Lestrade. Sherlock glared at him for interrupted, and continued.
Sherlock remained quiet for a moment before answering. “I don’t deserve you John.”
Sherlock blinked. “Oh, right, yeah, I mean…” he stuttered, suddenly embarrassed by what he had said and what it implied.
“John?”
Sherlock bit his lip—unlike himself again—and stepped back.
“I’m just going to follow you John. I’m here. I’m here for you—.”
Molly widened her eyes. “Oh, I thought you knew. He did, only for a few minutes, before they gave him the narcan. He was a bit delirious, but clear enough to say his name. He was very tired though, most likely from the benzos in his system.”
At the top of the stairs, John found himself in the bridge of the ship, with a large window revealing the outside. Standing on the bow, were Sherlock and Moran.
Fear kept John from looking around the room right away, but he took a deep breath and looked anyway. Flowers were by the windowsill, an overnight bag lay in the corner, but other than that and the detective, the room was empty.
“What?”
He hesitantly took a couple of steps back and retrieved his coat. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
John shuffled his feet. “He’s not up for talking,” he said to the newcomer.
. Why me?”
John was rolled out; the doctor and others rushed him down the hall and the last of John Sherlock saw disappeared behind elevator doors, leaving him behind in a room of blood and tears.
“Sherlock?” John blinked. He glanced over Sherlock’s shoulder and saw that he was in Sherlock’s room, lying on his bed. “You’re really—you really are alive?” he whispered.
John sighed and shook his head. His back was already starting to hurt, and his surgical scar was itching and uncomfortable. Perhaps this was a bad idea—
A figure in a black trench coat stood in front of him. His hair was shorter; the curls were tame. He was skinnier; the familiar coat hung more loosely around his waist and hips. Under his grey-blue eyes were bags of exhaustion. His face was the all too familiar expression of both indifference and concern. Each sentiment was being expressed in blinks—almost as if the figure was experiencing a storm of emotion that he didn’t know which to focus on and uncover.
Sherlock told himself.
John left and headed to the waiting room. The office was rather large, and a line of patients was filling up, most around the tea station. Finally reaching the table, most of the packets were gone, and the ones remaining would be an insult if Sherlock were given one of them. Sighing, John took a bottle of water and headed back to the exam room.
Sherlock looked at him briefly before looking over his head. “Something about Moran seemed…off. Like he knew me…”
“Mhm?” Sherlock mumbled.
It was worse than before.
Sherlock bit his lip and looked away briefly. “I was the one who started it.” He mumbled. This caused another grin to tug at John’s lips, and a quiet laugh escaped them.
Sherlock watched John as he went up the steps to their flat, waiting for any kind of pause or chance of stumbling. He didn’t say a word, and neither did John. Since his apology, John hadn’t said much, concerning Sherlock. He was still bothered by John’s stubbornness, but he didn’t think John would still be angry at him for going against his word.
“All right then. That’s it’s for today. You’re very lucky to have this much sensory. I’ll be back before the weekend.”
Sherlock smirked, and led her to a small house. After one quick knock on the door, a short young man answered it.
John shook his head and nodded to his left hand. Mandy still remained confused. John sighed and parted his mouth.
“All right?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock spotted John instantly against the wall, eyes closed and his head and body bleeding profusely from a recent beating.
Sherlock wished he could go against John’s word this time, but the man’s insistence, and painful condition he was already in, was hard to cross.
“I’m going to bed.” Sherlock wheeled away from John, but then stopped abruptly in front of the stairs. Something clenched in his chest, but he ignored it and casted his gaze to the ground as John stepped closer to him.
“Then shower—”
“Dr. Hunt, Derek Shepherd won’t be working here anymore.” He stated as he eyed his brother.
“Have you taken your medication?”
“Dr. Willoughby?”
“Well, it appears that whoever shot you put some of the powder in the bullet. It’s in your system, but the doctors aren’t sure if it’s all gone or if you have yet to show signs…”
Sherlock sighed with hesitant relief and nodded. “I—,”
Sherlock nodded and let out a ragged breath. “This isn’t fair, John. We were—,” he swallowed tightly, and let out another shaky breath. “We were supposed to grow old together—.”
“Baker Street,” Sherlock said without too much thought, and then he stopped in his tracks. “Unless you…” Uncertainty clouded in his tone as he stopped in his tracks and looked at John.
(Some days I skip, otherwise it would be longer and a lot more repetitive. I do mention the days where there aren't actual scenes. if you have questions, feel free to ask.)
Molly shuffled her feet. “It was a heart attack that killed him. And the woman died of a heat stroke. Quite odd really, in the middle winter. But the drug must have overheated her body and his heart must have worked itself too much. I mean, they were fairly healthy up to this point.”
John looked at him, eyes widening, then back at Sherlock. Before he could utter another word, the man grabbed John by his sodden jumper and shoved him off the dock. Sherlock watched in horror as his lover disappeared over the edge and soon a heavy splash followed. Silence pierced through the night as Sherlock glared at Derek Shepherd.
As the door slammed, Mycroft turned to Sherlock. “You don’t know where’s he gone.”
John sat up and scooted closer. “Well, you could look for another case. Or we can have morning shag? I’ll let you wear these tags—.”
He turned to Sherlock, who was sitting in his chair by the sofa.
“I just need to find Silken and Jacob. They’re the ones behind this, they did this to you.”
Pushing that thought aside, John crept down the hall; his thigh only throbbing weakly from the earlier wound; he checked the rooms that were unlocked for any signs of life before continuing down the hall. He came across steps leading up to what seemed to be the captain’s cabin of the yacht. Taking one at a time and preparing for any sudden movements, John made it to the top.
John stilled as Sherlock stood up from the bed and turned around. Victor was in the doorway, his coat still on, which meant he had only just arrived.
Mary stood up and gathered her things.
It will be more of a inspiration/fusion from/with Grey's Anatomy and Sherlock, but you don't have to watch the show to read the fic.
“Sherlock? Can you understand me?”
Several, unnerving minutes passed in silence, Sherlock still staring and John trying to distract himself by trying to get the attention of Angelo, who had been constantly on his phone, occasionally nodding towards John as “give me a moment” before going back to his phone.
Sherlock looked away, but John gently cupped his cheek and tilted his face up.
“Sherlock…just come here,” John gently grasped hold of Sherlock by the back of his shoulders and pulled him back to direct him to his chair. Sherlock tried to shove him off but was growing frustrated with his weak attempts and lost his temper.
“No.” John choked out and followed it with a whimper, his gaze still directed at the consulting detective.
“No we had an argument.”
John stilled—or at least put his attempts to move at a halt. The warmth was back, and this time, it lasted longer, but only for a second, and then it was gone. The hallucination grey dimmer again. It was now grey—almost completely transparent with the water surrounding them.
John sat at the kitchen counter, as Sherlock examined the blood, vomit, and other bodily fluids found at the scene. John was looking through his phone, for anything to do with drug overdoses that involved unidentified drugs, but didn’t find any.
“What were you thinking?” Sherlock demanded. John refused to look at him, and a sudden gasp escaped his throat, catching himself off guard.
“Yes.”
“I’m serious John.” Sherlock urged, keeping his gaze intently focused on the deck. “This whole relationship was a mistake. It can’t work. I thought it could but…” He paused, his train of thought suddenly becoming the lightening in the storm.
“Perhaps later would be more convenient for you.” The older man implied.
“Sherlock. Do you need anything?”
“There was nothing to tell.”
“Isolation suiting you well?” Mycroft asked.
John cleared his throat. “Y-yes.”
Lestrade looked up startled. “What? Shouldn’t you go to the hospital?”
“Yes. And they’re known for cocaine usually, and have ties with other separate underground networks. But just recently they had introduced a new drug called Apfelsamen or 7-snow, as it’s referred to in the streets. The former means apple seeds, but the slang term is unusual. The number just seems random. The drug itself is hard to come by, and the effects are nearly unknown about. Some say it’s just like cocaine, but stronger, and others say it’s not like the use of any other drug.”
“I think I’ve read this before,” Sherlock muttered. “It’s familiar…”
“Do you want to talk about it?” John asked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mary hesitated, and then nodded. She closed her laptop and paused the recorder, and then stood up.
“They were perfectly normal.”
“Don’t leave yet, I just—.”
It took him a little longer than usual to get up the stairs (which shouldn’t have surprised him so much), and by the time he made it in the sitting room John was out of breath. He shakily hopped to his armchair and sat down with a tired sigh. Sherlock strutted around the rooms, putting their things away, John’s medicine in the bathroom, placing the wheelchair by the door, and then continued pacing empty handed. John let out another tired sigh and looked up at him.
“We did—.”
“How’s his breathing?”
“Below the hips…” he trailed off and looked away. John’s cheeks only continued to redden, however possible. He sighed and slid his hand to the gown, pulling it away.
“Sh-lock?” He inquired, keeping his eyes downcast.
John kissed him back thoroughly for a few moments before pushing him gently away enough to see his face.
John looked at Willoughby. “You bastard!” He lunged at him, wrapped his hands around his neck, and fell forward to the ground. Willoughby yelped, and although he was just over six feet tall, John kept him under him as he swung his fist over the man’s face, breaking skin across his cheek and jaw with repeated punches.
“This is preferred,” he whispered to his partner. “No matter how dull,” he added.
“Say my name John. Yell it, and it’ll prove to you that it’s me, right here. I’m not in another room, I’m right here.”
“What do you dream about? I want to know every detail…” Sherlock paused, and then finally looked at John, his eyes glistening. “I want to know what you see at night, why you flinch every time I touch you and why
“No—I mean…yes,” Sherlock said. He looked at the ground for a moment and shuffled his feet, before meeting John’s gaze.
John thought shamefully. He cringed, and turned his head away from Sherlock, but Sherlock was quicker and cupped his jaw, tilting it up and keeping it facing him. John lowered his eyes, and then Sherlock tilted his chin more. John squirmed out of his grasp and turned his head away.
Sherlock stood up and wrapped an arm around his lover’s waist. He grabbed his arm and pulled it over his shoulder. Once stable, Sherlock limped to the door and peered out into the hall. They were on the lowest level; water was streaming in from the far end; Sherlock turned and headed down the opposite way. He turned a corner and found a stairway leading to the second floor, presumably below the outside deck.
That evening, John walked to his side of the bed, setting the crutches against the bedside table. Sherlock wasn’t home yet, and John hoped he would be soon; he really wanted to hear about the case, but he was exhausted from his appointments.
John nodded and then continued. “I’m glad you’re back. Furious, but glad. Good night Sherlock.” Without another word John walked up the stairs to his bedroom and closed the door. He leaned back against it and took in a shuddering breath. As if routine kicked in, he got himself ready for bed and slipped into the sheets. He was grateful he was exhausted and didn’t have to have any middle-of-the-night thoughts. He fell asleep instantly.
“…Give him some space.”
John turned his head and faced Sherlock a little to quickly. “What?”
Sherlock ran a hand over his face and sat up. “I suppose that’s a bit not good on one’s anniversary.”
Kim hesitated. “Germany.”
Sherlock woke up to the sound of shuffling beside him. He peaked his eyes open and saw a nurse observing his arm.
The tiniest bit of blush crept on Sherlock’s cheeks. “In the drawer. I’ll get it.” He reached for the drawer and pulled out the tube, then handing it to John. Applying a generous amount of lubricant to his hand, John then took hold of Sherlock’s now fully hard cock. The detective gasped, his eyes fluttering with a spark of pleasure. John grinned and then began to stroke in long gently pulls. Sherlock pressed himself closer to John, and placed his own hand over John’s own cock. Together they slowly applied a rhythmus motion of their hips and hands and rocked…
“The flowers are growing quite nicely,” John remarked a few days later as he walked into the sitting room. John had been spending a great deal of time looking over them, and was even researching some, for whatever reason.
“Ignore it,” John immediately panted out. Sherlock did and continued to pick up his pace. He reached down between them and stroked John’s cock. John arched up against him again, wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back. Sherlock wrapped his other arm underneath John’s and held him close, rubbing their chests together as they pushed against each other.
“John, just drop it. I don’t love you, end of story.”
“I try not to think about them.” John replied in a soft tone, but Sherlock sensed a tense undertone hidden beneath.
Kim reluctantly turned around and sat back down. John looked at Sherlock, furrowing his brows in question.
. I chose you…y-you changed my life. You’re not making any sense right now—.”
John scooted closer to him and wrapped his arm around his shoulders. Sherlock sagged against him and leaned his head against his shoulder.
John—the imposter—choked and attempted to shake his head. “Sher—.”
“That is the case!” Sherlock snapped.
“The hospital—”
“Oh for—turn it—OH” Sherlock exclaimed just as John thrusted harder in him.
“It’ll be quite a while,” Molly said.
“Oh my God.” He choked, tears stinging his eyes.
WARNING: FAKE-major character death situation-FAKE but still here is a warning.
It took him five seconds for Sherlock to look at him, his eyes questioning.
John’s eyes widened at the randomness of where he was. He furrowed his brows again, and Sherlock seemed to have understood why.
Sherlock’s face-hardened and he leaned away, diminishing their contact. “You don’t want to be with me—”
Sherlock glared at the inspector. “Then what do you call this then?”
“I never really got to know him, John,” Victor continued, his eyes softening. “He was colder back then, distant sometimes, more wild and uncontainable. He’s changed. No matter how he tries to insist he’s the same, he’s not. And I’d like to thank you, John.”
“Placing my shoe on,” John explained as he leaned forward and kissed Sherlock. “It’s not mockery, just be flattered.”
“Was sudden,” Victor offered. “I see…”
Enjoy :)
John parted his lips, and Sherlock leaned forward, deepening the kiss with his tongue. He moved his lips against John’s, earning a throaty moan from the man.
“John!” Mary paused and turned around to face him. “I’m the one who committed you, Mycroft just arranged it. It’ll only be six weeks, at most. And if it really makes things worse, I can get you out.”
“Reassuring yourself?”
“Can you not do this tonight?” John interrupted, his tone sounding snappy with irritation. “We argued; we have been since…you know.” John sighed, but didn’t continue.
A slight gasp told John that Sherlock noticed his mess, and he hesitantly leaned away, increasing the space between them. Sherlock stood up and took of his coat and jacket, rolled up his sleeves, and then kneeled back down, closer to John.
“Who will?”
“Just GO—!” John gasped as his left leg stiffened. He tried to lean to the right, but he was already stumbling. He tried to catch himself with the aid, but he continued to fall forward. John faintly heard Sherlock yell his name just as his head collided with the side of the table, knocking him out instantly.
“John?” Sherlock pressed on. The man only muttered a word as his eyes sluggishly closed.
John brought himself back to reality and sighed. He was going crazy…or either having a
“They ran out of it. There were empty boxes in the recycling.”
Sherlock paused and reached forward. John grinned and arched forward, wrapping his stump around Sherlock’s backside and pulling him forward. Sherlock let out a startled gasp and landed on top of him. John tightened his hold and smirked.
Dr. Bailey grinned, like usual. “Good. Now, we’ve talked about your recovery time. How do you think it’s going now?”
Sherlock hummed contently and grazed his lips against John’s neck. The kiss lingered and then the taller man gently nipped at the skin, sucking only for a moment before tenderly licking the area and leaving it with another kiss.
“John…oh God…John.”
“Light brown hair, brown eyes, just about your height. Your quite the resemblance.”
“Oh John…”
Sherlock perked up. He pondered for a long moment, before standing up and gathering his coat. “Do you have privileges outside the building?”
“Do you want to kiss me?” Sherlock asked.
John huffed with disbelief. “It’s your home. Why wouldn’t you—.”
“Why do we have to practice?” John asked. “Isn’t the point of a first dance to be our
Sherlock sighed and nodded. John hurried out of the room, and quickly returned, dressed in fresh pajamas. He wandered to the other side of the bed, and hesitantly got under the blankets, remaining a fair distance from Sherlock.
“I know what trains are. I’m not an idiot.”
“How do you mean?” Sherlock asked quietly as he made his way back to his seat by the bedside.
John and Sherlock exchanged looks.
Sherlock giggled lightly and quickly John joined in, his eyes crinkling with amusement.
John paused to collect his thoughts. This was getting harder than he thought, and although he didn’t want to, he couldn’t think of anything else. This should help them; it’ll give them time to think and process everything without having to worry about the other one. This was needed, and it was the only thing John could think of.
“Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock,” John whispered against his lips.
Sherlock had been baffled for only a second, and Silken had continued talking, hitting a nerve.
John nodded tiredly, but then stilled. He slowly raised his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, and attempted to sit up further, but couldn’t. Sherlock looked at him, and then his eyes widened.
Sherlock came to bed less than half an hour later. John had his back to the door and was looking intently at the wall. As Sherlock climbed in on his side, John turned around and faced the door, his back to Sherlock. Sherlock sighed and pulled the covers over himself.
John nodded, and Willoughby focused back to the screen.
“I have someone working on it now,” Mary said as she left and headed back to the main room where everyone was looking at the screen. Sherlock followed her and read the email up on the screen.
, to put an end to this mind-decaying boredom. His current case wasn’t actually his yet, as the people of Scotland Yard were too stupid to see the connections in these current suicides. So here he was, Sherlock Holmes, at a tedious pub, looking for a man to fuck (or be fucked by, he honestly couldn’t care less).
John didn’t show any sign that he heard him. His screaming became distorted; he was crying out, clutching his shoulder, and moaning as he writhed on the floor. He had gotten on his knees, but remained hunched forward. Sherlock slowly touched John’s back with his fingertips.
Quickly, Sherlock leaned down and captured John's lips against his. He kissed John senselessly; it took him a total of five seconds to realize John was kissing him back. Sherlock snapped his hands up and cupped John’s jaw; John’s hands remained by his sides far too long for Sherlock’s liking, so he reached for his wrists, lifted them up, and placed them onto his hips.
“Nothing. We should have gone to Lucy’s flat first, see what she has there, and then make a comparison. And we may have to wait for the illustration to be finished, which may take hours, since artists are such perfectionist even though lives are at stake—.”
“When did they restock?”
John huffed. “Good enough to leave…”
Sherlock rubbed it soothingly, and started to sit back down, when John’s throat convulsed. He barely had the bucket in front of him before he retched, his shoulders shuddering and his body tensing from the extraneous movement.
*            *            *
“And he doesn’t suspect John? To be the one dismantling the network?”
“Do you want to take it?”
“You can’t lift anything heavy John. Your neck is still healing.” Sherlock reminded him.
John’s eyebrows shot up. “Already?”
Mycroft’s mouth twitched at the corners. “Must I remind you, Sherlock… that caring is not an advantage.”
John chuckled deeply against the detective’s throat. “You can’t hurry love, Sherlock.”
John smiled and pulled Sherlock closer. He kissed him hard and passionately; Sherlock moaned against his lips and deepened the kiss, and then they were stumbling into Sherlock’s chair, their hands not daring to leave the other’s body.
The monitor beeped as the numbers dropped to zero, and Sherlock stared with widened eyes as he saw the heart line become flat.
“Then what are you wait—”
“I’m off to run some errands.”
“John.” Sherlock whispered, already getting ahead of himself.
John huffed at Sherlock’s observation. “Er, yes I just…” he cleared his throat. “I want to show you something.”
John looked at Sherlock, a tear finally escaping. He quickly wiped it away and turned his head. Sherlock stepped forward and gently grazed his blogger’s check and nudged it to face him. He lifted John’s chin up and urged him to raise his eyes. Finally, John looked up, his eyes swimming with tears. He was hurt, and Sherlock felt terrible. They locked their eyes and fell in silence. Sherlock rubbed his thumb affectionately against John’s cheek and in return, the army doctor leaned more into the hold.
~Erin
(if you come across a "Chrissy" or a "Melody", they're supposed to be "Vanessa" and "Mandy".
John nodded with gratitude. “Thank you, for your time and what you had to say. If I have any questions, can I call?”
Getting slightly annoyed, Sherlock shot back. “Should I not?”
“January 29
Oh boy...
“You need to stay hydrated.” Sherlock quickly left the room before John could respond. He returned a minute later, and helped John in a sitting position before handing him the cup. John gulped it down much to his earlier protest, and then sighed back with a slight grimace.
“Sherlock?” John’s tone rose with urgency, but was still calm and gentle.
“Sherlock…”
“It’ll go away eventually. I had meant to take a decent wash but with you joining me, it turned far more leisurely than I planned.” John teased as he leaned into Sherlock’s hold.
Sherlock stilled and glanced at John. “Oh.”
John stared at him, his smile widening. “I like to take the lead now and then.”
“It’s not a problem. I really appreciate it. I’ve got to go now…”
He opened his eyes and squinted. Sherlock was standing in front of him, facing him, with his arms by his side and swaying. He was prepared to catch John if he needed to, but John knew with a heartening sensation that that was unlikely. He was still using the walking aids, but only for walking. He could stand on his own fairly well without them, and really; he only needed them for long distance. That morning he had walked to the shower without an aid, only Sherlock by his side as a precaution—one that Sherlock had insisted on.
“Oh, how rude.” Mary’s smile widened. “I’m Mary Watson.”
“They took your gun, so we’re unarmed—.”
“Someone must have sold their soul to Satan for skills like that,” she muttered. Mycroft didn’t respond to the joke, but Sherlock smirked.
“He’s on his way anyway. Did he say to wait?”
Sherlock slowly withdrew John from his hold and laid him down. John rested against the pillow, wincing from the pain, and breathed in slowly, keeping his mouth parted. His eyes darted from Sherlock and the nurses, not focusing on either of them, as if he didn’t recognize them.
Sherlock looked up at John, and found him smiling at the detective. His face wasn’t as paler, and he looked a lot healthier.
Sherlock nodded. Hesitantly, he sat up and leaned back against the headboard. John eased off of his hips and sat on the edge, feet touching the floor.
Early the next morning, Sherlock woke up to the rain splattering hard against the window. He shifted and turned to face John, and noticed he was still sound asleep.
John flinched and took a step back. That hurt, unexpectedly. “A-are you…” John stuttered.
“My—oh never mind. We—we can’t do it again.”
*            *            *
Sherlock grabbed him above the elbow and kept him from moving. “Where’d you go? John, Moran has a warrant and you ran, you—.”
“Well there is something. While you were napping I—.”
“Do we have any cases?” John asked, changing the subject casually as he made his way to the table, setting his breakfast down, his back facing the doorway.
“Play it for the room.”
Sherlock leaned back, and quickly avoided John’s gaze as he removed his hands and stepped back.
I tend to imagine Harry Watson as Lena Headey/Cersi Lannister, but that's just me.
“We’re on the kitchen table John,” Sherlock reminded him after a moment of silently enjoying the close attention. “You can take you time next time. For now, I want you to fuck me.”
John furrowed his eyebrows. “What’s wrong?” he slurred.
“Yes.” Sherlock replied.
?” Harry asked, her brows furrowed furiously, her hands clenched into fists. To Sherlock, she resembled just like John is whenever he and Sherlock had a row because of his tantrums, sulks, or messy experiments lying around in the kitchen. God he missed those days.
“But the evidence—.”
Tiredly, he paused in front of the door, and even having heard the door being locked, he turned it anyway. It didn’t budge.
“What?”
John managed a small shrug. “Been better. Can you tell me again, what you were saying?”
“Is he all right?”
John raised his eyebrows. “Oh.”
“The doctors are not sure how long he was unconscious for, without oxygen,” Mycroft began. “They’re not sure yet about his brain function, and will be running an EEG and an MRI in the morning.”
“I’ll tell you mine, if you still want to know,” John said. “But I need to know…do you have them about…” John tilted his head toward his residual limb, implying the obvious.
“Do you want something for the pain?” Margaret asked.
John lay still beside him. He was cooler, but Sherlock didn’t know how long he would stay that way.
“I’m sure.”
“Could you—”
“Is there something else?” Willoughby asked gently.
Sherlock stayed by John’s bed, their hands intertwined whilst the army doctor slept. Doctor Shepherd had checked in and informed Sherlock that if John’s vitals improve, he could be discharged by next week. That was when Sherlock realized he didn’t know exactly where could he go. John needed someone to look after him for weeks to come, and wherever he was currently staying at simply won’t do. It wouldn’t feel like home. So despite their bitter conversation an hour ago, Sherlock texted Mycroft and agreed to have his people work in locating Moran as well as clearing Sherlock’s name and easing their way back to Baker Street. Mycroft had kept the flat and paid the rent as soon as he found out Sherlock was alive; Mrs. Hudson didn’t know yet, but Sherlock thought to break it to her once he needed clean clothes for John. Mycroft’s men would transfer John’s belongings to Baker Street, to make the move easier, and would only be a matter of days before the pair can head back home, together. But now, John slept, after almost—literally (as Sherlock saw it)— dying in the detective’s arms.
Sherlock twisted from the man’s grasp and stepped in front of John.
Sherlock paused, with clear impatience. John inhaled slowly, and then continued.
“What!?”
In late March 2014, Sherlock had come back from the dead, taking John by surprise. He had been furious, but slowly things began to settle between them. One thing Sherlock noticed but never brought up was the fact that John never left his sight. From then on to the middle of summer, John would barely be gone for half an hour. After they had finally gotten together, John had confessed—somewhat—and said he had been afraid he’d be gone too long and Sherlock would disappear, and his miracle would become a nightmare. Sherlock had held him tightly, assuring him until they both fell asleep that he was staying for good, and had no intention of his leaving his friend alone again.
There was one about an inch and a half long cutting the middle of his left eyebrow and up to his forehead. It was thin, but clearly had been deep enough for stitches. Diagonally below it and by the corner of his eyes, there was a thicker one, yet shorter, that stopped just onto of the cheekbone. There were a couple of scratches next to it that were almost completely healed. John realized he must have covered his face, since there were more scars on his forearms. Most of the scars on his face were on the sides. On the other side, there was a long one—about two inches—starting on his cheekbone and going down his cheek towards the corner of his mouth. It was also surrounded by faded scratches, and a there were a few more along his temple. John’s eyes flickered up, and saw the faded scar from brain surgery, nearly covered with hair, but it was uneven with the rest of it. The surgical scar stood out as a circle just above his forehead. On his neck, John faintly registered thin scars, almost like pecks, but still deep enough for stitches. All of the scars were a faded pink, the smaller ones closer to his skin color, yet lighter.
“It’s not good Sherlock. Not the worse either, but otherwise, not the best.”
Sherlock nodded, and then in one fluid motion, stood up from the bed, leaned forward, and picked John up, bridal style, into his arms. John gasped at the sudden change, but managed to keep still as Sherlock altered his weight. He leaned against Sherlock’s chest and laughed.
“That’s not it.” Sherlock interrupted with another snap. “I was tracking Moran back to London. And then I caught sight of you and…it was all telling. It was obvious that you were struggling and sick with something. The medical tests just confirmed it.”
Sherlock had overlooked that little detail.
John sat down at the table with his own cup and looked up at him. “Tea, though it’s not the new one you like.
Sherlock nodded. “Okay, but not yet. I’ll ask him what he thinks…”
John showered thoroughly and slowly, taking his time and making sure he didn’t fall. He didn’t want his next encounter with his lover to be because he had fallen again. He carefully dried himself off and dressed, and then entered the kitchen hesitantly.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock didn’t respond. He finished with the brace, and then stood up and went to the kettle. John watched his eyes flicker from the kettle to John’s cup of tea, and then Sherlock relaxed his shoulders.
Dr. Grey and Dr. Hunt  belong to Shonda Rhimes, though I just took their names not really their characters.
Sherlock stuttered. “Now? You don’t want to wait until dinner?”
“The last time you were…this distant, was the day you fell.”
“Um, excuse me lads,” Lestrade interrupted. “Congratulations to the both of you, but I just got a call of a murder in an apartment complex. Locked doors and windows, I’d say it could be a wedding present.”
John was mesmerized by the attention, when Sherlock trailed his hand down John’s leg to hold him still. He had done it many times, every time actually, whenever he went down on John. But he hadn’t done so in the past month. John stilled slightly, allowing Sherlock to move his legs accordingly, but then his hand cupped the back of John’s right knee.
Sherlock hovered by the bed for a moment, and then left, closing the bathroom door behind him.
“Why don’t you? It’s the truth, unless you’re in serious denial about it all and decide to ignore the facts. Who could blame you? I sure didn’t see it at first.”
Sherlock inhaled sharply and hopped off the bed. He turned around and ran a shaky hand through his curls as he paced a few steps. He stepped closers to John’s bed and then took John’s hands in his own, squeezing them tightly.
Sherlock sat back in his seat and looked at John, his face dawning with realization. “You knew someone with Alzheimer’s. A family member.”
“You’re not hurt are you?”
“John Watson, you are the bravest, kindest, wisest human being that I’ve had the good fortune of knowing. It took me so long to accept the fact that you will never leave, and I walked to you today for the first time in more than a year, and I’ve never been prouder of myself. Everything—as much as I can, I’ll do it from here on out, and will be for you, and will be for us.”
Halfway to the doctor’s office, Sherlock froze in his seat and turned to John. John waited and watched him carefully. Sherlock’s face slowly relaxed to a familiar expression, and then to confusion, then to realization.
“Mhm?”
“I know. It’s really not your fault, not entirely. Just… don’t do it again.”
preferred that—John had been crying out to fellow soldiers, clearly hallucinating the first time he had been shot. He had called out for James Sholto, had cried in pain when the paramedics and nurses lifted him from the gurney onto the hospital bed, which then he cried out to Sherlock. Sherlock would never forget the amount of pain John’s eyes glistened with—that, he did not prefer.
Sherlock bit his lip, and attempted to divert the conversation. “I guess I won’t be able to give you any hand jobs.”
watsonsanatomy.tumblr.com
“Oh, Lucy I—.” John cut himself off, and glanced at the two women. “Would you like some tea?”
“Well I—my grandfather had Alzheimer’s.”
“You’re nowhere near done with whatever it is you have planned. Don’t let ordinariness scare you away,” Sherlock shot back coldly.
have a story?”
He looked behind him to see Sherlock back onto his back, his eyes closed and his head bleeding. He was clearly unconscious. John rounded to the man, furious, and lunged at him. One fist to his head, and he was knocked out.
Sherlock spun on his heel and glared at him. “You
The man in question whimpered and opened his mouth to speak. “S-Sheryl?”
“Donovan and other officers found where the gunman was; just across the street, up on the top balcony. They found the shell casings but no sign of him yet.” Lestrade informed him.
Tags have changed a bit.
“Will he wake up?”
“Well at least you’re in a different spot then when I left.” He muttered.
WARNING: Descriptions of violence, blood. Vague thoughts/acts of suicide.
John shrugged and shook his head. “Hmm, sss-i—.”
“…Just to bring me tea…” Sherlock repeated.
John sighed, but allowed him to continue. Sherlock reopened his eyes and fixated them on his brother, and fortunately all he found was serious concern, nothing of brotherly compassion.
“Not a pediatrics one. I probably have more knowledge than she does.” John said, looking away and focused studiously at the floor.
John smiled. “Don’t worry about it. I can take care of it later.” He leaned forward to kiss him, but Sherlock held his hand up against his shoulder, keeping him back.
John yawned and shifted his bed up to greet him. The small man shook his right hand, and then sat down in Sherlock’s chair.
“Did you just wash me twice because you didn’t want to wake me?” Sherlock asked in an accusing but slightly amused tone.
“You don’t want a wash?” Sherlock offered.
“So he’s going to be fine?”
The army doctor stumbled out of his seat and shakily stood up. He took one last look at the two men, eyes wide and prickling with tears, and then he turned on his heel and ran, leaving his jacket and lover behind.
Sherlock sat up steadily and leaned against the armrest. “Go on and get it out. That’s the reason you came here, after all. You’re not here just to check in.”
“Breathe John, breathe for me.”
“That was ridiculous, that was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“It’s Moriarty.”
Sherlock smiled hesitantly, but it was strained, and then he continued. “You had a fever at first, but then it went away for a bit; Dr. Robbins thinks it’s an infection, but their still running tests. They did after surgery but couldn’t identify it. A fever for two days is worrying, but it’s still relatively a low one…” Sherlock trailed off and looked down.
Sherlock inhaled deeply. “John.” He spoke stronger, as if not in any pain, and lifted his head to look at the stairs. He dropped his head and looked at his lover. “The sniper’s gone. Okay, go ahead and drag me into that room.”
Mycroft stepped into the waiting room and silently sat down next to Sherlock.
“I’ll be quick,” Mycroft said.
John smirked as he leaned in and pressed his lips softly against Sherlock’s. Sherlock gasped against John’s lips. The kiss was gently and closed for a few moments, before John parted his lips slightly. Sherlock deepened the kiss and pressed forward; John let out a low moan, and quickly reciprocated, swirling his tongue against Sherlock’s and sucking lightly on his lower lip.
“Name?” Sherlock asked coldly.
“Don’t touch me!” He yelled.
John huffed but then winced. “Exhausted. And confused. I’m not…really sure what happened.”
It was all getting tedious. John didn’t have anyone to talk to, and the ones who wanted him to talk,
“John stop, you need to, I need…” Sherlock’s mind went blank.
“Yes.”
It was noon, when John’s phone rang. Sherlock hadn’t move one bit, but the second John hung up, he looked over his shoulder, slightly raising an eyebrow.
,” he said with disgust.
“And that’s understandable—.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here. I’m here for you John.”
A movement behind Sherlock caught John’s eye and his breathing hitched, as his eyes grew unfocused. He kept his gaze beyond Sherlock’s head and his whole body tensed. Sherlock pressed a hand on John’s right shoulder, squeezing it gently.
John shifted roughly on the bed behind him. Sherlock hovered over him and pressed the back of his hand to John’s forehead.
John looked around. The room wasn’t that big, so the options were limited.
“I need to feel you.”
“Then why continue his plan? Why not just stay hidden?”
John nodded again, and smiled a little bit bigger to show his gratitude as Victor closed and locked the window. The tall man exhaled softly and then sat down in Sherlock’s chair. John straightened up a bit and placed his hands on his knees. He kept his gaze on the floor, and started to feel a little uncomfortable with the quiet.
“Do whatever you need to do. I need to go. I need to see John.”
“Do you want me to go with you?” Sherlock asked, uncertainty creeping softly in his tone.
“John, don’t stutter. It isn’t appealing of you.” Said the familiar nagging voice from the man in front of him.
“All right everyone, we’re done here.”
be alone. I’ll make sure of it John. We’ll…we’ll see each other soon…”
uncanny the waiter was; he only had prominent cheekbones and curly hair to show for it. That had been all to set John off, and end him up here in a cell at Scotland Yard for the rest of the night.
“What is it?”
Sherlock remained impassive. “Tell me Mary: was John the target, or was it me?”
John drew a sharp intake of air. “I’m sick. I’m sick…  th-there’s something physically w-wrong with me…” John stuttered, anger rising in his chest.
, Sherlock told himself.
“No signal on mine,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and took John’s hand reassuringly. John grinned at him and squeezed his hand.
“John…” he choked. John leaned forward and captured his lips in a sloppy kiss. He tilted his head and readjusted the angle, and deepened the kiss. Sherlock kissed him back desperately, trailing his hands down his face and cradling his jaw. John clung to his shirt, bringing him as close as possible.
“Small details can complete a puzzle. You didn’t turn off your recorder.”
For updates, check my tumblr: maeerin.tumblr.com
“Sherlock’s fine,” he insisted.
“It…might be too late.”
*            *            *
“I wasn’t alone, I had Harry.”
Sherlock cringed. His voice had turned serious, and he had an idea what was coming just as John started to speak.
“Yes.” John replied quickly. “I trust him. Despite what he has done, I still bloody trust him, with my life. He’s going to find me.”
Sherlock smirked and leaned forward to whisper in his ear. “And what are you planning to do?”
“They take too long to put on!” Sherlock snapped. “There must be something else you can do, he’s…” Sherlock trailed, his voice suddenly becoming shaky. He cleared his throat, and continued, fortunate neither of them had spoken above him.
November 5
Sherlock knelt down and looked at John. He placed his hand over John’s and squeezed it.
“What it is?” She asked as she hurried to John.
Sherlock glared at him for the nauseating reminder.
Nothing happens to me
“You might be discharged today,” he informed.
This time, Kim hesitated and furrowed her brows. “I don’t have a sister.”
“He was arrested and logged in at 5:30 PM. He was arrested at Sumatra Road, where there was a bomb in an abandoned train car. The consultant on my team was there, as one of your computer analyst.”
“When—er, when will he be having surgery?”
“No.” Sherlock attempted to continue walking, but John held his stance, however uneven, and didn’t follow Sherlock. Sherlock turned around, his face serious and his eyes hardening with a glare. “I’m not leaving you, John. That’s not something I’m even going to consider.”
…John thought. Sherlock brought his attention back, when he realized Sherlock wasn’t continuing.
John trembled and stepped back further, their contact agonizingly diminishing. He raised a hand as if telling Sherlock to hold. “Just give me a minute…”
John’s smile faltered slightly, but he wasn’t facing Sherlock. He inhaled gently, willing himself to cheer up. He softened his expression, cleared his throat, and sat on the edge of the bed, directing his gaze to Sherlock.
John’s heartbeat pounded in his ears with dread. He wasn’t entirely sure he could handle a rejection, or whatever Sherlock’s reasoning may be.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock dismissed as he observed John’s body. His gaze flickered to his legs, and he stared at the familiar scene for a few seconds before slowly meeting John’s gaze. John noticed his body was trembling, but wasn’t sure if from the cold or from the sight of him underneath the rubble.
Neither of them spoke for several hours. Sherlock would never admit it, and only allowed himself this once to be grateful for his brother’s presence. It was oddly comforting not being alone while he waited.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and furrowed his eyebrows in concentration. He took two steps forward, paused, and then two more. He inhaled sharply as he nearly collapsed into the chair. He tensely shuffled around as he rearranged himself to sit down. His eyes flickered with frustration and, likely because of that, he shoved John away the second he was seated. John, startled, stumbled backwards.
“Why would I do that?”
“Hang on, I’ve still got questions,” the inspector exclaimed.
John let out a shudder and hunched his shoulders. He ran a hand over his face, but then froze. His fingers grazed something that felt like swollen skin, something slightly raw and recently healed. He hadn’t truly felt it before—he usually just scratched his chin from stubble, and that was it.
He pushed the walker forward, and then focused on his feet, urging himself to move. He shifted his right foot an inch, and exhaled with disbelief. He leaned forward against the walker, and attempted again.
“Just-just a sore nerve. I hadn’t moved it all day, it’s fine—,”
Sherlock stilled and his eyes fluttered opened. John gave him a welcoming grin. “You okay?”
“No.”
“Lucy, how are you?” John greeted as he led the young woman in.
“Yeah I know, I’m just—.”
At the lab, Sherlock immediately busied himself, reaching for the medications from one of the boxes. There weren’t that many bottles, just what was expected from an elderly couple.
Just as he was about to inform his brother, the door opened, and Mycroft walked in.
“Yes,” Sherlock said deeply. The man gently dipped into Sherlock’s entrance and fully settled him in without moving too much. Sherlock adjusted and then rocked backwards, causing a moan from the man’s lips.
“Do you have names?”
“I’ll have to do your legs,” Sherlock said.
Nobody said anything; Sherlock scoffed and began pacing around the victims.
The army doctor straightened up, a thought occurring. “If you don’t love me Sherlock, if you don’t love me
Sherlock let his hand drop. “It hurt, but yes, part of it was for show.”
A medical person tilted John’s head to the side and held his neck as steady as possible to ensure he wouldn’t choke; others held him as stable as they could while he seized.
“I love you, Sherlock,” he said, before placing a wet, passionate kiss on Sherlock’s kissed-swollen lips.
On the way home, John went through every hiding spot of Sherlock’s that he knew of. Fortunately, he didn’t have to look for long when Mrs. Hudson called him to let him know Sherlock was home.
“Oh.”
John shook his head and clenched his jaw.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed slightly, and then relaxed. “Both.”
With a groan Sherlock lay back down onto the sofa, turned away from John, and curled into a tight ball, drawing his knees up to his chest and moaning into the cushion.
Taking in a shuddering breath, the detective spoke, keeping his gaze above John’s head. “I’m…scared to want you John. Yet here I am, wanting you anyway. I’m going to screw this up—I’m not good at relationships, yet here I am. I want this.”
John looked up to the inspector but didn’t say anything. Lestrade stood still in the room, silent. Sherlock realized he was alone and appeared to be uncomfortable.
Sherlock remained silent. He wheeled to the sofa and lifted himself into it. He lay down and rested his hands under his chin, wanting to just think. John didn’t protest, and sat down in the armchair across from him. He opened up the morning newspaper and started to read, oblivious to Sherlock battling his desire to do anything but sit still. But he couldn’t.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock snapped. He cringed at his tone, and avoided John’s gaze. John helped him back into his chair, and turned off the shower. He stopped in his tracks, and Sherlock glanced up, finding John staring at his wrist.
“Then I chose you,” Sherlock responded immediately. John’s eyes widened slightly and flickered with uncertainty. Sherlock leaned forward closer until he was breathing against John’s lips. He looked up into John’s blue eyes, and raised an eyebrow.
“You were affected. By all this,” John stated matter-of-factly, realizing it as he spoke. He hadn’t wanted to; he knew Sherlock cared, but he hadn’t wanted to cause him distress.
John opened his mouth but he suddenly coughed. He arched his back against the flat bed, and grimaced at the pain. Sherlock quickly filled up a cup of water, and set it down before standing and rising over John.
