He mulls over Victors cryptic comment all the way home and for several days after. It’s true, he wants more from John, but maybe more is impossible in this stage of their lives, after all they’ve put each other though. They are friends and lovers. They belong to each other. He shouldn’t complain just because John isn’t perpetually within arms’ reach, that Sherlock isn’t the sole focus of his existence.
fascinated with Mycroft's arse… Look, did you ever make inappropriate overtures to him while he was underage?" he demands.
Sherlock does as he’s told, trusting John’s tactical mind to get him out of this. They get him out in the frigid air and the ringleader moves a few paces ahead, on his mobile. Letting someone know they’re coming or calling for transport.
“You have started it. So have I. Just because we haven’t gotten up doesn’t mean the day hasn’t begun.”
John sighs theatrically and settles in as his friend’s eyes go glassy before him, looking through John and focusing on something either very far away or, more likely, deep inside his own head.
"Sherlock, are you sure about this?" John asks, nervously. His eyes are bloodshot - she’s been teething.
“Have it your way, you mad wanker,” John mumbles at Sherlock’s unhearing figure. He’s not sure how much time passes, but the next thing he knows Sherlock’s mouth is to his ear barking his name unnecessarily loudly, and it’s dark outside.
Keeping his eyes screwed firmly shut he lets his mind drift back to a place and time he’s spent two years trying to leave, until he’s no longer in 221B Baker Street, no longer feeling the steady heartbeat of his lover beneath him or smelling the moist and pungent aftermath of their sex surround them like a cocoon.
He grabs John's arm, not daring to say as much aloud, not with the perfume-sprayer still on board. He taps the letters out hurriedly.
Carefully John rolled off of Sherlock and on to his back, catching his breath. Sherlock propped himself up on one arm and gazed at John almost shyly. John ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair. Neither spoke for awhile. At last, Sherlock offered, “I’ve never let anyone do that before, you know.”
“I really don’t want to have to put you unconscious as well,” he tells her quietly. “But I will if I have to.”
“This is very flattering,” John tells him. “But I think you may be overstating things a little bit. We work well together. I don’t mind saying he’s my best friend. But Sherlock hardly needs me. Besides, he may be difficult but I’m sure he’s had other flatmates and friends at some point in his life.”
Then he feels John’s hand on his arms, squeezing with equal pressure. “But,” he says huskily, “I think maybe we can start over.”
Finally it was quiet inside his head. Sherlock supposed he must have fallen asleep; certainly his body didn’t seem to be of any consequence at the moment, but he felt like he was thinking clearly for the first time in days. He knew he’d overdone it and had been a bit concerned at first that he’d gone too far, even for him. But the worst had passed, and he was aware of a cool sensation, radiating from his forehead that seemed to suffuse his whole being and bring clarity. He was floating. He felt like a balloon, like he might just drift up and away from everything if he weren’t tethered somehow. It was a paltry little string that held him, he could break it if he wanted to and fly off, but he didn’t want to right now. Now he wanted to think.
Sherlock murmurs something into the back of his head, so softly John is not even sure he has heard him. “
"Ignore everything outside. Ignore everything but what I tell you to do and we will survive this," Sherlock says with more surety than he feels. "Now, what is a myelin sheath?"
Sherlock shakes his head and pulls away. “I’m being very selfish now, John. More selfish than I think I have ever been. I thought of how hard it would be to be alone for so long, how you might move on and forget me, find a woman, get married, by the time I got back. I thought if I was gone too long you might not forgive me. And I decided that mattered more to me than your safety. You should hate me for this.”
This state of half-life between them persists for more than a week, until Sherlock can stand it no longer. He needs John. He barely held onto sanity over the past year, was pushed to his limits in his attempt to root out Moriarty’s network, had been tortured, starved, and forced to do things even he has to admit were extremely distasteful. Through it all, the thought that had sustained him was coming home to John. And now home isn’t home and John isn’t John, and it’s all wrong.
It hurts, to be considered a liability, a distraction. But at the same time John is touched, realising that Sherlock is admitting just how important John is to him.
John leaves early in the morning, making one last ditch effort to impress his upcoming absence upon Sherlock’s brain on the way out the door. Sherlock is deep in some experiment and doesn’t respond.
“I said no. I am not interested in getting washed or changed or doing anything else you tell me unless you give me a reason.”
“I’m yours, too. I’ll try to remember that. I can’t promise about the danger because I don’t… I don’t always realise what I’m doing, what it looks like to other people. But I’ll try. And you can keep me as long as you like.”
Sherlock find himself also shaking and sweating nervously, and he's not sure he can blame it all on the drug. "If you miss..." he says.
stupid. I know what you were doing – is it really worth a life in prison to avenge all those inconsequential slights?”
He was running out of air. He couldn’t stay down much longer. But he knew if he went back up he would lose any chance of saving his friend. The water was too deep here, and the night too dark. He would never find him. Stubbornly he pushed on. At last, by chance, his fingers snagged something. Wool. A jumper. John. He pulled toward himself with all his strength. He was able to get one long arm around John’s midsection, and then kicked as hard as he could up to the surface.
someone….why someone like little old me! We’d make a great team, don’t you think? Well, in a sense we already do…We have such a long and
“You look like a beacon in the North Sea,” Sherlock replies, fervently, glad to be speaking a language he understands again.
Justin, the son of Victor’s cook, is pulling manfully at the oars of the alarmingly rickety rowboat. Home from uni for the Christmas holidays he has, if it’s possible, grown into even more of a behemoth than when John had seen him last. He’d gladly agreed to help Victor smuggle John out of the castle and some ways up the coast, saying he needed the workout in any case.
“I punched him in the stomach,” John said, a little smugly. Sherlock gave that little private smile he had when he was very pleased about something, and John filled him in on the events since he had left London. Sherlock seemed very nearly impressed with John’s accomplishments and listened with remarkably few interruptions.
Sherlock coughs several times and carefully gets up with some help from John. He winces when he stands and John can see his right ankle is hurt, but Sherlock ignores it stoically.
"Pull yourself together, Watson," he mutters, shaking it off. Letting a ballroom full of people who share some recessive genes make him feel inferior is just too much. He turns his soldier's eye to the room and scans it for signs of his target. She's easy enough to spot; a head taller than most of the other women and more than a few of the men, wearing a stunning cobalt gown which highlights a figure that can only be described as impressive. Her coppery hair is twisted into a high bun and then left to cascade halfway down her back.
” he repeats. “Look at you, breathing and pulse elevated, cheeks flushed…you’re aroused. Don’t try to lie to me.”
“And this is bound up in a complex molecule. You did test for free mercury and its simple compounds?”
John’s hips buck beneath Sherlock, and the sensation of thrusting, of swelling hardness rubbing against him, separated only by a few layers of cloth, is a physical shock and a deep groan escapes his lips. John puts a hand to Sherlock’s face, caressing a cheekbone and running fingers through the inky black of his hair. His face is still pained, but also determined and focused and something else, shining there, that Sherlock can’t quite decipher.
Mycroft continued. “Moriarty…he had set a trap for Sherlock. If Sherlock did not admit he was a fraud publicly and kill himself, Moriarty had men with irrevocable orders to shoot and kill you. And Mrs. Hudson. And Greg - er, Detective Inspector Lestrade. That’s why he did it. And that’s why he hasn’t contacted you. The orders are still out there, Moriarty’s network is still active even if he is dead. If he had let you know, let anyone know he was still alive before he took care of Moriarty’s henchmen and cleared his name, you would be killed.”
Lestrade groaned. “I’m going to hear about this when I get home…” he muttered. “But fine. Just this once, you understand?”
John coughs and shifts guiltily. “So I was thinking, do you want to get some dinner? All we’ve in is that leftover steak and kidney pie that is starting to look suspicious.”
Too soon, Sherlock breaks away from John, leaving him craving more. “Turn over,” he orders, sharp desire glinting in his grey eyes. John understands what he wants and obeys with only the smallest of hesitations, laying spread-eagle on his stomach, waiting. He has never felt so exposed, so completely vulnerable before, and trembles a little though he is not afraid.
“Is that really all you think of? Yes, John is all right. For a given value of all right in which the person in question has had their life destroyed by their nearest and dearest. He won’t go off on his own again, so I hope you get what you need from this.”
John takes it all in silently, for long enough that Sherlock begins to worry in earnest. He can't read John's expression and isn't sure if his touch would be welcome.
times, including at least five times after he was dead, probably can keep his head well enough to remember not to leave the doubtless fingerprint-ridden knife for the police to find. Don’t you agree?”
John sighs, suddenly tired. “Maybe not. But that doesn’t mean I don’t want some normal things once in awhile. Living with you is like being caught up in a bubble of insanity, and it’s fun and exciting and dangerous, but sometimes I need to remind myself that that’s not what most of life is actually like.”
Christmas present.” John grins as he sees Sherlock’s eyelids flutter involuntarily in response, and heads downstairs.
“Lots of rules,” Sherlock adds grimly, arms crossed and pistol still in hand. “And possibly some target practice.”
“Occasionally,” John replies calmly. “The drugs could have done some reorganising up there. But I was actually referring to your extreme intelligence, powers of memory and observation, your synaesthesia, and all the other things that make your mind unique. Sherlock, your brain isn’t like anyone else’s in the world. There’s no reason to think it would react like it. The Baskerville drug… it’s a possibility.”
“Oh, it’s not a game. It’s very serious. And I’ll answer, even though you refuse to ask it.” She put her perfectly lined lips close to his ear and whispered, “Yes.”
"I would never have let it get any farther, no matter what you asked me to do. And if you don't believe that, then we have a problem."
Sherlock snorts. “Oh please. Mycroft only worries about my bringing undying shame to the family and messing up his little political schemes. Mrs. Hudson is a foolish old woman who misses her children and mistakes me for one of them. Lestrade has to keep me alive because he’d be lost without me. Don’t confuse any of that for caring, John.”
John laughed, and pulled Sherlock back to him, encircling his waist with his arms. “There’s no rush!” he told him, kissing him again, revelling in the feel of Sherlock’s slender body in his grasp.
"Yes, you're physically attractive, wealthy, not entirely dim-witted, and you own your own castle." Sherlock says dryly. "What dregs of the earth would be interested in you?"
John feels the burden that’s been weighing on him today lift as he’s reminded of why he’s here, why it’s worth living with this insane, impossible man. “Thanks. That was… good.”
John drained his too-strong coffee. Best get out of town as soon as possible. There’d be plenty of time to mull over Sherlock’s puzzle on the train. Then, once he had whatever blasted thing was in the deposit box, on to Finland to find Moran and hopefully Sherlock. He shivered. He was going to need some warmer clothes.
It’s barely a tick past noon when they hear the bell and the sound of Mrs. Hudson letting in their guest. A short, nervous-looking man with a shock of the reddest hair John has ever seen enters, hyperventilating. Before John can even stand to greet him or offer him some water he bursts out in a rush of words, “Oh, thank God! I think someone is planning to kill me!” and collapses in a heap on their sitting room floor.
Sherlock’s nostrils flare and his eyes scan, unfocused, not getting it. “Are you angry because I got you injured?”
“I am well aware of that,” Mycroft sniffed. “But you have it, whether you like it or not. You know, even with all my influence we won’t be able to hold him forever. He’s got too many friends, too much money, too many people who owe him. I can’t just make him disappear, at least not for very long, not unless I get something concrete out of him. Is there anything I should know?”
“You see it now, don’t you?” Mycroft continues, sounding almost compassionate. “You must let him move on, accept that no matter how willing you are to be there for him, he may not be able to be there for you. That’s implicit in whatever foolish promises you’ve made to him. And likely the only way you’ll be allowed in his life at all.”
Sherlock forced himself not to recoil, not to give a hint of fear, as Moran advanced on him. “There’s just one thing I’ve always been curious about,” he said casually.
“Likely,” Sherlock agrees. “However, as you pointed you’re fine and I’m not hallucinating, fearful, or aggressive.”
“Christ, I was right…” John repeats barely believing it. He grabs the papers from Victor’s hand and pages through them.
“I suppose you could say that…” This is not actually the weirdest conversation John has ever had with Sherlock, but it’s starting to crack the top five.
“So, explain to me again what we are doing here,” he asks his glowering friend cheerfully, sipping his second…third…glass of good vintage champagne.
“I thought if I could I understand the music, I could know what it means. But it doesn’t seem to matter how I play it, or how much, it makes less sense every time. What does it mean, John?”
"You should talk," Greg mutters, holstering his weapon. "You'd better have a bloody good reason for breaking in here."
“That one’s redundant. And I believe I warned you at the outset, John. Besides I think I should be congratulated for making a rather large exception for your offspring.”
He suspects this is how Sherlock is restoring himself emotionally after extreme prolonged stress, as the sleep and food are repairing him physically. John is also in need of rest and refreshment, far more so than he had thought, as focused on Sherlock’s wellbeing as he had been. This is certainly doing the trick. Sherlock may not view it as a much needed time of bonding and reaffirmation, but as he has just spent the better part of two days going over his friend so thoroughly that there is no chance he’s missed even a micrometre of John’s body, he wouldn’t have much luck denying it either.
Normally John would revel in the sight of Sherlock speechless, but now it’s a hollow victory. Sherlock is fairly quaking with rage and John hopes he’ll explode, that they can have it out now, for real, with words or fists or whatever they need to do to break down the wall that Sherlock’s put up between them.
Sherlock manages to contain himself for the rest of the night and part of the next morning, until they are sitting at breakfast, finishing the last of the coffee. John is paging through the paper when Sherlock decides he can't take it anymore.
John throws his head back and swears under his breath, completely undone, feeling like Sherlock is taking him apart piece by piece. He surrenders to it, gasping Sherlock’s name as he feels the climax swelling, insistent this time, refusing to be denied. John tightens his hold on Sherlock’s neck. “I…can’t…” he manages, but Sherlock only redoubles his efforts, licking John’s head vigorously until he can take it no more. He comes in Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock surrounding him, swallowing him down, lapping him up.
John gasps at the new sensation, sharp and sweet and intensely pleasurable as he feels Sherlock slowly working his way inside him, carefully but relentlessly. He is completely in Sherlock’s power and can do, wants to do, nothing but submit to it as one finger becomes two, then three, turning him inside out.
REMEMBER EVERY TIME WE TOOK A SCAN, YOUR AUDITORY AND VISUAL CENTRES SEEM TO BE WORKING NORMALLY, OVERACTIVE EVEN? WELL THAT WAS THE CASE THIS TIME TOO, EXCEPT THAT WHEN YOU SAW ME, CERTAIN ACTIVITY IN YOUR FRONTAL AND TEMPORAL LOBES DROPPED OFF, AND ACTIVITY IN YOUR VISUAL CORTEX DECREASED SLIGHTLY TOO.
John is quickly asleep again, and the next time he wakes sunlight is pouring through the back window and Sherlock is gone. John is briefly alarmed, but relaxes when he hears the sounds of human life stirring in the kitchen. He stumbles out of bed and into the next room, where he is greeted by Sherlock, a mug of tea, and two aspirin.
Sherlock's caught unprepared the swiftness and strength of John's kiss, crashing into his lips, teeth nearly colliding, thrusting his tongue fiercely down Sherlock's throat before Sherlock can even respond, as if John is suddenly trying to climb inside of him.
John feels his climax begin to swell with this additional stimulation and makes no attempt to delay it, rutting back urgently against Sherlock and working himself more deeply into his large, dextrous hand by turns. He feels Sherlock’s tongue along his spine now, and the taller man is mouthing words into his skin that he can’t decipher but knows are urging him on.
"Yeah. Yeah, I know." For the first time in the conversation John’s hold on his emotions slips and he's nearly overwhelmed.
"You'd be surprised," Sherlock tells him, bending down to kiss the back of his neck with gusto. "But it does appear more elaborate than it needs to be. I believe this is a test run. As you've noted, the Society for Ginger Advancement has a lot of wealthy and high profile people in it, as well as people like Bryant - at first glance, unimportant, but actually holding a key position that can prove incredibly useful.
John’s heart leaps into his throat as Sherlock pushes him gently, insistently into the edge of the counter.
Sherlock swallows. “I suppose the appropriate word would be angry. And… afraid…” he adds reluctantly.
“Don’t know yet. Now are you ever going to get us something to eat or do I have to miss tea as well?”
Sherlock snorts with an ironic edge, then frowns deeply. “I don’t like that,” he tells John firmly. “There were too many variables. What if something had gone wrong? There wasn’t one chance in a million that everything would work out perfectly to bring you back to the correct place and time that would result in us being here now. It’s unacceptable.”
John lets Victor sit there as long as he wants, saying nothing. Finally Victor composes himself, wiping his eyes and nose with a pocket-handkerchief. He sits up straight and runs a hand through his copper hair.
John is surprised how quickly this brief description is able to make him hard again, but he decides not to question it and pulls the taller man over to him, wrapping his arms around him and beginning to ravish the elegant neck while he throws a leg over Sherlock’s hip, forcing them tight against each other. He’s just about to reach a hand between them when there is a sudden gasp from the hall.
John forces himself to relax, to bite back the anger and jealousy that makes him want to storm out of the room and leave Sherlock there, exposed and unfulfilled. He knows he should reward Sherlock for making the right choice, prioritizing him, but what he really wants is to punish Sherlock for the fact that he would even consider doing something different, that he even has to fight the urge to come running at her call. For the fact that he’s left his phone on, for the fact that he’s never changed that damned text alert, for the fact of the woman’s existence at all.
“See? Easy. Next time you have a prisoner who has mysteriously managed to escape from his bonds, may I suggest you call for back-up?” He glanced up at the ceiling, spotting the mostly likely place for the camera to be. “I’ll just take tea, thanks,” he said, smiling at it.
John tells him in his ear. The speed with which Sherlock manages to get them out of the building and procure them a taxi is nothing short of miraculous.
Sherlock is downright predatory. He pounces on John when he walks in the door, when he gets out of bed, when he gets into the shower, when he gets out of the shower, when he makes tea, when Sherlock has a brilliant idea, when Sherlock has no ideas, and, especially and inevitably, every time John attempts to walk out the door to go anywhere else. It’s not that John has no interest in initiating things himself, it’s just that if there is a moment that could possibly be used for sex, Sherlock has already tackled him. John is patient, assuming Sherlock’s appetites will calm eventually, at least a little, and tries to stay hydrated.
“John, come down here for a moment, would you?” Sherlock calls up the stairs, perhaps a bit louder than necessary.
There was a deep silence between them. John took a rare moment to examine his own feelings. He liked girls. He had never been confused on that point. But he couldn’t deny his relationship to Sherlock went beyond mere friendship. He just wasn’t sure what that meant. They had gone from being strangers to being a unit in a literal instant. He had never questioned his immediate devotion to the man, perhaps because he felt there was no reason to, perhaps because he had been so desperate for a friend and companion when they had met, and perhaps because he was afraid of delving too deeply into what they had.
Sherlock considers. “It’s brighter when we’re being affectionate… or working on a case together…or you are doing something for me. It gets dimmer if we’re ignoring each other, or if you are angry with me or I with you.”
“Home?” asks John. Hanna is long gone, Sally is using her gentlest manner to collect a statement from a very shaken-up Bryant, and they’ve both told the police everything they know, thrice. It’s nearly dawn and John can hardly remember being so tired.
The final chapter! Almost 11 months and I'm done! I know I probably should have spaced these last few chapters out a bit more but the Instant Gratification Monkey is jumping up and down inside my brain and I just need it to be done! Thanks to ScopesMonkey for proofing this chapter, and the previous three.
Somehow this knowledge, this proof of Sherlock's utter devotion to him, feels like losing him all over again. He swallows hard to keep himself in check but the feelings must be writ all over his face. Hanna is looking at him intently and, he would swear, with some amount of pity in her eyes.
“Of course I am, takes more than this to kill me – you should know that!” He half-laughed, but stopped at the pain radiating from his stab wound. “I’ll need some mending, but I’ll be back on my feet before you know it.”
On the way home, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand and interlaced their fingers, pulling him down for a full throated kiss right in the middle of the street, not caring who saw. They walked home, Sherlock still recounting his victories, although perhaps speaking a bit too quickly. When they reached the flat, John demurred from another passionate kiss, knowing where it would lead once they were inside, but gave Sherlock a peck on the lips and caressed his shoulder before retreating up to his room.
Before he can ask, Sherlock crows, “Mycroft is removing all surveillance from 221B immediately! Not that the monthly bug sweep wasn’t a nice part of my schedule, but really it’s about time.”
“Insecure brat,” John forces himself to say, still shaken from recent events but too selfish to keep putting up walls.
“Well, I did both,” John said irritably. “I wasn’t going to just sit around and expect your brother to fix everything. He’s done a lot but I don’t totally trust him.”
Sherlock grabs John's hand and starts dragging him to where he hopes the doors are. "We have to go back, we have to work on this right away."
“That’s what I plan to find out.” He tightened his scarf. “Go, get to a friend’s before dark. Don’t tell me where you’re going.”
“Are you telling me you did not, in fact, make that commitment in your own mind within 48 hours of meeting my brother?” Mycroft is implacable and unreadable.
“If you don’t want me to be Rosie’s father, I understand.” This is nowhere close to what he had intended to say, but the words escape before he can stop them.
that it dispels John’s resentment and fear and he nods, chuckling, and slides his hands up Sherlock’s legs to his hips, pressing in closer to him. Sherlock makes a low sound of pleasure and pulls John up on to the sofa so that John is kneeling across his lap. He grabs the back of John’s neck with both hands and pulls John’s mouth down to his, and every word of the apology he’ll never give is contained in that kiss, in his hands, strong and sure, running up and down John’s back.
It’s not the dawn light that wakes him, but the sense of not being alone in his room. He knows at once the presence is Sherlock and doesn’t start, opening his eyes slowly to see the tall detective sitting cross-legged at his feet, observing him silently.
He breaks off with a noise of disgust. "How can we ever be that again? Why do you think I would let you touch me?"
“I am taking it perfectly easy,” Sherlock said, fixing his pale eyes on the quivering guard. “You on the other hand seem quite agitated. Panicked even. Are you quite well?”
Just as the wait seemed to be growing interminable and John was debating whether pestering the receptionist would do him any good, he heard the click of sharp heels on stone. A severe looking woman in a perfectly tailored suit appeared. “Box number?” she said without preamble.
He took to sleeping in Sherlock’s old bedroom, drinking from his favorite mug, anything that would maintain that connexon, make him feel like something of that old life was left. He knew it was stupid and maudlin, but he didn’t care. Aside from Mrs. Hudson, he didn’t have much contact with his and Sherlock’s old circle. He didn’t have much contact with anyone, really – he was alone again. Molly had virtually disappeared, likely nearly as paralysed by grief as he was. He resented her for it - she had no
"He killed himself to save us," John finishes. "You, me, Mrs. Hudson. He wasn't left any other choice."
“This way.” She spun on her heel and led him through a series of card-accessed double doors, and past quite a few guards, into the bowels of the building. Eventually they reached a room full of old-fashioned safety deposit boxes, with very new-looking computer security pads on them. Some of them appeared to be equipped with retina scanners as well, but thankfully #290110 seemed to only have a keypad.
It crumbles beneath him and Sherlock falls straight through, at least four metres to the stained marble below.
John wakes up to the unmistakable smell and sound of a hospital room. Familiar voices are talking but it takes a moment for him to make the sounds resolve into words.
Sherlock looks uncertain, but at John’s firm command he at last hurtles into the darkness after their quarry.
He is quiet. They are both quiet, and eager and gentle with each other. Much gentler than usual. The late afternoon sun warms and brightens the room until Sherlock cannot tell what is coming from outside and what is coming from John. They go slowly, drinking in each other’s bodies, all traces of uncertainty or hurry at last banished. There is a sense that, for once, they have an abundance of time.
John stepped off the train at Zagreb Central Station feeling more like a zombie than a man. Nearly two continuous days on trains, even with skipping Vienna. He had been impatient for his destination, and while he had taken a slightly less direct route, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to make any long unnecessary stops for the sake of secrecy.
Sherlock begins his usual inspection, scrutinizing and sniffing as he makes a systematic circuit around the house, while John scans the rooms more haphazardly, hoping to catch something at random.
John listened for several minutes and then began to get annoyed. He got up and opened the door. Sherlock was pacing the length of the short hall, still fully dressed in yesterday’s clothes. He paused when John opened the door, then resumed his pacing without so much as a glance in John’s direction.
“You are not likely to get a say. And as much as I enjoy John’s company, he’s not the one I’m concerned about if that happens.”
"Right. Yes. Right," he stammers awkwardly, and then turns and follows Sherlock back out of the conservatory.
No sooner has Sherlock gotten Mrs. Hudson calmed down, sent her to bed with a generous dose of "soother", and installed himself back in his own flat, than he has a visitor. It’s well past midnight and he knows from the first step in the hall instantly who it is.
By five am Sherlock can’t take it anymore. He bolts up the stairs, ready to burst into the bedroom and demand an explanation, the sanctity of a sleeping child be damned. Instead, he nearly trips over John, sitting on the floor of the narrow hall with his back against the door. Sherlock steadies himself on the lintel, awkwardly, wind taken out of him.
Just when his brain seems about to literally tear itself apart, the thrall breaks. Not entirely. Just enough for him to get a foothold, to begin to force it back in the locked basement rooms where it belongs. It must take hours for him to get it under control, if not completely silent, because by the time he's back to himself properly, he can no longer feel the afternoon sun on him. Sometime after 6pm, then, although he can't be any surer than that. He loses time so easily.
But he can’t stop himself, he hasn’t felt anything in so long, and Sherlock is right here and warm and wants him, and maybe can make him feel something, even if it’s something bad, and God, it’s
Sherlock realises belatedly that what he said may have been hurtful, but Victor puts a hand up to stop him backtracking.
The man snorts. “You’re late, then. Les Butineuses dissolved about a month ago, along with a dozen other outfits in the region. I don’t know what happened, but there’s a lot business suddenly up for grabs and a lot of people trying to consolidate power.”
John shrugs. "Someone motivated might. And I'm guessing losing the information on it is more than an inconvenience to you."
John smiles a little nervously. “Well, you’re always saying how it’s wasteful to have two bedrooms and that you could use this space as a lab… I listened. Is it… okay?”
“You are that snobby. And that’s not what I meant. Just being together in public…like that. I didn’t hate it.”
“Call Lestrade. Hopefully the police can find the child before the killer does, because once he has her he could take her anywhere. There’s no pattern to the location of where the bodies are found. Why is there no pattern? A mind like this needs patterns, order, rhythms!”
John grins and doesn’t need to ask what he’s talking about. He pulls Sherlock closer and kisses his temple.
“I’m not sure that’s the sort of thing he’s cut out for,” John mutters, and finishes getting dressed.
It’s then that John notices Sherlock’s computer is open. A few minutes scan of his internet history gets the most recent address Sherlock looked up, just under an hour ago. It’s just outside town, a large estate in an unfamiliar neighbourhood.
John makes his way up the stairs cautiously. The light is on in the first room on the right, and Sherlock is sitting on the floor, back against the open door. John gasps.
It’s not until much later, after the party and the champagne and far, far too much talk of weddings, that Sherlock replays the scene in his head and realises that when John had touched his arm, his fingers had not been still. They had been ever so slightly tapping, coding as they once had when he had been blind and deaf and John’s Morse descriptions had been his only window to the world. A silent apology, one that nearly undoes all his careful mental work converting their relationship back into a platonic one.
They end up in a very unsavoury neighbourhood. Sherlock enters a large apartment building in a bad state of disrepair, and knocks on a door on the third floor. After some time, a skinny, unkempt young man answers and immediately swears. “Shit, it’s you! How do you know where I live?”
“I know how it sounds,” Bryan says, pleading. “But you don’t understand how some of these people are. Please, you have to help me. I don’t know who else to go to.”
“An incandescent lightbulb,” Sherlock replies. He puts up his hands and traces the line of John’s head and shoulders, about twelve centimetres away from his actual skin, like he can see and touch an aura John is unaware of.
Sherlock shuts himself up in his room again immediately. John knocks once and receives no answer. He paces the kitchen, unsure of what he can do other than be awake and in the flat in case something happens.
John paused, and gave Mycroft a faint smile. “Likewise,” he said, and punched him as hard as he could in his ample stomach.
"And worst of all, worse than all of that put together," John continues, "is that in the end, when it came to it, you didn't trust me. You trusted your brother, your homeless friends, Molly, and God knows who else, but not me. After all we've been through, after all we've been to each other, you didn't trust me. And you never have, not really.
“Destroy this phone. Get the data off the drive and destroy it too. And for pity’s sake find a better cover than Wayward Youngest Son of Italian Businessman Sent to the North of France to Dry Out Where He Won’t Embarrass Anyone. Your Italian is ghastly and your skin won’t take the sun. Stick with the northern ethnicities.”
Sherlock fixes his brother with a venomous stare that slowly fades into simple exhaustion. "You'll watch him?"
Sherlock pulls away abruptly. “Sofa,” he orders, and harshly pushes John over and down on it, climbing astride him and tugging at his clothing impatiently.
“All right, but then why all the mess? Why not just slip in quietly and take what they wanted? Things like that, wouldn’t most people just assume they’d misplaced them in the house? No need to cause all this alarm.”
Sherlock shifts uncomfortably amongst the baggage, sticking his hands under his arms to keep them warm. The flight would be a couple more hours in this two-engine death trap. Hopefully he wouldn’t have hypothermia at the end of it.
"You're not like the ones they usually send," she says, looking at him suspiciously. "You're...nice."
John feels a blind fury bubbling up, even as panic dances across Sherlock’s face and then is quickly suppressed. “Are you going to check that?” John asks in his coolest and most even tone.
John hauls Sherlock to his feet and Sherlock tries not to let on how stiff with pain he is. He's covered in bruises and cuts, not all of them John's doing, and he's sore inside and out. Walking normally will be a trial.
"I need you to read me the report from Caroline," Sherlock orders. "Don't think about anything else, just read me the words on the page." Focusing enough to see the papers and read the words might just tear his brain apart, but he can watch John's lips without pain.
Sherlock’s journey to Belgium is cold, loud, and gives him lots of time to think. He supposes he’d better get used to traveling by cargo hold and other less comfortable means of transit.
Still, John finds himself nuzzling just a little closer to that long, graceful neck and growing drowsy as the rhythmic movements of the detective’s chest and the sweet smell of his breath on John’s cheek lull him to sleep.
"What, now?" Sherlock is somewhat alarmed. He's come to terms with the concept, but saying it quite so frankly was another matter. It seems almost licentious.
John hadn’t had time to fully register Sherlock’s condition before, but now, as he propped him up on the floor, he could see the full extent of the damage. He gasped, horrified. The only thing that stopped him in that moment from putting a bullet in Moran’s head was that the man wouldn’t be awake to feel it.
“I think so,” Sherlock admits reluctantly. “I’ve noticed it starting to happen, that’s why I didn’t want you to come today. I needed to test it.”
Sherlock’s grey eyes fly open, jarred out of the moment. He’s humming beneath John, breathing raggedly and rutting up against him, undulating, anticipating. He says nothing, animalistic and hungry and out of his head now.
“Nature abhors a vacuum, Doctor. Particularly a power vacuum. When Moriarty fell, we all grabbed what we could. This is my little piece. Humble, maybe, but I have great hopes for it.”
!” Moriarty exclaimed, clapping his hands in delight. He moved to the right, back into shadow. “Glad you made it here – I was hoping it would still be free when you found my little…message. I must admit to being a tad
After a decent interval Mycroft says, "So," in a tone of neutral curiosity that sounds just the tiniest bit forced. "Where will you begin? Do you have a lead? The assassins my men captured ended up annoyingly dead before we could question them."
The last time they touch, they are handcuffed together. John cracks a joke. Briefly, there is laughter, the familiar rush of adrenaline, and Sherlock is his again, just for a moment. Even then, John is still sure he will find a way out for them, that everything will be fine.
John doesn't knock, he just opens the door and stands at the threshold, a lick of flame against the darkness behind. Sherlock had half expected this, though not so soon, and he stills - not moving or breathing for fear of extinguishing the fragile moment.
There’s a strange feeling of purity to their lovemaking, a sort of innocence rarely captured in intimacy under any circumstances, much less by two people who have been through as many hells as Sherlock and John have. It feels like a holy act, like the consecration and consummation of everything they've been through together. Like being bound together in a way that's deeper, more earned, than it was before. A rebirth into a new life created solely for them, together.
She shook her head and smiled ruefully. “No, John, never. I shouldn’t have…” she sighed. “John, I love a good no-strings-attached romp as much as the next girl. And we both sure could use one. But I like you too much for it to end any other way than painfully.”
Sherlock makes it across the border with France to a nondescript coastal village. He risks taking a room with some of his meagre supply of cash so he can catch up on sleep and treat his wound properly. He's so disappointed by the result of his investigation in Bruges that even the front-page story in the paper, about the dramatic busting of a paedophile and child exploitation ring via the expeditious method of its leader being found staked out naked in front of the Stadhuis with the details of his crimes stuffed into his mouth as a gag, can barely lift his spirits.
Sherlock enters the morgue, bag of crisps in hand, to find Molly sitting on the floor in the back corner staring straight ahead at nothing, tears staining her face. She doesn’t look at him when he comes in.
John guides Sherlock’s hand to the top button of his shirt and Sherlock obediently begins to undo it, sliding it off of John’s shoulders and dragging his fingernails sharply down John’s back as he does so. John closes his eyes and arches against Sherlock’s hands, rubbing himself on Sherlock’s hardness and groaning deeply.
"And you're Sherlock Holmes," John replies. Sherlock is so very glad John's said that because it felt like he might have been starting to forget.
Sherlock doesn’t look up when he enters, and gives no sign of having noticed John’s presence. John takes off his jacket and slowly makes his way over to the sofa, kneeling at Sherlock’s head but not touching him.
Lestrade laughed. “Like hell! You aren’t getting near him. We have enough to convict him and put him away for three lifetimes. I’m just here to get your statement.” He shifted uncomfortably. “And to, um…make sure you’re all right.”
“Of course,” the clerk says, eyes shining with an evangelical fervour. He rummages through his drawer and pulls out pamphlets, while John goes down an aisle and pretends to consider various types of nut butter, while remaining in eye line.
At last, having rearranged the necessary space in his brain for this new concept, Sherlock dips his head and rests it against John’s temple. “Okay, John,” he murmurs.
As he exited the building onto the deserted street, he saw a stout figure turn a corner a block down, just a little too quickly. John’s instincts kicked in and he took off running in that direction, turning the corner just in time to see the man disappear again. He cursed. He must have been followed – that or the house had been watched. He was guessing both at this point. He kicked it into high gear and managed to gain ground on the man.
As we are obviously venturing into A Scandal in Belgravia timeline here, I just want to note that I have purposely (and for obvious reasons) left out any mention of John's Christmas girlfriend or Sherlock's presupposed virginity. It doesn't work with the established relationship in this series, so I'm simply ignoring it. Other than that I intend to stay on canon as much as possible when the story intersects with the events shown in the episode. =)
"Tonight? Here and now? How dare they--" she begins in a furious whisper that threatens to rise and John cuts her off.
“I’m sure you’ll put out of your head entirely,” John mutters, and goes upstairs to his room, leaving the door slightly ajar. He is not surprised to hear the light, catlike footstep on the stair an hour later.
John looked at him, really looked at him, for the first time since the night he’d returned, searching his face with a hint of a sad smile. “Six months, Sherlock. Do you have any idea what that was like for me? How much I missed you? How much it hurt? And I am so happy to have you back, I can’t even tell you. But it doesn’t erase those six months. In fact, it makes them worse now that I know they were for nothing. I was grieving a man who wasn’t dead. And you didn’t say a word. Not a letter, not a text.”
He stands too, still baffled. "Thank you," he says because it seems like what someone should say to that. To his great surprise, she goes up on tip-toe and kisses him on the cheek.
There is a lull in work. Sherlock runs out of experiments and grows sulky, then destructive, then despondent. Cocaine is the next stage of boredom, and John doesn’t want to know what comes after cocaine. Lestrade throws them a bone, a cold case, which Sherlock takes with unusual enthusiasm and John joins in with relief, glad the drugs have been avoided, at least this time.
He made his way carefully to Regent’s Park, disguising his path as well as he could, although he had to hurry – he did not want Molly to reach their meeting spot before he did, and it was starting to get dark.
“No. We’re done now.” John grabs his coat off the hook and pockets his mobile. “Good luck with your corpse, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Air is better up here for thinking. Floorboards springier. Can’t think down there. Stifling. And filthy.”
The girl in reception is beautiful, with light cocoa eyes and hair and skin, over which a handful of espresso freckles has been artfully sprinkled. John feels himself adjust his posture as he approaches, automatically straightening, smiling, becoming attentive to her. He reproves himself – she cannot be more than twenty – yet she returns the smile with more than just the politeness of the job, looking him over and apparently not finding anything wanting.
"You are infatuated with her," John snaps. "Just because you don't want to get a leg over doesn't mean you aren't infatuated."
"What's over?" John had never been quite sure what had been going on with the case in the first place.
He rinsed quickly and threw on jeans and a long-sleeve t-shirt, and emerged from the bathroom toweling his hair. “Sorry, didn’t expect you so –” He stopped short. It wasn’t Sarah. It was Mycroft.
John takes a deep breath. “No,” he says again, forcefully, twisting easily out of Sherlock’s grip and shoving him backwards. Sherlock stumbles, falls to the floor, and stays there, unmoving.
“You’re telling me…” John said slowly, his voice growing very quiet and hard, “that Sherlock faked his own death in front of me and most of London, and that you knew about it this
Sherlock starts looking around the room for clues, while John checks the hallway again. As he is looking back the way they came, he suddenly feels red hot pain slam into the base of his spine.
The continued silence from John is frustratingly eloquent and Sherlock turns his attention to his present situation with difficulty. Getting out of the city will be easy enough, but as for what happens after that he’s mildly surprised to realize that he has no idea. And there's something he has to deal with first.
“Mmm, yes, that one was particularly lovely,” the detective’s deep voice purrs. “I think I may owe you for that.”
"Why are you pulling for him?" John asks after breakfast, as they both collect their things for the day. "You know what it did to me when...when he left."
He laughs. “Oh, she made a power grab all right but we sent her packing. Don’t know where, don’t care. Just wish I could have done the little
“Yes, fine, of course, doing the same.” But Sherlock made no move to stir. John shrugged, murmured good night, and dragged himself to his room. He fell promptly into a dreamless, battlefield sleep, the sleep of a soldier with a mission accomplished. He awoke several hours later, sometime before dawn, to hear footsteps in the hall outside his room. One, two, three, four, five, six. Stop. One, two, three, four, five, six. Stop.
John looks up at him, panting, already beginning to feel some effects. “Why not? If you can, I can!”
John can tell something was wrong, of course, and that feeling is borne out with Sherlock’s cagey and increasingly erratic behaviour over the next few days. He refuses to admit anything is out of the ordinary, but he is out of sorts despite plenty of reasonably enticing work and public adoration, disappearing for hours at a time, snapping at John for nothing but then refusing to rise to blatant attempts on John’s part to bait him.
Two weeks after their return from Dartmoor everything seems fine. John forgave Sherlock his deeply hurtful comments on the basis that he was drugged and terrified at the time, and when they got home Sherlock made it up to him properly, over a long weekend. Things are going so well, he can almost forget about anything other than their immediate existence together.
He allowed the letters to rearrange themselves in his mind’s eye until at last they settled into a recognisable form.
“Oh, no, no, all wrong!” Sherlock exclaims angrily as soon as they walk in. “You, Goliath, stand up. Now!”
He turns back to his companion and she is as cold and aloof as if they'd never met. "Of course," she says indifferently. She gives him her hand, slipping him the key card to her room almost undetectably as she does so.
“Yeah, good. Lunch.” Normalcy is good, John tells himself, as they head out the door. They’ve made enough strides for one day and honestly he doesn’t know what the hell he was thinking when he said all those things to Sherlock. He meant them of course, he just had never had any intention of saying them. He hopes  fervently for a good case in his inbox, preferably one that didn’t involve murder or sex. A nice jewel theft, maybe.
She takes his hand and pats it reassuringly. “You’ll find him, dear. You always find him, don’t you?”
“Of course I ride,” Sherlock snaps. “I ride, I dance, I play polo, I speak French, I choose wine, and I know the difference between an ascot and a cravat.” His voice is surprisingly bitter.
She withdraws her hand and looks at him sharply, arching a well-sculpted eyebrow. "Gilly isn't a very good nickname," she replies through gritted teeth.
Moran laughed. “You’re as delightful as had been described to me,” he said, pulling up a chair in front of Sherlock, but not too close, and lit up a cigarette.
Sherlock maintains eye contact stubbornly, licks his lips just once, and replies very carefully and with only the slightest hesitation to betray the fact that the decision took any thought at all, “Check what, John?”
John ducked and rolled himself and the man behind a small dumpster a few feet away that offered reasonable cover. He guessed he had about a minute before the sniper could make it down from his vantage point and to their location.
“Don’t you get it? Not just the security upgrade, but imposters making it look you were there when you weren’t, so that your coworkers would swear to seeing you? And now they’ve taken personal items, distinctive ones as well ones that would yield hairs, skin flakes, DNA! Someone is setting you up, Mr. Bryant. They’re setting you up for something very, very big.”
Sherlock shrugs him off and knocks the glass to the floor. “I don’t need your help, I’m not a child!”
John texts Stamford to meet him at the Hanging Dog. Stamford's good for a reliably fun time out, and never asks any questions John might not want to answer. There's a match on and they stay out late, though John is careful not to drink too much.
“All right. You know best.” The silent “for now” of John’s reluctant acceptance is painfully obvious, but Sherlock lets it go.
His eyes scan, trying to remember everything. There wasn't much to go on, it was only for an instant that the stranger had hands on his coat, pointing him in the right direction, saving him. But the instant was enough. There was a scent, a distinct odor, almost a taste, under the cologne and detergent and aftershave, a scent that was forever seared into his nostrils.
“Sure,” she says, and opens her mouth like she’s going to say something else, probably about when Sherlock might be round again, but thinks better of it.
John was rather pleased with himself for getting that far, but now he was stuck, standing in the square before the hulking building that contained the headquarters of the
“It’s not like you’ve never been wrong before,” Anderson adds. “Maybe you just need to get used to it.”
Sherlock vanishes to do whatever he needs to do to get ready. John trudges up the steps to his room, shaking his head. He’s not sure at exactly what point in the day he’d agreed to dye his hair and go undercover at the Ginger Society’s annual gala, but it appears that he has. He’s only moderately surprised to find a complete set of white-tie attire waiting for him in his room.
He tries to keep it out of his voice and eyes as he tells them to dance, but Mary’s realised it and seen that he has as well, and it pains her. John hasn’t yet and might not for a long time, might even fight it, but that doesn’t make it any less true. Sherlock had been prepared to sacrifice so much for John, and still would do, but this sacrifice, this kind of rift between them he hadn’t seen coming.
“I take it my point has been made. The data stick is a gift from John Watson. He has no idea of course,” Mycroft forestalls Sherlock’s rush of questions. “He’s picked up some bad habits from you, went a bit rogue and got luckier with intel than I dare say he knows. It came to me circuitously and I believe it will be of great interest to you.”
It's John's turn to be tentative now. He shouldn't be, he's just given the whole world to Sherlock and Sherlock can hardly believe it.
John searches Sherlock’s face but all he finds there is surrender and honesty, rare enough to see on his friend but genuine. John dips his head and plants a bruising kiss on Sherlock’s lips, then releases him. Sherlock instantly pulls John back to him, his hands working nothing short of magic between John’s legs as he strives to climb inside of John’s mouth, and John allows himself to slowly melt into Sherlock, giving into the orgy of sensation, letting his brain, at last, stop spinning.
“We already said forever, I just thought…” Sherlock grapples for the words and John watches him closely, trying to read the things Sherlock can’t articulate. “I thought, with all we’ve been through,
“John,” he said distractedly, “bit late to talk shop, can it wait till tomorrow? I promised Tricia I’d be home for supper for once and that Westerly case can keep overnight. Frankly I’d rather not talk about it before a meal anyway.”
John touches the shiny headstone gently, as he had so often touched Sherlock's shoulder. In the way he has when he's struggling to make Sherlock understand something, to reassure them both. And he tells Sherlock not to be dead. To stop all this and come back to him.
It is almost exactly one year later when Sherlock comes home. He walks through the door without ceremony, while John is reading a case file. He is somewhat the worse for wear, thinner, paler, greyer, but then so is John. They stare at each other. John does not move, cannot move, cannot think, cannot breathe.
Sherlock nods curtly, hesitates, and adds almost shyly, “It was very dim while you were gone. It’s brighter now.”
Bryant shakes his head. “No. After a couple months of this, I cracked a little, ran over to a strawberry blonde woman and demanded to know what she was doing. She said she had no idea what I was talking about, that she was out for a walk, and said she’d call the cops on me if I didn’t leave her alone. But I know this has something to do with the Society, something with my leaving. And it’s happening more and more.”
“Speak for yourself,” Sherlock growled, but allowed John to slow their progress to the bedroom just a little, so that they didn’t trip on anything. Once there, however, any thoughts of restraint left both their minds and they gave themselves over to the need that had been building between them for so long, rushing headlong into each other in a tangle of arms and legs and teeth and lips, drenched with sweat.
John’s heart skipped a beat. He ran upstairs, grabbed Sherlock's Browning from its hiding spot and his jacket, and, pausing only to send a short text, ran out the door and into the darkened streets of London.
“I don’t want to hear it right now, okay, Sherlock? There is a very long list of names I could think to call you at the moment, but I won’t because you would probably
“Sherlock, what did you take? Tell me!” John demands, shaking him. “I need you to tell me exactly what you took and how much.”
John slowly leaned back, absorbing what had happened, while Sherlock fidgeted nervously, his eyes fixed firmly on the floor. At last John said quietly, “Why did you think that?”
John nods. Of course, he’s right. And for a moment, John is furious with him for it, for stopping the mistake. But it doesn’t last, because if anything is clear, it’s that the other man is in almost as much pain as he is. He reaches out almost involuntarily and strokes his back with what he hopes is friendly and platonic reassurance.
“Yes, I thought it might be. It’s really very simple. If you stop selling to me, you get to keep this nice stack of cash I’ve given you and you will have no trouble. If you do sell to me, my friend here will tell the police where you live and everything you’ve been doing – and I do mean
John senses Sherlock wants to bolt, and he kind of does as well, but neither makes a move. Instead Sherlock says, in something approaching a normal tone. “Any new prospects for cases, John?”
The older man rubs his eyes tiredly. “Yeah, I know. Don’t worry, I hate myself most of the time too. Now, do you want to hear what little I know or remember from the file or not?”
The knock comes again and Sherlock groans, wrapping the sheet around himself and stalking to the door. He opens his mouth to repeat himself, but it's not the maid. It's a young boy in a courier outfit, who hands him a package.
“You won’t be saying that when you try to get out of here alive. You and your friend.” After that there is silence.
He’s trying to protect Sherlock, John can see.  Despite Sherlock’s frequent aspersions on the DI’s intelligence, he’s a smart man and moreover he knows Sherlock too well, knows it wasn't a suicide. John spreads his hands helplessly.
He swings himself around so that they are next to each other, taking Sherlock’s hand and entangling their fingers and throwing his left leg over Sherlock’s right one. Sherlock shivers as all the tension drains from his body at John’s touch.
"Oh, I see!" Mycroft's insufferable sarcasm intensifies. "You wanted him to get over it... but not too much. To be okay, but not too okay. Not to build a life he can't walk away from, not to find someone he won't want to leave. And maybe that's how it would be, if he knew you were coming back. But you made
John’s knees go weak, and he feels nauseous again, but not from the head wound. “No, that can’t be right… we did all the paperwork together, months ago. To be completely sure that if one of us was injured or... I have his power of attorney, not Mycroft! And he has mine. Nothing could have been done without me! Why did you let Mycroft take him?”
Moriarty laughs and finishes his cigarette, throwing it to the ground and not bothering to stomp it out. "Plan? My dear Sherlock, I just wanted to see what would happen. The events at Dartmoor were relayed to me in vivid detail. I wanted to see for myself. I had hoped to reproduce the effects of the drug, make them permanent, or at least as permanent as I wanted them to be, see what you would do then. Alas, I couldn't procure a sample of my own n that time and my chemists are...well, they're no you."
"John! Really." Sherlock jumps up and starts circling the room. "If you were any more smug I'd have a sunburn."
"I'm still a doctor. I can still be that. I don't..." he stumbles. "I don't know if I can move past this. But I have to at least...move. Does that make sense?"
At least one other individual is fully aware of the extent of their relationship. Sherlock returns home one day from a visit to Mycroft, beaming like he just caught Jack the Ripper. John is unnerved – a meeting with his brother usually results in a days-long sulk, and although John is grateful this has been averted, he is also suspicious.
John scratched his head. “Well, I didn’t really. They nabbed me almost the moment I got off that horrific little plane at Ivalo. Lucky for me they apparently weren’t his best guys – they underestimated the dosage they needed to keep me under and I woke up in the back of the truck halfway here. There were only two guys and neither was paying a lot of attention to me. It didn’t take long to get a weapon away from them and hijack the truck. In fact, it worked out rather brilliantly. I never would have got into this compound without their passkeys. It was pretty easy to ambush the rest of the guards once I was inside.”
Sherlock is, very briefly, speechless. He recovers quickly, but John notices and becomes awkward. He hadn’t meant anything by it, just a joke between mates, but he definitely hit a nerve. When Sherlock returns to his topic of his own genius, John nods encouragingly but files away the incident in his head in case it’s needed later. He tries to think about his flatmate and sex as little as possible.
He bursts out of the elevator doors and casts around until he finds her face. Molly looks ashen at the sight of him.
“Very,” Sherlock growls, slamming him up against the outside of the nearest stall, working his hands under John’s shirt and chewing on John’s lower lip, not quite kissing, but breathing in his breath. John bucks his hips into Sherlock almost automatically, instantly hard, and can’t help a soft moan as Sherlock works a leg between his thighs and starts unbuckling his belt with one hand.
"Not really. But don't bother responding. He won't be listening, and prefers to talk cases over with me. At least, some version of me." He walks out the door before she can answer that, and finds himself in a better mood than he can remember in a long time. He feels confident now, and slightly ashamed of his insecurity and jealousy surrounding someone so utterly irrelevant.
“A dark nebula,” Sherlock says, pondering. “If you prefer.” He pauses for a long minute. “Did you mean it?”
“Never mind that,” Sherlock says over him, pulling out a data stick. “Here’s everything you need to know about this case, including information on the larger crime ring, and proof of our client’s complete and total innocence. Will that be enough for you? Awfully nice to put on your resume…”
“Oh, you don’t give him enough credit, John. I feel that anyone with the nerve to wait for his prey in the dark and stab him
But how to be sure it was Sherlock? John certainly didn’t have enough German to describe him. Suddenly he remembered, he had a picture of him on his phone from their Christmas party. He brought it up – him, and Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock was even almost smiling there. He showed it to her, pointing to the man in the middle. “
John has nothing to say to that and Mycroft continues, “As the only immediately family of my brother’s very dear…friend… Harriet merits attention. You may rest assured that I will alert you if there is any crisis you should be aware of.”
“Chemical…” repeats John pondering. Then Sherlock hears his breath catch and they say it at almost the same time.
It's the middle of the day on a Saturday and they've been following a uniquely nimble cat burglar who, in addition to jewelry and cash also takes old family photographs, even staying an unwise amount of time in the houses after he's found the valuables in order to locate them. Unfortunately, the man seems to have just gotten wind of them and is now running for it.
The stranger freezes, and John can see the indecision flash momentarily across his face before he settles on an offensive tack. “What are you doing in my office?” he demands, doing a decent impression of being genuinely affronted. “Put that down and get out before I call security!”
"I never meant to--" Sherlock starts, but John stops him with a look. "Do you want me go away and never trouble you again, then?"
Molly looks ill, but she forges on, her voice quavering. “I hate it, I hate the thought but… why would he say all that? Why would he jump off a building if it wasn’t…true… He wanted to confess to you before he did it, he needed you to know. You should…honour… that last request. Let it be. It’s what…what he wanted.” Her last words are barely a squeak.
“This doesn’t make any sense,” Sherlock growls. They’ve been at it for weeks now, both are running short of sleep and patience. “He’s not acting like a normal serial killer. He has no type, except female. What kind of killer goes from old ladies to children? They have favourites, types, patterns. The killings are highly ritualistic but not at all religious in nature. He doesn’t leave any traces. Serial killers are always show-offs, they always want to be found, or at least gloat a little over the police. It’s part of the thrill. They play games.”
“You’re cruel when you’re high, did you know that?” John asks bitterly. “And stupider than usual. It’s like you’re trying to get rid of me just to prove I don’t care about you. And as tempting as it is to give you your way, I’m not going anywhere unless you keep acting like such an incredible arsehole that I have no other choice.”
“So, you’re just biding time with me until you can acquire the elements of a normal life?” Sherlock hisses. “A nubile girl who can shag you silly and bake pies and be a good wife, a house in the country, a private practice you can close up at six on the dot every day, a couple of tow-headed children? Oh, you’ll still come out on cases for a lark now and then, invite me round for Christmas dinner, but you’ll have a nice respectable life, the retired soldier, the country doctor, that no one could ever possibly object to!”
“Am I speaking normally?” he asks, attempting to sit up straight. It’s difficult, his balance is all wrong, but he can manage.
“Yes. I perused it briefly and it contains more than enough evidence to clear you from suspicion and prove the existence and culpability of James Moriarty. Should you miraculously survive this endeavour, I will of course leak these details discreetly to the press prior to your return so that you are not jailed immediately for murder.”
"Oh. Right." Greg stands and looks as if he might hug him, but thinks better of it. "Take care of yourself, John."
Sherlock is in roughly the same position John left him in – curled on the sofa, facing the cushions. The only hint that he’s moved at all is that he’s wearing a different dressing gown and different pyjama bottoms. John still feels furious when he looks at him, but isn’t entirely unmoved by the small figure he makes.
It's like the wound that has been festering inside him these long weeks is finally bleeding freely and cleanly. He feels the madness that's been driving him begin to lift, starts to realize how truly out of his mind, out of his self, he's been.
They follow Lestrade to an interrogation room, where sits a huge, rather grubby and sullen man, surrounded by several officers.
John shakes his head violently. “I don’t buy it. There’s more, there has to be. What was that business with Sherlock then?”
“I don’t know what I’m going to think of until I do!” Sherlock protests, but he complies, worried John will revoke his privileges entirely.
Sherlock smiles privately at that as they reach the cafe and sit down. John's not going to give him any slack now, which is as it should be. After they eat John makes him give the route to the nearest tube station before they set out.
John has nothing to say to this, except, “And I thought my relationship with Harry was screwed up.” He sincerely hopes he won’t have to face Mycroft any time soon, though can’t help but be pleased that it seems Mycroft approves of him in general, even if he is less than thrilled to be exposed to the specifics of what John has been doing to his sibling.
No sound comes out of his mouth. He tries again, but nothing. There is only silence. Not just from himself, but from everything around him.
John had spent the night half-dozing in the uncomfortable chair, occasionally jerking awake with a start to reassure himself that Sherlock was breathing. Sherlock’s hand still gripped his, and he kept his fingers on the slender wrist, the soft but steady beat easing his worry. Suddenly, just as John was in a drowsy moment between sleep and wakefulness, Sherlock sat bolt upright in bed. “The phone number!” he shouted.
The attitude of his companion changes instantly, pulling away from the carefully calculated camaraderie of those in customer service and looking him up and down with a critical eye.
"I know it sounds like a stretch... I'm not even really sure what to look for. But my gut tells me there's something to do with the Friesland Petrol company. The shipping division. You were in the business a long time. Do you know them?"
Sherlock drew both knees up to his chest and peered at John over them, steepling his fingers under his nose, as if taken aback that anyone would ask him that. At last he said, with great difficulty. “I want you to stay, John.” It was clear how much the admission cost him. “I want you to stay until the end.”
She’ll be out for a few, and so will the hulk, so he should have enough time to deal with the driver. He crawls back up to the front and hides himself under the cab. It’s less than a minute before the drivers opens the door and climbs out, calling to his accomplices. The second his feet hit the ground, John sweeps a leg, knocking his balance out from under him. John’s on the driver before he can even start to scramble up again. He quickly applies the same hold on the driver as he had on the woman, and he goes limp and quiet.
John did not know it was possible for a human being to be this happy. It feels criminal, illicit somehow. He doesn't want to share it with anyone, doesn’t want to tell friends or family for fear it might disappear. He worries, deep in his heart, that it can't last, that the universe will not allow this level of joy to endure between two people. He tries not to let the thought grip him too tightly, but it always returns, usually in the dead of night when he can feel Sherlock breathing against him, and he thinks that if he ever had to go without this, he would die.
“I know it doesn’t seem… like him… I can scarcely believe it myself. But he told you things he really wanted you to know. And he… he wanted you to talk to him, he wanted you to be there to see it. I know it doesn’t make sense…it’s so awful to think about… but he needed to you know those things, to believe him. That was his last wish and maybe… you… should.”
When at last they are finished, satiated with each other, John rolls off of Sherlock and sprawls languorously on his back on the bed. Sherlock settles on his side next to him, watching his chest rise and fall as he tries to get his wind back. Sherlock sighs contentedly, for the first time in a long time not anxious or fearful about John or what is going to happen to them.
"Gah!" he cries aloud before he can stop it, suddenly feeling like a railroad spike has just been driven through his skull. He grabs his head, curling in on himself and squeezing his eyes shut as if that will shut out the pain. It ebbs away, not nearly fast enough, and he straightens back up, gasping for air again. Better save that for a last resort, then, lest he give himself an aneurysm.
“Hi,” he says, trying to keep his voice in a slightly higher register, and slipping an arm around Sherlock’s waist, who looks bored and examines his fingernails. “I’m trying to get this silly bugger to see the error of his ways. Terrible diet, this one – red meat, processed sugar, just awful. Of course he doesn’t gain a pound and I get fat off salad. The injustice.”
The men look at him blankly for a moment, before Jackson roars with laughter and slaps him on the back. “Good one, Watson! Had us there for a moment.”
“No,” he tells Sherlock, sitting back up and pushing Sherlock off him, finally. “You can’t just do this.”
Greg boggles at him. "John, with that sort of information you could go further. Look what you’ve done with just a scrap. You could track down Moriarty's associates. You might even be able to make it safe to clear Sherlock's name."
Sherlock lets out a deep sigh and rolls over to face John. “Fine. What do you want to hear?” His voice is a challenge. John must tread very lightly.
John writhes beneath Sherlock, hard and throbbing already, driven wild by the sensation of Sherlock’s erection rubbing against his own. He fumblingly manages to undo Sherlock’s shirt and reaches for him, trying to pull him closer, but Sherlock grabs his wrists with both hands and pins them to the bed, pressing his bare chest against John’s, growling in his ear, “
"No, you wouldn't have. They're active mainly on the Continent, based out of Belgium. Racketeering, smuggling, general thievery, that sort of thing. Very large ring, been around for ages, but never a major player. They don't like messy business, so they've stayed out of the spy game, as well as the sex and drugs trade. It's been a successful strategy - they make money but never get in too much trouble or threaten anyone extraordinarily dangerous. To my knowledge, this is the first action they've taken on British soil."
After an eternity, John tilts his head up and allows his lips to meet Sherlock, pressing his thin ones against the fullness of Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s mouth drifts open, slackly, accepting the kiss, wishing for John to use his mouth, his body, himself however the soldier desires. John’s tongue brushes against his like some sleek, velvety animal, strong and muscular, marking out a territory in Sherlock’s mouth. The flavour of John’s saliva is rich and sweet and surpasses the most wonderful food he’s ever tasted. He presses back against John now, craving more, letting his tongue explore the landscape of John’s mouth and saturate himself with the savor of it.
"Sherlock, what I'm trying to say is that I’m grateful, above all things, to know that no matter what happens, John will always have at least one person who loves him as fiercely and completely as I do, and would do anything to protect him. That's the most important thing to me. Do you understand?"
His brother’s timing had been impeccable, as usual, although Sherlock would have preferred an extraction prior to the beating. Still, the combination of his success in destroying the last vestige of Moriarty’s influence and the prospect of returning to London, to John, to home is heady. He’s massively pleased with himself, impatient, and in a good mood for the first time in as long as he can remember.
John lets out a long sigh and realises he is shaking. He also realises he doesn’t know if it’s from fear, pain, or fury. He can’t possibly drag the man anywhere, but he’ll be out long enough for the police to take care of him. John has few qualms about leaving him in the cold rain, all things considered. He might be young but he murdered at least four people – John’s pity only extends so far.
She hesitates. "Oh, what the hell," she says at last, taking it. "You owe me that at least for ambushing me."
At last he settles in a chair by the fire with a treatise on the synthesis of novel toxins that he’s been meaning to read and forces himself to focus on it. John is gone longer than he anticipates, and he wonders if he’ll even be back that night. The mean time for him to be out after an episode like this is 3.5 hours, and sometimes he’ll spend the night away, but Sherlock doesn’t know of any current lady friends who might take pity on him. If he’s desperate enough to bunk with Stamford, then it’s serious indeed.
They take a car to the Corinthia and Sherlock has the driver pull around back of the sprawling hotel so he can go in through the kitchens. He hands John an envelope.
“Dr. Watson,” she greets him cordially, without any acknowledgement of her surprise or the scuffle they’d had. “How lovely to see you again. You really don’t want to use that in here.”
Sherlock runs his hands through his hair, tugging on it, and tries to give John his attention. “Enough of what?”
Mycroft had pointed this out, along with the futility of his plans, when he’d bade him goodbye at the airfield.
They are silent, taking in what they have just done. After a few moments, John grabs his discarded boxers and gently wipes them both clean, settling back down in the crook of Sherlock’s arm.
John's eyes linger on the little duvet covering his daughter and Sherlock realises he's just noticed the anatomy-themed linens, but then he chuckles. "What the hell, yes, you did it perfectly. And fuck normal childhoods. What matters is having parents who love them. And... each other..."
“I said I wouldn’t leave you. So, I’m not going to, not unless you ask me to and maybe not even then.” His voice is quiet, determined, and pained. “I told you. I’ll be here no matter what. I’ll understand… I’ll…try…to understand.”
The figure steps into an anaemic patch of light and there is no doubt left in his mind. John forces himself not to run, walking as quickly and determinedly across the distance between them as he can manage, trying to keep tears out of his eyes. He stops a few feet in front of his friend, looking him up and down desperately. He is whole, unharmed, unchanged, right down to the coat and the scarf and the way his curls fall across his forehead.
He’s so absorbed in his examination that he jumps when Sherlock materializes behind him, asking “What have you got, John?”
could go to Bryant’s work on Monday and check things out while I’m away,” John points out after a few moments of silence.
“What did Mycroft tell you?” Sherlock snaps, still not turning toward him. John doesn’t ask how he knows; in addition to keenly honed deductive skills the brothers seem uncannily able to read each other’s minds.
Once they recovered, the second and third times lasted much longer. They were more deliberate, taking time to fully and methodically explore one another with hands, lips, tongues, and cocks, investigating every possible way they could fit together. Sherlock was far from experienced, but at least in this department he was miles ahead of John, and John let him lead. He was surprisingly gentle at the right moments, despite being otherwise forceful and aggressive, years of celibacy making him greedy and determined to take every moment of pleasure there was to be had.
“I am nothing if not careful,” he said, flashing her a hollow smile. She left and he followed her discreetly until she got safely in a cab. Then he turned his attention to the mobile. There didn’t seem to be anything amiss with it. He re-inserted the battery and powered up the phone, listening for any faint signal or sign that additional hardware had been installed. There was nothing.
“For the record – if anyone out there still cares – I’m not actually gay,” he says a little too loudly to a little too much silence.
He notices her rubbing her right wrist, unconsciously. It’s swollen and red, like she's landed hard on it. She sees him looking at it and hurriedly puts it behind her back.
John plays around on his laptop, but doesn’t have the heart to write up this case, both because of the sheer magnitude of the loss and Sherlock’s ultimate failure, despite his brilliance. It grows later and later and John begins to reconsider his decision to forgo sleep. As he is contemplating putting his head down on the kitchen table, he hears a thump from Sherlock’s room.
“Indeed. We can try again when you are ready,” she said coolly. “Although after two unsuccessful attempts, the box does institute a higher security protocol which requires a number of steps of identity verification before it can be opened again.”
“Nonsense, even these vapid, empty headed, inbred ninnies can manage it, I’m sure you could probably pick it up.” John looks doubtful, which Sherlock appears to take as a challenge. He discards the pastries and stands, put-upon, and holds out his arm. “I’ll show you.”
"No, it's fine, I know what you meant. It's all just so awful, and must be quite a shock for you as well.. I'm terribly sorry." He looks as if he wants to say more but holds back, knowing Sherlock won't thank him for an effusive display. After a moment he asks. "Do you remember it all now?"
“He fell into addiction, poverty, and…well, it would be indelicate to go into details but shall we say other risky personal behaviours? I tried to help him so many times, I had him hauled to the best rehab centres in Europe – he always escaped, of course – I tried to convince him to live at home again, promising him undisturbed use of a wing of the house.  I even appealed to the potential brain damage he was doing. But it was to no avail. It became a cycle. Every so often he would manage to pull himself out of it by sheer force of will, begin trying to work again, moderate his use to relatively safe levels. He might succeed for a year or even two, he would get some cases or a little recognition, but eventually something would happen, or nothing would happen, and he’d end up back there again, worse than before.”
“It wasn’t a bad plan,” Sherlock is saying. “Rather ingenious really – gave me quite a lot of trouble. That
They were back at the start now, in the little pool of light from the trapdoor. Sherlock slammed Moriarty against the ladder.  “And if anyone harms so much has a hair on my head or on the heads of those around me, you will suffer the most painful death anyone in England can possibly devise.”
He spends more time with Mycroft as well, his deep anger at his brother’s actions giving way to at least a semblance of understanding his choices now. Their relationship is no less acrimonious on the surface, but for Sherlock’s part there is less venom behind his sarcasm and he is less resistant to helping Mycroft, at least with those tasks he deems worthy and not mere political manipulations. He fears he is a poor substitute for their brilliant sister, if a less dangerous one.
“Safety deposit boxes are only available to current account holders,” the man told him, barely making eye contact. His accent was very good – John was glad most people in Vienna spoke English well. It was going to be far more interesting trying to communicate in Finland, especially outside of a large city.
John quivers beneath him, amazed at how erotic being examined like this is. Perhaps it is merely the thought of someone caring enough to want to commit him fully to memory. Sherlock does not stop. He has moved on to John’s neck, shoulders and chest now, has found himself fascinated by the hollow of John’s collarbone, and taste of John’s skin.
“Sherlock, please tell me you didn’t just do a fucking speedball! Do you have any idea how dangerous that is? Any at all? Of course you do, you’re a genius, you know exactly how stupid and insane that is. Were you actually trying to kill yourself?”
He plans to do all those things, but realises he also wants to do something for Sherlock, something to surprise him with on his return. He’s just not sure what.
Sherlock rolled his eyes impatiently. “For several reasons, Mr. Moran. The first being that as a consulting detective it rather goes against my nature to leave the leader of an international crime syndicate free to operate without interference. In addition, I have quite a few plans for the item to which you are referring and I am afraid they’d be somewhat interrupted if I gave it to you. Not to mention the fact that you likely had a hand in killing several people and leaving my life in ruins, for which I still plan to repay you. And lastly, given the kind of man you are, I see no reason believe you will let me walk out of here alive under any circumstances.”
At last he is back in the lab, which provides a modicum of familiarity even if the equipment in it is largely useless to him. He waits, silent and straight-backed, for John to return. After a few attempts Molly eventually gives up on conversation and goes quiet to wait with him. He finds himself unexpectedly relieved she doesn’t leave, wanting privacy but still averse to being left alone. As thanks he refrains from shouting at her for the irregular finger tapping she’s unconsciously engaging in.
The taller man located and pocketed his mobile and wallet, and put on a pair of dressing slippers. “I’m sorry John, that just won’t do. Besides, you look exhausted. You really should get some rest.”
“Don’t think I haven’t tried. Unfortunately, some memories are rather stubborn. The last time I was on a dance floor…” he trails off, shaking his head. “It doesn’t matter.”
His vow to John and Mary to always be there for them is sincerely meant, warmly accepted, and not even aided by champagne as one might be tempted to suspect. Even in the moments after he deduces the pregnancy, he’s still pleased, relieved that he’s not been rejected by them as so many had predicted, glad, even, because he knows John has always wanted this.
John walks into the bedroom quietly. Sherlock is lounging on the bed in pyjamas bottoms and an inside out t-shirt, eyes closed but not asleep.
"There's a bus on the street. Ahead of us." He can smell that one, and felt the warm gust of air as it stopped.
At home Sherlock is restless and aimless. This case had done little to distract from the overwhelming boredom of the past few weeks, and John’s crankiness has put him even further off. Mrs. Hudson has left him a cold tea – the sort of cheap luncheon meats and cheese he despises, with passable bread – and he makes a sandwich resentfully.
Ms. Adler was silent for moments. Finally she said, “You saw me lying dead and bloody on a slab once too. And a British spy saw a member of the Taliban chop off my head. Yet here I am.”
"I realise you may not encounter this a whole lot in your line of work," John tells her. "But Sherlock is one of the few men with a completely pure soul."
“Okay,” John says finally, smiling despite his concern. “How about this? I get showered but don’t get dressed, and then I make us both an enormous breakfast that we can eat together in here. How does that sound?”
John stiffened for a moment, still angry, then melted into the embrace, resting his own head beside Sherlock’s and trying to steady his ragged breathing. He closed his eyes. “Just don’t ever do it again,” he said, voice trembling despite his best efforts.
Sherlock gave him a piercing look. “You really only understand brute force, don’t you? You have no mind for schemes or cajoling, or even how to play on another man’s desires. You think that just because you’re bigger and stronger and have more guns things will always go your way, don’t you? Did you really learn nothing from sharing Jim Moriarty’s bed for the better part of a decade? I have literally never met someone with less subtly. Do you actually just
“Your past,” John whispers, and Sherlock stiffens but stays quiet. “My past. I think we should talk about them. Sometimes. A little. I think pretending our pasts don’t exist isn’t safe for us… it’s dangerous. It’s how we hurt each other. I know you can’t always tell me things, that you don’t know how. And I don’t always want you know what’s going through my head either. But we have to…try. As much as we might hate to admit it, what came before still effects us both.”
“Aside from your recreational use of street drugs? No. I was keeping an eye on your pulse. You know, to make sure you didn’t die. As for the trousers, you would know better than me. You were wearing them when I got home.”
"Me?" John gives a nervous laugh. "I'm not a brain specialist and I certainly don't know how to run an fMRI machine! Of course I'll go with you, and I know just the doctor you need see, she's completely brilliant, you can trust her-"
“Wait. You don’t need a registrar to formalize a will, and I know you know that. Just a notary.” John shuffles through the documents in his hand, squinting to make out the tiny print without his recently-adopted reading glasses.
Sherlock seemed, after an initial period of suspicion at each new thing John tried, willing to go along with it, although he watched John like a hawk whenever he thought he wasn’t looking, as if this all might be a trap or an elaborate joke of some kind. John ignored him placidly and went on as if nothing had changed between them.
That seems to be enough to get John to let it go and after long moments of companionable silent Sherlock speaks. "You know, you mentioned that the antidote needed to get directly to the brain to work..."
John glances at Sherlock, whose face is unreadable. “I think that might be a little extreme for a social club, don’t you?” he asks carefully. “Even one that’s gone a bit off the edge.”
Sherlock reaches in his pocket and hands him a wad of bills. “That’s 200 quid,” he says. “I don’t want you to sell to me anymore. Ever. For any reason. Do you understand?”
What would he find at that address? It was beyond all hope that he would find Sherlock himself there. But there must be some reason Sherlock took the risk to leave the note in a place so easily findable by one of Moran’s people. John only hoped he was smart enough to figure it out. Sherlock had a habit of over-estimating his powers of observation – flattering, but dangerous in this scenario. He stepped out into the cold, cloudy afternoon and, unconsciously turning his collar up against the wind, walked briskly towards his new destination.
Sherlock scales the steps, fumbles for his key, and is up the hall stairs like a shot, all but tumbling into the safety of the flat. "John! John!" he yells, bursting through the door and scanning with useless eyes. No flash of light. No John.
“I’m not jealous,” John snaps. “I’m just tired of being shut out and treated like I’m not there. A few days of
“Absolutely,” John says, deadly serious. “And I still will too, if you try a fucking stunt like this again. Shit, I don’t think I like this.”
The music is the worst part, somehow. At first, when Sherlock picks up his violin again, John is thrilled. If he won’t talk, at least playing can let him express something, soothe him a bit. And he does play, for hours on end, a tune that is new to John yet somehow familiar, repeated over and over almost ceaselessly until Sherlock’s fingers grow numb and he is forced to stop, at least temporarily. By the third day the very notes of the song, whatever it is, are like nails on chalkboard to John.
of the newest ships bounced around a couple fleets until it was bought cheap by a trading company I’ve never heard of and was retrofitted to serve as a cargo ship, registered now out of Turkey. But the company that owns it is based in…” He thrusts the papers in front of John.
Sherlock shrugs off his concern and doesn’t answer. They tell Lestrade he’s not the guy, but that they ought to take him into protective custody. The DI does not look happy about this, but upon seeing the suspect is forced to agree that horrific murder on his part does seem unlikely. “I’ll be in touch,” Sherlock tells him and they head home.
“The same way I know you haven’t gotten more than four hours of sleep in a night for at least six months, that you play golf regularly but don’t enjoy it, that you recently started a new relationship and are a considerate lover, and that while you now enjoy a comfortable upper middle-class existence you actually grew up in poverty.”
“And by the way, next time you send a message with incredibly urgent information that is vital to your survival and the safety of the entire nation, would you mind being a little less god-damned enigmatic about it?”
It’s an opening. A chance to say one of the many things he’s been holding back, uncertain of the other man’s reaction. A chance to get out before his life becomes any madder, any more the property of Sherlock Holmes. He should run now, save them both the heartbreak. He should speak his feelings, give Sherlock a chance to change his mind. He should jump him and kiss him into oblivion. There are a million things he should do right now, before his friend walks out that door and signs those papers.
“Inconsequential!” The voice is agitated and shaky, but also filled with a deep hatred. “Every time I turned around, every time I tried to do something, someone stood in my way, mocked me, shut me out, rejected me. My entire life! Everything I wanted to do, one thing after another was taken from me.  I’m done with it! I wanted everyone to know that I was always smarter than them. I want them to be sorry they put me down.”
The man looks offended. “Vegans believe any kind of exploitation of our animal brethren does us all karmic damage.”
He flirts with her almost by rote, feeling guilty at the rush of pleasure from her admiration and telling himself that this what Sherlock would have him do, why the detective sent him in the first place.
After that he’d been more careful not to allow himself to become impaired around John and it is, depending on the day, more or less exactly as fine as he tells himself it is. And John seems to trust him more, like he’s passed a test now - or perhaps they both have - and he finally believes they can be in each other’s lives like they had before. Still, Sherlock can’t deny he’ll be relieved when the wedding is over and they can focus on work again. It will be good when things go back to normal. Or at least, this new version of it that they all seem to have been able to agree to let pass for normal, which will have to suffice.
Victor’s right, John doesn’t like his idea. But before he quite knows how it’s happened, he finds himself bundled up in layers of dark clothing and being rowed north along the shoreline to Scotland on the cloudy, moonless night.
One night, several months after Sherlock’s death, the doorbell rang. The doorbell never rang anymore. John was taken aback to find Sarah standing on the stoop. He hadn’t seen her in a half a year, had heard she was abroad doing Doctors Without Borders or some other such thing. He had felt guilty about how things had ended between them and decided it was best for them both to just let her fade out of his life.
Sherlock’s lips are pressed tight together, his eyes unreadable. “You told me that you would do whatever I wanted, whatever I needed. You promised me. Well, what I need is for this to stop and for you, for both of us to forget it ever happened. Will you do that for me?”
Her nostrils flare, but she does take his arm, sidling up to him and giving a throaty laugh out of nowhere which is uncannily believable. They stroll out of the main ballroom and the instant they are out of sight of most of the guests, she drops the pleasant expression and moves to extricate her arm.
Sherlock's been shaved by barbers and servants many times before, though most often these days he prefers to do it himself. Some might be surprised at that, he supposes, given his dislike of physical contact with all but his closest associates, surprised that he's comfortable letting a stranger hold a blade to his throat. But the distant professionalism of the situation reduces his agitation, rather than increasing it. And, Sweeney Todd always excepted, most barbers are motivated not to cut up their clients. This, though, is different.
Sherlock doesn't look at the man. Instead, he contemplates the city sky line in the slanted afternoon light. "2.7 minutes after I regained my faculties. Disappointed?"
They break apart and fall to the duvet, hot, sweaty, panting, but keeping fingers and legs in contact, afraid if they stop touching the moment will be gone somehow. John has never felt so completely used up and so completely fulfilled at the same time. He feels his heart swell with emotion, but says nothing, only lazily traces patterns on Sherlock’s forearm.
He is surprised at how much coaxing it takes for a man so obviously smitten, and begins to second-guess himself, wondering if he has misinterpreted all the signs. But once they meet in that first kiss, so soft and wet, Sherlock’s body trembling beneath his, wanting to respond even while being completely overwhelmed, John knows there is no turning back. That would be like death, he suspects, for both of them.
"I have a name," Sherlock says slowly, thinking back to a case almost a year ago. To a screaming red dye-job who knew more than she should have. "Hanna Mihov."
“Sherlock… you have some good points there, but there’s so much other evidence,” Lestrade says evenly. “Is it possible you’re seeing things that just aren’t there?”
Bryant swallows nervously. “I’m getting to that. Sometime last year something changed in the club. It got more serious, the more extreme members ended up with officer positions, and instead of a tone of ‘oh, we all have red hair, people make fun of us, gotta stick to together’ meetings instead started to involve resentment and distrust of everyone who was not like us. I stopped going, kind of distanced myself from the whole thing. I felt guilty about it, but it just wasn’t like it used to be and I didn’t want to hate anyone, especially because of something as silly as hair colour. It was all fine for a while, I went about my life. But then I started noticing….people.”
This got an annoyed scowl out of Sherlock, but at least he finally focused on John, and put the violin down.
“Okay, that was just cruel,” John tells him, irritably. “And you did it on purpose, too. Knock it off. She was no threat to you, and you know it. And what about that waiter last night? He was all over me, and you thought it was the funniest thing you’d ever seen.”
Was Sherlock even capable of any of that? And assuming he was, would it be enough for John? He thought so, but there was a nagging doubt in his head that part of him would always be longing for a girl to hold and giggle with and curl up on the sofa on Sunday mornings with, even as he lusted after his flatmate, even as he knew in his heart he loved him more than he could ever love any woman. Sex was straightforward enough, and so was friendship, but did he know how to be in a relationship with another man? And did Sherlock know how to be in one at all?
TO BE HONEST LIKE I JUST DRANK A POT OF COFFEE. I'LL BE GLAD WHEN WE'RE OFF THE TUBE, I DON'T TRUST ANY OF THESE PEOPLE. AND THERE ARE SOUNDS. LIKE WINGS.
Now that the immediate danger is over, Sherlock's thoughts instantly turn to the cause of all this. He hadn't had time or means to think about it before, when just surviving took all of his mind and energy, but now it's all he can think of. He closes his eyes, creating a blank slate on which to project the data and sense memories of the past week. There has to be something there, something he can use.
Sherlock gripped John’s shoulders. “This is the only way. You have to know that. I promise, I will stay in touch, I will let you know if I’m in trouble. I need to know you’re safe, and that there’s someone back home who will come for me, no matter what. You won’t be able to help me if you’re in trouble with me. It won’t be like last time, because I’m alive and you know it.”
“Why don’t you start at the beginning?” John says patiently. “Remember, I can’t actually hear what you say to me when I’m not here.”
Sherlock sniffs. “Since when are you so concerned about virtue, John? What age did you start at, again? Bit of a double standard there.”
.” Mrs. Hudson clucks, shaking her head. Sherlock throws himself violently into his chair and shrugs off her sympathetic pat on the shoulder. She makes a sound like she’s about to say something else, but thinks better of it and excuses herself downstairs.
"Difficult? Well, obviously the logistics required to ensure everything goes smoothly are complex, but I wouldn't exactly qualify it as difficult."
Sherlock watched John leave, in a fury for no reason he could name. His head still pounded and his nerves screamed at him. He wanted to jump out of his skin, but there was no escape.
The need in his voice wakes the hunger in John, and he nods eagarly. He rolls over and feels Sherlock line himself up, long fingers gripping his hips tightly, and then slowly, too slowly, slides himself inside of John, just a tiny bit. Pleasure and pain explode behind John’s eyes, but he finds himself begging for more, more, please Sherlock
"They're in the house, Sherlock," John says. "My God, I don't have my gun. Okay, you go out the window, I'll hold them off!"
“No idea. But it was someone who went to a lot of trouble to frame our friend here – planting fingerprints, using his chemicals, stealing and returning his boots. He was trying to kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. Suspect and victim didn’t know each other, but I’ll bet there’s someone who knows, and hates, both of them. Now if you’re wise, you’ll release this incredibly unlucky man and start looking for a mutual connexion!”
“Where is he?” John begs. “There has to have been a mistake! Show him to me… why isn’t he here on the table? Did you send him back up once you realised?”
John looked at his friend with pity. It must be difficult to be tortured by your own mind, day in and day out. He’d had enough of a taste of that to know, and he was sure it wasn’t half of what Sherlock was going through. “Does it always take you like this? This isn’t a normal reaction.”
At some point he manages to remind himself if he doesn’t get some sleep he’s going to be useless tomorrow and drags himself to the sofa. He still can’t face the bedroom. Sleep comes much faster than it has been for him and whether it’s the effort he’s put in thinking or the distraction of the case, at least tonight his dreams don’t haunt him so.
John interrupts this depressing string of can'ts. "We'll go in tonight, at 11 pm. Molly knows a guy and the place will be all but deserted."
"You look tired. Why don't you try and get some rest? I'll see what I can find out from my old colleagues in petroleum-world, but it might take a few days."
Sherlock slams his hand on the table, and, finding that unsatisfying, overturns it violently, sweeping glassware off the counter as well and hurling a tea mug against the wall, watching it shatter against the wall and leave little bits of ceramic embedded in the paper. It doesn’t help.
“Because no one would ever believe me to be a ginger, John. Besides, things are always much more interesting down with the help.”
She put a hand up at his protest. “But you’re always welcome, please remember that.” She looked at him with such sad eyes that all he could think to do was kiss her fair cheek and walk away quickly.
In a moment strong arms, familiar arms are grabbing him, drawing him out of the bonfire and dragging him to the safety of the cool church lawn. He blinks smoke and the haze of the drugs out of his eyes and looks up fuzzily into the faces of Sherlock Holmes and Mary Morstan. Their expressions mirror each other; in equal measure frantic, frightened, and tender. Between the ordeal of the fire and the ensuing cognitive dissonance, it's too much for him and the world goes black.
“Oh. That…thing. Actually, I’d really rather not. I still consider myself married to my work. I don’t want more than that.”
In the taxi, Sherlock turns his head to the window and scans his eyes back and forth, unseeing. John assumes he is thinking of how now to trap their aerially gifted larcenist and lets him be. When they arrive home, John helps him up the stairs and to his chair. He examines Sherlock and pronounces it just a mild sprain, based mostly on Sherlock's faked reactions to his manipulations. He wraps it efficiently and orders him to keep it up with an ice pack on it for the rest of the day.
Despite his studied reluctance in front of his brother, Sherlock is all but salivating over this dominatrix case. It certainly is out of their usual scope. John has never seen Sherlock take quite so long to decide which of his many disguises and uniforms will suit his purpose in an investigation. The only thing he tells John about his plan is that John is to set off the fire alarm two minutes after Sherlock’s signal, once he’s alone with Ms. Adler.
John manages a long sleep which, if not free of nightmares, is more restful than most of what he’s been getting. Even though his intent in coming up here wasn’t just to get out of 221B, he can feel it’s doing him good. Although there are still memories haunting this place, they’re nothing like as numerous or intense, and the scenery couldn’t be more different. It’s quiet too, but not in the empty, hollow way Baker Street has become. Quiet like a church or an abbey. Peaceful.
John is completely unable to get up now, so Sherlock lowers himself carefully down next to him, with their backs to the enormous tree. At least it provides a little shelter from the downpour.
When Sherlock wakes, John is sitting on the floor slumped against the side of his bed, fast asleep. He cringes as the memory of the previous night comes back to him. He is ashamed of his actions, and puzzled by them. He doesn’t understand the things he does lately. It’s like he has no control over himself when it comes to John. Even now, sober in the light of day, he has to repress the urge to run his hand through John’s hair.
John stared at the text in bewilderment. Sherlock’s messages were often cryptic, but this was a whole new level. “Forgive me” was unlike him to start, but the second part of the message…  it had a literary ring to it, definitely a quotation. Shakespeare? Paraphrased, John thought. He wracked his brain trying to remember his A-Level literature. Which play? For some reason Hamlet stuck in his mind.
They looked levelly at one another for a long moment, sizing each other up. John’s hand tensed at his hip. At last Mr. Božić nodded curtly. “I will get it immediately. One moment.”
She smiles sourly. “You’ve gotten good at this. Yes, for all the world we’re a legitimate shipping operation, taking unremarkable cargo to unremarkable places at fair prices. We just offer more...personalised...service to a particularly discreet clientele on our way.”
John obeys, shuddering at last into Sherlock’s stilled hand, the merciless beating against him extending the crescendo and building it to dizzying heights until John loses all strength and collapses against the duvet, content to allow Sherlock to use his body for as long as he wants while John rides the final notes down into pleasant exhaustion.
win – and Moriarty is dead or behind bars, then there will be nothing left to worry about. No reason we can’t…”
He was in the shower when the buzzer rang again that evening. It was a bit earlier than Sarah had said she’d be back. He should have given her a spare key. “Mrs. Hudson can you get that?” he yelled over the running water, and was gratified to hear the door open and shut downstairs.
The man nods sympathetically, sitting down beside him. "Can't help you there, friend. You're not pretty enough for my line of work. Try the docks."
And Sherlock feels John’s fury and John’s terror and John’s devotion in every movement, he feels the abandon, that John is giving Sherlock everything, every bit of him, even now, even when John could easily lose it all, lose Sherlock and everything he’s given Sherlock, still he gives more. John is claiming him this way, John is trying to hold on to him, trying to keep him here the only way he knows how. John won’t let the void have him, he won’t let anyone have him, not even his own fickle mind.
, Sherlock?” John’s voice isn’t angry, but there’s just enough of an edge to it to tell Sherlock that his friend is not finding his lack of ability to communicate charming right now.
Victor shrugs. "It's not like I particularly wanted to take his real name after all that, and 'Trevor' is easier to spell than 'Virvirkhvist'. I'm sorry I can't help you find out more about your friend though."
Sherlock is fierce and determined, pinning John down as he starts to undress him. John can barely breathe, barely think, barely do anything but bury his hands in Sherlock’s tangle of dark curls and hold on as Sherlock ravishes him, claims him as his own. He understands that tonight it is not about him, not really. It is about Sherlock. John has never been the submissive type, but tonight he will let Sherlock take what he needs, he will be whatever Sherlock wants, give himself unreservedly in whatever manner his friend requires. It’s the only thing he can do for him.
Sherlock hesitates. Even the ghost of the memory is enough to turn him on, but it feels his current predicament is too serious for that sort of activity at the moment. There’s too much to worry about, too much that could end badly if the Baskerville drug isn’t the answer.
"You're sliding up my torso, leaning over and rubbing your chest on my back. Your teeth are on the nape of my neck as your hands are rubbing up and down my arms. Your erection is touching the base of my spine and your legs are lined up with mine."
John grins and it almost touches his eyes. "Agreed. I was thinking we should have a little celebration at home. I mean, at Baker Street. You know, that we're not all dead. Have Molly and her chap. I was thinking I'd ask Mary round too, so everyone could get to know her."
“Don’t get used to it,” Sherlock says, but without venom. Somehow John has been backed against the wall and Sherlock has blocked his exit with an arm. Sherlock also seems uncertain as to how they got here, but doesn’t move.
As soon as he got to his room, he locked it and ripped open the cartons. Row after row of emerald packs stared up at him. Twelve lions and twelve badgers danced on the packages. He dug through the boxes. Six deep in each. He opened one of the cigarette packs. It contained cigarettes. Twenty-one of them. He made a noise of frustration, and checked ten other packs. All the same. It couldn’t be a dead end, it just couldn’t be.
“And you’ll say nothing to John about it?” Sherlock presses. “You can hardly accuse me of using this as a way to make him stay with me if he doesn’t know about it.”
“You loved him, didn’t you? Oh, but poor Sebastian, he didn’t love you. Not the ideal foundation for a relationship…”
Sherlock looks at him, at last, and the empty, appalled tone is heartwrenching. “John, I don’t know what came over me… I didn’t mean for it to go this far…I shouldn’t have… I should have controlled myself…I’ll go. I should go…”
Sherlock shakes and tilts his head violently, trying to make a sound, trying to find an angle to orient to, any noise, any sense of direction. Slowly he realises that there is a rhythm in the dark. Something pressing on him, tapping.
“I’m sorry, John,” Greg says firmly, voice rising as a crowd of constables and detectives begins to form around them hall. “But I’ve told you, there’s nothing more we can do. There’s no more case, no conspiracy. You just have to accept that Sherlock Holmes was a deeply troubled man and that’s all there is to it!”
YOU BET I DON’T. AND I DON’T WANT TO UNDERSTAND. BECAUSE WHATEVER IT IS INSIDE YOU THAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT ENDING YOUR LIFE IS A VIABLE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM FOR EITHER OF US DOESN’T DESERVE UNDERSTANDING. IT DESERVES TO BE DESTROYED. IT DOESN'T GET TO HAVE YOU. IT DOESN'T GET TO WIN. YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW, BUT I CAN SEE IT THERE, IN YOUR EYES. YOU THINK IT'S YOU BUT IT'S NOT, IT'S LYING TO YOU AND YOU BELIEVE IT. YOU BELIEVE IT MORE THAN YOU BELIEVE ME. AND I'M NOT GOING TO PUT UP WITH IT AND I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU GO, AND IF THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO KEEP YOU PRESENT, THEN THAT’S WHAT I’M GOING TO DO, BECAUSE I’M OUT OF GODDAMN IDEAS.
“Jesus,” John breathes. He’s only 16 and she’s only 14. Apparently both sets of parents had objected vehemently on the basis of their respective ethnicities and religions. He shivers. Sherlock inspects the room while John goes over the bodies, but everything is exactly as it had seemed on first glance. Impulsive, hormonal kids couldn’t see past the immediate future, think they would rather die than be separated. They are still in each other’s arms.
Sherlock recoils, retreating to the other side of the room and John finally steps inside and closes the door behind him.
John furrows his brow in concentration. “Maybe that they wanted to scare him? Or that they want something that only he has, not something they could get just anywhere?”
“Then I have little choice. You know, at some point in the future I will probably hate you very much for this.”
Sherlock appears torn between answering honestly and not replying. At last he says, “Yes. Something.”
Sherlock sniffs and goes back to observing the crowd. After a few moments he perks up visibly. “Oh, interesting,” he breathes.
Sherlock hesitates for a fraction of a second and then obeys. She sleepily twines her arms around Sherlock’s neck as he lifts her, holding her close but little uncertainly.
Sherlock is breathing heavily, aware that there is a space between them again, unsure if the anger and hurt is about to return, if this was a renewal of closeness or a goodbye, not wanting to ask. Both men are awkward, feeling they have just shared more than they intended, uncertain what it means. Finally, Sherlock finds the courage to say, “John? Can I…may I…hold you?”
FINE, John says, the impact of it enough to leave a mark. IF I HAVE TO FUCK SOME SENSE INTO YOU I WILL.
Mycroft shakes his head. “He was on the edge before he met you. He was slipping, John, and I think he knew it. I suspect that’s why he suddenly decided to stop living alone. He was hoping the presence of another person would be enough of an obstacle to keep it from happening.”
"Myelin is like an insulator for your brain," John tells him, tugging at his hair and ears repetitively and cracking his neck like a tic. "It forms around your neurons, it protects them and keeps everything from going haywire. Without it..."
“Any of the two hundred other people in this room, Sherlock,” John replies with a tolerant sigh. “Maybe I can find some old money of my own.”
Sherlock doesn’t bother to protest, letting John lead him to the kerb as he attempts to calm his heart, and wipe the phlegm and saliva off his skin. When they get home he goes straight into the shower, hoping to wash away the unpleasant sensation as well as the terror that had been clutching at him in the street.
John was right, it isn’t the same. It’s wonderful, and far more happiness than Sherlock knows he has a right to, but it is different. John has his work and his daughter, his own home. He rarely spends the night anymore and although when they are together they fall into comfortingly familiar patterns, that time is never enough.  Sherlock, and their cases, are a part of his life, a large part, but not the entirety of it and Sherlock forces down the urge to demand to be.
Sherlock grins and obliges with enthusiasm. John doesn’t scream, but only because he bites the sleeve of his jacket hard enough to make a permanent imprint. Sherlock is bringing all his considerable skill to the table in the blatant attempt to get John to cry out, but John isn’t going to let him win today. It’s bad for his megalomania.
, and smell him, and smell his own sick, taste it on his tongue. He exists once more. The world exists, though it is greatly diminished.
“It’s just a trick, just a magic trick,” the beloved voice tells him, and he doesn’t believe it for a second. Even when he says, “Goodbye, John,” and plunges over the edge, John doesn’t believe it, not his words, not his actions. It can’t be possible that this is happening. Not even when he hears the sickening sound of Sherlock hitting the pavement.
Sherlock snorts. "If you can call that work, at what they pay scabs. Here." Glancing around furtively, he produces a crumpled paper from his pocket that bears a crudely drawn symbol of a bee in a hexagon with a prominent stinger, a drop of poison hanging off the tip. "I've got references. And job skills."
“Good enough for me.” John comes over to him and slips an arm around his waist. No one’s around and it’s comforting to feel him physically again after hours of shouting commands, so Sherlock doesn’t protest. “Look, why don’t we try and get some rest and have at it again tomorrow. The new labs will be back, maybe that will give you a direction to look in, and if nothing else, we’ll both be fresher. Okay?”
“I’ll take that bet,” Sherlock tells him, finally getting a hand inside John’s trousers and biting at his collarbone.
Bryant is here – he came in about two hours ago and is still in his office. What use are you if you can’t even keep track of the employees? For the love of Christendom, look at your computer once in awhile.”
"If you are really content as you are, happier on your own, then by all means continue this way. There are many advantages to it. But if not, if there is some fear or belief that is stopping you from pursuing something you truly want..." he trails off, uncomfortable with this level of intimacy, even with Victor. He clears his throat.
“Ah, excellent,” Sherlock says. “Here’s one for you. One Ms. Hanna Mihov, unless I'm quite mistake. Citizen of Bulgaria and high placed member of Les Butineuses. I suspect she will be able to tell you some very interesting things. Watch out, she’s a fighter.”
Victor embraces Sherlock immediately, but with carefully modulated reserve, and his only question is, "Dear Lord, did you
Mrs. Hudson can clearly read all this in his face and pats his arm gently before changing the subject.
So he makes his peace with Sherlock, with the life they’d had together. He visits the grave for the first time since he'd said goodbye. He makes it up with Mrs. Hudson for the years of neglect, of not being able to face her. He visits 221B and offers to help, finally, clear it out. He does the things he was supposed to have done two years ago to close out that chapter.
Sherlock looks from Irene to John and back again, and John realises with a start that not only is his friend completely thrown off balance but that Sherlock’s body is also responding to this brazen display. It’s almost undetectable but John knows even the tiniest signs, oh so very well. He finds Sherlock’s predicament entertaining for almost two whole seconds until he also realises that Sherlock is discomfited by her nakedness. Sherlock is never bothered by nakedness, his own or anyone else’s, as he’s well proved today. Except…
"I would have done anything you asked of me, you know," John continues, no longer yelling and his voice low and unsteady in a way that is physically painful to hear. "If you'd asked me to wait for you, I'd have waited until hell froze over. If you'd asked me to follow you I'd have given up everything and plunged after you into the unknown, for as long as it took. If you'd asked me to die for you I would have stood there and let the sniper take his best shot at me. But you asked me to let you go. And I did."
“Well, none of us can escape our upbringing, not really,” John says, patting him on the arm carefully. “Family parties always seem to bring out the best in people. You’re smoking, I’m drunk…let’s go home before someone ends up in tears, shall we?”
John makes his way back to Corvin Castle the same way he came, brushing dully past Victor's concerned inquiries as he goes straight to his room. He sinks into a restless sleep of jumbled, half-formed nightmares. The next morning, unable to avoid it, he recounts what he's learned to Victor in as little detail as possible.
John stops and glares at him. “You know, I can actually think of worse things. But apparently you can’t.” He continues walking to the main road, where the taxi is waiting.
Not much he’ll be able to tell anything from whatever’s left, but he’s not in the mood to just stand around. Lestrade points him to the dining room, with white tape on the floor marking the spot. John kneels to examine the area. There’s a little bit of blood on the floor and on the sharp corner of the table and residue of something on the hardwood that might have been saliva, but it had dried. A chair had been knocked over, but there are no other signs of a struggle.
When someone finally entered his cell, Sherlock was sitting perched on the metal platform that was intended to serve as a bunk, his legs drawn up to his chest and his hands steepled under his nose. His eyes were closed.
Sherlock is somehow both relieved and disappointed. He stretches and gets out of bed, retrieving his violin from the top of his dresser and beginning to play almost absently, attempting to soothe his frayed nerves. John closes his eyes and leans his head back, listening with obvious pleasure.
“You had a screw loose,” Sherlock said dryly, not moving. And indeed, on the floor next to his manacles and blindfold, there was one tiny screw that had been removed from the bunk supports.
he could get a bus from Ivalo to Jyivsinkää when he arrived, although he wasn’t totally clear on that part. There wasn’t a lot of English information available online for such a small town. He’d have to try his luck though. There had to be some way to get there. Then he just had to locate Moran’s compound, find a way in, catch Moran off guard, and find Sherlock.
“Good,” said John, though his heart sank. “You are to give the shipment to me, at once. I will take it directly to Mr. Moran.”
real, it reverberates through him, a note coursing along a too-tight violin string, growing stronger and purer as it goes and at last settling in the pit of his stomach and sending shockwaves out into his extremities.
“You’ll need those,” Sherlock says curtly, and before John can even be amazed that his friend has made tea he realises he feels like he’s got the worst hangover of his life. He downs the tea and the pills and sits.
When John’s finished, trembling with the aftershocks, he hauls Sherlock to his feet by his lapels and kisses the still-sloppy mouth. “You are a very bad man,” he informs Sherlock, as he puts himself back together. “A right wanker. You’re going to pay for that when we get home.”
Sherlock continues, “You, I need to be a person, to make me whole. Her, I need as a counterweight, to stand in relief. She’s my negative polarity. Or maybe I’m hers. We orbit each other, in each other’s influence but if we get too close everything burns. As long as she exists, I can exist. If there’s not hope for her… I think there might not be any hope for me.”
Sherlock quickly reviews the turns they've take. He's pretty certain they went out the main doors of Bart's. "North. The north side of the street. We're walking east towards... Noble Street." He's less confident this time, but John squeezes his fingers, pleased.
“As you prefer,” Mycroft’s ever smooth, ever smug voice comes over the speaker. “But I’ll wager by now you’ve slipped away from the festivities and I’m the only one who’s bothered to check on you. Am I wrong?”
But he didn’t joke with him, he didn’t make any sarcastic comments, he didn’t ask any questions. He didn’t even rage at Sherlock, or storm out and go to the pub to get away from him – that would have been within the limits of what Sherlock still considered a good reaction. But this, this was a smooth, frigid anger, an anger that didn’t have any edges, didn’t leave any way in. It baffled Sherlock. He made a few attempts at gaining a foothold, once trying to provoke John into a fight, and then resorting quiet acts of apology – straightening up the flat, ordering John’s favourite takeaway for supper. Neither got him anywhere.
John doesn’t waste a second throwing on clothes and grabbing his gun and jacket. He bursts through the door, not even bothering to lock up behind him. He leaps down the stairs two at a time and nearly runs over Mrs. Hudson on his way out. He grabs her shoulders to steady her. “So very sorry, Mrs. Hudson, emergency, have to go!”
John hit him again, then raised the gun to the man’s temple. “Do you really want to test that theory?”
John’s not surprised by this infatuation, but it does trouble him, as does Sherlock’s increasing level of frustration. He’s always moody, particularly when working, but he’s been growing more and more randomly destructive and morose lately, usually a sign of boredom in him. Sherlock’s dangerous when he’s bored, but he can’t possibly be bored now.
The days crawl by for John, time seeming not to pass at all sometimes. And yet, somehow, he looks up every once in a while and discovers it’s been a month, six months, a year. He’s opened a practice, become successful – possibly because he works every instant he’s awake – bought a small flat, made a handful of friends. Somehow, he’s moved on and the pain of missing Sherlock has moved with him, like a thorn in his side, always hurting but so familiar now as to go unnoticed for long periods of time.
John can’t help being completely melted and not a little turned on by that, but he tries to stay focused. “But it hasn’t always been like this since we met, has it?”
Molly shudders again at the anger in his voice. “John, I swear I tried to stop him, to at least wait for you. But Mycroft had his will. There was an overriding clause in it that in case of death by…by…suicide… the body was to be turned over to Mycroft Holmes immediately, without examination or consultation of the inheritor… of you… I’m sorry…”
"You both saved my life. And let's not forget I somehow went two entire years without a single attempt on it. Sherlock Holmes returns and it's what? Three days before I'm embroiled in some kind of terrorist scheme and being roasted alive just to warn him off the case?"
Sherlock explains as briefly and simply as he can, about Moriarty, the contract on John and the others, the plan he hatched with Molly and Mycroft to escape, why it was vital John know nothing of it.
John stares at it, confused, for a moment. Then it dawns on him. This must have been from one of Sherlock’s trips, his note on where he’d gone in case things went wrong. How he’d expected John to find it in a box he hadn’t gone through in several years, John has no idea, but it is rather consistent with Sherlock’s thought process. But which trip had this been? He’s only been gone a few times in the past year, since their agreement has been in force.
They finish work on the hives by noon and Sherlock agrees to stay one more night, but excuses himself to his room for the afternoon to do some work. The sun has come out and it's grown warm, and from his place in the east turret he has a fine view of the gardens below and the cliffs overlooking the sea.
But if he can pull a string to unravel the complicated and unnatural system of control Moriarty had put in place just for him, much of it will collapse in on itself. Pre-existing factions will turn on each other, alliances will dissolve, and both Sherlock and the world would be a lot safer.
“Probably not,” John admits. He flops down on his stomach next to Sherlock and props himself up on his elbows. He says, keeping frustration and hurt out of his voice as far possible, “Why didn’t you tell me you went to rescue Irene Adler?”
“Mr. Holmes.” Moran inclined his head. “I apologise for the delay as well as the method of bringing you here. I was abroad and had to wrap up some business before I could return. I hope you will forgive my rudeness.”
John snorts. “Incredible. But one more thing. How could you have possibly known he’s a considerate lover? You had to have taken a shot in the dark with that one. Besides, no one wants to think he’s an inconsiderate lover. No man would contradict you.”
Suddenly there a loud noise in his left ear and a spray of wetness on the side of his face. Already wired, Sherlock jumps practically out of his skin and turns to the source, ready to defend himself.
He repeats the performance without being spotted, and then at the third gate slips through and remains still just on the other side, while they manoeuvre the lorry into the dock, watching. There are three people in the cab, the driver, a large man, and a woman, medium build, who looks edgy and frustrated with her companions. The large man, the muscle, gets out and opens the back of the lorry and then returns to the cab, grumbling about the cold as he gets back in.
John’s last few days with Sherlock are painful and frightening; he knows something is not right but Sherlock has asked him trust him. And he does. John never believes Sherlock won’t figure out how to catch the villain and save them both, never believes they won’t end up back in 221b holding each other against the cruelty of the world – perhaps a little more battle-scarred, but safe and together.
John set his jaw. He’d lost Sherlock once, he wasn’t about to again. He stood up. “I need something to go on,” he said, eerily calm. “A name, a place, something. He could be anywhere.”
Sherlock sits up slowly, a little at a time, drunk on the vastness of sensory input flooding his brain. He leans over to check John's vitals, just to be sure. He's fine.
The first real moment of doubt had come standing on the roof top of the hospital. Moriarty is dead, John is pleading with him over the phone as he lies and lies about who he is and what he’s done. Lies that sound ridiculous even as he’s repeating them in his most convincing tone.
He turns and flees the morgue, not at a run but at a precise and stiff military walk, letting his body remember how to get him home when his mind is all but gone. He does not see Molly put her head to her knees and begin to weep silently.
“Moran seemed pretty certain he would have you soon, if his men didn’t already,” Sherlock commented. “But you thought you lost them back in Zagreb. How did you manage to get past them this time?”
Mycroft puts his cup down. “Sherlock has asked me to change his will. He also asked me not to tell you about it.”
He sweeps out and John follows, pausing for a quick thank you to Greg and avoiding looking at Anderson at all. John is unprepared when instead of heading for the exits, Sherlock makes a sharp right turn and pushes him into the loo, jamming the door behind them.
He finished his meal and helped clear up, and they settled on the sofa with mugs of tea. John yawned. “Thanks for letting me come here. Sometimes I need to get away.”
John puts two fingers to the bridge of his nose. “Of course you don’t. Why would it occur to you that if you had managed to come to that conclusion before--”
John reaches it just in time to grab hold of a tweed sleeve as he slips through, but the door slams shut with heavy steel finality and John has to jump back to avoid having his arm sliced off. He finds himself standing alone, with nothing but a slightly worn jacket in his hands and a deep bone bruise on his upper arm to show for his pursuit.
Mycroft sighed deeply. “John, this isn’t easy. He came to me a month ago, made me swear that I would say nothing to you or anyone else. He was trying to track down the rest of Moriarty’s organization but was having trouble locating his second-in-command. He thought if he could find him, he could get the proof he needed to destroy Moriarty’s legacy once and for all and exonerate himself, so that he could come back. All his leads had gone cold. He needed my help. I gave him all the information I could, and he set off on his hunt. I haven’t heard from him in three weeks, John. Not a whisper or a rumor. He’s disappeared, completely.”
