I surprised myself by finishing this so quickly! Thank you so much for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it.
Tony pushed Steve down on the piano bench and sat down next to him once again.
“I know, but that doesn’t mean you’re still not hurt. We are alone out here, and it’s better that we know now before it gets any worse.”
“Well, we’ve been talking about it for a while and I think it’s time that we finally start Star Wars.” There were a few hums of agreement and a small woop from Clint, excited as always.
“Oh,” The statement had left Tony at a loss for words.
And with that, Steve began to play.
It was the second time that day that Tony woke up. Except this time, it happened slowly. He felt groggy, like he didn’t want to open his eyes and become aware of what was going on. With his eyes closed, he took stock of his other senses. His mouth tasted like death, and his bed wasn’t as soft as it usually was. The room itself smelled of chemicals, and he became aware of the beeping of a heart monitor. He finally decided to open his eyes and saw that he was laying in a hospital bed.
“Well, shit.”
“Forgot what? Where are we going? Don’t kidnap me, I’ve had enough of that for one lifetime”, Tony said, truly unaware of what was happening.
“But I guess I figured that the most amazing genius and the world's best captain had something in common. The universe couldn’t keep that awesome apart, know could it? That would go against the laws of everything good.” Tony had a joking tone to his voice, but Steve knew that words were sincere.
“Perfect! Jarvis, can you please play Titanic?”
“Doll, it’s ok. You can rest. I’ve got you.” Steve adjusted his grip so that Tony had no choice besides resting his head in the crook of Steve’s neck.
“But-”
“You hungry, Shellhead? I found some freeze-dried blueberries, protein bars, and some sort of beef jerky. If you’re feeling up to it, you should eat something.”
Before long, he stopped, realizing he doesn’t remember what comes next. It's been too long to remember it all.
He made the mistake of thinking it was ok to move, trying to roll onto his back. That’s when his stomach lurched and he sat straight up. Not caring how much his body hurt, he got to the bathroom as quick as could and leaned over the toilet.
Normally when he would come home, Steve would come and greet him with a kiss on the cheek and check to make sure he was ok. However, the penthouse was empty today. Steve was gone doing work with Shield and Tony on his own. Which was fine, totally fine. He could take care of himself no problem. He didn’t need Steve just because he was tired.
Through all the pain and worry, that statement made Tony flush. Tony wanted to pretend that Steve felt that way, that he really wanted to take care of him, but Tony knew it was only within this context. Tony was injured, and Steve was just offering this as a courteous gesture, one friend to another.
Tony finally looked around as Steve finished speaking. Besides the skid from where the quinjet had crashed and its smoking twisted wreckage, there was nothing around but trees.
He heard Steve moving and then felt the bed dip and he laid down next to Tony. He moved close enough so that Tony knew he was there but not too close that they were touching. Tony started to cough a little and Steve rubbed his back through it.
Steve gave a good laugh, a full-bodied one, walking quickly to keep up with Tony. They made it out to a back hallway behind the main ballroom, no one in sight. Steve proceeded to tug on Tony’s hand, pulling their bodies back together.
“Is that why you started to push me away?” Steve questioned, already knowing the answer.
When Tony was young, M.I.T young, he would fall asleep in the library or on Rhodey’s room floor. It was also the start of working so long in the lab that he would pass out in front of whatever project he was working on at the time.
“You didn’t have to do that.” Tony moved just enough so that his head was resting by Steve’s leg, making it easier for him to rub Tony’s head.
“I would love to.”  Steve looked at Tony and smiled; he would do anything to make this man happy.
“Yeah, sweetheart?”
From that point on, Steve stopped coming around all together. No more asking if Tony was free, no more knocking on the door and waiting to see if Tony would answer. When he did see Tony, it was just a polite hello and not much more. He no longer tried to bring Tony food in the lab and didn’t tell Tony to sleep.
“Of course. I’ll take care of you.”
“Of course, Captain,” and the screen light up with the open title sequence.
The next couple weeks, he did a good job of staying away. He honestly had work that had to get done. Paperwork that he had been putting off, meetings that kept him out of the tower for a few days in a row. He worked on updates and went to bed at odd hours, hoping to not run into anyone in the elevator.
“Hey Tones, are you all right?” Steve stared back at him, concern written all over his face.
It was a soft kiss, no real heat behind it, and over too soon, but it was one of the best kisses Tony had ever experienced. His whole body felt the vibrations of two souls meant to be, finally coming together. The tingles that he felt in his soulmark spread, and felt so warm and right.
“Yeah, I remember that much.” And he did. The whole battle felt pretty standard until the point that Tony can’t remember.
“Oh,” Tony tried to keep the disappointment out of his voice, but even he could hear it.
“Speaking of dancing…” and Steve held out his hand, just as the music shifted to a slow-tempo waltz.
“Yes, I think that you should make a note of that for the future,” Tony said, grabbing Steve’s hand and pulling him toward the exit.
“Yeah yeah yeah, I love you too.” With that, Tony hung up the phone.
“Yup, I did. Just laid down for a little bit, combatting the stress for working with people and not robots.” As he spoke, Tony noticed how rough his voice was sounding and tried to clear his throat.
“Of course it is, Capsicle. I am in control of all my facilities.” Tony started to turn away, not really wanting to face Steve head on anymore.
He also knew about waking up in places that he had no memory of being.
“And I am going to cuddle you while you sleep because I just got you and I’m not about to let you go.” Tony felt butterflies in his stomach at Steve’s statement.
One of the hardest parts was movie night. He made an effort to actually remember, hoping that things could feel a little bit like they used to. When he walked in, he noticed that Steve wasn’t in their regular spot on the loveseat, but had taken up residence in one of the arm chairs, leaving Natasha to sit on the loveseat.
Tony shot up and walked over to a semi-hidden bookcase. He pulled out a folder and walked back over to Steve.
He set them down and then picked what looked like the softest one and wrapped it around Tony’s shoulders. He draped it so carefully, and his hand lingered on the side of Tony’s neck, thumb subtly rubbing his cool skin.
“I think I spend just enough time with you, if not too little. Now stop picking and eat your food, sweetheart. You don’t like it when it’s cold.” Steve looked away briefly to place the food bag on the ground, and he missed the look on Tony’s face.
He saw the out-of-focus person start to move, cradling Tony’s body. The person's face was close enough that Tony could feel their breath on his face.
Steve was back-lit from where he was standing, the fire creating a ring of light that surrounded him. He didn’t look like he had been in a plane crash or carried a grown man through the woods. He stripped off his uniform, just wearing the pants, a t-shirt, and a plaid jacket that Tony assumed Steve had found somewhere in the cabin.
“I know you get like this when your mind won’t quiet down. I figure a movie will help you relax, and even if you can’t sleep, you can at least unwind a little.”  Steve’s eyes were soft as he spoke, some emotion behind them that Tony couldn’t quite place. Or maybe, something that he was scared to place.
He awoke abruptly, early the next morning to the sound of the Avengers alarm. He thought that this battle was going to be like any other, but fate continued with it's own plans.
“Whoa , Stevie! What are you-”
As the others left, Steve stayed with him. He had brought Tony some clothes to put on and helped him walk down the hallway of the hospital and out the front entrance. That had been a mistake. As soon as the doors slid open, cameras began to flash and reporters yelled questions at him. He just kept walking, putting more weight on Steve, feeling safer with the taller man at his side. He ignored all the questions being thrown out, until he heard one that didn’t sit well with him at all.
“Are you sure that's a good idea? You seem exhausted, how have you been sleeping?”
Tony straightened himself and ran his hand through his hair, hoping he didn’t look too much like someone who was overtired and craving to dive back into the spot he just vacated.
Steve helped him back to the bedroom and lifted him into the bed. Tony looked over at Steve and saw him gathering supplies from the bedside table. He must have gotten home while Tony was still asleep and put together all the things he would need. He walked over with a glass of water and some ibuprofen.
Tony knew that voice; he trusted that voice. He should do what that voice is saying.
“Jarvis, no. I’m sorry but I just need some sleep.”
“Yes. Yes, pleas-” and before Tony could finish his words, Steve’s lips were on his.
Thankfully, it didn’t last long as he hadn’t eaten in many hours. He continued to sit on the bathroom floor however, enjoying the feeling of the cold tiles, laying his head down on the floor. He closed his eye, trying to stop the world from spinning, when he heard a voice-
“I’m not tired. I’m okay, Cap.” Tony said as he was being set down in front of an old wooden cabin.
As he was contemplating moving to stand, he realized that Steve wasn’t in the cabin. That got Tony out of bed faster than he thought he could, up and looking, pointedly ignoring any pain that he felt. He had to find Steve, what if he had gotten hurt when Tony was sleeping? What if Tony couldn’t find him?
Tony had no idea how long he had been here, or how long it had taken him to notice Steve. He couldn’t tell if Cap was asleep or not, so he decided to just try and pull his hand away. As Tony slowly tried to remove his hand, Steve jerked his head up.
He could imagine a young Tony sitting at his mother’s side, just as he was sitting at Steve’s, feeling weary from the weight of the world. He could see young Tony taking comfort in this song that his mother played and letting himself forget where he was for a moment. Tony had said that he could never feel the music, but Steve was sure young Tony would feel the music played by his mother’s hands. Steve finds himself lost to that reality as the music continues through him.
Tony still didn't know what to say. Here he was, in the middle of the woods, being told that the man he had been in love with mere hours after they met felt the same way. This couldn’t be his life; he didn’t get to have this. There must be some hidden catch because this was too good for him.
Tony wished he was able to reach out and pull Steve back. That he could rest his head on Steve's shoulder and whisper the truth to him. Say, Hi Steve Rogers, I’m your soulmate, but life isn’t always simple. Tony had to learn that the hard way. No, not a lot in Tony’s life had been simple, and he really had no idea why he thought meeting his soulmate would be.
As Steve wandered into the penthouse, he realized that he had never really looked around before. The few times he had been there, he had been… preoccupied or something of the sort. So he decided to take his time before making his way to Tony.
“Close your eyes, sweetheart. Go back to sleep”, Tony heard as he started drifting again. The words didn’t register. All he could think about was the feeling of Steve’s hand rubbing small circles on his shoulder.
“Maybe I did. I mean, maybe not the whole, dating-falling in love- mind blowing sex- thing.”
“Home sweet home,” Tony muttered under his breath.
“Nope, not okay. Steve Rogers is in no way to blame for my injury. He did everything he could to not only save me, but diffuse the situation. I know he will always save me when the time comes.” Tony then turned away, looped his arm with Steve, and dragged him to the waiting car.
“Hopefully, it’ll keep you warm while we wait. Stay here; I’m gonna check that it’s safe.” Steve walked towards the front door, moving around to avoid any of the wood that had fallen away.
“It’s movie night”, Natasha said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Movie night, of course. How could he forget? The whole team gathered around, joking and laughing. Trying to explain plot points to Thor and Steve-
“Tony, I will always worry about you and that is not gonna change. I will worry less when you stop being so reckless. You’re one of the most important people in the world to me and I just want you to be safe. Now let me take care of you and let me go get the doctor.” Steve pulled his hand out Tony's and walked out of the room.
“So doll, what were you doing up here anyway?” Steve asked while a blush formed on Tony’s face.
Steve placed a finger under Tony’s chin and tilted his face up. He caught Tony’s eyes and tried to communicate how much he loved him before leaning in to kiss him. The kiss wasn’t heated or full of fire, just every ounce of unconditional love and support they had for each other.
“Do you play?” Steve questioned as Tony ran his hands over the keys.
Steve thought about what Tony could be grabbing. Most of his clothes have migrated into Steve’s bedroom, and most other things were always kept in the workshop. Steve’s pondering was cut short when the doors to the elevator opened.
“Hey cap, how ya’ doing?” Tony took stock of their surrounding as he spoke
In front of him sat a beautiful grand piano.
“I’m ok. I mean, I feel like I was shot out of the sky, but what can you do? I can walk, and we need to find somewhere safe. It's cold, and those clouds look like it's gonna snow.” Tony moved to stand up, wobbling on his feet as he did.
“No! I just meant- well, I just, um, you’re someone.” Steve stammered.
“Yeah, I’m uh- good. Just trying to relax.” Tony hoped that Steve would drop it, but he was never that lucky.
So when Steve asked Jarvis where Tony was, and Jarvis said the penthouse, Steve was surprised.
“Right, okay, that’s good. So things are looking good, like we might get out of there with no casualties and not too much infrastructure damage, when piledriver knocks down a support beam to a building. There had been civilians trapped inside and I was making my way over to them when you darted in to get them. You were able to get them out in time but the building fell on you.”
“That’s obviously not going to work, Tones. Here, get on.” Steve turned his back to Tony and squatted.
Just as he was about to shut everything down, he heard the door to the lab open and footsteps shuffle towards him. Tony turned to the sound and saw Steve walking toward him with a brown paper bag that smelled suspiciously like fast food.
Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this trope-y nonsense!
“Really? You don’t have to.” Tony looked somewhat shy, sharing this part of his past.
Long story short - they weren’t going anywhere else tonight, and no one was coming to get them.
“I’m not avoiding you; I’ve just been busy.” Even Tony could hear the lie in his voice, and Steve just chuckled.
“Oh sweetheart, I fell in love with you long before I knew we were soulmates. This just means I don’t have to feel guilty about it. I wanted you to be mine but I knew that you had a soulmate out there somewhere and they would be the luckiest person in the world.”
“Yeah, I mean as long as y-your fine with it,” Tony tried to keep his voice steady.
“By the way, I love you too. I love you so much, Steve Rogers.”
“Tony…”
“Tony Stark, do not antagonize him. He will wake the whole tower with his screaming.” Steve laughed light-heartedly. He turned toward Tony and the smile slid off his face.
“A true crime against humanity.” Steve pulled Tony into a hug and felt him melt into it.
Tony accepted the hand and just nodded, letting himself be pulled and walked over to the door. He tried to remove his hand from Steve’s grasp only to have his hand squeezed tighter. Tony glanced over at Steve, who was steadfastly looking forward as they walked down the hall to the elevator.
With a sigh, Tony stopped resisting and let himself be pulled out of the lab. The thought of disappointing Steve made him feel so unsettled, and if that meant he had to go and sit through a movie with him, Tony would do it. Besides, it was just a movie. Very little talking involved and he could sit far away from Steve to make it even easier.
“I’m sorry if I worried you, Tones. It’s just that the snow is getting real bad, and I had to get wood. I didn’t want you to get cold.” Steve’s hand slid down his arm and rested on Tony’s waist.
“Wait! Please don’t go. Stay, tell me what happened.” Tony reached for Steve's hand and Steve did not hesitate to grab it once again.
With his body acting on its own accord, he walked directly over to the offered spot and laid down. Steve pulled the blankets up over Tony’s shoulder and then one more blanket on top of that. Tony glanced over at Steve to see what he’s doing.
Steve’s eye snapped back to face.
“Tony? Tony, please, sweetheart, I need you to open your eyes for me.” The voice, while steady, had an edge of desperation to it.
They made their way to the middle of the dance floor, and Steve dropped his hand to Tony’s waist, forcing Tony to put his hand on Steve’s shoulder. They started to move slowly to the string quartet that was playing. It felt like their bodies were made for each other, the way that they fit together. The pressure of Steve’s hand on his hip was welcome, as Tony felt like he could melt at any moment.
As Tony sat, he tried to keep as much room between them as possible, even with the limited room that they had. He made himself as small as he could and tucked himself into the corner.
They made their way up to Steve’s floor, the silence still being carried over from the car. Steve offered his support to Tony as they walked, and led him to the couch in his living room to sit down, then sat down next to him.
Making their way onto Steve’s floor, he was lead into the living room and push down on the large L-shaped couch. Steve plopped down right next to him, thighs touching and his arm resting behind Tony’s head.
“Maybe I just know you real’ well, know when geniuses need to take a break,” Steve said as he reached into the bag of food, passing Tony a burger and fries before grabbing one for himself.
The heaviness in his chest was ever-present now.  Tony wanted to tell him that he couldn’t sleep; he still had work to do, but what had he gotten done in the past couple of hours? He couldn’t think of anything, and sleep was starting to sound good.
Tony forgot about everything that happened that day. Any pain and worry he had was long gone as Steve’s lips moved against his. His lips were soft, and there was the perfect amount of pressure. Steve’s tongue darted out and licked Tony’s bottom lip, causing his whole body to shiver. Tony moved to press himself against Steve fully, but Steve pulled out of the kiss.
“Tony! My bro, where ya been? Come sit with us!” Clint practically yelled, too loud for any time of day.
The term of endearment had spilled out so naturally that it sounded like it was something that Steve always called him, not something he had never heard before. The blush that Tony was working to fight off was now on full show, and there was nothing that he could do about it. He was trying to convince himself that he didn’t like how it felt, hearing that word directed at him from Steve, but the tingling going up his spine wouldn’t let him.
Tony had no idea how much time had passed when you felt the sway of Steve’s walking stop and Steve’s voice prying his eyes open.
“Where did you learn to dance? Not much time from being a soldier, to being an ice-pop, to avenging.” Tony questioned.
Tony tried very hard not to take it personally. He knew that he should be grateful, and that Steve giving him space was something he should want, something that he pushed for. The sting was still there though. The friendship that they had worked so hard to build wasn’t something that could be maintained, not now.
“Of course, Captain Rogers.”
“Don’t give me that look; you get cold at night, and you know it,” Steve said, tucking the blanket a little tighter around him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, you know if there is anything that you need to talk about, you can tell me? You’re one of my best friends and I can tell when something is going on. You can’t hide it from me.” Tony felt a hand reach out and touch his shoulder. He kept his body turned, willing his heart to stop racing.
Tony was going to hope for the best; the team was able to finish the battle without any injuries. After that, they would help with any cleanup and then debrief. By that point, the snow would have been coming down too heavily to be practical to fly in. They would most likely wait until morning when it wasn’t pitch black outside.
The energy between them had drawn their bodies closer together. Tony, being shorter than Steve, was forced to look up to meet Steve’s eye. As he did, he caught Steve’s gaze flicker down towards his lips, and then Tony saw as he licked his own. That drew Tony out of whatever trace had taken over him, and he pulled himself out of Steve’s hold.
When they kissed the next time, the softness was gone. It had been replaced by heat and passion. Steve slid his tongue over the seam of Tony’s lips and Tony let out a small moan. He felt the tingles growing all over his body and he wanted nothing more than to melt into Steve.
Tony looked up at Steve and didn’t see anything that indicated that he was upset. There was a slight smile on his lips and a softness behind his eyes. Tony had to look away before he started to blush.
“Yeah, something that I can relate to, while also consuming some in the popular culture.”
“Blueberries, right? I know that they are your favorite, and I knew you would be happy when I found them.” Steve genuinely looked pleased that he could provide this for Tony.
Steve had volunteered to come with Tony to the gala, even though it had nothing to do with the avengers. He had stated ‘I know how much you dislike them, Tony, I just want to make it easier for you.’ He gave Tony the puppy dog eyes that he just couldn’t say no to, and now he was here. He had spent the evening trying to avoid Steve, dodging him when he could, hiding in dark corners and along walls.
It was a normal day like any other. Tony came into the kitchen blurry eyed and in the search for coffee. Steve and Clint were sitting around the island, quietly talking to each other. At least, it was quiet until Tony entered the room.
It was Steve’s turn to blush.
The words Steve said didn’t really register. He was too busy soaking body heat Steve was throwing off. Tony was starting to shiver, whether that was from being cold or from shock was anyone’s guess, but Steve just gripped him tighter and walked him with a newfound determination. Tony’s eyes slipped close before he knew it; he was letting his consciousness drift in and out.
After that, Tony quickly managed to convince everyone that he would take care of himself at home, not wanting to just lay in a hospital bed. He promised to have Jarvis monitor him and to hang out on the common floor so that people could keep an eye on him.
“Well, it is a top of the line Steinway piano.” Tony walked over and sat on the bench next to him.
They made their way into the common room, where the team was already gathered. The tv played softly in the background and nobody was really paying attention. Natasha just smiled, like she already knew. No one batted an eye when they laid down on the loveseat together. Steve was so gentle, avoiding Tony’s injury, and Tony felt comfortable and safe wrapped up in his arms.
“Okay, time to come up for some air”, he heard her voice say right over his shoulder, startling him out of his daze.
“Hey, Steve?” Tony whispered.
“Sure, capiscle. As long as I get to sit down, I’m good.” As much as being alone with Steve was hard for him, he couldn’t deny his curiosity.
Tony briefly thought about lying about how long he had been awake. That he was fine, and Steve had no reason to worry. He then quickly decide that it was not a good idea. Steve had what Tony affectional referred to as ‘billionaire bullshit detector.’ Steve could always tell when he was lying, and Jarvis was eager to sell him out when Steve asked. If tony was willing to be honest with himself, he didn’t like the look on Steve’s face when he found out that he hadn’t been taking care of himself at an adequate level. It was an exasperated sad kind of look, and Tony was not mentally capable of dealing with today.
“It really shouldn’t be. I’ve been gone on you for a while now. I guess I need to work on making my point more clear,” Steve said jokingly.
“You done, honey?” Steve asked, reaching out his hand to help Tony stand off the couch.
Tony knew he should protest and shouldn’t feel the way he did, so safe and protected, but his brain fought against him with every passing moment. In this position, Tony could believe that nothing was going to hurt him. Steve was a barrier between him and the rest of the world.
He sat on the bench in the workshop, knee bouncing, trying to conceptualise an update to the armour he had been trying to finish. The hologram in front of him was starting to blur in front of his eyes. He took a deep breath and stood up.
He didn’t even hear Steve making his way back over, just just felt the blanket being tugged up his body over his body. He then felt a cold towel being pressed onto his forehead and he had never felt more grateful.
“Take me to the lab, Jarvis.”
Steve pulled his pants back up and looked Tony dead in the eyes. “Tony Stark, you are an enigma and I’m so happy that it’s you.”
Tony looked around and saw a small kitchenette with what looked like a hot plate and a mini-fridge that Tony didn’t even want to consider opening. There was also a couch tucked away in the corner, covered in all sorts of blankets that were probably just as dusty but looked more and more inviting the colder Tony got. Like Steve was reading his mind, he gathered up the blankets from the couch and brought them over to Tony on the bed.
“This was my favourite piece that she played. Rue des Trois Frères by Fabrizio Paterlini. It was something that she played when my brain wouldn’t slow down.” Tony was holding the sheet music to the song.
Steve looked at Tony like he was searching for something.
“Right ok, that sounds do-able.” Tony smiled up at his soulmate and received one back that was so soft and intimate and just for him.
“You have been avoiding me, and you aren’t even talking to anyone. I’ve seen you, shellhead. Sneaking around like you’re on some kind of mission,” Steve said playfully, moving to stand closer to Tony.
He knew that Steve could be such a mother-hen and he really didn’t want him to worry, not while he was busy with Shield. Besides, despite what his body was telling him, Tony Stark did not get sick.
(See the end of the chapter for
As he really did have nothing to do, Tony headed to bed. Hoping that a fresh day would clear his head of any of his lingering thoughts, he laid down and closed his eyes. Instead of relaxing, his mind raced, thinking about all the things he wished he could say. Eventually, he was able to drop off into a fitful sleep.
“I guess I ran the numbers and they made sense. The suit is designed to take things like that and it did. I’m not dead, no sense in worrying.” Tony was just trying to placate the growing anger that he could see building.
He woke a few hours later to Jarvis telling him Steve was calling. He felt worse than before, his body sweaty and sticky like hadn’t already taken a shower and it hurt his throat to swallow. He opened his eyes only to quickly shut them as the light gave him an instant headache. He reached blindly for his phone to answer Steve.
“Yeah, I figured that.”
Maybe it was time to stop. Tony wasn’t getting anywhere right now, and perhaps someone was home that he could just sit near, distract himself.
Tony watched as Steve started a fire while he gave in to his body’s needs and laid his head down on the scratchy pillow. He was sure that he was going to be able to stay awake, but then again, he thought that when Steve had been carrying him outside. Suddenly, Tony felt a hand run through his hair and realized that Steve had walked over to him. The hand was so lovely, and Tony knew that Steve was doing it on purpose.
“Yeah well, shouldn’t really be sleeping right now anyway. The movie took up 2 hours of my oh so precious time and I should really get back to it.”
“Alright sweetheart, I just wanted to check in. I’ll be home pretty late tonight so don’t try and wait up. Eat something and sleep, ok? I love you, see you soon.”
After the doctor left, the team came in to check how he was doing. Tony tried to keep the conversation light and avoided looking too deeply into the faces of his team mates. They all had thinly veiled looks of worry on their faces and it made Tony uncomfortable to think about people worrying about him.
As he sped toward the elevator, he focused on controlling his breath. In - out. In - out. That's all he could do until he got to the relative safety of his lab. Once he was there, he made his way over to the couch that he kept in the corner. The one that Steve would come sit on and sketch while Tony worked. He sat down and rubbed over the mark on his hip. He pulled down the waist of his pants slightly to look at the mark. The once black circle was now filled in with blue, white and gray. It almost looked like Cap’s shield but with the colours of his arc reactor.
“Yes.”
As he was making his way over, he felt a figure breeze pass him. Natasha gracefully sat down and made a point of looking him in the eye as if she was asking him to challenge her. He tried not to audibly sigh as he started to move toward Steve and the empty spot. He tried not to notice the way Steve perked up a little as Tony walked in front of him.
“Oh, thank God,” the voice- Steve! The voice was Steve’s- sounded relieved.
“It's your spot Tones, so by all means”, Steve responded, gesturing at the foreboding space.
“Oh, Tony- you’re awake! I was hoping you’d stay asleep, lord knows you need it. Was it the noise? I told them to be quiet, but you’re just a light sleeper sometimes I guess.” Tony hadn’t realized that he was still pressed against Steve, and he startled slightly at his words.
Their eyes roved over each other’s faces, the energy between them electric. Tony could almost see the thoughts processing in Steve's head and was about to ask if he was OK when Steve spoke.
“I am so happy that I get to be that person”, Steve whispered to Tony like he was the most precious thing in the world.
As he finished his food, Tony stood up, put the wrapper on the bedside table, and stretched. He wished that they had some painkillers, but he wanted a lot of things right now. He wanted to be at home, be himself. However, he also wanted Steve to wrap his up and kiss him like Tony had never been kissed before, but neither of those things were likely to happen.
He felt, more than heard, Tony’s muffled whisper of I love you into his chest, and Steve kisses the crown of his head.
“I know a lot about you, more than you think.” Steve had turned away from him, cleared his throat, and reached for a bottle of water.
“Thank you,” is all that Tony says, voice steady but quiet.
“Yeah, that could work for me.” Tony couldn’t say no to Steve at this point, even if he wanted to. A smile lit up Steve’s face.
“I don’t want to forget," Tony rushed quickly to say. "I just never thought that I would be hearing you say this, not to me, at least.” Tony took a deep breath,
The piece is only about two minutes long, and as it draws closer to the end, Steve is brought back to the world.
“You can’t walk, you're most likely more hurt than you are willing to tell me, and I’m not going to let you make it worse. So get on my back; I’m going to carry you. It’ll go faster.” Steve was talking like this was a normal everyday thing, like he was offering a piggyback ride.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I missed you too Winghead. Now pay attention or you are going to get confused and I’m not explaining it to you.”
When Steve would ask to come and sit with him in the lab, Tony would come up with some sort of excuse like he was leaving soon or working on something too temperamental for people to be around right now. He would watch the video playback of Steve at the door of the lab. He could see him take a deep breath and his shoulders hunch. He would always walk away with no complaints, but he would always stop, turn back and look at the entrance before turning and continuing to walk away.
Steve must have spotted Tony while he wasn’t paying attention.
Tony knew that galas were essential to the company. Tony knew that it was vital that he threw them and that he was there, but that didn’t mean that he had to like it.
“No, of course not! God, I’m sorry. I’m just a piping hot mess when it comes to things like this. I would rather suffer alone than have you reject me. I didn't think that you would want to be saddled with me. I was trying to protect you.” Tony waited for the arms to pull away, for the rejection to come.
“I’m always watching you, Tony.” There was a heat behind the words that made Tony’s stomach do a flip. Tony refused to read into that.
“For the future,” he spoke softly against Tony’s lip before kissing him again, this time, more powerfully and with a sense of heat behind it.
“I’m fine, Captain Worrywart. I’ve had worse,” and he wasn’t lying. As much as he was confused and sore, this wasn’t nearly close to other experiences he had been through in his life.
Steve pulled away just as Tony’s body had started to react to the stimulus, wanting more than kissing.
In the elevator, Tony kept his eyes on the floor.
Steve’s lips were soft, like surprisingly soft. They matched up with his in a way that shifted the earth beneath Tony’s feet. It wasn’t frantic or full of untamed passion, but slow and with purpose. They had stopped moving at this point and were just standing on the floor, slightly in the way of the other couples trying to dance. Tony desperately wanted more, he wanted to feel whatever the captain was willing to give him, but he had some sense left in him. He pulled away from the kiss, only enough so that he could take in Steve’s face.
“Let me see. I’m not the best at sight-reading, but I’ll see if I can get it.”
“Sir, I think that it would be wise if you were to drink some water to avoid dehydration. As well, perhaps some medicine to combat the fever.” Tony knew Jarvis was just trying to take care of him but he really didn’t feel like moving.
“Jarvis called me and told me you were sick, so I cut out a little early,” Steve explained, moving to sit next to Tony and stroke his hair off his forehead.
The rest of the night he didn’t pay attention. Not when they were choosing the movie, not when it was playing and not when it was over. Everyone moved to go to bed, including Steve. He walked out of the room without a look or a word to Tony. Tony knew Steve was hurt because of Tony  shutting him out, and he wanted to fix it, but this was his life now. He would just have to learn how to deal with it.
He looked good, rough, and burly but also like he would be soft for the people that he loved. Tony wanted to be the people that Steve loved.
“Aye aye mon capitaine, I got this.” Tony rolled over and cuddled Steve’s pillow closer to him, smelling that awful 2-in-1 shampoo/conditioner he used.
“Hey, Capiscle.”
Tony hoped that Steve couldn’t see the blush in the firelight as he ducked his head. He just ate his blueberries in comfortable silence, the only noises being the cracking of the fire, the whistling wind outside, and the rustle of the food wrappers.
Tony knew that he should get up, drink and take something to help but his body didn’t agree to the plan moving. The only thing it wanted to do was sleep, so he just tried to suppress his shivering and fell back asleep.
“Let me see what I can do.”
“Tony, that’s not wha-”
They spent a lot of time on the common floor, with the rest of the Avengers, in the workshop or on Steve's floor. Tony said that was because it felt more home-y than his own floor. So when it was just the two of them, they would go to Steve’s floor. They slept there and ate there, and Steve almost forgot that the penthouse existed.
“What? I’m someone?” Tony watched as Steve adjusted his posture, standing a little taller and looked at him determinedly.
When Steve pulled away and was able to take a deep breath, he remembered why he had come to the penthouse in the first place.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Steve couldn’t keep the hurt out of his voice. “Is it because you don’t want me?”
He swatted away the spider webs and opened the door, cautiously walking inside. He was only in the cabin for about 45 seconds before he appeared in the doorway.  He walked down to Tony and put an arm around his waist, basically carrying him in the cabin.
“Well, I don’t know how much you remember. Got called out to a battle with the wrecking crew.”
He was living a rom-com nightmare.
“No, I’m serious; you look adorable. It’s like you knew we were destined to be together.” Steve watched Tony’s face soften as he spoke.
“I noticed you haven’t come up for air in a while, and I thought you could use some food and some company.” Steve looked almost bashful as he spoke. It warm something in Tony’s chest that he refused to acknowledge right now.
“Alright, if you’re sure.” There was a sincerity in his tone that made Tony’s heart beat a little fast.
The second, more surprising, thing Steve saw was a big object shoved in the corner, in front of the floor to ceiling windows. Steve walked over to it and pulled the cover back.
“Kiss me again. Please.” Steve apparently didn’t need to be told twice.
“Slow down, Capsicle, I’m good. No need to rush; we have a whole evening to enjoy.” Tony knew he should jump at the chance to go home, to get away from steve, but he also knew that he wasn’t ready to let this go.
He slowly sat up but ended up just laying back down when the spins hit him. Dizzy, cold and shaking. Definitely not a winning combination. It was getting increasingly more difficult for him to ignore the signs that he was sick. Still, he didn’t want to believe it.
“It won’t do you any good to be falling asleep on the floor.” Tony’s eyes shot open and saw Steve entering the bathroom.
“Get on where? What are you talking about?”
He was tired, but he knew that if he tried to sleep, it would evade him. He was hungry, but there was not a single food in the world that he wanted.
“Original trilogy to start of course. Jarvis, could you please start up A New Hope?”
After long nights of drinking, holes in events that happened were something to be expected. The feeling that accompanied was always a dead giveaway of how he came to be in this place.  Tony was intimately familiar with that feeling.
“I love you too, sweetheart. So much even the universe knows it,” and then it was Tony’s turn to laugh.
He refused to call it a crush, but it was just a stupid crush. There was no way that Steve felt the same way. Therefore, his feelings didn’t mean anything, and there was no way he was going to do something stupid like ruin one of the best friendships he had ever had by not being able to control his feelings.
“You’re cold.” There was no questioning in Steve’s voice.
The last thing he felt was a kiss on the top of his head and the whispers of a few quiet words.
As he started to walk, he thought about what Steve had said, and he knew that Steve was right. He hadn’t been taking care of himself and maybe he should just go to bed. The thought of going to bed after just cuddling with the super soldier filled him with unease.
Movie night had become somewhat of a tradition in the Avengers tower, as their resident grandpa and living god had a lot to catch up on. They all took turns showing them movies that they believe to be culturally relevant, and it was something that Tony always looked forward to. Well he looked forward to it, but he didn’t always remember it, and today happened to be one of those days.
Tony swung the door to the cabin open, only to see Steve standing on the porch outside with an armful of wood. His eyes shot over to Tony and were immediately full of worry and a little bit of guilt. He moved quickly over to the doorway, eyes scanning over Tony.
With that, he leaned down, gently grabbed Tony’s face and kissed him.
“I’ve missed you, Shellhead. I know you’ve been real' busy lately with important things, but I’m not gonna say I don’t miss being around you”, Steve whispered as to not disturb the others.
It started the first time he said Tony's name.
“I know that.” Steve finally blinked and turned to look out the window.
A few minutes into the movie Tony’s body began to relax, until he felt his legs brush up against Steve. He went to jerk away, but felt a hand rest on his knee, preventing him from moving. Steve leaned over and moved toward him, his body pressing along Tony’s.
Steve didn’t spend a lot of time in Tony’s penthouse.
“I’m sick” Tony rasped out, his throat even more sore now.
One of those days when nothing was going right, Tony couldn’t concentrate on anything. Mind bouncing from one idea to the next, never quite forming a full thought.
“But Sir-”
It was dark out when he woke up again and this time he wasn’t cold. He was the opposite, boiling hot. He kicked the covers off and focused on slowing down his breathing. His muscles were so tense and sore that he didn’t move. The pounding in head had gotten so much worse and he didn’t even need to ask Jarvis to know that his temperature had gone up.
“Tony-”
Tony felt a little lost. He thought that Steve was just a good friend, a good friendly-friend, but it was now starting to seem like his feelings were mutual.
Tony was about to say he could eat and the blueberries sounded go-
Tony felt the flutter in his stomach again. There was still a heat present between them, but there was also an earnest-ness to the words Steve spoke. Tony wanted to say no, but he didn’t think that he could.  His body, acting on itself own, put his hand into Steve’s outstretched one.
He turned back just in time to see Clint inhale a large breath and open his mouth wide, about to scream when-
“I’m sure you will,” and when Tony opened the box, Steve understands why tony had come up here to collect things.
“Sorry Clint, what did you say? I can’t hear you, maybe a little louder?” Tony matched his volume as he turned to pour himself a cup of coffee.
“Yeah, sure, Shellhead. Whatever you say,” but Steve was only half listening.
“If you insist,” Tony did the best he could to get himself onto Steve’s back, but his injuries wouldn’t let him.
Tony knew a thing or two about waking up in strange places.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I always looked cute. Come on, get it all out.”
“You ok? You’re looking a little flushed.” Tony finally lifted his head to look into Steve’s eyes.
“Oh, don’t tell me that you forgot. No wait, I’m not surprised with how distant you’ve been lately. Come on, we are going upstairs.” She grabbed his arm and proceeded to drag him out of the lab.
“I’ve got you now. You can sleep.”
Tony unwrapped the burger and started to eat, falling into a comfortable silence with Steve, just enjoying each other’s company, lost in their thoughts.  Tony finished his burger and started to pick at the fries, stopping for a moment to give a jaw-cracking yawn.
There was no avoiding it now.
Tony worked to focus on Steve’s face. He could see the tension, the worry line that Steve got when he tried to stay calm.
The more time went, the less Steve came around. The sting was there but Tony knew it was a good thing. He thought that maybe he’d get through this with the team and his pride intact, but fate had other plans for him, in the form of movie night.
“Well, I’ve been thinking about this moment forever, and I’m going to make sure that it’s perfect.” The mood Tony tried to lighten came slamming back down around them.
The first thing he noticed was the modern design. It was all clean lines and metal; it looked like a museum. Steve saw no personal artifacts anywhere in the living room or hallways. It was quite the juxtaposition to Steve’s warm and full living room. He could understand why Tony wanted to spend his time on Steve’s floor.
‘Hmm? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I’m good. I'm great actually. Do you think we could head up to my floor for a minute when we get back home? I have something I need to show you.”  Steve had a look in his eye that Tony couldn’t identify, but he found it so hard to say no to Steve.
Tony didn’t say anything and just placed the sheet music down, spreading it out so that Steve was able to see all of it. Steve took a few moments to get himself oriented and looked it over. The music itself wasn’t too complicated, so Steve took a deep breath and began to play.
“Wow, the colour is even better than I could’ve imagined.” Steve looked at the mark with an intensity that Tony couldn’t put into words.
The ride back to the tower was silent and strangely tense. Tony wondered if he had said something wrong, something that Steve didn’t like, but he was coming up blank. He noticed that Steve was absently-mindly rubbing his hand over his thigh and Tony wondered if maybe he hurt himself and didn’t say anything. He knew the serum would take care of things but if it was serious enough it could hurt for a while.
“Uh- yes. Y-yeah. I’m good. All good here. I just- uh remembered I have to go. Gotta do something for Pepper.” Tony put the coffee pot and the mug down as fast as he could and darted out of the room.
Just as he was trying to remember, a voice cut through the fog, trying to shake him out of his dream-like state.
A look passed quickly over Steve’s face, one that Tony couldn’t decipher, and then Steve moved over to him.
“No need for that.” Steve continued to stare at the wall behind Tony’s head.
“Capsicle, I told you. I am fine, and I promise to tell you if that changes” Tony knew he was lying and Steve most likely did too, but the sentiment was there.
“What are you doing up? I was hoping you would sleep a little bit longer, that I would be inside by then. Your body needs more rest. And you shouldn’t be out here. It’s freezing,” Steve said, moving Tony back inside and then kicking the door closed.
If you want to follow me on Tumblr, you can always find me at
“Ok, well then i’m going back to sleep and waiting for this to pass” Tony got back under the covers, trying desperately to keep himself warm.
Steve Rogers was his soulmate.
The doctor came in and told Tony what had happened, how the surgery had gone, and what he would have to do in the upcoming weeks. The whole time the doctor spoke, Steve sat next to Tony, nodding along with all the instructions.
“Baby, are you alright? You sound a little worse for wear.” Tony could hear the concern creeping into Steve’s voice.
Tony felt the tingle again as Steve moved his arm to the backrest and around Tony’s shoulder. Tony wanted nothing more than to turn and face Steve, pull his face in close, and kiss him like his life depended on it, but that was all a fantasy. Not something that would ever happen.
“Jarvis, please tell me that I’m not sick.”
When Tony stepped out of his suit, he could tell that something wasn’t quite right.
“I’m fine, Steve. You just woke me up from a pretty deep sleep. I can’t be perfect all the time.”
“You know, when I woke up from the ice, I thought I had lost everyone. That I would never find the person that was meant for me. That they would have been long gone, and I accepted that. I had even let my heart open again, ready for whatever was to come my way.” Steve stood up at this point and started to take off his belt.
“Okay Tones, whatever you say. Goodnight.” With that, Steve walked away.
“Stevie, what are you doing home? I thought you said you would be home later.” Tony didn’t know what time it was but he knew that there was no way that many hours had passed.
“Yeah, and I’m sorry. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, but being around you was taking a toll on me.”
“I’ve been practicing in my spare time. You know, I didn’t want to stuff it up if I ever did have the opportunity to dance with someone special.” The blush only grew in intensity.
Steve glanced at him and gave a little half smile then looked away. Tony had to stop himself from turning and walking out of the room.
Tony didn’t realize how tired he was until he was basically already asleep. Avoiding Steve meant keeping busy, which in turn meant he hadn’t been sleeping all that much. His eyes started to feel heavier and after each blink it became harder to open them again. He didn't remember moving at all, but somehow his head ended up resting on Steve’s chest, with his arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulder. At one point there must have been some yelling in the movie, as Tony was jerked back awake. Only Steve didn’t let him stay that way, carefully moving Tony’s head back to where it was.
“Take these, we need to get your fever down. Drink as much water as you can without making yourself sick.” Steve put the glass and the pills into Tony’s hand and turned to walk back into the bathroom. Tony rolled his eyes at Steve but did as he was told because really, he felt like shit and wanted to get better as fast as possible.
“Now, you have to come upstairs. It’s your turn to pick the movie and you can’t bail on that responsibility. Plus, Steve says you always pick the best ones, and you wouldn’t want to disappoint him, would you?” She had a look in her eye like she knew exactly what Tony was trying to hide.
It hurt Tony to see Steve walk away but he knew it was for the best. The friendship that they had built meant so much to Tony, but now he couldn’t just have a friendship and that’s all Steve would want. So it was better to just have a clean break and save himself the hurt later.
At this point in the story, Steve is looking down at their intertwined hands. His voice is shaky and Tony can tell he is tired, if the bags under his eyes are anything to go by. Tony squeezes his hand and he looks up. Steve looks like he is about 10 seconds from breaking down.
"The caramel's a little too much for my liking. But, it's what helps give it a little kick." She joked but with no real emotion or heart.
"No, you didn't. What are you doing?" Pepper walked over to the counter, to see all sorts of ingredients out.
"Look I hear where your coming from Stark. And if you would've let Pepper finish. I did find a solution to this.".
"I'm sorry? I don't follow?" She lied.
"Truthfully, Yea I am. I just... keep hurting you is all. And from what I was taught, this is not how sex is supposed to be." Steve said softly. He really didn't want to make this painful. This was technically Steve's first time, and he wanted to remember it beautifully, not painfully.
"Okay, since he's spouting out shit. I guess I should go ahead, fill you in." Nat stated.
"Oh, God..." She uttered.
"Well Ms. Widow, I, think it solves it. I mean sure it seems fishy. But truth be told, we are all tired and exhausted. And honestly I need a scotch, and a bed." Tony once again shifted his eyes to the man in blue. In all honesty, Tony didn't really want to stop looking at him. 'Seriously! Where did these bursts of emotions come out?!' He thought frustratingly.
These rules were implemented a while back, but we're definitely enforced after the July 17th fiasco.
Then for the rest of the day, he was stuck at the Avengers compound. Mostly working with Happy on some ‘fighting’ techniques.
Nat chuckled with him after his attempt at some comedic relief.
That beautiful home, with its wrap-around porch, and it's maroon-colored, wood-carved, structure. A light, near the backside of the house, barely illuminating its existence, among the darkness that surrounded it. Another dimmer light coming from the front end.
"Yes... he, just, said, that he was tired, and incredibly exhausted." Steve said matter of factly. Pepper didn't look convinced, but she didn't feel like prying... again. She thought a lot about last night, and her actions toward Tony. Maybe she was coming off strong. So she simply smiled, and gave him the 'awkward handshake' as gratitude. Steve chuckled at this, and Nat's smile turned into a look of concern. Something suddenly bothered her, and Steve noticed it immediately.
And Steve knew why. The other just wanted him to not fall down the same path he did. To which, Steve can recall very clearly. He remembers all those late nights Tony would spend in the lab, back at the tower. Never eating, sleeping very little, the constant look of exhaustion day in day out. It always pulled at the former soldier's heartstrings.
When the two broke their kiss and looked around them, faces of shock and amusement is what greeted them. "Seems we've got a crowd." Tony sneered.
The trio trekked back to their car and headed away from the burning building. Once police and the media arrived they couldn't make head or tails of it. The story they did come up with, was a simple gas leak of some sort.
Natasha let a chuckle leave her lips, as it too puzzled her that Wanda’s proclamation didn’t occur to any of them quicker.
As the door opened, the landlord ushered the men into the home. And after a quick look around, Steve realized that the layout was similar to that of the Philadelphia house. The main foyer splitting the house into three different sections. Except this time, Steve was delighted to see the old-fashioned nature of the home.
"Thank you for meeting me, Mr?".
"Well, ain't this a bitch." Sam joked.
"Touché, Steve," Tony added before he too jumped into the shower.
With an ounce of luck, he actually found the brunette's sweet spot. And like a siren being turned on, Tony went off. His soft breaths were now short, wild moans. Moans that were almost in sync with Steve's rhythm. This finally got the soldier to relinquish his own.
She knows that she can do a lot. And that she has proved herself time and time again. Tarleton being the main example. The fainting spells still come and go, which is still an annoyance. Probably one of the reasons why Steve & Bruce are so worried about her all the time.
“Again, what do you mean?”
“But, Tony I think you need some time for yourself. Go off, and take a few vacation days just for yourself. Do something for you and you only.” He stated calmly.
And yet, it did. How could the Avengers feel worthy of anything after this? How would they come together as a team-If half of them are dust? What would the world need of them?
"Must've been a pretty good movie, then?" She states with a raised eyebrow.
And then, took her elbow and jammed it into the man's shoulder. The eyeless man groaned in pain, as he crumbled to the ground. With his companion taking a few more shots toward Widow.
"Christ... Tony what are you thinking?! Like... What? Do you not love Pepper anymore?" Clint whispered aggravatingly. He knew a lot of Tony's background. Hell, everyone did. But not to this extent.
The two men then grew silent and looked to the many alcoholic beverages along the back wall. Every now and then, looking to each other with their signature glances.
"Steve... no matter how it could’ve played. We... We... can't... sit here and blame ourselves or find out who's fault it was. We, need to be out there. Helping them." Natasha got up from her seat and pointed out to the people across the compound.
Steve quickly responds with, "Pepper had just stopped me in the corridor and told me how strange he was acting.".
Steve scoffed, “Hell I couldn’t even keep my team together when we needed to be. I was a coward and held a secret from a person I deeply care about. I let a friend die for a mistake I made. I’ve continuously tried to help, and help I’ve done. But… it, it seems like I’m always losing any chance of happiness for it.”
"What do you mean, Cap?" Tony asked softly.
It was buried somewhere under the constant drawings on the desk. And it surely had enough data for a simple call.
No life-threatening battle, no urgent calls for help, no past issues to deal with. It was honestly the first time that Steve and Tony were able to clean out all their dirty laundry. And still had time to try and resolve it.
They were a mischievous bunch of kids, especially Ziggy and Tina. But the soldier wouldn't trade them for anything. They may not have been his kids directly, but he treated them as such.
"Hey, you two, have you've seen Ste-Captain America or Iron Man around here?" Nat asked sternly.
The next few days were, literally, hell on earth. Two incidents in particular were the main reason for why. Firstly, Steve couldn't wait to tell everyone about this place. Only to be reminded, almost immediately, about the whole reason of why he was now leaving in the first place.
"You don't get to say that! You have no idea what it was like! Seeing a kid, who looked up to you and felt comforted by you. To literally obliterate from existence, completely turn into nothing but ash!" Tony retaliated, "And even if we did have sex Cap. You and I both know, that it would be for absolutely nothing. And the fact that you would've thought I would've said yes. Just completely freakin’ shows you aren't the honorable man that everyone-that I... thought you were."
But before they could decipher what they were seeing. An older man slammed the crate shut, and started cursing them in Russian. Which of course, Natasha stood smugly, as she could understand most of what he was calling them. While Sam just stood dumbfounded, and honestly wanted to just rip the damn box in half, to see what was inside.
"Hey," she stated.
"He's doing good for someone who's dealing with a lot," Sam answered quietly. Realizing that he might be listening.
Anyway, hope you enjoy! Don’t forget to leave a kudos and comment! ❤️💖
Sitting on the banks of the lake, she softly hummed to herself. Her knees up to her chest, and her blonde hair flowing with the wind. He didn't know what specifically she was humming, but it was a song from this century, nonetheless. Steve smiled his warm smile and walked up to the glistening body of water.
Could they both be unnerved by the same thing? Maybe, but knowing Steve, something was always bothering him. If Tony was honest, if it weren't for their friendship, he would've assumed that Steve's constant worrying was simply work-related. The undying need to protect the people and follow orders.
"I am?"
"Speaking of which, where is the red-faced nerd?"
Silence followed. Leaving Peter to continue fumbling with his jacket. Steve cleared his throat, breaking the awkwardness. "Are you alright, kid?".
Yet in her descent, she was able to grab onto a piece of broken railing, and hung there. The man took this chance to run, and run he did. He fled past her, and ran from the building. Nat cursed once more, and pulled herself back over the railing, and fled down the fire escape.
"It looks like Steve can keep his mouth shut, yet couldn't keep it off of yours last night." She said amusingly.
Wanted to add this early, because I’m nice! Hope you guys are enjoying the story! And yes, I changed the title of the story, as well as some tags. Don’t forget to leave a kudos! Stay Safe!
This sends the two of them into a fit of laughter. Fury and Thor notice it, but don't pay too much attention to it. As they are discussing the urgent matter, that brought them back in the first place.
"Yeah, I'm here. I just didn't think you'd actually call me?" The super-soldier could hear the sarcasm in Tony's voice.
"Oh! Uh, well... see I was trying to wake you from the door, and you weren't answering, So... I thought sitting next to you, you know; you could hear it better." Tony blabbed. 'Good Work Stark, He doesn't suspect a thing!' Tony thought sarcastically.
Steve finally turned around, to face Tony, and yet still had that amused expression.
But since then, Tony hasn't really needed to use his 'Iron-Man'. Not with Spider-Man in America, Iron-Patriot in the Middle East, Thor with Space, and with the Ex-Avengers handling things outside of Scotland. Yet, here we are.
She slid to another, and they pointed their guns toward that crate. But this time, she lifted her gun toward them and shot away.
The soldier groaned but finished it with an awkward chuckle of sorts.
Another pause befell them. And once again, Kamala's word vomit intervened. "Is
That's who his home was. Someone that made Steve Rogers, see, and experience, life in such a strange, yet epic way.
For him, it was Tony. He owes Tony, and even Thor/Bruce, a debt. What is that debt? His life. But not even that, he knew Steve's motives for the accord situation was imprudent, irresponsible even. Staying on Tony's side for that alone was tough enough.
It was almost like a maze of sorts. Curved hallways, that eventually nowhere, with rooms all around. They smelled like rancid meat, and piss galore. But it didn’t matter to Sam, he had to save his friend and himself. Even if said friend, felt like a semi, ever so leaning on him.
There wasn't a day that went by, without the Stark family discussing anything that didn’t surround around Captain America, the serum, or Howard's plans for the future. Which is why, Tony felt almost a weight lift off his shoulders, when he finally told Cap himself, that he hated him.
After like a minute of some passionate kissing, the two broke away. Trying to catch their breaths, whilst also not opening their eyes. They let themselves just hold each other.
"Well, thank you. You know you didn't have to do" Pepper stopped as Tony interrupted.
A sudden yell from inside lifted the soldier's spirits, "I'm coming!".
"I'm so happy that you're okay!” Kamala looked just as rough as Steve.
Steve's look of dejection eventually turned to a smirk of amusement. He then noticed that Tony was leaning on the door for support. "Are you alright there, Tony?".
"Come on, Steve! Did you forget that I've already seen it! Even before last night!"
"You knew it was coming. Only you, the great, and now retired, Captain America, to go and live in the sticks, for some good olé fashion American fun!".
“Now your being weird!” Tony exaggerated.
“Can I ask why you're here specifically at the bar? And you know, not in your room?".
"Ha, Ha, Stark..." Steve groggily stated, "Wait? Who's Sleeping Beauty?".
"Can't really sleep with you panting like that. Seriously, you're worse than a dog." Tony smiled.
"To be frank, I don't know how to answer your question, Tony. Is this a definite question, to have an answer for? Or one just to prove what you already know." The soldier described.
. He felt Tony pat his back as he, and Annalise led the blonde upstairs.
Tony sat, a bit puzzled, and looked to his surroundings. Thinking quietly, he tried to look at both sides of this situation. Rejecting Steve's offer and going to the reunion, would be more smarter. Considering the fact, that if Fury needed them, they would kind of need to be there.
"Could it be the Tachyon Rifts?" Kamala asked.
"Cool, cool..." Clint answered. Another question popped in his head, yet he doesn't really want to ask it. His better judgement was hitting him like a brick wall. A few more questions would only be answered through dry responses of slight aggravation. So why add fuel to an already burning fire?
"Yea, can't wake up like this every day." Tony joked.
Thor finally stays quiet. Along with Tony, who just continues on admiring the scepter. Thor leaves to his stateroom, along with Fury, who looked just as concerned as Thor did. Something was up with Tony, yet they did not know what. Usually Tony's an open book, a very tell it like it is kind of guy. He seemed fine at Shawarma's. So then what was different about now? Walking down the hall, they could spot Ms. Potts heading the opposite direction of them.
"Yes, uh, Tony's right. I'd say it's time to head out. And find a way back to Shield." Steve announced.
"Does it have an answer?"
"Those policemen were right, Tony. We should've just done nothing." Steve said defeated.
"I had a pretty rough dream. And I guess sleeping is overrated for someone like me." He answered.
"I know." Tony took his and Steve's hand together.
The coffee had been pretty much the same caramel latte, she's had for the last few years. A reminder of Thanos's snap. And even when she would head out to the store, sometimes being the only customer there. The store would only have the same brand of coffee on stock. Retail only selling the same stock, for economic reasons. Another reminder of his Snap. In which, to her dismay. It was the one day, that she truly felt helpless to the upcoming event.
Tony felt almost uncomfortable about the whole situation. He grew nervous, at the utter thought that he was being shown Captain America's birthplace, by Captain America himself. His feelings started to range from weird to unexpected. But mostly, he felt unworthy of such a trip. 'Why is he really doing this? For closure purposes? And if so, what for?' He thought confusingly.
Ziggy & Tommy's faces turned into star-struck expressions. Which was surprising to Steve, more or so for Ziggy than Tommy. The two shook the philanthropist's hand and were talking for a little bit before Ziggy pointed to the house.
The brunette giggled in response. He was home, in bed. With his husband laying softly next to him. There was nothing to worry about. He was fine.
"What the hell?! You just stop by after 4 years, ask me to have sex with you, and then walk away?!" Tony yelled.
Yet there, sitting quietly in Peter’s chest, was the fallacious sensation of normality. Everyone around him, including Mr. Stark has this false face on. How could they all be acting as if everything is fine, when it isn’t.
Thanos was gone, the great battle was won. The world was saved, and a new age was born. Now, what do they do? What does the great 'Captain America' do now?
Steve huffed, slightly nodded and waited, even stalling for a bit with some kisses on Tony's neck, before actually starting again. A wince, another wince, and another wince, left Tony's mouth as he slowly continued. By the time they were completely together, one soft and painful moan came from the brunette.
Sadly though, ever since Germany, things at the compound were just not the same. Shipments were still in progress, due dates were being met, and the building was still surprisingly active.
"Hi, Steve? I ugh... thought you were heading to sleep." Tony asked.
kid. And to Kamala, it made her feel respected yet still undervalued.
Steve thought humorously.
"Well, I guess it worked. Or well... it's still working, Heh." Kamala beamed.
"Yes," Steve finally smiled, "An ass. There's just been something that's been troubling me, Tony, that's all."
"That's about five feet in distance." She replied, "Is this a hint of some laziness? Coming from you?".
Don’t forget to leave a kudos and comment! They are greatly appreciated! 🥺🥰
"5 years." The driver replied blankly. His expression didn't even change. It stayed that determined yet slightly annoyed gaze. At least he wasn't using it on them, or otherwise there would be more festering awkwardness.
Tony just looked at her, with a confused expression.
Tony looked to the super-soldier with not desire, but comfort. Sweet, soft, relishing, comfort.
Tony tried to speak, but all that came out was gibberish moaning, wrapped in a constant state of desire. Which, was ecstasy to the super-soldier.
You'd think from fighting the Chitauri in 2012, Ultron in 2015, the Accords situation in 2016. And of course, everything with Thanos.
"Well I plan to finally have some shut eye. Are you heading to your chambers too, Stark?" Thor asked politely.
"Okay, Okay." He stated now fully facing her, "But Kamala there's one problem."
She laughed softly. And uttered the words, "Good for you, guys.".
After their agreement, Tony and Steve drove around for a little while. Even passing the taxi that Natasha, Clint, and Maria were in. Yet something was odd about the direction they were going. Steve wasn't going upstate, he was heading out of state. Tony looked to his companion, and noticed the utter determination, that he was surely showing, to leave Manhattan.
He rubbed a hand across his face and returned to his original sleeping position, wanting to not riddle out the nightmare any further. Promptly hearing the soft breathing of the other in the room.
Tony made his way over to the bed and as soon as his head hit the pillow he was out cold. It was unusual for him, it normally took his brain a while to wind down enough to sleep but he was so tired already.
“So what was it that you wanted to show me?” Tony adjusted himself to get comfortable and avoid any pressure on his ribs.
Instead of lightening the mood, it stiffed to something a little darker, more intense. It felt like Steve’s eye was drilling into him, and the air between them was electric.
“I keep telling you that I’m fine, Winghead. Please stop worrying. You’re going to give yourself an ulcer.” Tony’s body began to slump back on the bed as he spoke. The last of the energy he was so desperately clinging to was leaving his body.
“Of course sir”, and the room began to dim as the famous title sequence came onto the screen.
“Come on now, what’s going on? No, don’t roll away, Sweetheart, look at me.” Steve forced Tony to roll over and tipped his face up with a finger under Tony’s chin.
Oh, Steve. For a brief happy moment, he had forgotten about the predicament that he had found himself in. The thought of having to go sit down and watch a movie and pretend that everything is okay makes his head start to spin, already trying to come with reasons as to why he can’t go. Natasha looks at him as if she can see the wheels turning in his head.
“Nah, I could never get into it. My mom would always play for me as a kid; wanted me to be cultured and everything. I liked it when she would play for me, but I couldn’t be bothered to learn it myself. I don’t have the ear to really feel the music, as she liked to say.” Tony sounded a little lost in his memory as he spoke.
Inside the box was a pair of what looked to be old birthday cards and other photos. It looked like some from Tony’s childhood and some more recent of the team. He can see that they all hold sentimental value, and Tony probably likes them close, in his home, and this floor is no longer his home. Home was with Steve.
Steve ran his hand along the top of the piano, admiring the shine and quality of it. He went to lift the lid off of the keys and was happy to find that it wasn’t locked. He pressed down on middle C, listening to the resonances of the note. It sounded as if the piano had hardly been used, which doesn’t surprise him. Tony doesn’t strike him as the type to have enough time to sit down and break in a piano.
They drew each other in, twisting together like two polyphonic lines of music that form the most beautiful harmony when joined together.
Steve passed off the bag and sat down next to Tony on the bed.
“You know, contrary to popular belief, I am an adult. I can take care of myself and I really don’t need a babysitter.”
“Okay Tony, slow dow-”
“Well, that was surprising.” Tony sounded just as out of breath as Steve looked.
No, Tony was a grown-up. He could handle his emotions, and by that, he means ignore them like his life depends on it.
“That does sound nice.” And it really did, as Tony was very tired.
“I love you too, Tony Stark.”
“Hey Cap, is this seat taken?” Tony made sure to keep his voice friendly and light, not giving in to his emotions.
He quickly hopped in the shower, trying to wash away the stress of work and the uneasy feeling that had been following him. He wanted to stay in the shower longer, help his muscles to relax but he was so tired he could barely keep his eyes open.
“That sucks? Really, that’s what you’re going with? You scared the shit out of me- of us. I was right there, why didn’t you just let me do it? I would’ve been in and out, but no you had to go and end up in the hospital.” It wasn't often that Steve got upset like this, only with things he really cared about.
And with that, the last of any thoughts fell away, and Tony fell asleep. Not too bad for being one of those days.
As he became more aware, Tony made sure all his parts were there. Wiggling his toes and moving his fingers. When he tried to move his fingers on his right hand, he felt that they were somewhat restricted. When he looked over, he finally noticed Steve holding his hand, head down on the bed.
'Yeah, for the future.'
He got out of the shower and towelled off. He quickly moved into the bedroom and over to the drawers. He grabbed a pair of underwear and one of Steve’s softest t-shirts. He would never admit wearing Steve’s clothes made him feel safe but if he thought it, that was a different story.
“Tony, you just got out of the hospital. As much as I would love to make you mine, you have to take it easy.” Steve stood up, dragging Tony into his arms.
Steve pulled back, just breathing. He sat back down next to Tony and gathered him in a hug, tucking Tony’s head under his chin.
He made his way into the bathroom and took a look at himself in the mirror. His skin looked pale and his eyes heavy. He ran his hand through his hair and noticed that his hands were shaking slightly, most likely from low blood sugar. He tried to eat earlier in the morning but wasn’t really hungry, and the thought of eating now turned his stomach.
Tony sat up, moving out of reach of Steve, which he didn’t want to do. The feel of Steve’s arm around him helped ground him, keeping the panic at bay. Tony didn’t like this. He was sure that the team would find them, but how long would that be? They still had the battle to fight, and that would take priority. He had to concentrate; they couldn’t stay here.
“And yet somehow you manage to be.” Steve laughed lightly. “If you say you're fine then I trust you but get some more rest, ok? You’ve been working so hard lately, I don’t want to see you burn out.”
“I know that, but how do you know that?”
“I didn’t know that you played.” Steve startled at the voice coming from behind him,
That thought sent a wave of panic through him that he couldn’t explain. All that Tony was feeling at the moment didn’t matter; Steve was the only thing that he could think about, the only important thing.
Tony slowly opened his eyes and waited for them to focus. The blurry shape started to become clearer the more that he blinked.
Tony forced himself to turn his back to Steve and went to sit back on the bed. He heard a small sigh coming from Steve, followed by steps moving away from him. As Tony sat down, it took everything inside him to avoid looking up; his eyes fixed on the dust bunnies next to the bed frame. He only looked up when a bottle of water was shoved in front of his face.
Tony let himself fall into the kiss, thinking-
They continued just to hold each other for a while until Tony decided he had something else on his mind.
At one point, he must have drifted off and woken himself back up because he had no idea what was happening on the screen. As his head lolled to the side, he tried his hardest to concentrate on the words the actors were saying.
“Well then, let’s get walking” Tony started to walk, only to stumble as his whole body protested the movement.
“Oh, um, right. Ok, don’t make fun of me, but…” Tony stuttered as he walked over the spot on the couch that he had vacated and grabbed a box that Steve hadn’t noticed.
Tony was standing there, mug in one hand and coffee pot in the other, staring straight at Steve. He could feel the shivers start to build underneath his skin and his heart start to beat faster. Then came the tingles. The tingles he felt right over the soul-mark he had on his left hip and that could only mean one thing.
Ah, ok, maybe he wasn’t that good at it.
“If you insist, Sir.” and with that, Jarvis went silent.
“You look so cute, sweetheart.” Steve laughed, looking at the face of his disgruntled boyfriend.
“Oksy, so am I right in assuming I was quickly buried in 100 tons of concrete?” Tony asked, trying to lighten the mood, and it almost worked when Steve huffed a small laugh.
“Yeah, I’m good. Its just been a long day.”
“How much longer do we have to stay. If you’re tired, we should go.” The concern grew deeper in Steve’s face now, and Tony wanted just to kiss it away.
“Hey, I know my limits, unlike some people.” Steve laughed and relaxed back into the couch.
Steve was busy walking around the room, pulling back tarps, and opening cupboards. He pulled out what looked like something freeze-dried and a book of matches. He left the food on the counter and walked over to the tiny fireplace Tony hadn’t noticed. There were a few pieces of firewood already in the fireplace and some next to it.
“Oh yeah? What did she play for you?”
And the reason was just across the dance floor from him, laughing and smiling as he dazzled the room. Stand there, tall and blonde, taunting Tony by looking so suave in his dark blue tux. Tony wanted nothing more than to walk over, grab his hand, and kiss him senseless, but he did have a modicum of self-control. Even though, with every passing moment, it was getting harder and harder to be in the same room with him.
“Ok, that works. Thank you, Jarvis.” Steve stepped into the elevator and heard it whir to life.
With nothing but the sounds of medical equipment around him, Tony was alone with his thoughts. He didn’t know he was that important to Steve. He knew they were friends, but he had no idea Steve thought that about him. I mean sure, Tony felt that way about Steve, even before he knew they were soulmates, but Steve had no reason to feel that way about him.
Nothing could touch Tony here. Not the battle, or the wind or the snow. Nothing could get him wrapped up in Steve’s arms. He knew that they had things to talk about, that they should have a real conversation. None of that mattered right now; that was a topic for the morning. When the team picks them up, and they are in the safety of the tower. Right now, all they needed was each other, the snow, and the fire to keep them warm.
Then the Avengers came, the new tower change, the Sokovia accords, and then-
Back upstairs in the science lab, Thor was discussing with Tony about how the 'stick of destiny' works. It fascinated Tony, and he felt as if he was a kid at a carnival. It reminds himself of his times with his father. Long hours in the workshop, sometimes without supper. Learning, absorbing, and thriving, off the knowledge he always cherished. Tony even chuckles at one memory from his childhood, that was more of an embarrassing moment than anything else. It catches Thor's attention. "Does this amuse you?" He asks.
Tony took a deep breath, swallowed down some leftover emotion, and picked himself up. He glided his feet to the door, with the pictures, shredded number, and burner phone in his left pocket, and walked out of the door. As he did this though, he turned around and locked the room, not wanting anyone, not even Happy to see the mess he created.
He looked to the room around him. It was a quaint and cozy feeling. 3 windows in total, covered the room. Two behind Tony and one on his left, opposite of the main bedroom door. The bathroom door stood adjacent to that, on the back wall, where their dresser was. The mahogany bedside table stood in his peripheral. Along with a muscular bare chest, where his arm currently was resting upon.
He sighed, "Okay, okay. I'll see about this place. But we're going to have to reschedule the appointment we already have set for this afternoon.".
Steve looked to the brunette, shockingly. He's never been 'played around with' before, so this was something new to him. And strange as well, but being with Tony, what else is new?
The others nodded in response, the rest of the night being a blur. And with that, Steve spent the next few days looking at several houses along the upper east coast. Each one ranging from a typical suburban home to a small cottage in the mountains. With each house being a disappointment or a letdown.
"You sure of this? Tony I've seen many relationships fail and become bleaker in my life. But nothing like your's, Steve, and Pepper's. Something's up between you and him."
"Tony... how? We just met a few days ago? Why would you feel ‘comforted’ by me? Why not Pepper?" Steve resumed confusingly.
Tony smiled at this. He knew there was somewhat of a smartass in Steve. And he found it utterly delightful when he got to hear it. He continued their conversation with a raised finger. That is until Steve grabbed said finger and playfully slammed it onto the bar.
The Avengers hadn’t fought anyone recently. Tony and Pepper were still going strong. And besides the paranoia, Tony seems okay mentally. Yet, He was the one who brought up the question.
Again, Steve was about to protest, but Sam was already heading into the parking lot. Luckily, the guy who owned the car was walking inside the store. Yet still gave the two bumbling idiots a ‘go to hell’ look.
He faltered off. Not knowing what else to say. Because really what else was there to say? Steve knew, so why not just save Tony the embarrassment of it all and just say that he did.
Not even that, Steve needed something new to do. Something, or really somewhere, to be something to someone.
Steve awkwardly smiles, and kindly returns the gesture back. A very odd situation indeed. He knew Tony was a touchy person, but not to this extent. I mean sure, he did grab Steve's shoulder earlier during their argument. But this was a bit more of a strange gesture of a man, who is in a relationship.
And in a few minutes, she was already sitting idly by at the Tower Restaurant. Continually looking to her phone for a response from Natasha.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe if they had met up sometime before Thanos, things could've ended differently. But they didn't. And now, Natasha and Steve were lost, Tony still missing, and the world falling apart before their very eyes.
"I'm no chef, but I don't believe stew should be smelling like that." Vision states with a hint of sarcasm in his voice.
The next few months would be torturous. A new enemy, accidentally made by a egotistical philanthropist, would not only bring the group back together, it would eventually cause one of their most devastating battles. The battle of Sokovia.
The boys got the message, and were grouping to a back alley behind the market. They had noticed a couple of men go behind the booth, and to this alley. But did not expect the sight before them once they arrived. Two trucks sat quietly, with a few dozen men speaking in Russian, to a few people opposite them.
It probably wasn't the most moral thing to do, having dreams about a married man. But he did find Tony's comment earlier a little strange. For instance, wouldn't he have already been with Morgan, regardless of Pepper going into town? Maybe they weren't living together anymore. And to Steve, that just strikes him as odd. Maybe they aren't together anymore. That was the envy talking now.
"Anywhere you'd want to go."
The property itself, consisting of 1400 sq ft, in total. With the addition of a boathouse, and a greenhouse, on one end of the property (which faced the river), and a garage with a one-way driveway (which faced the main road), on the other end.
"Come on. We're not stupid. What's goin on between you two?" Clint inquired.
The young woman began to wring her hands, and move her weight from one foot to the other. "It's okay Kamala. Just be cool." She told herself.
She was a skinny, auburn-haired, stiff-postured woman.
Tony nodded at his companion and lifted his drink to him. Steve copied his action, and their drinks clinked together.
"I'm honored to have heard that you were intrigued in my house over here." The landlord proclaimed, twitching his finger as he pointed to the house.
Now that she was gone, Steve felt an emptiness in his heart. A longing for someone like her. Sharon tried to be that, but Steve knew of his true feelings for the woman. And they weren't romantic. Leaning more towards appreciative.
"I hope that coffee is good?" He said.
The super-soldier brought his lips back down to Tony's and got to work. His hands gliding around Tony's body, as if he was the most expensive piece of china ever made.
“Thank you, Happy. But I can’t. Not with all of this on my mind.” Tony croaked, before spinning his chair back around playfully, and stood back up to the board.
"It's going good, Tony." Steve's eyes shot down to Tony's now mechanical right arm. The colors of red and yellow, shimmering in the sunlight.
She was her father's daughter indeed. Every little thing Morgan would do would be an instant reminder of Tony.
Yes, I know the kiss is early. But I was wanting to go ahead and get the inciting incident out of the way, so that we could focus more on the story.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Only you would know though." Nat fires back.
Steve nodded his head and slowly brought it back to his companion. Whilst also blowing away some inner nerves. "Tony... You and I have been working together for a long time. And we've done and seen so many things together."
Tony swallowed nervously, "Oh, Okay. Serious question, now.".
The young woman sitting opposite him, threw her fangirl expressions away, and looked to the group a bit confused. She licked her lips, but was hesitant to speak about it. Thankfully, she eventually did as their patience was completely gone.
, Strange will portal Peter out of here before you and I can even blink." Tony's eyes fast became glassy, his voice cracking. "You know how I am about this, Steve, we talked about this, we talked about New York and I can't, we can't let anything happen to our son, I won't let it happen again, I can't -" Tony was babbling incoherently, his lungs suddenly rapidly failing him -  a sign of his anxiety creeping up on him. Steve instantly detects it and holds Tony in an embrace with his hand over the back of Tony's head.
She says nothing at first, but pushes dangerously ahead. "Tony, I'm usually your voice of reason when you're about to do something stupid but this,
. So far, Tony has never won this fight. Particularly in this setting, it was easy for Tony to sink into the memory of the bedroom the Bartons had expected Steve and him to share.
kidding. Well blow me," Tony exclaims. "Are they still together?”
- and he wasn't even slighted by Tony's continuous bad mood and snarky clapbacks. Tony scratches his forehead before he tries to explain himself again, but it then hit him that he wasn't overwhelmed anymore. He was breathing
"The Accords can still be---"
His subconscious was being attacked by memories of Tony Stark.
“Are you sure?” Steve asks as he leans his forehead against Tony’s.
Steve wasted no time in making a grab for Tony's boxers and stripping the man with military efficiency.
Eighty-
can't?"
“Yeah, okay, it does sound like the same reasons right?” Bucky concedes, slurping his drink.
“Yeah remind me to never take up your offer to take the guest room of your Tower apartment ever again. There are only so many times a man can experience walking in on a brother, even if it’s just you jerking off to phone sex," Sam says lightly as another wave of redness washes over Steve's smiling cheeks. "Man, you’re making me really hate being single right now,” Sam says, tossing the cushion he had been hugging in Steve's direction in mock-annoyance. "But since we're on the Tony topic and you're not gonna stop talking anytime soon, let me ask you this. Since when?"
“Yours baby please please Daddy’s ready, be a good boy and OHHHH STEEEEEVE FUCK”
Barnes."
"Steve," Tony says, impressed at the boldness. "You don't have to-"
”, Tony could have easily interpreted his intention of merely offering battle support, and nothing else. Steve’s choice of words in the Letter was carefully dictated given the circumstances of their final encounter -
In the middle of an open field, under a bed of stars, in the cold dead of night. It couldn't get more cliched than that.
"I want you," the super soldier hums as he sucks on a new spot along Tony's jawline. "I've thought about you, Tony, I've touched myself thinking about you. Hell, Bucky's sick of telling me to keep it down, the neighbours know, pretty sure the whole street knows how much I want you."
They trade the same look.
“Hey Cap,” he greeted, poking his head into the meeting room much to Steve’s delight. “Still here?”
“You know what they say, when in doubt, ask Lord Google,” Sam cracks a joke to himself, settling for season 2 of Say Yes to the Dress.
"Tony. Hi. What are you - When did you.... You're here." Steve was nervously tripping over his words but he manages to take a quick glance over his shoulder. His sentences were left unfinished, but from his body language, Tony could read him loud and clear. As if their relationship wasn't already a clusterfuck of unresolved issues, the situation they were finding themselves in was less than ideal.
you've managed to cloak the suit for your trips to the farm and you can take the private jet..." She pauses, realising Tony had gone quiet.
“So I’ve heard." He tilts his head to consider before he makes a pained reaction. "... and maybe sort of watched.”
That is, if Tony hadn’t smashed the identical one he’d given him or burned it with the letter Steve had spent days agonizing over. It had been 2 weeks since he received an acknowledgement that the parcel had been delivered safely at the compound, accepted personally by Stark.
“No I meant a little
Their cocks slot in so perfectly that Steve lets out a string of expletives in show of thanks.
"Ultron."
Steve rises to his feet, his linen pants were crumpled and a clear wet spot had formed where his bulging erection was painfully hidden. Steve draws the strings loose and his pants fell and was quickly kicked away. “Let him hear you Daddy. I want him to know who you belong to. Who’s cock you love having in your ass.”
"It's Cap."
"Stevie used to feel like a third wheel whenever we took the dames out on dates. Guess the tides have changed, huh?" Bucky looks at Tony, finally forming a smile on his face. Only then did Tony realise how green Bucky's eyes were. Almost as beautiful as Steve's.
dinner.
“You wanna take it from here? I wasn’t done going through the emails.”
“Work with me here buddy. Peter's the ring bearer, poor kid's really excited about it. Please? We can't afford to be late for this.”
“It was a bad fight, nobody is saying it wasn’t. You did him wrong, he blew Barnes’ arm off – you do crazy things when you’re hysterical. And now you’re not. He’s safe. You’ve sent him a phone. Use your words, Steve.”
happy with you."
The little brunette snaps to attention and turns to look at Tony, blinking his blue eyes.
That is, if he could hold himself together long enough to present it.
know." Natasha insists.
“Just trust me,” Tony says flatly. If he allowed himself to be dramatic, Steve would tell Tony that he trusts him with his
He instantly regrets it. He snaps his head away, takes a long slow but deep breathe before meeting Clint in the eyes. "And the good ol' Cap... was
Laura Barton would disagree, though.
Tony chuckles at Steve’s swap of words to vent his frustration in a child-friendly manner. He ruffles the blond's hair fondly before walking into the battle zone, tip-toeing through the minefield of Lego blocks. “Hey Petey,” Tony greets as he hovers over his son with his hands on his waist, admiring the chaos.
Sam swiftly gathers the plug and the note, puts them back into the box and hands it to Steve before he gets off the couch to head for the door. "I just remembered about those case notes on Barnes that just got delivered to me that I need to go over. I think it's the breakthrough you're waiting for. Meanwhile, enjoy the rest of the evening Steve. I'm sure you'll figure out your birthday present before he gets back," Sam says, pointing at the card that Steve was now holding.
A warm feeling blossoms in Tony's chest.
," Tony says, dragging the word and trying his level best to keep his poker face on. .
issues." Peter shakes his head, regretting his silly pun. "What I'm trying to say is, it's okay. You know? To have bad days, to check out on the world to check in with yourself."
"You guys don't have to pity me. It was my decision. And I would like to move forward from it." He addressed, "So, when are we heading out?".
"God, they'll be finished by the time we get there!" Maria teased.
"Well, it's a rather difficult walk from where I was to the door.".
After taking a second to calm down, she continued, “I'm just tired of everyone telling me that it's all going to work out. It's going to get better. Well, it hasn't! I just… I just feel like I'm drowning in a never-ending whirlpool of shit!" She confessed.
Steve read Tony’s letter first. He and Pepper got a divorce.
"Hmph? Oh, yes! Everything is fine. I just set an alarm to head outside." Steve answered calmly, "If only driveways could shovel themselves.".
The people around them looked to the fools, and simply chuckled with them. Once the duo noticed the crowds laughter, they wanted to take their embarrassing moments elsewhere. To be fair, Tony liked these moments more when it was just them two anyway.
Bruce and Steve would drop by every now and then. Each time with a story to tell. Which to Natasha, was music to her ears. Mostly because of the repetitive nature of her day-in and day-out routine.
The memory began to appear. Almost like the ember was a photographic memory being put into Tony’s brain-like projector. It was a blurry image, until it began to clear up.
"No, Look, Tony, I know you and Steve aren't on speaking terms! But I need you, and him, to swallow your pride! I need your help, please. I don't have anyone else.".
Whatever his actual feelings were toward Steve. They were shattered once Thanos snapped his fingers, and he lost not only Peter, but half of the damn population on Earth. His greatest fear actually came true.
Looking at her, Bruce could feel his heart flutter. All he wanted to do was just pick her up, and hold her in his arms. But arms that wouldn't crush her, arms that would protect her, arms that would comfort her.
Before he could leave, the silhouette raised it's hand to him, palm up. There was something there, something blue. It was a ripped piece of cloth. He picked it up, and looked bewildered almost. There was writing. (It read: This is my confession. You are the warrior. I am the one. We will fight together until we achieve happiness. We will love together until we reach confirmation. We will live together, until I give prosperity.) He had know idea what this was meaning, or really what it was about. After Tony looked upon the last sentence, he felt himself jerk awake.
(See the end of the chapter for
