expect is that Mycroft will ask for details, or scold him for the jibe about sweets, or pick at him further for his sulking. He rolls to his side, putting Mycroft out of his mind, and falls into a restless sleep with a hand down his pyjamas and an army doctor in his unconscious.
John had put his hands on him and kissed him. For Sherlock, it's not unlike staring down a perilous slope, where once he
He stretches, chuckling as he catches sight of Sherlock’s rumpled suit jacket and trousers on the floor. He remembers how much it used to turn him on, to wake in the morning after a night of glorious love making and see those expensive articles abandoned, having been hastily removed and promptly forgotten. Still turns him on, if he’s being honest. He swings his legs over the bed, ignoring the growing interest in his pants in favor of heading toward the music.
Sherlock, sat uncomfortably in his armchair, turns cautious eyes to the man stood in the doorway of their (
“John,” Sherlock murmurs, enfolding him until their bodies are indistinguishable, wrapped together in the bedclothes, and John weeps without restraint. There is no precedent for this love he cannot bear to live one more second of his life without. There is no precedent for the surge in his chest when he realizes he will never again have to.
John regrets laughing now, just a little. He runs a hand over Sherlock’s cheek, over the bow of his lips, relishing the flutter of eyelids in response to his touch, and the small burst of heat in his own chest. He doubts they’ll ever stop wanting each other.
“What if I never stop saying things that are not good?” Sherlock had asked him. “What if I sulk one too many times after a row about the shopping or acceptable sleeping times or the fact that I’ve deleted some social courtesy or other?”
“I mean it though, Sherlock.” John tells him quietly, and Sherlock pushes down the uneasiness of recognizing that John has cried, perhaps for an extended period, and obviously substantially. “Thank you. Trust you to look out for me.”
He notes the irony in his having been concerned for how adequately John might keep a level head, when he is the one driving himself spare, locked away in his flat.
They don’t make love as often as John was accustomed to in relationships, but he’d found it didn’t bother him a lick. He’d been so in love with Sherlock, for years, and if he were honest, their first time, or their first kiss, or even just the very first moment that he’d known for sure that Sherlock loved him too, when they’d broken down together in desperate confession… that would have been enough for the rest of his life.
John seizes the front of Sherlock's vest and presses their lips together. It's brief, but rough, and somehow Sherlock can recognize that it's very, very John before everything in him goes offline.
It is five days when he contemplates assuming Shezza for a case. For a drug den. For cocaine. It’s tempting beyond belief. It’s tempting, and he loathes himself for it.
The cup rattles in the saucer as he attempts to shift even closer, lips and tongue now moving against Sherlock’s, desperate and burning with a million missed opportunities. He remembers the spindly table near the door with great relief, and breaks away to set the saucer atop a small stack of books balanced upon it, and pull down a shaking breath.
The night he departs the wedding, he returns to Baker Street, consumed with a nameless torment beneath his breastbone. He moves through the darkened flat, ignoring the lamps. Places his Strad, safe in its case, on its designated shelf. Lights a cigarette from a pack that John probably thought he'd hidden well the last time he came round. Stomps to the bathroom in disgust and flushes it after only two drags. He'd let John hide every cigarette in his possession for the rest of his life if it meant he'd be at Baker Street.
The tea goes cold. John is consoled by the idea that there will be more, for the rest of their lives.
He thinks of ringing John, but that would be worse, he reasons, though he is desperate to hear John's voice.
“Whatever bothers you, ever, we’ll get through it. I don’t care if your tea is more sugar than water. I don’t care if you’re in a strop sometimes. I don’t care if you only want to fuck once a week or once a month. I don’t care if you don’t eat or sleep for four days when we’re on a case. Well, I do care about that, but our rows about it won’t be enough to drive me off. Nothing ever will.”
As he drifts into unconsciousness, he is intimately aware of his own skin and how John Watson’s lips would feel across every inch of it.
He is rewarded with a smile, small and doleful though it may be, and he thinks he could possibly grow used to sentiment, if he has John and John has him. John leans back in his chair, smile fading into the resolve and decisiveness Sherlock so respects in him.
With a stretch of limbs that dislodges his sheets, he relishes the morning chill that sharpens his senses and allows him to think, before he groans and considers he might like to stop thinking altogether. He rises to a sitting position, head buried in his palms. This is the part he has dreaded most: the Sex Holiday. Or honeymoon, as he’s told ordinary people refer to it. Before even the garden or his altered emotions, knowing that John would have to keep up the charade on his own, and play happy couples alongside a clueless someone with whom his relationship had been destroyed, gave Sherlock over to fret.
Sherlock yields to him, as some part of John had always expected. He’s softer now, less sharpness and haughty grace, more compassion and benevolence. John has never stroked his face, but he does so now; he imagines that before now, before their embrace weeks previous, Sherlock would never have felt as warm and soft and consuming as he does now.
“Sherlock,” John had started, but closed his mouth again. The most gorgeous and tempting person he’d ever known was asking him this. He’d kissed every inch of Sherlock’s body, heard that voice in all manner of gasps and cries and moans, felt those elegant fingers in places that set him running hot just remembering.
Sherlock doesn't reply at first, winded by an abrupt wave of fondness that is at once completely alien to him, and perfectly at home in his chest as he stares at John Watson.
John laughs indulgently, and Sherlock joins in with the deep rumble he loves, and John thinks the evening's turn of events have made a concussion quite worthwhile.
He glances at the man sitting to his side and his next words threaten to stick in his throat. His eyes close briefly, and open again, as he forces himself to continue as planned.
Well, he can’t deny it to himself, he thinks, bare legs swinging over the side of the bed as he stands to head for the bathroom. The concern for John’s safety, or ability to keep up the pretense, is not what plagues him most about the honeymoon. He steps out of his pants, kicks them into the hall along with his discarded suit, and turns the shower tap to as hot as it allows. He can’t help it now, can’t help picturing John taking Mary to bed, can’t help the revulsion and distress (and yearning, for John) that claws through his chest, he just
Imagine John and Sherlock watching Doctor Who, and they hear River’s line about Twelve - “When you love the doctor, it’s like loving the stars themselves. You don’t expect a sunset to admire you back.”
He places a hand on John's shoulder when he reaches the pair, fingers flexing in memory of the events of the garden. His throat swells with choking emotion and he finds himself wishing that Mary and every last wedding guest would sod off to hell.
In the course of eight years, John has come to understand Sherlock as a highly emotional man, far removed from the portrait of a sociopath he had once tried so hard to present. However, John cannot say he has ever truly understood the depth of insecurity behind Sherlock’s confidence (and sometimes arrogance).
“She's beautiful today, and I can remember why I loved her. I imagine she might love me, in her way. But she's dangerous, she's a liar, she could be using me to help some other arsehole get to you…”
“I love you,” he tells Sherlock. “Christ, I love you. And you’d better put that violin down right now.”
Sherlock’s arms wrap around John a little tighter. John doesn’t think someone watching would have even noticed. But he can feel it.
John’s breath leaves him in what could be considered the quietest of laughs. “I don’t know. Am I even ready to say it myself?”
He’d had it all planned out. John deserved to know everything that Mary had been hiding from him. Everything Sherlock had pieced together already, and everything they’d continue to learn. He’d express condolences, suggest that together they could discover her employ, assure John that he would be by his side and in his confidence in all matters regarding this, and then ask something tremendous of him: that he still marry her, and play the game until the mystery of Mary Morstan was solved.
“Ah yes, I could tell you them now, if you'd like.” Sherlock helps John stand and make his way over to the ambulance.
, John thinks. This has been building between them since he returned to Baker Street, since Sherlock came back from the dead, since the very first day they met.
In the morning, there will be time. Time to run his fingers through obsidian curls, time to press languid kisses to the perfect bow of lips or collarbone or waist, time to forget what the world looks like outside of opalescent eyes. Time to whisper and to shout things he’s meant to for years. Time for Sherlock to do just the same.
Something had tightened in John’s chest, and then he was pressing into Sherlock’s lap, kissing him, running hands up into curls, mind racing in an attempt to find the right words to say.
“Course I am, Sherlock.” John shifts uncomfortably in the unfamiliar sheer fabric of the shirt. “I've had much worse than a smack to the head, even if this might have caused a concussion… ugh.”
John would shift where he’s sat and grin over at Sherlock. “Sentimental nonsense for sure, yeah. But probably some truth in it.“
“John,” Sherlock says to him, voice tremulous with emotion, and that concerns John, though not so much at that second as does the image of Sherlock wearing his jumper.
“And for christ’s sake, what are you two even wearing?” Lestrade’s voice cuts back in. “Don't tell me you- hell, you're the bloody
“Christ,” Lestrade mutters, pushing off the car to walk around to the driver’s side. John didn't realize he was standing so close, but the inspector is grinning under his sheepishness, so John ignores him and pulls Sherlock in by the jumper.
He can see now that Sherlock is indeed still wearing the jumper, under the great black coat, a sliver of hipbone visible in the dusk. More of the evening comes back to him as he pulls himself up to sit straight and looks side to side for the criminal they'd tracked, finding him facedown not far from himself, Lestrade pulling his hands behind his back to cuff them.
John stands to embrace him and Sherlock thinks desperately that there isn't a single lie he wouldn't tell, in the name of keeping John Watson safe. He clutches at John's blazer for just a moment, and prays to every non-existent deity of every human religion catalogued in his hard drive that he will be able to do just that.
Most intentional pronouncements, Sherlock has learned, are accompanied by meaningful glances, or reactions decidedly charged with emotion, but John is not looking at him. His head is tipped back, eyes cast to the sky and mouth set in a small ironic grin. He has proven both predictable and surprising in equal measure, and so Sherlock studies his profile while heat twists through his limbs. Even he cannot mistake the comparison. John has spoken of his relationship with Sherlock, and his relationship with Mary, in the same vein.
He doesn't expect an answer until morning, so he sets his mobile down and wriggles into his sheets. What he
“Right. It’s not okay. Not right now. But that doesn’t make this less true. There’s nothing else for me.”
“Right, look, Sherlock, I love you,” he says now, as the music continues on around them. “And I can’t imagine why you’d ever doubt that you’re worthy of it, but I figured music might help you understand. Even if it’s, y'know, pop culture music.”
On that ninth morning, he is startled awake by Mycroft at his bedroom door, a file held in his hands.
John's name is a muffled howl into his pillow that evening as his toes curl and his fingers stroke debilitating pleasure from every sinew in his body.
Standing in a garden of muted light and sound, it's almost easy for Sherlock to convince himself that he's simply escaping people as he has always been wont to do, that this is merely another exhausting social experience, not something much more personal.
Sherlock melts under his lips, startlingly delicate hands coming to clutch at his jaw as he pushes closer for more. John drinks Sherlock in like he's been parched for this since the moment they met, and if he's being honest, that's entirely the case. His temple throbs again and he moves back. An ambulance pulls up next to Lestrade, and John is grateful for the promise of medical attention, though impatient for the next opportunity to kiss his flatmate.
John feels scorching desire take a leap in his chest at the idea that his brilliant idiot has finally caught up.
But part of him knows that it will be easier, in a sense. They’re embracing by the fire at Baker Street. They’ve gone further than they ever have. It’s all been spoken in the ridiculous manner they have always had. And they understand each other perfectly.
It is eight nights when he realizes that perhaps he could pass this time, where John is unavailable, by being useful, perhaps even seeking support in their plot against Mary. Admonishing himself, he considers Lestrade and the Yard, before scoffing because he knows even
Flush against his chest, John can feel when Sherlock’s breathing stops, and when his heart picks up. He takes gasping breaths of the air whipping past him as he descends.
After a flash of blazing eyes and a gasp of shared breath, John pivots and returns to the reception. Sherlock watches him leave, mind racing once more and his very
“I know it’s not an easy thing to accept,” Sherlock responds after a significant pause of pondering what to say (because honestly, what does he know of accepting deceit in a romantic partner?), though he chooses the comforting words in the end anyway. “And I’m relieved you’re not angry with me.”
“John,” Sherlock repeats, softly, softly now, silent tears of his own disappearing into the fabric of the jumper. “I will never want for anything, the way I want you.”
“Glad the working half is the one that… loves me too.” He's suddenly shy, lost in new territory, and John wants to kiss him senseless until Sherlock doesn't remember what it's like to not be consumed with love.
Sherlock’s answering laugh is deep and dulcet, and his hands grasp John’s face to bring them back together in a kiss amid the taste of tears.
“I’m not ever giving you up,” he tells Sherlock, a subtle growl in his tone. “Most days I can barely believe that after all these years, I finally have the fucking pleasure of calling you mine.”
“I’d like that.” He pulls Sherlock back into an embrace. Nearly 7 years. They’ve never done this. They’re idiots, he thinks.
He doesn't take the drug den case. The same evening he decides against it whilst lying in bed, he gives into something far sweeter and far more dangerous than cocaine, bringing himself off with one fist and choking off his shout with the other. He comes to the memory of blue eyes and rough lips, body shaking for a long while after he has finished.
He stays the course, refusing for the moment to dissect any thoughts he might have toward John’s marriage that aren’t related to immediate concern for his best friend's safety. The disquiet has been there longer than this plan, longer than the threat, he knows; ever since he entered the Landmark to find John sat with a woman, ever since he returned to Baker Street alone, it’s been there. But for now, he tells himself it’s about keeping John safe.
Regarding John now, so close and solemn, Sherlock cannot recall ever feeling more contrite in his life, not even when saying goodbye to John from several stories up Bart’s. That is now merely a previous entry on the list of sorrows John Watson has fallen victim to from those he keeps close. Sherlock feels all the worse for having dealt the newest blow, though the fact that it was not his own transgression helps to alleviate this, as does John’s apparent gratitude.
He had attempted to initiate a conversation on the topic whilst planning how John would keep to normalcy after the wedding. John had sputtered that he'd take precaution and to leave it at that. Nevertheless, Sherlock lends concern to the idea, but tries to put faith in John that he can prevent it. Conceiving a child with Mary would change and complicate everything.
“Have a good night.” He replied, walking down the steps, glancing back at John who was still standing in the doorway watching him go. They waved at each other, then John forced himself to go inside. He was so glad he’d made a friend.
“Admit it!” Sherlock playfully grabbed him by the shoulders and stared into his eyes with mock intensity. They stared at each other for a few moments before they both burst out giggling. John doubled over and wiped a tear from his eye.
“Thank you, I chose it.” Sherlock said to John’s mother, a slight sneer forming on his lips. His mother hummed without comprehending and backed away with a stumble.
It was nearly 10:30, he was going to be late. He grabbed his long coat with the pockets and the chains and his heavy leather boots, dashing out of his room/lab and down to the garage where Chuck was having a smoke.
“It’s annoying, but I have to live with it until Mycroft can get me the hell out of here.” John smiled.
“I think you’d make a great surgeon. You’re kind, and you’re determined, and you’re smart. All that's left is an education.” He joked, looking at the display. John didn’t respond. Sherlock looked over his face and his heart dropped to his stomach.
“Just take it, you twat.” Sherlock smiled up at him and snatched the gift from his open palms. John sat down next to him and watched him study the box in his hands. He ran his fingers over the surface and then along the bow. He followed the faux silk all the way to the end of the ribbon, and pulled it slowly until the knot had untied and the string fell to his lap. John held his breath while Sherlock lifted the top of the box open. A small gasp emanated from his lips as he saw what was inside. A small silver angel with the words “Welcome Home” written across it in a small delicate scroll. It sat on a pillow of white satin, the chain of the necklace tucked underneath. John looked down at his feet and fidgeted.
“My mum, she uh, well she really likes men. And wine. And well, she likes to drink when she gets home. Same as my dad, but he doesn't get too bad. And well-”
“I’d rather do that at home than in a dirty cafe bathroom.” He said. He was trying to make his voice deeper.
“I knew you wouldn’t, and I‘m not asking you to.” John nodded. Eventually Sherlock sat down on the bench again, this time less hunched. They sat for a few minutes just thinking, then John stood up and reached for his hand.
“So, you were expecting to do something?” Sherlock nodded and went back to spinning his chair. John pursed his lips. “So… What exactly did you have in mind?” Sherlock sighed.
.” His voice was low and even, but said with the same intensity as if he were shouting. John’s eyes flinched, his throat was thick.
“I can pay for it.” He offered, moving to grab his wallet out of his trench coat, but John stopped him.
“Well,” He looked to his lap. “This isn’t really my area. Friendship, and all.” He fidgeted with his hands. John looked to his lap as well.
“I wouldn’t dream of it, handsome.” He said with a wink. Sherlock went scarlet and stood from the bed.
“There's someone here for you.” His sister yelled. John muttered out a weak ‘okay’ and sat up slowly, trying to minimize the pain in his ribs.
“Not at all, just proving an idiot on the internet wrong about Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs.” He smirked at John over his shoulder.
“I’m not a damned charity case Sherlock. I saw the money you slipped into my guitar case, I don’t need you feeling sorry for me.” John said angrily, Sherlock jumped in surprise.
“Your clothes are for girls, even though they’ve been branded as gender neutral or tomboy. You have bags under your eyes, meaning you’ve overextended yourself in school and in life. is This because you have no one to fall back on, you must stay strong for yourself. It’s obvious that you have an older sibling, just by the way you act around others. I can tell it’s a sister because you have no small masculine tendencies you would have picked up from an older brother, whom would be your role model during this time. Unsupportive, that one is easy. Little self confidence, and since she’s older, she must have a job. But here you are binding with a compression bandage, wearing girls clothes, and cleaning yourself up after being pushed around by some bullies.” Sherlock looked up from the table but didn’t really look at John, because he didn’t want to read the ‘go to hell’ in his eyes. “It doesn’t seem ‘kind’ to me.”
“Okay… then.” John stepped back, glancing in the bin to see what Sherlock was staring at, but he found nothing out of the ordinary.
His still hard cock was pushed on by his briefs going taut. Sherlock swallowed a noise, sneaking one finger under the table to rub at himself while John had his back turned. Sherlock was flushed with the feeling of how forbidden his actions were. John sat down at the table and started into his sandwich, starting a casual conversation. Sherlock kept his eyes on his food as he slowly ate with his right hand, his left was busy rubbing up and down his slit. Thinking about John in his fantasies was already such a dirty thing, but that was all in his head. Touching himself here, sitting no more than a meter away, eating lunch together, it was real. Tangible. At any moment, John could notice the odd movement of his right hand, could call him out on only eating with his left. The thought of being caught sent a surge of heat down his stomach. He was grateful for the large shirt he was wearing, pooling up in places and hiding the movements of his hand on his cleft. John finished his meal, taking his dishes to the sink, talking about his upcoming shifts at the surgery. With his back turned and the water running in the sink, Sherlock grew a bit braver. He maneuvered his waistband so that his arse and cunt were exposed, but it still looked like they were on all the way. He shifted his dressing gown so that it covered his now bare arse from John’s view. Sherlock turned his head to look at John, who was also dressed in his pjs, consisting of loose shorts, with obviously no pants, and a nice fitting v neck t-shirt. Sherlock quickly wolfed down the other half of his sandwich, lifting his mug of soup to his lips. He played with the rim of the mug in his mouth, stroking his cock under the table.
"You don't have a garden, cooking and eating are dull, shopping is too pedestrian, and really John? I'm 16 years old."
“I’m going to the museum, and yes, it's very light sensitive and will take several months to curate so leave it be.” Sherlock turned his back to his brother and started digging through the clothes on his floor, trying to find a shirt. Mycroft hummed, and leaned into the door frame.
“ ‘S for an experiment.” He said as clearly as he could, staring at the curve of John’s butt and the strong, lightly hair dusted thighs that came out from under the shorts. Sherlock bit his lip, he was close. John turned around, making Sherlock slow down his movements, but only slightly as he couldn’t help how good it was feeling. John saw that his plate was empty and grabbed his dishes.
“No, that's just Mycroft.” John looked at the door from his angle at the curtain and saw a pudgy 20 something man dressed in a sharp looking suit with a christmas themed bow tie. He raised a brow at John, who blushed and focused on crawling down the ladder. They made their way around the various experiments and towards the door, where Mycroft stood holding it open. The boys walked past him, Sherlock still snickering at the butler comment. They started back towards the stairs and Mycroft leaned over to whisper to John.
“Can I stay for a few more minutes?” He pleaded. John gave him an exasperated sigh with a smile hinting at the corners of his mouth.
“I simply wish to inquire as to why you will be needing the car today. Chuck has informed me you will be out until mid afternoon?” Mycroft stepped into the room,
The waiter came back with their drinks, and neither of them had looked at the menu yet so they had another few minutes before he came back and asked for their orders. John was dreading it. He never thought ordering food could be so nerve wracking. Everything looked so expensive too. £15 was the cheapest he found so far. He glanced at Sherlock, who caught his eyes across the table.
“John it's okay. I deduced this morning.” Sherlock inturupted. The smaller boy nodded and took a breath before unlocking the door with shaky hands. The door opened with a creak and instantly the smell of cigarettes and stale wine filled the air. John sighed and set his shoulders, leading the way into the house. His mother was on the couch with a cig pinched dainty between two fingers, and a glass of red wine clasped in the other. His mother looked up with a tired, drunk smile.
“But still. You could have just yelled at them, but you didn’t. You fought them, you scared the shite out of them, and now you’ve helped me bandage up and you’re still here.” John replied. Sherlock put his hands together and leaned them against his mouth.
“Enough of that. Come over here, leave the robe on the chair.” John commanded, and Sherlock was more than eager to comply. He pulled his fingers out of his dripping hole and stood up, letting his open dressing gown fall to the floor. John turned his chair so that he was facing away from the table and Sherlock had enough space to get on his knees in front of him. Sherlock practically crawled across the floor towards him, crouching nude between John’s spread thighs. He peeked up at him shyly through his curls. For all his eagerness, he was still dreadfully inexperienced. It made him anxious to think about all of the other people who must have been better at it than him. John watched the anxiety flit across his face and leaned forward and cupped his jaw.
“Of course you were.” John scoffed. The museum was small and locally run. They were donation based, so both boys threw in a couple of pounds and meandered around inside. After about an hour of the general history, Sherlock got bored and sought out the more in depth and “not boring” exhibits. Soon enough, they found their way to the small theater just a few minutes before the movie started. There was no one else in the theater, so they chose seats in the middle. The film was something about the ice age. John found the bit about wooly mammoths to be particularly intriguing. Sherlock snickered at him, claiming he only found it interesting because they were giant fuzzy elephants and John was going nuts over how cute they were. The movie ended with the boys quietly giggling at each other and John blushing like mad up to his ears.
“There's Brulidine and some Paracetamol in my case, along with some plasters.” John muttered. Sherlock nodded, turning the taps on to warm water before opening John’s guitar case. John let out a noise of distress when he saw the inside. The bridge had snapped off during their encounter with the pavement. Sherlock gulped and looked up to see John’s face. He looked stricken, like someone had just cut his dog’s ears off.
“I was never raised to be a very emotional person, John. I don’t think I’m capable of understanding a lot of how you think and feel. That’s mostly because you think and feel differently than any average person I’ve met. I don’t know how to calculate your reactions to things because they are unique to you, and not the average person. But at the same time, you’re normal and predictable. You’re a complexity John. I look forward to figuring you out.” John was speechless. He didn’t talk for a long time and Sherlock was starting to get worried.
"Haha, of course 'Lock." They started giggling. After a spout of childish laughter, Sherlock looked up at him.
“It's okay, I know how you feel about Christmas.” John took a step forward and held the box out further until it was right under Sherlock’s nose.
“John.” John startled, quickly pulling the covers up over his chest to hide himself, wincing as he jostled the bruise. He looked up wide eyed to see Sherlock standing in the doorway to his bedroom.
“Thank you for hanging out with me.” He said quietly. Sherlock stopped spinning and looked him over.
I like them because they’re cute.” He sniffed and took a deep breath, a few small giggles escaped before he regained composure. Sherlock smirked at him in an
Oh my god y'all, it only took me three god damn years. I have been through a shit ton since I started writing this, and I am happy to report that my depression is on the decline, and I have a newfound passion for writing. Fucking finally.
“I just frequent the museum, and I happened to notice that there's a free show every Sunday at 2. Really, all I did was pay attention.” They joked for another few minutes before Sherlock put out his cig in the ashtray beside him. John looked over at his house with a sigh.
quiet, ‘of course,’ in response. As soon as they entered the room, John was bouncing around to every display. He chattered on incessantly about different practices and items and how things were used.
“And they give me shit for being gay.” She muttered. John scowled at her as she brushed past them, going up the stairs to her room. The boys went out to the patio and took careful seats on the porch swing. Sherlock lit up a smoke and he and John chatted about family and school until it was dark out. John’s parents would be home soon, and he really didn’t want a repeat of last time. So reluctantly, he told Sherlock he should go home. They said their goodbyes on the front steps.
"Oh. Uh yeah, actually. We don't get to eat shellfish very often. I remember being about five, I think? Anyway, we went over to my gran's, and it was her 50'th, so she went all out with the catering and stuff. There was cold shrimp with cocktail sauce, lobster stuffed shrimp, snow crab legs, and full lobster tails. Everyone got a bowl of clam chowder as well. It was hell for my mum, especially when they didn't have anything except salad for her to eat. My gran didn't really like her at the time, because she got pregnant with Harry when she was 16, and then had me when she was 20. She thinks Gran thought she was a slut or something, and a gold digger, because Dad was the oldest son and Grandad has this huge company. And she was probably right, because when Grandad died, it turned out Gran had talked him out of leaving Dad anything in the will, because of Mum. It was all a huge mess really. We had to move out of our house because Grandad's bank wasn't automatically paying the house bills anymore, and they hadn't been, but we didn't know. So now Dad's in debt, and Mum never had a job, so now she does cleaning..." John stared down at the table.
“Nothing. Hey, your sandwich is going to get cold.” He muttered, turning and walking stiffly to the living room. Sherlock caught sight of a tell tale bulge forming before he left. Sherlock smoothed out his clothing, cursing at the new throb that started in his loins. He followed John out to the kitchen, where the table was set for lunch, a glass of ice water for each of them gathering condensation. Sherlock blushed slightly, smiling.
“Mf- Sherlock!” John chuckled, pinning the man's wrists and pushing himself up to look into Sherlock’s face. “Breakfast.” He stated. Sherlock pouted at him, whining out his name and pushing his soft mound to John’s half chub. “Nope, later. I’m starving.” He maneuvered Sherlock until he was able to hoist him over his shoulder, making Sherlock yelp and grasp at his back.
“That's my actual room technically. This was the nursery when Mycroft and I were younger. By the time I was grown enough to not have a Nanny, Mycroft was already at boarding school and I had well developed my… Talents, as they call it. So Mummy had a loft built so I couldn't use the majority of the space for a lab.”
"Um, I'll have a coke." His voice had gone to its natural high register in his nervousness. He swallowed, and looked down at the table cloth. The waiter nodded, jotting the drinks down and walking away.
“Great, two socially awkward teenagers falling in love, with no idea what the hell to do about it.” John’s eyes sparkled.
“C’mere.” John said, patting his thigh. Sherlock complied easily, shifting his hips to that he was leaning to the other side, his head soon in John’s lap. He stared up at John blearily, dissociated from the cough syrup.
“You haven’t been listening to anything I’ve been saying, have you?” John accused, now standing adjacent to Sherlock with his hands on his hips, a towel thrown over his shoulder. Sherlock threw him an exhausted glance, and John’s expression smoothed. “Sherlock, are you sure you’re doing okay?” he asked softly, coming over to feel Sherlock’s forehead, which was of course warm and damp with sweat after what he’d just finished doing, but John took it as a sign of being ill.
“John.” He sighed softly, content. John’s hand gently rested on Sherlock’s shoulder, testing the contact. The sleeping man let a lazy smile spread across his face, and John couldn’t help but rub at Sherlock’s dimple with his thumb. Sherlock settled, and John watched him closely as he slid his fingers into the younger man’s curls. Sherlock sighed again, his brows knitting together in a slight crease.
“I know it’s big love, I don’t expect you to go down all the way.” He murmured, thumbing his jaw. Sherlock glowered at him.
“I dunno. Seems kind of childish to focus so much anger onto someone who helped you through a really hard time in your life.” He bit back.
“Didn't think that was a big deal.” He replied, a slight gravel to his tone, making Sherlock flush, imagining what possibly could have gone on last night to make John’s voice so husky.
"It's your second choice, a close second, but still second. You will always go for the shellfish option, someone in your family is allergic, aren't they? And because you really can't get decent shellfish at a "lower class" restaurant, you don't get it that often, but it's your favorite."
His parents turned a blind eye, and when they did acknowledge him, they only told him how beautiful he was becoming. His mother preened about how he looked exactly like her: short, chubby, large breasts, thick blond hair, and a girlishly soft voice. His dad would mention how John would have failed as a son, how he didn't act like a boy, or dress like one, so he wouldn’t treated like one. And John hated it. Every bit of it.
“I do want that.” Sherlock nodded. John gave him an award winning smile and crossed the small space between them, cupping Sherlock’s jaw and pulling him up for a kiss. Sherlock thread his fingers into John’s short hair as they pulled away, foreheads resting together. Their breakfast started to burn and John only just managed to save it before it became completely inedible.
During his little speech, he had moved around John’s bedroom, taking in every inch. His full sized bed was shoved into a corner, it was messy, but it looked comfortable. A small table with a lamp was shoved between it and the wall, which had two large windows covered in black drapes. Along the wall opposite the bed and next to the door was a chest of drawers, a reasonably sized TV placed on it, a mirror between it and the door. The wall opposite the windows held a desk with an old laptop on it, a well loved desk chair nestled underneath. The final corner held a circular rug, upon it was John’s (now broken) guitar and a bean bag. The walls were covered in various paintings and book shelves. A black and white print of Big Ben was centered above the desk, and a single shelf above the bed held a stereo and various pictures of friends and family. There was a laundry bin to the right of the bed.
It is only the thought that his repugnant brother, and the forces at his command, might be of some assistance to John that prevents him from hurling his phone at his wardrobe. He jabs a text to his unfortunate relation, resolving to delete the previous correspondence first from his mobile and then from his brain.
He pushes away from the door, collapses gracelessly onto his bed, sends a text that is inadequate compared to all the things he'd like to say (
and wills sleep to take him. He'd be lying if he said he isn't considering cocaine, but if John can be brave when faced with the enemy, Sherlock will be brave when faced only with this loss he feels with a passion.
To John, standing here in Sherlock’s arms, it all feels like a precipice. There have been many in the years he’s known this man. All chances never taken.
He inhales deeply through his nose, steps directly between Sherlock’s legs, turns him so his back hits the front door, slips the hand not holding the saucer through dark curls, and pauses for one moment. He locks onto Sherlock’s impossibly gentle, molten silver, and quite thoroughly dilated eyes.
The response comes immediately, which is unexpected. The pleasant swooping in Sherlock's chest is even more so.
He’d knelt in front of Sherlock, placing a hand on his knee, struck by the memory of his stag night, years ago. Before Sherlock was his. Before he’d been granted the incredible gift of being loved by Sherlock.
wank in the shower to the thought of his flatmate, though his body aches for what had only begun to be promised as he kissed the man the night before.
Sherlock’s chest is heaving and there are tears shining on his cheeks and John waits for him to respond.
There's a twist in John's chest as he turns his head to find Sherlock close, very close, the strangest expression on his face and hands gripping John by the purple silk shirt he's wearing, and… what?
This is simultaneously the most arousing and most sentimental thing John has ever been witness to. He steps around his chair to bring a hand up to Sherlock’s, the music fading as the strings still. The memory of tears and declarations drawn from Sherlock as John pressed kisses to his skin and buried himself inside him the previous evening burn clear and vivid in his mind, and he tightens his grip on Sherlock’s hand.
John laughs because Sherlock is rambling now, actually babbling on while his hold on the purple shirt hasn't lessened a bit, and his head swims with the desire to kiss Sherlock and pull up confession after confession of his own. Hmm. Perhaps not the concussion after all.
That is his life: Before John and After John. He's living in the After, a period full of concerns and feelings he'd never previously given the time of day. And on this day in particular, fear and apprehension and overwhelming sentiment reign as he prepares to defend the person that’s split his life into these eras, exceedingly for the better over the past four years.
John is descending the stairs from his bedroom to the sitting room, having taken Rosie to her cot for a nap, and he’s grateful that at only a few months over a year old, she still requires them (quite soon she will also require a room of her own in the flat, a topic which John has steadfastly avoided acknowledging). He’s barely cleared the last step before Sherlock appears at his shoulder with a cup of tea.
He is greeted in the sitting room by an image he knows will be imprinted in his mind until the day he dies, and perhaps longer than that - Sherlock, back to John as he faces out the window, curls dancing as he moves with the music he plays.
“What about. Now?” He pulls back far enough to look at the man before him, the man who used to sneer at love and call it a defect. The man who has become more human than anyone John has ever known. The man John has loved for years.
As if summoned by Sherlock's own traitorous thoughts, John appears at down the lane with an audible sigh of relief. Sherlock is glad for the truth in that his tolerance for social contact wears thin rather quicker than for others, as it makes a fine excuse at present for his having sequestered himself, though he doesn't begrudge John's presence even now.
The threat is clever as well, he concedes, though he'll never give it the credit he gives to John's nature. All he can do today is stand at John's side and keep faith with the only two things he's ever
John doesn’t see Mary now. Maybe he’ll never know what she really was. But he’s glad for what what his heart made her, in the absence of Sherlock, to push him back to where he belongs.
His lips and hands had slowed, and he’d pulled back with a half smile, certain of his next action but unsure of what the reception might be. He’d stood, crossed to his laptop, queued a song, and pulled Sherlock to sit on the sofa with him.
He takes the cup and saucer, fingers brushing pale knuckles. Desire, anxiety, and the deepest love he’s ever known sweep up his veins, and his next action is instantaneous.
“I heard the fuss she gave you before she finally fell asleep,” Sherlock says, voice and smile soft. “I made sure this would be hot for when you came down.”
He straightens up out of bed, reaching for his mobile. Hm. Lestrade probably wouldn't have appreciated a text in the middle of the night anyway.
“No, John. Your actions are to be commended today. You're the one that had far too much asked of you.”
“Well, sometimes a person might prefer… what’s the phrase? A pretty lie over an ugly truth?” Sherlock is suddenly overcome with the esteem in which he holds his friend. “But I have never taken you for such a person, John.”
“You know, most people come out and say something like ‘I love you’ instead of talking about trading clothes that don't fit the other.”
He inhales through his nose. Several weeks on and the facts are no easier to bear. "But trust me to fall for that sort of woman, you know?"
Miles across London, the vibration of John’s mobile in his pocket interrupts his taxi ride to Tesco, and has him hastily ordering a change of direction to the driver. He stares at the screen, heart staccato with memories and yearning.
“Sherlock,” he’d tried again, lips turned up in a smirk. “When I take you to bed, or you decide the hall is the perfect place to suck me off, or when you can’t even remember your name because of what I’m doing to you, and I get to see that brilliant mind switching on and off in pleasure… you think I’m not satisfied?”
He steps under the blistering stream of water, thankful for the way it sears his skin and sends up steam to dizzy him, though it’s but a fleeting reprieve from his brooding. His thoughts simmer into hazy memory, a heated kiss, smoldering eyes, and languid breath flooding every corner of his mind. He tries valiantly not to imagine John having intercourse, tries to discourage the sudden blood flow to his groin, and fails.
He is overcome with the fierce desire to seize John's hand and run into the night. John would oblige. John would follow.
It is two days before he leaves the flat for takeaway and cigarettes, and two nights before he manages a proper sleep again.
He stands by and watches the woman who will never deserve his doctor, and who may very well hurt him, take him far enough out of reach that even the memory of John’s kiss-come-confession is of little consolation.
He brings his Strad to life while John dances with Mary. The bow and strings feel like acid in his hands, and for the first time he can ever recall, he takes no pleasure in a melody of his own creation.
His lips part and he feels too warm. If John has taken notice of this deviation, his expression is not giving that away, and so Sherlock draws in a steadying breath to continue.
He’d gotten as far as broaching the subject as delicately as he could manage, therefore nowhere near delicately enough, and explaining that he had proof, before the desolation on the doctor’s face brought him to a halt, and John stumbled from the flat. Sherlock heard the thud of a foot colliding with a wall before the slam of a door, and then silence. Mrs. Hudson would worry.
. It's all lies that carry him through the rest of his speech, and indeed everything he's said at this table already that wasn't the singing of his own personal praises of John. He ruminates on the many people that throughout his life have implied or stated forthright that he is a terrible liar and he thinks viciously,
The dismissive disdain in his voice, put there for show, hits the mark as John exhales again in amusement and settles at Sherlock's side against a hedge. Any misgivings Sherlock had noted in John before have melted away, replaced by undisguised admiration.
John shifts back, still on elbows, to better take in the scene Sherlock is presenting him, though his head is still hazy.
Nevertheless, Sherlock insisted on circling the building once in its entirety before climbing up the nearest hill to get a better view of the surrounding area. How precisely this was supposed to help him figure out how Frederik Larsson had been stabbed outside the back door to the kitchen on the previous Monday, John had no idea. He didn't bother asking Sherlock, though, because he knew well enough that he wouldn't have received an answer anyway.
That was true, but by now John also knew him well enough to know when Sherlock was being evasive. "Yes, I know. I've seen you dig around in skips and gutters. What I haven't seen is you taking off your clothes to investigate an attic."
As another roll of thunder shook the house so strongly he could feel it in his bones, John gave up and did what he had already known he was going to do. He went to Sherlock's bedroom.
Everywhere John looked, he was met with the warm, golden glow of Christmas decorations. There were hardly any of the tacky, multi-coloured, flashing and/or glaring lights he was used to seeing in London. People had even decorated the trees in their front gardens in a festive manner.
Visiting the bathroom seemed like a good idea anyway, so he got up, went to the loo and then conducted a thorough search of the sink and shower area. No watch.
"That woman," Sherlock muttered once she had descended the stairs and they had heard her door close. "I'm almost glad I never met her when she was still a young woman; she must have been an unstoppable force of nature."
She decides that something needs to be done or they're all going to be standing here like this until the end of time.
John had no way of telling him that any kind of restriction around his neck would feel too tight, so he merely focused on his breathing and struggled to adjust to the weight around his neck.
Sherlock exhaled loudly at that, dissatisfied. "There will be questions. Regardless. And later…obviously, forensics…"
Sherlock muttered, “Um. Alright.” He’d never felt so out of depth in his life. He had been certain there was nothing left on heaven or earth that could surprise him. And he felt so shaken up that he needed a Dramamine and a long nap.
"Okay," Lestrade said, stepping between them. "Why don't you two just relax?" He looked miserable. "This is absolutely not the time or place for…whatever this is."
When  Sarah's living room grew dim, John was startled awake by the chime on  his phone. He'd left it on the arm of the sofa, very close to his ear.  When he went off, he sat up like a shot. "God." Grumbling, he took up  the phone. He rubbed his eyes. Then he read the text.
Sherlock answered coolly, "I assumed you’d be comfortable with your own therapist. You have a history."
So  he had habits. Bad habits. Habits that John had always tolerated,  habits Sherlock thought were normal, like being excessively demanding,  obnoxious, obtuse, impatient, rude, cruel and thick and  brilliant. Except it wasn't normal, it had never been normal to ask John to drop whatever he was doing to race across town to  be met with a simple task Sherlock wanted John to do because Sherlock  couldn't be bothered. And eventually, John was bound to blow up about  it. Anyone else would have seen that coming. It was inevitable. And it  only made sense that John would lose his cool under times of elevated  stress.
for John. And receive praise for his efforts. He could see how fatherhood could coax out his inner Neanderthal. He’d already started cooking to prove his measure, and he’d done so automatically, without thinking. Before long, he imagined he’d be
He stood up from the couch, yawning and scratching his hair. Other than the kitchen light, it was black in the flat. There wasn't a clock around, so Lestrade couldn't guess what time it was. He padded across the flat to the kitchen doors and pushed them apart, blinking sleepily into the light. "Hey." He saw Sherlock had a steaming mug.  "You make enough for two?"
Lestrade held up a photo. It was an old photo and, according to Ella and Harry, John had lost weight since it was taken. "He's a vet…,"
John went to the back kitchen door, opened and shut it loudly and turned the key. “There. It’s locked.”
When Sarah left  for work she kissed John good-bye on his forehead. "Take a few days  off," she urged him. "Get your head straight. Let me know if there's any  word about Sherlock."
but I do sometimes and it instantly transports me back to my childhood when I ran up and down her stairs and her big old house was a mystery and it took my whole hand just to wrap around one of her fingers. And soon you'll be clutching the hand of your own toddler and one day
"Slow down there," John cautioned with the greatest possible affection, secretly thrilled to be watching Sherlock stuff his gob.
John tipped back the last of his wine. Some of it gathered in the corner of his mouth. His tongue lapped out to catch it. "When Harry first came to me and told me she was a lesbian, my first, instinctive, gut-reaction was, Oh, great. Yet another thing she can throw in mom and dad's face, another thing she's doing for attention. She made it so easy for my parents' world view to look normal, even though I know it was oppressive. I could have just written her off, right then and there. I was so sick of her constant drama."
Sherlock's white hands  reached out, his translucent skin catching the soft glow of the street  lights filtering in from the windows and the dim kitchen light over the  sink–the only sources of light in the flat. John couldn't tell  Sherlock's hands were shaking until his fingers curled around the mug  and the coffee within quivered and sloshed audibly. Sherlock brought the  coffee carefully to his lips and sipped greedily, seeking comfort and  distraction in the heat. By now, John's eyes had adjusted to the  darkness and he watched Sherlock's haggard face relax as he drank.
favors the surrogate mother that even in cases when another woman's egg is used to conceive, the baby's legal mother still remains the surrogate. And,  by the way, if the surrogate is married, her
"You're welcome. Please continue." Sherlock noted where his older self had set the hand gun down next to him. He thought about lunging for it, but he made no move for it. He eyed it for a long time.
Sherlock's mind was empty.  There was usually a great deal of chatter going on up in his head, many  experiments running their course, many observations being catalogued and  departmentalized. But there was only one word in his head still. A very  not nice word.
John stood taut for a moment. Then he threw down his paper on the floor and made a bee-line right for Sherlock.
Harry said, “So. I’m away on business a lot. I wasn’t always in London when John came home for leave. So, there was no one to greet him at the airport that time. No one to give him a place to stay. And that was typical. He’s never made a big deal about it. So, he took a cab to a hotel and once he was settled in, he gets this email from his army friend and it’s the video of the
They found nothing, though they stopped every person they met until dusk. When it became too dark to accomplish anything meaningful, they waited on a street corner, trying to flag down a cab.
Willis was leaning against his desk. "Stephen Hawking said something along the lines of; time travel will never be invented and we
"John," Mrs. Hudson said critically. "That's really not very good. What friends tell each other in confidence should be respected. I'm sure if Sherlock told Molly anything, he would want it to stay private. Just wait your turn. Mycroft said Sherlock would be here soon…"
! And what about schools?" Sherlock walked slowly down the hall, rotating in circles, eyes shut. "We'll need to find a neighborhood with a very good school. And a playground. University. John." Sherlock's eyes popped open. "
John padded blindly towards the kitchen. He felt his way with his feet. "You break laws all the time!"
"Are you saying you brought my friend forward fifteen years into the future?" Sherlock asked bitterly. "Somehow dodging his murder, just to appear before my eyes? Where did he go, then?"
at me. And I felt like  such garbage. Cause I knew we did this to him. I told the whole team how  disappointed I was in them, and in myself. I told them I was resigning.  Nobody stopped me. They all waited for me outside the chief's office.  When I was leaving, they asked me where I was going, what was I going to  do? I told them I was on my way to see Sherlock Holmes. They all…they  grabbed their coats and followed me."
"Your voice was so cold and detached. The way you said ‘This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?’ you sounded like a different person.  I dared to believe, dared to deny, dared to
? A normal life with a wife and kids and a house? Vacations and family reunions and Christmas mornings and showing people the pictures in your wallet?”
Sherlock put down his hands in frustration. But before he could shout at Lestrade a million insults, he took a deep breath. "Let me explain a different way," Sherlock offered. "What John did is
Sherlock said nothing. His eye lashes were wet. He blinked rapidly. For the first time, he noticed the old man.
how Sherlock would describe his feelings when he was depressed, his brain all wound up, his thoughts racing and insatiable, overwhelming his whole body so that he could literally do
"Not only is it embarrassing for you," Sherlock said, "but you're worried it will prevent you from dating and finding a suitable girlfriend in the future, should a desirable woman present herself. And you're right. Compounded by the fact that having a child may be upsetting to a woman who, potentially, would like to have a baby of her own someday, or a turn-off to a woman who
John gestured towards the back kitchen door. “The shuffling zombies in your Mind Palace I just locked out, triggered by some horrible information Mycroft imparted to you on his death bed.”
"All the feelings laid out bare," Mycroft said. "Each paragraph documenting your escalating terror, culminating in panicked denials. I've read each troubling passage, every one growing darker and darker than the one before it. When I came upon the sentence, 'I want to die,' I couldn't read anymore." He looked up, his eyes unusually bright in the glow of the laptop. "Shall I read it to you?"
Later, prepared to part ways, Sherlock's face fell again. No longer distracted by new friendship, his mind was wandering back to dark thoughts. Molly took Sherlock's hand in hers and asked him to reconsider seeing a doctor. But Sherlock faked a smile and promised not to hurt himself.
“John mentioned about that hat, how much you hate it.”  Harry paused. “I didn’t…realize we were meeting alone. I expected that John would be here, too.”
.  You've always been sweet to people." She made a big, sweeping,  meaningless gesture with her hands, cupping the air, as if the whole of  their relationship was a tangible thing she could grasp. "I need  to…evaluate all
detective.” She folded her hands on the table, studying Sherlock carefully as he was studying her. “You and John have lived together for almost two years and…I’ve never seen you. Except your picture in the papers.” There was an accusation hidden in her words.
He took night classes, not because he needed flexibility or because he needed to accommodate a work schedule, but because it was less embarrassing. He was surrounded by other adults. It didn’t work. The other people he met were his intellectual inferiors by far. Pretending to be their peer made him feel worse. But he went anyhow.
"And so," Lestrade went on, "when I found out  that…that Sherlock was gone….that he might be dead…I just. I didn't know  what to do. He's my…he's my mate." He let his hand drop. "He's my
The visitor center was filled with people in various  states of dress, various states of crises, meeting family members and  friends in various states of shock, denial and relief. Sherlock watched  dozens of human dramas play out with a sense of disgust and fascination.  It was awful that this all had to happen here, in a large room, no  privacy.
Sherlock paced restlessly in the kitchen, practically chewing through his fist, watching her casually rifle through. He couldn't tell her she couldn't have John's things. As the next-of-kin, she was entitled to anything she wanted.
"I…I don't…I don't…" John looked over at Lestrade, who shrugged at him in turned. John looked at Mrs. Hudson, who put up her hands. John looked back at Molly. "What the
gay. But no one thinks you're gay when you're alone. So, you aren't emitting some pheromone, alerting the general public that you're a homosexual. You aren't the last to know. You haven't the slightest inclination to have sex with men, and the fact that you're trying to convince me otherwise is stupid and insulting and boring. Believe me, if you were gay, I would know. I can see things, John, because seeing details and extrapolating information from what I see is what I do for a living. I'm a legend at it. So rest easy and
Molly gulped and rushed to follow. People were still looking at her. She tried not to make eye contact with any of the irritated customers and kept herself a close to Sherlock's back as possible without walking into him. To preoccupy herself, she scrolled through her phone to see what Sherlock had done to it. She found a new ring tone had been downloaded. She clicked on the file name just as Sherlock settled into an available booth in the corner.
"God," Sherlock snarled, plucking the phone from her hand, jolting her from her stupor. "This is intolerable. Unforgivable." His fingers danced across the keys, silencing the ringer.
Sherlock composed himself, turning his nose up. "I can do all those things and more." He gestured flippantly, as if indicating some barrier between the two of them. "But, this is
Sherlock groaned, ducking into the kitchen. “Come on. Tell me that London chose this day of all days to be perfectly civilized.”
He was standing in front of the kitchen table at that exact moment, luckily, and the boiling pot landed on
…," he jabbed a finger into John's chest to  make a point, "…I let them trash talk Sherlock right to his face. I let  them because I didn't want one of them to get fed up and tell the chief I  was breaking the rules. I've always known it was just a matter of time  before one of them went over my head and,
So Sherlock turned off the oven, slipped out of his apron and went to the fridge and opened the door and crouched down. When he emerged, he had a beer of his own.
"Physically impossible," the nurse  dismissed. "You'd pass out and lose concentration and start breathing  again."
Sherlock sat up, feeling determined. “You should seek a second opinion. And a third and a fourth and truly exhaust all avenues. And then, if all else fails, we can adopt. You aren’t
It felt like fire against Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock dug his thumbnails into John’s wrists to stop him. “Stop it right now! Stop it!!”
Molly continued to dig through her purse, though her rustlings became lethargic as her mind was preoccupied with visions of her fleeting, false relationship with a man who turned out to be a master criminal. She felt dirty. For a moment, she was just silent and still, the phone in her limp hand. She thought, I wonder if they found out at the hospital. I wonder if that's why…
John kept reminding himself of this. Every day, he  told himself this. Sherlock came out to John because they were friends.
He remembered seeing them begin sometime last week, but it was miniscule, he’d forgotten. Hopefully John hadn’t noticed. It had been a while since Sherlock’s eating was this bad, maybe John wouldn’t notice. But John noticed everything, he could read Sherlock like a damn book, eventually. He wasn’t an idiot like everyone else. John saw through all of his barriers, with enough time. Through the years of sharing a flat with each other, Sherlock had come to be able to read in-between the lines in John’s behaviour. However, Sherlock could never really tell what he was thinking, and that frustrated him.
“They gave you a special curiculum just because you’re a twat? Man, I wish I could get away with that in public school.” John shook his head. Sherlock smirked at him, doing a slow spin in the chair.
“You wanted to make a mess, love. So make a fucking mess.” John growled, then squeezed on Sherlock’s throat in hard pulses, jabbing his length as deep and brutal as he could. Then he felt it, a new pressure against his cock head. Sherlock felt like he was dying. The urge to vomit around the cock in his throat finally couldn’t be ignored. John yanked his cock out and watched as a torrent of vomit spilled past Sherlock’s pretty lips and dripped down his body. Sherlock sobbed and gasped, tears streaming down his face. John wasted no time in repeating the action, this time not pulling out when he felt the puke pressing against his cock. He thrust past it and moaned when it bubbled past his cock and over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock was convulsing between him, his body twitching and writhing, hips canting towards the floor trying to stimulate his neglected cunt, but his hands stayed clasped together behind his back.
“You sure? There isn’t some sleeping disorder making a come back from your childhood?” John pressed. Sherlock looked away, flushing slightly.
“Well of course, silly. I like spending time with you. You’re like minded and actually want to be my friend. Not to mention you’re pretty intimidating so people don't try to pick on me.” He stated sheepishly. Sherlock hummed and took a drag. The sun was starting to set and John let out a sigh.
“The museum? I don’t see why you would want to go to the museum. There are no new exhibits that you would be interested in.” He raised a brow at Sherlock who was throwing on a
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock. You know, I am working on your mother. She slipped up the other day and called you William. Your plan seems to be working.” She gave him a wink and he beamed.
“Oh come off it. You said it yourself, your brother helped you get hormones when you were 13. How can he be your mortal enemy when he helped you get that?” John tried not to let the jealousy edge into his voice.
“I took them out yesterday because I knew I wasn’t going to be in a part of town I trusted. I didn’t want to risk getting mugged over £12 worth of surgical steel.” John nodded and watched silently as Sherlock blew out a breath and spun the chair around.
“That's not my name!” He whipped around to face his father, almost spilling his plate over the front of the man towering over him. His father wasn’t a tall man, he would only come up to Sherlock’s shoulder, maybe a bit more, but he was a sturdy man. Blue piercing eyes and an extremely bushy handlebar moustache, if he wasn't so angry, he’d be charming. His chest was as wide as a barrel and his hands were thick from years of hard work. He could inflict pain very easily, and he used people’s fear of pain to control them. He leaned forward into John’s face until the whiskers of his moustache were touching the boys nose.
No matter how fast he ran, how much weight he lifted, he always kept the pudge of hips and breasts underneath his clothing. But the bandages helped with that. He knew they were dangerous. His left shoulder always ached when he took them off, but the pain kept him in the moment. The flatter image of his chest kept him sane. And just to get back at his mother for cooing over his hair, he chopped it off and dyed it black, the pink stripe a jibe to his father, but it backfired immediately and he wasn’t able to wash it out completely. He tried to act like a boy, and dress like one, he really did. But his body fit weird under the boy clothes he tried on. They were too tight around the fat that haunted him, blatantly showing his curves and bust more so than girls clothes. He’d even been doing some voice exercises he found on the internet, to make his voice deeper. But it didn't work that well. So he just opted for staying silent most days. He didn't speak if there were more than 10 people in a classroom, in fear that they would misgender him behind his back. His teachers pitied him, thought he was shy or had a stutter, even though they hardly ever called him by his male name, let alone the right pronouns.
“I dunno…” John teased, giving his cock a firm stroke before gripping it at the base again, wagging it slightly to tempt the other man. “Tell me how much you want it.”
“Well, of course. If that's alright, I mean. If that’s what you want?” John turned and leaned against the cupboards.
“I’ll admit, when they mentioned a home study, I started acting out more so that they would seriously consider it. That place sucked the souls out of students.” He shivered. John rolled his eyes. They were quite for a few more minutes. Sherlock had stopped spinning, his stomach wasn’t too happy about the constant movement. John had laid his head down on the bed and his breathing had slowed.
“I…” Sherlock didn’t know what to say, He couldn’t fix it on his own, and if he asked Mycroft to get it fixed he would be placed under scrutiny. But he did have money. He was going to spend it on cocaine… But suddenly this seemed more important than his next high.
The train was mostly vacant at this time of day, so Sherlock got lucky with a seat caddy corner to him. Perfect to observe without being seen, he let his curls drop over his face and pretended to be absorbed in his phone. The boy’s clothes were generically tailored to fit curves, show off a bust and a butt. Maybe they were purchased by mistake or handed down, but the wear of them insisted that they were at least a year old, and the way he was holding himself said he and his older sister had completely different body shapes, and that she would have been too vain to see him wearing her old clothes. Even before he transitioned.
"Uh huh. Well, I'm off to Clara's. Leave a sock on the front door just in case." And with that, she threw on her jacket and walked out of the house. John swallowed and rubbed his hands down his face.
“I’m sorry, are you-” He stopped, looking down at his socks, a flush overtaking his face. “Are you doing that on purpose?” He asked, finally looking Sherlock in the eyes. Sherlock feigned ignorance.
“To pity someone is to feel sorry for them, to empathize with someone is to feel the same way they do.” Sherlock stated. “Really, John. You’ve just earned A’s in all of your classes this term. You’re well on your way to sixth form, and earning a grant for university. I would think you would know the difference.” Sherlock took a long sip out of his lukewarm drink. John thought for a second, then looked up confused.
The thought sparked concern, John had only seen a depressed Sherlock after Irene had passed. But that was nothing like this. Those were danger days, where John worried he might turn to substance. But this past week held a different shade. Black days, almost. John shook his head, brow wrinkled, then pushed off the sink and went to his room. He fell into his nightly routine, no matter how exhausted he was, it was like he didn’t get a good night’s rest if he skipped it. As he laid down with the lights off, his mind wandered to his date. He’d been feeling restless, his type in women sometimes just didn’t get the edge he needed. So he logged onto a cruising site and set up an “appointment”. He’d gone to the man’s house after his shift, they had a few beers, watched a film, then a hand found its way into John’s pants and the night had gone from there. The man was very lithe, John had fun putting him into multiple positions, and boy had that scratched the itch. John was pleasantly worn out from his excursion, but his mind was still racing. His body had been satiated, but it wasn’t enough sometimes. That was the only drawback from hookups like these. John sighed, closing his eyes and rolling over. He was determined to fall asleep before his alarm went off at 7.
They slept soundly until the sun shone brightly through the window, warming the couple until it was uncomfortable to stay cuddled so close together. John woke on his back with Sherlock’s legs and arms wrapped completely around him, his forehead was pressed into John’s shoulder. They were a little sweaty from the sun beating down on them, but John was in no hurry to move. Sherlock slept like a rock. Silent, unmoving. John would have pinged him for a snorer, but surprisingly, he breathed through his nose softly, features relaxed. John rolled over as gently as he could, not waking the other man, and took a few moments to imprint the view into memory. John really liked watching Sherlock sleep, the few times he’d been privy to it. His face was so relaxed, he looked softer, somehow. Like all of his angles and hard features just melted away and he looked 10 years younger. John cupped his jaw and slid his fingers into his messy dark curls, bringing their foreheads together. He spent a few minutes stroking Sherlock’s hair and breathing in his sleepy scent before Sherlock himself woke as well.
“What do you want, Mycroft.” His brother looked down his nose at him, which was a feat, considering Sherlock was almost taller than him.
“Thirty-six and thirty-seven respectively. The one on the right is not a natural blonde and then woman on the left has early grey streaks. They’re old friends. Highschool maybe, no. Sophomore year of Uni. They took an advanced biology class together and roomed the next year. They’re not dressed for a walk, they’re dressed for a lunch, indoors. A couples lunch. But neither of them have husbands, in fact, they’re both gay. No romantic relationship between them however, they are both pining after the same woman in the law firm they work at. It won't go anywhere, she’s married.”
Another image of John’s stubble floated into his mind, it hadn’t left. Sherlock left his toast on the coffee table and laid back down on the sofa, looking out the window, one hand resting on his gaunt stomach and the other above his head, tangled in his hair in frustration.
“No?” John reached up a hand to scratch behind Sherlock’s ear lightly, and to his delight, the boy practically purred, leaning into his touch. John moved his scratches along Sherlock’s scalp, and he arched his back and shivered, looking up into John’s eyes. The lustful heat from earlier was gone, but in place of it, a fond smile had overtaken John’s features.
"A completely healthy drug addict. Sure. Okay." John scoffed. Sherlock sent a harsh glare at the chubby boy next to him, rising from the bench with his fists clenched.
"Oh I am so sorry about that, sir!" He exclaimed, looking extremely guilty. "Um, I'll get your food out as soon as possible... Again I'm so so sorry." John smiled to put the poor man at rest.
“I… I need to be sure.” He sounded so small, like asking John to say it was going to make him run for the hills. Then John noticed he was trembling slightly.
“No, that was… that was beautiful, Sherlock. And I-I have something for you. Gime me a mo’” John hurried down the ladder and to his coat, pulling out the small gift hidden inside. He took a deep breath and steeled himself, marching back up the ladder to Sherlock who was in the same position he’d left him in. After chewing on his lip for a second, John finally presented the taller boy with the gift. The small red and green plaid box with the silver bow. Sherlock’s eyes sparkled and for a moment John thought he was going to cry.
"Mr Forsythe senior, yes. He was very friendly, always liked to stop for a chat. He was very busy, of course, but he never made his employees feel like they were wasting his time."
As if on cue, the door opened and they both turned, hopeful and curious. Their expectations were disappointed.
When they had discussed Sherlock's return, they had briefly considered that he and Rosie would meet him at the airport or something but then they had imagined having to greet each other in public and had promptly discarded the idea.
"They're not-," Lestrade began, but Sherlock had already turned around and was heading towards the street. He could hear John mutter a goodbye before following him.
Sherlock wiped his hand on the closest fabric available - John’s pants - and wound his arms around him, pressing little kisses to his throat and clavicle.
"I didn't come back to chitchat," Sherlock told him. "You have my address, Lestrade. You're welcome to visit at any time, as I told you before."
"Indeed," Sherlock confirmed. "His flat still had a faint scent of baby powder in the air. It took me a while to place the smell as I don't usually deal with babies."
His heartbeat hadn’t fully calmed down yet and Sherlock’s words lingered in his mind, a promise and a request in one. He wanted both.
It wasn't difficult to find dozens of them. Sherlock asking with a tremulous voice if John thought the idea of being with him was so disgusting he couldn't stand for others to entertain it came to mind and John thought he might be sick.
"This is one of them," Sherlock said and John watched him shiver as the deliciously warm water worked its magic.
“She was up here yesterday evening when you had gone to bed and wanted to know what she could do. That woman is a one-woman-army, John, I wouldn’t have denied her even if I had been able to find a feasible reason to do so.”
"Uh ..." John hesitated. If asked for his honest opinion, he would have to say that Sherlock always looked drop-dead gorgeous. It didn't matter what colour shirt he wore. But of course he couldn't possibly say any such thing aloud. It would give too much away. And besides, it just wasn't done. "You do realise I don't have a clue about fashion, right? I mean, you complain about my jumpers often enough."
"I will," he said softly and then lengthened his steps to catch up with John, who had just flagged down a cab and was holding the door open rather impatiently.
John yawned and stretched, unconsciously granting Sherlock the guilty pleasure of watching his t-shirt ride up his torso. He allowed his eyes to linger on the curve of John's hip bones for a moment or two before pretending to return his attention to his book.
John watched him go, then turned around, went into the sitting room and hopped onto his chair. It was no problem to curl up on the seat with his head resting on the armrest, and he closed his eyes to doze for a while. After all the work he had already done this morning, he thought he deserved a bit of a rest.
"I ... see," Sherlock said slowly. But he thought that he didn't see at all. He remembered that John wouldn't use it against him. "No, I don't."
Mrs Munkeld waved his thanks away. "Oh, it's no matter. Thank you for stopping by and giving us an update."
That is ... unexpected. Sherlock always knows more than everyone else in the room, certainly more than John does. He frowns. "What kind of information?"
Upon leaving the breakfast hall some time later, they almost walked into a group of guests who had apparently been waiting for them.
Before she can ruminate on that any longer, Molly distracts her by holding up a truly garish Christmas jumper. "What do you think?"
Sherlock turned to Donovan. "Sally, could you watch Johnny here for a while? I won't have anything for Lestrade until I've seen both bodies, so there's really no point in you simply standing around here, waiting. Take this bag." He unslung the messenger bag from his shoulder and handed it to her. "There's water and a bowl, a chew bone, his lead and some toys in there. And a handful of dog treats, if you're feeling generous. Why don't you take him for a walk in Postman's Park round the corner?"
John did. "Vaguely. That was a nine, wasn't it? I mostly remember you not sleeping and experimenting with various compounds to find out how the robbers had caused the memory loss..."
She remembers the tall, serious man at the funeral who seemed to carry the weight of the world and thinks she should have known his name wouldn't be anything as simple as 'Sam' or perhaps 'Peter'.
They woke some time later and took a shower where Sherlock demonstrated that an entire pack of cigarettes was not the only thing that fit into his mouth and that yes, it was possible for him to deduce precisely when John would come.
John shook his head. "Yeah but that's not an excuse. I shouldn't have attacked you. It wasn't .... good."
"He barely hit me," Sherlock assured him. "It smarts a bit and might leave a slight bruise but that's all. I'll put some ice on it once we're home, if you insist."
Surprise! You're getting this one two days early because I'm leaving for a week-long camping trip tomorrow morning and didn't want to make you guys suffer while I'm hiking and kayaking in the Canadian wilderness. The next chapter will be up on Monday, Sept. 9th. Enjoy!
"Oh, Mr Sigerson! I didn't expect you to come back so soon," the old man said. "What can I do for you?"
This time, John was the first to look away. There was only so much time he could spend staring into Sherlock's iridescent eyes without wanting to drag him off to his lair and ravish him.
Meanwhile, Sherlock sat cross-legged on the floor, his eyes open but unfocused as he added yet another layer of shields to his mind. Every now and then, John could see his eyes flare. By now, he knew it meant the Psy was using a large amount of power.
The slow, methodical motion of his arm as he dragged the brush through John's thick fur and the sensation of John's chest expanding and contracting with each breath under his hands was relaxing in a way Sherlock had not anticipated.
"Yeah, don't come up behind him," Lestrade said. "He had one of our PCs on the ground with his arm behind his back in two seconds flat. Looked a bit feral, too, and then actually apologised when he realised what had happened. Whatever he's been up to, it can't have been good."
The moment the words were out of his mouth, he knew he had been too harsh. John wasn't homophobic - something Sherlock was fully aware of. His relationship to his sister may be strained, but the problem was her being an alcoholic, not her being a lesbian. His own overreaction just now may very well be the final straw that tipped John off to what was really going on.
"Thank you." Sherlock sounded so relieved, John would have honestly believed he was a man afraid of chasing his boyfriend away with bad behaviour if he hadn't known the detective for years and knew very well that Sherlock didn't give a toss one way or another.
"What a lovely idea. Let me help you! If they are anything like my boys, they'll demolish a cake in no time at all!" Mrs Hudson claps her hands together in delight and Sally feels her smile widen, knowing exactly who 'my boys' are and utterly failing to imagine Sherlock Holmes demolishing a cake. And yet she doesn't doubt it for a second.
The Psy in question threw his head back and shouted as their cocks slid together, coming apart under John's touch so violently John had to hold him down to prevent him from accidentally smacking his arm against the bed frame. Sherlock's entire body shook beneath him, all the breath punched from his lungs at once. He looked dazed and, underneath that, surprised. John thought he'd never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
Sherlock hadn't really expected to sleep that night, but apparently John's insistence on regular hours was already rubbing off on his transport. After only succumbing to sleep in the early hours of the morning the previous night, he had fallen asleep last night before John had even left his bedroom and a glance at the clock told him that he had in fact slept through the night. It happened rarely enough, so Sherlock supposed he had been overdue for one.
John tried to keep his breathing calm and his body relaxed. He was afraid that if he moved even a little, he would have to run to make it to the bathroom in time to be violently sick. He carefully brushed his fingers across the scar tissue once more. Sherlock let out a tiny, shuddering breath, and his muscles twitched.
It shouldn't. If Sherlock had a say in it, no other human was ever going to see these scars. No doctors, no acquaintances. Certainly no lovers. There wouldn't be any. That chapter of his life was closed and he had no intention of reopening it - not with John's wedding less than a month away.
"Every time the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me." He shrugged. "Burglaries, robberies, kidnappings, murders. Whenever they don't have anything interesting, I take on private clients."
He took a shuddering breath. "I can't do it, Mrs Hudson. I can't tell him. All I can do is drag out whatever time I have until he finally loses his patience and forces me to sign the papers. And then he'll turn straight around an-and marry her like it didn't mean anything at all - because it doesn't, to him. And he'll expect me to be there and I will be. I will be there, at his wedding, because I can't possibly tell him that I'd rather throw myself off of St. Bart's for real this time without also telling him why."
"I ... longer," Sherlock managed, his throat clicking as he swallowed. "I don't know about you but ... for me ... always, John, I ..."
"You're a medical man who is acclimatised to violence," Sherlock pointed out. "You've just spent a good half hour in my company without trying to punch me in the face or getting offended even once. All of these make you perfectly qualified for my kind of work. I can always use an army medic."
"But you would never do any of that," he pointed out. "You may act like you don't care, you may lie to my face and everyone else's and pretend Silence is everything you are, but it's not the truth. You know better and so do I. You would never turn into an unfeeling killing machine, Sherlock, no matter what other people claim. There is no way you would ever cause innocents harm."
“No.” Sherlock paused, swallowed. “No, you're right. I … I would like to tell you. But it is not a pretty story and it may take a while.”
After sixteen months in Afghanistan with its blazing heat, he was no longer used to the English weather. Yes, the nights in the desert had been freezing, but they had still been dry. Dry and full of sand and blood and adrenaline.
John sighed. No way around it, he needed to do it at least partially. Carefully keeping hold of his control, he allowed his cat closer to the surface, let it taste the air and allowed his eyes to shift from human to cat.
The conversation moved on and after another hour of idle chatting they bid the other guests good night and returned to their room.
John contemplated sending him a message. Just a quick 'I'm at home, where are you?'. But he couldn't bring himself to type it out or even dictate the message and then the microwave beeped and he turned his attention to his dinner.
John reached out and grabbed the front of Sherlock's shirt, forcefully pulling him towards him just as the tree toppled and fell to the side, right onto the coffee table.
"Yes, I can see that. Why are you packing? I thought we were going to stay for another couple of days."
"Mh?" Mrs Hudson paused in straightening a pillow on the sofa. "Oh, yes! The pictures are ready! Mrs Turner's daughter came by earlier and went to have them developed. You know I don't have a clue how to work these machines at Boots. In my day, we had to send them in and it took weeks to get them developed and we spent all that time hoping no one had their thumb over the lense when the pictures were taken."
Sherlock groaned. "Murder? What murder? Never heard of it. Stop talking nonsense and kiss me again."
"I don't care who started what," John snapped. "I don't want you antagonising my fiancée like that."
The flat was empty and he didn't know if that was a good or a bad thing. He checked his datapad but found no messages from Sherlock. No e-mails, no texts, no messages.
“What an interesting coincidence,” John said lightly. “One might almost think there’s no reason for any of Scotland Yard’s finest to be here.”
"Well, he wasn't the fastest learner but he was very thorough and reliable. You could depend on him to get a job done once you gave him a task, so long as you didn't expect it to happen immediately. He had an aptitude for anything electrical, so I had him check the old wiring under the attic floorboards - the lights haven't flickered once since he's had a go at them."
Mrs Hudson took no notice of his interest in the ducks and was instead focused on something else entirely - unfortunately, it was the very topic John had been trying very hard not to think about. Pun not intended.
John swallowed. "Thank you," he said softly. "I know you won't, Sherlock, and I don't think you ever could."
This time it was Sherlock's turn to go still. They never spoke about his time away or how John had or hadn't coped with it.
She smiled. "Snicket seems to like him well enough." She turned to eye Sherlock curiously. "I haven't seen you around here before."
Sherlock grinned and opened the door. “Let’s go down, then. I hear they have fried Mars bar on the dessert menu.”
"Do you know, I believe we will have to consider getting a dog once you are back to your human form," Sherlock mused. "I'm getting used to having another living being in my bed."
"Just put them down over there," she said, indicating one of the tables in the morgue. "I will return them to their owners as soon as I've shown you what I found."
They got out of the car and stretched their legs a little, all of them relieved to be able to move a little.
He turned and walked back to Sherlock's side as if nothing at all had happened and Sherlock watched, wide-eyed, as not a single one of the officers present challenged him for what could be described as borderline physical assault.
He smiled brightly at the DI and released Sherlock's mouth. "Was there anything else we could do for you?"
It was around that time that John realised that Sherlock's own eyes had grown darker, pupils dilating.
"I've never seen a tiger changeling before," Lestrade commented. "You lot keep to yourselves. Should have guessed, really."
And, oh, the promise in these words, in his eyes. John became acutely aware that they hadn’t kissed yet and that he desperately wanted them to. But this was for Sherlock to decide and it was for him to take the first step, whenever he felt ready.
She pulls out the next pictures. "This is you leaving the shop and walking down the street. This is you an hour later, coming back. Same bag. Looks like you're trying to store something away in there. And what is that? I had our technicians try to clean the image a little, dial up the contrast, that sort of thing. It sure looks like you've got a rifle in this bag to me. What do you think, Miss Morstan?"
They had spent their second Christmas in Norfolk, wading through seven inches of snow as they investigated a vicious triple homicide. By the time Sherlock had picked the Father Christmas responsible for the bloody mess out of a police line-up of shopping mall Santas, they had managed to miss Christmas dinner and Boxing Day, had gotten their socks thoroughly drenched in ice water, and had subsequently spent the rest of the year nursing a cold.
He shoved a print-out of the picture in the older man's hands. "My number is on the back. You know how to find me."
He got used to Sherlock's hand leaving his neck in favour of reaching for the popcorn and contended himself with a happy calculation of all the calories they had gotten the detective to consume that day. If this continued, they might eventually steer Sherlock towards something akin to normal eating habits.
"Molly," Sherlock greeted the young woman. He gave no sign that he was in any way aware of her obvious crush on him. "I need to have a look at the bodies that came in two days ago. Father and son, murdered shortly after one another."
“Keep them closed for now.” He grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s curls and held him still, pulling his foreskin back and rubbing the wet slit across Sherlock’s pretty pink mouth. He let the smaller man give him little kitten licks every once in a while, the taste making his head swim.
“Fucking hell.” John groaned, squeezing the base of his cock and let Sherlock glimpse the ooze of pre drip down his cock head and make its way down the shaft. Sherlock watched helplessly, mouth hanging open slightly.
“What’s up?” he asked. Sherlock traced his bottom lip with the tip of his finger, watching John try and fail not to stare at his mouth. He bit his lip, John mirrored his action slightly, eyes flicking back to Sherlock’s to check if he’d been caught, but Sherlock looked away, sighing.
ly reason people didn’t harass me more than they did, was because I was his younger brother.” His lip curled. He and John were quiet for a few moments, before the smaller boy sighed.
The next day, after several amazing deductions and another fabulous chase through the city, they caught the 55 year old canibal. He had tried to skip town, but had stupidly used his credit card to buy a train ticket, they arrested him at the station. But neither John, nor Sherlock, had any information on the man with the neck tattoo. Sherlock would never tell John, let alone Lestrade, where he knew the man from, and it wasn’t like he even spoke to the man, outside of being invited to join their sexual activity. Sherlock had ran through the scene several times, but it was difficult to focus on specific details of the man, when he was constantly distracted by John. Not to mention, his main focus had been on John at the time, and while he’s normally able to record things to analyze later, the arousal during the moment had tinged the memory. It was like someone had burned away at the edges of a photograph, just enough to distort the images anywhere but the focal point, which was of course, John. And almost every single time he would try to analyze the memory, he would end up becoming aroused, and he would have to take care of it before it became a problem, which it would, if left unattended to.
“His name is John, Myrial, and he’s my best friend.” He spoke boldly, staring directly at his mother, almost daring her to challenge him. Her smile tightened and she gripped her knife a bit tighter. Myrial squinted at John and adjusted her glasses on her nose.
but lay there and despair in utter silence, unable to articulate. "Many people get depressed when they pass a major milestone in their lives," Sherlock went on awkwardly. "It's very common...so…don't…feel bad. Nonetheless..."
child, after all.” He tossed the pillow aside and rocked up into a sitting position, jumped up front he couch and sauntered across the sitting room.  He was feeling so good, he thought he might even procure his
He steepled his hands and pressed his lips to his own fingers. "I wonder if that's how John feels when he looks at me, the same way I felt when I first saw Jim. I wonder if I make him sick. I wonder if I embarrass him." Sherlock was quiet a moment. Reflecting. Then his lips trembled. He dropped his hands back down on the table, seizing his coffee cup and resuming dissecting what he could without totally unraveling the cup.
As he shouldered his way through the crowd, Sherlock passed street vendors with newspaper headlines that decried global warming and the deaths of elderly citizens who lacked air conditioning, hospitals clogged with people suffering from heat exhaustion.
Sherlock turned around, his expression sagging and blank. He held his scrubbed-raw hands in front of himself, dripping water on the floor.
"You don't understand," John plead. "In the  beginning, I thought I was being sincere. I thought I was accepting. I  really looked at myself and I thought I was happy for Sherlock and I  could be the friend he needed. But I wasn't. I couldn't have been more  spiteful, more vicious. He depended on me." He looked miserably at  Lestrade. "I could march in there right now and promise Sherlock I'm  sorry and I want things to go back to the way they were and feel  completely honest. But I don't trust my own feelings. What if I turn on  him later? What if…it gets ugly again?"
John unexpectedly leaned into Sherlock’s arm and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, hooking an arm around Sherlock’s waist and giving a soft squeeze.
Find Lestrade instead. Find a case. A good, life-affirming murder to stir his thrill for living. Be functional. Be rational. Put all these ugly thoughts in the past and carry on. Invite Molly. Learn to smile for real.
, and put the garbage bags to the curb, human remains and all. He went to the wall that had been shot and spray painted with a smiley face and scrubbed the spray paint away, filled the holes with spackle. He went into Sherlock's bedroom and gathered his laundry into baskets and made his bed, opened up the curtains and the window and let fresh air in. He took most of Sherlock's clothes to the dry cleaner and paid for them. When he came home, he a post-it note on Sherlock's bedroom door explaining his where his clothes had gone. Then he went into the sitting room and worked his key off his keychain and left it on the coffee table. He walked out off 221b, closing the door and locking it behind him.
That got a visible reaction. Sherlock did the rapid double blink he did when he was caught by surprise or filing away unexpected data and John thought he could see something like trepidation in his gaze.
He wanted to learn his lips, wanted to spend hours worshipping each arch of his cupids bow and lose days in the warm wetness of Sherlock's mouth. He wanted to taste him until he forgot all other tastes, until he could carry Sherlock on his tongue wherever he went. He never wanted to go anywhere again if Sherlock didn't come with him.
"I switched it off," Sherlock murmured. "I was scared someone would send me pictures of the wedding. Or a video."
"So I am," Sherlock confirmed. "My name is Sherlock Holmes. I'm a consulting detective with Scotland Yard. I work on the case of your lost packmates, though that is not why I am here today. Not directly, at least."
"I'm not moving from here," Sherlock informed him. "I don't care who it is, they can damn well talk to me while I'm lying down."
Sherlock hated her with a burning passion. He hated her with every fibre of his being and it felt so good to finally allow himself to do so, to have a legitimate reason to resent her beyond the mind-blowing jealousy he had been faced with before. At least now he was justified in his loathing. At least now he was allowed to be glad to his very bones that she was dead and gone.
His hand twitched and he had to force himself to keep still, to keep from reaching out and touching Sherlock's face.
Lestrade blinked, taking in Sherlock's expression. He looked ... lost. Lost and sad, which was the most vulnerable Lestrade had ever seen him. Even high as a kite or suffering through withdrawal he had still remained fiercely stubborn and contrary. There was nothing of that left in him now.
"Quite likely," Sherlock agreed. "The killer can't be a changeling or a human. The brain damage the victims showed was too distinctive to have been caused by anything but a mental attack. Neither humans nor changelings have the necessary skill sets to invade someone else's mind. It must have been a Psy. And they must have broken Silence at least in some capacity. No truly Silent Psy would ever write a message like this. It wouldn't even occur to them - to us. The notion of games being something that is done for a person's enjoyment is entirely foreign to us. And Psy do not usually taunt their opponents like this. We keep our cards close to our chest until it is time to strike. We don't tell someone they have made an enemy of us until the very moment we destroy them."
But instead of merely going along with him, John had apparently decided to shake up the very foundation of their friendship. After years and years of hopeless waiting, when he had finally managed to accept that nothing was ever going to happen, John had decided to make a move.
The letter was many things - a thank you, half a dozen apologies, John admitting he had been a dick and an idiot. Mostly, it was John emphasising that Sherlock should delete the contents of that other letter, reiterating that it had never been meant for anyone to read, least of all him, that John had only needed an outlet for his hurt and that he had not actually meant any of it. There was also a list of things John thought (or had thought, once upon a time) Sherlock was. A list of compliments and adjectives that bore no negative associations or, if they did, held an affectionate tone even on the page. And, right at the end, a promise that he would find the real letter, the correct one, if he could, and make sure Sherlock got it.
Sherlock gave him a level look. “Well, I wasn’t going to leave anything up to chance, was I? So I invited him ‘round, after I had done some research. He’s been consistently cutting you fully or partially out of any pictures he has of Mary or of pictures of himself with the two of you. It wasn’t hard to deduce he might still have an interest in her. I didn’t realise it might have been mutual, though. I’m sorry.”
He didn't think for even a moment that Sherlock had been acting. The emotions in his voice were too raw and the way he had phrased certain things to avoid uttering a direct lie was too deliberate to make his speech anything but the truth.
John had noticed the weight loss. And Sherlock had flinched a good bit during their recent conversations, though it hadn't been particularly noisy. John frowned. "I haven't really spent much time with him. I'll... I'll keep an eye out. Thanks for the warning."
He looks at John then, really looks at him. Takes in his too-quick breath, the flutter of his pulse in his throat, his dark, heavy-lidded eyes and kiss-bruised mouth. John's hands are still holding on to Sherlock's hips and he doesn't seem inclined to let go anytime soon.
Sherlock frowned and returned to the files, reading them over and over, but clearly finding nothing useful.
He sighed. "John deserves better. I want him to have someone whom he can touch whenever he wants, who won't develop a brain haemorrhage from a simple hug."
"No," John said immediately. "This is in no way your fault, Sherlock. Absolutely not. And I won't have you try to convince either of us otherwise. This is entirely on me. From the very start, I told you I wasn't gay, as if any label mattered when it came to you and me. I kept pushing you away without even knowing how you felt and I never gave you a chance to tell me. And then, when I should have been grateful that you were still alive, when I should have been angry with Mary for jumping in front of a bullet, for getting all of us into this mess in the first place, I blamed you instead." He shook his head at himself. "As if you could have done anything to stop her. She clearly orchestrated the entire thing."
"Must we do this?" he asked, trying to buy some more time. Ambiguity was key. Ambiguity meant misunderstanding, meant incomprehension, meant deniability.
It was harder to see how a Psy could possibly get emotionally attached to anyone, let alone a changeling. Yes, John was a great guy but so were thousands of other people. And yet this Psy had looked at him and seen more. It was obvious to her that the emotional attachment went both ways. Scent aside, no one who was truly unfeeling would have come here to seek their help. The very idea was laughable.
Sherlock looked at the phone as if it had personally offended him. "I don't suppose you have a phone book nearby?"
They passed two hours in quiet conversation about everything and nothing, interspersed with companionable silence and John forcing Sherlock to have some of the tea. Not the mulled wine; they could save that for later.
They went out for dinner after the museum, to a small Vietnamese restaurant they had discovered during one of their cases and not been to in a while. The food was as delicious as John remembered and he was pleased to see Sherlock actually eat with every sign of enjoyment.
Sherlock hummed. "I certainly never met him, but I think that was one of the cases your husband was a primary suspect in."
"And that will be the police," Sherlock said, sidestepping Mrs Walczak to unlock the front door. "Sorry, did you think you had 20 minutes? I lied about their ETA."
It was at around this point that the borders to indecency crumbled into dust and Sherlock became aware of the two huge flaws in his idea.
John stared at him and licked his nose, his eyes fixed on the fork loaded with pasta bake and mince meat Sherlock had just been about to eat.
"Not about that," John sighed. And, when Sherlock's gaze snapped back to him, hastily added: "Well, not
And it was an improvement, there was no arguing about that. They now shared comfortable evenings at home and spent their nights on stake-outs and chasing criminals. They had brunch at their desks in the sitting room and shouted at the TV at night. They worked and talked and joked and rarely argued and all the tension and awkwardness that had been between them after Sherlock's return had slowly faded. He couldn't even pinpoint when precisely it had disappeared for good. Perhaps Mary's departure was related to that. John had severed all contact months ago and it had been as if a huge weight was lifted off Sherlock's chest, allowing him to breathe freely for the first time in years.
Sally snorts. "Yes, I saw you on the stairs yesterday evening. I don't think you even noticed I was there."
"Soon," John promised him. "But I think we've induced enough brain damage in you for one day. Perhaps tomorrow."
Once they had ended the call with a soft 'good luck' from Sasha and a 'I'm sure we'll talk again, soon' from her mate, Sherlock allowed John to drag him back home.
"That was quick," Lestrade commented, coming to greet them. "Got another Psy," he added. "This doesn't make any sense."
"You've been to India?" Eliza asked interestedly. "I've always wanted to go there. Did you get to see much of the country?"
Perhaps it was something in his tone. Perhaps it was his short answers - too short, clearly a sign of forcing himself not to add details. (
“Oh, shut up,” John laughed. “It doesn’t weigh several pounds, as opposed to that brick you were looking at.”
"Sh- William, where are you going?" John demanded, catching himself just in time before blurting out his name.
"In that case, our work for the moment is done. I will dispatch someone to organise the necessary equipment that comes with owning a dog, including a collar and dog tag. We wouldn't want anyone to mistakenly take John for a feral, ownerless dog and have him put down. Similarly, if he does get lost, he needs identification so he can be returned to your care."
Over her head, he could see John smiling at him and they shared a long look of perfect understanding. The joy he felt should by all means have been fatal.
Then again, Sally can't even remember what 'normal' is supposed to look like. There was either the absurd normality of Holmes being present or the even more absurd normality of Holmes being dead.
He didn't think twice about jumping head-first into a bonfire. After all, what danger does fire pose to a drowning man?
Sherlock watched him pull his jumper and vest over his head as he went, utterly unashamed. Of course he would be - any shyness his medical training hadn't eradicated would have been taken care of by his time in the military. That was as far as Sherlock's brain got him before his thought process was overwhelmed by the sight of John Watson's broad, muscular shoulders.
John smiled at the memory. It had been a good one. But coming home to 221b in the knowledge that he wasn’t going to leave again was even better.
He turned the head this way and that and stood. “I’d tell you to hand me your scarf but...” he gestured at Sherlock’s scarf- and coat-less attire in the sweltering heat.
No. To cause John such pain would be unforgiveable. But just because he felt that way didn't mean that other people in the same situation would agree. There was always someone who thought that removing the competition would make the object of their affection fall in love with them by default, as if sentiment was something that could be controlled so easily. If that were the case, Sherlock would have gotten rid of his long ago. Perhaps he would have given it all to Mary so she would love John the way he deserved to be loved.
Still, he only spared it a passing glance on his furious rush up the stairs and a moment later he burst into the sitting room, where Sherlock, who had been standing on the sofa, pinning papers to the wall, took one look at him, lost his footing and promptly toppled backwards. He managed to catch himself before he could smash his head on the coffee table, but it was a near miss and John instinctively twitched forward to catch him, as he would have done three years ago.
The first thing John became aware of was the stench. That, and the noise. They assaulted his nose and ears mercilessly and he groaned, wincing at how weird it sounded. More like a whine, somehow. But god, the stench. Someone had definitely overdone it with the disinfectant. It burned all the way from his nose down into his lungs with every breath he took. How did other people stand that?
The next day finds Sally back at Baker Street around noon, just in time to help Mrs Hudson with her roast. The landlady has gone all out with the Christmas dinner.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to Lestrade. "Perhaps we can hail a cab to the Yard so I can take a look immediately."
John shook his head, resisting the urge to just tell him. He couldn't do that. The moment he spoke the words out loud, their entire relationship (whatever the hell it was) would be irrevocably altered and there was a strong chance - a very strong one - that Sherlock would tell him it didn't mean anything and he was sorry and that was the exact thing John did not want to ever hear him say.
"No," he rasped, voice rusty from not having spoken in ... how long? It felt like several days at least. He swallowed, once, twice, until the words came. "Don't leave me alone."
And when John had finally asked the question Sherlock had been waiting for, he had answered honestly. But the follow-up questions he had hoped for had never come and instead John had walked away from him once again. He hadn't seen him since.
Here, the scent was much stronger, not just in a way that suggested a fresher trail but in a deep, integral way that said whatever had caused it had been in the flat for long and frequent intervals.
He glanced at his alarm. The glowing numbers proclaimed it was already gone two in the morning. He hadn't slept a wink. Great.
It was an odd sensation, wearing the uniform again. He smiled when he noticed the captain's epaulettes on them. At least Mycroft knew better than to give him anything other than his correct rank. Captains were not questioned. Captains went where they pleased and ordinary soldiers saluted them and were glad to see them walk past without stopping to give them orders or do a spot inspection.
If this was supposed to reassure him, it missed the mark. John was in no state to be interviewed. The last time Sherlock had seen him, thirty-eight minutes ago, John had barely been aware of where he was, let alone people talking to him. The idea of him answering questions seemed preposterous.
Sherlock blinked. John continued to smile. Sherlock blinked again, opened his mouth a little further as if to say something, then closed it again. There was something painfully vulnerable in his face. His expression shifted from half-asleep to stricken to something else entirely, something soft and achingly tender.
He washed his hair and body with quick, perfunctory movements, not allowing his hands to linger on any part for longer than necessary. He turned off the water, stepped out of the shower and made sure not to look at himself in the mirror as he toweled himself dry. There was nothing worth seeing.
He is in treacherous waters now. He can never tell how far it is to the shore or how deep the water goes. He watches as the shipwreck of John's life goes up in flames and sinks beneath the surface, leaving nothing but debris in its wake, and wonders what kind of monsters it might disturb at the bottom of the ocean.
While Mr Hendriksen busied himself with the electric kettle on one of the hip-high filing cabinets, Sherlock took a seat on a chair that looked as though it had been chisseled out of a single piece of wood by a blind rheumatic carpenter.
Luckily, she took pity on him. “You already said it yourself - it’s too soon,” she told him gently. “The woman he was supposed to marry hasn’t been dead a full week. And even if it has now turned out that she was evil and a general nightmare and he basically had a lucky escape, that doesn’t mean he can just ... jump into this thing with you so soon after she died. Leaving aside the question of whether or not he wants to, there’s still a lot to think about. Anyone who doesn’t know the full story would condemn him and you both, people would speculate that either one or both of you killed her to get her out of the way, the police would ask uncomfortable questions all over again and let’s not even think about what the press would do.”
"He has always admired your talents and I frequently saw him reading your website and your companion's blog," Mr James said. "When I heard he had been found in Regent's Park, it seemed the only logical conclusion."
Now that, John decided, was definitely dismissive. He bared his teeth at the man, just a little, and gave a low growl.
Sherlock swallowed hard, staring down at the envelope. It seemed to take an unnaturally long time to reach out and take it, to open the flap (glued shut a long time ago, the glue was already disintegrating) and pull out the folded sheets of paper inside. Several of them, filled with John's familiar handwriting. A bit shaky, yes, but remarkably clear for someone who had been drunk, who had written this along with the other letter Sherlock had gotten from him - the rage of a drunk, grieving man. There was no sign of that rage here.
He frowned. Where was John? Was he all right? How did he feel today, now that yesterday’s events had had some time to sink in?
Clearly something was wrong with Sherlock. In all the months since his return, he had not allowed anyone to see him even partially undressed, as far as John was aware. Apparently, their earlier argument had shaken him enough to momentarily forget about this new, self-imposed rule. And now John knew why such behaviour had been necessary in the first place.
It was very nearly an embrace, this heavy weight slung across his torso. Perhaps it was the fact that John had done it unconsciously, in his sleep. Sherlock carefully reached up to his face and touched the skin around his nose and ears. When he pulled it away, his fingers were clean. No blood. He didn't have a headache either, which was always a reliable warning sign. For some reason, the dissonance hadn't caught on to this.
"Yes. It's my mother's birthday next month and she's throwing a big to-do for the occasion. Not my usual forte, as you well know." He grimaced. "All these family members one wishes to avoid thrown into the same room is nothing short of torture."
But a warm hand reached out and grasped his wrist. Another unsolicited touch. Sherlock had never before been the one to reach out to him like this. It sent a thrill down John's spine.
Sherlock nodded, thoughts racing as he tried to find an angle that would count as a reasonable justification for engaging in touch. "Yes. I wonder if it is possible to build up a resistance."
His only blessing so far was that Mycroft had not tried to interfere - or if he had, it had been done so subtly that Sherlock had taken no notice of it, which came down to the same thing.
Speaking of ... a speck of red drew his eye and there was John, emerging from the trees in a weird and oddly amusing half-run, half-hobble. Ears pricked, tail wagging, his ginger coat shining in the early morning light, he looked like the very picture of a happy dog.
"You were suffering," Sherlock said simply, and when John opened his mouth to protest, he added: "And so was I."
"Yeah, ok, I was." He shrugged and spread his arms. "And now look at me. I've got you right where I wanted you - the great Sherlock Holmes, at my mercy." He nodded towards him. "You can stop the pretence, by the way. Those were never meant to hold you for long."
"Liar," Sherlock drawled. "You wanted to know if you could do it, how long it would take, if it would work on anyone. And when you realised how difficult it was, you got worried your powers were failing you. So you tried it on some Psy and then came up with the delightful method of weakening the changelings first. We never did find those first victims but there are millions of hiding places in this city."
Actually, he hadn't, but obviously that was what he had meant by saying that it wouldn't happen again. John rolled his eyes at him and picked up the second bowl to give to him as well.
An hour later they returned home, John panting and Sherlock wondering how far scientists had come in the development of robotic limbs. He thought he might like to invest in an arm to throw tennis balls.
The car is quiet - there's no music playing and the driver isn't the chatty sort, but mostly it's due to the engine propelling them through the city almost noiselessly. She doesn't bother watching the city go past - they clearly don't care if she knows where she is being taken, so she could just ask if she wanted to.
Sometimes, he thought, John was not only incredibly perceptive but also impressively solution-oriented.
He was exaggerating the care and concentration this exercise took. It would look more impressive if it appeared like a difficult feat. In truth, it took him barely any focus - or power - at all to lower the squirming cub right into his mother's waiting arms.
Sally knows she has to tread carefully here. She can't say too much, even though the answer is plain as day to everyone but John.
Sherlock tried for levity but failed. He could hear his own voice crack. "Turns out the S-Serbians don't like it when you infiltrate their criminal organisations."
For a minute or two, Sherlock worked in silence and John basked in their closeness and the relaxing sensation of the brush on his back.
"Like how I'm going to get you upstairs and into bed without running into anyone else on the way. They'll all be about ready to leave the dining room by now, I suppose."
It had been years since he had spent this much time with a dog but he had never forgotten what it felt like. Companionship. Trust. The knowledge that this one creature adored him just the way he was, that this one being would always be happy to see him no matter what. He had missed it immensely and having John, of all people, turn into a dog was both horrifying and also oddly pleasant. Sherlock
"What are you good for, then? This person did not dispose of dangerous glass shards in the bin but rather on a footpath in Regent's Park. Which is why I had to take Johnny to the vet this morning."
"Perhaps he just surprised the thief, they got into a fight and he was killed by accident?" John suggested, even though he had read the report and knew that it was unlikely the young man had been stabbed with a huge kitchen knife by accident. Once, perhaps, but not seven times.
She tries to imagine what it must be like, having a younger brother who is a known former drug addict, who spends his time running after murderers and other assorted criminals, who has previously attracted the attention of a twisted mind like Moriarty's, who had to fake his own death and do god-knows-what all over the world.
It was fine, as far as John was concerned. He wasn't putting too much weight on it and ignored what little pain he felt from the injury. Part of him wondered if perhaps dogs simply healed faster or if it was due to his having been turned into one, but most of him was focused on getting outside and finding a convenient tree.
He had felt guilty, in between all the horror and - worse - the relief. Because he had been relieved and he knew it was irrational to think his personal wishes had anything to do with what happened, but some things defied all logic.
Sherlock nodded. "I might as well. I don't think it will help much, but we shouldn't leave anything uncovered."
"I can barely feel my toes anymore," John muttered, shifting uneasily. "Do you really want to stay here for another six hours?"
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s massive, so we can spend a lot of time there, and has fantastic air conditioning, so we won’t melt while we’re there. I need some new shirts and I’m sure we could spruce up your closet a bit, too. You have hardly any clothing suitable for this weather that isn’t painfully old.”
"Good evening, Mrs Hudson," Mycroft said in what he probably thought was a pleasant tone of voice. "I'm returning your tenants to you. My brother will require rest and I believe John will be happiest if they were left entirely to themselves for a while."
Before he knew it, his shift had ended and he had taken the tube to Baker Street. He unlocked the door with his old spare key on autopilot and only blinked himself back into conscious thought as he stepped through the door of the flat.
Sherlock shook his head. "She should not let her personal opinions cloud her professional judgement."
His tone makes it clear that he considers the matter closed and Sally doesn't protest. What else is there to say, after all? She got her closure when they exonerated him.
First, there was the telekinesis. If Sherlock wanted something, he made it float towards him. Case notes, bags of evidence, his mobile phone, John's datapad, it didn't matter. If Sherlock wanted it, he got it. At one point, John had personally watched him latch on to a fleeing criminal mid-jump and reel him back towards them as if dragged on an invisible line. It was difficult to say who had been more horrified - the criminal or the members of Scotland Yard who had been around to witness the display of power.
“It took us 15.3 seconds from the moment we heard the first scream until we arrived in the room on the other side of the church. We are fast runners.”
He stalked towards them, grabbed John by the hand and turned him around before taking his face in his hands and kissing him right there in the middle of the pack's community area. He kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, until they were both breathless and he could barely hear anything over the roaring in his ears.
John sighed and leaned a little further across the table to avoid being overheard. "What do you want to ask the other guests? Do you have a plan or do we go in and improvise?"
"Got a case for you," Lestrade's voice came over the line, bringing home again how much John's hearing had improved. "It's right around the corner from Baker Street. I would've come to get you myself but I can't leave right now."
"I don't expect we'll be leaving the room since dinner isn't for a while yet," John pointed out. "I'm not going to keep them on all day."
He approached the body cautiously, but the dog - John - did not move. He was breathing, though, which laid at least some of Sherlock's worries to rest. Curiously, he picked up one of the front paws, examining it and the corresponding leg. "Just as I suspected, there's a cut. He's bleeding. Get me some bandages." The last sentence was barked at one of the lab assistants who scrambled to get the first aid kit.
