"He didn't make it?" John asked quietly.
More of their troop fell to the poison smoke and threw their arms over their faces. The first coughed so heavily that they sank to the ground. They needed to get out of there! John ran to lead the way until they arrived around the fountain at Piccadilly Circus.
. But sometimes he just needs to call him,
"What exactly did you like?"
But the shots died quickly. The city took back the silence and the howling of the wind. It wasn't right. The feeling crept up and under John's skin. Something wasn't right at all.
And that also drew Sherlock Holmes' attention. "Yes, how do you know each other?"
“So ‘posh boy’,” Sherlock says after a while, “is actually about…?”
Sherlock made a waving gesture of his hand. "Not like I'd make use of my bedroom anyway."
"He is the head of it. He did this to me."
He had not decided yet. All he knew was that, after this first morning shift at the clinic, he was already exhausted and irritated. The thought of taking a cab to go to The Prof now, repeating basically the same procedure of checking, sterilizing, patching up, but with more of the running up and down the halls, listening to girls snapping at each other and possibly seeing Irene Adler again, already had him on edge. But needs must when the devil drives – and in this case, the devil seemed to be John's new employer. Which brought him to his third job for the day: Finding out about the murders around the City of London.
Her eyes met Sherlock's again, and he swallowed. John resisted the urge to reach out and soothe him with a touch.
"Yes, it's still a secret!"
"What?"
“John.”
, watching Sherlock listen to music was a sight not quite from this world. It transformed him, melted the mask he still put on too often and revealed his gently smiling face and his languid, dreamy eyes, and John would give anything to see him again so enwrapped in the music, watching the energy of it filling him up.
He pulled the chair back and motioned for John to sit down in front of the microscope. Sherlock leaned down and adjusted the tube for him to be at a comfortable height. John hesitated for only a few seconds and then wrapped his fingers around it and bent forward. He closed one eye for the other one to focus on what was to be observed.
now. Now and finally and for the rest of their lives.
Sherlock moved his fingers again as if nothing had ever happened. "Of course she would be. The woman is smart. She can sense when something is off."
Sherlock’s lips were real enough for him to forget the rest of the world. Even the war.
“Who was it that told you this outrageous lie, John?”
Spoiler Altert: There will be dancing. I was very excited.
"No," John whispers, and Sherlock flinches ever so slightly.
, so to say. John Watson. And are you … Inspector Graham Lestrade?"
Like the time of letting go has come.
a soul? "So you've still got your brain then?"
"Yes. Did you not hear him?"
He was giving them directions as they rode past the empty buildings, past the fires in the streets, the pools of blood and the injured groaning in pain. The main streets were dark and just as dead as the unlit lamps. No cabs driving, no passenger crossing. A sleeping city on its death bed. But at least there was the last illusion of peace. When he wasn't giving directions, he was only talking to Molly.
"Where's Lestrade?"
"What do you mean?"
"You tell me where you wanna go," his cranky voice told him through a set of yellow teeth, "I tell you when we arrive."
"But wait, wait," Anderson interfered. "You don't think we are a little quick to make assumptions here? What- what is it you always say? Before you have all the facts, you don't... don't make assumptions, right? It could just be that he wants to celebrate his birthday, for all we know!"
"Where are they?"
"Dr Watson," Irene addressed him and he looked up, "You may call yourself lucky that she kept you alive. Truly, I'd go as far as to call it miraculous you are still with us."
"I didn't know you believed what people print in the news," he said, suppressing a yawn.
"Out." Sherlock's tone did not leave room to objection, and yet Anderson tried to open his mouth.
John had to hope it was only the painting they were talking about (but a small part of him wished if wasn’t).
as well, and he could only hope that whatever was going to happen to all of them nothing would happen to this woman. Then remembered that she had to also live at Baker Street and that made the smile on his face vanish at once. Sherlock wanted him to meet him at his flat when both of them were ready and if Mrs Hudson was going home as well, she would certainly become very suspicious. No, they could not leave together.
“Sh-Sherlock,” he thought he was uttering under his breath but he could not be sure if it was him, if this was real.
"Yes, that's what I was trying to show you, Sherlock."
He motioned to help her get up but she appeared to manage quite well she walked a few metres, then turned around again. "Don't be too bored without me."
. They cuddled for what seemed like hours, and Sherlock found out he has a constant and unsatiable need for touching John and being touched by him. None of them really minds.
The cigar fell to the ground unlit, and Lestrade shook his hand as if he had burned himself. The whiff of air blew out the match, and the dark office was cast in even more shadows, the biggest light source now being the suddenly open door. There was a silhouette standing against the light, his hair wild, his collar turned up.
"Yes, Holmes. Where were you that you can know all this?"
With this, Mycroft patted his hand and rose from the chair. Sherlock looked after him as he left the room. Suddenly, it was colder. He could not feel it, but he knew.
, his thumb circles the sensitive ring of nerve bundles and
"I've got you, love," he whispered to Sherlock. Together they entered the chambers beneath the gravestone of Victor Trevor.
he wasn't dreaming or going completely mad. But that tiny bit has been enough to make him cling to it for more, more,
"So that's what this is about? Always the manipulating-"
John twisted her arm lightly and sterilized the other side of the wound. He could feel her muscles twitch at the sting, but it did not show on her face in the slightest. That was when he decided to simply ask right away.
Sherlock waved a hand in his direction. "Ah, a lot of brainwork. It would bore you."
But then he still has the evidence of their time together, throbbing with renewed interest between his legs at the memory that is playing in Sherlock's head. He will have to take care of that, eventually. It won't simply go away at this state. Usually he would be annoyed now, regarding this kind of activity as tedious and thinking less of himself for having to give in to his transport. But today everything else seems to be the complete opposite from the life he thought he was living.
He shot. The bullet disappeared into the skull, and the misshapen Irene Adler collapsed in a heap like a hot-air balloon with no air. John could finally move again, yet his limbs felt like they did not belong to him anymore. He could barely so much as stand up from his chair as Sherlock stepped over the corpse that was lying there like a fallen circus tent.
Sherlock's heart starts pounding faster at this. For God's sake, that organ is supposed to keep him alive, not to kill him by increasing his blood pressure. Stupid. But John is as far from a great help with this as it gets. The bloody doctor.
Just a sleeping beauty. He couldn't see his heart glowing in his chest anymore. He pulled the wires from his skin – skin, real skin! – and held him until they were both on the floor. Sherlock did not make a move. There was no soul in him.
"Is this what real people do?" Sherlock asked gently. They both weren't quite serious in this conversation. It felt fantastic.
"Dr John Watson. You must be Ms Morstan's employer."
“Why do you call me a posh… boy?”
"How? How would you know?"
There was another thing that his mind had grasped only now. "Wait, what did you say?" A brain
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise. "Ngh, for God's sake, I need- John, your cock. Please, I need to feel it. I need to know how huge and heavy it feels, I need your balls against my arse as I scream out your name, and please, I need to hear what you sound like when you come undone."
There was a rather modern looking reception desk, unoccupied and he walked past a framed painting of some waterfall. He was dragged out of his thoughts when Mary started speaking again. He had almost forgotten her, however odd that was, for he was carrying half of her weight.
"Ah, no worries, doc, 's just cocaine."
"You said 'later'," he explained in quiet tones, handling everything that was said on this table like a precious secret between them.
"Possibly because I-" he caught himself there, looking out of the window and clearing his throat. His next words came out in a murmur. "I was afraid. When everything you thought you knew before can be questioned all of a sudden the world can feel... dangerous. Even more so than it used to."
"Yup."
He is surprised about the outcome of his own voice - so astonished, so innocent. Like a child witnessing the first snowfall of winter.
She simply smiled at him, then turned her back like this conversation wasn't one worth having with him. John knew he had liked Jane a lot in the beginning, but he began to think this wouldn't be the case with Janine now. Not that the way she acted around Sherlock had anything to do with that (is what he told himself).
Sherlock tries to keep him from apologising. "No. No." But yes. This. This here is wrong. Why now? Why him? Why does John pretend he would know what is going on? Why does he take his fragile little heart in his hands if he doesn't plan to keep on holding it upright? He cannot take another fall.
He adjusted the standing collar of his white shirt to hide the reddening skin, tilted his head to the left and to the right and rolled his shoulders. Taking it all and moving on. Into whatever mad idea the next lunatic would have in mind for him.
“I’m not the one who wants everything to be clever, Sherlock!”
"...since she is not only police but is also fighting crime in ways that are less official-"
"Of course. Are you going to arrest us now?"
He hears a moan coming from the back of his throat that sounds more like a grunt. Sherlock’s lips wrap around the head of his cock until his tongue starts circling the slit, and he grunts again, louder. His panting grows shallow, grows animal-like and helpless. His every thought narrows down to this. To sex, to the single wanton need that pheromones and chemistry in his brain reduce him to. He needs Sherlock to swallow him down, swallow all he has to offer, mark him,
"How come you are working for Sherlock's brother?"
"He must have a traitor on his side as well!" Donovan concluded.
. Let alone something that could make the conscious decision to move to where it was needed most. (Was that not what Sherlock was trying to say?)
"What happens now?" Sally Donovan stepped into their circle and asked the question that was going through everyone's head.
First of all, why
John let out an affectionate huff and set foot to follow. He was wondering if Sherlock had simply forgotten that John had offered for him to use his name or if he actually liked calling him
"We will regret this in the morning."
"Samuel Higgins, eh?"
Steps and voices were following, one of them the loudest and most irritated, echoing stone walls. Yes, it was Anderson's.
“Care to pass me my phone?”
"You know, Watson..." Sholto took a deep breath. "When word reached me that you had indeed survived, I was filled with great relief. I knew you would be taken out of duty, and I was glad for it."
His glass was empty by the time their conversation came to an end. It had gotten louder around them, and he figured that Mike would want to go home soon. He had to have a family to take care of, hadn't he? Considering their time to be up and the stories of old times to have ended, John was more than just surprised when Mike was asking him another question.
He stood up to greet her properly, and she put her arms on his shoulders, leading him to believe she was going in for a hug. Instead, she was inspecting his face with the eyes of a worried mother.
"Why? You're the crow, John. It makes the most sense!"
. Not since he has stopped taking drugs. (The times he got high before John’s final divorce don’t count as breaks. They were helpless anchors in a roaring storm, only causing his ship to go down eventually.) Every time they kiss, his whole world just stops and he can feel nothing else but John anymore. Nothing else matters. It’s a blessing. He always thought that the work was what mattered most in his life - but it was just the distraction for his loneliness, a replacement for the drugs. No. What really matters is…
John bites the insides of his mouth because his whole skin feels hot with disbelief and wonder and hope,
Sherlock cracked a sad smile, and for a second he saw James Sholto. "Threatening the patient, Doctor? I don't think that's fair."
Molly said nothing.
When he watches Sherlock complaining about dinner with people, watches him stating how all those people hate him, he smiles. Watches Sherlock ramble a little about how thinking up an excuse was worse than no excuse at all (
John thought for a while. "One of them is some sort of a sea-god, right?"
"God, Sherlock."
"Who was that?"
"First of all," he walked around his desk, on which notes and letters were already piling up, and poured himself a cup of coffee, "my name is not Graham. It's
"How... how do you know about-" he whispered, partially to himself, but the man heard him anyway. Not only his mind was sharp, not only his eyes and ears, but also his arrogance, as it seemed, for he gave a smug smile at this.
John. Sitting on his lap. Kissing him. Sherlock suddenly growls loudly into his mouth, and John responds with a deep, content sigh as he lets their lips slide against each other and sends tingles down Sherlock's body, downwards, downwards, before he playfully captures his bottom lip between his teeth and Sherlock is utterly done with. He does not quite get John's preference for his bottom lip, but he honestly couldn't care less, so he involuntarily moans again and his tongue slips into John's mouth as though it was meant to be there.
John frowned and made sense of that. " … The latter."
He takes the phone out of Sherlock’s breast pocket and holds it out for him. But instead of taking it and paying no more attention to him, Sherlock is suddenly staring at him like his face was on fire. John frowns at him. Sherlock, in turn, raises one brow.
,” he whimpers, already defeated and ready to give him anything.
Lord Angelo suddenly clapped Sherlock on the shoulder, smiling ever so brightly. "This man is a saint, my friend! Got me off a murder charge."
"You're staring!"
Sherlock's eyes flickered back at him. He looked thoughtful, the cold mask cracking right here in front of him. "I envy you."
The sunset was near and the sky burned with the giant fireball on the horizon tinting the clouds their ship was flying through. Sherlock's backside was the one dark spot in the room. His hands were pulling on his curls where he sat at the round table of the conference room with the many window panes they had stood in just yesterday night, and he briefly wondered if he had moved at all since then. Mycroft looked around the room and found a pipe, probably thrown into the corner, and he bent down to pick it up.
Sherlock looked slightly embarrassed, but nodded anyway. John would've laughed, almost, because there should be no way for him to be more impressed by Sherlock, but that story gave him a badly needed reassurance of his good heart (and why it was still worth being found).
"Doctor, do calm down," Sherlock said and grabbed him by the shoulders again. "I told you, remember? The Woman cannot be killed through something as simple as a bullet to the head. It took me six days alone to conclude which chemicals I'd have to put together to mix the potion that would at least so much as cauterise her skin!"
"I hear you."
Confusion draws itself all over Sherlock's sleepy, pale face, right from the gap between the incredible pair of lips to the line just above his nose. John is standing next to his bed - why the hell would he? - smiling down on him softly. Apart from the fact that Sherlock is tangled in nothing but a white bed sheet (déjà vu of some sorts), John himself is naked, covered only by a towel around his hips - low, very low. Sherlock knows his mouth is watering as the world appears to stop for the exact amount of time it takes him to run his sharp, but today less focused, eyes all the way down John's body.
… The end of him ought not be tragic. I know that for a long time the end of me was going to be exactly that. Before I found … " His eyes flickered over to John again, for the briefest of seconds, " … peace. I chose the side of the angels because I was lucky enough to be given the choice. Not all of us are." His hand found John's under the table and John gladly intertwined their fingers. He knew this had to have been hard for him. He was very proud.
There is a higher probability regarding the latter. But Sherlock has a mindpalace. It should be a lot more difficult to have the control over his own thoughts and memories taken away from him.
“John. What is it this man does to you?”
“Sorry. I just mean… with his ex-
By the time the door has closed, Sherlock is sitting on the edge of the kitchen chair. Absolutely devastated. He couldn't possibly count as clothed anymore, the dressing gown open and half slipped off his shoulder, hair utterly ruffled, the skin between his legs still throbbing and demanding attention, face in his hands and his head feels simply fucked with.
"He's a cyborg," the General realised.
But it's not enough, Sherlock would have to snap in two for John to hit the spot like this, despite him going back and forth, and back and forth, and faster,
The one snapping was redheaded with a long nose and pink lips. The girl that was being accused of incompetence had hair as black as a raven, and her fringe fell over her forehead in a row of corkscrew curls.
s and long groans escaping his mouth.
He stopped. Slowly sank to his knees. A rustle. John tilted his head in confusion, not yet allowing himself to smile at the triumph.
"John," Sherlock whispered. His eyes were so very hard to read, but he still held them with his own.
"Oh, what's this stray boy doing here again?" Lestrade asked, clearly very tired of everything.
"You won't go home tonight."
Sherlock shakes his head, huffing a laugh and looking away.
The room was filled with the rumbling baritone, warming him up like the taste of hot tea with a splash of milk. "Flesh and bone do not define me. It is the thoughts, the memories, the
"I trust you," he told the broken necklace. Then he hit it hard. Hit it hard. Hit it with all remaining strength. And finally, there it was. A crack in the glass. It stretched out and doubled and tripled, like a spider sprawling out infinite legs. The water did the rest. It pressed through the cracks and pushed against the dam until it broke. John's arms flew up to protect his face from the glass, but he was soaked and his arms hurt and he was tired. So tired. Feeling caught in a never-ending dream.
There was a pause before he looked at him again, his gaze calculating and hard to read. "...You know him."
"What did you talk about?"
His hands search the bed absentmindedly and eventually grasp a large piece of cotton that turns out to be one of John's striped jumpers. But Sherlock doesn't know that yet. His subconscious probably knows, but it wouldn't dare telling him now. It's too distracted by the sensation of the soft piece of clothing Sherlock is currently burying his face in, and too fascinated by the effects the feeling has on him.
Sherlock let out the long sigh that John had inhaled before. He looked out of the window for a moment. "You said there were things I haven't told you. I suppose this is one of them."
It was not as bad as John had presumed. In the end, they did, in fact, mostly talk about the conditions of his employment, what could be asked of both parties and what could not. Now that John actually knew what it meant for him to work here and what he was expected to do, he noticed he was a bit … not disappointed, that would be ludicrous. It was just that, since he had heard of Moriarty being this criminal mastermind, he had expected slightly different conditions for the work that was to be done. To keep quiet, for example. Or perhaps a tolerance for corpses and their disposal and not asking questions. But no, nothing.
John tried his best at keeping his eyes open as the life was drained out of him. The last thing he saw would be this pair of steel-blue eyes, wishing it were Sherlock's. They reminded him a lot of Mary's even, another person he wouldn't prefer come to mind in this moment, and he realised he had drawn the same parallel on the accents. Their smiles were equally distrustful, and they appeared to be sharing the same faint scar on their cheek …
"Come now, Sherlock." John helped him walk as Sherlock let himself fall into him. "We're almost there."
"Humiliation?" Sherlock asked.
"Now, here comes the interesting part," Sherlock announced, and his hand moved to his face.
would he know?
His sour look met the door and probably whatever lay behind it.
Large, cold fingers closed around John's. Sherlock squeezed his hand almost painfully tight, and he heard himself gasp. Sherlock gave him no chance to think. With one last gaze over his shoulder, he turned to the window.
Anderson knew that Lestrade would defend Sherlock Holmes if he thought it appropriate. Which, as he saw it, was most of the time. In other words, since they had started working together, Sherlock still so much more broken and juvenile back then, Lestrade unconsciously found himself in a position of responsibility for that whirlwind of a man. To everyone's general irritation.
Hours later, close to the end of his shift, he was walking down the small hallway behind the stage, doctor's kit in hand, just about to turn around the corner and enter the main hall. But he stopped in his tracks. There was something off. His instincts told him so before he could even think it. He felt watched, suddenly, and swore he could hear the breath of whispers from somewhere in the darkness of the narrow hallway, yet close to him. As close as thoughts, as if he was just thinking to himself. But then someone got into his head and thought with him in a language he didn't understand. He knew he was a paranoid person. He
"Oh, Sherlock," he says gently, and a second later two warm hands are cupping his face. "She didn’t say no to you. She said no to me leaving in the middle of a fight. Pretty damn smart, that girl."
Janine Hawkins was smiling at them from across the room. Right next to Mrs Hudson. But this time Sherlock did not seem happy to see either of them.
"He stole my heart. He took my life," he continued, and he would never admit this, but his voice broke for only a second. "I was the first, but I will, by no means, be the last. This is why I have to solve this case. Will you help me, Doctor?" He looked close to desperate.
They held each other's gazes in support of all the chaos found in the world around them.
"Sorry?"
John pressed the heavy sword into the arms of a very confused guard and caught up with them. They reached the Thames and James took a look over his shoulder.
That, however, earned Sherlock a snort. They had reached the other side of the street and were  approaching a huge building. It was a museum, or so it read on the front, and its design summed up the nostalgia of old Greek architecture in its sand coloured stone façade and its large pillars and statues on the roof. John began to wonder what they could possibly be doing here.
"Well, yes, of course. At least this explains how you could read me like a book."
"What did you see in there?" The detective asked, already expecting to know the answer.
Moriarty clearly enjoyed the view from where he was standing, though there was an obvious surprise on his face at the current proceedings of his execution. Well, but who wouldn't be surprised? The audience certainly had no idea who to root for or whether to cheer or panic, so their eyes just went back and forth between John and Sherlock until the other guard on the stage gained back enough of his composure to stomp angrily.
"Dr Watson?"
The pure need to kiss him again becomes almost inexplicable, and as Sherlock growls one more time, he opens his eyes and finally realises that they moved. John has guided them through the door right into the hallway between bedroom and kitchen. Sherlock's body seems to know which of the two he'd rather prefer going to right now.
"I'd tell you about my day at work, but I don't wanna bore you with the ordinary."
John sucked a sharp breath through his teeth. There it was again, a sting of pain. Sholto dead in his arms. He shook his head.
John has closed his eyes to stop his mind from floating, because as much as he wants to, the timing is, as almost always with Sherlock, a bit not good.
He relearned to value his sorrow when he mourned James Sholto. Many of his nightmares were of him, breathing his last breath in his arms. Only that, with him, waking up did not make the images go away. For they were memories. They had happened to him. Grief meant taking those memories and storing them away safely. To acknowledge the pain and to overcome it by treasuring the happier times.
Jane was the first one to step out and a spotlight and a quiet melody accompanied and followed her steps. Now John saw that the music was actually Mrs Hudson playing the piano in the back of the stage. "She plays the piano?"
"Stop talking and do it already," he gets out, half choked with emotion and breathlessness.
His eyes are still closed when he feels John’s breath tickling his nose and John is standing on his tip-toes to close the distance between their mouths with a kiss. When they part, John smiles against his lips. "Ours," he corrects him.
when Sherlock touches him in the most intimate of places. He tells him he is
"I have not, to be quite frank. Heard the stories, I mean. Never heard of him before."
"I am almost tempted to applaud you, Doctor." He sounded unimpressed.
"I thought you'd never ask.
He had absolutely no idea what he was trying to tell him there, but it sounded endlessly poetic. He wondered whose quote that was, as he felt like he had heard it before.
"I believe you," he said, and she smiled. Her smile was thin, but she smiled.
– but something about it calms and provokes him at the same time. He picks up the half-emptied mug of cold tea and thinks this over on his walk to the kitchen sink.
." Sherlock is already too lost in pleasure, mumbling away without thinking.
No. No, it can't be. John can't be.
"You are something of an... anti-Anderson to me."
Sadly, they did not fly for long. They let go of their hands in mid-air and there was a short moment in which time stood still and they looked at each other. John felt himself falling uncontrollably, his back to the ground. This fall could break his neck. All for nothing. Everything he had sworn to himself, the goal he had set himself. This could be the way out. He had no control over it. So he closed his eyes. Waited for the pain to come and fade away with him.
"What do you want then?"
"So we could all make it, I see," Sherlock interrupted to get back on the track of the problem. "Then you will be glad to hear, Anderson, that I will not be the one to lend your ear to. John, your moment has arisen."
"Well, of course not immediately. The most important factor for the healing process is rest and protection. As little walking as possible to limit the weight-bearing. But I think I might still apply a compression to control the swelling." He got up and walked towards one of the cupboards where he kept medical bags and bandages.
Moriarty threw his hand up to shield the back of his head. He looked over his shoulder, observed the bullet stuck inside his hand and finally saw what John had now pointed his weapon at. Eurus was behind him! Moriarty pulled the silver bullet out of his hand, revealing wires that sprayed sparks. He met eyes with her through the hole in his palm. So he had made part of himself into a cyborg!
Sherlock eventually, finally, looked up at him. He searched his face with suspicion.
"'s alright," John replies in a throaty voice, but despite what he said his cock gives an obvious twitch as Sherlock's breath tickles the flesh where it's straining and hard against his belly.
"Sherlock-"
"Do you really?" Now John turned to her with crossed arms. "Because I just asked you a question and you didn't answer it."
“Oh, you have to? Why do you have to? Because they tell you to? Why are you always acting like you’re someone else’s little puppet?”
"Well, whenever this big brain of yours is too exhausted to connect the dots … You'll find me in our bed, honey."
"Alright,
It has been predictable, after all. Something so dulled as his own heart would easily get above itself after having had only a little taste of this big brain of his. Now it would never get enough. It would plant itself inside of his mind (it already has), influence his thinking capacity and rebuild everything. Until all that would remain of Sherlock then is a sentimental mess who never gets what he wants.
Mrs Hudson had clutched a hand over her mouth, and John took her other hand in his.
"Lord Angelo, this is Dr John Watson," Sherlock introduced him.
Moriarty held his sword over his head, madness in his eyes. "We don't have to do this!" he yelled down at Sherlock. “You are just like me, can't you see that? We could've changed everything!” His voice was breaking towards the end of each word. He looked devastated. Insane and like mass destruction but at the same time … heartbroken.
“Couldn’t you at least close the locker?”
"Don't be like that, Philip," said Molly. Then, turning to Sherlock, "Can you tell us how you know all this, Sherlock?"
His whole body suddenly stills, though, as he hears someone whisper into his very skin, being so close that Sherlock could have sworn that it's coming right from the inside of his head. Which it does.
"No, thank you. I don't smoke."
John was unable to form even one coherent thought.
"Of course. You miss the danger that the war gave you. You miss the battlefield," his voice also almost not more than a hum, and deep and rumbling.
John and Sherlock exchanged a frown. He did not buy Mycroft Holmes, the Heartless. Not after seeing him and his sad pair of steely eyes. Not after seeing Iceman break under the iceberg.
John frowned at this. From the outside, this place did not look like he thought it would. Also, the location seemed far too public for a premise that hid away the sin and obscenity that he had originally imagined to be concealed behind those walls. He wanted to look through the windows to get a clue of what would be awaiting him on the inside, but the curtains were drawn. He felt a twinge of guilt for having judged Mary based on so little words, and only now it occurred to him that maybe he should have asked what kind of dancing she was actually practising.
"As a warning. To threaten the ones who knew into silence, and to create more terror and fear. And that's how we know it was part of Moriarty's work. He needs the brains and the hearts of his victims, so everything below the chest area isn't useful to him."
"Where are you hiding, my boy? Come on up here, we won't bite!"
Just when John had immediately decided that the man had to be absolutely right, that he was far too fascinating to be only one of those creatures, his attention focused on the man's movements again. The way he moved, the way he talked, the way he simply treated him - he was like a hurricane. The feeling of being seen, of being captured by those eyes, it was... good, he decided.
But because he was a grown man and could not stay in bed forever and hide, he pushed the covers away to get up. He was on a mission. A mission that was much bigger than him and Sherlock. Maybe there was still hope. Maybe they could still save him, find his heart and bring him back to life somehow. It did sound naive. But John knew that there were miracles out there.
basement."
"This was never meant to break you, it was meant to protect you."
He hasn't realised his eyelids are pressed together before he opens them again, called back to Earth by John's soft words.
(See the end of the chapter for
John lets out a grunt at the sight of him and spreads his arms out. "Come here."
Moriarty showed teeth at this and his face formed an expression of amusement. "So to say, Dr Watson, so to say."
"Alright, alright," Lestrade said then, "I believe you when you say that Sherlock Holmes has sent you. So would you be so kind as to follow me to my office, Mr Watson, and I am sure we can clear up this little misunderstanding, hm?"
John loves the winks, too, but he is too busy staring at that paused video in frustration to see it.
Sherlock’s eyes are still so very blue. He wants to lose himself in them.
"I thought about how you looked in bed this morning. All drowsy and naked, like a bloody fallen angel." John's hands wander down Sherlock's shoulders and biceps, and Sherlock shivers, shivers so hard, his hips moving on their own, controlled by all the arousal and energy that is currently heading south, heating up the blood in his veins. And John hasn't even properly touched him yet. But this is exactly what makes him ache, makes him beg nonverbally.
It reminded him of the first little adventure they had had together, back at Irene's house when they had broken through her bedroom window. He had not gotten a chance to look at him back then, since the second floor was not nearly as high as a steam-powered airship over the clouds. But now, he took advantage of this last moment of quiet as they were falling through the sky. John was protected by his armour, but Sherlock did not need any of that. He was just falling backwards, body limb and his curls loose and his coat fluttering beneath him like angel's wings. He was embracing death, John realised. They could end it here and now, together, was another thought that briefly came to mind. He took hold of him and pulled the cord of his parachute. The falling came to a halt. Now they were
Before John could say his confused thanks, he was pulled into a warm-hearted embrace.
"Sherlock, listen to me! I know this is difficult for you. I know it is my fault that it is difficult. But I was wrong."
"Hah! Excellent reflexes. You'll do. You'll do nicely, Doctor."
When John shook his head no, Moriarty and Mary exchanged another glance of silent conversation of which John was clearly their main topic.
"Do you know them?"
"I-" Sherlock paused.
John gives him a warm smile and kisses the skin somewhere above his heart. "I didn't exactly want to overstimulate you by coming inside you, honey."
“I’m recruiting you,” he replied to John’s unspoken thoughts.
His tongue leaves his hole with a wet sound. "Begging again?" John teases, putting the tip of his finger in. Teasing him more. "I am inside you."
James grasped the dogtag with the last remaining strength and huffed a laugh. John, despite it being the last thing he felt like doing, joined him, smiling. He wrapped his hand around James's and they both kept hanging onto the warm metal.
Sherlock presses his cheek against the bathroom tiles once more when he thinks he is just not capable of standing upright any longer. He starts seeing them now, whenever he closes his eyes. He sees John and him, in this very shower. Groping and kissing and rubbing, fucking and making love, too. It doesn't feel like daydreaming, it feels like remembering, however that can be, but he doesn't care.
He knows that he has never seen anything more beautiful as soon as he blinks his eyes open and is almost taken aback by how the morning light hits chocolate brown curls, highlights the contrast between the dark nape curl and the light, milky skin of the long neck in front of him. He knows that he has never felt more secure, more
She had killed James.
"Dr Watson
"Have I ever... thanked you... for doing this? Risking your life to save mine?"
, despite every crime he has committed and all the blood on his hands, is somehow on
To be quite honest, with those keen eyes of his (blue now, mirroring the sky on a cloudless summer day London rarely saw) John could almost believe he might have heard him. Thinking about him.
"Remember when I first told you about me? You argued that there was more to life. More than... what I reduced myself to. I never felt the same, for there was never much to my life. I couldn't understand. But you, John. You. You brought more... to my life."
John snorted in order to suppress a laugh.
Sherlock's eyes locked with John's where they were standing almost pressed against each other and his tone of voice was barely more than a whisper. "You think so?"
war fought in secret that it would be worth building an army for in secret would be...
John pondered over this for a moment. "I heard you playing. I don't remember any screaming."
This became so much more than a battlefield. Out there John had always known a soldier from an enemy. But in here? What was right, what was wrong? He shot at sharp teeth and skin as white as snow. Sherlock and John became a unit on instinct, solid rocks in a storm, while their enemies were a swarm, bloodthirsty as starved lions. It was horrible to see them falling from the rooftop, to watch their human claws cling onto colourful dresses and black suits to rip them open in search for skin to sink their teeth into. Vicious mouths that were constantly smiling, glaring eyes, rushing and grasping, while bullet for bullet met their undead flesh. One big man ran past John, eyes wide with panic, and he could only jump back in time to not go down with him and his pursuer. He put a bullet in the vampyre's skull when his left ear was suddenly numb with white noise. Sherlock had fired a shot over his shoulder and another monster dropped dead.
. He feels him leaning over his body in that moment, dropping little kisses on the back of his neck. Sherlock's eyes start watering.
. Obviously, this was not exactly an uncommon name. At least that was what John had initially thought. But this could not be a coincidence. He remembered what Sherlock had taught him about coincidences.
In three quick and calculated movements he held her by the waist, put her hand into his and pulled her closer. She let out a surprised gasp, hesitant to place her hand on his shoulder or to even look at him directly.
He realises what he just said and closes his mouth, feeling suddenly self-conscious and vulnerable.
"Shit!"
"And the … wait. Oh God." Now the smile fell from John's face. "We left her behind! God, she will never make it out alive."
But if all of this had made anything clearer to John, it was this: He bent forward in his chair and held out his hand in a silent gesture. Sherlock only looked at him with a rather perplexed expression on his face, and after everything he had just made John speechless with, this was an oddly satisfying thing to see.
John did not break the eye contact. He was done with all of this. Supporting Sherlock's weight with all his muscles could still give, he stood tall, his mouth a hard line, his eyes tired. He stared down the barrel of her revolver.
"She is staying at my house," Lestrade explained, "Resting. I believe we can all agree that after what happened to Tom, she deserves some time to recover."
Moran's eyes widened for a second, and then his mouth stretched into a repelling grin. "Oh, so you finally-"
John was still suspicious, of course he was. She had almost killed them multiple times. Where had she come from? How long had John been stuck in these chambers? For how long had he been unconscious?
"Oh, a doctor? How has he gotten himself a doctor?" He seemed to ponder a little, not really here with him, before he reached for the cigar lying on the desk. He let out a deep sigh of presumed defeat as he started to search for a box of matches.
"Don't. If you touch me now, I will either punch you in the face or lose consciousness."
, hit it gets closer to spilling over. But when it takes him, really takes his spine and bends it, settles in between his cheeks and crushes every muscle, every bone, settles behind his balls before it takes them, too, their fullness unbearable and everything throbs, throbs, when suddenly,
He was quiet for a moment longer. Then he walked away. John could not see him anymore, feared for a minute that he might have changed his mind, but then he heard a set of steps coming back. It was Magnussen, thankfully, and he was carrying something with two hands. It looked very much like an iron crowbar. Without reluctance, he was coming towards John with a dead and cold nothing behind those grey eyes. John crouched backwards over the dirty stones, being taken aback by the man's sudden actions.
"Is that...?"
She continued, "I knew he was stealing books from me. At this point, I was already too dependent on him to do anything against it. I never knew for certain what books he took, and it wasn't my place to confront him about it, though I had my suspicions, of course. Most of those books I would not even touch myself. Black magic is a complex form of power. Think of it as the element of fire; it is not to be tamed and not to be owned. Due to knowledge and practice, you might be able to spray the sparks and choose where to set the flame, but once you let it go, you have no control over where it burns. Nor how far it will spread and what will be reduced to ashes in the process.
"With me," he corrected him. John licked his lips at this.
"You can't be serious-"
In the short space of time, which make a few hours on his own still, hours in which he's waiting for John to find him in this empty house, waiting for his psychopathic wife, he finds himself holding in his shaking hands a pen and a piece of paper. Before he knew it the tip of the pen scribbles over the empty space to fill it out, and he starts to write.
It should be a relief to see the man giving him a genuine smile for being right. But him being Sherlock's brother did not make him any less of a threat yet.
"Trivia?!" Anderson couldn't decide if he was asking or exclaiming the word. Everyone silently agreed to ignore him.
"She was forced to sit in a room with Anderson today. That could've dampened her mood a bit."
Irene leaned forward in her chair, bent further across the table and her eyes gleamed darkly, the pool of icy blue in which her pupils swum becoming ever smaller. "His intelligence?"
Now Sherlock's eyes were dropping, too, but dropping to John's neck and lower.
"He lost all sense of reason. Became obsessed with the idea of using a human subject if our experiment ought to be successful. I must admit to you now, I was not immediately repelled by the idea. I had previously read about scientific sacrifices. But Victor rejected this plan as soon as it was presented to him. He said this was going too far, warned James not to lose himself to this. I took Victor's side. Silently mourning over the waste of all our time and energy. But I saw that we had come as far as we were able to."
John gave him a questioning look, and Sherlock's gaze shifted towards him again, one eyebrow raised. "An experiment," he concluded, as if it should have been obvious.
After a time, Sherlock cleared his throat so suddenly that it could only be meant as an announcement. "So. How do you know..."
“You should cool that,” Sherlock suggests.
That, at least, seemed to be the truth.
"Wait-" but John didn't get to finish.
"Yes, I've met. She was worried about you," he murmured, and gave a satisfied huff as the limb clinked in place.
"Almost everyone could make it. Lucky you."
He inhales deeply and lets out a pleased sigh as he finds his whole body react to the smell around him. The smell of burning firewood and windy seacoasts, of exotic deodorant that's biting like a dog without any teeth and the shallow, masculine attendance of sweat. Of calming contradictions and the most familiar mixtures which complexities stimulate Sherlock's hungry mind.
- to someplace unknown?
"Sherlock. This isn't right. What's happening?"
"Wherein lies the problem, then? I have been waiting for you for
"Don't you wanna hang up your jacket?"
There was no telegram in the hansom this time. He caught himself wishing there had been. That the quote from last time had been a clue, that Sherlock had wanted him to solve a puzzle. Even just as little exercise, a little game. Another secret only between the two of them. Instead there were only empty seats and one strange hat with a flap on each side. It looked like it had ears. Probably a forgotten accessory from a previous passenger.
Sherlock finally sat down, and John took his cup of tea in hand to indicate he was ready to listen to him. There was a brief pause of silence in the room. Sherlock sat down opposite him, crossed his long legs and cleared his throat, apparently not really knowing how to begin. It struck John as odd that he would have trouble finding words.
Sherlock let out the dramatic sigh of impatience. "Because I couldn't. There was a spell on the door, obviously, broken by you walking through it. Thanks for that, by the way." He glanced around the room. "But this is not the time. We have to be careful now. With any luck, they haven't heard us yet."
The man's grip tightened around his glass. He lifted one brow. "No?"
when he’s being too clever, calls him
And for a moment this is all they do. Staring into each other's each and smiling like idiots. Until something very hot and moist presses against Sherlock's thigh.
“You sure you wanna come like this?”
Sherlock waited for him to say it.
The legs of his chair scratched over the floorboards as he got up in a quick motion. He disappeared into his bedroom, and John watched him leave, confusion spreading across his face. Had he said something wrong? God knew for someone so inhuman, Sherlock did have a hell of a temper. But he came back with what appeared to be multiple sheets of paper in his hand. He spread them across the table, and John saw that they were... sketches. But not art, of course not art. More like the drawings one would find in the drawer of an architect, hard facts, lines and logic in the form of a pencil's work.
John narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Who are you?"
. He was about to retreat and finally get dressed when Sherlock grabbed him by the end of his sleeve and drew his body and his attention back to him.
She laughed at the compliment. At some point they had to part ways. John's flat was close and Mrs Hudson said she was to have dinner with some friends. But she had one more thing to say to him.
"Your drink."
The ground between the Palace and St. James's Park had never been so empty. Knowing that the Queen was probably out of the country by now made this city feel all the more left. Left behind to succumb. Left to fall. The gate to the Wellington Barracks was guarded by two men in uniforms but they were not men that usually stood guard. They wore uniforms that took John less than a second to recognise. He had once worn them himself.
"It is a real pleasure to have you here, sir."
"I wouldn't give you anything on Sherlock if my life depended on you, criminal."
And he could taste and he could feel and his fingers could be warm, sometimes, however inexplicable all of this seemed to be.
John's eyes roamed all over Sherlock. He wished for nothing more than to touch him. To feel him responding to his touches, to hear the heartbeat he saw right before him, bright red colours, wanting out. They were so close. He had come so close to saving him. This was his heart, was it not? Right before him. It was pumping, it was living. He had found it. His missing heart.
"Oh!" John noticed how she skipped back and forth between present and past tense, probably not knowing what to believe.
Then it occurred to John: Sherlock didn't eat. Had he forgotten about that, too?
"I am here because of her!" Anderson's finger pointed at Sally Donovan. "Because she told me there was some sense in you, some
John answered as he should have done the first time around. Their eyes locked, and he swallowed it all down like strong red wine, meeting him with confidence.
John stepped into the kitchen with reluctance and tried to smoothen his short hair by running his hand over it. "Wait," he said when Sherlock was already by the door and took his coat from the hook. "I'm not even dressed!"
"Oh God..." he groaned in agony, and then he realised what Sherlock had done.
"A case."
This cannot be the world he has lived in only yesterday. It just isn't possible.
John clears his throat and decides to go along with it. There is no more turning back from here on anyway.
about not getting himself killed, should probably overthink at this point. Was this a good idea? And he would come to the conclusion that, no, he should be retreating. Go back to his old new workplace, the clinic, back to his average kind of patient where he belonged. There was only one problem: Mary was right. He was bored down to his bones, and it had him mourning over something he had never known could exist, worn out and restless from too much time to rest.
Irene Adler tucked the rose back into its vase and then turned around so abruptly that her robe swirled behind to match with her. "So much that he sends me a doctor of whom I have never even heard before?"
Once more he heard his voice in his head, as he had in so many nightmares, crying out his name when it had been his time of bleeding out beneath him. John, shaking with anger and sorrow, ripped one of the buttons from his shirt in his attempt to bring to light the necklace he had worn day and night since it had been given to him. The metal read in its engraving the name of the man dying in his arms.
But Lestrade had enough. "This is a serious crisis! People have died, some of them lying on your table, too, I believe."
Silence was the only reply that followed. Anderson was on the floor. John was on him, grabbing him by the collar with a hand that had just punched the man in the face.
Now Lestrade was listening. "Wait, what? Are you asking me to just give them to you now?"
He wants John. He wants John in every sense of this word. All his life he has never understood that there could be something he would really want with every cell of his body, so much it physically pains him. Never has he searched for it, never has he believed.
"Once we were both but two lost boys. Craving a very simple thing and finding hope in an almost utopian idea, and yet something that should never have landed in the hands of men. Now, I cannot look anyone in the eye and justify his actions. Nor my own actions. James Moriarty is, by all means, a criminal of the law and I would not put my hand in the fire to prove his sanity,
Great. Bloody great.
But in the distance, John heard another sound, over the cries and gun shots that echoed through the night. The sound of hooves clopping.
"Belladonna. I always bought you-"
Through several heads and faces of shock, John could see that one of the human-looking monsters tried to attack Moriarty, but he reached for the thing first, throwing it over his shoulder and from the stage. What inhuman strength! No matter who was fighting against who now, there was no way that Sherlock and John could win against this horde of bloodsuckers all by themselves. John's head snapped around to focus on Sherlock again just when one of the monsters came running towards him, teeth long and sharp. In an instant, John snatched out his gun, not hesitating for a second too long to shoot the it in the head.
Sherlock just silently obeys and does as he is told without thinking about it twice. Because it's John.
in his eyes. A flashback of a sudden convolution around his heart rushes through him, duller, but he still finds himself believing that it was a heart attack and the end of him.
"Well, and I will. But you cannot just have your stuff laying on the counter. If everyone did that, where would I be supposed to put your drink then, huh?"
someone just by looking at what one has started to look at as
He had to admit his disappointment to himself as he opened the door and found the carriage to be empty. Once he had closed the door again, the horses began to move and the cab was taking off. But it was the thrill of the unknown that overshadowed anything else within him. Only a good five minutes later, when he wasn't watching the city pass by anymore, an envelope caught his eye. Unobservant, Sherlock would've certainly called him. He opened it with gentle hands.
John shook his head for a sarcastic laugh.
, as his mind was kind enough to add, and now the memory laid itself in front of his mind's eye. The way her very being had shifted and changed within seconds. He shook himself once again and begged that no one had seen. But as he followed Moriarty towards whatever lay behind the black door, he heard Mrs Hudson and Irene resuming their talk and Moran held the big black door open for them to enter. He was about to walk into the spider's den.
And so they ran. John trusted Sherlock to somehow get them out of here, following blindly, as a soldier would a leader. The front door was already covered with nasty spiders, so the only way was up, up the large spiral staircase. Then Sherlock tripped. John almost fell over him but caught himself and pulled him up in a single breath, as if they had done it a thousand times before. The first floor had too many rooms, door by door flying by, and Sherlock stopped. John almost bumped into him, Sherlock looked into a room and ran again. Once more, running, stopping, looking, running. Slowly but surely John got the feeling that maybe he should not have trusted him all that blindly.
"Where are they, Mycroft?" Sherlock took a step forward and looked at his brother. "Lestrade, Donovan and the others. Are they alright?"
John, for some yet undiscovered reason, doesn't remember being engaged, believes he would still live and Baker Street and that Sherlock and he were somehow romantically involved.
"Ohh," she said again, longer this time. It was Molly. In a dusky pink coloured dress and a fox mask. Her hair, quite cleverly, was pinned-up to look like fox ears.
He lets go and opens his mouth for him, blinking up at him with huge eyes that were so blue that they touch something beneath John’s ribcage and makes it swell. His head fights off the confusion between strong arousal and deeply routed love, and John’s cock jumps, curiously, from a mixture of both. He reaches down until his fingers are buried in soft curls and beneath the product Sherlock puts in his hair, and he guides him forward.
Sherlock Holmes isn't a man of poetry. He never has been. Sure, he has read significant literature before. As you do, seeking a higher education. He also couldn't deny to have found it particularly helpful when attempting to learn a new language. He has begun with his mother tongue at the age of five with
Sherlock wasn't even trying to get him to look at the painting.
An earsplitting roar robbed them of the chance to get Sherlock away from here before they could have made any attempt. Before he knew, a huge tiger was running towards him, pushing him down until his head hit the stones. As he opened his eyes, Mary Morstan was lying on top of him, pale and naked, her eyes boring into his. Her neck was just as bruised as Moran's, her voice deep and her teeth those of a predator. "
They rushed down the stairs and made their way through the crowd of zombies. They were careful not to touch anyone, even though they were all transfixed by Irene's performance. As they were now the only ones moving, they were practically handing themselves over on a silver platter. Where was Moriarty? What about the Yarders who were waiting outside? Irene sang her last note and smiled with crimson lips, meeting John's eyes. They knew that they were here. Of course, they
"I have heard so much about you," he began.
Sherlock finally raised his head out of his hands. "What are you doing here, Mycroft? I am fairly certain my reaction towards your entering should have told you to stick your fat nose into someone else's-"
His body knew the way. Somehow, miraculously, it knew it for him. His head was far away. But he was running out of things to wonder about, things he did not care about.
"But yours is still there," John whispered.
"What?" For the first time since he had put it on, Magnussen's disgusting little smile fell from his pale face.
, calling out his name, and as he opened his eyes he saw himself. Saw the sand soaking up his own blood. Saw the red paint glistening in the sunlight, covering his left shoulder in it and replacing skin with bare flesh. He had been shot in Afghanistan, wounded to an extent that would forever change him. Shot, yes, and then the fever came and the freezing came, and it came all at once and felt like dying twice over and over and oh God-
and the
Placing his hands on both of Sherlock's arms, the detective finally found his eyes again. And oh, how could he have forgotten the beauty that were Sherlock's eyes in the span of mere minutes of not seeing them?
He shot a glance in Mary's direction, who was standing next to him like she was showing off a price. In the usual terms, she would be far more likely to be considered a price to brag with, but Ms Morstan simply would not have it.
But Sherlock had stopped listening. His eyes made wild but calculated movements within their sockets, never focusing on anything in particular. Every point he was jumping to was a thought, an idea, a piece of brilliance.
It's raining. Sherlock can feel it in each and every cell of his body. A rain of fire is pouring down on him, soaking his skin and settling somewhere around his bones. Bones? Who needs them anyway? What has he ever needed bones for? He feels boneless. John is on top of him, kissing his neck with so much focus, so carefully as if Sherlock's body was made of glass and not breaking him was the most important task of his life.
"Please tell me you can dance," Kitty bursted out, but disappointment took over her face when Mary shook her head.
Of course, how could he not have caught him when it ran in his blood, his every instinct urging him to hold him there, just hovering in mid-air? One hand flat against the small of his back and the other to the back of his head, all five fingers buried deeply in curls that shimmered like amber in the light.
"Of course I am a blackmailer." He said those words like they were a title. Like he was expecting a reward for it.
John pressed his lips together. He waited until the kettle had boiled and he heard the clinking of silverware against porcelain.
At hearing that name, the voices around John became dull and distant. Now the water turned to him, crushing him beneath waves that made his heart skip a beat, skip another. Major Sholto.
"Found him, sir."
The cab came to a halt in the middle of a narrow street, and on the other side of the road John could see a park and street corners that all looked the same. His feet found paved ground and he turned around and leaned back into the cab to fetch the medical bag from the back seat that he had been given before leaving The Professor. Apparently, they had thought of everything. When the cab drove away down the street, his eyes began to scan the houses in front of him. But he did not have to search for long, as the first pillar to his right displayed the number he was searching for. (As he was, in fact, capable of remembering an address.)
"Looking forward to it, then. Good day, Mrs Hudson." He took his leave and kissed one of her hands that was still holding one of his, whereat she giggled and wished him well.
"Sherlock!" He shouted again, his voice filled with a borderline panic this time.
Moriarty was smiling proudly, like a dictator watching his army expand. He didn't understand what he was saying because he wasn't listening, was too focused on his own thoughts and how that smile was making his hairs stand on end. He tried to spot Mary amongst the staff around them, but there was no sign of her.
"Do you have any other abilities?" she asked with a hint of keen amusement in her voice as he came back with the bandages.
John continues to murmur into his soft skin. "You know, sometimes it still feels like absence when you're in that big head of yours. I know you're here with me, but it's always unsettling if I know you're not there when I call your name."
Sherlock just craves for the physical closeness, he has stopped being able to think properly. But his heart does something that makes him shiver a little when he lays his head down on John's shoulder. His head is filled with pictures of them being together, looking at each other. It feels much less dangerous to just imagine what he has wanted for such a long time, rather than to embrace what is right in front of him. The sheer beauty of being together in
"Don't change topics now!"
"I'll teach you."
"Or were you hiding from me? That's not very polite."
Irene didn't approve of his mocking grin, and she narrowed her eyes. Gone was the friskiness of her, it seemed. "Now, you might be laughing, but if only you knew what he is capable of."
he thought. Leaving aside the fact that he had only just gotten a new job,
"Baker Street. I want to show you something."
Sherlock nodded and then they jumped. His hook flew through the air and hit the top of the opposite roof. It was dragged to the edge and they both fell through the air until the hook hit the edge and the rope strained, sending them swinging over the masses down below. John let go of Sherlock and aimed for Sebastian Moran. He was riding towards the General, about to pull the trigger before John landed on him and they both fell off the horse. The metal horse just stopped and another one ran into it. The crash completely destroyed the horse's shell, sending pieces flying everywhere.
Sherlock’s heart stops. John pauses in the middle of throwing on his jacket, all anger washed from his face and now replaced with an expression of surprise as his head turns in their direction.
He cupped his beautiful face with trembling hands and started to cry.
"What do we do about this?"
There was a silence in the room. What would one make of such an exclamation? Where would one even begin? Anderson was the first to find his voice again and huff out a laugh. "Oh, but this is absurd!"
Or the machine could just as well pretend to be Sherlock Holmes while the real one was some six feet under at this very moment.
"A half-bred!" exclaimed Lestrade.
The smile on the woman's lips disappeared for a second and she took a sharp breath. Apparently, this little piece of information was reason enough for her to sit up on the couch properly. Her smile reappeared in the form of a smirk as she got up and drifted through the room gracefully while her gown was sliding over the carpet, sweeping the floor. She walked past them as if she was the only one in the room, and she glanced over to a floral bouquet on one of the tables. Bending down she took a white rose by the haulm and observed it.
Before Sherlock could comprehend what was happening John was on him again, pressing him into the hard wood, chest to chest, groin to groin, and John's tongue was sliding against his own. He wanted to break the kiss to gasp, to moan, and at the same time he wanted John to swallow him whole, all of his moans and all of the air in his lungs. John's strong hands grabbed his arse hard enough to bruise, and Sherlock threw his head back in surprised arousal, which made a rather loud
The Woman pressed her crimson lips together. "I'm afraid I can't."
John (who had just suppressed another grin at the memory of lent ears) felt his own heart stagger in his chest. Did Sherlock know he did this out loud? Did he want to do this out loud? Take off all of the pretence and call him...
John was so thankful for Molly Hooper right now. She was calming the room like the only steady rock in a raging storm, and John found himself holding onto it like a drowning man.
"An experiment? On a human being?"
"Do you want to talk about what happened to you back there?" He was talking about Moriarty having found a way into Sherlock's mind.
But Sherlock heard him before he spoke. He placed his bigger hand over John's, and it was warm as his fingers touched the back of his hand, spreading goosebumps over the skin below his sleeve. He guided his hand between the fabric of his open tailcoat and the silken waistcoat, smoothing his palm over John's rougher hand that had healed, hurt, and would now learn how to dance with him.
Sherlock sat opposite him with his long legs crossed, John had one leg stretched and the other bent while the flickering torch was resting between them, held upright by his hand.
"Jesus..." John shook his head. He saw from the corner of his eye how Sherlock bit his lip over his reaction. They were watching each other. Too afraid to disappoint.
She tilted her head in an unnatural, reptilian way and smiled a smile with no joy.
"Yes, he wouldn't."
"But-"
"But he needs them all to come, to watch... something. If he searched for an opportunity to reveal this something, this has to be it. I'm sure of it!"
Sherlock looks away in honest concern. “Are you really?”
"We had, what you may call, a difficult relationship."
, but the shoe was blocking his windpipe. He would die on this roof. Dying in battle … James wouldn't have wanted that for him.
Sherlock is sitting on the toilet lid in silence while John kneels in front of him, carefully disinfecting the wound on his cheek. It's not easy. None of this is. But ignoring it would be worse than just acknowledging it as it is. Treating him now, as a doctor as well as a friend, is the very least he can do.
"You are confused," she said. They were both looking at Sherlock's glowing form. It calmed him to share this, to not be alone with his own thoughts and helplessness, even though it was a criminal who was standing next to him. And yet, it bothered him that she was seeing what he saw. That she saw his naked body, that she was part of Sherlock's vulnerability and exposure.
Moriarty grinned in an attempt to look friendly, but his white teeth were sharp and threatening. Or maybe that had been the intention. Next to John, Sherlock looked angry. Angry and helpless and terrified. This wasn't good. This wasn't good at all.
"Oh, yes. I forgot that you would hardly know. Too busy playing on the battlefield. If my name is Sherlock Holmes, the address is 221B Baker Street."
she took the time to roll her eyes at. The airship took off when he was still on the ladder, giving him the opportunity of taking a look back. The vampyres had taken over the roof and looked after them with bared teeth. They were clothed in black, but in the midst of them, one was smiling. Raising her head slowly beneath the hood, she revealed long black hair and a deer's pair of eyes. In her hand, Janine held a gun like a huntress. The wolf in sheep's clothes.
"I need my mind clear, no distractions," Sherlock murmurs, head turned away from him. He looks like he's sulking. Very much so, even. Like he's sulking and at the same time trying very hard not to show it.
There it is. He cannot hold back the tears anymore that are welling up, and symmetrically they run down his cheeks and leave a wet trail that sinks into the fabric of the pillow that works like quicksand. He does? He loves? Him? He loves him? Does he now? When the hell should that have happened?
"So you're a blackmailer?"
, for God's sake. Who would have ever thought? Married to his work? Sherlock has changed so much from the lonely stubborn man he once was. He smiles more, he listens more, and he cries. John knows that he does. One doesn't have to be the world's only consulting detective to deduce that. He risks his life, not to prove he is clever but to save the lives of those he loves. And John's life, too.
Sherlock nodded and praised him with a smile.
In which Sherlock Holmes tells the story of how he died and came back to life.
John got the feeling he was being mocked.
John sits on the sofa with his glass of self-pity and liquilised courage in hand, watching the screen of his television. He can't believe he is activily doing this to himself. Seeing Sherlock again after all this time, not on pictures or bloody dry news reports ruining his reputation, fooling the world into believing he hadn't been the best and the wisest man London would ever get to know, is nothing he can stand without his new best friend.
Wiggins shrugged again.
Not able to stop himself looking around the room just yet, he noticed a few plants standing around, some looking more alive than others, the head of a horned animal hanging from a wall and a gramophone in another corner. In and on itself the room was stuffed and chaotic, but had its very own and undeniable version of charm that made John feel a bit fuzzy inside.
Charles Magnussen frowned. He had not expected this from John. But John had seen how easy it was to put two and two together sometimes. He wondered if Sherlock Holmes would have smiled at him with pride.
But Sherlock shook his head. "No.
"Dr Watson?" She called him by name and title, her voice strange in tone and in the silence of the chambers.
It isn't that John had not believed him
"Thank you so much, dear, for bringing back our Sherlock. I won't ask for details unless he tells me, I promise. But you two take care of each other, you hear me?" It was meant to sound like a threat, maybe, but she couldn't keep up a straight face. Her smile came through.
"Pests?" John breathed, but Sherlock did what he had already learned he could do best. He ignored him, and continued voicing his thoughts out loud in double time.
"No. John, Youtube is a perfectly adequate platform for this. If you google it, you're just going to end up on WikiHow. Believe me, you do not want to go there."
There was nothing else written on it, so John instinctively turned it around.
that allows mind to survive even when body succumbs. I am more than breath and blood, I exist, I am the monarch of my human mind." When he opened his eyes, they focused on John with the intensity of a rising sun. There was so much more in this gaze.
"I also knew – as did you, Sherlock – what he was hoping to accomplish through the world of magic. I saw the bodies piling, each in their separate shells, conserved and waiting for him to be ready. To resurrect them. But there was one body, a female, that was not in a shell. She swam in a tank."
He swallowed deeply, or tried to, the lump in his throat pressing against the pressure of her strong grip. He wanted to break free from her fangs, but he realised with a face of terror that his limbs felt numb at her touch. He couldn't move and there was a weight, not only pushing him against the wall behind him but also further into the ground, as if some higher power had changed the laws of gravity.
, so he is still desperate but grateful, and his whole body calms from this little gesture that shows him
"Ouch!" Sherlock held his nose in real pain. What a privilege, feeling pain again, was it not?
was. "Would you be so kind as to attach this to my shoulder again?"
A loud knock on the door interrupted their tense staring contest.
"Your way out is right here."
But for now, it is what it is. They will be okay again. Somehow.
as John wished they would be or could be. There were moments in which he hated that he was how he was. Everyone around them was beautiful, every woman stunning in their long dresses, their soft curls, their sweet laughter. But Sherlock … To him he was always better. Always more.
"I'm not so posh anymore now, am I?"
"It has already begun to affect you. In order to understand her, you will have to understand this: What you have done today, Doctor, was astonishing."
"Alright," John replied, thinking he might know best..
James quickly put a hand on his shoulder. Warm.
, John knows how to tease him. Almost as good as he knows him, apparently, always managing to find the balance between building up pleasure and torturing him with his own endless supply of wanting. Yet, none of it is satisfying. The more John does to him –
"Then I hope you are not thinking what I am thinking."
"Sherlock," she said once she let go. "You could look a little happier over the doctor's return."
And Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath, but nodded. "Promise."
John thought he could feel a shiver running down his spine, from his neck to the small of his back, and his body felt numb. How this man could astound him, could make him lose all of his carefully gathered view of the world. He had understood every word Sherlock had said to him in the last five minutes, but comprehending them was another task altogether. John had never believed in the existence of souls because it had never before been a concept of physicality. Never something to
"Sherlock, no. How would this work, I'm-"
Moments pass by around them, but the world stands still in the space of that door frame. A door frame that is still working as an invisible wall, keeping them apart. After the most unexpected and most deeply romantic love confession he is ever going to receive, John is faced with the most difficult and at once the simplest question in the whole universe: What the hell is he still doing here?
at this. "Oh. Maybe some thirty years ago. But these days, ay me! You know how my hip is always troubling me. Yes, these days dancing would be a rather dreadful hobby."
John has ordered (well, not ordered,
“Do you really think it’s a good idea to do this in a public- Oh God,
"You cannot be serious!" Molly burst out, her face a mixture of anger, of wild desperation and little hope.
"You really meant the 'not caring about the solar system' thing, didn't you?"
"Very good, Lestrade. That's the question an idiot would ask at this point."
"Oh, I'm sorry,
"But you heard them." Silly of him to ask. Sherlock did not sleep. Of course, he had heard them. He heard every single cry all night long.
John took that last order from him and watched as those blue eyes closed, life drained out of them. With the hands of a surgeon, he made a clean cut from one ear to the other, just below his hair line. His skull was cut open. His brain exposed. He took it in both his hands, knowing that he held in his palms all he ever was, a whole lifetime of brilliance and sorrow. And love. He carried it over to Sherlock, the one lying flat on the floor. He was pale and his skin looked soft and vulnerable in the dim light. Carefully, hesitantly, he let his fingers run through thick dark curls before he pulled on them, finding the skull already cut open and empty. He knew, not believed but
And when John speaks again, his voice is so calming, so smooth that Sherlock wants to declare every single person who would not feel the urge to drown themselves in this voice out of their mind. He listens very closely when John continues.
. He figured that would have to be him, the changeable man. Mr Moriarty. He should not be disappointed.
… Is this a threat or a promise?”
Shouting always soothed him.
So we're finally at the first Sherlock chapter! The first of many, I can promise. Oh, this is exciting!
“I have to!”
There was a moment in which he thought she might break and cry. It did not come. In another moment he didn't believe one word she said. The turning point came when she mentioned Kate. John did not praise himself for being able to read people, but he had absolute trust in his gut feeling. This time, it told him that Irene Adler sounded like she knew love. And that was all he needed to know.
"I showed him the early drafts. The wired puppets and figures attached to clockwork and machinery that students like us could afford to store without attracting notice. But it were sad results for what we had wanted to achieve. Ultimately, it was Victor who had claimed that you needed life to create life. Life could never come from man's pair of hands alone. When I proposed to include Victor, James was not happy, to say the least. Yet, for a little over three months, it worked. We made great progress. But soon enough, the inevitable was beginning to cloud Moriarty's mind.
"Mr Holmes?" Lestrade asked in startled confusion.
Finally, they both collapsed against a wall of dirty grey stone. Safety. For now. They immediately dropped each other's hands like they were suddenly burning hot and setting each other on fire. For long moments the only sound around them was the sound of John panting heavily. Sherlock showed his exhaustion by simply listening to him in silence. Once he got back some air into his lungs and his throat didn't feel entirely like sandpaper anymore, he realised how he could barely speak.
Mrs Hudson gave him a tight but reassuring smile and put her hand to his shoulder. "Dr Watson, I believe you are needed elsewhere. And between you and me, I think a lady like me can handle a bit of trouble. Experience, isn't that what you young people call foolishness these days?"
“I know!” John is enormously embarrassed, and he feels that if he doesn’t take a long walk right now, he will punch something to calm his inner unsettlement. “I need air.”
"Do not let your emotions cloud your judgement, Dr Watson. Wellington Barracks is a military basis-"
"Please," he said impatiently.
"No," she said, and then cleared her throat. "Only one left. A young woman. Something about her foot. Sprained ankle, probably. Not that I checked further. Only a foolish assumption."
"Oh, we're impatient, aren't we? I think you will have to be a little more specific."
"You're a new one then?" Lestrade asked, then gestured to the cup in his hands, "Want one, too? Looking a bit tired there."
, he has the filthiest boyfriend on earth, but he loves every bit of this, every bit of him. Then his head just spins and his hips thrust forward one more time. It’s not even him who he hears when he
"Good day, sir."
knowing someone!
"Exactly."
It was the only thought flashing through John's mind, but that was all it took for him to sprint after him.
He calls him
"I am a dancer."
John was watching Greg Lestrade, who stood behind the man reading aloud a list of Moriarty's crimes against the crown. He had his hands behind his back and, as the new Chief of Scotland Yard, made sure that Moriarty would stay just where he was, with his hands bound and his eyes watching the crowd. Someone threw an old tomato on him and he rolled his eyes.
"Oh no!" She huffed out a sigh and a laugh. "There is still a lot to do for me before we open. This is going to be fun for you tomorrow, Dr Watson. Your first proper day! One of the best things about working here is that you get to enjoy a free show full of dancing and magic every night. Some tricks are going to take your breath away!"
"He said he was a colleague!" Lestrade cried.
Gone is the playful, flirtatious tone in his words, leaving nothing behind but an unexpected, stomach-dropping heaviness of rare emotion.
He was on his own again. Doing at least part of what he was really good at and made for. He should feel better about it. About having not only one but two jobs. About being needed, wanted. So John was not complaining. Not at all. Stress did not bother him, he worked best in situations where time and matters were pressing, when a problem tightened the grip around his throat. He worked best when he had to choke for air, when the cold huff of death was breathing down his neck, making him shake with adrenaline. No, he was not complaining. It was only the sudden loneliness that got to him now. But loneliness brought with it the confusing realisation that he had not felt this feeling, whatever it was, more than twenty four hours ago. That he actually hadn't felt a lot of things a day ago, and that he had not laughed so much, lit up so brightly, felt his heart swell so much, not in months. And somehow that made it all fine for now.
"I always took you for a righteous man, Dr Watson," he pressed out while trying to suck more air into his lungs, "But using my own tricks against me ... I'm assuming your previous offer was also a bluff."
"Watch out!"
John saw James Sholto before him again. It happened to him from time to time, just out of the blue. The blue, blue sorrow that spread over his lungs and made it hard to breathe.
"This is... h-how... I wish... t-to go."
"Coming here, ruining everything. We were supposed to have so much
Today is such a day, a long one, and when John announces he is going to turn in for bed, he is very aware that Sherlock’s day would still go on for much longer. He walks around the table to pick up his goodnight kiss from Sherlock’s soft lips, getting him to look up from his microscope for the first time in two hours probably. At least John Watson’s mouth provides a good enough reason for him to do so now. (On some days that still amazes, no, utterly
Somehow everyone found that extremely funny.
but of course it did. In the end, when leaders thought that every alternative had been taken from them, human lives were always measured by what they were estimated to be worth.
"Wait." Suddenly, it struck him. "Do I know you? I do, don't I?"
"You have questions."
"I just have the feeling that you're not really with me this morning, is all. And I don't like this feeling."
The older Holmes looked over the faces of John, Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Sally Donovan, Anderson and ... Wiggins? His eyes widened as he saw him. Wiggins waved him.
John spun him around and almost threw him onto the silky covers of Sherlock's double bed.
Sherlock interrupts him by moaning again, louder this time, as the angle changes slightly, so that he is even closer now, closer to John's skin, to John's own heat, only separated through the fabric of their clothes. Sherlock doesn't care. He needs it.
He looked up when he heard a noise next to him similar to a mechanic squeak, nothing any human could make, and he saw that Sherlock was holding his hand away from his body. Yet at the end of his arm was no hand at all but a small
He let go of him just as his hand started sweating. He had felt his breath on his skin. Cold and hollow. Almost non-existent. Maybe he had imagined it, maybe he hadn't felt anything at all.
John brought their foreheads together, tears still dripping from the tip of his nose. "I'll show you."
Then his eyes snap open widely, and he stares into John's dark blue sea, blinks a few times and his gaze drops to John's lips. And he can't ignore how his blood heads south, how a sweet little twinge in his gut makes him want to thrust his hips and press himself against him. Makes him
John is a man who is easily woke. Soldier reflexes. If you spent years of your life falling asleep in a war zone, well knowing that any moment of abstraction could kill you, it’s not something that wears off easily. The war is far away from him now. The memories rarely are. But he has learned to be grateful for the little things he could take from it.
We're finally at Baker Street! This is one of my absolute favourite chapters so far. It's a pleasure to write those two together, I swear. (Also the topic of life and death is very fascinating to me, as well.)
"The right thing, one would hope," Sherlock whispered back to him.
John gave him a nod. "He is working for Moriarty."
"Am I not a real people?"
John only glared at him. The man's expression changed as well. In the blink of an eye, his eyes were made of steel. Done with playing games?
her viewers. I followed every one of her damn steps, but so far instead of this," he points at the perfectly braided hair on the screen, "it looks more like a bird's nest if anything."
Wiggins shrugged. "Just making conversation."
Now it dawned on him. It dawned on him the second his own name slipped through Sherlock's lips. "He took control over her. But how is this even possible?"
"Really?" she asked, baffled.
His eyes wouldn't move as quickly around the room, would finally stop to strip the walls naked in the analyst's thirst for answers, and instead that gaze of his would begin to linger. The more and more frequently it did so, linger, the more he would stop and stand still, sometimes so abruptly that John almost walked into him.
"There, yes! Put it in. I need you inside me.
- in the middle of the kitchen and now John is gone. Maybe he was never even here.
Now Sherlock interfered, eyes glowing with rage. "Maybe by actually doing my bloody work, for God's sake, instead of whatever useless impact you have had on the world in the meantime!"
"A tiny detail," Janine said. "It's a mask ball."
A few moments of loaded silence passed by but the world stood still.
It did not take long for them to hire a cab, and barely a quarter of an hour had passed by the time the horses came to a halt. John helped her out of the hansom and took in his surroundings. They were standing on the footpath of a main street and the cab took off. The building in front of them had a red brownstone façade and black-framed sash windows. It towered upwards for about three or four floors and was roofed with dark grey slate. Right above the broad, wooden transom there was a dark green sign, labelled with golden letters that read
This seemed to become something of a habit of theirs, didn’t it?
"I know. I believe he spares it. And I believe I know why. John? I will tell you what happened to me."
It didn't matter. He was holding the weapon close, one eye closed tightly, so he could set his aim with the other. There it was. A clear headshot. He could see it in his mind's eye, having witnessed and performed it countless times already. He could.
Sherlock started smiling a little smugly and tilted his head, as he had apparently said that out loud, that little
Sherlock turned. For what seemed like the first time this evening John saw his blue eyes on him, lighter through the two holes in the white mask. "I think he's looking for a lonely man. But that is not what I am."
"Shut up, Sherlock."
Sherlock could not believe what he was hearing. "Say that again."
"John Watson!"
"John ... why is this?" Now it is his own voice that surprised him. Or rather the lack of it. The usual rumbling washed away, only a quiet breathing remained. So quiet.
"Well, he wouldn't if he payed a tiny bit of attention for once. I am quite obviously neither gone nor am I dead!“ Sherlock pulled on his hair, apparently an act of frustration. Either due to the stupidity of those who failed to think like him, or at himself for indeed having been abducted in the first place. For indeed being dead and for feeling more and more hollow, the more the truth of it sank in.
Sherlock grimaces uncomfortably, almost as if disgusted, and clearly annoyed. His head turns slowly in John’s direction, and it seems as though he had just remembered that he is sitting here, too. And living here, for that matter. In the same flat, for quite some time, actually. Moments pass by until he has finally grasped the question, then he gives a look that displays confusion - but this is still Sherlock Holmes he is dealing with, so chances are he is feeling not as much confused as he is feeling offended.
John blinks at him a few times. Then he kisses him on the mouth, deeply. Deeply, like he loves him. "Good. Brilliant.
So the man, despite his apparently wide range of influence, had no idea what had happened to Sherlock. He didn't know any more than those who wrote the news. John felt himself lifting the thumb the man had him under. They were even.
"John, why-" he finds himself trying to gasp out, but it is dull and broken off by another sob and the fact that his face is pressed into John's shoulder.
It was more than simply talking to someone about these kinds of things. They were rare, those moments, but once they happened John knew he would never in his life forget a night like this. Sitting together with a half-man, half-robot who he had only just met, a fire calmly flickering between them, and drinking tea. Later, because Sherlock had asked if he wanted some and John had said yes, a glass of red wine took the tea's place.
Sherlock snorted. "You will understand I have my reasons to doubt that."
John, whose vision had gone blurry and grey as his consciousness slowly faded, distantly wondered why that sentence had ended so abruptly.
The street had become quiet. The cyborgs had stopped moving and the vampyres stared at where Irene now sat, on a pile of corpses, joint by those they were fighting against. Their leader was gone. What was there left to fight for now? The world did not seem to know, so it stood still in silence.
"Hostage?!" John whispered in honest hysteria. "Great, just great."
“Shut up! I will cool that when I feel like cooling it, I’m a bloody doctor!”
Sherlock probably read him like a book and that was why he held his gaze. "I know."
John was pulled from the limbs of his dead major by Sherlock with one arm, trying not to hurt him with his broken one. His mind could not grasp it. He could not understand the danger they were facing. Sherlock pulled on him and somehow his body cooperated, wobbly legs and longing arms reaching for the one on the ground.
own skin that is wet, and a hot burn sets him blinking, more tears running down his cheeks now.
"They are quite good, are they not?" He hesitated for a second but decided to act on his own curiosity after a while. "What is it they are so scared of? Is it the employer?"
. Sherlock clings to the headboard to keep himself alive, but he also uses it to push back around John, almost hitting it, almost and-
John's head was drained of everything, every thought until only a single one remained.
Then she drew back and waited for John to step in. When he didn't, she gave him a smile of pity.
Then he started to understand, yet Sherlock still rolled his eye at him for good measure. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and said in a dry tone, "Berries," as if this explained everything. Well, and it sort of did.
, he knew. But it didn't have to, he told himself. He could die in battle. Right on the field. Here in the mud. In the dirt. In between shouting knights and horrifying screams, in between so much death that one more wouldn't even strike. He was just scared of what he would become, what an undead life would bring for him as soon as this sharp fangs had sunken into his neck.
, part of him thought.
fault. He was in
He just blinked at him for long seconds of silence, and then they both burst into laughter.
"You know..."
Molly bit her lip as she looked back and forth between them. She had never seen Sherlock so weak and so quiet. "Open it, then," she urged.
"This could have ruined your lives."
The man let out a sigh, but did not look like he was going to elaborate. Shortening the distance between them with only a few long strides, hands clasped behind his back, he raised his brows in an expression of open interest. Was he was sizing him up? John was shifting from the one to the other leg, uncomfortable at being the focus of this stranger's full attention.
His head only swims, absolutely lightheaded, as John opens one button after the other while he makes his way below his navel. He does it all so gently and painfully slowly that Sherlock has been reduced to a constant shivering of arousal and whimpers that should be out of his usual vocal range. John has sunken to the floor now, and takes up all the space between his legs. When he dips his tongue inside of his belly button, Sherlock wraps his legs instantly around John's upper body to pull him closer, closer still, get him where he so desperately wants him. But John has decided to tease only further. Pressing his cheek against the outline of the bulge in his trousers, he seeks another long moan from the depths of Sherlock's throat out into the open, quiet space of 221B.
He might not just be talking about their night right now. Sherlock blushes.
"Ah, yes," he said then, untangled his crossed legs, put his hands to the armrests and jumped up. He smiled down at him. "Would you care for a cup of tea?"
In there.
Now that they were not running for their lives, he was given the luxury to look at her properly. She was older, her hair pulled back and turned fully grey, but she was still a very agile woman. Her left eye was covered by a leather eyepatch and a scar poking through beneath it, and her dark green uniform did not appear to be made for a fighter but for a leader instead.
Molly looked as if she had from one moment to the next forgotten how to speak English, as if she didn't understand a word. She blushed slightly, a light shade of pink visible just below her cheeks where her mask ended and her face began. "Sherlock..."
She stepped closer still and laid out her hand, palm upwards, in front of him, meaning for him to take it. A soft smile graced her features again and blew away the cold air between them, but never the tension. "Would you be so kind as to escort me back to my workplace,
"You should see her dance," she said with a grin. "Overshadowing us all."
"How could he possibly know that I..." he paused.
"Sherlock, we have to do something."
His body begins to shake from the enormous amounts of pure pleasure that comes together at the base of his spine and spreads all over his entire form and all he is. Now he is hitting it,
"You make it sound as though it was you who is at fault here."
"Let's go," she said simply, stepping back to leave.
"Oh and also, Doctor,“ Sherlock said a few minutes later when they made their way out of Speedwells to fall back into the tight grip that reality had on them.
Just as he realises that he has never touched John's hair before, but has always wanted to, and that he has never been kissed anything like this before, and never knew he could miss what he has never even dared himself to feel before.
"Jesus
“Oh no,” he whispers. “This wasn’t a reward, Sherlock. It was… long overdue. I’m still mad at you.”
There it is. The mask slowly drops and Sherlock Holmes is left stripped and naked. For a few moments only, of course. But all those seconds are enough, and they feel like hours with both of them just looking at each other. It is different. It is sad and to realise that again and again, and not being able to do anything about it, hurts.
He can actually hear John gasp as he uses the word again, and he wishes he could've seen his face, but they have both closed their eyes and now their lips are meeting in a kiss, parting and meeting again and parting...
His eyes flew open, meeting Mycroft's.
"I will tell her when the time has come. She has turned in already, so she is unaware that we are in the flat. I would prefer you to leave her in the dark about the activity in this household for a bit longer still."
He took another sip, then stood up and turned his back to them. He was looking out of the window, and his hands were clenched into fists behind his back. "I can't believe they would not tell me first," he muttered under his breath. Looking over his shoulder, his gaze was once again cold and controlled.
He did not. Again, she was right about him. He was partially impressed and irritated, while distantly knowing that decent men were supposed to mind being abducted by dubious people. It was turning into something of a habit.
In his head he greets him with
As Sherlock took John along to leave through the back door, Wiggins was the only one to wish them goodbye, "See ya, Mr 'olmes!"
He sat down on the sofa this time, next to him. "I'm sorry... John."
"Sherlock!" John says quickly, trying to stop him from feeling all of what John is already so familiar with, knowing the possessiveness, the guilt of objectifying, but being unable to stop himself. He wants to protect him at all costs, but what he wants more than anything right now is to kiss him. Sherlock is still a little distressed, the soft strokes of John’s fingers against his thighs through his pockets seem to have a soothing effect, supporting his body by pressing his arms against the window frame. John kisses what he can reach of him, licking a long stripe along the pale neck he has always felt an undying affection for, biting softly into the skin of his earlobe. Sherlock makes lovely noises coming from the back of his throat before he lets out a shuddering gasp.
"Yes?"
"Oh John," Janine said in a sing-sang voice. "Loyal little John. Ah, ah, ah. Stay down. Sleep now."
"Earlier this night you have accused me of playing the hero. It is very unwise to make people into heroes, Doctor."
He eagerly threw on his suit jacket and his bowler hat and ran down the stairs till he was standing on the pavement.
Without a second thought John was marching towards him. Of course, Mr Stripes noticed him quickly and the expression on his face changed into one of alert. He turned to walk away from him, turning around the next corner, and when John heard his pace fasten, heard that he was in fact
It was an eyeball.
John Watson anymore.
John looked up and ahead to where he was standing in the middle of 221B Baker Street.
When he stepped into the tavern no one was looking at him.
"Are you alright?"
“We wouldn’t see each other if I did.”
It's so hard to take all this. John's wet lips where neck meets shoulder, his hands running down from his chest to both his lips, up and down, up and down again, and now his thumbs were brushing over both his nipples and,
He can hear the gentle smile in John's response. "Of course. I want that, too."
For a few seconds Sherlock is reduced to perplexed blinking.
"One, two, three. One, two, three. A little to the right."
Opposite them, Mrs Hudson didn't utter a word, neither did she question what she saw. Her wholehearted smile broadened on the inside. She was a woman of decency. So she kept that secret smile to herself for the entirety of the ride while John and Sherlock watched the world outside pass by, holding hands in conjoint silence.
He quirked a brow. "You think nobody could be that clever?"
"Here we are," John repeated after him to confirm it for himself. Was this what the world gave you when it received your complaint about your dull life? It seemed so cruel.
"Well?" Sherlock was watching him with keen eyes.
"Oh no." Sherlock could see them shooting from the rooftops as the smoke cleared more. "They are everywhere."
There was a truth in those words that was almost refreshing to hear, like a shove into the direction of an old, ugly state of comfort. It was the reminder of what he really was, of where he belonged and where he didn't. A cruel truth he found himself agreeing with. What he didn't agree with, however, were the shattering threats of Moriarty's little puppet. They had killed her, he had seen her die and her body split into a thousand spiders, and now here she was. Alive. Unmistakably inhuman.
"Alright, I get it," John said, taking a step back to let Sherlock rearrange his workplace. The lazy git could have walked over here in the first place, he realised, but decided not to mention it. "What happened to the others?"
There was no question about it. "Anything."
John frowned at that and the corner of his mouth pulled up unwillingly. Smiling in times like these … That should not be allowed.
John could only grow fonder of her. He cleared his throat. "What makes you so sure then, that he will not come back? You did say that he sometimes leaves whenever he pleases. Could an extraordinary man like that not just go on a long vacation without saying a word about it?"
"Clarity," Mycroft answered so eloquently that he must gone through this dialogue in his head beforehand. Sherlock always assumed that was how the man won all of his arguments.
"When? Where?"
"Because if you go down there, brother mine, I need you to be focused. That is your only chance of protecting the ones you love. I need you to defeat our enemies."
The kiss that follows takes all the air from his lungs, makes his heart stop with one last
he thought,
The armour and the boots fitted him like he had never taken them off. The buttons blinked from his chest when the light hit them, the deep colours from his badge went well with the dark green of the uniform. It was not his own, the armour, of course not, but it felt like it could have been. Shining subtly in a bronze-like gold, the shoulder patches snug around him like a second skin or the shell of a strong animal. The weight was just right, as heavy as he remembered it from standing patrol, running, fighting with his troops behind the wall. The broad metal belt clicked into place as he secured it around his waist.
, and fell to his knees.
Wiggins seemed to think about this for a moment. "Mycroft 'olmes offered me money to keep'im informed 'bout 'is brother. Keeps me off the streets."
As John told him a bit about what it was like being a knight, and obviously left out the part where he had to fight bloodsucking monsters on a daily basis, he had to admit that it was actually quite pleasant to have an old friend around. Someone who didn't know him. Someone who probably still saw the
"Telegram! Telegram for Dr Watson!"
"Oh, yes." He tipped his chin up, almost proudly.
and he reconsiders his choice of words again. Being the one to be observed by Sherlock Holmes is far from new to John, of course - although they didn't get to stare at each other for a very long time now, it's either inappropriate with other people around, or just awkward, given the big, tangled
John stopped in his tracks to look at him and Sherlock stopped too, only to look back at him with perplexity. For a moment, John felt glorious. He had made the detective have to search for clues instead of just observing and taking everything. He had made him think about what to say. But Sherlock had to know what he was talking about, hadn't he? There was this desperate need to have this confirmed. The confirmation of guilt, an assurance that he would be honest with him in the future. At all times. As much as he liked him, trust was essential in this.
The woman uttered a huff and crossed her arms as to make her position clear. She did not seem intimidated or worried about putting off a customer. Not that John was planning on going anywhere. Not before he got the drink he knew he needed so badly after this trip.
John took one deep breath. Just one. Steady. He had to relearn how to cry. He did that with Sherlock sometimes, waking up from a nightmare about him dying in the chambers and finding comfort in the tears. Finding more comfort in the feeling of his hand on his back, soothing his shaking body in bed next to him. But the tears helped. They were not a sign of weakness, they were a sign of his humanity. Sherlock had proven this to him. Since he was back to being human in form, he had become incredibly human on the inside. He smiled so much at the littlest of things, chuckled at stupid newspaper articles and his eyes would light up with excitement like they had never done before. Sometimes they cried together.
"You were right, John. I am not the same person I once was. Death changed me. You've seen death and it changed you, and now I'm going to make you see it again. You don't deserve-"
The giant cat's fur was already covered in blood. Its jaw was so strong it was able to crack bones and kill instantly.
Sherlock seemed lost for a minute. He knew he shouldn't just be standing here, he knew he stood out. That wasn't the plan at all. Still, he kept on looking after John and Mary, but the crowd began to slowly swallow them more and more. He saw a laugh from John, John taking another sip, Mary smiling, smiling, always. Then they were gone. He hadn't known John was close to any of his colleagues. But it made sense, didn't it? He spent a fair amount of time within these walls. One tends to get closer when more time is spent in each other's company. Was John the type to make friends easily? He still hadn't moved. Exposed.
There are just so many things I didn't say.
in you." Sally was looking just as startled as Sherlock. "And I was enough of a fool to believe her. To believe you were not simply a lunatic drug addict that gets off on a bit of power in his hands. Now look at where you and this professor have brought us!"
"What are you doing here?"
He loosens the already light grip around his hand. Oh God, he took it as a rejection. He's hurt him again.
– bright red and it ran down the side of his face and was damping some of his curls. He felt his fingers itching with the urge to stroke back some of his dark strands and check the entry wound, check on his breathing, his pulse. Before he even knew what was happening, the words had left his lips in a whisper. "You- you're bleeding."
. He imagined Sherlock would have planned something dramatic. A stone with a message attached flying through his window and breaking glass, a masked person entering the house and whispering the address to him – or even knocking him out and kidnapping him to the restaurant!
"There's more," John whispered, his voice a little too rough on the edges. He was still upset because of Sherlock's attitude, because of his arrogance, the way he always made himself appear mysterious and thus never telling him the whole truth. He was upset that despite all this he was still incredibly attracted to him, was still stuck in his orbit and enjoying it more than he would like to admit. "But I've still got questions."
is the only heaven Sherlock will accept because he's a whiney bean. Thank you for your attention.
"Yes," John finally managed, his mouth felt as if he had choked on dust before falling asleep. "Yes, I did, sorry."
Now the room stood still, counting on Sherlock's actions alone. He decided to tell his story.
His opponent cocked his head to the side and gave him a look that would have said it all, but he still spoke his mind. "
“John?”
"Oh! Mary, hello! I wouldn't have expected you to be back so soon. Everything turned out fine then?"
"The point is if you're asking why I never came to you to let you know I was back, maybe you can answer that question for yourself."
as he comes and comes and shakes violently, open-mouthed, the sparks in front of his eyes and prickling through him from the inside out.
, which was the nonverbal equivalent to what he was about to say. "How else would I still be so clever?"
John can’t help but laugh in disbelief. "Seriously?"
"It becomes wrong or, let's say, difficult,
He was holding on tightly, wrapping his arms around John's neck and his lanky pair of legs around his waist as his body threatens to sink deeper still. But just then John grabbed him even harder, and his fingers digging into his arse, parting cheeks as he tried to hold him and turn them around. Sherlock could feel his cock pulsing impossibly hard as his hole was stretching, and pain and pleasure turned into a boiling cocktail that made goosebumps run over every inch of skin.
John tried very hard, and tried genuinely, not to let his mind wander at this. It was only that the way Sherlock said it suggested... well, actually it didn't suggest anything. John simply liked him too much. But then he remembered that this was the same man who had not known he could fire bullets from a gun in his arm. Which reminded him again that he was dangerous. And how inconvenient it was that it had always been the dangerous people he fancied the most.
Sherlock opens his mouth, looking terrified for a second, before he tries relaxing his face. A sharp intake of breath. He tries to order some of his thoughts once again, for them to stand in line and build something that does actually make a tiny bit of sense, but oh, they are racing, his thoughts, and at the same time he feels so very slow. The outcome is simple, but it doesn't feel like he's phrased the right thought yet. "I just … don't understand."
"Moriarty is going to host a ball at The Professor. Singing, dancing. Getting as many people in there as he can. He wants to be exclusive, for the rich, the beautiful." He looked up at Sherlock. He was clinging to his words with keen interest, no doubt finding a hundred hidden meanings that he himself did not see.
"Oh, yes," she hummed those words long, almost with a kind of pride.
"Oh, yes," Mary explained, seeming as equally fascinated by the way John was tracing the events in front of him with roaming eyes as John was by what he was seeing. "Her ex-husband taught her. If nothing else, he was a brilliant musician at least. From what I have heard."
"Yes. All the files. Of all the crimes committed within the last four weeks."
He took a step forward and bent down to pick up one of the candles from the grave. The earth began to move and the sound of stone scraping on stone and dirt rippling down disturbing the peace of the dead. The opening in the ground uncovered a large staircase that into the darkness.
"It's Greg!" Lestrade started to complain.
Mycroft closed his eyes to keep himself from rolling them. "I was wrong," he whispered. "Caring might be to your advantage. And that knight fellow of yours … He might just save the both of you."
and now seemingly everyone was interested in the advances of scientists and tinkerers. It was exciting, really, to know that, of all the ideas and creations that had only existed as drolly fantasies which the previous generation would probably have greeted with mocking smiles until now, technically every single one of those fantasies could be turned into a tangible possibility by tomorrow.
before all the birds outside stop in their motion.
. Oh, how pathetic he has become. Maybe this could be a reason for John to apologise for. Having stolen the heart of a man, who has once lived for cold reason and work, when he has no use for it anyway. No, Sherlock already feels worse for having thought such a thing. It is his own fault after all. All of it. He got involved. He should've known better than to let his stupid heart rule his head.
His eyes snap open again when the warmth is suddenly gone, and John is standing in the living room to collect his jacket and put on a pair of shoes. He comes back immediately, though, when he catches something confused and desperate in Sherlock's expression – a mixture that could look rather sad when applied to his face that consists of eyes too blue and weary and lips too pink and cheeks too flushed this morning.
Jane followed Kitty from where she was walking up and down the stage, clearly nervous and without destination. What could it be that had her so frightened and upset? John could not help but feel suspicion settle in over the whole matter.
"Not even you could have survived being burnt down in your own living room," John murmured, yet way too relieved to shout at him for being so inattentive. He looked around. "What is all this?"
, if this isn't a turn on.
"Okay," Sherlock replies through the screen, and John looks back at him, startled.
"Mr Magnussen, do we have a deal?"
Frustration. Exhaustion. Butterflies. Desperation and deprivation.
She turned sharply to strike down an attacker from behind and began slaughtering through the masses. John did not hesitate before mounting Silverblaze and holding his hand out for Sherlock to get on behind him. But Sherlock just stared at him. He cleared his throat and looked away.
"My brother gave it to me when I was a kid."
Enough said, enjoy this wild ride. Feel free to comment or send in your complaints to my non-existent secretary. Thanks again!
"Although, I do hope Mrs Hudson does not raise the price of the rent because of your way."
. But Sherlock had at no point appeared alarming to him. He had saved his life. Done all of that with only one eye. What more could he do with two of them? He held out his palm like a piece of candy, and Sherlock took it from him to put it back in its proper place, above one sharp cheekbone. He blinked a few times and the pupil rolled from left to right until all was as it should be.
Mycroft looked like he wanted to say something, but not a sound would come out. John could not tell if his eyes displayed the pain of Sherlock's words to him or if it was the feeling of any emotions at all that pained him.
As it turned out, Ms Mary Morstan was pure madness.
She didn't answer the question but instead pulled an envelope out of the pocket inside her jacket with gloved fingers. To John’s own genuine surprise, she came a few steps closer and gave the envelope... to him.
"Don't be ridiculous, Doctor. I'm not afraid of horses." He crossed his arms in front of his chest. " … They're dangerous at both ends and crafty in the middle. Why would I want anything with a mind of its own bobbing about between my legs?"
He woke with his face wet and pressed into an incredible source of warmth.
Sherlock's hand moved to his face to take the skin at the edge of his jawline between his fingers. He pulled the pale material upwards to reveal silver metal underneath. John knitted his brows in slight disgust, but the last thing he wanted to do was looking away as the man effectively skinned himself. Sherlock only stopped right below his cheekbone and then smoothed it down again until the illusion of a human face was adjusted.
"Okay," Sherlock whispered. He wanted to be better. He wanted to save John and everyone else.
"I'm not asking you how you found me here. I want to know why."
"So what does the man actually do? What makes him so known, so... so frightening to everyone in this city?"
They walked around the room a little longer, slowly making their way farther to the middle. Every once in a while a woman or a man would try to talk to one of them, compliment Sherlock's wardrobe or John's wit, ask them who they were here with. The answer was always,
"So that no one would recognise me, obviously. Do you think I could play as a cabman looking like a dead detective and not raise suspicion in London?"
"Oh, you mean your highly secret organisation that fights under the name of something you call justice to feel as if you can keep the world save and protect it from evil? Very heroic, by the way."
"Dr Watson, you may go through now."
"You think this way of fighting will get us anywhere near a solution?" he asked with eyes still closed.
John nodded, and soon enough they were on their way to leave this odd basement behind to walk up a dark and narrow staircase. John began to wonder how deep under the ground they were, and felt the beginnings of that same uneasiness from before lurk over his shoulder. He didn't like dark and he didn't like narrow. Fortunately, in that moment a door opened before them, and they were finding themselves in some London alley cast in the last bits of sunlight and the luminous glow of street lamps.
John sighed again. He was starting to lose his patience here. Charles Magnussen might be holding the whip hand here, since he was on the other side of those bars, but John had the advantage of experience. Years and years of experience with life or death situations, with torture and talking himself out of executions.
It hit him quite hard, therefore, when he entered the depressing space that was his flat. Why had he decided to come here? Right, he should change his clothes perhaps. He was wearing the same suit since yesterday, and to think that Sherlock could read every thought and each of his step taken since then, in the stains and creases of his dress shirt alone, made his self-esteem discrease further.
whenever he tells you to without even knowing what's going on?"
John nodded. Of course he understood. "One learns to get used to it someday."
On his way to the bedroom, he remembered one last thing. "Uhm, I don't have-"
"Are you alright, dear?" A face once pretty to John appeared behind Mrs Hudson.
"Yes, Sherlock. Exactly. Everyone. Even you."
Then he stood, the buttons of his shirt and waistcoat straining, some trying to hold the piece together. John told himself he wasn't staring. Sherlock turned around and disappeared into the kitchen. Noises filled the flat, and it sounded very much like he was making tea. It could be difficult sometimes, knowing how to feel. Many thoughts were spinning through John's head. Many questions that were accompanying him for quite a while now. But Sherlock was behaving... strangely. He had no other way to put it. The man was always strange but never quite like this.
He already knew he wasn’t in his own bed. The scent was familiar, the mattress more comfortable beneath his weight. The company perfect and unbelievably stunning, always.
when he is being too clever again and doesn’t notice, calls him
bush. By the time they had managed to stand on two feet again and were whisking leaves from their clothes, Sherlock only frowned as he continued, "Yes, of course. Cyborg, how could I forget?"
"Don't. I told you, she is not what she pretends to be. She is indeed our hollow client now."
Sherlock put his hand over John's own. "You will. When the time comes."
"I think 'tis funny," said Wiggins.
"This is gonna be a little cold."
John caught himself about to let out a laugh. "Working? Come on, I just moved back here. And look at me. Who would want me for an employee?"
"No, Greg, they need you here," Molly intervened, stepping in between them. "I'll go with them."
"No, you're not," said Lestrade soberly.
Looking behind him, John found absolute darkness. It was a heavy feeling pushing against John's ribcage at the thought of leaving behind Sherlock, in whatever form or whatever place, and it was fear settling in his bones. He felt watched. He felt tired. He felt like punching a wall. Punching the glass walls and letting the water and sharp teeth consume all of him.
"It's not him. It's what he left back … Go now. He needs you."
John could only so much as shoot Lestrade an apologetic glance before he hurried to keep up with Sherlock Holmes. The man was a hurricane, always the whirling storm on the run, forcing anyone who came too close to fly away with him if one did not want to be helplessly plucked from the earth.
"It's always you, John Watson. It has always been and will always be you. For me. I want to be with you. I have always wanted that, and I have never dared to believe myself. My life has improved so much since I first met you, you have saved my life the day I saw you, and I am better when you are by my side. John, you keep me right. I've known it for a while now, but it took me so long to solve this mystery. To solve
"Great," he murmured through his teeth.
Sherlock took out a scalpel from his pocket.
"Care to make a wish?" John's expression almost gains something near sarcasm, and Sherlock would've chuckled, because he absolutely understands. They both know him very well, it should be crystal clear that Sherlock doesn't believe in such nonsense. Ghosts, fairy tales, miracles, destiny. If it's not proven, he doubts - if he can't prove it himself, he's bored. So he simply terms it as nonsense and doesn't have to let those myths take up useful space in his head.
The curly head swirled around, framing the pale face that was so full of surprise, of shock almost.
"Hmh?"
"Well, perhaps you do not strike me as very frightening."
. Ah, the burning should help. It doesn't.
The fire kept burning away around them, unbothered. "It's not far from here. Brompton Cemetery. But you won't find it on your own."
"Shut up. Tell me what to do."
"You know we will have to arrest you now, right?"
A gasp. So much and not enough. "John... Oh god, John,
Have a great night, or day, Happy Halloween, Merry Christmas, whenever you're reading this, wherever you are, thank you for your attention!
Sherlock closed the door behind them. The light of the warm, setting sun swept through the long curtains without demand, just a gentle guest. John felt a warmth spreading from his chest from standing in these rooms again, smelling of burnt wood and Sherlock Holmes. He was greeted by the same charming chaos he had felt so comfortable around, because it was lively, was a tell-tale of its owner's habits.
The space in the car was limited. Their knees bumped as they were sitting across from each other. John wondered if maybe the cab was not even that warm, wondered if it was only his body giving off all the heat instead. He looked at him for a while. The crossed legs, the folded hands in his lap. The detective appeared to be so at ease, ready and patient to listen to whatever John had to say. His eyes shone grey, bright against the dark red back of the seat. Sherlock's gaze on him was expectant but never demanding.
him.)
, John realised. He realised it with a calmness that was almost shocking. He was just waiting for him to say it. Of course, he could not know his name. That he could not read from his posture, his mimic. Not unless he saw the name engraved into the metal around his neck. Major James Sholto. But what did it matter now that he knew? John knew that he knew it was a man. That it was women he loved and men he fell for, fell for into deep dark pits because he made himself into a mess every single time. This time – this right here, Sherlock – was already doomed to mess him up again.
When he wraps his hand around Sherlock’s leaking cock, Sherlock’s muffled groan is one of relief and, at the same time, evidence of how close he is already. He doesn’t want to tease him (they did do that yesterday night already, after all), so his fist tightens around his flesh, strokes fast and rough, while the noises Sherlock makes almost sound as if he was in pain.
"So what did you want to show me?" he asked, not even knowing that he was smiling.
"I want to thank all of you for your attendance." There was a pause filled with a sick kind of a silent threat. It was meant for them, somehow John knew it was meant for them, and he felt Moriarty's eyes seeing right through them, even with their backs turned to him.
. Maybe this could answer a lot of questions.
Sherlock pointed at his head. "Take it out. Back where it belongs."
"You have questions," Sherlock stated, quiet enough to not let Lestrade hear. Because he knew Lestrade would have questions indeed.
John caught the item before he even knew what was happening, his body working on reflexes, and the goggles were hanging from his hand and in front of his nose. As he looked past them, his eyes met Sherlock's across the room and he thought he had caught him trying to hide a smile. Something warm started to bloom behind his rib cage, but when he looked down at the kitchen table it died away immediately and got replaced by mild disgust.
Drumrolls, everybody. The final chapter. It's fair to say it did not end exactly as I had planned it, and I absolutely love that about writing longer pieces. What you're about to read is the conclusion of a two-year project that I started out of a challenge with myself (aka NaNoWriMo) to let a vague idea come to life. While I wrote the first 50k words within one month, the rest of it was much slower. But I did it! Officially not a WIP anymore!!
"Poseidon," he explained. "He fell in love with a young nymph called Caenis. As a symbol of his affection, Poseidon promised to grant her any wish, so Caenis wished for a man's body. But the god gave her not only this, he also gave her impenetrable skin. This is how Caenis became Caeneus and turned into a great warrior due to Poseidon’s love for him."
Blood pressed through their intertwined fingers as John tried to stop the bleeding with him. James was choking and coughing sprinkles of red. His body was jerking uncontrollably. He still held onto the necklace around John’s neck and had again the audacity to smile. John cursed himself for not returning it but he could not, just could not bring his face to betray the depths of sadness he was drowning in. James dropped the hand keeping him from bleeding out and the floor embraced the flow as it pooled around him.
Sherlock doesn't notice that John has left him behind, not until he hears his voice from out of the kitchen, telling him breakfast is ready. If he would be able to, he would have heard the smug tone in John's voice, too.
Sherlock was staring at something, or someone, for a long time without uttering a word. The noises and movements around them made the pair of them odd-looking, turned them into obstacles. In the blink of an eye, his head snapped back into reality and in John's direction. John opened his mouth as he found his hand on his back, but Sherlock spoke first.
“Don’t turn around.”
"Alright then. Tomorrow."
me that long." Even though John liked that thought. He remembered the thrill he had felt at being alone with Sherlock in 221B. No one had known of his presence. They could have done whatever they liked in those rooms and no one would have ever known.
wife? He found he even shared a few similarities with Sherlock. Looking behind him he saw that even Lestrade looked uncomfortable.
Last time he had found himself behind the trigger, he had wanted to die fighting. He would have been proud to die protecting his country or a comrade or even just to end a monster's life along with his own. But now? Now he had learned that there was so much more that he could have, so much more that he could do. So much more than dying.
He was already halfway out of the door and rushed down the stairs when he called out, "Come along, Doctor!"
After a long day full of new faces and the mere idea of a plan against Moriarty's intrigues, John is finally allowed to spend the rest of the evening all alone with that fascinating genius called Sherlock Holmes and a bottle of red wine.
"Will you tell her? That you are alive … ish?"
The sound of his own name on his lips, aroused, mindless, boneless in his arms, will forever be the most erotic thing he is every going to hear, and should he have to sleep without Sherlock for a night and be desperate, this will be all he needs to bring himself over the edge. Not now, though, he wants to take care of him first.
"What is this place?" John asked, and a few of the men started staring at him as if personally insulted.
Morstan."
John put his cup down on the table before it would spill. "I saw you, Sherlock. I saw your heart and... I have my doubts you understand what that means."
, he pulls his cheeks further apart with both his hands, digging fingers into the flesh and it almost hurts,
For a moment, Sherlock seemed so vulnerable in the face of his words. He had learned a lot about hiding during all his years.
He could swear Sherlock's face shifted into something softer at this, something a little too proud to appear shy. Something in between those two things.
"Envision a box in which you take your steps," he whispered.
Now would be Sherlock's turn. He was not even there with them, was somewhere deep down in his own thoughts. He stood by the window with hands behind his back. One of the mechanics on the ship had promised to help him repair the part of his arm that had been shot at by an overprotective knight back at the barracks. Until then, it was moving a little stiffly but he was trying to play it off. Sacrificing his body to another that was also vulnerable must have hurt his pride more than anything else.
In following Mary, John ends up in a curious place with a bunch of even more curious and lively people. As it turns out
James's other hand slipped away beneath his own. His body went stiller and stiller until it was moving no more. He was feeling dirty from all the blood on his hands. Empty because none of it was his own. Because he was still here, left alone to feel the warmth of a body that would only get colder. A body whose soul had left behind somebody too young to die.
"Dr Watson! Your expertise is needed!"
"Where does he even come from?" - "I first met him in the pub. Is he a spy, too?" - "Just recently he started doctoring some of us in The Prof. I have never seen him before." - "He said he was a knight." - "Is he even a real doctor?"
John looked after Anderson and past the confused Tom in what felt like stern victory. He did not smile. His eyes were painted in cold blue. They were all on his side. He, an outsider, an unknown force, had won and the doubt-inserting voice nagging on the back of his head had lost. He turned to see Sherlock looking at him with a little smile. They locked eyes instantly. It was as if he could see through him for a moment, see his name on his lips even though he had not uttered a word. His mouth opened.
and never enough.
He had never minded living alone. He did not even particularly desire having a stronger bond with his family. That was why he decided to join the Order in the first place. Obviously, this was not the main reason, but it had been what he needed back then. Purpose, freedom, defending his country. In London people barely knew that they were at war. It did not cut a figure in their daily lives. John already knew this would make him mad. To bear the knowledge of what was going on out there and right inside of him, so real, so close, and having to swallow down the lump right below his throat while everyone else was so oblivious to it.
It's sarcasm with which John amusingly asks him if he would
"Something sharp," he mumbled under his breath. With shaking fingers he tried reaching under his armour. His heart jumped up and down in his chest, lit up by a new spark. "Come on, come on."
"Yes. I know."
"To the roof!" the General cried.
It raised another question he would not dare to ask out loud yet.
He tried to reclaim his anger, for it was familiar. The red lens came back and his sight became a tunnel. No more. He did not have to reclaim what already belonged to him. He was so angry, he realised. With the world, with himself. It all came crashing down on him now, all the pressure and the losses. He was angry with Sherlock for taking it and risking his own life and his will to give it all up, was angry with himself for loving him, angry with James Sholto for dying in his arms, leaving him with nothing more than a … Oh.
Sherlock tilted his head and crooked a smile while he was giving him a
Sherlock looked up with an expression full of objection. "John-"
Therefore, he hasn't planned for this letter to be written, has never meant for a piece of paper to turn him inside out and expose himself. But, as is a burden to him on so many occasions these days, he couldn't hold it in for much longer.
Finally, Sherlock turned to him and he could see his eyes. Could see how the blue sky resembled his eyes and how all the missing clouds from the sky were hiding behind them. He thought that, if he had the ability, his eyes would be filled with tears. That this was what it would look like if he were about to cry. Yes. It hurt him more than words ever could.
Everyone was staring at John, hearing John's rage and anger breaking out of him, at Anderson who had trouble keeping his eyes open and his nose from bleeding.
Sherlock finally managed to stop biting his lip and get rid of his sweet little smile. John wished he wouldn't. The eleventh step of the stairs creaked as it ought to and then the man and the striped cat were standing in their doorway.
, and Sherlock
"I won't be long. See, I'm right over there." He huffed a laugh, looking over at himself. It must be strange for him, John thought, but for him it was stranger. "You have to... you have to get me back in there.”
"The girls – the ones performing for us."
"My brother tried to teach me this.
He was wandering towards the counter of the pub, ignoring the loud shreds of all the half-drunken conversations he passed by and sat down.
"Breakfast is getting cold. If you don't come out there soon, I'm going to get you."
“I was glad for I thought you could have a life safe from this war. I thought our paths would never again cross because I assumed myself would fall in battle and you would settle down with... with someone you love."
, the huge size of him, the scent of him, his precome, and just imagining him coming down his throat is so hot a thought that he feels the vibrations of his long moans around his lips. Seems like John feels them, too.
That provoked a laugh from the inspector. "Well, not exactly how I'd put it. Certainly not how he would've put it, either. But, uhm, in a way he trusted me. More than any other Scotland Yarder at any rate. Shouldn't you have figured that since he's apparently sent you to me?"
"Is it the Queen or …
John looked to his right to see that it was still on the table, right next to him. His expression turned a bit baffled as he did not seem to understand what she was driving at.
The nights alone are way too cold, the thunder growls so strongly. It reminds me of the one-way conversations, my blood is pumping hotly. I cannot take the world all by myself, cannot take them on my own. But would you really hear the pain if I just,
"A knight, are you not?"
Sherlock, who is obviously oblivious to such thoughts, wraps his hand around the shaft of John’s thick cock and holds it there, just in place, while his tongue keeps stroking, stroking faster and faster.
"Well, no funny heads like you in my cab, boy."
He held the heavy weight of Sherlock's gaze on him, who looked... fascinated. Interested. Comprehending. Of course he was, he always was. One of the perks that came with being a genius. He wanted to tell him so much more, think of everything he had ever learned, known and forgotten and lay it bare for him to observe. He enjoyed Sherlock's fullest attention far too much. He was so easily addictive.
"Oh, fuck me," he moans, fighting against the urge to bend Sherlock over and fuck him in earnest.
. But it is Sherlock’s muffled groan that echoes through the locker as he tastes John on his tongue and swallows what he has to give.
Somewhere in between he actually remembers to be unnecessarily embarrassed because John has found lube in his bedroom. Almost as if he had forgotten he is now living in a sort of parallel universe in which John Hamish Watson has one finger up his arse and still keeps going. But maybe one does tend to get a little confused under certain circumstances, even with the clever head (with fairly little blood supply and thinking capacity at the moment) of one Sherlock Holmes.
"After you saw the crow, you said?"
He feels an odd tickling on his neck, and his eyes snap open. John is leaning down behind him, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder, and he can feel him smiling and calmly breathing through his nose.
, John, oh, oh,
alright?"
“Ah! I’m way too distracted now.
Mrs Hudson seemed to have watched John was taking it all in and she was looking at him tenderly. "Quite impressive, is it not?"
a marvel, truly. A very peculiar young man with a funny odd head, I can tell you. Always on the run, my Sherlock. I fathom that being a detective requires that bit of legwork. Ah, silly me!
"Oh, dreadful business, that," she replied, sounding concerned. "I've always considered museums to be places of peace. Pictures can tell us so much about ourselves, can they not?"
"Is it good?" he asks, breathless.
"Children are a marvel, aren't they? he said to John, still watching the girl from afar. "I'm her grandfather. Took her to the countryside for a few weeks. I almost envy how she can still be so full of energy."
"Ah, uh, that's. Well." Oddly, John found he was somehow embarrassed about the circumstances under which he had met the police officer; hopeless and uncaring about life, a pathetic broken man ready to get tight in the first pub he could find. "In- at a bar, actually. She worked there. Uh, undercover work, I presume?"
"What? Out with it, Sherlock."
"Wait. Don't tell me that you ask of me to kill her? With poison?"
"So Lestrade, Donovan and their lot of the police will investigate all the crimes recently reported around London. We know Moriarty has a tendency to not leave his victims in one piece, and he might not always need to whole body to modify them for his purposes. Even just the brain could be enough. Any findings even remotely recognisable as human shall be brought to Ms Hooper for detailed inspections."
Extraordinary? The word spun around in John's head, flew into corners that tried to shape and form it, but it came out the same. Unwritten and unchanged. Sherlock thought he was
' They both share this feeling of insecurity and vulnerability that makes it so hard to phrase what they really mean. What
. Sherlock gasps for air like a man drowning. Every time John pulls out, he is hit with yet more arousal. Trying to push back, trying to make him do it faster.
"I'd rather not have it where I can't see it." Leaving his best jacket unattended in a crowded environment like this hardly seemed like a good idea. There was also the matter of his illegal revolver in the pocket of that jacket.
in French,
John has made him aware that he could shine bright without having to suppress everything but that trained, focussed mind of his. With John it feels like there was a fire right between his gut and the very heart that he wanted to believe didn't exist not so long ago.
More blood heading south.
"Since Moriarty poses a serious threat that the police fails to do anything about. Obviously."
John bit the insides of his mouth and looked from one to the other. Suddenly the air felt too thin to breathe and the awareness of him being caught underground weighted him down like the whole building was about to collapse at any given moment.
"But you must have heard the stories, and you've read the paper, so this could hardly be anything new to you. Just ignore the wiggy old lady, dear," she said, trying to shrug off her visible attachment to the missing man with a laugh and a pat on John's hand.
Sherlock still sat there, staring ahead at a fixed point on the other side of the room, and Mycroft stood next to him, his hands on his umbrella that he usually didn't use for anything else.
Her tongue made the words slippery when she spoke, her voice strong without any distance between them. She was inches from his face, but it felt as though she was speaking directly against the insides of his head. Everything was duplicated and John had to be hallucinating. He was feeling sick and his mind swam on strange waters. He couldn't look away as she grew two faces, three faces, ten faces, and he saw himself in her hundred pairs of tiny eyes. He pressed his eyelids together, and everything shifted back to normal for a moment. But not for long.
The hot breath on his skin and the soothing words almost move him to tears. He removes one of his hands from the back of John’s head and neck and wraps it around his cock. Now he can feel how hard he is, how little it would take to make him come, and somehow that gets him even closer to the edge. The sudden pleasure of touching himself is so much and just not enough, and he strokes faster and faster while John’s tongue licks around his hole, dips in and out, and his hands massage his cheeks, and when John closes his lips and
His head fell back and for long seconds he didn't move. Then, suddenly his head snapped up again. "I wish I could smoke, feel the nicotine entering my lungs. Why didn't I-" But he stopped himself before that sentence came to an end.
, at a regular pace and yet, it always comes as a surprise when he,
"Are you certain it won't cause any trouble?"
John huffed out a laugh. “Is it too late for you to do so now?”
"I can come again later, ser," Wiggins offered, then looked over to John. "Hullo, Dr Watson."
Moriarty has planned a big event at The Professor. It is of the highest importance, therefore, that Sherlock, John and trustworthy officers of the police attend this ball in an undercover mission and keep an eye on him. Who could even imagine what the evil mastermind has in mind for this very special evening?
John makes a funny face now, a surprised one, as if he cannot quite believe what the man in front of him has just asked. As rarely as it occurs that Sherlock asks for something he wants to have, instead of just taking it or just finding another way to get it, witnessing a Sherlock who is asking for something because he wants to be
Sherlock looked over and their eyes locked. They had not lost a word of Janine Hawkins. Whether he had seen her striking him down with a smile on her face or deduced it later on, it did not matter much now.
"Mrs Hudson!"
, he reminded himself,
John spun around so suddenly that their heads almost bumped into each other. "How did you get that?"
She looked after him with a smile filled with hope and worry. Of course, she was perfectly convinced that John Watson was very able to take care of himself – of Sherlock and him both, perhaps – but she couldn't shake off the worrying. Worrying about what was yet to come. Worrying that Sherlock was going to leave them again.
"Watson."
"Well," Irene looked over to Sherlock, who urged her with her eyes to go on. "They can only strike at night. But with everything else … I fear my knowledge is exhausted."
Hot blood and brain matter covered his face, and now the only scream that was ringing in his ears was his own, and he died, he died, he must be dead now.
“Nothing happened between us,” John said, loudly, much more force behind his words than he had intended. “Nothing happens to me.”
"Hello, Anderson. Does your wife know you work extra hours just to avoid her?"
PS: Yes,
he had wanted to add.
Sherlock looked at John.
They walked through the museum like they would walk on their way to the theatre. No one would assume, just from seeing them like this, that not even one hundred feet away there was a body decomposing outside. He imagined that this was how it would feel to live with Sherlock. Not only on the adventures or on the run, but actually being a part of his life. It would include moments like this. A visit to the museum, a walk through the park. Maybe music was something he enjoyed. He knew so little about the man and yet he couldn't wait to learn everything.
"God, your
Anthea was waiting for them, leaning against the wall of the building. She wore a little black hat but somehow managed to look at them from underneath it like the mysterious person she was to them.
that..." Suddenly he took a deep breath and grew very calm. He was still holding the door open like he had done to let them in. "Here's the door."
"Sometimes you don't make any sense at all, Doctor. You do all this, see all this and you absorb it all and take it in as if it were the easiest thing in the world to you. Yes, what is it about you?"
) and then with broad, silly grins on their faces like this was a joke only the two of them could understand.
"But why does that make it a fake?"
"And you couldn't have told me before that you have that on you?"
? It didn't matter. At least not to her, by the look of it.
"It's like Anderson said, this is just one psychopath wanting to impress another and everybody around them suffers from those consequences."
"He wasn't ripped in half. This is a clean cut. This was surgical."
, he thought while watching that murderous trio, all young and handsome and just as equally toxic. Mary was in on it, too. She had to be. But he still hadn't caught sight of her today.
bloody
"No. Sherlock. It's fine.
"Now!" The man who had angrily stomped his foot stomped his foot again.
"Between the two of us."
around him. But they weren't really here
John knocked on the door with the two crystalline tigers and after a moment the door opened and a young man looked down at him. He was at least one head taller than John, had strikingly blue eyes and broad shoulders. He was wearing a dark suit and striped tie around his neck. The grin on his face was too forced and his eyes were too cold to save it.
He heard a woman screaming and knew it was Irene. The pain of her snake dying inflicted the same pain on her and he saw her falling off a black horse and staying down. The world was burning. The corpses were piling. It didn't matter who was winning. He watched metal horses running over his fellow comrades, saw resurrected men and women as cyborgs with cut off arms or even faces, still walking. Probably feeling nothing, thinking nothing, under Moriarty's control. But still walking. Still killing. The screams he had managed so well to ignore up to now were all haunting him in their entirety, waking old nightmares and mashing them up with the cold-blooded reality of his greatest fear. War in the city that he loved. The loved ones that had taken him so long to find now suffering in an impossible battle.
"This is Ms Irene Adler," Mrs Hudson introduced needlessly, "It is always a highlight when she dances for us."
“Promise?”
Sherlock's glances were fast, were blurry and sharp. It wasn't as easy when the faces were covered. But his engine rattled on and on and on. She was cheating on her husband; his right hand was trembling - alcoholic; she still wore the pocket watch of a past love; dead eyes; fake laugh; Vienna accent; owns a clarinet- He saw...
John, who apparently must have noticed his anxiety, finally gets the meaning of the look on Sherlock's face that tells him he is close to losing him and he will be drawn apart by the depths of his mind if he doesn't get him back to earth within the next minute.
They opened the gate without hesitation.
Shoving the chair back that John had previously sat on, he tried to take up less space. But even Mrs Hudson sitting next to him didn't look amused. "Go on then, Holmes," he mumbled, "I'm all ears."
"Dr John Watson," he said, not really knowing why he found it necessary to mention the title. Although, it did make him feel a little more like a person again.
"You have never seen this before, have you?" It is John's voice startling him instead, so soft and so quiet. Sherlock can only shake his head.
“No, Sherlock, love. Don’t hold it back. Let me hear you.” He feels John’s hot breath against his now leaking cock and immediately answers his desires by letting out a long moan. It’s too much. Too much teasing. He needs to feel him.
"But fine. Let's do it your way," she said, sitting up straighter. "Your medical bag."
"Did she…" Sherlock stammers. "Did she just say no to me?"
And his voice is only a whisper as he asks, "Bedroom?"
Magnussen chuckled. This time it was mockery. “No. You don't understand. I
"No," Mrs Hudson shook her head. "Sherlock, it was your brother who brought you here when you were recovering."
When the signal came, a sharp whistle above the clouds, his head was wiped empty. Old knighthood mechanism. He was back again, one of them again. Men and women just like him, willing to lose their lives tonight and leave this world to become a better one. They left the ship in rows. Those in the front did not even blink before they jumped down, down into the unknown. Next row. Jumping down like a performative act, rehearsed a thousand times before. Next row. Next turn to jump. Up the railing and down, ripping the clouds apart. Now it was John's turn. He had no problem with height but for some reason, his head would not shut up about it. Left and right to him they were stepping up onto the railing. His feet wouldn't move.
to reach out for John's body. Oh, he needs to see him. There's so much he needs.
, a sceptical, quiet voice wonders somewhere in the back of Sherlock's head, but he shoots it down and for a short, breathtaking moment his mind just shuts. It's so quiet, a quiet Sherlock cannot remember having experienced for … ever, actually. And it's so,
With the heels of his feet he presses into the small of his back and slots their bodies together from chest to groin. Sherlock lets his head fall backwards at the sensation of John's heavy erection against his own strained trousers (that are, by now, just a sticky feeling burden). He expects John to lick along his exposed throat, but is instead surprised as John only sweetly rubs his nose against the underside of his jaw and breathes in.
"Well, I was a knight, actually." He had no idea why he was telling her this. This was not something to show off with.
Thanks for reading, as always. Feedback is appreciated (just like the solar system). How often can I bring that joke?
"Irene Adler, ladies and gentlemen."
"A mask ball?" John asked.
"Captain!" The General called for him, probably mostly to get him out of Mycroft's face.
"Right. So. Among all the things there was that video you made for me. You know, the one with the cheap excuse for why you couldn't come to my birthday dinner and said that none of my friends like me? But yeah, the uncut version of that video."
"Ms Mary Morstan."
It's only now that John also becomes aware of his posture. Sherlock on the edge of the lid and him kneeling between his legs. His knee is warm, and just where it dissolves into his thigh he feels hard muscle beneath his touch. Breath hitches in his throat into which his heart has leapt. It seems.
"Offer away. Then we will see."
Sherlock's face displayed no emotion. John's did so all the more. He was certain that every single thought of his must have shown on his face, and he didn't care.
"You think he is prepared?"
Now that everyone knew what to do, had their tasks to stick with, they would be updating everyone on their next meeting. Well, provided that there were no emergencies calling for immediate attention. Lestrade and Donovan nodded their goodbyes before heading back up, and everyone else just busied themselves around the room, making John feel once again invisible. He was beginning to feel a little lost, more or less waiting for Sherlock to tell him what they would do next. Like a loyal knight waiting for his command. Soon enough he felt ridiculous. This wasn't the knighthood and Sherlock wasn't his commander. In the city there was of course a similar thing with titles, but John doubted that with this curious group of people this should be the case.
