“Of course.” Watson’s voice was steady as they made their way out of the alley. “I would do no less for you.”
Talking about it, on the other hand…
Grezzik turned to the bird. “Thank you, again,” he said. “Why did you save me?”
The edge of that esteemed country was within the circle.
“They are indeed,” John agreed. “Lucky we’re not going to one, right?”
“I am not. Are you his friend?”
Lord Moran wasn’t speaking either. Then again, it was difficult to speak when one had a gag in their mouth. He was tied to a chair in the middle of the room. No one was looking at him, and he wasn’t protesting the circumstances.
Lestrade looked surprised. “I suppose that in itself is a long story, but it can wait. I’m told that the modern version of myself is coming?”
He hadn’t wanted to get married; the bother of finding someone beautiful who would also be tolerable for an entire engagement was too much. But Sherlock had practically come gift-wrapped, and Jamiarty had enjoyed watching the journey from peasant to Princess. He even enjoyed the challenge of playing stupid for someone who might actually be clever enough to spot the lie. Only Sherlock hadn’t been, so far. Oh well. He wasn’t going to survive, no matter how clever he was.
It took a moment for the other groom to compose himself enough to avoid both crying and kissing his fiancé before they were officially husbands. Once that moment passed, John replied:
"Sherlock!" Watson chastised, looking about nervously. "You didn't really...you couldn't have really thought..."
, John.”
John shivered. "I..." then he realized something. "You said it."
Just as an aside, all migraines are different, and you should definitely not take medicine without consulting someone other than a fanfiction writer, but the remedy John gives Sherlock (Gravol instead of the Cinnarizine, I'm in Canada, eh) as well as the migraine symptoms are typical for my migraines.
Princess Janine was ready for war, as were their allies in Sanctaphrax, Regalia, and Archenland. Jamiarty was becoming more and more dangerous, and the sooner that problem was dealt with, the better. Of course, that was giving Jamiarty what he wanted, and none of them really wanted to fight, but it was the best solution.
Maria threw herself against it, but the door was bolted, and nothing she did could break it down.
There was a rumble from afar, and the man in black looked up. Sherlock did too, saw the royal horses.
“No. I’ve always been strong.” Even his parents had always told him that he was so strong, so good at what he could do with his body, that there was no need to think.
“She was my half-sister,” Carin looked down. “Much older, and she wasn’t my Father’s child; before his time, but he loved her like his own. He’s dead now, but mother is still alive.”
John stood up and took everyone’s coats. Lily tugged on his sleeve. “Uncle John, do you like my dress?”
"Clients, John. Kitty is our client."
"That's the idea. And of course there's two outsides.” David indicated a door by the window that was certainly never in Baker Street. “You go out that way, you'll be in Sussex with your bees and gardens, and down the stairs is London from both times. You should try exploring each other's times, that might be interesting."
“Oh.” Molly pulled Janine close. She didn’t really care if it was a common song. She was a commoner, after all, and being in love with a beautiful Princess couldn’t quite change that.
“I know.” Sherlock’s eyes were closed. “Believe me John, I know. I just want this to be over.”
“I don’t understand why we have to be here,” Sherlock complained.
When Watson woke, his back didn't hurt.
“I know, but I want it to be…I want to make his day. You know us both, you know music, you can pick something.”
Mike never imagined that someone like Molly could love someone like him—ordinary, steady, sweet and far too fond of football. Molly doesn’t understand how it took her so long to realize she wanted him.
“What about Grezzik?”
I was not entirely certain of that. While Kitty loves Stan—that, any with eyes can see—my girl is still damaged. I know what kind of wounds love can give, and I feared that she would refuse to trust herself enough to love again.
Sherlock obeyed, sitting on the hard bed. Watson knelt and took Sherlock’s bony foot in his hands. His foot was bleeding, but Sherlock felt no pain. All he could feel was warmth; strange, unaccountable warmth on this chilly fall night.
Sherlock didn't respond as John led him slowly through the police station, ignoring the confused stares of the few Yarders around this late. Greg nodded to Dimmock as they reached the door. "I'm going to take these two home, Sherlock's ill."
“Yes, I am.”
“You’re very good,” She called over the clashing blades.
“And you are sure that’s enough?”
"Sherlock, you're all going to die if I don't." Moriarty was laughing softly in the ear without a phone pressed frantically against it, but John could barely hear him. “I can’t—dear, I can’t do that.”
The Florinese Heir Making ceremony was full of pomp and circumstance. It involved the Ruler Regnant bringing the prospective Heir up to the throne and dressing them in royal robes, each layer representing a different part of the responsibilities of the Crown. To make things even more interesting, the robes were all made of different types of material, from fine silk to heavy, thinly pressed metal. If the Heir could stay on their feet and walk around the throne once (to intense music), they were deemed the Heir. Mycroft went to Humperdinck’s Heir Making, and had been so bored he almost fell asleep.
That threw Ireni. “All children need love. Even I needed it when I was young.”
The woman’s voice was horrible, and Grezzik could hear Waverly crying. But he didn’t have breath for shouting, only for climbing. So he returned his attention to the wall.
Sherlock let out a loud cry as they leapt forward, and Anderson's answering yell was quickly followed by an almighty roar of people, so loud John stopped in his tracks.
“Does it matter?” The other man shook his head. “Go down, Dr. Watson. It’s over, I swear.”
The doorman let them in without a word, and they got into the elevator. Sherlock typed a code into a keypad, too quickly for John to tell, and they started going up.
“Okay.” John pressed his lips together. “I suppose it wasn’t a projection? It looked solid? I’ve some pretty wicked tricks with fog—”
“You think I’m ready?!” Waverly squealed excitedly.
. And he's right, because when you're in love with him you believe anything he says, because he must be right." Kitty clenched her fists. "And he's taking her out and rubbing her in my face and I'm dancing in costume, in fucking white-face so I doubt she'd recognize me even if she looked at me properly."
“Mycroft, is this your ship?” Watson asked with no small amount of confusion.
Watson pulled him tightly against him, leaning their foreheads together. "And if I do?" he teased. "'What will you do then?"
“If you do want to talk about this another time, we can.”
He was certain he wasn’t on any kind of ship at all.
“Well, it’s Stan, obviously,” John put in. “Did you have a row?”
“Oh, so you were the Man in Black?” the woman—Ireni—asked.
close. He’d worried in the last couple of months that the baby would somehow feel like his, but it didn’t feel that way at all. This baby was family, certainly. But Rachel Molly Hopkins was his granddaughter. Certainly not his daughter.
“Lord Moran,” Janine asked, “knowing what you know about Jamiarty now, do you think he would stop with Guilder?”
"Not for long," Kitty said. "I mean, I'm a working girl, aren't I? She never knew, and it was just too hard to keep a secret, so I lied and said I wasn't into girls anymore. Luckily enough, neither was she. We've stayed friends, sort of—I ring her sometimes." Kitty started picking at her nails. "The last time I called her was about two months ago, and she said that she was seeing someone. Two nights later I was dancing at one of his clubs, and I saw them together."
“Sher, there’s not time for that right now. I’ve been healed, I just need time, alright? It
Well, there you are, the end of 'Have Fun Storming The Castle!' This was awesome to write and awesome to see how people reacted, thanks for all the kudos and comments.
“Why should she? He’s just a boy, he doesn’t need to know!”
"I know," Sherlock said, surprising himself. "I know. I'm sorry."
“Well, not yet, but it’s coming, no?” Queen Chessa looked at Molly. “Come now, child.”
“He’s packing Waverly’s bag,” Sally replied. She was shifting foot to foot, looking uncomfortable wearing boots again. “He remembers more than I do.” She trembled.
But it was selfish,  and they both knew it. They still had their children, still had sometimes-Rachel-sometimes-Billy-Jo, all of the Hooper brood, the new friends they'd made...to wish that they would suffer a double loss was cruel, wasn't it?
Well...okay when I said I would never hurt a smol I meant one you had met. It's...yeah. Sorry about that.
“Molly, there you are!” the giant stood in the courtyard, with five white horses standing around him. “I was looking for you and I couldn’t find you, but I found these lovely horses and I thought they could help us escape. I thought there were five of them and five of us, once we found the Princess. Hello, Princess.”
Not that it mattered now.
John smiled back at him. He wasn’t
“I couldn’t stay,” Molly said. Her arm was around Janine’s waist still, and Janine was playing with her loose hair. “I had to find Count Magnussen.”
“You’re incredible!” He said as she got close enough to push him against the low, crumbling wall.
"With the Devil?" John asked.
Three people entered the room.
Mycroft was surprised to receive a telegram from Scotland Yard that day. Sherlock had taken his husband off to the Downs nearly three months since, and although he’d made an agreement to consult with the Yard, he’d never gotten a telegram. Sherlock’s adopted son tended to come by himself, and they would sit in the Stranger’s Room, talking through the problem.
John had settled his nerves by the time they got to the clearing. The Count was gone, and there was no screaming, so the Machine wasn’t in use.
Kitty leaned against him, her arms still at her sides, but she offered no resistance to the embrace.
“Get to the throne room!” Cerise barked. “Go, niece!”
“You may all have to fight. But you will be safe, that we promise.” John looked at Eria. “Raz worries for you. He said to tell you he loves you.”
John and Sherlock are together again! But now they have to get through the Fire Swamp.
But he had his pride, damn it, and he wasn't going to stop his...what was the proper word for what Watson was to him? He wasn't going to stop John from having a good Christmas. So Holmes didn't respond to the letter and made arrangements to take the train home at the latest possible time Christmas Eve.
He also saw a chance.
“Then keep loving her, and she will teach you how to care for her.”
Holmes lifted Watson’s hands to his lips and kissed them reverently. “As ever Watson, you are a conductor of light.”
“It will someday,” Watson said. He shared a look with Holmes, eyes raised, clearly thinking of the same night. “But Holmes is right, Mycroft, what is the point?”
"I AM HIM!" Moriarty's howl split the morning quiet. "He is me, I am him—we're two freaks against the entire world, dancing in the same hellfire! He should never have thought about anyone else. But you, you were the player I didn't anticipate. The third wheel. We were supposed to destroy each other, Watson. Now I'll watch you destroy him."
“Watson, clear my plate.”
Finally, the music started, everyone stood up just like in films, and John blinked away tears as his daughter came down the aisle, Sherlock at her side. Kitty’s dress was strapless, satin to her just above her knee and a filmy fabric flowing down to her calves. In her heels, she was nearly as tall as Sherlock. But it was her face that was lovely, her smile so bright when she looked at Stan that John knew her doubts were gone. They were happy, and strong, and they were together.
The count left the house with his purse full. “The man attacked me, and I defended myself.”
I sure hope nothing bad happens because of that.
mad).
“Mycroft,” Holmes growled. “Of all the irritating, insulting—”
Riley nodded. Stam could see her smiling under her gag.
It took a few telegrams and one long phone call (“hang the expense”) to determine that Mycroft was indeed recovering from a terrible bout of pneumonia. Mycroft’s health improved as the summer approached.
“For the Princess? To the death?”
She left once her wounds were healed and began to travel. She learned the art of the sword, but so much more than that. She learned to be strong, to be fast, to keep her head in the gravest crisis and to channel her pain into combating weariness.
It was perfectly silent in the hall, except for Cerise’s muffled sobs.
Then everything was brought sharply, squeakily into focus with a misjudged slip of the hand, a meeting of eyes, and the violin fell silent with surprise and a dawning horror.
I thought for a moment. “Those who read my stories are aware that I once had a brother. It would be no great stretch if I had another, but if he had died young, leaving a widow and a small child…and then, upon the tragic loss of her mother, the child, now grown, came to London…”
The next morning there were cold meats and warm eggs and coffee (Watson could cook a little bit), and a promise to dine with Mycroft at his home later that evening was revealed, an invitation that hadn't been extended since an incident with the turkey that Holmes had to swear would not be repeated. Gifts were opened: Holmes' large package was a brand new set of commonplace books of various sizes, perfect for any type of note taking, while Watson was charmed by his new inks, all in various colours.
Holmes brushed Watson’s words away. “Come along, get dressed and be quiet about it,” he said. “We mustn’t wake Mrs. Hudson.”
What does that mean? Well, when I get to the end of the list I'll be marking this series as complete (probably until season 4 comes out at least). So if you've got any prompts you want to give now, send them to me by all means! I'd just like to have an idea of how many chapters I have left so I can do some planning. Prompts will be open for sure until I'm done posting things (and I'll let you know when that's coming up).
Then the song came back with wrathful, grief stricken vengeance, a punishment for daring to hope for happiness. The same violin that had played a wedding waltz now moaned and wailed, angry with itself, angry with the world, weeping for a love not understood nor allowed.
“And what was yours?” John asked, squaring his shoulders even as his heart sank. He had a strange feeling he knew what was coming; the feeling that had pressed on him for months now, that they'd been missing something obvious.
“We can’t ask Jamiarty for help!” John snapped. “We have no ground, and if we let him know that we know his plan, he’ll go to war anyways. His advantage is gone.”
“Thank you.” Sherlock stood. “We will protect them all,” he added. “But Cerise deserves the justice of knowing her daughter’s fate first.”
“And then my ears, of course!”
John has terrible memories of being alone in a hospital, and refuses to let Sherlock be in them by himself. Sherlock thinks visiting hours are dull. They generally end up sleeping on a cot because the nurses give up.
And with that, the rest of the day; indeed, the rest of the visit went by without another mention. Billy asked no questions, and only complained when they were being too ‘fluttery’. The rest of the time he was just being twelve and climbing too high in trees and asking dozens of questions and nearly (near enough for John to swear) burning down the cottage when he and Holmes tried to bake a soufflé. (In Holmes’ defense, he’d watched people do it dozens of times, how hard could it be?)
Cheers, Acme
“No, Jamiarty. Looks like I’ve found my limit at last.” Moran cleared his throat. “Jamiarty mentioned a poison called eliswhite. It fills the lungs with dust, causing the victim to cough and their head to burn with fever. Its telltale sign is the remarkable pallor of the skin of the victims, no matter their colour in life.”
On a more complicated note...I realized after I posted the Kitty arc last week that I've screwed up the modern timeline for sure, and quite possibly the Victorian (that one is more salvageable). It's not by much, but a few events are off by a couple of years. My question is...does that bother anyone? I can go back and edit if it does, but if it doesn't then we'll go Doyle rules--where the timeline doesn't make total sense, you can't date everything, but there is a clear idea of 'x' comes before 'y' (like who's married, who has children, etc.). Let me know either way!
He stayed beside Sherlock until morning, when his partner woke, migraine mercifully gone.
Tossing the phone away, John stepped up on the ledge. He was going to step forward looking straight ahead, back straight and head held high. Dying as a soldier, because even now he didn’t know how to die as a lover.
Cheers,
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Apparently Donovan found a thumb.” Another pause. “A left one.”
“I'm sorry,” Sherlock whispered. “I wanted—well, when this plan was made, I thought you wouldn't care.”
“I’m telling you, Seb might be loyal to the Prince, but the guards are loyal to him. They’re scared of him, too. They’ll leave me alone, and if they don’t…” Stam drew a wicked looking knife from his belt. “I trained with Seb. I’ll defend John until he can fight himself.”
“One of the linen closets for guests,” Sherlock explained. “They hang those bunches of herbs to make everything smell nice.”
All great stories come to their end. Warnings for major character death.
Hope you enjoyed! I wanted to give Ireni more backstory, because it does inform some of her actions.
“And we need to do it smartly.” Philip tapped his arm. “Sherlock, you and I could go to Florin. If we keep Moran and Riley here, it should be safe enough, and I can disguise you.”
Maria fell to her knees. “Kill me quickly.”
“She’s getting further away,” Grezzik said. He closed his eyes, concentrating. “I don’t know if I could track her, though.”
But why not make the guest room a regular bedroom? Was it because of him, or his parents? Billy wouldn’t mind sleeping on the sofa, and Mum and Dad could get rooms in the village—it wasn’t that far, after all.
Watson had crossed to the shelves and was looking through the books. To his shock, he found his book of stories from his childhood, the ones his mother had read to him before she died of fever. He opened it and traced the letters, trying to take it all in.
“I don’t know,” John whispered. “I truly don’t. But if you promise to believe that I will rescue you…”
“Is this about before I was born? All your adventures?”
“Not in so many words.”
A shower of light shot across the sky.
“Riley is one of Jamiarty’s guards. She and I…we were friends. I led her to believe we were more.”
John nodded tightly. Sherlock pulled him close. “It’s alright, John.”
This is set two weeks after 'The Worth Of A Wound'
John looked up at him, and smiled. “We are men of action. Lies do not become us.”
He’d been expecting a tall tower, but instead Sherlock led him to a small room not far from the library. The room was stuffed with blankets and pillows of all sort, and there was a wondrous smell in the air.
Moriarty was Holmes’ equal in one important way; he never fully understood that the doctor loved the detective just as fiercely.
“Correct,” Watson said; there was hardly any point in lying. “I would not risk Holmes’ safety, nor he mine.”
Cheers,
“I have no one here,” Lestrade said, “and I will miss the London news.”
So as some of you might have guessed, I'm pulling heavily from the first chapter of Buttercup's Baby (the only one published thus far). There's not a ton of material, but I will be incorporating all of it, in different ways.
“But you never killed the innocent.”
“You’ve apologized already. I did hear you.”
Prince Jamiarty laughed. “Even better! I don’t want it.”
I was worried about this one, since explicitness isn't really my thing, but I realized that it was an important time to cover, so thanks again to merlynnllwyd for the request.
"I suppose."
"No." Rachel wiped her eyes and lifted her chin. "But I'll...I'll try." Her lips trembled. "Goodbye Grandfather John." She kissed Holmes' cheek. "Goodbye, Grandfather Sherlock. I'll be the best dancer ever, I promise." She got off the bed and ran out of the room.
Watson blushed. “Well  now I fear that you and I will be discovered and imprisoned for our sins.”
“I want to marry Janine.”
Well, this marks the end of this story, which makes me a little bit sad; it was fun to write, and fun to see everyone react, especially to cliffhangers :) If you're interested in the Supernatural fandom, I'll be starting a new story on Saturday. I will come back to Sherlock, though it'll be a few months most likely. I'm also open to writing oneshots in this verse, and who knows? I might write another story if I can figure out a good plot.
(See the end of the chapter for
She couldn’t lose that purpose now. It was all that was keeping her alive, all that was propelling her, maybe, someday, towards the six-fingered man.
“Am I not, as the older brother, meant to embarrass you as well?”
"Where's Mr. Holmes?" Kitty asked when she'd limped into the kitchen.
"Kitty, come on down already!"
John shrugged. "If you want to stay that's fine. I just want to know if I'm going to have to make a hasty exit if my partner  gets caught snooping through old cold cases or something."
(See the end of the chapter for
“We don’t have to use both of them, you know,” Watson said quietly, startled by a sudden lump in his throat.
Holmes was the first one up the next day. He smiled as John snored next to him; he hadn’t lied to Billy exactly. He knew that John snored, but it never bothered him.
“I don’t mean that.” John cast his mind around, desperate to reassure Sherlock. “For example, are you sure that it was a real dog? Could it be an animatronic?”
“Not all their reactions were.”
"Himself is taking a day off tomorrow, which is lovely. We'll be able to take a trip together." Molly glanced over at Kitty. "Hello! John said your name was Kitty?"
“We ate the same food and drank the same things,” Sherlock mumbled. He pulled himself to the sink and began to wash his hands. “Why aren’t you going mad?”
"You two haven't—there's no way, you're both grown men!"
“Yes.”
Miss Winter smiled at me. “I’m proud of that name…Uncle. And you’d better call me Kitty; I’ve always hated ‘Kate’, that’s what an awful great-aunt of mine called me.”
Thank God or whoever was in charge of this place they didn’t dress alike.
“Am I? You’ve beaten my giant which means that you’re strong, and therefore would risk putting poison in your own goblet, which means that I cannot choose the wine in front of you. But you also bested Maria, which means you must have studied, and in studying you would have found out that man is mortal, which means I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me!”
Holmes tilted his head. “What do you think about bees?” He laughed at Watson’s befuddled expression. “You may have your garden, of course. I was thinking of a cottage I saw a few months back during that case in Sussex.”
Holmes stiffened. Something was wrong. It was entirely possible that Mycroft owned a ship, but clippers were more often used for trade than pleasure. Where were they going?
“Yes.”
Then he thought of something—something he’d longed to do for years, but never quite dared, no matter what else they’d done.
The King followed her gaze. “You’ve brought friends, too. How splendid. We can have a feast!” Then his eyes fell on the bundle tied to Sally’s chest, and his eyes softened. “Oh my…”
And she threw the child with all her strength. The bundle sailed over Grezzik’s head, and he caught a glimpse of Waverly’s face, smiling at him.
Holmes has a letter tucked away among his commonplace books that is for Watson’s eyes alone. He truly hopes that Watson will never read it; his husband has already had to lose him once, but at least he’ll have a written record of how much he loves him.
“Yes. It forces a person to give a truthful answer, a fully truthful one.” Janine grimaced.
I exchanged a quick glance with my husband. “It’s lovely that you two are getting along,” I said finally. “Hopkins is a friend of ours.”
“You already know it. And so does Jamiarty. That’s why your table is so much farther away from the others. He placed you there on purpose, didn’t he? To torture you even more. You are Carla’s mother.”
“Oh…Sherlock, he won’t.”
“Sure.” Billy looked up and seemed to notice how close they were together. “Oh no, you’re not going to be all fluttery like Mum and Dad, are you?”
Kitty shrugged. “I dunno if anything is wrong, Dad. I’m just…not sure about something.”
"I know some excellent dragon games," Kitty said seriously, leading them into the living room. "Now, I was in a bit of a battle with a dragon last night, so you and your brother will have to do most of the leaping, but it'll be fun all the same..."
Kitty’s glare faltered. “No. I…I want to ask him.”
Moran left, and before he did Sherlock had moved across the room. There were daggers on the Prince’s desk.
There were twenty people in the room, chained back to back. They all wore the same plain, brown dress, and they looked terrified.
Sherlock backed off, placing one last kiss on his husband’s—his
“The Pit of Despair.”
Sherlock had woken hours ago and was doing research in the London library while Molly and Janine tried to bathe Sally, to give her some kind of hold on herself, some hope that she wouldn’t always hurt so much. But at sunset, Sherlock came back empty-handed.
John shook his hand. "Best of luck to you and your family, Arthur, no matter what you decide."
John swallowed a wave of nausea, and put up his hands. “I’m here to help you,” he promised. “My name is John.”
There will be a short epilogue up tomorrow, I had some loose ends to tie up.
“Miss Watson, you left your bag at the station.”
“I checked the birth announcements,” Sherlock said. “Sally’s birth was included twenty-five years ago. No father was named, but the announcement was written in the king’s own hand.”
Mike proposed to Molly in the middle of the night, when he woke up from a dream that involved licorice, pink elephants and a rather large tuba. To this day they can’t figure it out, but those all made their way into their wedding favours.
“She doesn’t have to,” Sherlock snapped. “Across the Channel lies a very important place indeed—the Cliffs of Insanity.”
Sherlock bowed his head.
That detail, a throwaway sentence to anyone else, explained everything.
“You’ll have to lead the way, love,” John said. “I don’t remember much of the castle layout.”
“Watson, fetch me my pipe.”
Fire blazed up his body, and the pain made him flinch, just enough for a powerful wind to sweep Waverly right out of his arm and to the woman. Waverly was crying, clearly trying to scream, her little arms stretching out for him.
Still grumpy, John nevertheless accepted a kiss. “I’ll beat you next year,” he promised.
“I made Sally my Heir because she is a more suitable ruler,” the King answered. “Even without the charges against you.”
“Here comes the beginning of the end,” John muttered. “Come on love, here we go.”
Kitty didn’t even smile. “And…well, I’m getting a bit older, and we thought that if we wanted to have…I mean we’re doing alright now and…”
"Probably not. Sher will come around, though. I think he's just startled." John was still chuckling, but his voice had turned much warmer. "So...you and Mycroft, eh? How long?"
Three people came out from behind a tree. One was a Spaniard woman, bright hair cut short. The second was, quite simply, a giant: he was nearly as tall as Sherlock was on the horse. The third was a woman, quite as beautiful as Sherlock himself, for those who noticed those things.
Had Sherlock actually meant…well, what he seemed to have meant?
“She is no whore!” Anderson snarled. “None of you are whores.”
"Hope you weren't always watching," John muttered. Sherlock fought very hard not to blush. “So it was…it was you?”
“Should we stay here until the others come?” John asked. It was almost dawn, and he knew there was no chance before sunset, and that there would be a signal.
A high, eerie wail filled the air.
“I love you too, Sherlock.” Watson reached up and took his hand, held it close, fingers brushing over the wedding band.
“You want to go for a walk in the middle of the night,” Watson said slowly. “Where?”
“Then do enlighten me, Holmes.” Watson put on his most intent, I-am-listening-to-you-Holmes face. Holmes despised that face, but he was too irritated to care that Watson was indulging his ludicrous sense of humour.
But Watson didn't hear, and kept calling. Eventually, with Stan's help, Holmes managed to put his hand in Watson's, which finally calmed him. It was dawn before either man fell asleep.
This is part 2 of the Mystrade Christmas special, set just after chapter 14. John and Sherlock are just back from their honeymoon.
“Very,” Holmes agreed, still looking about for signs of trouble.
Holmes stepped closer and wrapped wiry arms around him. “I need you, John. The work has been secondary for years. You know that.”
For Holmes and Watson's, see chapter 19, 'The Song'.
But she’d been delayed several seconds. Several seconds, just long enough for the Count to grab a sharp, three sided dagger and be ready.
“Take her to the dungeons,” Mycroft ordered. “Keep her in that chair, and lock her far away from Moran.”
“Shouldn’t we wait for Uncle Sherlock and Uncle John?” Waverly asked Papa.
“You don’t get made Detective Inspector for nothing, Mycroft.”
So this is an immediate continuation from the last chapter.
“That I can swear to. And none of the Inner Council know either. If Jamiarty had known she could…well, do all that…”
A short while later, they were at a cottage. Maria pounded on the door.
“They’ll know we’ll head there first.”
“And it’s even better if he tells everyone that you were captured attempting to recover his…property.” Janine’s teeth clenched on the last word. That hurt to say, but diplomacy meant speaking the enemy’s language until you could choke them with their words.
Five minutes later, Sherlock was back with tea. Kitty was now curled on the sofa, hands shaking so badly she could barely hold her mug.
His father was a lawman, and he worried deeply about his large son. He wanted Grezzik to be happy, but they lived in a tiny Turkish town, and Grezzik would never fit in there. So when a travelling performance group came to town, he asked if Grezzik could join them.
“Well I already know, don’t I? He’s been your husband for ages!”
“I do.”
“I never knew how varied the climate was in Florin,” Molly panted. Her hair was damp with sweat. “It almost feels like Spain.”
The woman didn’t answer.
"Yeah, but either way it's still a defenestration. It doesn't matter what side of the window you're on."
Not ten minutes later, Watson came downstairs, his legs threatening to give out from the peculiar combination of joy and exhaustion that accompanied every delivery.
“It’s alright, love. I’m right here. I’m so sorry.”
“Yeah, but we couldn’t tell at first,” John replied. He took his husband’s hand. “I think you got the better end.”
“And who are they going to believe?” Janine asked, her voice like silk. “A Prince that no one loves, or the word of several honourable men and women?”
“Grezzik can get there fast, can’t you?” Sherlock asked.
Molly turned her head to see King Lotharon standing up. He came towards her, and Molly moved aside. Gone was the relaxed King of the summer palace, and gone too was the feeble-in-mind-and-body old man she’d glimpsed before they kidnapped Sherlock. This man was a King, with his wits about him and his duty on his mind, a twilight years ruler ready to serve.
“Not too good though,” Uncle Sherlock said, tapping her nose.
"Why not? Kitty obviously can't go, and it needs to be done. Besides, I've got an advantage you two don't have."
He lifted John’s hand, and his face went gray.
“I don’t know. Jamiarty never said, and the King never said a word about her. Neither of his daughters, actually.”
Still holding onto Sherlock, John cleared his throat. “No I won't, because I'm going with you.”
“You know, every time you say it out loud it sounds stranger,” John answered thoughtfully.
When their daughter Martha died at three months from the influenza that swept the city, Mary was almost relieved when she woke up with a deep ache in her bones as well as her heart.
I. Owe. You.
“The sun will rise soon,” Mycroft said. Everyone went silent. “You all know what we must do, and the cost of failure. May the Powers bless our efforts, and I hope to see you all soon.” His eyes flickered to Sherlock.
“Hells, no! I’m too careful.”
But then his granddads looked at each other, and Billy wasn't quite so sure.
Kitty took their hands as Stan came into the room, his eyes red. “Don’t you worry about anything. It…it must give you some comfort, to know when it’s coming?”
Sherlock laughed. It wasn’t a happy sound. “Ah yes, borderline sociopathic tendencies, addictive tendencies…”
John stayed there, though as he was still unconscious, he didn't know it yet.
Russell Square Gardens was not an ordinary place for weddings, but John insisted— “one of the most important conversations I’ve ever had happened here,” and Mike agreed, very glad that he'd taken a walk on his lunch that January day—and when you’re marrying the British Government’s little brother, rules can be bent with the greatest of ease.
Mycroft looked up at him, relief in his eyes. “Then you accept?”
Sherlock saw John kneel in front of him, and grinned. It was all he could do to hold Jamiarty down; the Prince was straining with all his force. John put his hands over Sherlock’s, and the pressure eased.
“Grezzik, be a dear and drag the prisoner for me? He won’t wake up from that until I let him, so no need for gentleness.”
“Try some tea and honey, that should help the last of it.”
“And Molly can protect Molly,” Molly snapped. She stood. “We’ll go, and we’ll bring Waverly back.”
“I beat you both apart, I’ll take you both together!”
“Yes?”
John, the mask had come off in the tumble and it was his face, his eyes clear, his gentle smile, though it looked worried now. He crawled over to Sherlock quickly.
“You’re up, thank goodness! The hot plate just went.” Mrs. Hudson put the tray down and drew them both into a tight embrace. “I’ve been so worried. Is that reptile gone for good?”
“That’s sufficient,” Sherlock managed before he started giggling, and then John started laughing with him and crying at the same time, and they kissed between giggles, holding onto each other as tightly as they could.
"What's the matter?" John was shaking with rage. "Don't want a spectacle made out of yourself? You've made this lad's day difficult, you wanker. Allow me to return the favour."
Mycroft nodded. “Then we’d better get in place, though that shouldn’t take long.”
“Thank you, but I will not be staying long.” The man looked exhausted. “I have decided to retire from the Yard.”
"You'll be talking to him in his collector's room, it's where all his special acquisitions are. The book has to be there somewhere." Sherlock's voice was strained. "Molly, are you sure?"
Sherlock helped her to a chair. “Sit, your Highness. You know that they’ll bring Waverly as fast as they can.”
"So he needs to get rid of Kitty."
Grezzik grinned as he leapt from the wheelbarrow and ran at the soldiers, who scattered screaming. Molly and Stam leapt out, ready to fight, but there was no one. Grezzik tossed off the flaming cloak and helped John up, supporting the man as they approached the gate. Moran was yelling at his men to stand firm, but even he gulped as they approached.
"It's a manga and an anime."
******
He had no heart anymore, otherwise it would have broken then and there.
“Sally. Eat.”
Oh wow, I am so sorry! I got wrapped up with homework and house work yesterday and I forgot to post! Don't worry, the next chapter will be up tomorrow.
John looked at Sherlock, startled. “Well, it was finally made legal, so we thought we should go for it. We’d already been together over five years, so it didn’t change much, but we had a grand time.”
Billy laughed. "You're not old, Grandad Sherlock. Uncle Mycroft is old, you're loads younger."
“Alright,” Greg replied. “Don’t fuss, John, I’ll figure out a good one.”
“You’re assuming something,” Moran said. He looked…almost ashamed. Mycroft was surprised; he didn’t think the Lord was capable.
“That’s not true,” Sherlock snapped. “That was never true.”
“Wouldn't care? Of course—Sher, dear, I always cared. Always.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"If that's what you want to do, you should talk it over with Marge," John answered. He'd no children, of course, but he could understand the love in Bradstreet's eyes. "If she agrees...you're a brilliant policeman, Bradstreet, and it'd be a shame if you left, but this is about what's best for you and your family."
Raz nodded. “Help them, will you? Eria…well, she’s been promised to me.”
Sherlock said nothing about the inaccuracies of having only happy, cheerful herbivores.
He knew he’d have to say it again, maybe a thousand times before John would believe it, but he’d say it every day for the rest of their lives if he had to.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not at all,” Sherlock said, finding his voice. “I imagine the two of you met some time ago?”
“I’ve been practicing.”
But the listener insisted, and the master obeyed. He sang softly, spinning them around their home, stepping carefully, hiding nothing, missing nothing. He watched his listener's face as they danced, singing their life together into a dance.
“Of course there isn’t,” Miracle Max stumbled over his words. “True love is the best thing there is, except for MLTs. You know, mutton, lettuce and tomato sandwiches? But that’s not what he said! He said ‘to blave’, which means to bluff! So you were probably playing games, and he cheated—”
“It’s what he did many years ago, your Majesty,” Ireni answered. “When he killed your daughter.”
After a few pumps, Miracle Max took it out. “Hey, HELLO IN THERE! What’s so important? What you got worth living for?”
“Sherlock, we can trust him. We could trust Rachel, for heaven’s sake. Why not a boy who’s proven himself worthy of a secret?”
“That depends on what you’re controlling. I can ensure that the child will be healthy, but other parts need more time. What are you thinking?”
Molly smiled, her doubts gone, and she knelt with Janine’s hands in hers. “One day, our children will ask for our story. And we will tell them that we loved at the wrong time once, and then found each other again when it was right. And we will tell them that you asked me to ask you for your hand. And they may call us foolish.” Molly let go just long enough to take the box from her belt. Inside was a simple beaded bracelet, one she’d carried for ten years. She’d bought it in Guilder just before she left, hoping she could use it one day.
“I didn’t mean to make him wait,” Mary said, stricken.
That confirmed Moran’s story.
Faithful Skull was waiting for him, and Sherlock swung himself up for his daily ride. He rode hard that day; Skull hardly had to be told to go faster. If was as if he sensed his master’s turmoil.
If anyone has any questions, feel free to ask!
John nearly shot Moriarty on sight. He didn't have his gun, which would have made that difficult, but that was merely a detail.
Greg’s never been too keen on sex (that was part of his troubles with his ex-wife). To his relief, Mycroft isn’t either. When they do sleep together, it’s passionate and loving and everything it’s supposed to be…but honestly, one time can hold them for months.
John kept quiet as Count Magnussen began attaching suction cups to his chest, his arms, his legs, his hands and feet, and either side of his head.
“I beg your pardon?”
Kitty flinched. John groaned.
The first attempt had failed, but you didn’t give up on a prize like war with Guilder because of a common pirate. Now Watson was in the Count’s clutches, and the kingdom had grown to adore Sherlock, to believe in their love story. The outrage and grief when Sherlock was strangled on their wedding night would be beautiful. It really had worked out for the best.
As gravely as two foreign dignitaries at a state supper, they picked up their glasses, clinked them together, and sipped.
“I need to feed Waverly.” Now that the moment was here, Sally wanted to run a thousand miles away.
“I cannot marry you. I love John, and always have. I have tried, I have, but believe me, if you tell me I must marry you in three weeks, believe that I will be dead by morning.”
Sherlock nodded into John’s hair. “Thank you,” he whispered.
Sherlock paced around the lab, Molly watching him and twisting her hands. The body was ready to be moved, Mike was waiting outside with his car. John should be here by now.
His husband was observing the bees, a ridiculous looking contraption protecting his head and neck. He waved a hand, still focused on the hives.
“That’s right.” Grezzik frowned. “And wouldn’t Prince Jamiarty know that?”
Sherlock drew John back, holding him against his chest. “I believe John has found the better solution, Mycroft. This changes little, you know.”
“You’ve always been so kind, and I won’t be seeing you again, since I’m killing myself.”
“Stop playing with me,” he snapped.
Thinking had never come easy to Grezzik, but by the time they reached their destination the rain had stopped and Grezzik had an idea.
Greg went white. "Sherlock?"
Then everyone sprang into action. Martha took the baby from Grezzik and began to wash her down, and Max and John began to sew Sally up. Sally had awakened, somehow, but she didn’t seem to be in pain. She held Anderson’s hand weakly. “Our son?” she rasped.
John took his hands. “Right. Well, I had three reasons. Reason one—well, I wanted us to have a good memory involving a rooftop.” He winced as his partner flinched, gripped his hands tighter. “And that’s…well, that’s tied to the second reason, as unpleasant as it was. That day.”
; words like
The man did, and jerked away. He stepped back and launched his shoulder against Grezzik’s stomach. He bounced off, swearing.
“You are ready?”
Right now, he had someone else to talk to.
Jamiarty glared at his friend. “Seb—”
Sally gulped, and held Waverly tight. “Am I…am I your daughter?”
"Okay. Don't worry, dear, I'll get you home."
“We never meant to be apart in the first place.” John took Sherlock’s hand. “And we shan’t be again.”
The witch was flying.
The only person who truly wasn't worried about the imminent return of 'Consulting Detectives Inc.' was DI Lestrade.
"Quite likely," John agreed. He twitched the curtains shut as best he could.
Carefully, ready to withdraw the second she wanted, John drew Kitty up and into his arms, cradling her against his chest. "You've had a bad go of it, Kitty," he whispered. "And I know that finding hope once you've lost it is the hardest thing to do, but you'll find it. You will. This will pass."
“Yes.”
It was during a "mandatory paperwork session, come on you two, if you're going to help with cases, you have to help with the paperwork" night that John glanced over at his partner and saw him squinting.
Sherlock sighed. It was a good thing Sally would be the Heir; Anderson needed things explained too much. “You are the Princess’ Consort, and John can protect you better than I can. Besides, I know the palace well. And Raz already trusts me.”
Sherlock looked at her, startled.
“He received a bonus recently, and he decided to invest in real estate. My brother’s feeling his age, I suppose.”
“I don’t believe it.”
“To the death. The only reason I took the baby is because it wouldn’t hurt his plans. I would miss him, but he doesn’t need me.”
She, Sally of House Donovan, was the King’s daughter.
“I do.”
Jim never let himself love Sebastian Moran. Why love something you knew you had to throw away, no matter how loyal?
He went up for the funeral, speaking quietly to everyone. Sherlock and his husband had come up as well, faces lined with grief, but Mycroft couldn’t bear to look at them. Later perhaps, in the spring, once he could face the depth of his loss…but for now looking at his brother’s happiness, his brother’s love standing with him, was too hard.
Once he was one of them, he'd test that theory further.
“It’s you,” she whispered, looking up at the giant.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I ought to tell you something,” the man grunted.
“Let me put it this way. I was told that not only were my feelings valid, but they were returned…and I was told this by myself.”
“We don’t need to ask him.” Sherlock was pacing quicker now. “We need to think like Riley.”
“Do you hear that sound, Highness?” Ireni called to him. “Those are the Shrieking Eels.”
“I don’t know why you would. But I’m done with this land. I’ve only stayed because of my cousin, but if he’s thrown his lot in with a man like Jamiarty…I cannot stand here and see that happen.”
“You’re trying to make me give something away. It won’t work.” But there was nervousness in the man in black’s eyes now, and Ireni could see it. The Princess shifted restlessly, but Ireni wasn't paying attention.
“Have you been hunting me down ever since? And now you’ve failed, after twenty years? That’s the worst thing I’ve ever heard of. How marvelous.”
Sally's worry over Waverly gets the better of her, and she and Miracle Max have a talk. And they discover something shocking in her past.
It was a joke between them, a come-on for Sherlock to use his “bloody brilliant” powers and coax the information out of his silent but smiling lover. It was fun, although apparently it ranged from ‘adorable’ to ‘vomit-inducing’ in public.
“Through my mind? John, I doubt you truly want to know.”
“Not to fifty!” the Count shouted, but it was too late.
The albino coughed. “Yes, sorry about that. I’ve had no voice for two weeks. With the miracle man gone, I’ve had to wait it out.”
Billy threw his arms around Mummy's neck. Mummy was brilliant.
Prince Jamiarty snapped out of it. “Good man. I knew I could depend on you. I want the Thieves’ Quarters emptied.”
“Sherlock, at least say hello,” John scolded. “Hello, you two. What is it?”
Of course. John felt a wave of remorse. Had their Lestrade even known?
“Will that get you in the door in London?” Lady Culverton asked. She was the coolest head on the Council. “I don’t believe Duke Mycroft approves of slavery.”
Carin stared at them. “Why? What does her memory have to do with this?”
"It wasn't me," Sherlock said. "Call an ambulance." He snatched up the book and glared down at the security guard. " Tell them they needn't hurry."
Ireni moved to the side of the Cliffs and screamed in frustration. “He didn’t fall?! Inconceivable!”
“Thank you.” Sally waited for Grezzik to help her down, so she caught the interested look between Kate and Ireni. Shame there wasn’t time for that. Kate might be up for that challenge.
John’s eyes flickered towards the albino. “So that’s your name.”
“Stan, I don’t know if you want this. Not with me.”
Miracle Max sighed. He took the pill and gave it to Maria. “I want him back in one piece.”
This one is very bittersweet, so read it with some tea. It takes place both in the past and immediately after chapter 48 (I borrowed SPN's 'then' and 'now' for clarity's sake)
"Is it really?" Sherlock looked contrite. "But you knew it, didn't you?"
“Well that’s—hey, that was meant to be a secret!”
“We’ll meet in the morning,” Grezzik told them. “Mycroft and the others will be here by then.”
Stam went upstairs, almost hoping that his cousin would call after him, but he didn’t.
“Can’t afford to make exceptions, I’m afraid. Otherwise everyone expects it, and then it’s work, work all the time.”
“That’s your only option, if you don’t want war.” Riley smiled. “Sherlock, at least, knows how important Seb and I are to Jamiarty. Why do you think he sent us? It would be harder for him to argue if he sent Lord Woodley or Lady Hope. They aren’t that close. Come now, Princess, don’t be stupid.”
"If you'd cut her off there she would have stopped inquiring," Sherlock answered. "Why didn't you tell her why we haven't consummated our relationship?"
“What could I say, John? He was right. You knew as much.”
“And we don’t want to start a civil war in Florin,” Molly pointed out. “Which might happen even if Jamiarty doesn’t go to war.”
The storm raging outside was making the lights flicker, but Kitty was utterly silent.
“Sher?” John called, worried.
“So he never wrote about it until later,” Stam mused. “Perhaps he thought he was out of danger by then.”
Her father chuckled. “No, child. You might have to bend slightly. You get your height from your mother.”
"I've never had cause or desire," Holmes replied. And Watson could tell he meant it. "You're the only person I've ever felt like this for, and I...I want this. I do. And I've been able to push it aside,  because you're right, it's been too dangerous, but now I want it and...what if I cannot? What if I simply cannot show you physically how much I love you?"
Then John smiled and Holmes knew exactly what he should say.
From a distance, he heard the sound of footsteps…heard shouting…was that someone calling his name? John opened his eyes and looked up. “I think they found me?”
Stan calls John Dad by accident. A few weeks later, he calls Sherlock Dad on purpose.
A dark, gloomy night had descended on London. Watson scoffed at the sky before he followed Holmes inside. If he chose to write this case down, he would have to leave that detail out, for fear people would call him cliché. After all, the sky rarely reflects the moods of mortals so perfectly.
Not, of course, before they danced with their daughter and son to a Celine Dion song Stan had insisted on
Hello everyone! Happy almost the bloody end of 2016, we've almost made it!
The albino shook his head. “You must be very brave, but nobody withstands the Machine.”
For a moment Stam felt sick. His cousin—the only person who’d ever been kind to him despite his albinism—stood in a cell, full of secrets. Full of Jamiarty’s secrets.
The story came out slowly, including several detours and one long, impassioned scolding about “not telling me the neighbours were assassins!” Sherlock took the time to eat his whole plate, even stealing John’s last piece of toast.
the image.”
"Nor did I," Greg admitted. "I don't think it's all men, either...I think it's just him."
The Royal Road went through London for a mile to the north, and they headed that way. Waverly was quiet, tucked against her mother’s chest, and none of the adults spoke either. It was a dull way to ride, but they had no choice. Once they were on the Road they were under Jamiarty’s jurisdiction once again. Disguise was useless for Grezzik, but a touch of magic made him seem just tall, rather than gigantic. The three women were wrapped in thick cloaks. It would have to be enough.
“That soon?” Greg took a quick look at his calendar. “Barring a second Jack the Ripper, we should be fine. We should ask them about a specific date.”
He was gone before he had a chance to cry out, slipping through the sand and falling, drifting down and down. It felt like a supremely itchy cloud, and Sherlock extended his arms and legs and held his breath. He felt absurdly calm. There was nothing he could do right now; the one survivor’s account of the Snow Sand had explained that. Either John could save him, or he would die.
Cheers,
“We went digging in the Pit of Despair,” John told Jamiarty. There was no humour in his voice, only a cold, grim anger. “We found the remains of a human child, and this bracelet.”
“I don’t think so. If they’re here, then we’ll hear from them. And if not…”
"I'll keep that in mind," John said sincerely, privately thinking that his own migraines left him too nauseous to drink. He'd see how Sherlock felt.
“They’ve gone in,” Jamiarty said in disbelief. “Where is he taking my Princess?”
that’s brilliant! The title is what scares people, isn’t it?”
“Sally! How are you?”
He passed Waverly to her. Sally drank in the sight of her baby—still wearing the same clothes, still the same smile, still
“This is why I told you we should ask him,” Holmes confided to Miss Winter. “The good doctor has always been a tale-spinner.”
“Why does Mycroft not have your number, Sherlock?” John asked.
Warnings for violence and people being mean to John and Watson.
“And what are they?” Holmes managed.
"This is none of your business," John hissed. No one was watching them, but he felt his face grow hot. Thank god for ridiculously loud music.
Mary Watson.
“Then how have I hurt you?”
“It’s alright, Sherlock. I know.” John rubbed his back. “We can figure that out later. Right now you’re ill, and I’m going to take care of you.”
"Go to sleep, my dear John. I love you."
The next robe was deep green, embroidered with plants and trees. “As ruler you must be like the forest. You must give shelter to your people, give them security and tools, and provide peace of mind. Do you accept?”
“Together or separately?”
“Do I bring it back?”
Four months before the five hundredth anniversary of Florin, the messengers went out, officially announcing the betrothal of Prince Jamiarty to Princess Sherlock of London.
“What is it?” Maria asked.
“Three years ago. It was the
The world went cold. "Sherlock."
They held still for a moment, arms around each other.
She was leading her old crowd and the mother and child down to the stables. The stable hand jumped to attention.
The plan was perfect, of course. Mycroft's people were going to have a difficult job proving that 'Richard Brook'—Rich Brook, Reichenbach, aren't you so clever Jim—wasn't real, but the damage done to Sherlock's reputation was going to be harder still. Even though this was Sherlock and Mycroft's plan (though Moriarty didn't know it yet), John could see the pain in Sherlock's face as Kitty gloated.
“And you are?” The King asked.
Neither Kitty nor Stan was in a rush, and Sherlock did go a bit overboard in the planning stage, but the wedding did finally happen. Four years to the day after Stan and Kitty met (the real day, as John observed), they rented out a gorgeous hall in Bristol
Grezzik hesitated for an instant, and then he nodded. "Yes, Ireni."
“Thank you. I will not be returning.”
The bracelet fit perfectly.
Molly knew that was true. She’d seen Grezzik collapse after days of walking, slump forward, and continue the walk on his hands, holding the balance perfectly.
This story will update every other day, so stay tuned for more!
Grandfather Sherlock laughed a bit, but he still looked a bit nervous. “If he does I’ve never noticed. Now, come along. Your grandfather’s got luncheon ready.”
“John,” Holmes asked softly. “Do you want this?”
Widower...
For once the listener had no words. He traced the notes one by one, translating the melody, reading his lover's heart in full for the first time.
This time it was Greg that couldn't answer.
“I thought that you might leave me.”
“No.” Sherlock's voice was fierce and low. “You cannot—John, I can't—”
“I agree, but perhaps it would be better to keep moving,” Holmes replied. He drew Watson close and they proceeded, walking arm in arm instead of hand in hand.
John stepped forward, but her eyes were open again, wild with a grief John would never understand. “What do you want from me, Princess?! You want your revenge on Jamiarty for your beloved?”
. Kitty agreed, and set in on high speed for the first round.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You will have it,” Domingo swore.
“Hello, Miss Winter,” I said. “I am glad to see you uninjured, though I must admit that my partner has told me nothing of why you’re here.”
Sherlock took his hand. “We’re lucky,” he whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course. You’re the only country that knows…well, some of what Jamiarty may have done wrong.”
“Offer me everything I ask for!”
“We need to figure out where she’s going first.” Mycroft ripped the gag from Moran’s mouth. “Well?”
John groaned when Sherlock prodded him. “Go 'way Sher.”
Grezzik poked his head out of the carriage. “Come and get your food. We have a plan.”
"Believe what, exactly?" John asked, trying to keep his voice steady.
Don't...kill me?
“Not without my clearance,” Grampy snapped.
Sally looked at Miracle Max. “I don’t want to.”
He’d checked this out thoroughly last week, and was relieved to see the same easy path up. Sherlock seemed to know it, but his expression was still puzzled as they picked their way to the roof of the building.
“Grezzik, it is a bird. It can’t answer.”
I'm going to start tagging requests in the chapter titles, so people can find their chapters more easily. Also, would it help if I went back and marked them as Victorian or Modern (or both, occasionally?)
“So whoever his source is, they can’t have been there when we made plans.” Sherlock snapped his fingers. “That guard, the young one.”
“By your tone, I’m assuming it’s not the war-mongering,” Sebastian continued. “No, you sound disgusted, cousin.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John woke with a groan. He sat up gingerly, putting a hand to his head. It was sore, dried blood coming away onto his fingers. He was cold, his whole body stiff, though whether that part was from temperature or from lying on the concrete he couldn't tell.
That was all he said.
That bothered him, but he couldn’t let it. If he did, he would start to panic, and he couldn’t panic…
“Greetings, Princess Janine. I thank you for sheltering my daughter and grandchild. Greetings, Queen Chessa and Prince Sukiv. I owe you thanks for your support.”
The King sighed. “Carla is buried under a tree covered with knots, in a beautiful clearing. I’m afraid I haven’t been there in a while, because my health does not allow me. But it is a calm place. I hope she is at peace.”
The Yard at large was gobsmacked at the very idea of them retiring, but none protested after Holmes shouted at a few of the louder nasty whisperers about ‘wanting to spare the poor old doctor’. Hopkins thanked them both profusely and accepted, with a certain amount of relief, the offer to own 221 Baker St. outright. He and Kitty would live downstairs and the sets of rooms above, including their own, would be devoted to the care and keeping of the Irregular force, past and present.
John and Sherlock attempt to show their support for Mycroft and Greg's new relationship. This does not go as planned for anyone.
“He hasn’t been raised that way.”
“Well, this is just the outside. The inside is much nicer, and that’s all Kitty’s doing, of course.”
things about Waverly, knew more about her than her parents. And right now he knew that as scared as she was, she wasn’t hurt. Whatever this Riley woman was doing, she didn’t want to hurt the child.
He was on the phone with Stan as Sherlock typed up their latest case (ever since they got married, their readers had begged for both of them to post about cases to compare them. Sherlock obliged, though he still got stroppy when people said John’s writing was more ‘relatable’).
Miss Winter stared at me. “And you wouldn’t be ashamed to call me a relation, Doctor? I don’t intend to change much of who I am.”
“But you deserve to hear the broad strokes, at least.” John’s grip tightened on his hand.
The door creaked open, which jolted John out of his musings. The albino came in with the usual stew. It wasn’t gourmet by any standards, but it was warm, nourishing and tasted pretty good. That food, coupled with the treatment, made him suspect that he was in for trouble.
“As soon as I get over the walls,” Ireni replied. She exited the carriage, took a quick look around, and started to shift into a bird. She was wearing a blue dress the time, and the giant blue wings were almost invisible in the growing darkness. She nodded at them, and took off, sailing towards the Castle.
At noon, Sherlock stood on the balcony beside his husband, this time as their Queen. And the crowds cheered like cStamy, even in their mourning black.
Sherlock joined him next to the girl, who was now trying to raise herself to her knees. John bent and picked her up bodily, holding firmly even as she struggled. "Now, now, you don't want to get yourself more cut up than you already are." He half-carried, half-dragged the girl to the couch, placing her down as gently as he could. Sherlock had followed, and he now perched on the chair, frowning at her.
“We can use that, right?” Kitty looked up. “I thought about Jennifer, but her last word was Rachel, and if it wasn’t for that case—”
Sherlock couldn’t look at him. “If I come back with you, let him go. He’s a childhood friend, a…a sailor on the pirate ship
“MYCROFT!”
“If we start something insane, it’ll go absolutely mad. We won’t have a chance. The only advantage we have is that he doesn’t know where we are.”
Moriarty nodded. "He should be here soon; Donovan will have given into her guilt. But not just Sherlock."
Billy leaned his cheek against the old man’s. “You’re welcome.” He paused. He really wanted to ask, but…
“I n-never meant to hurt John!” Sally sobbed. “Never, I just wanted to show you for what you were, and why not have people think you were a fraud in the bargain?”
“Why—why do you want me to say that?” John asked, stunned.
“Yes. She had royal blood, and could inherit should something happen to both myself and Jamiarty.” The King bowed his head. “On that trip, she fell ill and died suddenly. It seemed like the Cough that was going around at the time.”
There are still surprises to be found in the afterlife.
As fate would have it, he sneezed and Watson woke in surprise. "Sherlock?" he mumbled.
No, he had to find Ireni, and if she was…if she was dead too, he would have to find somewhere else to go. Somewhere with people. He wasn’t going to be alone again.
Mycroft pondered the request even after he sent an affirmative reply. He’d never been close to any of the police at the Yard; that was Sherlock’s realm. He knew Lestrade better than most (loveless marriage ended by his wife’s death, only child far away, near retirement, endlessly patient—how else could he work with Sherlock?), and had spent a few pleasant evenings with the man planning his brother’s wedding. But they weren’t
“There we are.”
“I will indeed.” Kitty took her own glass. “And your grandfather.”
So Sherlock was eighteen, and his gangly limbs were starting to settle, and his hair was darkening from ginger to something closer to the last drops of sunset in a night sky. He was moving up the ranks (not that he would have cared).
Prince Jamiarty nodded. “Of course. It’s nearly time to get dressed.”
John threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck. “You great prat, of course we’re getting married here. London’s our home.”
“But he’s been taken back to his ship,” Grezzik said. “He sails with the Dread Pirate Roberts. Messengers have been dispatched to find him, because the Princess loves him.”
“As soon as you get dressed. You both need to be there.”
A thought occurred to him. "You don't have any clothes with you, do you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Watson wasn’t sure how long they’d been walking when he noticed a slight blurring in the air. The next lamp confirmed it; fog was descending. Dressed as they were, it wouldn’t take long for the night to become unbearably damp. It was a shame; they’d never be able to walk like this during the day.
When Sherlock reached the middle of a wood, he paused, trying to decide if he should ride all the way to the shore. It would make him late for dinner, which the Prince disliked, but he felt an aching need to see something bigger than himself, to look across the shore and not even see Guilder.
Cheers,
Sherlock shuddered. They hadn't talked much about what happened in the Zoo of Death, partly because John wasn't willing to go into details, partly because Sherlock had guessed some of it. But the nightmares were there, the Machine was explained, and the hardest part was watching John wake up one morning to Stam calling and breaking into a cold sweat, curling into Sherlock's arms like he was trying to disappear.
“Ah, little brother.” Mycroft was dressed in ceremonial robes. “May I present Princess Janine of Guilder.”
Sally was about to begin, but Molly cut in.
John's got a favour to ask of Greg, and Sherlock's got one to ask of his brother.
Greg loves music and poetry, but he’s utterly rubbish at writing his own. He can, however, appreciate Mycroft’s attempts fully.
“That was the first time. And you didn’t go after John and Sherlock, did you? Even though you were still alive?” Molly narrowed her eyes. “Unless this is some long, drawn-out plan to get revenge, in which case you’re stupider than I thought.”
Then there was silence for a few minutes, and Grezzik’s heart leapt. They were gaining on Waverly and Riley, he could feel it. They were closer, and when he risked a quick look back over his shoulder, the Cliffs were close indeed. He could make out the bones on the shore, just white blotches at this distance.
A disgusted muttering went around the table, followed by a silence. It was one thing to conceive of a cruel, evil adult killing a child. Horrific and nauseating, but plausible. But the idea of a child killing another child…
And Maria attacked, attacked using the same moves she’d used on the Cliffs, but the Count wasn’t the Man in Black, and he backed up desperately.
He never could stand his own injuries. The old fear came back, the one that had grown in the war—that a wounded doctor was worthless.
“Enough to hold you properly.”
John smiled at him. “Later, love,” he promised. “I believe we owe our friends a chance to have some cake.”
“Where are they coming from this time?”
The letters continued for several months, sometimes accompanied by watercolours of the Scottish countryside or small toys, each chosen carefully for a particular child.
“Do you have any plans for tonight?” Sherlock asked when they were finished.
“Why did you get married?”
as wonderful as it would have been terrible to wake up alone. A shudder ran through his body, and John held him tighter.
Grandfather John was staring at him in utter shock.
Finally John grew too impatient. "What is it, love?"
“And watching you was the best part.”
Running handcuffed through the street wasn't nearly as comical as it sounded, especially when the entirety of NSY was after you (with the exception of one devoted DI who John still thought should be let in on the entire plan)and the person you were handcuffed to was several inches taller, mostly in the legs.
“You just shook your head,” Grezzik pointed out. “That doesn’t make you happy?”
“We’ll go after them,” Sherlock promised. “But we do have one question—do any of you remember a child called Carla?”
“Yes but—”
“How long?” Molly asked, enunciating. Her accent always got thicker when she was sleepy, though never so thick as Grezzik’s. “When did she realize she was in labour?”
“I know he told you what he wanted to know. He wants to know who Sally’s mother is, and kill her. He has no idea that she’s dead, and you weren’t going to tell him. So he’s waiting for you to bleed more. To hear the voices of the past, and maybe that will make you speak. You have other children, Cerise. He knows you want to live.”
“Don’t bother me with trifles. After twenty years I have a name and a way to him. There will be blood tonight!”
Greg stared at him. “What do you mean?”
It is important to realize that Grezzik was never really little. He was fifteen pounds at birth, and by the time he was five he was ready to shave and was nearly six feet tall. His giant body managed to hide his soft heart, but it didn’t protect him from the bullying of the other children, and the frightened looks of the adults.
The concierge was bright and smiley, the bellhop wished them congratulations, and before John knew it they had been whisked up to their room with an ice bucket dotted with tiny champagnes, which felt ridiculously fancy.
“I will. Now, back to the matter at hand.”
"I'm not," John answered. He reached up and wrapped his arms around Sherlock neck. "I just understood why this feels so special."
Watson couldn't help chuckling. "My dear husband, it is rather normal for married people to have those sorts of relations. If you want to have them, of course you should tell me." He paused for a moment. "I'm simply concerned because of...well, I'm not a young man, Holmes."
When it was done Watson leaned back, Holmes automatically plumping up the pillow. “Thank you, Holmes.” He thought of something. “You can go upstairs if you like,” he whispered as he closed his eyes, weariness making itself known at last, the pain beginning to fade. “I know the sofa hurts your back.”
Molly enjoys being a mother, and she enjoys her job. She juggles both efficiently, and both her work and her children are fully aware that she loves them equally.
It was melodramatic and messy, so of course that part of the plan was Sherlock's.
“A word, kind sir,” she purred.
Cheers,
John sat down next to her. "I can't imagine what he did to you," he said quietly, "but I promise that we will get him, one way or another. And we'll help you find happiness. Sherlock's grand at that."
"What...the hell..." Sherlock managed.
“I was. Bloody exhausted. Why weren’t you?”
“Go through their pockets and look for loose change,” Miracle Max snorted. He picked up a bellows. “One of you open his mouth.”
“So do you.”
“Did he?” John was surprised—Sherlock rarely brought up the Night.
Kitty moved to leave, but stopped when Watson called her name. “Father,” she whispered as she approached them. “My Fathers.”
Queen Bella’s face fell. “That might be my fault. When I was first at the castle, he didn’t like me very much. I tried to make friends with him, but he said that all I wanted was to be Queen. Which wasn’t true; I loved you, husband, and I wanted to be your wife. I told him that, and I said that only stupid people would let anyone know what they really wanted if they wanted something bad.”
Relief filled Sherlock, and he laid his head on John’s chest. Then he sat up again. “Who the hell is Stam?”
“Watson.” Now that he was here, Sherlock felt foolish. Why was he here? Why was he so interested in this simple boy’s crush on him?
Kitty and Stan have yet another question for Sherlock, and a storm brings a new member to the Baker Street Clan.
Sally reunites with the King and Queen, and there's more secrets than Sally ever dreamed.
Greg laughed. “Of course he is. This is going to be brilliant.” He paused. “Congratulations, by the way.”
“Molly, I’m an
“We found out about the spy,” Janine replied.
“I wanted to write it to you so many times,” Lestrade said. “And I just…I couldn’t do it. I thought it would be pointless, and I was never sure that you—”
"She wasn't followed—Gruner's arrogance is quite bad, that may be his undoing—but there's some chatter that Gruner's getting tired of having one of his...Wilted's around." Sherlock's lip curled with disgust. "I didn't know things were this bad, or I would have done something about this bastard sooner. There have actually been four wives—the first was ages ago. She drowned on a cruise when they were honeymooning."
Prince Jamiarty’s sword fell from his hand.
"Idiot," he said fondly. "Tell you what, as much as I love showing you off, if you don't really want to stay we can leave. We can go for drinks with Dimmock and Greg some other time, you know."
That simple exclamation was enough to finally open the floodgates.
, and Sherlock had a horror of crumbs in the sheets despite John’s repeated assurances that he’d wash the sheets himself the one time he’d brought his partner breakfast. Yet here he was at ten, John’s alarm cleverly silenced hours before, with toast and tea and bacon and eggs. And
She and Stan slept, when they could sleep, on the other bed. Billy and Rachel slept in the guest room.
Sherlock didn’t answer.
“Good. Now, you had better be using protection. I know there’s no chance of pregnancy—”
"This is wonderful!" Holmes said, and Watson could only agree. "Certainly a decent eternity, wouldn't you say, my dear?"
“Carin. What the hell do you mean, treason?”
“Pregnant stomachs don’t like them,” Grampy corrected him. “Come on, everyone on.”
Watson looked at Holmes. "What do you think, dear?"
“What if we don’t?” That was Ireni’s blunt voice. “No offense, but we’re going up against one of the most powerful men on earth, and if he catches wind of what we’re doing, we’ll have armies after us before we can blink.”
Sherlock remembered that night very well. He wanted to impress John, to show him that he was important enough that the police wouldn’t question him bringing anyone into a crime scene.
“What will you do if you’re sent back to your Prince?” Sherlock asked.
“The only news people said in the village was about the Festival in a few days time,” Katie said. “And I spoke to the head of the Gossips. He hadn’t noticed anything.”
It was Mycroft who answered. “He said ‘as you wish’, little brother, the same thing he has always said. Are you going deaf?”
"I know, but...you're a few years younger, and that does make a difference with this sort of thing. I may not be...capable, of giving you much pleasure."
"Even if he doesn't, he probably wants to make sure that anyone who knew of Sally's mother is dead. We have to save them." Sherlock huffed, his breathing coming under control.
. John agrees (though he doesn’t need it that often at all). They make it just over a week before they’re both too exhausted and cranky to cuddle, let alone have sex. The misunderstanding is eventually resolved, they both laugh about it and from then on they make love only when they both want to. There’s plenty of other things to do, after all.
"Not unless you can learn about Naruto in the next six hours," Sherlock said dully.
“What do you…want?” Sherlock gasped, more from shock and fear than exhaustion. “If you want ransom, I give you my word you’ll have it if you let me go.”
“What?” the Queen exclaimed. “Of course he wants to be King, it’s his dearest ambition.”
“They would have killed John if I hadn’t gone back!”
(I think the reader might be better satisfied by their own imagination in this case).
Edit: This is set in the BBC 'verse.
John blinked hard, trying in vain to swallow the lump in his throat.
Torture.
Dimmock's face changed to a look of great concern. "Christ, those are terrible. Make sure he has water, dehydration makes them last a hell of a lot longer."
Then again, I am sure that people say the same about those who love as Holmes and I do.
“I’m afraid that simply won’t do,” he answered, looking Mycroft in the eye. “If I do that, then we will both become lonely. We will suffer from lack of interaction, and might end up doing something desperate that will certainly give us away. We are satisfied with what we have now, though it is not what we want.”
Cheers,
There were dozens of people in the main hall, so many that Sally recognized as the regular backdrop of faces around the castle. Servants, knights, even lord and ladies ran through the halls.
Molly shook her head. “We don’t have much more time. The wedding will start in forty five (thirty) minutes by the clock. He needs to be awake.”
Watson leaned in and kissed him. "Then you have me, Sherlock."
When Jane Hooper checked, to appease her own mind, she was able to determine that William Sherlock Scott Holmes' heart had stopped at the same second as John Hamish Watson Holmes.
Sally sobbed again, and Anderson’s eyes filled with tears.
“Why don’t you two just elope already then?” Jamiarty snarled.
“Mycroft.”
“It was Carla’s,” Cerise moaned. She knelt and grabbed the bracelet from Sherlock. “
(See the end of the chapter for
“Indeed.” Holmes—it must be Holmes, no one could look that much like Sherlock—looked deeply concerned. “Are you injured?”
Thinking of his partner, he turned and nearly walked straight into Donovan.
Hope everyone enjoyed! I know I did; having Holmes wax sentimental is really fun to write.
Miss Winters laughed. “Of course he didn’t! Goodness, you two are funny.” Her eyes no longer sparked with fury and pain; they glinted with spirit instead. “Well, Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes has offered to help me disappear, hence the change of appearance. I do believe dark hair suits me, don’t you?”
Sherlock grabbed John's hand, suddenly frightened. Who was above them? Panic caught in his chest. Kitty surely couldn't be joining them already. What about Stan—
“After they’ve been told that Prince Jamiarty was going to murder Princess Sherlock, and they would be framed for the crime? Absolutely,” Anderson answered.
They did have a lovely time that summer. Mycroft met all five of the MacDonald brood, and they were delighted to meet the ‘London man’ who sent them such thoughtful presents. Maggie and Matthew were charmed by Mycroft, and they endeavoured to make sure their guest was happy. They didn’t need to put in much effort.
LLLLLLEEEEET'S GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUUUUMBLE!
"Of course, of course," Hopkins babbled. He dashed up the stairs. Watson watched him with gentle eyes.
“You must love him.”
No one ate much.
The next few moments were a blur, but John must have climbed down the stairs, for the next thing he knew he was running out of the front door of St. Bart’s and into Sherlock’s arms, being kissed, then shaken within an inch of his life, then kissed again, being crushed by Sherlock, ignoring explanations in favour of just holding on. They could do that, he realized in a daze, they could take their time, because there was the rest of their lives to say everything else. For now, the only thing John wanted to say was “I love you,” and he said it over and over again,  because that phone call had nearly been the last chance.
Watson sighed deeply as he put his medical bag down in the hall. No point taking it upstairs; he couldn’t stand to look at it. All its instruments and medicine hadn’t helped the devastated young woman they’d had to leave behind in that old, now horribly empty house.
Cerise stared at Moran. “I wondered,” she whispered. “Carla was darker than I ever was, and I wondered why my baby was so pale in death.” She turned on Jamiarty. “
“You are. As long as Mama and Papa agree.”
The woman's hair was damp, her throat hoarse. It had been hours now, long hours of pain with nothing to be done, nothing to do. The woman had experienced helpless pain before, and the memories this agony triggered were damning her anticipation, her enjoyment of knowing that the months of waiting were at last at an end.
The Count lunged again, but this time Maria parried, sent back a blow of her own. She stepped away from the wall, and attacked. It was weak, but the Count had to deflect, and he took a step back to do so.
Mrs. Hudson caused a diversion by coming in with a basin of steaming water. “Are you alright, Doctor?” she asked.
In an instant Sherlock had yanked him close, wrapping around him so completely that John could no longer tell if anyone else was in the room, could only feel and see Sherlock.
“I’d be proud to do it,” Greg said. He reached out and clapped John on the shoulder. “You are my best friend, though for God’s sake don’t tell your future husband. Not that I’ll be able to hide it from him, the berk.”
“And what will that do?”
“I could deduce that for myself,” Sherlock said.
“Glad you don’t have to.” And with that, Sally walked onto the boat, hand in hand with Anderson.
“If she took a boat, we need to go!” Molly was on her feet.
“How many could you handle?”
“A little bit. But it doesn’t matter.”
Well, that was difficult to write, but there! Reichenbach's dealt with.
“She brought a small sack.” Moran sighed. “But it was really quite small, perhaps large enough to hold an apple? I don’t believe that would be helpful.”
"Do you know we've been retired a year Monday?" Holmes said abruptly.
“I won’t either.” Holmes’ voice brooked no argument.
Mwahahahaha.
“I heard you.” Sherlock took his hands again. “Why do you need to leave?”
John turned and kissed him, just long enough for Billy to groan. “Can’t promise anything,” he told Billy, grinning at their grandson.
“You stay with Sally,” Grezzik answered.
Then the violin itself fell silent for years, kept in a case, holding the secrets of the weeping visitor and the absent master alike. The song followed the master wherever he went, haunting him, strengthening his resolve to return and put it to rest, one way or another.
John could tell it was a fake newspaper, pulled together from examples of several different articles. He still ran his fingers over the words, trying to understand. “The vote…then…”
“And for the record,” Sherlock added, “Sally thinks you’re worthy. You’ve already earned the right to stand by her side. So keep doing that, and you’ll be fine.”
John shrugged. “He wants to get married, I didn’t ask why.” He looked to the side, a faint blush in his cheeks. “I wasn’t the one asking the questions, anyways.”
“You’re my husband, he can’t marry you.”
“Can you make sure they don’t have a taste for drink?” Molly asked.
It's time for someone's tenth birthday, and what birthday is complete without a story?
“I have to go,” Sally replied. “I need to do this. Florin is in trouble, and if I can save it…if I can save it from Jamiarty, I will do whatever it takes.”
but before he could the rope had broken and slid down the cliff side, no doubt taking the man in black with it. There was no scream, and no splash.
“I loved you long before we had those dreams,” John said firmly, holding Sherlock’s face between his hands. “I loved you a lot longer than I ever knew. It was probably the first time we met, I just—I just didn’t realize. And I’m going to be here for as long as you want me.”
“Because we are showing support for Mycroft and Greg’s relationship,” John explained. For the tenth time. Not like anyone was counting. “They’ve both been very good to us, even when we told them—well.”
“I’ve no idea. Look up the trains in Bradshaw, will you? Unless you don’t want to go,” Holmes added, suddenly concerned.
“Not at all, Highness,” Ireni replied. She threw the anchor down. “Grezzik, grab the Princess.”
Watson looked at his lover’s brother, who had every reason to denounce them, to disapprove, yet warmly proclaimed his support instead. “Actually, I’m not expected home for a while yet, I imagine. I’d be delighted, Mycroft.”
It was that easy? Sherlock felt a flickering of doubt, but he nodded his head.
“Of course you. Who else would know enough to protect them? You’ve always been a brilliant fighter, Ma—Molly. Still getting used to that.”
*********
John shook his head. "Poor lady. Poor ladies. What do we do, Sherlock?"
“You’ve asked a lot of questions this year, and it’s only fair you get a chance to see the answers.”
To my consternation Sherlock drew me down the alley. It was utterly ridiculous; there was nowhere to hide but a narrow doorway, and I was sure that one of the two would turn and see us. And yet…it was far easier to hear what they were saying.
Watson placed the last of the sweet peas in the ground and looked up. “Sherlock, they’ll be here soon!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sally began to walk around the throne. She had to be careful not to trip, careful to stay upright, careful not to let the water robe slip…
“I accept.”
Queen Bella touched her husband’s arm. “How did you find out, Sally dear? Did someone threaten you?”
Kitty met his eyes. “What if…we already have?”
Holmes patted his back. “We love you too, Billy. That will always be true. No matter what. See if you can convince Rachel to talk to the bees again, will you?”
Mplly took a second to work that out. “So twenty for me. Even at my best, I couldn’t fight that many, and certainly not on five weeks of wine!” She sank into a chair. “I need Ireni’s planning. I have no gift for strategy.”
So Molly went to look for Janine instead, stepping around Sherlock and John waltzing together, stopping only to give Waverly a kiss and Sally and Philip a proper curtsy.
“Yes, but the council of Florin expects to be busy soon. Prince Jamiarty needs to…er…to reopen negotiations for a wedding. The King is still ill, and it would be best for the Prince to be married before the King passes.”
“Oh I expect more than one, if the two of you are amenable.” Mycroft’s eyes were twinkling. “You see, I wish to perform a marriage this evening.”
Lovers have a conversation, a brother doubts, and a fall begins.
“Hear me out, please! Something's wrong, I've been looking through the evidence for the case—”
“Then we’ll go to war,” John said firmly. “And if no one else wants to, I will. Like Hell they’ll stop me.”
As one, the two leapt up and scrambled for the door.
"Aren't we..." Holmes fidgeted. "Aren't we safe here? As safe as we'll ever be?"
“Oh for f—”
Watson stared at the tall stranger, and for a moment the fog cleared enough to see his face. Watson smiled at him, and the stranger—though not so strange, after all—smiled back.
"What's the problem, Kitty?" John asked.
John wiped his eyes. “I think that might have done it. I didn’t know I was worrying about all of that.” He smiled. “You did, though. Thank you, dear.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where’s the fun in that?”
“Well, it was a stormy night over twenty years ago, and we’d just come home from a supper with our clients…”
“Who’s he asking?”
I spread my hands. “I believe you would look lovely under any circumstances, Miss Winter.” I glanced at Sherlock. “Can I be of any assistance, Holmes?”
After all, he’d managed it.
Moriarty had been quiet, there were enough cases to keep them busy but not too busy, still plenty of time for candlelit dinners at Angelo’s and afternoons looking over cold cases, and they’d even
Two cups of tea later, Sherlock was back. His husband's face was very grave.
Sherlock knew exactly what his husband meant. There were more chairs, for one thing, and a strange slipper on the mantel next to the skull. It was still their sitting room, still their flat, but it almost felt like there were other people who belonged here too.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock pulled John over to the chair. He picked up the newspaper and unfolded it deftly.
“Of course!” Sally snapped. “I was hoping you…I’m only a few weeks along…”
Molly shuddered. Sally’s voice grated against her ears with rage and pain.
Nevertheless, once they had reached the park, Watson did have to admit that there was a strange beauty in the darkness shrouding the park. Utterly alone, he and Holmes walked slowly through the park, in no particular rush. Watson felt no fear, and though he could hardly see Holmes, even in the occasional burst of lamplight, he could feel his husband walking next to him. On impulse, he reached out and took Holmes’ hand in his. He felt Holmes’ hand tense, but he didn’t pull away. As they continued walking, he intertwined his fingers with Watson’s.
“Well, more that you have any claim at all upon him. Prince Jamiarty doesn’t like to share. As for me, I want you to know that this isn’t personal at all. You seem like a worthy man. But one must be practical.”
“I promise I won’t kill you until you reach the top.” Of course she wouldn’t, that wouldn’t be fair.
"I'm alright." Kitty's voice was gruff and John wondered whether she was embarrassed about the night before. He wanted to reassure her, but he wasn't quite sure how.
“You really support us?” Watson asked before he could stop himself.
“Of course not, can’t waste a good blade on that kind of filth.”
“She’s probably just in a bad mood…”
Their horses reached the edge of the cliff just in time to see the Princess fall into the ravine.
They ate in silence. John kept checking his phone, just to make sure that Sherlock hadn't texted, but he hardly ever did when he was with Johnson.
“No, Sherlock. No, I don’t, and I haven’t for most of my life.”
Sherlock didn’t want to talk about It.
Sherlock pushed the thought away with furious joy. Moriarty was gone. He could keep John safe now.
“He’s dead.”
“Brother, what is going on?” Holmes snapped. “What is this case?”
Sally whirled. It was Philip; Molly stepped aside to let him by. His eyes were shining as he looked at her, and he bowed. “Do it, love,” he called. “You can.”
Sherlock called John again—twenty seven times, but who was counting—and listened to it ring, his heart pounding in his chest. Nothing. Still nothing.
Watson winced. The last thing he’d heard was his husband screaming his name.
“Don’t you still need work?” Watson asked.
Then John’s letter came three days later. Paper was precious, and it was short.
the Brute Squad,” the old man corrected. “Look, what do you want?”
He stayed quiet for a few long minutes, watching Sherlock sleep. If he could, he would stay here until morning….
"And how can time be spent that way?" Holmes added.
“That is not what worries me. That ravine leads directly into the Fire Swamp.”
“Where am I?” He asked the albino as he cleaned John’s shoulder. It was pretty well healed now, a day or two would do it. It would probably help if he was allowed to sit up and actually exercise the limb, but who was he to talk?
“Can I practice?” Sherlock asked innocently. “I want to make sure I’ve got it right.”
Now he watched his sleeping lover, his throat tightening. Sherlock’s arms were locked around him in desperation, chest and back muscles strained. John moved his hand to the small of his back, trying to soothe him without waking him up. Sherlock was coming down from pure terror, and John swallowed guiltily.
Kitty rolled her eyes and held out her arms. "Carry me, valiant knight!"
Once she becomes Mrs. Hopkins, Kitty quickly makes friends with the other policemen’s wives. They’d been cold to her before her marriage, worried that a woman in the station would steal their husband’s attentions. Stan was quietly, vindictively happy to find out that one of the worst, Mrs. Riley, discovered her husband in bed with their maid. (He does eventually become ashamed of that).
“John,” Mikey replied. “But how can you ask him? He’s dead.”
“Max,” she whispered, “when did the first queen die?”
. Mycroft eventually found him there, soothed him through the panic attack, and promised his support for their relationship, come what may.
It was Grandfather John that met Billy at the station in the pouring rain. The old man—that troubled Billy, since when did he think of Grandpa John as an old man?—was beaming, holding his coat over his head. He pulled Billy into a tight hug and then grabbed his suitcase and hustled them into a small carriage. “How was the train?” he asked, once they were both settled.
It takes a lot of smarts to be a Detective Inspector. What takes more is being married to a Holmes, and learning when a case file is an apology and a request to close the curtains is a hint to go to bed. He learns.
“I can see the Castle,” Anderson whispered.
It was Sherlock’s turn to blink hard and press his lips together. Sensing that delay would be pointless, Greg and Mycroft handed over the rings, watching in silence as the grooms used shaking hands to slip jewelry that would be kept spotless in the years to come onto their partner’s hand.
Miracle Max sighed. “Myself and Martha. That’s our last name.”
Sherlock and John get a surprise visitor, a new case, and a broken window (not quite in that order).
The King looked surprised. “Whatever you say, my dear, you can say with my wife present. We have no secrets.”
The second thing was the group of soldiers waiting for them. Prince Jamiarty was at the front. “Surrender,” he said.
"Oh, Father, please don't cry," Kitty said, and she sounded distressed. "I didn't mean—"
Sally was about to retort, to ask this man why he dared to say he knew how she felt. Then she remembered that John was his grandson, and that John had no parents in sight.
“Well I have a witch for a wife, but you don’t see me belching up frogs!”
“Where are we going?”
"I haven't the faintest idea what a hard drive is," Holmes said as he accepted a cup of tea from his husband, "but I echo the emotion." He took Watson's hand and kissed it as the man sat down across from him.
With all his strength, he shoved the man in black off the cliff, watched him start to tumble.
He wasn’t buried with Lestrade—he had to be buried in the cemetery near John Watson’s wife, to keep his brother and his husband together in death—but his brothers, one by blood, one by heart, buried a pen in Scotland; the only pen Mycroft Holmes had ever used to write his love letters.
Molly noticed. “Ireni, have you ever had a child?”
“Has the sentence been passed?”
Watson turned to Holmes with a smile. This had been his idea, and Kitty Hopkins hadn’t batted an eye. Holmes looked shocked, but there was a gentle light in his eyes as he realized what was going on.
Then he entered the room and saw the needle in Holmes’ hand, and all thought of argument went out the window.
Grezzik kept his eyes closed, because perhaps he’d died too quickly to feel the pain. And now that he was facing it, it was scary, and what if he opened his eyes and there was nothing? Just cold and…dark, and alone?
“What on earth is happening?”
“My steel, Grezzik’s strength, your brains, and Stam’s knowledge of the guards.”
The Queen had already left, and the King was very deaf, so it was safe.
“I know.” John squeezed his hand. “Now come along, let’s go see the lovebirds.”
That got the Hopkins on the train immediately. Rachel, now a successful choreographer who took a blunt hammer to the conventional methods of nearly every form of dance, came with her parents. She was Rachel when they got down by train and saw her Grandads pale and weak for the first time. He was Billy Jo when he figured out that something was really wrong, and Mum and Da weren't worrying for nothing.
Sally blinked. That wasn’t what she was expecting at all.
Molly stopped listening. She knew this part of the story well enough. She craned her neck, watching the people instead. A few of the lords and ladies were looking nervous.
“Ah, Ronald. Please take the prisoner to the dungeon. He will be guarded by Miracle Max, who I believe will arrive shortly with my wife. Tell everyone to stand down. We have a new Heir, and she and her family are tired. We all need sleep.”
“What—you—and Mycroft?” Holmes stared at his own brother. “Do you two even know each other?”
“Not sure. At least three days.”
Grezzik brought his hands up, trying to shake the man’s grip, but he was having trouble getting his hands up. In fact, he was starting to have trouble seeing.
Watson closed his eyes and leaned against Holmes. They hadn’t been alone since it happened; first Evans, then Gregson, then Mrs. Hudson, and Holmes had been trembling with the effort not to reach out to him for hours.
“Come for a walk with me, John.” The candlelight danced in Holmes’ eyes.
“No thanks to Jamiarty.” That was Queen Bella’s voice. She’d clearly just awoken, but she looked as regal as her husband. “The poison was slow-acting and mimicked true illness, and it was hidden by Riley’s magic. You bear no responsibility for that.”
Miss Winter’s eyebrows shot up. “I beg your pardon?”
“Of course, Mycroft. I am at your service.” A job, at the palace! Finally, he had a place in London. “I will be terrible to people sometimes, so that you can get some rest.”
“I did a lot of that, didn’t I?” Ireni’s lovely brow creased. “It’s easier for me, you see. I don’t feel when I screw up, and if I’m tired or cranky I do what’s easy. I realize now that wasn’t fair.”
"You need a hearing aid, mate." John paused a moment. "Hang on...who did you think he was?"
As a matter of fact, it was forty-five minutes, but Sherlock didn’t know that.
Cheers,
It wasn’t until they got out that Sherlock broke the silence. “The Coliseum?”
“No. But it’s been a while.” John decided to risk another question. “Why are you curing me?”
“Sit down, your Highness, and please allow your ex-fiancé and my friend Stam to tie you up.”
The happiest of days often defy description—it’s hard to find words that aren’t cliché or overused, especially about something as common yet rare as a happy wedding day.
In ten years she was a warrior, a wizard with the blade, the third woman to attain that rank.
Cheers,
Mrs. Hudson drew back at last, wiping her eyes. “Thank goodness. Now eat up, and tell me what happened.”
“Yes, they are very small,” Grezzik agreed. “But they each have a purpose, and they work together to do amazing things.” He sighed.
“I just—I’m not normal, I’m a fucking freak—”
Then everything was dark.
“No. I think everyone was right, that she took her out of jealousy. If she’d taken her to protect the throne…” Max trailed off, but Sally could fill in the blanks.
John turned to face her. "Excuse me?"
“You’re off on a tangent.”
"I mean something to change into," John clarified. "Smart-arse."
“And then at the end of that year, Roberts called me into his room in the morning. I was sure that was it; he’d been more than fair. But he closed the door quite carefully, and told me his greatest secret. ‘I am not the Dread Pirate Roberts. My name is Murray.’”
“You want to surrender to us?” John asked, his sword held high. “Sounds alright to me.”
Maria was so shocked by the Count’s flight she took a second to react. Then she was gone, after him like lightning, dashing down the palace hallways. She could always see a flash of blue as she approached each corner, she had him…
“Breathe, dear.” Martha set her hands on Sally’s shoulders. “Focus on your breathing, and it’ll be over soon.”
“My brains, his steel, your strength and some insider knowledge against sixty men and a castle full of guards…and you think a head shake will make me happy?!” John groaned. “You should have left me dead.”
“What are you talking about?”
“And how did it end?” Count Magnussen asked. He was riding, as were the sixteen men the Prince had summoned to chase after the Princess. They’d had to go around the Cliffs, but they’d made up some time.
The song did play again at last, but it was wistful now, humbled into melancholy remembrance of pain caused and pain suffered. Late at night, quiet to keep anyone from waking, delicate, slow pizzicato plucked on heartstrings wrung nearly dry of tears.
At first Molly looked for Ireni (force of habit), but Grezzik assured her that Ireni was fine.
The line of fire blazed up, and the woman began to walk through it.
“If the princess isn’t legitimate, it might not matter what Jamiarty has done,” Queen Chessa warned. “She’ll need to be the Heir.”
“I do.”
"I know what it is. Just...why is it relevant?"
Moran bowed. “I was telling your fiancée that the Thieves’ Quarter is empty. Your safety is ensured, my Princess.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it, looking uncertain for the briefest moment. Then he leaned down and kissed John gently. “Get dressed,” he said when he pulled away. “I’ll explain when we get there.”
No one felt like eating dinner that night, but Kitty made some soup anyways. Once Rachel and Billy were in bed, she and Stan laid down, still fully dressed, in the bed next to her fathers. The old men weren't speaking, but in the dim lamp light Kitty could see that their hands were entertwined, their heads close together.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then she understood, and her heart leapt to her throat.
“John, we can’t all accept our Holmesexuality as quickly as you do—”
“FUCKING BLOODY HELL!”
Either Jamiarty’s security had become far more lax, or they simply weren’t interested in an old woman housekeeper and a valet. They only passed a few guards when they weren’t in secret passages, and there weren’t any guarding the dungeon.
When Watson’s eyes opened again Holmes was there, holding him against his chest, babbling frantically. When their eyes met, Holmes bellowed “HOPKINS! WHERE’S THAT DAMN CARRIAGE?!”
The Zoo of Death was designed by Prince Jamiarty and his most trusted ally, Count Magnussen. It had five floors underground, each with its own category of prey that could be released at the whim of the Prince. Floor one were creatures of great strength; floor two contained creatures of great speed. Floor three (the first without windows) had creatures of the night, for when Jamiarty had insomnia. Floor four were poisonous creatures, especially spiders. Prince Jamiarty loved spiders; they were his official crest.
“All I need is a spouse, someone who will raise my child and help give away turkeys at Thanksgiving.”
Mycroft was standing in the library door. He wasn’t in night clothes, but he was wearing a rich purple dressing gown over his regular robes. “May I speak to you for a moment?”
They were at dinner, all of them, to celebrate Mycroft actually becoming mayor. It was a village of fifty-eight people, but Sherlock’s parents only had dominion over Watson, six cows, two chickens and a pig. It was an accomplishment.
“Sherlock, come on. We need to get going.”
“What sort of coup?” Carin asked. He moved his hands as John rubbed salve where Alissa’s struggles had made the ropes dig into his wrists. “And why does Jamiarty think we’re involved?”
"Alright, then..."
“Dr. Stamford is officiating, according to Sherlock.”
The blade was held by a scarred woman with fire in her eyes. “Where is the Man in Black?”
“You know,” he resumed, “it’s still perfectly possible to have a glorious time with one person and still miss others you love.”
The End
"He isn't one, much to my chagrin." Sherlock bent and kissed John. "I'll be back soon, love." He nodded to Kitty, then left the room. John waited until he heard the door swing shut before turning to Kitty. He bent and picked the girl up. There wasn't enough of her for the height she was.
“Mikey?” The irritation in the old man’s face vanished. “Look at you! What are you hanging around with types like these for? And why has it been a dog’s age or two since you’ve been by?”
“I never said anything, because he never mentioned it again. But sometimes he would talk about his child and he would…smile, more. More than anyone would if they had that vomitous mass as a son.” Max looked at Sally. “Is anyone else alive who knew your mother?”
So why couldn’t she have carried Jamiarty’s child?
Thank you for reading, as always.
John's explanation of how 'better than sociopathic' didn't mean 'acceptable for public consumption' was interrupted by a shout down the hall. Exchanging glances the two of them sped up.
Sherlock helped him over, and John fell into Nana and Grampy’s arms. “I can’t believe it,” he whispered. “You’re alive, you’re here…”
Sherlock really only needed five to master the technique, and it was nearly thirty minutes before Mycroft and Greg showed up.
Watson kissed the top of his head. “Dear boy, we will miss you. But we’ll see you again someday. And I expect many stories, you understand?” He drew back. “The cottage goes to your parents, Billy, but my garden is yours.”
“Just to tell you he’s sorry that took so long, there was some miscommunication. James hopes John’s doing well. The two of them have quit; that was their last mission. He said something about an Aston Martin? He sends his love, says they might be back in a year or two.”
“Sally of the House Donovan has given birth.”
Watson was laughing as he stood, taking Holmes’ hand casually as they crossed the deck. “So you knew all along?”
She sat with Molly and Mycroft in the throne room. Lord Moran seemed less nervous this time, but there was still stress in his face. If Stam were here, he might be able to understand his cousin better, but Stam refused to stand in his cousin’s presence. Whether it was to hide his grief or avoid temptation to return with him, Janine wasn’t quite sure. Stam had been quiet these last few months about his cousin, but he didn’t seem to have any other family.
“I accept.”
John was circling the other rat, one hand on his wounded shoulder.
“Yes.”
The count came back the next day. “It’s alright. Not worth the two hundred I promised. I’ll give you a quarter.”
The last robe was huge—it could have fit Grezzik without trouble. It was bright as the dawn, with oranges, reds and yellows competing for attention. It sparkled, and Sally realized that it was made entirely of jewels—rubies, topazes, amber, and others she didn’t recognize.
Kitty raised an eyebrow. “Who consulted you about marriage?”
This was genuinely my theory for 'Mary' during seasons 1 and 2, though I was a bit unsure how they would go about introducing a romance. Ah well, the way they've done it works better for the show, but for this wee universe Real Office Romance solves the problem, and everyone's happy.
John stepped back, closed his eyes. His left hand was trembling.  He turned around and walked up the stairs to his old room. A few seconds later, Sherlock heard the door slam.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No. I…I care, Grezzik. I have since I met you. You have a great heart and a fascinating mind.”
Sherlock turned to their children. “You can’t tell me you don’t have a preference.”
A few blocks later, satisfied that he'd slipped any tail, he sent a quick text.
Why was this so hard? It was one man, he’d fought forty!
Sherlock and I were returning from the theatre just before sunset when I grabbed his arm. Just down the alley we were passing I saw Kitty and Hopkins standing close together.
“Okay, shut up you lot!” Kitty was suddenly very tense. “The problem is…well, we couldn’t find anyone we liked. Not really.”
Bertie Gruner would survive to stand trial, but he was a broken man. His operations were suspended,  his 'workers'—they preferred the term prisoners—were set up with jobs and housing by a team organized by Greg and Mycroft. All except one.
Miracle Max didn’t answer. He turned John’s hand palm up. There was a birthmark on his wrist, a small, nearly-perfect circle.
“Go ahead. Do what you like. Will you join me for dinner tonight?”
Sherlock hesitated, then patted the bed next to him. John came over slowly, sitting carefully on the edge of the bed. Sherlock held out his hand and John took it.
"Grezzik, I need your arms," Ireni announced.
This seemed to convince John, who leaned back in his chair. “I know what we’re all doing today,” he said presently.
"You didn't have to come with me," Sherlock sniffed as they dodged two gaping interns. "You have no paperwork to fill out."
“I love you,” John replied.
“In Plymouth.”
The line of fire grew, and Grezzik watched it stop at the feet of an unfamiliar statue. The statue moved, and it was a living woman who stepped forward along the line.
Sherlock’s heart dropped. The penalty for high treason was death.
“If it's a choice between you and safety...love, there's no choice at all.”
“The lack of concern in your voice.”
“Not yet. We’ve been together two weeks, getting married would be a bit fast.”
"Were you lovers?" John asked.
"I'll play with them, if you want to have a chat with your friend," Kitty said quickly.
“I asked him not to.” Mycroft Holmes’ face was stern. “I wanted to speak with you privately before relaying what Sherlock and I discussed.”
(That wasn't quite true, of course, but all detectives needed to lie to their Mums once, so he was just being sensible and getting it out of the way early .)
