No, I must show discipline and not anticipate my results. I am now engaged on a case in Herefordshire, but when I have laid that to rest, I will pursue this dark ship the vision speaks of, and then we shall see what we can discover.
But a week later there was an entry with a considerably changed tone:
"May I present my friend and partner, Dr John Watson?" he inquired. She graciously inclined her head to me, and I bowed over her hand as he presented her to me in turn: "Mrs Isadora Klein, soon to be the Duchess of Lomond."
Holmes drew from his jacket pocket a few pages. "It is destroyed, madam. These pages are all that remain."
"And if I had consulted you in the beginning?"
"Except that it can. If you need me to spread a falsehood for you, to help you find your father's final resting place, I am here to be used."
"Holmes, you musn't—"
"I do not regret it," Holmes said from where he sat cross-legged on the floor in a square of morning sunshine, pasting newspaper articles into his scrapbook as I wrote at my desk. I looked up in consternation.
He had not turned to me.
I was rather discomfited by Holmes' proposal of a cipher, and indeed, his employing one at all. He routinely pooh-poohed the security of ciphers: most ciphers might be cracked with a little elbow grease, and those few that afforded more perfect security often required such contortions to safely pass the secret key that they were vulnerable to discovery on that front, if not in the cipher itself. Holmes routinely advised that one's safety was more perfectly secured by first presuming that any and all could read one's message and then behaving accordingly. I could not fault him in the maxim: I had cracked this cipher with a morning's work. (No second message had followed; I presumed he had predicted that I would solve his cipher.) True, I had had certain advantages: I knew the likely salutation and closing and the codebook on which the cipher was based. And yet the salutation and closing were not so obscure as to be unguessable: Holmes did not privately call me 'his little elephant,' for example. (And it was as well that he did not: beyond the assault to my dignity, Marryat's only enabled the encoding of 'elephant's teeth' and not 'elephant' itself.)
I indicated I did. Holmes had introduced me to his brother Mycroft there, at that queerest of clubs, where they ascribe to the teachings of De Sade and take the memoirs of Gilles des Rais as their bible—but only when all participants are involved on a voluntary basis.
There was a two-month gap before the next entry. I presumed Holmes was pursuing the "dark ship" of his vision, too busy to engage in further experimentation with the tree. For myself, I was relieved to see the gap, mistrusting the tree's influence on him.
"There now,"
ditto as before.
"Gold clashes with my moustache," I agreed, and Holmes smiled. "But what of your father, Holmes?"
"Then I'll be sure to send for you, Mr Barley," Mrs Hudson replied, and this time when she tried to show him out, he went.
"A mistake? What mistake?"
The man who emerged from behind the drape was not Holmes: he was too bulky in figure, his brows too bushy, his mouth protruding, and his nose much-broken. But he raised his hands to his face, and when he lowered them again, Holmes stood before me. His face was too thin and pale, weary with exhaustion and sadness, but undeniably Holmes’ face.
Holmes said nothing, only watched me warily.
The shriek of voices ebbed away, like the hissing of a fast-running tide. Then there was silence, true silence, in which I could hear only my own breath and Holmes'.
Mrs Hudson was in no state to be left alone, so it was not until this morning that I was able to confront Moriarty. I have not been to his rooms in years, and was much shocked to find him running a petty criminal enterprise from them. This is what he has been reduced to, after the exposure of
"If need be, we'll visit every one," I said staunchly. "We'll leave in the morning, if you like."
"Or Tibet! The Orient is popular with the readers of the
"I did not want to ruin your gift, ma'am," Susan said, glowing at the praise.
"Boarded up the windows?"
He cut the fruit in two, and experimentally prodded at its flesh. "Still no seeds. I had thought there might be this time, given its size." Closing his eyes, he placed one portion in his mouth, rind and all.
As I read, I grew to almost hate the tree. Perhaps I was wrong to ascribe agency to a mere plant, but it seemed to me that a fraudulent medium could not have played her grieving victim more deftly than the tree played Holmes, now and then offering some tantalising glimpse of the truth he sought, but far more often withholding it to elicit greater exertions on Holmes’ part.
"None in the kitchen, and that's where you'd think they would be," she answered. "It's whispering, too, not just movement. Or I keep thinking it's whispering, but it doesn't seem to be voices, either."
The entry was in Holmes' spidery hand, unquestionably authentic, but it discomfited me greatly. The Moriarty herein appeared to be a mathematics professor, and thus could very well be the same Moriarty who, much to my sorrow, murdered my friend at Reichenbach Falls. Yet this entry suggested that Moriarty had been one of Holmes' tutors at school and that they had been on friendly terms for years afterward. And not just friendly terms: why did Holmes name Moriarty as someone to whom he owed gratitude? If it were the same man, no wonder Holmes had spoken of Moriarty with such respect and venom, days before their mutual deaths: given this history, Holmes' feeling of betrayal when he discovered Moriarty's true nature must have been considerable.
will forgive me practising on him, I am sure. It is a pity I cannot bring him in on the experiment, but my lies must have some audience, and
I do not require the reader to acquire his own copy of Marryat's, but reproduce the relevant lines here:
"That's fine, that's fine," Holmes said, tucking the cheque away in his dressing gown. "Tell your mistress I'll do what I can for her."
is an honest man, fundamentally decent in his nature, and deserves a better companion than I. For a few seconds I cravenly entertained the proposition, so great was my desire, before seeing its utter impossibility. I almost hate how low I have become in my experiments with this Tree; I could not bear to drag
Mrs Hudson soon found a black cloth for me, which I wound around the lamp's chimney. "Mind you don't set the place ablaze with that," she warned me, as I trimmed the wick as low as it would go.
The strain was starting to tell on the poor miss. She trembled, she quivered, she shivered, but in accordance with her mistress's orders, she did not fidget. It was a touching show of devotion, and even I, who took no intrinsic pleasure in Mrs Klein's wielding of the rod, found Susan's display inspiring. I worked Holmes's drooling penis in my hand, while he clutched me in excited fervor.
"How long now?" I asked.
I pressed my ear to the door. Whatever was inside was still now; I could hear nothing.
"Couldn't it be fought in the courts, if it is so damaging as that?" I asked. "A libel injunction, to prevent it from being published?"
The Tree seemed to welcome him in a voiceless chorus, just beyond the edge of my hearing.
He kissed me, so hard as to take my breath away. "No need, my boy. I feel too tenderly towards you to be so cruel."
"The good doctor is shocked, I think," said Mrs Klein, arranging herself on her settee. "Men are always so squeamish about blood."
Some hours later came is answer, still employing the same cipher:
the Fruit
tonight and an excellent dinner after to celebrate a successful conclusion to Grice Paterson's little problem. Before retiring,
"I hope I am. I hope you'll allow me to be."
"No, I owe one to you," I said urgently.
was announcing Holmes' death, as if they had not announced it two years before. I knew my editor would be gratified to see the notice — indeed, he had likely passed the news to the
"When I was seven, Grandfather died, and Mycroft then being away at school, my father and I moved to the Great Hall, so that my father might take up his duties as the new squire.
Gratitude, too, for what I owed him. But something has become twisted in him — or perhaps it was always twisted, and I was too young and naïve to see it. There is something rotten there, and I wonder that I had never known it before.
says, whispered to the tree in the dark of night, will fuel its growth and the production of a truth-revealing fruit: one truth for one lie, the revealed truth in proportion to the importance of the falsehood and the number of people taken in by it.
I thanked her for her kindness. With a last lingering glance at Holmes' door, she left.
It was indeed a lab notebook, one of the series that he used to keep near his chemical table. This one seemed to have been begun just for the purpose of documenting his experiments with the tree, for the first entry, dated in July of 1887, read:
"That was Steve Dixie. She is a dangerous woman, but rather more to the fair sex than to you or I. She is one of those women who have overshot her true generation. She should have been a buck in the days of the Regency—a boxer, an athlete, a plunger on the turf, a lover of fair ladies, and so far down Queer Street that she will never find her way back again."
She gave me a poisonous look, but gathered up her skirts. "An axe, sir, and then you will both explain!"
Hungering to please him as much as I hungered for his penis, I impaled myself upon it. I drove myself forward, grinding my lips into his pubes, taking his majestic length down to its hairy root. "That's it, John, yes! Swallow me whole!" he cried, and his tone of command worked so profoundly upon me that I took myself in my fist, my hand pumping and squeezing my own purple plum.
At that, the Tree seemed to groan, the trunk twisting and tearing. In the close confines of Holmes' room, the Tree couldn't do anything so majestic as topple, but the trunk sundered and sagged, the branches around my head tilting and sinking as their support gave way. Holmes reversed his grip on the axe, and left-handed, struck from the other side, severing the last connection between roots and trunk.
Susan gave a piteous whimper.
Holmes let the axe rest on the ground and turned to me. "Are you all right, Watson?" Again he took my chin, holding me still so he could search my eyes.
"I'm entirely rational, Watson."
"You show it very well, my darling," Mrs Klein replied, a statement that made Susan bloom with pleasure—only for her to seize in agony when the next stroke landed. Eight strokes, just as Holmes had predicted: there was no room for another.
As for my libel of Professor James Moriarty, who, while criminal, was not nearly so criminal as my story claimed, Holmes and I have made what reparations we can to his brother, Colonel James Moriarty, although he has expressed little desire to communicate with either of us.
"The Tree, having its little joke." Holmes rifled the papers again, and this time drew forth the picture of the two Naval officers, so similar in appearance. "Alike, are they not? When I was investigating Captain Sherrinford Holmes' naval career, that was something one powder boy, then liver-spotted with age, remembered distinctly: how alike the captain and his third lieutenant were. Everyone said my grandfather was hardly the same man when he returned from the war. They may have been more right than they knew."
I understood, then, the tension in him — he had endured two and a half years of hardship and loneliness, and was about to discover whether it was worth the sacrifice. The sandwich went to dry ash in my mouth, and I laid the remainder aside.
"John," I corrected him, and tilting his face up to mine, I kissed him.
He looked at me then, his eyes full of pain and loneliness, and I ached for him.
"But you believed me dead, exactly as I intended. I deserve as much." He looked at me again, his eyes searching mine. "You said you read all of it?"
I admit I am flummoxed. Was
"Isadora Klein, as I may have suggested before, has little interest in men for their own sake, preferring to find comfort and affection in the arms of other women. Nevertheless, she has made a lucrative sideline for herself in maltreating men who crave pain from a beautiful and graceful pair of hands. Douglas Maberley was one such man, and the young Duke of Lomond, who might almost be her son, is another. The Duke offered marriage to her, which she accepted, and in deference to his wishes, she cut ties with all the other men of her acquaintance. Maberley, unwilling to be put aside, offered her marriage as well—but alas, he did not have the advantages of a duke. Unfortunately, Maberley did not accept her rejection and insisted on pressing his suit, and when she forcibly turned him away, he wrote a book telling all—the very manuscript you burned this evening, Watson."
"Perfectly," I said, bewildered by what he had just done. "But the Tree, and your quest for your father!"
and a mourning band to go with it.
"Like you and I," I said, for Holmes and I had made a permanent residence for ourselves on that humble boulevard.
Mrs Hudson seemed to hear it, too. "What is in there, that he has kept that door locked all this time?"
That had a stiffening effect on the creature's spirit. "No, mistress. I'm ready, mistress." Then, pitifully, as if her courage failed her, "How many, please, mistress?"
as I changed a date or name to protect myself from the inconvenience of a defamation suit. Lies I had told plentifully, without reservation or remorse.
At last she gathered herself and pulled away, patting her eyes dry. She looked him up and down, and then with a frown looked around the room, which had stood untouched for two and a half years.
"Holmes?" I asked. "What is it?"
Why the publication of the final story should have taken me so profoundly, more than even the act of penning it and sending it to my publisher, I do not know. Perhaps I fancied that while Holmes still lived in the
I unlocked the door to my practice for Holmes, then stepped next door to speak to Anstruther and ask him to take my patients for the day. I had used to do so before Holmes' supposed death, when he wished me to accompany him on a case, but never once since Mary's passing. Anstruther eyed my rumpled and unshaven state, but mildly agreed to see to my practice for me. I descended his stairs and climbed mine, and duly hung the placard directing my patients to see my neighbour. Inside, I went upstairs to my rooms and gave Jane the day off, not wishing to be disturbed by her daily routine.
The Tree screamed.
I have just returned from Stoke Moran in Sussex. As the vision foretold, there was a baboon and a cheetah there, and more importantly, a deadly snake. Helen Stoner had not yet crossed my door when I had the vision, so the fruit did not unlock some half-hidden knowledge already in my head — a solution that I had devised, but which had not yet percolated up from my mind's depths. The vision was indubitably new knowledge, entirely independent of me.
Gathering myself, I stood back from him.
Susan went white with dismay, but steeling herself, she gripped the sawhorse legs firmly in her hands. Mrs Klein experimentally sliced the cane through the air, the air whistling with its passage, making me shiver with the remembered terrors of schoolmasters and head boys. Susan, that brave soul, did not twitch. I could feel Holmes' rapt attention in the fever of his hand on my penis and his eager breath in my ear.
When at last I pulled away, Holmes' own face was wet. He did not seem embarrassed, however, and only searched my face with concern.
"It's more foul than I remembered," he said, but made himself eat the second portion, a little more stoically than the first. Then he settled back in my chair, his fingers steepled before his face.
Holmes tenderly took the widow's hand. "Indeed, no mother should read such a document. It is best that it is relegated to the depths of obscurity, forgotten forever."
I passed across my coin and took my evening paper in exchange, returning to the modest rooms above my practice in Paddington, rooms I had once shared with Mary. That evening they felt lonelier than ever without Mary to comfort me for Holmes' loss, nor Holmes to comfort me for Mary's. There was an especial cruelty to losing them so close together, friend and helpmeet in nearly one stroke.
Holmes knew what he was about — his request to command him got my blood up, overcoming any objections I might have made. Holmes ordinarily has a strong, commanding nature; I have seen lords and even royalty yield to him in his investigations. But now and again in the privacy of our rooms he chose to relinquish command to me, an act that never failed to fill me with tenderness and reverence for him, even as we invariably ended up rutting like beasts.
"It may know, but it can't be induced to tell you what it knows. Surely you've proven that by now."
"After I learned my profession, I returned to my ancestral home, still managed by Cousin Merritt, to discover what I could, now that I had a man's skill and knowledge. I consulted with Mycroft on what he had discovered at the time, reinterviewed the servants who still served at the Hall, and made new inquiries in the village. I searched in Liverpool and, when that proved useless, I investigated the facts of Sherrinford's service, imprisonment, and court martial, hypothesising that my grandfather's death had precipitated some sequence of events that led to my father's disappearance. Unfortunately, some fifteen years had passed — and forty-five years since Grandfather's naval service — so there was little new evidence to be gained. Everyone connected to my father had formulated his own theory of what had happened and twisted half-remembered facts to suit his own narrative. The men who had served with my grandfather had mostly perished with the Scylla, and those who had not were now old men who remembered Sherrinford Holmes as a fine and upright man, without a professional shadow to his name until the day he lost the Scylla. Perhaps if I had been a man grown into my full powers at the time my father disappeared I could have discovered something. But at such a remove, it was impossible.
At last his reply arrived:
I was taken by surprise, and I regret I was overly curt with him. "That won't be necessary, thank you," I snapped. There was something obscenely theatrical about wearing fresh mourning for Holmes, as if I had not been grieving him quietly for years.
I ached for a young boy's loss of a beloved father. "And that's why you became a detective?" I asked. "To investigate your father's disappearance?"
"I already sent a note around, while you were convincing Mrs Hudson not to throw you out." Negotiations between the two had been tense, but she had eventually softened enough to permit him to remain as her lodger, even condescending to send up a fresh pot of coffee for our morning's vigil.
"Is Holmes in?"
"But this is monstrous!"
"Not at all," I reassured him.
"Yes," she admitted. "That woman sent an agent to attempt to buy Douglas's effects—to think, she tried to buy a mother's last memories of her son! When I refused to sell his effects wholesale, she tried to buy only the manuscript in particular. Of course I sat down and read it, then. Oh, how I wish I had not!"
"But come, Mr Holmes, please do tell us how you prevailed," she said. "I am sure the Duke will be most interested to hear how his future happiness was preserved."
It had been so, although I had not thought of it such. I meant to say so, but just then Susan howled: Mrs Klein had moved to the far side of the sawhorse, and out of our sight, closed the second clamp on the girl's defenseless nipple. This time when Susan reared up the chain snagged on the beam of the sawhorse, pulling viciously at her unfortunate and abused breasts. She hastily laid herself flat again, her hips bucking instead, but what began as an honest expression of pain soon devolved into grinding her swollen clitoris on the leather covering of the sawhorse.
"I will
"Stay where you are!" I ordered, and groped my way back to the door, stumbling over roots in the blackness.
story, but I am intrigued nonetheless: why does he bring me this plant at all, and what does he hope to accomplish by telling me such tales about it?
"Running for my life," he said, and for one bewildering moment I believed him, despite having only an hour earlier read contrary testimony in his own hand. But the truth washed over me with a shock, and I stared at him in dismay. His lie had come smoothly and naturally, and I could see now how I had been taken in so readily before.
Mrs Klein's smile was queenly and affectionate. "If you're finished pouring, dear, come here by me."
"Aye, he came to the house." She shuddered. "I could barely sleep in my own bed, all the next month. I give thanks regularly that man is dead and can't trouble us any more."
"I see that your practice is doing well," Holmes said.
We worked with a steely determination. Mrs Hudson returned with the second axe, complaining that Marie Turner, who kept boarders of her own next door, would not soon forgive being rousted at two in the morning for an axe for her chickens. Before turning the axe over to us, however, Mrs Hudson demanded her explanation.
"A gift for five years of loyal and dedicated service," Mrs Klein said. "Susan was very good, and held scrupulously still for me. I could not have asked for better."
"Photosensitive chemicals," I said automatically.
into my confidence then, confessed all and asked him to stand guard over me in my trance. He would have disliked it greatly: he dislikes all my vices, and has unwittingly spoken strongly to me on the subject of the fruit's effects upon me, when he thought it was only morphine I was taking. Knowing the fruit's true nature and provenance would bring him no ease; indeed, it would likely incite him to greater anxiety. Nevertheless, he would have performed the service if I had asked, if only because it was I who asked it.
Unfortunately, after that we only saw bad luck — bad luck, the coward's name for bad management! There was not a suite to be had in all Brussels, and
"But courage and devotion are always admirable," Holmes replied, "whatever the form of the body in which they appear. Dr Watson and I would be honoured by a demonstration."
Inky darkness filled Holmes' room, unrelieved by even the light of the gas lamps in the street: Holmes had covered the windows with heavy drapes like those at the doorway. I tried to push the door's curtain back to let in more light, but it was doubled back and heavily weighted, and resisted my efforts. I struck out blindly for the gas fixture by the door; suspended, flexible obstructions — leaves, they felt like, but how could they be leaves? — brushed at my face and arm. When I tried to step out, I stumbled on something. I found the gas fixture, but although the flint sparked when I turned the knob, there was no answering hiss of gas: the plumbing was disconnected. Thwarted, I fumbled my way back to the door and shoved past the drape into the light.
He looked at me with disappointment. "You said you wouldn't stand in the way of my discovering what happened to Father."
he might yet step out from its pages and back into my life. Perhaps it was only that the publication of my account of Holmes' death marked the end of an era. But as July's heat inexorably decayed into November's chill, the successive issues of the
A fabulous creature with a tea tray had entered the room, her skirts cut so high as to show the tops of her stockings. She swayed across the floor with tiny, mincing steps, and I saw that she had no choice but to walk so, for her shoes not only had precariously tall and slender heels, but were connected by a short length of fine silver chain, which thence wound around each instep to bind her shoes to her feet. The chain's links were so delicate that she could have burst them with a single imprudent step, but she walked with a demure and infinitely patient gait. She placed the tea tray on a table near the settee; Mrs Klein indicated that we should take the roomy armchairs nearby.
"The Tree is photoreactive," Holmes said. "All plants are, of course, but this one will ignite violently if daylight strikes it. We must have it all in the garden by daybreak, every last leaf and twig, well away from the house walls, lest it take Baker Street with it when it goes up in flame."
I stopped reading, confused by the reference to Moriarty in 1887, years earlier than I understood them to have first crossed paths. Of far greater consternation to me, however, was the appearance of friendly acquaintance between them. But Moriarty was not an uncommon name; simply because Professor James Moriarty, criminal mastermind and the Napoleon of Crime, was on my mind that day, did not mean that every use of that surname referred to him.
"Is there not something inspiring in her devotion?" he whispered back, the heat in his voice making me shiver. The girl did little for me, but Holmes's arousal was magnetic. "She is willing to withstand any torment in perfect submission to her mistress's pleasure. Did you not feel the same this morning, when you impaled yourself on my cock?" The hand that had been curled around my waist dropped to my trouser-fronts and caressed my length. "I was neither kind nor gentle with you this morning, and yet you strove to please me, even at the cost of your own discomfort. Tell me now, did not your zealous desire to please me make my own pleasure even sweeter? Did not my own pleasure in your devotion increase your own ecstasy?"
"The Three Gables," Holmes announced, surveying the place; indeed, three small projections above the upper windows made a feeble attempt to justify the name. "It was a merry chase that led me here! My client asked that I track down and acquire for her a certain manuscript, a cruel and scurrilous document that would thoroughly defame her reputation, should it become public. I went to Rome to negotiate with its author, but he predeceased me and the manuscript slipped through my grasp. I have tracked it here, where it was sent with the rest of his effects. I hope to intercept it before its current owner does anything so rash as to send it on to a publisher."
"Too intensely, Mr Holmes. That was the ruin of him. You remember him as he was—debonair and splendid. You did not see the moody, morose, brooding creature into which he developed. His heart was broken. In a single month I seemed to see my gallant boy turn into a worn-out cynical man."
I sat stunned for a moment, it was so unlike him, before I rushed into the corridor and down the stairs. But his long legs were faster than mine, and the front door shut behind him just as I reached the foyer. I dashed out into the street bareheaded, but the fog had pressed close during the course of the evening, and already concealed him from view. "Holmes!" I called. "Holmes!"
"The Holmeses are a line of staid country squires in Lancashire, as unremarkable as they are respectable, with a custom of sending their younger sons to sea. Sherrinford Holmes was one such younger son, and had the honour of serving the Crown in its fight against the French Republic. Sherrinford distinguished himself favourably in that war, rising to the rank of captain by the time the Peace of Amiens was signed. During that peace, he married my grandmother, the daughter of the Portsmouth harbour master, but they had only a few weeks together before he was called again, this time to the fight against French tyranny.
Another pause. Magnussen ran his finger along the rim of his cup as he contemplated this piece of news for a second.
Magnussen was a cunning character and not even Sherlock or Mycroft had so far managed to beat him. Was this really going to work on a man so devious that two geniuses had so far failed in all their efforts?
When Sherlock continued to ignore him, Mycroft picked up a ruler that lay discarded on the table and poked his brother in the ribs with it to get a reaction from him.
Besides, Sherlock had told him to leave and considering the state of his dishevelled appearance and the dining room reeking of sex, sweat and bodily fluids it was best if he managed to sneak out unseen.
“You know it won’t be like that,” he said.
“Patience, gorgeous,” John smiled before he returned to the now red and pulsating cock in front of him, swallowing it and then bobbing his head up and down with increasing pace while Sherlock’s fingers in his hair sent his eyes actually tearing from the intensity of the grip.
conveniently, even if he was a creature of impulse and Mycroft must have ruffled his feathers by lecturing him in the hallway at Baker Street.
He wasn’t sure how to end that sentence but knew that his point had come across anyway. Mycroft reluctantly allowed him to carry on.
On the one time he doesn’t, the man gets abducted by a former intelligence agent and is nowhere to be found!
Who these people were and why he had killed them to begin with was still shrouded in mystery and Mycroft dryly noted that it was matted for the police to work with, rather than his own agents. And when he saw the spark of interest in his brother’s eyes, he added that it was not a matter for him to deal with either.
“Doesn’t look it from the pictures.”
A jolt shoots through him as he sees the photo.
The way the young man was dressed also went against the theory of this being an employee, no one worked in a crisp white shirt and dress pants when the risk of getting grease and dirt on your clothes was unavoidable. John put his own working clothes in the wash bin after each shift for that very same reason.
If his little brother had been present, he would probably had made a comment about returning the favour. None of this would have happened if Mycroft hadn’t insisted on pimping him out in the first place.
“No offence taken, I’ll gladly accept your invitation, Mr Trevor”
He has not yet managed to rid himself of the feeling of regret whenever he considers that he went to work while Jeremy Marcus most likely already had Sherlock in his possession.
It was tempting to reach out and prevent him from leaving, demand some answers, but considering that his brother was continually keeping tabs on his movements, as per usual, it wouldn’t do to be caught creating a scene out in public. So Sherlock decided to let the man leave for now. He had other ways of contacting him later and instead he turned with the parcel still in his hand and closed the door behind him to shut out any prying eyes or surveillance cameras.
Studiously ignoring both Magnussen and Mycroft he brough the attention of a passing waiter who refilled his glass which he once again downed in one go and he could hear Mycroft sigh next to him as he asked for a third fill-up.
“You have the right to terminate our arrangement of course, as I stated when we agreed on it in the first place. But I have to confess that I am slightly disappointed that you’re throwing in the towel this late into the game. Think of the advantages, stick it out for the remaining time and you’ll have a whole new career to look forward to. I’m even willing to increase your salary to sweeten the prospect, as I’m well aware of some feathers having been ruffled on account of my brother’s latest behaviour.....”
The excitement in Sherlock’s eyes made their previous worries fade temporarily.
“Nonetheless, it would be appreciated if you decided to join us. I’m sure Sherlock would like it as well.”
Without saying too much, Mycroft had hinted that Sherlock was still feeling unwell and was bedridden, unfortunately making it impossible for Victor to stop by for a visit and this had clearly displeased Victor very much.
“Gee, thanks…” John muttered.
************
“I am trying to get to the point, but you caught me off guard by asking about something as irrelevant as Magnussen when there is something much more interesting to be addressed.”
This situation was close to unbearable if this was how Victor was going to behave from now on, until the business with Magnussen came to an end.
“Oh, it was brutal. Until a year ago it was the most humiliating thing I’ve ever experienced, and he has never missed an opportunity to remind me of it,” Sherlock grimly concluded.
Mycroft would of course never meet Mrs Purcell, he had only seen her briefly at the funeral and they did not know each other. But it would do well for Magnussen to contemplate what wreckage he left behind with his actions. Not that it was likely he would care.
for that matter. I’m actually more than a bit surprised by your lack of action.”
“The gun didn’t contain real bullets. Do you really think I would allow a halfwit like Trevor to walk around with a gun after finding out that he had stolen your service weapon and threatened you with it? Just imagine the disaster caused by someone like him, plagued by jealousy, and armed to boot, it would have been irresponsible of me to have permitted such a threat to continue hanging over our heads any longer than necessary.”
Despite knowing the risk of turning his back against a man with such a volatile temper as Victor had, he kept walking and to his relief he heard no steps following from behind. After an additional few steps he turned his head to glance backwards, confirming that the spot where Victor had stood was now deserted.
This was always the worst part.
“Absolutely fucking sure! For one, I have seen the mess surrounding your chemistry set, there is no way I would put anything on my cock that has been produced under such biohazardous conditions!
The only common description seems to be that he looks non-descript, and considering that no one seems to recollect ever having met with the man, that seems about right.
It took him almost a full minute to recognize what it was.
Magnussen took a final sip and then put the glass down again.
Despite feeling confident that he now knew the reason for the man’s severe reaction, he also realised that time might be of essence as it depended on the gravity of the reaction if he was going to survive until the ambulance got here.
It was sheer luck that Sherlock, when it came to the subject of love, was so obtuse, however surprising as it was to use such a word when describing his little brother.
Sherlock shook his head at this, clearly not seeing the situation the way John did.
The house was no longer anyone’s home, the place was deserted, put up for sale as the previous owner had decided to move into town and leave every lingering memory behind.
Resolutely he turned his steps towards his home as the morning sun was beginning to rise from behind the trees and another day was about to start. A new day with a clean slate and the promise of less troubled times ahead.
While talking, Magnussen had moved towards him the whole time and was now standing almost uncomfortably close. John wondered if the other man would be able to notice the panic he was experiencing beneath the calm surface he was trying to convey.
Then there are endless feeds of the two of them sitting, lying or standing around silently, minding their own business, taking comfort in each other’s company but content to do so without words being spoken.
“That’s were my
There was a moment of silence in which John envisioned how the other man took the time to contemplate this piece of information. As he spoke again there was a tone of doubt in his voice and the hand holding the gun was slightly wavering, the pressure decreasing.
Not very unlike Mycroft, John thought grimly.
" I know this man far better than you do and this is simply the easiest and less dangerous way of achieving what we want. It is, as you say, so impish that he won’t see it coming. So far, I don’t think he even knows that I consider him a threat. We met just the other week and there was nothing but the usual polite cordiality between us. He is otherwise known for expressing his intentions rather directly.”
And with those final words he steered a baffled Mycroft out on the porch before firmly closing the door in his face and headed back upstairs to join John for a well-deserved cup of tea.
“What car? So help me God if you tell me that
He smacked his lips together as if still able to feel the taste and Mycroft visibly shuddered, resisting the urge to simply storm out, leaving this repugnant man in his wake, not caring about showing any loss of temper or signs of weakness.
While Mycroft made himself comfortable, straightening his trousers from any imaginable creases, John came to life on the sofa and sat up, blinking like an owl while trying to take in the situation more properly.
“Where is Sherlock?” John frantically twisted his head as if in the presence of a cobra, looking for the snake charmer to come around the corner to his rescue.
John thought but did not say.
Pain and suffering, if knowing there was a light at the end of the tunnel was one thing. This agonising torture with no hope in sight was simply awful and gutting to realise.
Absentmindedly he began to unbutton his shirt while letting his eyes roam the room.
Mycroft suddenly lashed forward so his face ended up inches from Sherlock’s, his eyes fiery with anger.
Luckily the wait didn’t last long.
It was a picture of him, cuffed to the ceiling of Magnussen’s living room, naked from the waste up, the undone button of his trousers fully visible. But the worst part was the look on his own face that could be described as portraying temptation and gladly so. There was no question about him being a willing participant in whatever it was that he was about to do.
John nodded towards the phone lying on the table next to Sherlock.
“You know that your safety is my biggest concern, Sherlock.”
Anger surged through him as he stared at the faceless predator looming over the defenceless man on the bed and even if it wasn’t a direct portrait, John knew exactly why Magnussen had seemingly cherished the motif when they had last met in this room.
With the one exception currently lying in that hospital bed in front of him who had somehow wormed his way into the decidedly small core pumping out blood to his system and put up residence there while the logical part of Mycroft’s brain screamed at him about the foolery of letting anyone gain access to something as intimate as his heart.
Instead he went for calm indifference and shrugged before he walked over to a small sofa to get seated, not waiting for it to be offered to him. Like the beverage it was clear that Magnussen was not going to offer him anything.
So of course John’s nightly visitor had not been his mind playing tricks on him. And neither was the eerily familiar item that quite forcefully pressed against his back right now.
He let his index finger glide across the screen to reveal that the message was a missed call that had gone to voice mail.
Mycroft was seldom to be seen as he was either away working or locked up in his office. On those particular occasions they had to be careful and John had initially not wanted to do anything while he was still under the same roof as them.
“Would you rather have me flapping my arm around in hysterics, unable to do anything of use?”
The peace was unfortunately disturbed when Victor suddenly clinked his glass and rose from his seat to address the group gathered at the table while John inwardly sighed and braced himself for whatever was coming. Victor looked almost emotional as he opened his mouth to speak so this was bound to get teeth-rottingly sweet and nauseating.
This is next level, even for Mycroft and if here right now he would find himself with Johns hands around his throat, squeezing hard against his windpipes.
“I passed on your message to him from when we last met, Mr Magnussen. But as I pointed out then, I can hardly force his hand. I can perhaps remind him....,” he began, but Magnussen raised his hand and Mycroft silenced in surprise.
John swallows before replying. His throat feel slightly constricted.
“I suppose there is no harm in hearing what sort of offer you might have for me. I’m not agreeing to anything in advance though, is that clear, Mr Magnussen?”
Sherlock was likely a person who would continue to provoke the people around him until he drew his last breath, to Mycroft bitter chagrin, even if he secretly hoped that marriage would manage to slow his brother down at least a little bit.
“And why is that? You’re hired to tend to him twice a week, what has prevented you from performing your duties all of a sudden? You’ve been practically glued to him ever since Mycroft hired you.”
Mycroft was always so ridiculously  rational and sometimes rational was boring when there were other ways to go about things.
When not receiving what he wanted, Magnussen turned his head to look at the painting and for a second John almost expected him to make a comment about it, perhaps even make some thinly veiled remark that would mean nothing to a person who didn’t know the circumstances but that would feel like pressing a dagger straight into John’s pulsating heart. Magnussen was clearly out to needle him tonight.
He knows that they are somewhere in the cellar of a nondescript building that Mycroft apparently uses as some sort of surveillance headquarters, most likely not in an official capacity since the surveillance has to do with his brother. Mycroft is as slippery as an eel and probably has other buildings as well that caters to his every need, workwise as well as practicing what he does in a more private capacity.
Sherlock gave him a quick scrutiny.
One recurring disagreement between them, stemming so far back as Sherlock’s university days, was his brother’s childish wish to become a consulting detective.
” as if that was
It was all a bit extreme to be honest and was he really willing to take part in something he probably would never fully comprehend?
And with  those words he got out of the car and walked away, not bothering to close the door behind him, feeling a childish satisfaction in knowing that Mycroft would have to either do it himself or ask his driver to do it, because John was done doing anything more for this man and it was with a satisfied grin on his face that he walked back into work.
that unsettles you?”
“He was picked up by a car a little over an hour ago, nothing out of the ordinary really, most likely case related. We kept track of the car as long as it moved about the city area, it was just an ordinary car, not one of Magnussen’s. I can check if someone has some information regarding destination, Sir.”
“I...well...”John began, not sure what to say, realising that he should perhaps have been more worried about Victor Trevor and the stolen gun than he actually had been.
“Assumingly the same as your tone of voice indicated.”
John hates the feeling of being left out. He is allowed to be here but is rendered close to useless by not being given a task to perform and the clock is ticking away mercilessly.
No, better to just call it a night and get out of here.
As he was about to slip back under the covers, he caught sight of his phone, still on the duvet where he had left it. He stretched out his right hand to remove it, put it back on the nightstand again, even if he wouldn’t plug the charger back into the socket as long as the storm was causing lightning to flash across the sky.
This more direct proof of John’s pumping fist around his cock combined with panting his flatmate’s name while evidentially picturing Sherlock as he pleasured himself did however confirm Mycroft’s suspicions.
Something pulled at his heartstrings for a brief second but just as quickly as that sensation had made itself known, it was gone again, tampered down by cold hard disbelief.
The question is what he was doing in the house at that hour, Magnussen mused but didn’t say out loud.
He tried remembering how many bullets the gun contained. Well, plenty to put a hole through him if necessary. Better avoid that if possible....
The drugged tea.
“Tell me, Dr Watson, what method did he use to persuade you into going along with his plan?  I didn’t believe for a second that you would be amenable to sell him out, so strictly speaking I knew you were wasting my time. But this, your face right now, that is priceless! It was even worth the hassle of using my driver to take you on that pointless ride back and forth for nothing.”
“A compliment from the man who would rather drink poison than acknowledge that his little brother could be the one to finally crack our dilemma with Magnussen? That might actually deserve a toast.”
“For him to end up in a coma he must have taken a lot!”
John opened his eyes, feeling slightly calmer now. He was ready to wrap this up now.
“What’s the real reason behind his resignation, Mycroft? You never even bothered telling me he had quit. I had to find out from the man himself.”
Inside, they were soon greeted by colleagues and others that knew of Mycroft either from experience or reputation. It was the usual group of people that frequented these sorts of events and he seldom bothered to come as the whole purpose of these gatherings held no interest for him.
“Are you ready?”
The moment he sees it, he makes a decision, tugs the cable with the USB connector out, puts one end of it into his own phone and the other end into the computer and downloads the file. There isn’t enough room on his phone for any larger files, so it ends up just being the segment he was currently watching.
Even if the doctor didn’t accompany his brother wherever he went, he did
“Not for me to say, Watson. Just get a move on, I’ve wasted a good twenty minutes looking for you already, I’m not about to waste another ten by explaining things that you will soon have the answer too anyway.”
Granted, Sherlock being tied to a bed in his enemy’s possession was as good as defeat anyway, but the realisation what defeat really meant was unacceptable to John, he couldn’t handle it, refused to acknowledge that the game was actually over.
Luckily, Mycroft had already edited a lot of the more compromising bits so the damage was minimal, bit it still annoys him that he had failed to prevent Dr Watson from almost exposing his little secret.
They all knew.
“We had a visitor this afternoon who wanted to check out the laboratories. People are just curious whenever someone from the outside decides to pop by, there is nothing exciting about it beyond that.”
Quite content with this solution, John put in some additional energy into making the final distance back to the barrack, satisfied with tonight’s events, both the plotting he had done with Sherlock, as well as this new idea he had thought of himself.
And if he was completely honest with himself, there was something bordering on excitement when he thought about the opportunity to spend some time with the man he had helped earlier today, based solely on appearance of course as he had nothing else to go on, but still, he was hardly going to deny that the man was attractive and John had felt very lonely for quite a while now.
John shrugged.
Lately though John had a started to suspect  that Sherlock had begun to catch on.
Had it not been Sherlock and Mycroft, John wouldn’t have given it a second’s thought and if not for the fact that there is a glitch in the reel, he would probably not have put as much importance to it, frowned perhaps, because
Sherlock took a long drag from his cigarette, as if vying for time, but then launched himself into it without hesitation or pause.
He should have focused on his future employment at the research facility and not allowed himself to be distracted by carnal desire and Sherlock’s magnetism.
“But you nearly died yesterday from a wasp sting!”
This was probably not a car used by the person he was going to meet, but a rental for the occasion. This made him wonder how much this mysterious man actually knew about him. If he knew what Sherlock did for a living he probably knew how good he was at deducing things from the smallest of details and therefor he had chosen a car devoid of any details to analyse. Or maybe he had simply just hired a car. It was not worth analysing without further data, so he leant back in his seat and simply allowed himself to be chauffeured to whatever destination he was headed.
Meanwhile the others, to John’s baffled surprise, began taking pictures of the scene, detailed ones, close-ups of both men, of the bed, of every single seedy detail that would have befitted the publication of a scandal rag.
Mycroft had tried to warn him in the beginning to be careful, but he had allowed himself to be mesmerized by Sherlock’s magnetic beauty and intelligence, had manage to ignore all the alarm bells going off as their relationship had transgressed and now he suddenly stood in front of a stranger that he had no idea what to make of, who also had the gall to throw everything John had cherished straight back in his face with the words that informed him that it had all been nothing but a cruel game on his part and that John had been foolish to have fallen  for it.
------------------------------------------------------
If his text message didn’t yield any results, he would have to resort to finding Sherlock through other elements. But that was always a solution that annoyed his brother immensely, as he felt Mycroft abused his power and resources to keep track of him in a too intusive manner, so it was always a risk going down that road.
John hoped he kept himself on the right side of indifference, it would not do to seem too stand-offish or Magnussen might decide that he wasn’t worth the effort. But there was also the matter of trying to no come off as too eager, raising the other man’s suspicions instead.
“Oh you did save my life, thank you for that by the way, but it was not caused by a wasp sting. And Mycroft obviously knows that, which is the reason for putting up this whole charade just to prove to me that he knows. He must have somehow figured it out after leaving the hospital, he certainly didn’t say anything about it last night.”
“And so your dirty mind naturally begins to wander.”
Mycroft sighed and turned his eyes to look at his brother.
John rose to rest on his elbows but did not move beyond that. A pang of worry made itself known inside of him though when he noticed how tense Sherlock suddenly looked.
He has his phone with the manipulated file in his pocket as well as the gun tucked inside his jacket and he is determined to get some proper answers this time. If he doesn't....
While Mycroft did his best to supress the mounting uneasiness he was beginning to experience, a sense of doom clouding his thoughts as his own mind tried to fill in all the blanks Magnussen had not yet divulged, the other man picked up his cutlery that had laid discarded next to his plate ever since Mycroft had interrupted his dinner. He determinedly carved out a piece of his steak and joyfully chewed it before dabbing his lips.
“That can be arranged,” Mycroft calmly informed him.
This was the desired effect after all, the reaction he had wanted, and squirming and flinching was not a part of the persona he was trying to present.
Better to pretend that everything was like it had been made to appear for the last couple of days, with an apparent truce between them, however falsified the reality of that truce really was. Mycroft was nothing less than professional in the art of playing diplomatically polite when necessary.
If the rest of the house was very bare and minimalistic, this room was quite the opposite. It had probably been like the rest of the house once because there were still signs of the pristine furniture beneath all the chaos that was now dominating the room, but presumably Sherlock had done his very best to erase whatever Mycroft had tried to achieve with his bland interior design.
He was no Mycroft Holmes of course. Mycroft had the brain of a whole intelligence network whereas Sherlock was more like a single computer, efficient and decidedly clever, smarter than most people, but also suffering from glitches to the system from time to time. Was this one of those times or had the brothers once again decided that Magnussen’s weight of knowledge was too oppressive and had arranged to get some breathing space from his demands by performing a staged vanishing act?
“I am inclined to agree that you are probably right on that account, although I would have hoped that the change in your relationship status would have decreased, if not put a stop to such actions by now.”
John’s voice had grown decidedly angrier with each step he took away from Sherlock, slamming the vial of homemade lubricant on top of a crate pushed into a corner of the room, quite forcefully.
It was a silent night and apart from the sound of the wind slightly rustling the leaves in the bushes around him, it seemed like he was completely alone, and yet he felt very aware of a presence lurking somewhere in the dark.
“I did no such thing. It was you who so uncandidly spoke about your affairs, piquing his interest regarding your affairs.”
That thought hit him with the impact of a tidal wave every time his mind caught onto that fact and he rose from his position on the sofa to pour himself the last remnants of the wine bottle standing on the floor conveniently within his reach.
“Don’t look so scandalized, Mycroft. Your must have known that your precious brother was bound to be snatched from your protective clutches one day. Or is it the mention of him having
Dr Roylott stepped up to the head of the bed again and met his eyes, the smile still playing on his lips slightly. It was preferable to the full-blown grin, at least this didn’t make him look demented.
As he was preparing to leave this place and not return, a snide remark to make the man back away seemed like the most effective way to dispose of his unwanted attention. If he did as he was told, Sherlock might not even make a complaint about him to Mycroft afterwards.
“May I remind you that you are the one holding it..." John dryly pointed out.
“Oh, I can just imagine how that must have gone down with your brother…someone trying to blackmail him… He doesn’t strike me as the kind of person who would willingly comply to other people’s demands.”
Granted, it would gain him another companion he wasn’t very keen on sharing the space of his car with at the moment, but at least that person was much more preferable than the Dane.
“He is so very good at whetting a man’s appetite, showcasing that enviable body of his without giving away too much in the beginning, that little brother of yours. And while I eagerly await his next move, I have the pictures to keep me entertained in the meantime. “
Mycroft, still inside his cubicle, pricked his ears at the mention of his name.
“My original strategy had been to hold on to the stolen plans for a day just to spite him, then return them by dropping them in his lap at breakfast, taunting him with the fact that I had broken into his office and stolen something of importance underneath his nose, naturally threatening him with a repeat performance if he didn’t stop interfering with my life.
“Well, it was quite painful,” Sherlock muttered, wanting to reach out to touch the wound, the restraints preventing him from doing so. It pulsated and he could feel how swollen his hand had become.
“I just figured that, depending on what the argument was all about, he might perhaps have been upset afterwards and miscalculated the dose on account of it. As you pointed out earlier, he is a chemist, how likely is it that he would misjudge the amount to take under normal circumstances?”
“I don’t want to sleep…” John mumbled just as his eyelids began to feel heavy, contradicting his own words.
Sometimes the logic of normal people frankly stumped him. Their need to voice the obvious was tiresome. It was one of the few things he and his brother actually agreed on.
He was still somewhat shocked that Sherlock would so easily go along with Mycroft’s plan of secretly having Victor killed, even if a part of him logically could see why they would resort to such a solution.
“Really,
And with those parting words she turned her back against him and began walking back towards the door, not even checking to see if he was following.
It was very sad to consider what a difference a friend at an early age could have made upon Sherlock if he had been given the right tools to achieve that. Mycroft had probably acted out of brotherly concern, but he was hardly the advocate for cultivating friendly relationships and if his opinions had dictated Sherlock’s view of the world throughout childhood it was bound to go pear-shaped eventually.
“I had never heard of him until I met him last Saturday.”
But frankly Sherlock couldn’t care less. Magnussen held no real interest for him. He was a small-time offender, more morally ambiguous than anything else, and if Mycroft hadn’t so firmly asked for his help in this matter, he wouldn’t have given this case a second look.
Magnussen was looking out through the panoramic window of his office, his reflection in the glass showing a nebulous figure in a grey suit, his glasses gleaming in the sunlight coming from outside as he watched the familiar landmarks of the capital’s well known buildings surrounding his office.
Too late for that, there was only the option of surviving the onslaught of conflicting feelings that this person had the bad taste of provoking in him every once in a while, and then ride it out, every damn time.
“So sign it!”
A small voice inside of him insisted that Sherlock might perhaps reciprocate John’s feelings but was too afraid to express them openly, especially considering the complicated situation regarding his upcoming marriage, Mycroft and his seemingly controlling fiancé. He had certainly always looked very happy during their time together and it had been easy for John to bask in that happiness and believe that there were some sort of feelings involved even if Sherlock had never said anything out loud.
With his back turned against John Sherlock then spoke.
With a feeling of unease, he put the receiver down again, sincerely hoping that Sherlock had some answers tonight to the many questions that were now swirling inside his head.
When Sherlock finally spoke, his voice was very quiet, almost more like a whisper.
John felt himself caught for a second, unable to come up with a plausible explanation for knowing that little tidbit without revealing that he knew Sherlock far more intimately  than Mycroft had any idea of.
He decided that the proper thing to do was to at least express some sort of polite comfort and did so by quietly mumbling one without looking at her while doing so.
He doesn’t like feeling useless but there is nothing for him to do right now, unless he joins the team watching camera feeds and with his eye-sigh beginning to lose focus on account of the lack of sleep, he can’t risk missing anything vital by offering his services.
John felt the need to probe deeper into this issue later on, he still had a bunch of questions swirling inside his head that he was dying to get to bottom of. But for now, the initial meeting had come to and end and he felt satisfied about how effortlessly it had all gone down. He had frankly feared a lot more hassle considering Mycroft’s description of his brother.
? A man took his life recently because of him!”
“We even got engaged!” she continued, not even checking if John was paying any attention to what she was telling him. “He showed up at the office one evening when I was working late, and the boss wasn’t around. Just took me completely by surprise, and I’m not really supposed to bring people in when the boss isn’t around but how was I supposed to refuse him when he had those puppy eyes and that box with a ring inside it, held up in front of the security camera like the prettiest present I’ve ever been offered.
“There is no need for gratitude, I’m being handsomely paid for my work.” John sourly remarked, because the last thing he wanted was to be treated like some charity case that would jump at the opportunity to be invited to sit  at the fancy table for one evening like some measly peasant allowed to share a meal with nobility.
“And leave you alone with him? Ha! Not a chance!
They way Sherlock’s hands clenched with the need to protest told John that he had hit a sore nerve, but the fact that Sherlock refrained from breaking John’s order to remain silent was also a telling sign that he was actually listening for once.
Then he brought out a pair of cufflinks, pulled the belt through them before hoisting the loop loop over a chain ornament hanging from the ceiling, low enough for him to reach if climbing the back of a sofa. Observing it the other night had brought this idea to his mind last night when contemplating how to proceed with Magnussen. He had actually touched upon the notion that this very peculiar design was something that unintentionally reflected Magnussen’s sexual kinks in a discreet and probably very expensive way without giving that clue away to those who didn’t know what to look for.
Sherlock twisted out of his grip and slumped down a bit where he was sitting.
It was terribly demanding to have such a sibling and he wondered what his life could have been like if he had not constantly been disturbed by Sherlock’s reckless antics. On the other hand, he was never bored when he had his brother around and in a world where people in general where of no importance to him it was nice to feel that he could connect with at least one individual out there, even if it was usually in a very antagonistic way. And in the end he did actually love and care for his brother, albeit in his own very peculiar way.
But no, the idea Sherlock had in mind was something completely different.
“Why is that, do you think?” John persisted.
“You know, Sherlock, you’ve been playing me like that violin of yours for weeks on end but the longer the tune the more winded up I’ve become and I tell you, if you don’t start to provide me with some good explanation for all of this, I’m going to snap.”
“Well, unlike you, my co-workers would never dream of violating my privacy by searching through my personal belongings.”
Considering the combination of a few too many beers, his sleepless nights and the strain he had been through over the past couple of days it was fully plausible that his mind could play tricks on him, even if it seemed a bit far-fetched.
“Drive to CAM headquarters, it’s waiting at the helipad on the roof.”
…it will be alright. Play a little coy, don’t be too obvious and his interest will be piqued.”
But for Sherlock’s sake he needed to pretend that what Magnussen was trying to offer might actually be of some interest to him. He needed to come off as bitter and ready to strike up a deal if he was truly going to be granted access to what Sherlock needed to be free from his shackles.
“So you’re planning for a next time already? What does your brother have to say about that?”
“And you’re not afraid to walk the premises yourself? What’s to prevent her from killing you?”
So better to remove Sherlock instead and let John Watson become the person left behind, ceaselessly searching for his lost friend, unable to ever figure out the true answer to his flatmate’s mysterious disappearance.
“Sure, just come tell me when you’re available. You know where to find me.”
“Officially Charles Magnussen is a Danish media mogul conducting his business in many countries all over the world, very powerful but pretty anonymous to the general public.  But just like Mycroft there is a huge difference between his official persona and what he really gets up to, behind the scenes.
Annoyed by Mycroft’s refusal to look at the situation from his brother’s point of view, John turned his back on him, stubbornly ignoring the other two in the room as he got to work by slowly injecting the Narcan intravenously into Sherlock’s arm, looking for signs that it would have some sort of effect on him.
John couldn’t help but wonder if that recklessness had been the cause for the young man’s presence in a that courtyard today, a place he had no business being in, even if it was governed by his own brother.
That kiss had not even been the last one between them.
, to break the charged tension between them, frantically ransacking his brain for some suitable words to douse the feeling of arousal beginning to form within him when Sherlock suddenly leaned in and closed the final distance between them by tilting his head and pressing his soft warm lips gently against John’s.
“That must have been tough.”
But if Mycroft wanted to continue turning a blind eye to what he probably considered a shameful secret, then fine. Magnussen wasn’t necessarily interested in why Mycroft had such qualms about admitting his brother’s weakness, it was after all a well-known part of his past,  all Magnussen wanted to know was how he could exploit this new development to the best advantage.
Sherlock positively beamed as he announced this and if he hadn’t looked so pleased with himself, Mycroft might not have reacted the way he did, but as he now feared that his brother had gone off on one of his pointless side-tracks when the reason for last night’s charade had been so painfully straightforward, Mycroft couldn’t help by letting a hint of irritation into his voice. As he usually managed to keep his composure despite Sherlock’s usual efforts of trying to make him lose his temper, he was now inclined to blame the few hours of sleep, his hangover, as well as the spent state after his work out, for allowing himself to get annoyed with his little brother.
Two days later the car showed up again and as John angrily stormed out to tell the driver to fuck the bloody hell off, he was met with a very familiar figure in a three-piece suit sitting in the backseat with the door open, inviting John to join him for a conversation.
He searched for Sherlock’s lips and kissed them softly. They were cold but when connecting with his, he felt a warmth settling inside his chest and fell even deeper into their kiss. As he finally broke off to get some air he tried looking into the dark bottomless orbs that constituted the younger man’s eyes.
Maybe the residence of a mad scientist was the most fitting description, even if a few items of clothing as well as a bust of Goethe, a violin stand and the actual instrument itself also took up some space of the room.
Not willing to drop the subject, feeling as if Sherlock was treating it too lightly, John stepped up to him.
John’s hand lashed out against that pale, still somewhat damp cheek and Sherlock’s head flew back from the impact but beyond that his features didn’t change, he didn’t look surprised, he merely stared at John, his eyes completely blank.
But as he was about to open his mouth to bid the other man farewell, Magnussen held up his index finger in a pausing gesture, before he reached inside the pocket of his suit and pulled out a white envelope.
“I have as of yet not managed to get you brother to join me for a meal, despite many frequent efforts. He has quite the disposition of switching simultaneously between hot and cold at the blink of an eye it seems.”
While it certainly felt like it went on forever it couldn’t not have been more than a minute or two before strong capable hands came to his aid, strapped an oxygen mask over the unconscious man’s face and then lifted him up on a stretcher that would take him to the waiting ambulance. He tried answering their questions to the best of his ability, most of them he did not know the answer to, but at least it kept him from keeling over from the sheer relief of their presence.
“What’s the meaning of this?” John whispered, still staring at Sherlock but addressing the other man in the room. He had no idea what to do now.
The beginning of the assault had gone fairly straight-forward and been to his advantage. Sherlock was far nimbler and several pounds lighter than his attacker, not to mention at least fifteen years younger. He also knew how to throw a punch as well as dancing around his assailant to avoid the ones he was trying to deliver.
“But Sherlock…?” John heard himself ask in a voice that he scarcely recognised as his own. He sounded broken, and as if speaking from a great distance.
“No mystery about it, I just accidentally left it behind. No distractions beyond the usual shenanigans your brother puts me through simply by being himself.”
Everything about the Holmes brothers and the world they inhabited was so different from his own and yet they shared the same space, air and time as the rest of the population.
Mycroft led a very sedentary life, Sherlock always claimed he was the laziest man in London and perhaps, in this type of situation, he would only become hindrance?
Around the same time I decided that ending things with Victor might be advisable, so I did that as well.”
“I do. But if it relieves me from the chore of having to answer your inane questions. I would rather you made a go of figuring it out yourself with the aid of your cameras, than pester me with your inquisitive questions.”
He can’t afford to lose focus and yet his bodily functions as well as his brain screams at him to take a break, he won’t be able to continue forever without it.
Mycroft closed his eyes as the grip of his hand loosened around the cell phone and it slid down to the floor, next to his feet. It hit the thick carpet with nothing more than a soft thud.
“You’ll be the ruin of me, do you know that?”
“Maybe he is the one in need of a private physician then, those sound like serious problems” John said and this earned him a an amused glittering in the other man’s eyes.
It was indeed tempting to keep him like this for a little bit longer, submissive to John’s unyielding hold, but after a last lingering moment of deadlock, he released his grip and took a few steps back while Sherlock straightened himself up and nursed his sore arm, scolding.
“Why do I need to see him a second time?”
He still needed Magnussen’s helicopter to get him home but right now it was very tempting to just walk instead of spending another second with these pricks.
“How can you not know? You were there and you got your assignment from the boss straight after. You’ve spent a lot of time together, a couple of times a week at least, surely you must have picked up a thing or two....”
“There are hours and hours of footage on those files, you will never be able to go through it all on your own. For the sake of Sherlock’s safety I suggest you focus on assignments where your efforts are more effective. Like continuing to try and trace down someone from Sherlock’s group of ....
“Had many of those, did you? Doctors I mean.” he said instead.
Frantically he searched for a good explanation.
Food was brought in by waiters while the guests were now starting to mingle with those sitting closest to them, but as John had no desire to interact with Mycroft and as Sherlock was pointedly ignoring his searching gaze, his focus became on what was in front of him on the plate instead.
“Bye, Mr Holmes. Enjoy your last hours, by the sweat beginning to break out on your forehead, I see that it has already started to inconvenience you. “
And there the familiarity between the brothers finally made itself known. A bit paranoid the both of them apparently.
There was always the option of reaching out to Mycroft of course, but even the omnipotent Government official had seemed to be at a loss.
And at the moment there really isn’t much for him to do.
“Tell you what. Allow me this timeslot, just a little bit of leeway to think it through and I’ll meet you at your house at 22:30 tonight, how’s that? If you won’t give me a full day to think about this, at least grant me this. Otherwise I’m afraid that I’ll be forced to decline your offer. I’m just not comfortable making decisions, especially of this delicate nature, without the option to think them through.”
“Didn’t you just hear what I said?  There is no other way, our hands are tied. None of us are prepared to accept the alternative, a life spent in prison, so this is what we have been forced to agree upon.
At first, he only heard the loud sound of the gunshot ringing in his ears, and it didn’t seem to have hit anything. Dr Roylott was still grabbing for him and John stumbled backwards, worried that he would end up helpless on the floor with the brute of a man on top of him.
Enter the dragon’s den, he thought as he turned the handle and pushed the door open before stepping inside.
Mycroft pursed his lips and gave his brother a disapproving look.
But soon enough that crush turned more serious and eventually formed into full-blown sexual desire combined with genuine love and affection for Sherlock and John realised that if he thought that he had already reached the bottom of the rabbit hole earlier, he was in fact still falling and had no idea how the force of impact would affect him when finally hitting the ground. There was always the risk that it would all end in a big painful crash for him, the further down he went. And yet, he never hesitated.
He pointed towards Sherlock's bedroom and then used his most commandeering voice, the one he had usually only used during his army days.
“The man you helped out today is actually my younger brother and the hospital where he is currently recuperating has informed that he would not have made it if you had not found him when you did and then acted in a way that helped keep him alive until the ambulance arrived. For that I’m most grateful.”
But naturally, things did not go that smoothly when one was dealing with Mycroft Holmes.
So it was going to be one of those nights then.....
“Who said you were allowed to move?” John growled and nibbled at Sherlock’s ear while stroking his hand over the hard bulge stretching against the satin fabric of Sherlock’s underwear, feeling his own cock respond appreciatively to the sensation.
How many cups of tea or handmade sandwiches could a sane person actually consume in a single day?
“Sherlock, please. Try to stay on topic. What are you talking about? What happened with Magnussen?”
And for the first time ever Sherlock allowed this new, more enlightened side to take precedence over everything else, over his pride, his need for being in charge, his own bloody stubbornness and meekly he bent his head in acknowledgement to what John was saying.
“And I’m his...”
“You’re the one who taught him how to read people, aren’t you?” there eventually came a reply, expressed with a touch of awe but also exasperation to the voice.
John could feel himself squirm as he heard his rival utter words that could just as easily have come from his own lips and revealed a closeness between the couple that he resented. He was very tempted to take a sneak peek of the man, just to see what he looked like.
John tried not to meet his eyes when he replied.
Since moving in together John Watson and Sherlock Holmes had been more or less inseparable from the very first day.
And as if to confirm that assumption he hears the tap spring to life downstairs a few seconds later and he eases into the feeling that he is wired too tightly on account of the unexpected news of Sherlock’s abduction, and then takes out the clothes he needs and hastily gets dressed, takes his gun, wallet and mobile before charging downstairs again just as Mycroft opens the bathroom door and exits.
There was no true evidence beyond the smitten look in Dr Watson’s eyes, but Magnussen was fairly certain that something must have transgressed between him and Sherlock.
Rule number one was obviously not to provoke them, but who knew what Dr Roylott had done to this one before sending it in here. He didn’t even know how it had entered the room in the first place. Presumably there was an entry from the ceiling or high up on the wall, a ventilation hatch perhaps. It didn’t really matter, what mattered right now was how he was going to avoid getting attacked.
The snake, after having buried its fangs into his hand, simply let go and slithered away, like a killer exiting a crime scene. It most probably didn’t leave the bed but as it was too dark to see, Sherlock couldn’t tell if it curled up close to his feet or somewhere else.
“Don’t say a word, don’t make a sound, just follow me outside.”
John couldn’t help but laugh at that.
Whatever impassiveness Mycroft is displaying at the moment, it will not be John’s course of action. He is more like a badger with his teeth dug deep into a victim’s leg, never letting go, when his mind is set to it, and nothing causes his protectiveness to flare quite like Sherlock under threat.
And when the moon came out from behind a cloud and exposed both of them with a little bit of light and he was hit with the sight of those familiar features, the dark curls moving in the cool night breeze and that slim frame all dressed in black, he felt as if he had preferred it if he had been spared to look at what had once been so dear to him.
Magnussen gave Sherlock a look of slight disapproval.
“That’s not what you use it for,” John whispered, as he felt his cock twitch at the mention of his former army title being used by the man he loved.
Mycroft pursed his lips at that.
The thought about the man’s identity still lingered in his mind but no matter how he tried to ask Freddie about it, he got nothing but a shrug and some mumbled phrases of ignorance out of him.
As the visitor turned out to not be Sherlock Mycroft’s features rearranged themselves accordingly and turned politely neutral while he secretly wished he hadn't removed his jacket earlier. He felt strangely vulnerable in only his shirt and waistcoat on, a few of the buttons undone and his forehead shiny in the light of the desk lamp. This was not the image he wanted to portray in front of this person.
There was a snort heard and John felt his jaw muscles clench even harder at the sound of it.
It felt awful to consider being forced to hear Sherlock utter these words to him, that what they had shared had been nothing but a way for him to pass the time, but maybe John needed to hear that to come to a decision himself.
Mycroft had headed straight for the bathroom instead of Sherlock’s bedroom.
But for that to happen, he needed to act his part, so instead of immediately accepting Magnussen’s request, he allowed his voice to turn suspicious and disinterested.
“Well, it is what comes with planning a wedding at this scale.”
When Mycroft usually comes on one of his prying visits under the guise of a case he wants Sherlock to take a look at, John tries to stay out of their way if possible, he has no interest in partaking in any verbal warfare between two super brains with a penchant for communicating through thinly veiled insults, forever stretched-out silences and straight out childish jabs delivered through clenched teeth regarding everything from recurring weight gain to inferior intelligence.
Content with this, Magnussen left, and Mycroft quickly picked up his phone, this time not caring for any issues regarding pride and childish stubbornness, both calling as well as texting his brother to get in touch with him this very instant.
He had spent a lot of his morning, while taking his usual swim in the lake, contemplating the easiest way to go about it and as he didn’t have any way of getting in contact with Victor in person, he had been forced to get inventive.
“Was he on drugs when you met him?”
He paused for a second before he added:
“So if I am to understand this correctly, you lot for some reason believe that this Sherlock Holmes character would be
In his teenage years the lack of feelings towards others had bothered him a little bit, but as he had grown older he had realised the value of not having any emotional strings attached to anyone, because sentiment was always a liability in the end and Mycroft was content to keep his distance and never truly get involved.
A snort came from the bed.
Because as gladly as he received what John gave him, just as readily he wanted to return the favour.
People had heard of him of course but few had actually met him in person and this temptation alone would prove irresistible for someone like Magnussen.
A world where that same idea of replaceability might apply in their private lives as well and where a person might sleep with another one for weeks on end even if they were about to marry someone else.
“But, Dr Watson I need...”
John took the riding crop and caressed it across Sherlock’s high cheekbone, almost lovingly, but his voice remained stern and forceful.
“The drug thing was never a serious issue, it was something I did to alleviate my boredom as well as numbing my pain. I’m not a true addict,” Sherlock scoffed and actually had the gall to sound haughty about it.
Instead of replying he simply nodded his head and watched the other man disappear into the shadows of the corridor until he was completely out of sight.
Naturally he refrained from doing so, as he knew it wouldn’t earn him more than a look of displeasure. Instead he took a deep sigh before he spoke his final words.
Sherlock stared at him for a second, his rebellious side clearly wishing to fight back and retaliate in the most snarky manner possible, just seize the moment by reaching for the riding crop and eviscerate the man in front of him with a scathing remark to regain control.
“Sherlock! No more lies! I realise now that you must have been taking them for a while. And I think I know why. Which leads us straight back to the core of all our problems really. What will you do about Victor?”
“Beyond the drug issue we are talking about a person who has such a reckless personality that he should come with his own personal bodyguard just to keep him out of harms way. That has been tried by the way and I’m inclined to believe that his husband will opt for that solution once they are married, but I have never managed to hire anyone able to keep up with my brother, and I’m not convinced such a person actually exists. Therefor I have chosen to tackle the issue in a different approach by hiring someone to take care of his health instead of focusing on trying to speculate on what reckless things he will come up with next.”
************
With that he turned his back on Victor once more and resolutely strode off towards the lake, back straight, head held high.
“I’m merely asking myself why a person who comes by twice a week to check on your health has failed to put in his report that your clearly losing weight. I’m beginning to wonder how much effort he’s actually putting into those reports.”
That had been one of those small details John had found endearingly quirky when it happened but now hated with infinite passion, cementing his impression of Sherlock as a spoilt selfish bastard.
These visits to Sherlock’s bedroom were kept secret from Victor of course, as not even Magnussen was particularly keen to deal with a livid and jealous husband-to-be.
Alone, I firmed up my grip on the poker and pushed past the drape.
My interpretation of 'Propeller (screw)' was almost wholly speculative, requiring all three of my mystery characters, but it provided a compelling link between my telegram and Holmes', and rendered the rest of the message nicely sensible. I am not a surgeon, but allowances could be made for the limited phraseology of Marryat's: ship's surgeons are far more common than ship's doctors, after all.
I was interrupted by a gasp behind me, and turned to see Mrs Hudson at the door of the sitting room, a breakfast tray in her hands.
I went back into the house to snatch up my coat and hat. I took up his, too, for he had left them behind in his cold fury. Back in the street, I ran for Paddington Station as quickly as my legs would carry me, in the hopes of securing a hansom that would allow me to overtake Holmes. Finding a cab was easy enough, and with the cabbie urged on by my generous coin we made good time to Baker Street.
For that was the main thing: Holmes lived. Holmes was alive, or he had been. Even as I had searched for his body, driving the official forces ever onward in the throes of my grief, he lived. Where Holmes had spent the past two years and how, I did not know. Whether he was well, I likewise did not know. But he had survived Switzerland to return to England, that much was clear. There was no reason not to believe he had also survived the last two and a half years, wherever he might be.
"What's that, then?" Barley asked.
He watched me closely in return, something haunted in his eyes. "I see you found my journal. How much have you read?"
Alas, I was forced to decline his invitation. I regret what my pursuit of scientific knowledge has led me to do, and what falsehoods I have practised on him — and indeed, that I am committed to continuing to practise on him. I have tried not to involve him too deeply, or in ways that he may not eventually forgive, but
"And I won't. I will knock on every door in Ireland for you, if that's what you require. But the Tree is the Devil's bait, Holmes. Don't you see it?"
"The second war did not go as well as the first: in 1805, after a courageous duel in which she sank a French ship of the line, the
"You met him?" Holmes had never told me Moriarty and Mrs Hudson had met.
An open copy of the
I have no other explanation for the sound that seemed to rend the room. Or more accurately, the absence of sound: as ever, the Tree's voices were just beyond my hearing. I rushed to the bedroom door as the Tree again cried out, an agonising shriek that made my flesh crawl. From within, I could hear the steady thunk of an axe on wood, but when I pushed back the curtain into the room I could see only the shudder and trembling of the branches that filled the room. Foliage rained around me. Holmes himself was not to be seen, hidden behind the curtain that shrouded the Tree's urn.
He sits on the edge of his bed, arms crossed tightly over his chest. The linen of his sleep clothes feels rough against his over sensitive skin, and he tries his best to ignore the growing feeling of emptiness inside himself.
There is something playful in John's face that makes Sherlock's stomach flip with anticipation as he steps to the wardrobe. John remains very near to Sherlock as he dresses, placing little kisses here and there and distracting him very thoroughly in the middle of pulling on his shirt. When at last he is sufficiently clothed, John grabs his hand and tows him from the apartment.
Sherlock scoffs.
“God yes.”
“You’ve always been a bastard,” Sherlock drawls, lungs burning.
“They’re the police, they want every case closed as quickly as possible. Though, I suppose I can see the reason for their urgency this time.”
“That’s it, then. Likely he wanted to draw your attention, encourage you to direct resources in that direction,” Sherlock says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
“John would never hurt me!” he barked.
I hope this won't be the last chapter i upload before the new year, but we'll see.
Next time, John learns what is holding Sherlock back. And then they share in a sweetness Sherlock hadn't known was possible.
As they are gathering the spilled contents of the cart and replacing them on the trays, John feels Mrs. Hudson’s hand on his arm. When he glances up at her, he sees a sympathetic sort of look in her eyes as she stares at the sofa. When John sets the sugar bowl down and looks over himself he sees— oh, god— Sherlock has sat bold up right, eyes gone wide and panicked, hands twisting in his lap. His chest heaves shallowly.
The frequency and intensity of these dreamings, fueled by any and every substance the isolated prince could procure, often made it difficult to differentiate between sleep and wakefulness.
“In a way. My family is sent a small sum each quarter.”
They sink to their knees as the justice instructs the room to bow their heads in prayer with him. In the silence that follows Sherlock considers if it was all really worth it. Was it worth the pain of separation from his John only to inevitably fall back into the clutches of Moriarty and his brother? Was it worth the increased threat to the south? Was it worth the many nights to come when he will lie in Moriarty’s bed trying desperately to convince himself its John's hands on him?
John turns in his seat and tilts his head, an invitation for Sherlock to join him. Sherlock worries his lip between his teeth, hoping the biting pain will dull the memory of this man’s mouth against his. His legs quake slightly as he makes his way up the aisle.
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen him today.”
“Good evening, your highness,” she says, voice soft and measured.
Sherlock is having difficulty drawing his breath, his chest feels tight and his head swims, he feels feverish. He trips on a step and falls against John who catches him around the waist and carefully lowers him to the stairs.
John chuckles darkly, “Patience.”
Sherlock watches Irene Adler cautiously as she leaves the room, giving him a nod rather than a more formal gesture.
The dark wine washes bitter and bright over his tongue as he takes a deep pull. He fights to hold back a grimace; northern wine is appalling. Sherlock hands the chalice back to the justice who then presents it to Moriarty.
He fights the urge to slap his forehead.
“Easy, the foods not going anywhere,” John say and hands Sherlock a fork before he can start shoveling butter chicken into his mouth with his fingers.
“Apologies for the intrusion, but the Earl of the Baskervilles is here requesting an audience.”
Unfortunately, without John there to anchor him, Sherlock's mind— rebellious even in sleep— wanders to places he does his best not to visit in his waking hours.
Greg is suddenly bending low over John's shoulder where he kneels beside Sherlock. He hears a match strike before light flares in his eyes. He tries to protest but all that comes out of his throat is a pathetic whine.
“Nothing makes sense and the entire world could go to hell tomorrow, but the one thing I am certain of is that I adore you— and I want you by my side until the end of my days.”
Sherlock freezes.
“You ought to go to bed,” Sherlock says, running the pad of his finger lazily around the cool rim of his mug. “You have an early shift tomorrow.”
“No,” he stammers, “you must be mistaken. I haven’t done anything!”
Sherlock's wedding day arrives
Without the distraction of conversation, the pain in his gums flares up and demands to be heard. Sherlock rubs at his cheek and flexes his jaw, lips curling back over his teeth. The throbbing pull at the back of his tongue and burning dryness in his throat has been steadily worsening for nearly a week now. He hasn’t let it get this far in a while, not since Rosie was born— he couldn’t risk it. It was not unusual for a case to take priority over sustenance, but this had gone on long enough.
“Majesty,” Major Sholto began, “earlier this evening one of my officers intercepted a letter from the north addressed to Mary Morstan, an old acquaintance of yours.”
“Why haven’t you married yet?”
Sherlock is a thing of beauty, an angel made flesh. John can feel a deep sorrow in the music that pours from the prince’s fingers, but also a secret longing; a tiny flicker of hope behind the misery.
Heat flares in Sherlock and he throbs beneath John's palm.
Coming up, John has his suspicions about Sherlock's past when he is witness to an obvious sign of trauma. And both of our boys have to summon their courage, Sherlock to finally talk about his life, and John to tell Sherlock how he feels.
“A few weeks ago my clinic hired a new nurse, Liz. She’s nice, perfectly charming at her interview, and we’ve been talking for a while.”
“Absolutely,” Sherlock murmurs and plants a kiss behind his ear.
John lolls his head against his horse’s neck to see a man, older than he, with deeply tanned skin and silvery hair that John remembers had once been a coppery brown, “Sorry, Greg,” he says, “what?”
Mycroft finds a place to stand in the middle of the ornate rug, hands held over the cane grip. He waits there, chin raised, face blank. Clearly the only way to get this over with will be to give his brother what he wants. So Sherlock rises.
A defeated sigh and the sound of boots retreating.
“Hello, darling, did you miss me?”
John pushes in to the second knuckle and all the way a moment later. He begins to gently work the digit in and out, opening Sherlock with deliberate slowness.
Rather than feeling embarrassed at having been caught, a smile tugs at Sherlock’s lips, “This place is beautiful.”
“Do not think of it, love,” he says.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How are you here?” he gasps.
Sherlock flushes.
John makes and effort not to let on how ruffled he is, though he is sure it is pointless. This is not the first time he’s come face to face with the Holmesian deductive capabilities. But there is something distinctly different about this display. It has been a number of years since John's last one on one encounter with Mycroft Holmes, but he can still recall the arrogance on his foxy features. The way he took people apart was a show of dominance, no question. Coming from Sherlock, however, it feels more defensive than aggressive in this moment; despite his stony demeanor.
It accomplished nothing, being at odds with the man he was to marry; likely sooner rather than later now that Janine was gone, but Sherlock just couldn’t stand to be near him. He could no longer lament the sweet boy he’d met in childhood, because he now understood it had all been an act. There existed a bone-deep evil within James Moriarty, and it had been there all along.
“An accurate observation,” Sherlock agrees flatly.
“Have you burned away to cinders? Have I returned in time to save you?”
“The doctor will be here within the hour,” Greg informs him.
“No,” Sherlock admits, “I’ve always been more than a bit self-involved, never left much room for anything else.”
“What’s was that?” John whispers.
“Take me to bed,” Sherlock whispers.
“I’m sorry,” he says, throat tight, “that must be difficult for you.”
“Whoa, mate, you alright?”
As he lay in bed regaining his strength, John beside him, Sarah and Mike had come and gone from the room as they put together the most effective plan for the most peaceful transference of power from Mycroft to Sherlock as the new king of the north, a title that still sent a rush through him. His first act as king had been to insist his brother’s advisers be sacked and sent on their way.
John suppressed a shiver.
“No,” Sherlock says hurriedly, “it wasn’t you. It was… that is, I…”
The night of the banquet, John could hardly draw breath. He stood before his long mirror and adjusted the collar, the fine silk slipping along the pads of his fingers. They had held their summit that morning. John couldn’t bear to think of all he’d been told. Life in his realm was only growing darker every day, and he no longer had anything to offer those who looked to him. He felt helpless.
Hopefully Sherlock will hear some news of John.
John rose up on his knees to allow Sherlock to pull his legs free of his trousers, he very deliberately ran the top of his foot along John's length as he did so.
(See the end of the chapter for
He shuts his eyes and wills his body to cease its trembling. He had to remain rational, he could not allow his heart to run away with his senses.  When he speaks again his voice is clearer.
John lifted himself onto his elbow, his damaged shoulder must have twinged because he flinched. He cups Sherlock's face and looks deep into his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock honestly didn’t know if he could bring himself to go home, back to that dismal palace where nothing but pain and endless isolation awaited him. He wondered briefly if it wouldn’t just be easier to die.
The following evening as Sherlock is hastily throwing his few essential belongings into his trunk, there is a knock at the door.
“Yes I did, and I could do nothing to protect them.” John's voice is dark as he says this. “Greg grabbed me and a few of my men and ushered us into the trees. I could hear the clash of blades as we ran. I abandoned them.”
“John, why have you stopped, you must get to the horses.”
Sherlock, for the first time, seems to become aware of John’s presence with him. He makes a valiant effort lift his head and focus his icy eyes, but the exertion proves too much, and he drops into unconsciousness.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John sighs, “you must know I desire you with all my heart.”
If there was anything at all Sherlock could do to lighten John’s heart in this moment--- and for as many moments after as John would allow— he would do it. He would find a way to catch the stars if this wonderful man so desired. Sherlock is certain he could, he feels he could do almost anything when he looks into John’s ocean eyes.
Sherlock breathes a long, wistful sigh. “Oh, I love this piece.”
Everything becomes very still after John puts Rosie to bed. The volume on the TV is lowered and John is careful to avoid banging into anything as he moves around the flat. Even Sherlock who usually can’t be bothered to respect other people’s rest seems to slow down and make an effort to be quieter.
“God yes,” John breathes and reluctantly pulls himself away from Sherlock to take him by the hand.
“You believe he would have killed you?”
John has a think about his relationship with Sherlock and encounters Mrs. Hudson's bizarre cat on the steps of 221.
“Your highness,” Mrs. Hudson coos as she steps into the room, “I had forgotten to ask if you wanted me to—”
“Where is he?” John rasps, “James Moriarty and his fucking father, where are they?”
“He’s just returned from the boarder,” Greg explains, his voice grim. “He says he brings urgent news.”
Sherlock feels the realization hit him with shocking force. This man was indeed his Jim, or the man his Jim had become.
“Why not?” John props his elbow on the back of the bench and rests his chin in his hand.
“Actually,” John continues, “I wonder if you would like to try something new.”
The sun has at least risen by the time I'm done reading through this.
“Surely your high-born must understand the circumstances,” Sherlock provides, wanting to reassure John but not know how.
I look forward to your comments and feedback!
John's lip twitch into a smile.
Sherlock takes a breath and crouches low over the body. Carefully he removes his glove and brushes her hair aside, placing his hand over the woman’s forehead.
Bizarrely, she had refused. Asking instead for a chance to earn her keep as a member of his staff. Even more bizarrely, John had agreed. But the woman seemed to have no objections to her work and did it with a good natured smile. Even so, Sherlock had done his best to avoid getting in her way since then.
There is a beat of silence before John breathes, “Until death we do part.”
John continues to talk to Sherlock as he examines him, not saying anything in particular. Sherlock is content to listen to the sound of his voice and doze lightly until the door opens and a man with greying hair steps through.
When Sherlock wakes, the sun has begun to set, casting rays of golden light across the carpets. He clambers gracelessly to his feet and picks his way across the room through squinted eyes to drag the curtains closed. His eyes sweep the room and settle on the writing desk. The roll top is open and there is a wooden box resting on the work surface.
They lie together on the dock; the blanket John had used to pad his saddle spread out beneath them. Sherlock's curls have sun-dried to a fluffy mess, a dark halo that sticks out every which way from his head. John seems to find this amusing because he is propped on his elbow continually carding his fingers through it, which may be contributing to the disarray.
Sherlock doesn’t wait, not another moment. He tears himself away from John’s distressed gaze and disappears down the tunnel.
So here it is, the start of whatever these two are going to be. I'm not used to writing these types of scenes so i hope I've done my idea justice-- otherwise I'm afraid you won't buy it. I needed to find ways of hitting all the points in this story so I looked up a list of scene ideas and one of them involved a piano, or something like that, and this instantly came to mind. I really like how sweet John is here, he just seems like a decent guy, you know? Not pushing for more... Oops, maybe I should just let you read it.
“I don’t know.”
“How did he learn that his brother is with us?” Greg asks, visibly shaken.
She steps back and smiles as she admires him. Sherlock glances up at the mirror only meaning to take a cursory look at himself, but is brought up short by what he sees.
He steps up onto the low stool before the long mirror and lets his dressing gown slips from his boney shoulders and pool at his feet. The woman, old enough to be his grandmother with a weathered but kind face, gathers the discarded article before offering him a trouser leg to slide his foot into.
Sherlock cups his hand under John’s chin and pulls him down for a kiss. “Very well,” he breathes against his lips.
“No closer to finding the murderer than I was this morning.”
(See the end of the chapter for
For a few hopeful seconds he thought perhaps Sherlock had come back to him, but that was impossible.
This must have been what got John out of bed at an ungodly hour this morning, and Sherlock is slightly awed that he would go to all this trouble for him.
“Alright, alright, he’s gone for help,” John babbles, “you’ll be fine, we’ll be fine.”
With a nod of assent, Sherlock allows John to take him by the hand and lead him from the conservatory. The manor is utterly silent throughout, allowing the padding of their feet to echo off the walls. John is oddly comforted by the feel of Sherlock’s skin against his own.
“I won’t, I can’t…” Sherlock is out of breath.
He throws the door open and tosses his coat onto the floor, he will be thrilled when he no longer has to wear black and he can stop pretending he is at all saddened by his brother passing.
Just a lot of fluff this time.
Bit of a short one, but i wanted to get something up on Valentines Day... because lurv and schtuff...
“Alright?” John asks, placing a hand over Sherlock's clasped wrists.
He let that last thought sink in.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have very seriously considered it, Sherlock. But on balance, you’re of more use to me alive. In one week you will marry Jim Moriarty and secure me his father’s resources. I will then take the eastern territories.”
“Sherlock,” the king begins, “this man is Gorge Moriarty, a lord in the east, and your future father in law.”
A dog. A large dog with a fine coat red as ocher.
Lord Moriarty released Sherlock's face, for which the prince was very grateful, to reveal a boy near his own age. The boy came forward and bowed deeply before Sherlock, peering up at him with a playful smirk.
He didn’t want to think about the day he would inevitably have to say goodbye to John Watson. He imagined the pain of that separation might kill him. But of course, that was no longer possible.
Sherlock was undeniably odd. Rarely sleeping, hardly eating, often moody, and utterly lacking in a self-preservation instinct. But watching Sherlock across the table, those old habits are not what put John on edge, not what occasionally made his heart skip. Yes, he could admit Sherlock was beautiful, in his strange, ethereal way. But there was something almost otherworldly about his flatmate, something John could never articulate. There were times he didn’t even seem human.
“We know he’s still in the region and it’s been five days, if no one has heard from Jim Moriarty by the end of the week, she is confident she can get you— us— the annulment.”
Also, yes, I do know what a "pew" is, but I don't think Sherlock would. I've also been going back through previous chapters and doing a bit of revision. One of these edits was to make the traditions of this world a little less specific.
“What’s this?” Sherlock asks.
John crumples the paper in his fist, tears streaming down his face.
Greetings,
It took Sherlock a considerable effort to hand the letter over to Mrs. Hudson to be dispatched, and he is pretty sure he was blushing furiously as he did so, unable to meet her eyes.
He had forgotten how low the sky hangs in the north. The plumes of an approaching storm thunder angrily overhead as the carriage trundles along the uneven road. His back aches where its pressed into the hard back of the bench. He is certain he would have been sick by now if he’d bothered to eat a single bite in the last three days.
John is right, of course.
There was a round of affirmative muttering and John hoists himself up into his saddle. Tied over the back of a spare horse are two does’, staring unseeingly as their heads swing on limp necks. Well, thinks John, at least there will be meat at dinner for a short while.
“That’s enough, sir. You’ve made your point.”
Minutes pass in silence, and the tension begins to ease from John’s shoulders. Sherlock breathes him in, the scent of tea and wool fogging— consuming— his senses. He draws in a sharp gasp when he feels soft lips press against his neck.
John remembers it. It had been in the northern king’s hand when last they’d met several years back. It had made Mycroft appear older then he was.
“I will not involve John in any case concerning vampires, ever. He doesn’t need to know.”
Sherlock is going to speak when he sees a flicker of something unhappy cross John's face.
Sherlock sits up and allows John to run fingers through his hair and stroke his face.
John huffs a sad kind of laugh. “Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson has offered to handle most of it, I’ve never been very good at party planning.” A look of apprehension crosses John’s face.
“Yes, they have. But you are still king, and a king must have an heir. It would go a long way towards ensuring the south’s stability if that heir were legitimate, so you’ll need to marry.”
Another silence falls between them. John observes that Sherlock’s tension has eased a little. Down in the courtyard, people have begun filing out of the ballroom in pairs, arm in arm and laughing as though they’ve not a care in the world. A few of the musicians follow and establish themselves on the patio and begin to play.
“I believe I told Mycroft that I’m no longer willing to be your physician and I’m sure he informed you of it as well. So why are you here? If you think I will change my mind.....”
“She couldn’t specify, but perhaps shortly after your party I assume.”
John gave him an incredulous look, unable to believe his ears.
If it was on account of the dashing figure his brother was cutting in the slim-fit suit, because his was the younger brother to the reputable Mycroft Holmes or if it was because of his invigorating brazenness among a group of people who had turned smarminess along with stuffy politeness into an art form, was difficult to say, but the interest in Magnussen’s eyes were there all the same.
“What is that you have treated yourself to this time? The records from your past included quite an extensive list. Is it perhaps a repeat performance from those hazy days or have you been inventive with that chemistry set of yours?”
here. This is your mess, and yours alone.”
“...the police are out there looking of course, as well as our own men. He won’t manage to get far...”
“Don’t worry. I’m not prone to listening to family members telling me what to think, I like to make my own decisions based on my own perceptions. “
“Yes, he is a man governed by his emotions to a surprisingly large degree. How normal people manage to function in their daily life while being constant victims to their feelings and whims is beyond me.”
But then Mycroft finally spoke and if possible, he sounded even more disinterested than he had previously, as John recount of today’s events had made no impact on him whatsoever. Maybe they hadn’t, maybe he had only worried about insurance or the breach in security.
John did clearly have difficulties getting past the information about Magnussen having tried to get Sherlock to engage in sexual activities with him.  In fact, beyond that piece of information, he wasn’t interested in hearing the rest.
“Always such a busy little bee...” he concluded in a soft voice.
Despite knowing this for the deception that it was, John couldn’t help but shiver at the idea of Sherlock lying lifeless in a bed somewhere, with the threat of never waking up again. He knew it was all a ruse, he had heard it from Sherlock’s own mouth last night, and yet it made him uncomfortable hearing it like this, spoken so bluntly by Magnussen. It had felt quite differently hearing his co-workers talk about it earlier today. Back then it had still felt like a game.
John feels his shackles rise for a second, because he hasn’t demanded a damn thing out of this man except for him to find Sherlock and so far those demands have not been met with satisfying results.
The room where he resided was bright white and sparsely furnished and he was splayed out on his back on a bed, still dressed in his own clothes, facing the grey skies of the day through a large window overlooking the view of a lake outside.
“I believe you had some questions for me. Why don’t you start by asking those and then we’ll see if what I have is what you are after?”
The doctor sounded slightly out of breath when Mycroft picked up the call and when he almost whispered that he was currently back at the barrack, stalling for time, Mycroft easily realised that in order to get some privacy to make the call, the doctor must have made the effort to sneak away from his cohabitants that most likely were not sleeping yet, perhaps even by using the bathroom window to climb out at the back.
Mycroft suppressed a shudder as he abhorred the use of such flowery language even if it was between a couple about to get married, and he turned his eyes back on his brother instead.
If Victor had been acting on his own, Mycroft would likely had made the process a short one by eliminating him from the game all together, but Magnussen is a far more dangerous opponent and as he is the one who now has the original missile plans as well as Victor’s testimony to confirm that it happened the way it did, our hands are pretty much tied.”
His eyes were bright but there was a tiredness to him, he seemed exhausted, as if holding on by a mere thread.
John sighs and lifts his hand to run it over his face, forgetting that he still has shaving cream across the one half. His fingers touching the moistness of his cheek makes him aware of this and he rises to his feet.
With that Mycroft turned around and walked out of the room, knowing that Sherlock would be listening for his receding steps to disappear before turning his back to face the room again.
Mycroft pauses as he tries to compose himself, before continuing.
morphine?”
However much he had fantasised about it, it did not fit with the narrative, this was a man about to get to married within only a few months and he was also a man who John had talked to exactly once and on that occasion there had certainly not been any spark of interest in those changeable eyes, however much John might have hoped for it.
Magnussen always enjoyed sniffing out weaknesses in others and exploit whatever he had on them in a show of power, and Mycroft Holmes in particular had always been a particularly tempting opposition to take down, with his starchy persona and reputation for being veritably impenetrable.
The last thing Victor yelled at me over the phone was that he was going to find out who the person I was replacing him with was, and then he was going to kill him.
With his mind still trying to figure out what exactly he was looking at, it, whatever it was, suddenly dropped from the ceiling, landing next to his face. And as it coiled up in a distinct position before beginning to slither towards him, it was the movements that gave him the final clues as to what he was actually seeing.
While he spoke, he had turned to face John and now he held his hand out, hoping to come to an agreement.
When Mycroft had reached this final solution, the rest had been a mare matter of details.
He presses fists to his eye sockets to prevent them from stinging, from welling up, both with despair as well as fatigue. He can’t afford to lose focus, can’t capitulate, there is no other option but to find Sherlock. The appendix of “dead or alive” is too horrific to consider, so he doesn’t.
It was frankly inexcusable and for the first time since taking on the case that Mycroft had assigned to him, he actually regretted a lot of his actions from the previous couple of days.  Not only because he began to realise that he had no way of escaping whatever Dr Roylott had in store for him, without any assistance, but also because he had let down one of the people that mattered the most to him.
“Why, yes, of course.”
“It’s a banquet, Sherlock. The food is supposed to be enjoyed. It would be rude to decline,” he said before he took a large bite out of an amuse bouche consisting of smoked salmon and chèvre. “Diets are for weekdays, not on evenings out.”
Sherlock stepped over to his desk and picked it up, weighing it in his hand.
Without releasing his grip, John’s eyes narrowed suspiciously as he stared down at the dark figure twisting and turning underneath him, locked in his firm hold. He tried to let the flow of words sink in. He had almost forgotten how rapidly Sherlock occasionally chose to speak when worked up about something. Like a gun firing off shots at the speed of light, sometimes making it easy to miss what he was actually trying to say.
“Fine. If you would so kind, Mr Judd.....”
“Exactly.”
There was always a risk that Magnussen would want Sherlock for himself if Victor was removed from the scene and that fate was even more terrible to contemplate than the current one.
If he put ear plugs on and closed his eyes, things would be fine. They always were alright again by morning.
For once he can see why Sherlock foregoes food and sleep while working cases, it causes an interruption he isn’t willing to take. But unlike Sherlock, John recognises the truth in Mycroft’s words. He needs to refuel his energy levels, otherwise he won’t be of any use.
Breathing heavily from his jealous anger he sat down heavily on his bed, his bleeding hands hanging between his legs as he tried to get his raging thoughts to slow down.
Granted, I might have taken a thing or two to alleviate the feeling of despair after Magnussen’s nightly visits to my bed, but I’m no longer an addict, not like I was at Cambridge. At most I could be called an occasional user, but I haven’t taken anything recently and frankly I don’t see the need to do so either.
But then he heard it again and this time it was much clearer, no need to prick his ears to recognise what it was.
“Mmhmm” John was struggling to tune her out by now.
“Maybe he did, I don’t know. If he says that he did, it is probably true, whatever else I might think of him he isn’t a liar. Delusional yes, but a liar? No. To me at least he was a friend in the beginning and the novelty of having one for the very first time after many years of loneliness was both exciting, joyous but also very frightening, because I never knew why he wanted my company when so many others had turned down that opportunity over the years.
“Wait for me by the gates, I’ll be there shortly,” he said to the presumed pilot on the other end.
Naturally he saw nothing, the room was still as pitch dark as previously and he wondered if he had perhaps imagined the whole thing. Old houses did after all make all kinds of strange sounds.
Instead he nodded in acknowledgement and closed the lid on his laptop before he rose from the chair.
A piece of paper.
The girl who worked in the morgue and perhaps had them all beaten with her larger than life infatuation with the elusive Sherlock Holmes, she knew as well.
“What? It was a surprisingly good forgery and if you didn’t know that you were looking at a fake, you would not be able to tell that it was. We would hardly do it if we didn’t expect to pull it off! And as we suspected, none of Mycroft’s colleagues did figure it out. They’re all idiots so that might not have been terribly surprising, but still. “
“Isn’t John wondering where you are?”
The younger man was splayed out across a large black table in the dining room, his paleness accentuating against the black smooth surface behind him and John couldn’t get enough of the sight of his lover ready and wanting, impatiently waiting for John to claim his body.
He didn’t feel like he was dying, not yet, and that was another strange experience he would gladly have scribbled down if he had had any further use for such knowledge. Seemed pretty pointless right now though.
“What do you suppose Holmes will say if word reaches him that his brother is socializing with someone like Magnussen?” a man named Pemberton said.
But despite managing to keep the photos hidden inside his pocket, there were other ways to provoke if one wanted to, and apparently the media mogul was jealous enough of John’s perceived position in Sherlock’s life to stoop to such tactics.
The two chairs usually reserved for himself and John were now occupied by his brother as well as a flatmate that looked like thunder in the face, and immediately a spark of annoyance flared up inside of Sherlock at the sight. It felt like he had walked straight into an ambush and the feeling of elation that had accompanied him all the way from Magnussen’s flat quickly dissipated at the sight of the stern look his brother was giving him.
That moment, seeing a person break in front of his eyes, was the best part of what drew him to play this game in the first place, and the more difficult person to break, the greater joy when finally succeeding.
“What did you mean when you said that I would not be able to figure out what happened to you yesterday? You said it wasn’t caused by a wasp. If not, then what promted your reaction?”
The question was, what exactly was it that had happened here and where was Sherlock now?
John laid himself down in the grass next to the lake, his skin developing goosebumps in the cool air as he stared up into the dusky evening sky. A few stars were already visible and he felt content where he was, looking at them twinkling in the distance.
In a gesture of faux camaraderie, he tilted forward towards John and lowered his voice to a theatrical whisper, winking with one eye as he added:
He had tried more conventional methods of shaking off John at first but had failed miserably at all of them.
Then there was Mycroft of course, who, once realising that his little brother would survive and soon was back to being his old trying self again, had despaired and left the whole situation to run its course without his interference, much to John’s surprise.
As if realising that John wasn’t going to yield, Magnussen put his glass away and turned his chair to the side so he could look out the window instead, the nightline of London giving him a spectacular view.
Oh, the impulse to just slap this shameless brat hard across the face was almost overwhelming, but no, he had just recovered from “not dying” mere minutes ago, even John, despite his anger, had some compassion left in him and braced himself from lashing out physically.
If the doctor instead mysteriously went missing, a solution Mycroft was the master of arranging, it would simply mean that Sherlock would forever fruitlessly search for him, looking at it as another case that needed to be cracked.
John had a nagging feeling that he was missing something important when trying to look at the situation objectively and with the memory of Mycroft’s comment about Sherlock being thinner than ever he had cast an assessing glance at his lover’s body.
“We had the gun trampled with, making a few adjustments, but then allowing him to keep it without letting him know that we had made some modifications to it. It was preferable to let him hold onto it rather than watching him acquiring a new one. As I’m sure you noticed, no real bullets penetrated the bodies even if the sound made it seem as if actual shots had been fired. Instead tranquilizing darts were used.”
“But that’s all there is to it, suggestions. If he knew for certain, trust me, we would know about it by now. I hate to put clichés in my mouth but in this case it is justified to point out that if he ever found out, he would try to kill you. That’s why Magnussen’s arrangement with me is kept a secret as well.
His eyes travelled over the limp body and he noticed how his fingers had left stains on the fabric of the shirt from where he had gripped the arms as well as pushed against the chest while performing the chest compressions, making it look like soot against the stark whiteness of the shirt.
Ever since the hospital had called to inform him of his brother’s admittance he had experienced a whole string of emotions that only Sherlock was ever capable of bringing out in him – everything from shock, worry, anger, then anguish quickly turning into relief and actual happiness for a brief moment when he was informed that Sherlock was doing fine and would be released the next morning.
A voice inside of him whispered that Sherlock was manipulating him once again, that he was feeding John exactly what he wanted to hear, awakening a hope that had nothing to do with reality.
With that he turned his back on John, clearly dismissing him now that new arrangements had been made, walking back to his desk where he picked up his glass and downed the content in one go. How much money’s worth that disappeared down his throat in one go was clearly of no concern to him.
John gave Mycroft a hard stare because he wasn’t sure if that wasn’t exactly what had happened to him despite everyone’s insistence that he had managed to handle Sherlock so very well. If he really thought about it, he hadn’t handled Sherlock that well at all, Sherlock had simply made it seem that way while in reality he had manipulated the situation to his own liking all along.
Sure, they had nice suits and dresses, the occasional piece of jewellery, but every single one of them would be forgotten as soon as you stopped looking at them. For a second a thought struck him that they perhaps were indeed hired extras but then he waived that thought away again, because what would be the purpose of such a ploy?
“What was the argument about?”
, Mycroft surmised and quietly sat down in one of the wing-backed chairs.
The icy wind pinched his cheeks as he stared out across the water, the grey sky and the drizzle of rain painting a bleak picture in front of him as his arms out of habit crossed his chest to keep warm.
“Well, you could say that it is exclusive, yes. In fact, it is handmade. From my own laboratory.”
Sherlock opened his eyes at half-mast to look at him and there was a slight twitch of his lips.
“Nothing probably, as I haven’t included him in my plans yet.”
“Ha, ha, yes. Lucky he brought along a looker though. Did you see how fit he was? And those curls, they’re just made for grabbing while shoving a cock down his throat.”
The urge to remove the painting, tear it down from the wall and smash it to pieces was overwhelming but he steeled himself and stoically walked over to an armchair and seated himself, waiting for his host to arrive. To keep his calm was essential, at least for a little while longer.
John would readily admit that he was too easily distracted by Sherlock’ allure for his own good, but as the reward was so sweet he fund that getting answers to his questions might not always be that important.
“A fiancé is hardly an investment.”
So instead he forced himself to calm down, trying to focus on what to do next and not cause any more discomfort to his body than absolutely necessary.
“Been badly hurt, have you?” she continued, her heels clattering against the floor as they walked, swiping a card through the umptieth gate they had to pass.
Whatever John Watson claimed, Sherlock had lost weight for some time now and as he hardly had much weight to spare to begin with, this fact worried Mycroft.
It was still straight but strangely uneven.
been the matter?
Trying to seduce Magnussen into revealing his vault had been one of those grey areas where Sherlock had realised, before John did, that jealousy would rear its ugly head despite reassurances that it wouldn’t. Sherlock had tried warning him that trying to keep things at such an innocent level as Mycroft had offered, would be an impossibility, and once John had realised this, he was all nerves and tension whenever the topic of Magnussen came up.
“I have performed what I was paid to do, I have submitted my reports to my employer and that is all. I have not seen my patient since Saturday night because I have been busy with my other work and if you need to know more, it would be better if you got it from Mycroft. Or Sherlock when he is feeling better. I can just assure you that you don’t need to worry about my presence in that house anymore, I won’t be returning, and everyone involved is informed of my decision. So there is no obstacle standing between you and Sherlock. There never was, but now it certainly never will be.”
The hand holding the gun pressed it further into his back though, clearly having ideas not coinciding with his own at all.
But then he realised that he had lived through far worse than this. This was nothing compared to the hail of gunfire crossing the night sky like blazing stars being shot from the enemy line or being woken to the sound of the war alarm signalling that their camp was being under attack.
Or he could decline the offer, go back to the barrack and continue with his work as if this had never happened, principles intact but most likely wondering how it would have been if he had accepted the offer after all. He would not be worse off if he declined but as he was a man who secretly thrived when things were unexpected and exciting, he would probably end up regretting his decision sooner or later.
“Now that we’re all gathered and the newest addition to our dinner party has arrived, I suggest that we get started and bring in the food. I know that Victor has a little speech prepared that he is very eager to share with us soon enough but let us all fill up on food and drink first before we allow him to take the stage. Let me also suggest that we raise our glasses in a toast to the couple of the evening.”
The man called Jeremy Marcus has done a phenomenal job it seems. Not a trace in sight of anything regarding his whereabouts, nor Sherlock’s.
His eyes roamed the naked body looking for an entrance wound, searching for the flow of blood that needed to be stopped.
So if Sherlock wanted access to it, he needed to get invited to the actual house, Appledore. Or if that failed, his office. For now it seemed far simpler gaining some information about that mysterious guest from the other night and that would have to be his mission today.
fault.
? Your intel?”
Sherlock was still rather exhausted and it became a natural choice that he slept in his own bed, alone, no questions asked, as he simply crashed into sleep as the first evening came and there was nothing more to it.
“Mmm, naturally. Let me begin by once again congratulating you on a job well done. Magnussen’s shackles are no longer weighing us down and you have played a significant role in helping us achieving that.”
“Circumstances have changed. He has been acting differently as of late, more restless than usual, and I need to make sure that he isn’t up to any of his old tricks again.”
He knew that Sherlock loved him and he certainly knew how much he loved Sherlock, but the uncertainty of his friend’s moods and ideas was sometimes proving too difficult for a man like himself who liked things to be orderly and controllable, normal and comforting.
“Conducting business, nothing exciting at all. I’m sure it’s not even close to the things he gets up to with other associates. But I agree that it would be wise to pay him a visit if you think your brother has decided to go off with him in his car. I much prefer Sherlock to play with
His performance goes against the personality traits John has been presented with from him before and instead of coming off convincingly it confuses the doctor more than anything else.
But, as he had made this choice already, there was no going back on it now, so reluctantly he stepped out of the car and approached the door. No use regretting decisions he was unable to take back.
It was nice to feel the cool water against his skin, divesting him from sweat as well as grime, peeling his brooding thoughts away as well with every stroke he took.
“What?!” John bellowed and raised himself from his horizontal position to rest on his elbows. “Why the bloody hell did you decide to have sex in your brother’s bedroom?”
“Oh, nothing too elaborate really. Answer a few of my questions and in return earn some money to get out of your predicament while simultaneously get back at them for what they have put you through. It could give you the perfect opportunity to start anew, in London perhaps. Or return to your hometown? There could be better options for you if you consider my offer.”
They never found proof of its existence and despite at first feeling certain that it had to be more than a tale, Mycroft eventually had to concede that if the vault actually did exist, he wasn’t going to find it. And this time he wasn’t willing to risk Sherlock’s safety by asking him to locate it. He had had enough of Sherlock working his cases for a while.
It was the perfect cover for someone who had the inclinations Dr Roylott had.
It’s so miniscule that if he hadn’t been staring so intently at it he would not have noticed it, but it is the way Mycroft’s hand has somehow moved, from being close to Sherlock’s wrist in the first frame to resting on the lower part of Sherlock’s arm in the next that causes John to realise that something has been occurring in between.
John steeled himself and straightened his back, trying to gain his composure which was difficult considering the fact that he was standing in a t-shirt and a pair of boxers, his skin cold and his bare feet wet from crossing the dewy grass. A gun being firmly pressed against his back was hardly improving the situation either.
Mycroft reached out and pushed an errant curl out of his brother’s forehead.
“But I don’t understand how this could have happened? Where did he get the drugs? Why wasn’t he more closely supervised? I thought your house was a veritable Fort Knox! Wasn’t that the very reason why he stayed with you until our wedding?”
But Mycroft put up a defiant resistance.
But a larger part of him had no interest in listening to that voice, he was completely ready to jump straight back into the shark tank, heart and soul exposed, ready for the sharp teeth of heartache and jealousy to tear into him again, if only for the opportunity to put his arms around that lithe beautiful body once more.
“Then tell me why you’re putting up with it.”
Once he got started the words just kept spewing out of his mouth, almost out of his own control and most likely due to the alcohol, but at the same time it felt liberating to vent what he had been keeping bottled up during the whole evening.
“As I am well aware, brother dear. But Magnussen is a very cold-tempered man, not inclined to show any obvious displays of affection in public and most likely not when meeting someone for the first time.”
Even if Mycroft was taller and weighed significantly more, being an intimidating person himself when he chose to be, he wasn’t a fighter the way his brother was and not nearly as unpredictable. He had never bothered with boxing, fencing or martial arts, all of which Sherlock excelled at, and even if he dealt with mind games and stratagems on a regular basis, no one deceived like his little brother, causing him to back away whenever Sherlock stepped up.
“And of course, a toast to Victor as well, who so patiently has waited for the moment when he would finally be able to tether his own white whale that has eluded him for so long. The persistence of this man is quite remarkable. So let us raise our glasses to the hunter finally catching his prey and for the union of these two who have at last been brough together and hopefully will remain so for the rest of their days. Even if a few people around this table probably secretly wishes that the wedding day will never come.”
“Don’t like the gentle approach, eh? A firmer hand might be more effective with you, is that what you’re saying?” he seethed as he got up from the dinner table, pent-up anger radiating from every pore.
Dr Roylott opened his mouth as if to say something when Magnussen opened the large window to prepare for his exit, but then decided against it and remained quiet.
That Mycroft still bothers with keeping his sibling under such close scrutiny with the aid of extensive surveillance is a bit peculiar when you get the feeling that the two of them hardly can stand each other, but maybe fraternal duty weighs heavier than whatever dislike Mycroft might harbour against Sherlock and vice versa.
John made a mental note of the fact that Sherlock apparently had been living in a place of his own previously but now for some reason was living with his brother. But he decided to save some of the questions he had for later, it seemed a bit much to put his patient through an actual interrogation on their very first appointment.
As the game was now seemingly over and all their carefully plotted plans in ruins, a thought hit him with even more determination than it had earlier and a decision was made. Because with nothing more to lose he was going to follow his initial instinct and do something he should have done when he first realised the significance of it.
The drive over to Baker street was more or less made in silence, but as they approached, Magnussen finally spoke.
“Now, I won’t keep you any longer. It was a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance, Dr Watson, and I’m looking forward to your presence at the dinner party on Saturday. I’m sure Sherlock will be pleased to hear that you’re coming as well.”
“To modify weapons? To plan for every possible eventuality in advance? My brother really has been secretive about my occupation it seems. It doesn’t matter. Suffice to say, I have the staff and resources to make things like that happen, the less you know about it the better.”
The rest of the evening went by with a slow pace and the pointless mingling with people Mycroft had no wish to speak to more than necessary. The food was a small comfort and he began to feel a little lightheaded as the evening progressed and the waiters kept refilling his glass, so eventually he decided that enough was enough and it was time for him to depart.
The suspicion that it was in fact he himself who had run off sulking to his room last night was a thought he didn’t like to acknowledge, so therefore, he didn’t.
In his hands there was a little parcel, also very familiar, as it looked exactly the same as the one Sherlock had used to put his little note to Magnussen into. It seemed unlikely to be the same as it looked unused, but on the other hand, the original carton had come from Baker Street and was something he had purchased years ago in a small Indonesian shop by the docks, so it seemed unlikely that anyone would have been able to track down and purchased another one like it.
The presence of Mycroft’s agents rummaging through the flat looking for clues must have spooked Mrs Hudson though and he feels a bit guilty for not taking the time himself to explain what’s going on, but right now, when everything that matters to him has been taken from him, he just can’t.
Besides, Magnussen had his own hold over Sherlock now, so no matter how this evening progressed, the Magnussen dilemma was very much still an unresolved predicament, just with an unexpected twist to it.
If not, he wouldn’t have bothered with all of this.
John looked down at the sight in front of him, the young man who was still kneeling between his legs and he couldn’t help but feel how very lucky he was to have someone like Sherlock to share this moment with.
“And now what?”
Just as he felt the nausea beginning to subside, his ear caught a strange sound coming from somewhere above his head and without moving anything else, he turned his eyes to the ceiling trying to locate the source.
Slightly out of breath he made it back to the sofa, supressing a sudden bout of nausea before he arranged himself into a horizontal position once more. Alcohol and nothing to eat all day had not been such a good idea, but on the other hand, the wine had helped him numb his feelings at least a little bit.
Magnussen turned away from Mycroft to look at Sherlock’s silent form.
No, Mycroft could simply not sit back and allow that happen.
Sherlock released himself from their embrace and John immediately regretted his question. Did he really need to know who the man Sherlock was marrying really was? Surely he could settle for having Sherlock in bed and be none the wiser about everything else?
