“Easy for you to say.”
He had a purpose for being here and his mind swirled as he carefully lowered himself into the steaming bath and released a loud sigh as he realized that the bath had been enriched with lavender pedals.  This simple yet loud reminder that he wasn’t of this class made him wonder if he succeeded… if he would be allowed to have regular perfumed baths… it was a shear luxury. The Omega settled himself comfortably and replayed the last few days over in his mind. He shivered from the fear his father still invoked in him and what would happen if he wasn’t successful in marrying a Winchester and to fulfil the obligations his father hammered into him.
Dean smirked at him as he finished off the bowl. “Yeah, shifting works with emotions, mainly. I remember when I was a pup, I was always shifting, wanting to explore. Made my parents crazy,” he laughed. “Sam and Adam did too, they were always trying to follow me everywhere.” Dean smiled at the memories of the three of them getting into trouble.
“We have to take him home,” she voiced, proud that her voice didn’t waver and reveal her fear.
“Did you want to know your pup’s gender?” Jody asked quietly after some silent moments watching the male Omega’s gaze in awe at the screen. She noted the tears and it made her heart ache for him. This was clearly an overwhelming moment.
He would have to avoid Dean, at least until memory this stupid dream dissipated completely. He didn’t want to make a fool of himself in front of the Alpha.
“Challenged him? As Head Alpha?” This surprised Castiel and he immediately understood why Dean hadn’t wanted to speak of it. In almost any pack, if an Alpha was bold enough to challenge the Head Alpha, there had to be legitimate reasons, such as the Head Alpha being too old or sickly, or knowingly putting the pack in danger, or the Challenger being power-hungry or wanting to take over the pack and its lands. And of course there was the Omegas… Some Head Alphas tended to have multiple Omegas in their care, including the Head Omega, who was considered the prize of the pack. Castiel looked at Charlie with wide eyes as the realization hit him, and he sank down into the beautiful wicker rocking chair. “This was because of me, wasn’t it?”
Dean frowned at him in confusion as Benny’s blue eyes studied him. It dawned on him then, as he understood why Benny mentioned Bela. The only way Dean could save Castiel and the pup, do the right thing by Adam’s widower, was something that Dean knew he had no choice but to do. He was desperate and there was absolutely no way he could just walk away from all of this knowing what the Styne pack was planning to do just as soon as he left. Castiel was carrying a pup of his blood and that left Dean as the only one that could ‘help him.’
The four of them quickly exited the SUV and walked towards the weather-worn hospital. The Alpha frowned as he took in how small it was. It was clear it hadn’t been painted since Dean had been in diapers, and the whole appearance of the place was in tatters... They walked into the building and Dean took another moment to get himself together, took in the distinctive and clinical smells of bleach and disinfectant that made him want to growl, a nauseating reminder that he was in a damn hospital.
Rowena smirked at him as he swam to follow. “Here we are, dearie,” she murmured, as movement from one of the hidden cave openings caught Castiel’s eyes.
Castiel felt a crucial urge to growl,and he did. He couldn’t seem to control his body as his growl turned into a roar, and he bared his elongated teeth as two large shadowed forms came into view.
The Omega looked over at his mate, who was holding his hand. Dean smirked at him and wrapped one of his tentacles around Castiel’s waist. “They are letting the Elders know Sam and I have returned with a guest.” Castiel smiled at how unique and welcoming even the echoes in the currents of them water made him feel.
The Omega came into the kitchen and placed a tentative hand on the counter for support while the other hand cradled his stomach. Dean could tell he had been trying not to cry, to be strong. His posture was stiff and a bit hunched over as he kept his eyes from returning to Dean’s. “I’ve never been to a funeral before… nor a pyre. I’m not sure what is expected of me,” Castiel said quietly.
“Hm, I’m just surprised he insisted on taking Lily when I told him about our shopping trip… I hope this didn’t cause any issues, I didn’t know about the council meeting until Charlie mentioned it after we’d already left.” Castiel had wondered about it the whole day. As he concentrated on the bond ever so slightly, he could feel Dean’s irritation mixed in with joy. Castiel smiled to himself, he knew that  the joy was because of Lily.
His knot… He hadn’t even realized… Dean rubbed at his face. Exhaustion oozed from him, and this was devastating because his body and wolf weren’t in sync…
Was that his own name? Tears slid down his cheeks as his mind slammed shut as a wave of dizziness struck causing him to stumble backward and hit the wall between his bath and sink. He slid down, cradling his head as the memories fought against an invisible barrier to make themselves known. Helpless in the throes of it all, Jimmy blacked out.
“I-I need some time to myself.” She wiped a tear from her cheek and left the room, leaving Dean staring after her. Sam silently patted him on the back before he left too.
Her grey eyes widened at the name. “Dean Winchester? We weren’t properly prepared to receive you, we were under the impression that an associate would come to collect your brother. My apologies, I am Naomi, third-in-command to Alpha Ishim.”
Dean could hear a hushed argument taking place just outside the slightly ajar wooden door to his room. While the room showed signs of this being an old establishment, it was incredibly clean and…warm. The Dragon briefly wondered if the symbols and runes had anything to do with that.
“Look, you told me you know that he’s like you, and you said you were sure he was even the same subgenre and not just the same species. You agreed he was exiled, just like you--” Jo started, only for Meg to turn towards her.
Cain huffed a laugh. “Yeah, I have to get him sedated so Doc can really look at him…”
“Diverse staff?” Castiel questioned.
Bela smiled sadly as she wiped at her tears. “I don’t know how many times I've found you passed out on the sofa downstairs, sleeping so soundly after your movie nights. Whether it was just the two of you or with others there too, because he was there, you just… You are so calm and sated around him. Even before he came here, getting you to relax took a lot of effort, it took sex or too many drinks to get you to remotely be as content as you are around him—”
Jimmy took a deep breath and centered himself. This was too much, all at once, and he didn’t understand any of it. He got himself together, stepped out, and wrapped himself in a long  fluffy bathrobe. He was still a bit unsteady in his footing, but he managed. As he emptied the tub, he watched the reminder of his latest memory swirl down the drain. A sickening feeling made his stomach plummet.
Dean placed his hand on his shoulder, fingers brushing the junction of his scent gland where his collar was clasped. “You are my responsibility Castiel, and I am the one to take care of you and the pup, understand? You will never bother me."
“Yeah Cas? Isn’t this awesome?!” The bubbly redhead beamed as she looked at the nursery.
The Head Alpha turned to Castiel with a reluctant smile. “Duty calls. I’m glad you like the nursery, Cas.”
“I was from the southern clan. Merfolk and Omega like your friend-”
Bela smiled at him. She did her best to seem genuine and tried not to bristle as Castiel called Dean ‘Alpha.’ “Has he?” she asked gently and came to stand opposite of him, keeping the island between them. Her eyes glanced at the two empty chocolate pudding cups and the almost empty jar of pickles on the counter in front of Castiel.
Dean unleashed an onslaught of flames. The scent of burnt flesh and the screams of the soldiers rang in his ears as he flew over them. He flapped his massive leathery wings as he aimed at the hopeful rival army struggling to overcome the soldiers Dean belonged with, and ignited them. Dean roared as he took to the skies over the battlefield. His brother Sam was taking care of the far left of the enemy soldiers, making them meet a wall of Dragon fire.
Charles looked up at Castiel, his eyes sad and worrisome as another Cecaelia came to secure Naomi and Hester. Naomi struggled, while Hester was still in a weakened state and barely registered what was happening. “What happens now? We only wish to live peacefully,safely,” Charles spoke up.
They had traveled for many moons to get back
“You do. I know,” Castiel rushed to sooth him. Dean Winchester may not have been the most vocal when it came to feelings, but he showed Castiel every day through his actions and Castiel cherished that deeply. Showing affection and love wasn’t always easy, but Dean did so with every physical and thoughtful act he did for him and he knew that.
“Yeah man. I’m happy for you two!”
Blue eyes’ face slowly came into focus, and Dean swallowed at the beauty before him. He had never seen such a beautiful Omega. Dark hair, soft unblemished skin, plushed pink chapped lips that smiled at him, and a sharp straight nose, not to mention those incredible blue eyes crowned in dark lashes…Dean couldn’t breathe for a moment. His heart raced, and his wolf stirred and whined and…what the hell was happening? His body tingled, and it was frightening and yet incredibly exciting…what could this even mean?
Dean’s eyes were glued to the entries as the writing turned into rants and illegible squiggles that abruptly stopped, and as he felt the panic and sheer fear coming from the writer, he realized that the last few pages hadn’t been written with ink…but with blood instead.
“Thank you Alpha,” the Omega whispered as their eyes stayed locked. Inside, Charlie rolled her eyes as she walked away from the window without either of them noticing.
Three years together. He smiled to himself as he thought about the day he met Dean. He had waltzed into his pharmacy on his bowed legs and swaggered his way up to his counter and Castiel had been struck right there and then at the man’s stunning beauty. The dazzling smile, the intense yet expressive jade green eyes… Castiel had tried his best not to let his gaze appreciate the strong wide shoulders and chest. He smiled now remembering how flustered he was when Dean had tried to flirt with him.
“His name is Dean…I heard myself say it in the memory this morning.” He wasn’t going to tell her the details. He didn’t feel as if he could. They were intimate and still much too fresh in his mind. His body suddenly started to tingle as if soothing hands were stroking him, and Jimmy closed his eyes as a strong sea wind came through the window and caressed his face in sync to the strange yet welcoming sensations.
(See the end of the chapter for
“W-h-what?” Castiel knew that
within the essence of his being that Castiel was alive, and he wasn’t going to stop looking for him. His beautiful merman was his everything: his reason for breathing, for hunting: for thriving. Even though they hadn’t been together long, Dean’s purpose as a Cecaelian Warrior- all of the training, every trial, every war, he had triumphed in over the millennia-had all brought him to the moment he had met Castiel. He was at home, loved, adored and needed by his Omega mate, and different species be damned, Castiel was where Dean was meant to be. He would troll every beach the human world held in the hopes of finding him.
He stood as Charlie continued to help him put his new clothes away. He could hear her chatting away and yet he couldn’t seem to focus on her words, too lost in his own head, the importance of what had just occurred was still replaying in his mind, when his wolf was suddenly stirring. Castiel frowned as he felt a shift of worry and anxiety drift slightly into his still newly forming bond. Without them mating, the bond would always be incomplete, yet it was rather quickly growing in strength even if it was incomplete… His bond with Adam hadn’t been this strong and they had consummated it… It was a bit odd comparing them, and it felt wrong to do so… Yet he and his world were pleased that he was still a Winchester. There was something about the name itself that felt like a shield of strength.
Castiel smiled sadly as he kept his eyes on their joined hands. “You have a war to go back to. Only now, you know you have something else waiting for you.”
Michael didn’t stand a chance, and Dean smiled as he let his fangs elongate in a threatening display. His eyes stayed red as he watched his challenger pace back and forth to hype himself up, shaking out his arms and keeping his gaze down as he murmured something to himself.
“Bela, he is not my Head Omega. You are the Head Omega, you always have been.”
Sam stayed seated as Bela walked out angrily after his brother. He looked back at the pictures of Adam on the wall. He still couldn't believe Adam was truly gone. They hadn’t seen him in at least ten years, and he supposed that was one of the main reasons why Dean wanted to go himself: to be absolutely sure it was
Castiel was a new member of their pack and she would be gracious. She hadn’t liked how she acted the night before, and she would work on being better. Pettiness wasn’t a part of who she was, and Castiel was a widowed Omega expecting the first next generation Winchester pup, and she would welcome her as his family. Dean loved pups and she knew in the depths of her heart that he was excited about raising his niece.
The female Omega smirked at him. “In the general sense, if you asked anyone in the pack, most would say yes without a second thought, because our Head Alpha has been with her for so long, it’s hard seeing one without the other. However, officially speaking no, she is not. Depending on which one you ask, Dean was to claim her as his first after they were married.”
Benny sat down across from him and leveled with him, “Dean, I know you are trying to understand this new bond. Brotha, I ain’t your enemy, not now, not ever.” Fuck, Dean realized he actually growled at Benny. He started to apologize when Benny held up a hand to stop him. “Dean, Charlie asked me to, because apparently Castiel didn’t want to bother you. He doesn’t want to cause problems for you with Bela.”
“Dean, what about Castiel? I mean, it's obvious this bond you two have… He’s the official Head Omega—”
The EMTs and the ride to the hospital were all a blur. His conversation with the doctors had swirled around him as he had begged them to help his husband and asked, needing to be sure to know if their ‘activities’ had caused Dean’s stroke. The doctor had been adamant that it hadn’t and then Benny, Dean’s best friend and general doctor, had suddenly been there and talked Castiel into calming down.
The Omega caressed his swollen stomach, letting himself breathe out a sigh of relief that he would see their pup’s birth and be able to raise what their gentle mating had gifted them. Castiel vowed he would do everything he could to make sure their little one would be happy and safe… and it was going to be possible because of Adam’s blood, because of his Head Alpha brother, who in the last few hours had turned out to be the hero his late mate had always said he was.
A large boar was already roasting over the fire pit, and pack members were gathered in the massive clearing designated for such events. The cool evening air swirled with excitement. The many torches made shadows dance in the evening’s blue glow, and Dean smiled as Missouri finished marking his face.
“Brother,” Sam corrected.
The sound of gunfire and screaming was heard throughout the bunker, and Michael moved to untie Castiel as the two guards turned away to see what the commotion was all about. The whole bunker was clothed in a red emergency lighting, giving the place an ominous feeling.
Castiel found himself following the small yet well-traveled pathway from Cain’s horse stables back to the house. This had quickly become a routine over the last several weeks and while Castiel was in no condition to learn how to ride the horses, Cain had happily taught him how to brush them and give them apples, and in return the majestic beast would nibble at him, and Castiel loved every moment.
“Oh no. I’m not done Doc.”
“Everything is fine, you don’t have to be scared, Cas,” Dean told him gently, placed a hand on his shoulder and managed a small smile to reassure the pregnant Omega. Castiel watched him with wide blue eyes and nodded his understanding. Bela came to stand next to him. But he continued to feel uneasy, and he caught Pamela’s gaze. She winked at him.
“I’m sure Dean will reach some sort of agreement with Bela. However there is one thing that you will not be able to dispute with Dean having claimed you,” Crowley said gently, eyeing Castiel’s neck.
Michael’s only family had been Anna, and the redheaded Omega cried while her friends held her. Her brother had made his choice.
The Omega was relieved to have Gabriel coming along. He had always looked after him since they were just tiny things. Dean had also told him how Gabriel had braved the Cecaelia territories to tell him what had happened to him. He wasn’t sure what the future held for his family, or for the Merfolk, but he no longer wanted to hold that upon his shoulders. His life was with Dean in Cecaelia territories.
While Dean was available, he wasn’t looking for a new bride whatsoever.
“You are forever grateful, yes, yes I’m sure.” The Beta waved him off. “However, a claim is a claim, and you officially belong to our dear leader now. You will be living with him and he will provide for you without a second thought. However, whether you like it or not, you are now the Head Omega and you will have responsibilities that accompany that title. I’m sure Bela won’t be overly pleased, but that is not your problem, it’s Dean’s.”
“This is the room that was prepared for you. Until Lord Dean decides your purpose here, stay out of trouble. Breakfast is at seven sharp, tea at ten am, lunch at noon and supper at six o’clock. You’ve already missed supper, I’ll have someone bring you whatever is left over. A bath will be brought up, I suggest you use it.” The gruff Alpha stated with annoyance and then walked away, leaving Castiel a bit unsure of himself and the situation. He tried scenting himself but his nose was much too cold for that.
The whole war had centered around her son, Asa. Asa had been a fine Cecaelia Warrior , and a great hunter. He had been one of the first Cecaelia in recent recorded history to fall in love out of species. He fell in love with an Omega, a Mermaid named Anna. Anna had been of the western Merfolk clan. What the Cecaelia’s community had not known until it was too late, was that Anna had been meant to mate an Alpha Merman named Zachariah.
“The truth?”
The Omega sank into the water, leaving only his head above the water as tears filled his eyes. He didn’t want to fail. He didn’t want to return to his family where the only person that loved him, his Omega mother couldn’t protect him. If he succeeded in making Lord Dean happy, perhaps she would be safe from his father’s rage. His sisters… he didn’t want them to have to ‘work’ for their father…
Dean decided against responding to the comment. He was so tired, and tomorrow… tomorrow he would say goodbye to his little brother.
This place was just completely
So much power. And such wrongness… darkness that swallowed one whole and very few ever escaped it.
Castiel swallowed as he looked at the card in his hand and back up at his friend. He was ever grateful for the older Omega and he was right. He needed to set in motion his plan to get his family back and the first thing was to leave the toxic environment behind. “Thank you Balthazar.”
Castiel looked out the wide kitchen window and glanced at the door that led to the backyard surrounded by forest. “Charlie?”
Castiel sat back up and looked around the dark bedroom, only rays of lights flashed the room from the lightning outside. Feeling dejected, he decided to go search for his partner.
He stepped into the shower and wasted no time scrubbing at his skin. He was annoyed and aggravated and his wolf was on edge. Dean made himself relax a little and on instinct tentatively reached out over the bond, just to make sure Castiel was okay wherever he was. Most likely with his horses at Cain’s barn. The Alpha closed his eyes and ever so gently could feel the male Omega’s content and joyous emotions and… well damn if that didn’t calm his wolf right away. Dean smirked, and now in a better mood, he quickly finished his shower.
Castiel jolted, turning to find Dean standing by the island with a still sleeping Lily in his arms. His hair was a fuzzy mess and he looked adorably sleepy and Castiel cherished the moment.
“No! Every fucking promise! Every single one you made has been broken! Always overturned by some excuse concerning your precious  patients who couldn’t give a flying fuck about you, while your family at home was there, waiting and hoping that mama would get his head out of his ass and come to a soccer game, or hell just be home once, just fucking once for a family dinner! Or I don't know, to play with your daughter who is confused and doesn’t understand why mama is always leaving or gone. No, I tried Cas, all of this has been said so many times and I can’t anymore, I… I just can’t… at least you were right about not mating. I never was what you really wanted-” Dean licked his lips in frustration as he tried to keep his emotions in check and keep his tears at bay.
“He was exiled by his clan for mating with Dean,” Sam supplied, keeping a wary eye on her as well as his brother. “You called him Jimmy?”
Now… now Dean had claimed his brother’s mate and their unborn child. Castiel was thankful and Bela was distraught. Adam was to be put to rest today and everything felt wrong in Dean’s life.
“You’re okay, Lily,” Castiel murmured as he stroked her thin hair.
Castiel was not Dean’s like she was. The male Omega was Dean’s brother’s widower. Adam’s mate. She closed her eyes and willed herself to stay calm, to remember the facts as she took a deep breath. Once certain she was calm enough, she carefully moved to lean against the doorway of the kitchen, finding the pregnant Omega eating at the island and talking to his unborn pup as he rubbed his stomach.
This was the lover Jimmy, no,
“She’s already a celebrity and she hasn’t even opened her eyes for me yet…” Castiel mumbled as the Alpha happily watched Lily yawn and settle against Castiel’s skin.
A light rain hit him, and the strong scent of petrichor hit his nose as he moved towards the ongoing commotion several yards away towards the forest and the exit Castiel and Michael had taken. Dean jumped over the bunker’s front, and landed just feet from where Castiel was heaving into the grass as Michael tried to shield him from other MoL members.
Dean understood and nodded as he headed upstairs towards his bedroom with Charlie at his heels. “Where’s Bela?” He asked as he handed her some of his oldest sweatpants and one of his largest shirts to fit Castiel and his pup bump comfortably.
“Hello Dean. Thank you for taking care of Lily.” Castiel smiled at him, and as much as he wanted to reach for her, she looked incredibly comfortable where she was. Dean held her easily with one hand as the pup slept soundly against his shoulder.
“Yes, I am
“Wonderful!” Alpha Asmodeus was pleased, and Dean released a sigh as Lily started to babble things to him while she played with her sunflower binky. She was so damn adorable, and his heart swelled as those big baby blues looked up at him, filled with trust and wonder. She did look like Castiel, and most definitely had the Winchester freckles and dirty blond hair that mirrored his own.
Castiel nodded as he caressed his stomach, his appetite finally diminished. “Yes, a few months ago, before... before Adam passed, Dean had asked me about flowers for your wedding. He had been adamant about selecting the right ones to compliment you. He said it was the one thing you had given him to plan for the event and didn’t want to fail you.”
“Yes. I’d very much like to experience it.” Jimmy smiled at her as they made their way towards the edge, where a small but sturdy wooden balcony had been constructed. It overlooked the ocean, and was a rare gift most people never had the pleasure of experiencing.
“You’re right
“Well look at what that kind of thinking got you?!” She countered as she huffed at him and sighed. “Cas, you are one of the most dedicated people I know. When you want something you give your all, like your career… and with Dean and Ellie… when you went after Dean you were so shy but determined because you were sure he was the one… and then you two had Ellie, and Cas… I had never seen you so happy. I don’t know and I’m not going to pretend to know what happened for you to just…” Anna couldn’t finish the words. She understood her brother’s need to prove himself in the healthcare field, she did. As an Omega herself she understood better than most, yet, she just couldn’t understand how he had let his marriage to the Alpha of his dreams to crumble this way. “Look,”
, and destroying everything around him with his fire. He was hurt badly, but was still fighting, which prompted Dean to do the same.
Benny and Charlie returned with the food and everyone settled in for the movie. Dean and Castiel occupied the large sofa, allowing Castiel to tuck his feet up on the cushions while Dean lounged with his feet on the coffee table, Charlie and Benny each claiming a sofa chair.
. The sandstone Omega remembered how Castiel had been arguing with their older siblings Luc, Raphael, and Michael. They had wanted Castiel to take part in the mating season, being that he was of prime mating age, yet Castiel had expressed that he didn’t find any of the Alphas in their clan ‘acceptable’. That choice word had resulted in many ill feelings towards Castiel from the clan’s Alphas. Castiel was considered quite the catch. He had a beautiful, vividly colored tail, was spirited and had many talents, and was a natural nurturer. Voicing his disinterest in any of the available Alphas had damaged his reputation. Gabriel had witnessed him more times than not, rebuffing hopeful Alphas and their advances. Then Castiel had taken off after their siblings had threatened Castiel with their heated words.
“I um, I’d like you to look over him and the baby to be sure everything is okay.” Dean said as the vehicles turned towards familiar roads.
“You are in the Qocho Mountains, in Blue Moon Pack territories. I promise you are safe.” Dean turned his head carefully towards the voice. His head ached, but he managed to gaze into two wondrous and breathtaking cerulean blue eyes. They seemed to glow in the dim light of the tent. They reminded Dean of a dark evening sky, lit brightly by millions of stars.
Castiel abruptly turned away from them and started going through his own bags. “I don’t want to talk about this. Please.”
“You showed up at the very end when the curtain was already down. Nice try”
“Bela insisted on overseeing the final preparations for the pyre tonight… I couldn’t talk her out of it,” Sam answered after taking a sip of his tea.
Dean, the handsome man with apple green eyes and a charming smile, kept saying it in his replays of the very few clear dreams he’d had. Jimmy felt more than saw, the situations. Yet the ones that featured Dean were warm, joyous, and at times, arousing. A part of him accepted that Dean had been his lover, a good part of his past, yet he had no idea what had happened, and it was frustrating and terrifying. If he had washed up on the beach, nude and with nothing to identify him, nothing that belonged to him, what had happened to Dean? Had he suffered the same fate? Had they been attacked while on a boat? Shipwrecked? Or had Dean been the one to hurt him?
“Is the forest safe?”
that was most likely not going to affect them, and he sure as hell didn’t want to upset Castiel either.
Jo groaned in irritation as the sound of her cell phone blared next to her head. She pushed up on her elbows and glared at her alarm clock. It was 4:04 am. She sighed and reached for her phone, and worry came over her as she saw it was her youngest daughter calling.
Dean had taken it upon himself to feed Lily while Castiel rested, and as the Omega watched them now, his heart felt full and happiness fluttered in his stomach. He smiled tearily at the sight the duo made. Dean laid stretched out on the sofa. He was shirtless and tiny Lily laid against his chest, skin against skin to help the pup bond, and Dean’s large right hand blanketed the baby’s back to keep her steady as she drooled against his sternum. Castiel couldn’t look away from the adorable picture. Dean was fast asleep like Lily, her latest bottle left on the coffee table.
“Dean’s collars are a rich pine green, made of soft sheepskin not to chafe your neck, and have the ‘W’ family crest expertly embroidered at the center,” Crowley informed him proudly, as if he had designed it himself.
“Not only do we have a new pup in our pack, but it's a Winchester!” Dean’s voice boomed over the clearing as howls and hoots replied, along with many murmurs that Castiel knew came from those who believed Lily was indeed Dean’s. The Omega supposed that after tonight the belief that Dean was her sire would be solidified. As much as he knew it should have upset him, Castiel knew Dean had never intended for the honor of sire to be anyone’s but Adam’s. Castiel smiled down at Lily, who was watching Dean with wide blue eyes. “First, let us honor the Omega, the mama that brought new life to the pack, Castiel!”
“So you’re saying I might clash with them,” Dean tried to tease, needing to find some kind of normalcy when there was absolutely none at the moment. Not when he was getting briefed on the in-laws he would have to meet because he’s only here to recover his baby brother’s dead body.
Slowly he slipped from the bed. He slipped on his warmest pair of socks and retrieved his only house coat before heading towards the door. The large door opened quietly and Castiel found himself in the dimly lit hallway. Carefully he made his way back towards the stairs. As he descented the curve of the landing, he found the grand mansion silent, reminding himself he arrived late and with the massive windows showing nothing but pitch blackness with a light falling snow outside, he wondered if everyone else was asleep. He had only met the old Alpha Singer and Castiel tried to imagine how many servants Lord Dean would need to keep such a large estate as clean and tidy as it was.
The Omega turned back to his mate and truly looked at his Alpha. This strong, savage creature that loved him fiercely, and had gone through the risks of exposing himself and their people to the humans for a chance to find him. Castiel had been cursed to forget him,to forget those emerald green eyes that shone so brightly with adoration and love solely for him. He couldn’t count the times while human that he had looked over the oceans, and the unnatural fear that Hester  had planted into his mind, which had almost forever kept them apart…but Dean had refused to give him up, to give
He watched as Jody ran around him with something that looked like a tiny TV, his wondrous gaze following her as he tried to determine what the machine was.
“Cas come on!” Anna growled at him as her brother composed himself. “Dean’s been telling you for years ‘how’ and you chose to ignore...”
“We are his family, Cas doesn’t have anyone else.”
Whatever salve Alfie placed on his wounds, it always took the pain away, and Dean was grateful. When new wounds would reopen old ones, the probability of infection was a fear he had, but Alfie’s concoctions seemed to be made just for that, to prevent, soothe and heal. It left a warmth coursing through Dean’s body, and it always made it easier for him to sleep after.
“Now I go to Russia, bring back Adam’s body and give him the burial he deserves.” Dean was already arranging things for his flight.
Adam was gone… Castiel was about to start a new life with his new Alpha, with Dean. He knew the Alpha had claimed him out of principal and would care for him and the pup, but he couldn’t help but feel a bit scared. His mind rushed to remind him that this place wasn’t like back home, Dean was his Alpha but wouldn’t expect anything from him and that pressure was off of him. Castiel had loved Adam, cared for him and they had a soft and sweet relationship, now with him gone and with Adam’s big brother’s help, Castiel would be able to focus on their pup.
Dean’s eyes went wide as he realized something, and he looked over at Castiel.
“Cas…I’m right here. Open your eyes. Let me see those pretty blues looking at me...please, Cas,” Dean whispered against his love, as the Omega stirred and mewled against him while he fought whatever was happening in his mind.
Dean had come to the same conclusion… the few times they had been able to speak privately, they had agreed to fight the bond, Dean was married and it could also introduce quite a bit of conflict in the precinct. And they did, for two months they had tried to stay away from each other, made ridiculous attempts to make sure they never crossed paths and yet, their wolves had had very different ideas. First, it was the ‘just a glimpse, just a glimpse is all I need’... and then came the, ‘I’ll just wait for him to leave and scent where he was’... Castiel had chastised himself at how completely crazy he had been acting. Then he had spun around only to have found Dean standing in the doorway.
Castiel managed to get onto his hands and knees as he continued to tremble. He watched his hand contract and dig into the watery, grassy soil and claws started to form…
Castiel looked at her silently for a long time. He felt for her, he did, but he didn’t deserve to be treated as a horrible Omega, because he wasn’t. Yet he wanted to meet her hatred with his fire as his own anger made his wolf want to snarl at her. “He was making love to me” He stated as his eyes never left hers, pushing in the point that she had wanted to know and there it was.
Splitting up was best for both of them, and they remained friends and hopefully could move on without any resentment. Dean’s wolf seemed content despite Dean’s sadness, and he found himself around Castiel more, if only to feel needed, and it made him happy. Castiel was due any day now and the Omega was equally excited and scared. At the moment, they were watching a movie in the living room while Benny and Charlie made some sandwiches and snacks before the next installment of Star Wars started.
The will to live had been vacant after he had finished his task, and yet, he could hear his Head Omega’s voice in his head, telling him
. However, Castiel wasn’t sure where exactly that was now. As soon as they reached Cecaelia Territory, the currents changed, the waters were cool, and a pounding and humming chorus started, much like a warrior’s return was celebrated at the end of a campaign. As the Mermaid looked about, he could see Cecaelia chanting and drumming their tentacles against plate-like corals.
Jo’s eyes fluttered. She knew Claire had rather quickly manded her relationship with her father, they had always been close, but she hadn’t realized Claire had also accepted Castiel… and the small pup greatly confused her. “What the hell is this?” She asked as her voice clashed over the sound of the pup’s happy coos.
“Sounds wonderful to have such friendship,” Castiel said with a smile.
Still, no matter if it was jealousy or misunderstandings, at the end of the day, Dean knew who he could trust. His gut had never steered him wrong, and with Benny and Pam at his side he always felt ready to take on anything, with Sam and Bela in that same thought.
Bela looked murderously at Crowley, but before anyone else could move or say anything, the sound of chatting voices drifted in from the foyer, and soon Charlie and Castiel stood in the opposite doorway, hands filled with shopping bags.
Castiel smiled at her. He had no idea that Dean was so highly regarded and known to his clan. Castiel barely knew anyone from his clan, and he had only been ‘famous’ when the Elders exiled him.
him.”
Castiel sat motionless on his living room couch. The documents in his hands glared up at him as he felt utterly hopeless and lost. He was officially divorced. He had officially lost his husband as well as their daughter. The judge had taken one look at the letter from Dean and had asked Castiel pointblank, wanting to understand if the Alpha was exaggerating in his case or being truthful and Castiel had felt the wind being sucked out of him with every confirmation to Dean’s letter. The judge had looked completely surprised and had frowned deeply with every word that had left Castiel’s lips. Dean now held sole custody of their five year old but the judge had made it clear that it was up to the Alpha to give Castiel visitation rights or not.
“Dean, look. It's been five human years, three in the Cecaelia senescence, and-” Sam still pushed as he followed.
A keening and shrieking sound came from just outside the front door, and the carpenter snapped out of his clouded confusion and rushed to dress himself. The creature, or monster, or whatever the fuck was outside the cabin slammed itself against the door once more, and Dean watched in horror as the bookcase he had moved to secure it moved a sliver. Dean rushed to tie his boots and don his jacket as he heard the sounds of something heavy being dragged across the front ramshackle excuse of a porch.
Dr. Mills took him down a long hallway, noises of occupied offices and examination rooms filled with patients alerted Castiel of the clearly busy and lively clinic.
Castiel was eating the breakfast Charlie had made for him at the island counter. The night before, when Dean had walked him to his room after the pyre, he had been in a daze. Adam’s scent had surrounded him, and just as quickly it lifted and he was wrapped in Dean’s scent instead. Castiel felt it in his heart that Adam approved, and in their goodbye had somehow given his blessing for his big brother to step in.
“Dean! You can’t just leave now, you can leave after the wedding—” Bela started as she followed Dean into their bedroom.
“Goodnight.”
Dean smirked as he watched the male Omega grasp his shopping bags tightly against his chest and round belly as happiness radiated from him, even though he gave Bela an unsure glance.
Dean watched him, and yes, ‘Lord’ didn’t quite fit the beautiful man that had somehow welcomed Dean into his home; who had shown him a kindness he had never truly known from any stranger; and who had formed a bond that filled Dean with a soothing warmth he had never imagined could exist.
“Michael, why are you doing this? You’ll die!” Bela told the other Alpha.
“Okay Lily, let's ink that lil foot,” Dean murmured to her while Castiel carefully rolled ink on her kicking foot. Dean gently untangled the pup from his embrace and with Castiel’s help, they stood the pup on the document, effectively imprinting her tiny footprint above their signatures.
“Omega Novak is fine.” He whispered as he tried his best to keep his voice from trembling.
“I want to take a small entourage with me, my most trusted. Karen to report, and Rowena, if you could attend. I plan to capture the seven, and if they do not surrender peacefully, I will bring them to the Blood Waters to be
“Nice.” The burly man went about fixing up the Impala. Dean was too lost in his thoughts to pay attention to anything he was doing, and instead unlocked the car and sat in the driver’s seat, soaking in the familiar smell of leather and the perfect way the seat hugged him as he leaned back into it.
“Honestly, neither of us ever wanted to find out the bad end to that condition,” he stated.
He was five and a half months along. Dean nodded his understanding and slowly withdrew his hand. “Listen, I can’t let them do this to you and the pup,” he said, only gaining beautiful and confused blue eyes at his words. “You need an Alpha… I’m not Adam, but I can be your Alpha in claim if you are okay with that.”
Dean dove into the ocean and welcomed the cool currents that rushed across his body as his true form emerged. His skin thickened ,his tentacles grew out from the human appendages called ‘legs’, and his body hulked to his normal bulk as he stretched his every limb and took in the pleasures of being in the water. His tentacles gave him an extremely rapid swimming speed he took pride in, and he reveled in its freeing feeling. He surged forward into the deep blue depths and roared, releasing his pent up rage and frustration at being unable to find Castiel after so long. Two full mating seasons had passed, and both had left him enraged and dangerous, as he was unable to copulate with his intended. His howl echoed in the vast sea, and creatures dispersed at high speeds to get away from him. He blasted forward on his powerful tentacles and went looking for a hunt. His mind swirled with the memories of his lover when they had first met.
“Dean…” Sam sat across from his brother, bubbling with an array of questions. The Head Alpha looked exhausted and smelled of stress and something else he couldn’t place, which only prompted the younger Winchester to push on with his questions. “Your texts didn’t make any sense, you come back with Adam’s widower, and I just saw you scent mark him? Dean what the hell is going on?”
“Kevin go help Balthazar at the front desk.” Jody voiced as she rolled her eyes. The young medical coder grumbled and knew when he was being dismissed and reluctantly walked away.
Alpha Robert ‘Bobby’ Singer was displayed on the card in a bold, cursive stating he was the director of the clinic.
“Yeah, just glimpses of images and sensations. His voice, our mixed moans.” Jimmy’s cheeks pinked at the mention, but he knew she wouldn’t push. He felt Meg smirk at him as he looked away.
“I appreciate it,” Dean added. He and Bela had always been a good team when it came to dealing with pack issues or family quarrels. “You’ve always been good with the pack, they trust you and alway will. Us breaking up doesn’t change your importance around here, you know that. Hell, how many people still seek you out over coming to deal with me?” Dean tried to joke, only it fell a bit flat. He was so done with this whole process, and as greedy as it sounded, he just wanted to spend some time at home, with Castiel and Lily. He was feeling antsy and irritable, and while he was used to Bela’s sweet chocolate and raspberry scent, he and his wolf were yearning to smell sandalwood and jasmine… to smell Castiel’s soothing scent that always made him feel so
He could do nothing but nod, not sure if his voice would properly convey anything he hoped to say, and settled for shuffling himself towards his bed. Once he was settled, she handed him his cup, and they drank together silently. She sat next to him, and leaned against the headboard as they both watched the ocean’s waves roll in with its soothing ‘whooshing’ sounds. One could easily fall into a deep sleep.
For the last four years, this had been his ‘happy’ place, inducing tranquil moments that helped make him sleepy and just breathe. Jimmy sighed loudly. However, in the weeks since his newest memory, even his happy place was invaded with flashes of what he apparently was already supposed to know. He wanted to deny it, and say that  the odd images were hallucinations, that it was merely his imagination running wild on a blank canvas. However, with every single one of those flashbacks came a whirl of  feelings and sensations, and a fondness and attachment that left his head and heart feeling constantly at odds.
It was midday when Castiel finally came to see Dean. The Dragon had been feeling quite worried when he hadn’t seen the Healer in the morning, and instead had been left to the hospitality of Crowley, who had brought him breakfast as he continued to regard him warily. When he had asked after Castiel, Crowley had simply informed him that the Healer had important business to attend to that he had been neglecting since Dean’s arrival. The sturdy man hadn’t given the Dragon a chance to reply. Instead, he had left him to his breakfast, and Dean’s laundered and mended breaches laid at the foot of the bed.
“Very nice, Dean,” Charlie agreed while Pamela whistled, impressed.
… but I can’t anymore.” The Omega clutched the bedspread as he smiled, nostalgia filled him as he decided to be honest about what he wanted. “I’m in love with your brother. Somehow, I know you would encourage me, assure me that my feelings for Dean are valid and true, and that you would understand… This is all because of you, one way or another, Lily and I ended up here, in your hero’s care, and as guilty as I’ve felt in the past, I also have to remind myself that you loved me and you always wanted me to be happy, and I’m happy here… with our daughter, who he loves as his own… with Dean, and it's because of you… I love you and I always will… and I know you loved me in ways I wasn’t worthy of, but now I feel that for Dean and I finally understand how you felt for me…” He smiled as the tears slid down his cheeks. This was a long heartfelt conversation they never had, but Castiel knew now the type of love Adam had hoped for him to have, and he could now with Dean… He felt it in every breath he took, and he felt it through the bond, which Dean left open for him to sense that he wasn’t alone in his feelings at all.
Meg straightened from her position and made her way towards his desk. “You know, I worry about you. You and that Alpha of yours have been at odds for a long time now. You should be careful, most Alphas can’t handle a successful Omega.”
Jimmy turned and looked up to find Benny Lafitte. The broad man was one of the best local fishermen.  His sky blue eyes were always twinkling, and he had an easy way about him that made Jimmy feel at ease. Benny was the kind of fishermen that took all precautions, loved the mother sea, and respected her creatures. He never fished for sport or kept anything except what he was fishing for. He had told Jimmy stories of whales, turtles and even sharks getting caught in his nets, and details of how he went above and beyond to free them.
“Yes. My rider, Michael, was my bonded human. He was the one that praised me and rewarded me when I destroyed our opponents and our enemies,” Dean replied. He suddenly felt so odd discussing Michael. The human’s presence was a large void, and while he hated the silence, Dean didn’t feel as scared as he had when the bond had been severed.
Castiel snorted. “No, you’re not.”
Bartholomew was following them.
The burly driver looked over at him and shook his head. “Not much in the way of truths. Rumors of all kinds surround that place. The last owner just disappeared a few years back. Folks in town stay clear of the place, though. They like to gossip and say a monster lives in the woods near it.” The trucker snorted. “The place has been condemned for years. Some schmuck apparently bought it recently, and there’s talk about the old cabin getting torn down. No idea what they’ll do with the land, though.”
Castiel hurried towards the kitchen and noticed a dim lamp was on in the living room where they had movie nights. What he saw melted him to the core. Lily adored Dean… the large Alpha was the only other person she would allow to hold her and Castiel found it sweet, but he hadn’t fully realized just how much the pup and Alpha were bonding. Castiel moved quietly as he took in the scene before him, letting himself hold on to this moment, reveling in just how much Dean took being Lily's Alpha to heart. The rumors were mostly false in the sense of how they had come to belong to Dean, but there was no denying how much Dean loved Lily and stepped in as her father. It filled Castiel with a tremendous sense of relief, and he knew he would never have to worry about anything with Dean here. As long as Dean was his and Lily’s Alpha, Castiel felt secure in a way he hadn’t fully understood until Lily was born.
Within the next moment, Dean was gone just as quickly as he had come and Castiel found himself looking up at a smirking Charlie.
He wasn’t, but others would call him so and he understood. He wasn’t going to tell the whole pack Castiel’s story, it was damn private and no one had the right to impose unless Castiel himself felt like sharing. No, Dean would protect and provide for him as his and the pup’s Alpha without hesitation, and he wasn’t going to hide from the pack. It was HIS pack and they would have to accept it one way or another.
Castiel was bouncing Lily in his arms while she happily sucked on her binky. They were out on the front porch walking its length, because he’d wanted some of the cool September air and loved seeing the stunning colors of the surrounding trees. He and Lily had been mostly people-watching, as some of Dean’s pack members were showing the visiting families to their hosts.
“What if he’s not into me?” Dean asked, and Benny rolled his eyes as he started walking again. “I just, I don’t want to ruin what we have.”
“Cas,” Anna sat herself next to him and for the hundredth time since she had come to stay with him, pulled him into her arms as he cried. “Cas…”
“She’s getting really big,” Pamela observed as she watched Castiel videotape the duo playing. Dean was massive compared to Lily, but he was so careful as the lil one attacked him, biting at his paws and ears and trying to climb all over him, while he simply rolled over for her. “He just makes you all warm and fuzzy inside, doesn’t he?” Pamela teased, and Castiel blushed at being caught watching the Alpha so intently.
They spent hours making love, alternating between slow and gentle and hard and fast. Both of them were exhausted, and Dean was thankful for the tray of water and snacks Charlie left outside the bedroom door.
The blue Omega had disappeared for some time. Gabriel had been frightened until he had returned unscathed, yet right away he had known something was different about Castiel. He started to disappear at odd times, telling Gabriel he was going to go  treasure hunting, or go get shrimp, yet he no longer let Gabriel accompany him. He remembered Castiel coming home smiling and vibrating with happiness, but it had only served to worry Gabriel. Then without warning, his brother had stayed away for a full mating season. Three moon cycles after mating season, the Elder Merfolk, Alphas Zachariah and Hester, and Omegas Charles and Naomi, had sent out sentries to find Castiel.
“You’re one of those things?! I thought I had drank too much and imagined the whole thing.” The old doctor looked wild-eyed at Sam.
“There are laws and traditions our dear Alpha has to uphold Moose,” Crowley stated as he turned to face Dean.
Pillows.
“I apologize for pulling everyone from their mating time, but I felt this was the best time for what I have in mind,” Dean started, as Castiel looked up at him quite dazed. The poor Omega was in a mating haze, while the Alpha seemed to be struggling between his emotions and needs. Dean exuded arousal mixed with rage.
Castiel jolted at the voice, shocked he hadn’t heard anyone coming in. He turned to find another Omega, blond with greying hair that regarded him with such anger and loathing that he could practically feel it physically. Castiel recognized her right away, from the countless pictures Dean owned and from his lover’s tales, this was his Alpha’s ex-wife. He had hoped if they ever crossed paths that they could be amicable, yet she had right away started with crass words.
… Castiel found himself crying out for him. Confusion and annoyance mixed into his desperation to understand what was happening to him, as well as what the fuck was going on around him. He couldn’t move. The helpless feeling enraged him, and it sparked something inside of him.
Just as Castiel turned to speak to Cain, he saw Cowboy running towards the man with his hat still in his mouth, and the Omega gasped as the horse sideswiped the Alpha, making Cain yell out ‘hey!’ as the playful horse that ran away once again.
“Heya Cas.”
He sighed as he tried to think of how to fix the tense situation. He wasn’t even sure what was going on, only that Dean wanted space and it ate at him. Castiel made his way to the kitchen and looked at the time. It was almost six o’clock and he decided to start dinner, something simple but heavy enough to counter all the candy he was sure Ellie was going to be gorging herself on. Dean as well, the big man had a sweet tooth when occasion called and that occasion was Halloween candy.
A much older Cecaelia came into view. Castiel’s eyes widened as he saw a moray eel swirling among the weak looking tentacles of the elderly Cecaelia. It was helping the female come forward, and kept her steady as she carefully and slowly made her way to her guests. “You must be Dean’s mate, Castiel. We’ve all heard much about you. My name is Lorraine.”
Charlie was standing by the window, just out of sight, watching the stranger talk to Castiel, when Dean was suddenly by her side wearing a furious scowl and about to storm out the front door before Charlie stopped him. “Wait, let him handle it. He’s not helpless,” she whispered and Dean’s whole body clenched as he fought with himself not to rush out to Castiel’s side.
“You don’t think I’ve thought about that?” Dean growled out and Sam lifted his hands up in surrender, a gesture meant to placate the more dominant Alpha. Dean released a breath through his nose and wiped at his face. “This was the right thing to do, she will understand and accept it eventually, after she calms down. None of this is about her or taking away that damn title,” Dean grumbled.
Dean groaned in pleasure and grunted against his lover’s neck. Castiel was a loud and expressive Omega in the bedroom, though he was by nature a shy and demure man. It was an amusing surprise to the Alpha.
“How long have I been here?” Dean asked, as he tried to take inventory of his still healing wounds. His left leg was prickling, meaning his healing abilities were still working to heal whatever massive wounds he had suffered there. He pulled off the blankets to look at all of himself, and saw Castiel look away from him. Nudity had never bothered Dean, yet he still couldn't figure out why humans were so embarrassed by it.
“Yeah, yeah, take off the under stuff in the water,” he mumbled out, as he threw them back behind him to lay in the dry sand with the rest of his clothes as Sam sat down.
Rowena smirked as John clasped Dean’s shoulder and nodded his approval.
“Oh but he is to her mental and emotional health.”
“You are my precious jewel, Cas. Tell me the names of the ones who will pay for what they have done to our offspring, to you, to us. I will avenge us.” Dean’s voice had taken on a darkness to it. A ferocious and wrathful energy was now vibrating beneath his lover’s skin and in his tentacles. The Cecaelia were considered monsters of the ocean for a reason. Dean would no doubt rip apart anyone that was a threat to them. It was his Alpha nature, and Castiel was too heartbroken and devastated over the loss of their eggs, and what members of his own clan had done to him, to go against his Cecaelia’s savage and vengeful ways. The Omega nodded in a daze, strangely soothed by the fierceness in his mate’s conviction to punish the ones responsible.
A sudden panic was starting to make its way into the pit of Castiel’s stomach. He racked his brain trying to remember a game, any game of his daughter’s he had actually attended. To his horror he couldn’t remember a single one.
Dean’s pack, once so long ago, before it had been destroyed in the blink of an eye in the middle of the night…with his pack, their Head Omega had been a loving and just female named Missouri. She had been a no nonsense and extremely protective and loving leader. She had been friends with his mother Mary, and had his father John on her counsel as one of the Alpha hunters.
indicates memories/flashbacks
“Dean, tonight and the other night, both times your knot didn’t even—” She gestured with her hand, her soft pink nails accenting her delicate fingers.
Sam looked at him with a fierce questioning gaze. “Honestly, not likely. But why would that even be something to think about? Unless the pup was in dire danger or already compromised beyond saving, no doctor would do such a surgery.”
If there was one thing to know about Alpha Cain, it was that he loved his horses. So it was quite clear to Castiel that it pained the man having to sedate one of them.
“I’m Pikachu mama! Daddy is Ash!” Ellie explained proudly as she ran back towards her father who was holding her rather large candy bag.
Stupid. Careless.
“That’s… that’s pretty smart actually.” Dean was impressed. He supposed Cas never did anything half assed and it made him smirk. “I think that’s grounds for a road trip.” He winked as he pushed to his feet and headed for his room to pack. The sound of  Sam’s laughter echoing behind him.
Dean stopped the female Omega and tilted his head towards Crowley who was still watching.
Castiel surged forward, framed the Alpha’s scruffy jaw and pulled him in for a kiss.
Balthazar watched him with saddened and worried blue eyes and Castiel did everything to ignore that pitying gaze.
“Dean, what about our wedding?” the Omega demanded, completely shocked. “It's in three days!”
Castiel hated how right her words felt as he pondered them. “I’ll think about it.”
The first thing he felt as his consciousness started to return was the pain in his left side. Dean knew better than to make a sound, despite being back in his human form to protect his beast. He could still smell others; humans were near. He listened intently, and breathed a small sigh of relief as he realized he was alone. Slowly, he opened his eyes, and his slight dizzy spell quickly subsided as he took in his surroundings. He was in a small room, laid out on a too-small bed that had his feet hanging over the edge. His wounds were all dressed in clean bandages, and he could smell as well as feel some sort of healing salve, most likely from willow or wisteria bark. He arched a brow, wondering where exactly he was, as the bright sun of the day shone in from the window to his left. It was snowing. He noticed a small banner that ran across the bare wall. It boasted four curled trees, two at each side, with ancient runes in an arch at the top and at the bottom, while the center held a symbol Dean was sure he had seen before. It was an Old Gods symbol, a reminder of the ones that his King, Cain, held high disdain for over those that worshiped anyone but him. The symbol was an elaborate and beautiful Triskelion. As Dean looked around his minimal surroundings, he found the Triskelion symbol etched into the four corners of the wooden bed he was laying in.
“You know he isn't!” Michael turned back to Dr. Hess.
Cain turned to look at him as they laughed at the horse’s antics. “Mornin’ Castiel.”
He remembered looking over and seeing the turtle near him, and then there had been a man…and tentacles. Moss colored tentacles that suddenly ripped apart the nets, and human-like arms had helped him back into the boat, where his fishing buddy was passed out drunk. Rufus had turned back to look at the water, and found an older man with a beard and unusually rough looking skin.
“You want him to meet Lorraine,” Dean voiced as he came to caress Castiel’s cheek, wanting to diminish the pain his mate felt towards their horrific loss. Rowena nodded at his statement. “I don’t want a pointless war that will kill hundreds for the actions of a few. Castiel has given me the names of the seven Merfolk responsible, and they will pay dearly by my hand,” he growled out. The sheer rage that pulsed through him made Castiel shiver.
Castiel looked up at his lover, who was softening the sand piles in his cave to make his Omega comfortable. The blue merman couldn’t stop smiling. Dean had gone on for three senescences, determined to find him and bring him safely home. His Alpha had destroyed the ones that had torn them apart and that had taken their little ones away before they could even take their first swim. Now, they could finally live peacefully. Castiel never had to worry about losing Dean again.
“Ok, ok, let me just..” Sam took out the ‘box’ Rowena had given them at the start of their adventure. Much like the ‘watches’, she had informed them that humans functioned around something called ‘money’. As far as the brothers were concerned, the ‘money’ was a filthy and smelly item humans seemed entirely too fond of. Rowena had explained that in order for them to eat, get ‘clothes’ (both Alphas hated the contraptions), or appear as normal as possible, they would need money, and as such she had gifted them with the small metal box that held a magical element.
They stayed snuggled up, both calm and complacent. Dean absent-mindedly traced his fingers up and down his lover’s arm, as he gazed at the fairy tea lights that gave their blanket forth a cozy ambience.
It was almost as if three years hadn’t passed. As if he hadn’t entered his life and turned it upside down and twisted something that could have been… real… beautiful. All for greatness he had completely misplaced in wanting power.
He touched his face, and his hand came away wet with tears. “I, um…it's beautiful,” Jimmy tried to cover, yet he could tell by Meg’s reaction she didn’t buy it.
It was as if it was suspended somehow. Everything was in its place, as if someone would be back and it was lived in, only the dust and cobwebs said differently. This cabin certainly didn’t mirror nor fit its outside structure and if there was one thing Dean Winchester knew, it was construction. From the outside, this cabin should be about to blow over with one strong gust of wind like the whistling ones outside now. Instead, the inside was well insulated and was damn solid, and well built to
Castiel was knitting, and Dean couldn’t help but notice that he glowed, looking serene. His sandalwood and jasmine scent had  taken on a heavy dose of pine, the Winchester’s primary scent, and it made Dean’s wolf puff up with pride. This sweet and humble Omega was carrying a gift that Dean couldn’t wait to get to know, to nurture and love.
“Dean….” Castiel found himself whispering, as Michael nodded besides him in confirmation.
Dean took to the skies and pivoted toward the weapons. Michael was screaming at him on his back to pull back from his position, but Dean wouldn’t listen. They had killed Sam! They had to die. He lit them and barreled through the wooden wagons, fury burning bright in his huge reptilian eyes as he destroyed them. He even sank his teeth into three soldiers as he went.
“Twenty-two weeks,” Castiel replied, his voice barely a whisper.
“Yes! Yes… I do” Castiel answered honestly.
and not Jo or Emma, her behavior had turned cold.
“It’s a pleasure meeting you.” Castiel wasn't sure why he was here. After swimming for so long to get home, the Omega had only wanted to be tangled in Dean’s arms and tentacles. He knew meeting his mate’s clan was important, yet he couldn’t fathom what meeting this sweet-looking Cecaelia elder could be about.
“My name is Castiel. I am the Healer here. You were hurt quite badly.” Castiel came and sat in the wooden chair next to the bed, which he had obviously occupied before Dean had awakened. There was a small table next to it that held fresh bandages, as well as some of the salve Dean had smelled on himself. There was also a bowl of clean water.
Day 57: Something is here…
“You’re…” The blue merman couldn’t seem to finish his phrase as he looked at his friend with renewed confusion.
“I know brotha, and that’s why I’m saying, give him a subtle hint, that’s all. He takes it and does something, great. He ignores it, then…” Benny moved his hand about in a gesture saying he wasn’t sure.
“It’s delicious.”
—at all when he had claimed the male Omega. She hadn’t been able to stay asleep long since they went to bed, her mind refused to quiet down enough for her to rest, her wolf numb and confused as her Alpha laid next to her, the scent of another Omega on him. She felt it all like a piercing pain.
“I… I think I’m going into heat…” Castiel panted as he started to press his lips against the Alpha’s jaw, leaving kisses anywhere his lips landed.
Jimmy sighed. His mind was always filled with an onslaught of questions, with no legitimate answers in sight. Why had he forgotten in the first place? Was he blocking the memories himself? He reached over and picked up his small treasure chest, and opened it on his lap. He wasn’t sure what his fascination with the tiny pink pearls was, but as he touched them gently, their surfaces glimmering in the dim light, they soothed him,  a vibrant hum coursing through him. It was as if they made him remember something powerful, something that had meaning beyond it being a physical item. As if its representation meant something beautiful and profound in its purity. He wished so much he could at least remember
“Sit down,” Dean instructed, his voice raw and rough like gravel.
Fellow hunter and friend Garth had stopped by the bunker one day. He had tried to take up the mantle Bobby had left behind but he had been struggling with the sheer amount of work and need. Garth had a wife and kids that also needed his attention while he now worked as a dentist… not leaving much room for him to step into Bobby’s shoes.
Dean looked down at his ‘watch’. It was nearing the hundredth hour, and across the room, Sam’s watch mimicked the sound out of sync.
An alarming panic suddenly hit him. It was coming from his still newly forming bond with Castiel. Without a second thought, Dean bulldozed his way out of the bunker and zeroed in as quickly as he could to find Cas. He was close, and he could feel his confusion and his struggle accepting his inner wolf. Dean could also feel pain that had nothing to do with Castiel’s physical changes. His mate was wounded.
Castiel frowned. Who was Anna? He also wasn’t sure how to feel about her complimenting him,if it was a compliment. The sadness in Lorraine’s tone confused him quite a bit.
In his haze, as he slowly came to consciousness, he could hear hushed whispers in the room. From the scents, one was an Alpha, and the other an Omega.
As the kiss slowed into gentle nips, Dean nuzzled into Castiel’s cheek before he laid his forehead against his. “I’ve wanted to do that for some time now,” Dean admitted, and Castiel smiled and cupped his cheek, getting a kiss to his palm. The Alpha’s emerald green eyes seemed to glow.
Dean wanted to throttle him. Perhaps one day he would get the chance to wipe that smug grin right off his face but for now, the coward of an Alpha had a point. Dean wanted to get home, needed to have a proper burial for his brother, and face Bela’s wrath at bringing home a claimed Omega whose child was of his blood.
“I’m sure it will be okay, Buttercup will feel better after you find out what's going on with him. He loves you,” Castiel added quickly, which made Cain smile as he nodded. Just as he turned to start towards the barn, Cowboy came in fast and agile and to Castiel’s complete surprise, Cain managed to jump onto the horse’s back and reigned him in with a ‘gotcha!’
Truth be told, Dean did want to be able to kiss Castiel, nuzzle him, and yeah, he’d love for them to actually be mated, be a family. It shocked him just how much he wanted that with Castiel, when he had been with Bela for years and hadn’t needed or yearned for her the way he did this Omega he had never been intimate with. The Alpha wondered if it was all because of the bond… but he knew down to his bones, there was just something about Castiel himself that made him happy. It was a simple and full feeling that wasn't accompanied by conditions and stipulations… Hell he had offered Castiel anything for his birthday and all the beautiful Omega wanted was a movie night, just the three of them, as a family.
Pamela snorted. “You are looking at her.” She laughed harder as it dawned on Castiel that it was her and she could almost see the glimmer of awe in his eyes.
“I don’t know how to feel…” She whispered finally as the exhaustion seeped into the depths of her bones.
“Cas?” Anna came back towards him and as soon as she saw his tears, she took him back in her arms as Castiel cried against her.
mate. Then, and only then, will we set upon them.”
Bela regarded her as if she had lost her mind. “Of course it is.” She stated before her cold eyes turned to Castiel once again. “You’re a fool and a lucky one. He clearly cares for you by taking nothing. Perhaps you can get acquainted with your kitchen.”
The Alpha was ridiculously massive in the small room, and Lily was wiggling about happily as Dean took her by the nape and lifted her from the crib.
“That, she is. I have to get ready to make the announcement in a little bit. The pack has been buzzing and waiting for news. A new pup is big. There will be a big party to celebrate her arrival, when you’re feeling up to it,” Dean informed him.
“Meg?” Castiel voiced surprised. “What are you doing here?”
“Tomorrow, you know the rules.” Castiel smiled as he watched his Alpha take their grumbling pup to get her bath while he cleaned up the dishes. He could hear Ellie giggling and talking in the bath, still fighting sleep.
“Alright everyone, Alpha Winchester needs to rest, everyone out. You are all welcome to wait in the waiting area if you still wish to stay,” announced a Beta nurse, as she waltzed in and shooed them all out.
Castiel was now back in Dean’s arms, and he buried his face against him. His monster had avenged them. Castiel had never felt more safe and content as his mate’s tentacles gently caressed him and held him while they waited for the feeding frenzy to end so they could all safely leave the Blood Waters.
Dean instantly missed the feel of Castiel’s light touch. "Here, let me put her to bed," he offered and reached for her. Lily cuddled against him in her sleep as she buried her face against Dean's chest, which made joy and a fierce protectiveness purr within him as he smiled and kissed her forehead. He moved down the hall to her nursery and with practice ease, laying her down on her favorite bee-themed blanket. The addicting happy baby smell of jasmine and pine was potent and yeah, Dean loved this little lady dearly.
“You’re sure about this?” Sam frowned as he paced the length of Dean’s office. Across the room, Benny smirked and sighed into his hand. The rumors had gone a bit wild, and while a handful of people were up in arms, most of the pack was happy about their new addition regardless of who Lily’s true sire was.
Dean nodded. “So how's Eileen doing with the pregnancy?”
Bela closed the distance between them and caressed his face and Dean felt nothing but guilt as he saw her tears. “I know you didn’t do this lightly or to hurt me, you wanted to save them and it’s noble… but I think you forget that you can’t save everyone. Sometimes, there is a cost that comes with it.”
indicates memories/flashbacks
They didn’t need him. He was just an asshole that could make things. He wasn’t smart or wealthy. Cas could do better, and Sam, well, Sam had his own life with his wife,  and it wasn’t like they were close…
“Huh,” was all Dean could bring himself to say.
“I… “ Castiel felt like a fool. He knew with every part of him that this Clinic had never been a healthy environment and he was ashamed to realize that he had ignored all the red flags in favor of wanting to build his career and help his patients. He was a complete fool that had somehow let those evil whispers get to him and believed he was doing good in putting his patients first and he hated himself for willingly doing it. For pushing the love of his life out of his life and losing their daughter in the storm of his desperate need to be the most successful Omega physician in their town. He broke them, no one else but him and he hated himself. The shame that had awakened within him threatening to shock him. He didn’t want to admit any of it because then; then he was truly the one that had destroyed his happy life. He could blame Meg and the others all he wanted but he wast the one who had put his career before all else. It meant admitting that the last three years of his life had been wrong and he had missed so much. He had felt a sense of righteous duty to this clinic and its people when no one truly cared for him in return besides Balthazar. Despair felt heavy and dark in the pit of his stomach as the pethathic and helpless feelings returned to drown him promised to choke him.
“Oh… Yes.” Castiel’s hazy mind slowly came back to reality as his senses returned. The strong scent of pine and bergamot was followed by his wolf humming with the knowledge of his ‘Alpha’ being near, making Castiel sit up straighter in the chair. The Omega looked up to find Dean… Dean, yes. Castiel frowned, the fog from his exhausted sleep finally lifting fully as reality slammed back into him just as his broken arm started to thump painfully.
After that day, somehow their paths continued to cross, always work situations, events, meetings, or briefings depending on department changes. Both were so strongly pulled towards each other, their eyes would meet within seconds of being in the same vicinity, and Castiel found himself scenting the Alpha everywhere and it had made him feel completely crazy. He had googled and researched why this
“Yes.”
Dean felt Castiel lace their fingers together and warmth bloomed in his heart. Bela was a solid and secure presence beside him. He felt the strength of both Omegas as they held onto him and Dean was in awe of them. Pride filled him as a possessive and protective roar sounded within him. They were his, and despite whatever rumors came after Castiel displayed Dean’s bite and wore his collar tonight, Bela was his equal, wore his collar too and was the Head Omega. Her strength was like no other, while Castiel was quickly becoming Dean’s calming point. With both of them by his side, Dean dared to be hopeful for the future as he felt the last essence of Adam depart with the embers that burned brightly in the darkness. His aloe and pine scent swirled around Dean in a loving brotherly caress of goodbye and Dean smiled despite the pain in his heart.
“Well ‘Lord’ of Winter Peak, I believe you mentioned wanting to show me your precious tree,” Dean teased while Castiel looked him over, as if to make sure the Dragon was fully healed.
Dean downed two bottles of water and a sandwich that was debatable, but he couldn’t care about food poisoning when he was so hungry.
IF YOU SEE ANY OF MY STORIES ON WATTPAD UNDER ANOTHER AUTHOR NAME BESIDES MY OWN (XHARUKA17X), IT IS NOT ME!. PLEASE LET ME KNOW IMMEDIATELY ABOUT THIS PERSON STEALING MY STORY. THIS HAS HAPPENED TWICE ALREADY. PLEASE COMMENT ON MY STORY OR CONTACT ME ON xharuka17x.tumblr.com. THANK YOU
Once in the kitchen, he found one of her prepared bottles, warmed it to perfection and headed to the living room to cuddle with the pup while she suckled the milk hungrily.
Castiel blushed at having all eyes on him as Pamela and Charlie helped and Lily through the crowd and up on the wooden platform. Dean smelled excited and happy and Castiel couldn’t keep the smile from his face. Murmurs and cheers went through the crowd and Castiel made himself keep his gaze on the Head Alpha.
Carefully not to wake either of them, Castiel picked up the empty bottle and smiled as he washed it in the kitchen. Having Dean take care of her, be so ‘present’ in her young life and help her grow… it had only been two weeks, she wasn’t even a month old and yet she was everything to them. And Castiel couldn’t stop the awed adoration that grew within his heart for Dean himself.
The brief moment gained a curious gaze from Charlie, who eyed the large and fresh claiming bite on the male Omega’s neck. Dean nodded to her, letting her know he would fill her in later.
Instead, Dean handed over his credit card and told his lover to book a vacation. Castiel had chosen a stunning place in Riviera Maya, Mexico. Dean looked over the brochure, a gorgeous place called El Dorado Casitas Royale. As he studied the images and what was offered, Castiel had really gone all out in picking out the place.
“Hmm, I see. Well, Dean the Dragon sounds much better,” Castiel said.
Dean knew that the first collar had been made years ago, when he was a gangly teenager and had just presented as Alpha. Customs held strong in the packs that when one presented as Alpha, the pack seamstress or tailor would craft a collar with their family crest for the future Omega the Alpha would one day choose.
“Meg, who is that,” Jo asked.
“Was alright,” Benny started, but was interrupted by a beeping sound. He lifted a finger, indicating he needed a moment as he retrieved his cell phone from his pocket. Jimmy still didn’t completely understand the dependency people seemed to have on them. Benny suddenly erupted in a burst of laughter that jolted Jimmy. “My niece sends me these video things. I, um, I love marine animals, and she sends me these videos sometimes.”
The Omega waddled into the house, a bit surprised that no one had come to meet him like they usually did. As he closed the door behind him, he found the house empty. He could feel through their bond that Dean was close, and he assumed the man was upstairs. Castiel decided against bothering him. He had wanted to broach the subject of getting a nursery ready, but it could wait until morning. He smiled at the thought, thinking of various themes for his little girl as he opened the fridge to get a drink. On the shelf there was a banana yogurt with a bag of walnuts left for him with a smiley face on it, and it made Castiel laugh. It was from Dean. He took both from the fridge just as he heard a roar from the front of the house, making him jolt.
“Because you deserve better! You are the rightful Head Omega!” Michael cried out.
“There’s a gathering, the Elders have been summoned and pack members are either bunking down or congregating to watch,” Benny started as Dean rushed to put on his clothes.
Jo growled as she watched this child of an Omega caressed the Alpha she still loved. She wanted him to stop touching him. “I bet you’re disappointed, no money for you,” she couldn’t stop herself from interjecting, hating how completely out of control she felt.
“I have no doubt he and I are the same, and yeah, he was definitely exiled, but we aren’t from the same clan. The memory loss is ...something that was done to him. It's not natural. Even the doctor agrees that  it’s  a unique form of amnesia. Plus, the scars.” Meg rubbed at her arm. Her own banishment hadn’t been without a physical scar, yet it was nothing compared to what Jimmy had clearly suffered.
Dean clenched his jaw. He had no words, no way to even begin to explain that, hell he hadn’t even really noticed it until the night of the challenge. Castiel had just appeared at the front door, his round form glowing and those bright blue eyes filled with worried curiosity, and Dean and his wolf had all but melted… The Alpha swallowed and rubbed at his face. He didn’t know what to say…
As he walked down a forested trail with Benny, he poked at his bond with Castiel, feeling the Omega’s contentment and relaxed mood. It definitely helped him stay in a good mood.
