Thor stops talking. Jane lifts up one hand to her face, wiping away a tear and sniffing her nose. Then she chuckles, turning her face to the audience awkwardly. A few people laugh along, but mostly everybody stays quiet.
“’llo?” he asks, sounding hoarse. There’s no answer. He groans, checks out the nightstand, but finds a surprising lack of water there. Finding a red light hanging above him, he reaches up to press it. He figures it might be a way to call the nurses or something like that.
Yeah, okay. That’s going to be hard to remember. 'Mr. Rogers' just comes to naturally to him.
Shit, the fight against that Mordo-guy! How did that end up? If they left him lying there, that must mean that everybody’s probably knocked out as well! Peter puts the mask back on and starts running. He vaguely recognizes where he currently is, knowing Midtown well enough after going to school there for many years. He takes the familiar shortcuts, barely aware of the few people on the streets looking at him curiously.
“I could explain it to you, if you want?” Peter tries. Steve just shakes his head. When they pass Wanda, the two nod at her before continuing their walk.
Peter gets ready to put away his plate. He grabs it from the table, stands up, and takes his first few steps before knocking in against somebody and dropping it all to fall. His reflexes are quick enough that he reaches back to it to keep it from breaking on the ground, though only afterwards he realizes that the very few people in the room are watching him.
Tony rolls his eyes, but then he turns to the side and hands Bruce his glass.
“It’s a onesie,” Tony states, and Peter’s face flushes. He’s glad Tony can’t see it.
For the past few days, he’s been on quite a roll. Now using the self-defense techniques Nat taught him, he finds that the hits he’s been getting are becoming less often. He moves more efficiently, ends up with less holes in his suit, and finds himself chasing crime after crime. Even now, he’s on a streak, stopping one crime after the other without taking a break. Yesterday he did ten in a row. Today, he’s already close to eight, and it’s not even ten in the evening. He’ll probably break his own record again.
But… if they’re in a training exercise, and he’s the prey, that means that he’s got to be careful with his reflexes if he doesn’t want to raise any attention.
“Sirs?” the boy asks. Tony and Steve give him a wide smile.
“Falcon, the Goblin!” he yelled at the guy with the wings, then he put his hands in the air and made a pull-sign. The winged-dude, Falcon, got there first and pulled the attacker, the Goblin, out of the water. They started struggling in the air, which made Falcon drop his target. Yaël looked at the man with the bow, who fished Peter out of the water. Then she saw the Goblin fall on the ground, jump up and running off.
“DA!” the kid shouts out, holding his arms towards Tony in an attempt to escape from Johnny’s grasp. The teenager seems to struggle with holding him like that. Without asking him anything, Johnny brings the kid closer to Tony until his little arms are wrapped around Tony’s neck.
“Don’t let in strangers, always lock up, and you or any other member of the Avengers are only
“Hey, what’s wrong guys?” Peter asks in confusion. Tony shakes his head, only now noticing that there are tears in his eyes.
Mr. Stark?!
He feels… stronger?
“You come asking for help?” Natasha asks in disbelief, letting go of Barnes and walking forward. She looks menacing, so Tony prepares himself. “After all you’ve done, you want us to just help you?”
Another angry guard tilted her out of the chair and roughly dragged her towards the weapon section. She tried to scratch his hand open, but the man dropped her dryly and told her to choose one weapon.
“You were right,” Steve mutters out. “I have been leading Sharon on this whole time…”
“Anyway,” Charles says in an attempt to get their attention back. “I know the two of you have been taking some time off from the field. I was hoping that perhaps, Captain Rogers, you would be interested in helping Wade along on a better path?”
After making a call with Peter’s psychiatrist, Tony tells the kid that the way he’s feeling will take about a day or two, as long as he keeps on taking his medication. Peter doesn’t respond, instead just rests his head on his father’s lap and watches the TV playing something that’s supposed to be funny but can’t get a laugh out of him.
“Have you got an appointment?” the woman on the right asks. Steve opens his mouth to answer, but then the door opens. There he can see T’Challa’s surprised face. He looks like he’s ready to head outside. Good, where-ever he’s going, Steve can just talk to him about it on the way there.
When he gets to take Mary’s place next to Peter, he reaches out his hand until it passes over Peter’s cheek, his hair, the back of his head. He’s so small, still so full of wonder. Not yet filled with so much sadness. This is the Peter Tony wished he had the chance of being for the rest of his life, but it’s not up to him to decide this.
they’re talking about. There’s no way a kid can get through that, no matter if they’re sharing the same DNA.
Nothing’s going the way it should. He has no idea when it started, but he figures it must be since the Infinity War. Though, what exactly happened there, he has no idea. The way he remembers it, it was like nobody was really meeting each other for the first time. Peter can’t remember ever coming across the Guardians of the Galaxy before, nor does he remember meeting Thor before then. Still, when they came down to Earth, they seemed to know exactly who he was.
The two persons next to him are women. Models, by the looks of it. They’re skinny, sun-tanned, and also naked. Extremely naked.
“I suppose that’s alright. Wouldn’t want to anger you after all,” the man says. He holds out his hand towards Bruce, and Bruce accepts the handshake. “I’ll find you, don’t you worry.”
“Hi,” Peter waved a bit awkwardly as soon as Yaël opened the door. “Wade texted me to come and get you. We’re going to the park.”
“Did you know I dreamt about you?” The words suddenly flapped out of her mouth.
“So, am I making a good dad already?” Tony asks in a whisper. Steve lowers his head until his lips are on Tony’s neck. Tony gasps lightly, holding on to Steve’s back with his two hands.
“So you’re not here for a social visit, aren’t you? It’s like I barely see you anymore these days Pumpkin,” Tony complains in exaggeration without looking up from his screen. Though with mirrored images, Steve tries to follow along. Once Tony notices, he sits up a bit, carefully moving his leg until it’s in a good position while he’s sitting. Then he allows Steve to look along. Sharon, too, leans above the couch to read with them.
Tony only realizes tears are rolling down from his cheeks after that. He wipes them away quickly, sniffs his nose, and breathes out heavily. He sometimes forgets how much Natasha seems to care, sometimes. After reading up on her past, knowing what kind of person she used to be in the past, Tony never really thought of her as a team-player. She was a killer, and a damn good one. In many ways, she keeps on surprising him, still.
“Dad!”
,” FRIDAY reveals. Tony sighs, looking down at his cellphone and finding that he has no messages. Nobody should be missing him already; Steve is probably back asleep, and Peter is helping the other guys.
Shit… he really misses his own Steve. He shouldn’t have started an argument with him yesterday. Shouldn’t have shouted at him. Shouldn’t have been an ass. Tony sobs unknowingly, his entire body aching at the idea that
Outside, he’s awaited by one of Mr. Toomes’ buddies. The man with the shocking device. Or, it’s a different man than the one Peter saw that first time. What happened to him? Peter is thrown around a bit more, but eventually Ned comes to his rescue by using the web-shooters that fell off Peter’s old suit.
Peter walks MJ back to her house. She doesn’t live to far away from Peter’s apartment, so that’s a good thing. Nearing her front door, Peter clears his throat once again before turning towards her.
- Everybody realizes how crappy the situation is
Though, given the tingly feeling he’s getting in his body, he realizes he wouldn’t mind too much if she would be genuinely interested. A heavy breath escapes his mouth as he thinks of her almost-white hair and the way it falls over her shoulders. Or those full lips, accentuated with that bright red lip-gloss that had been rubbed out on his only a bit ago.
“I don’t think we’ll ever completely understand your Dad, Peter. He might have convinced himself it’s okay to be
“Yeah, Tony told me where you two were so I thought I’d help out a bit,” Steve offers. Peter smiles but shrugs.
In the evening, Tony is exhausted. He lies down on the couch, with a movie playing in the background, while Peter lies next to him. The two fall fast asleep in no time, and Tony only wakes up an hour later, where he then decides to move his kid back into his bed.
He’s been working himself up for the past ten minutes since he’s been here, silently freaking out about everything. His first instinct right now is to just turn back and pretend like this never happened. Luckily, he never really follows his instinct when it comes to matters like these, and he doesn’t drive the car back around to return to the tower.
to start another fight. So he walks through the door Natasha’s pointing at, and sits himself down a chair without waiting for an invitation. He nods shortly at Wilson, before looking around a bit.
“Somewhere where we’ll both feel at home: Norway.” Nilla’s laughter stopped. Instead, she stared at Yaël in disbelief.
“FRIDAY, call the cleaning crew,” Mr. Stark says. The AI affirms, and after that, Mr. Stark points back at the chair Peter had been sitting on. Unaware that he’s still holding the gauntlet and the arc reactor, Peter sits down and bites his lip some more.
“Tony, I didn’t mean to make things difficult. With Bucky…”
“Peter, we need to talk about you being an Avenger…” Steve finally says without looking up. On Tony’s face, Peter can already see that it’s not going to be a pleasant conversation.
He must be in the bedroom Tony put together for him. He had said that Peter needed to redecorate it a bit.
Once her fingers grab a hold of the handle, it’s like a gigantic wave of wind emerges from her. There’s some sort of storm indoors all of the sudden, clouds forming above her while bolts of electricity paint the air around them. Thor looks up with wonder and excitement in his eyes. Jane’s hair goes up in the air, wild and… lighter in color?
Eventually, there’s Johnny, who is flaming again. He has his back facing the others, still holding his hands up as if he’s holding back the fire. Peter stares at him for a few seconds before he finally relaxes.
It’s sweaty and it gets Tony breathless a few times as they move together despite the awkwardness in it as well. They don’t go all the way – they’re not ready for that. But every moment spent together is just as enjoyable.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Tony starts, pulling his head back a bit to look at Steve again. The super soldier smiles. “You know that, right?”
“You’re sweaty,” Tony mutters. Steve snorts.
“Queen Völuspá,” she whispered to herself, almost inaudible.  How the freaking heck did the Queen get here and why were they calling her Hela? Was this the plan Nilla had been talking about? Usually, thinking about Nilla stung, but Yaël was too distracted to feel it. Loki looked up and stared Yaël in the eyes for just a split-second, obviously immediately recognizing her. Shit, she blew her cover.
Tony can hear breathing; there’s somebody else in the room with him. He can hear something that sounds like a pump, starting up in regular intervals and going on for about ten minutes before stopping again. Then there’s voices in the back, somebody moving very close to him. Door closing and opening again.
“WOW! That was
Right…
Around Midnight, he’s back into bed, having done nothing else more. And as he dreams, his head is filled with lots of Star Wars references, for some reason.
Tony finally pulls his hand away. Then he takes a couple of steps back. Good, get some distance.
Yaël snorted, Peter and his weird accusations about her being in relationships with her friends.
Partly, that was.
“How long until we get there?” Steve asks, leaning forward to look along through the window.
Yeah, he’s glad Rhodey’s back. Now just to calm the platypus for a bit.
“Harry and MJ broke up,” he says suddenly starting up the next punch. Natasha avoids it easily.
The last thing Peter expects to show up from the fog of dust is Wade. Even less a Wade wearing the school’s cheerleading uniform and jumping up high in the air with pompoms while he tries to evade somebody.
Peter doesn’t see, but that’s probably because he’s beat and about ready to fall asleep on the spot. He doesn’t say anything about it, either, instead throwing his legs over the side of the bed (carefully) and heading towards the bathroom where he starts up a shower.
Arriving in Chinatown at last, Miles walks back up out of the station. It would be far-fetched to say that New York smells fresh. It smells like sewers, most of the time. In some parts of the city, it just smells like crack all around. More often than not a random dude offers him whatever they’re high on and Miles so far has always refused – kindly, obviously. They should be happy he doesn’t get their asses arrested. Just one word to his Dad and they would all be charged for trying to sell drugs to a minor.
Was it a post-apocalyptic world? Was humanity nearly wiped out? He doesn’t know if he can ask. Steve won’t talk about what happened behind his portal. He’s just sprinting towards Tony, kneeling down the moment the man falls down on the ground, looking worried instantly.
been trying to get her attention now for the past two weeks. Peter doesn’t mind at all, if only he distracts her a bit from her strange focus on Peter.
Minus the losing a limb part, of course.
“You need me to join?” Yaël asked Peter. Sure, she knew that was a bit of a weird proposal, but this Tony caught her attention and she didn’t want Peter to faint out of stress.
“Not yet, Steve,” Tony says, passing his hand over Steve’s bare chest and rubbing circles over his skin. “If I’m not wrong, it would be your first time, so we might want to keep that for a special occasion.”
“The Avengers are in hiding, Natasha’s blonde now, Steve’s in prison and Tony almost died but survived because of a liver transplant,” Peter blurts out. Everybody looks at him with a strange expression and Peter just shrugs. “I simply gave him a quick recap. Oh, and Vision and Wanda are kind of a thing.”
“Loki?” Oh, she remembered, after the scene they both just saw, after they had woken up, Loki had told her his real name. Yaël finally opened her eyes and saw Loki’s sad smile.
“Too strong.”
as healed as he thought – Peter starts to slowly make his way back to Queens. Once home, he takes a shower, a light painkiller Dr. Cho prescribed him, and then he heads to bed.
Steve’s back. Tony can’t really believe it. Last night, he was almost convinced they were completely over. And now? Tony’s going to talk the shit out of this, and they’re going to make something work even if it kills them.
“You choose,” Yaël pulled out her phone from her pocket and started typing. “I’m texting Peter and Wanda. Now you move! I still have two hours of Music to do!” There were already a few teens walking in and claiming their seats, Yaël even heard some typical muffled gossiping and kids making plans for the evening.
Aaron shrugs, holding a beer in his hand as he sits down.
Tony promised to do his best and bring him back here. He failed. He’s the one who pushed him away.
Couldn’t someone just rip that thing out of her?
“I could get some, but what would you need? Blood, hair? Spit?” He’s just summing things up now, calling up what he remembers from all those TV shows where DNA tests are only done in mere minutes. If only it were that easy in real life.
A young girl, about Peter’s age. She’s wearing a bonnet, but the dark red curls are slightly visible – Michelle, his mind tells him. She’s sitting at a café, talking to somebody Peter doesn’t recognize. Just, for a moment, he stays on the roof of the building, blinking a few times as he looks.
Peter endures the class, even manages to finish all the equations without any trouble – much faster even than the others. He’d hoped the woman would have mercy on him if he showed that he could do it, but as it turns out she’s a stone cold bitch who doesn’t even seem to like teaching to teenagers.
“Yeah, you did, it’s P Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney!” Wade looked a bit surprised at the dude, then he started laughing so loudly that the sound filled the whole bar.
“OH MY GOD THIS IS THE HAPPIEST DAY IN MY LIFE!” she shouts, running back to her usual spot while hugging her phone. Steve awkwardly shuffles back towards the chairs with Tony and LL. Meanwhile, Peter jumps up on his feet, clearing his throat and pointing towards the door.
Trigger warnings: see end notes!!
Granted, at first she simply thought he was struggling with something else. He kept on sneaking out of the house, being awkward next to her and keeping things from her. In her shame, she thought he was just afraid to admit something to her. Multiple thoughts occurred to her, one of them being that he might have been gay all along.
Normally, he would actually manage to
“Come eat,” Steve said calmly, totally ignoring her disappointment.
“I might have been told that a few times.” Steve then carefully puts Tony down on the bed, giving him a small smile. That playfulness of before suddenly gone from his face, and instead some uncertainty taking its place. Before Steve can pull away, Tony reaches out for him, putting a hand on Steve’s cheek and looking him into his eyes.
“Because, Dad, you’re in the ICU. They’re monitoring you.”
“But, come on, you have the body for it!” Yaël was kind of getting sick of hearing that, apparently, she didn’t look too bad. He never saw her with her clothes off (eh, right?), how could he know? But she sighed it away, no she couldn’t be grumpy about that, it was a compliment.
Johnny sneezes a few times. Peter doesn't point it out, but just hands him paper handkerchiefs to blow his nose. The news is on, but nothing much is happening.
When Flash sees Peter hiss a bit, he lowers his grip a little bit, but still doesn’t let go of him. Who knew there was a human side to him?
“It’s still the cave,” memory-Lopt answered as he walked in, completely soaked, carrying a big pile of branches.
Yaël started grumbling. “Sure, the guy somehow can’t
“Korg, you and Miek keep going, I’ll keep these guys at work!” Korg nodded and took another passage while Yaël kept running forward.
Another sigh, and then Peter walks back into the room, where he’s greeted with a few worried glances, but no more than that. He stays there for the remaining thirty minutes. The moment it’s over, he hurries out without giving as much as a warning. He knows it’s rude, but he doesn’t care.
“Because, dear J, as much as I miss you, I really need to get home and fix my own family,” Tony explains. “And that means apologizing to Peter and Steve, and get my shit together.”
“That’s exactly how I would do it,” she grinned. Peter shot a dry, sarcastic look at her. Okay, Yaël got it, Peter’s life was way too complicated.
she returns. Peter rolls his eyes, jumping back up and carefully turning around the lock of the window.
There’s somebody stroking his hair. Soft, slim fingers, moving over his scalp in such a loving gesture. Peter doesn’t want to open his eyes, yet, enjoying the feeling too much for now. He lifts up a hand to put above the one on his head.
Also, I felt myself getting annoyed while writing down that argument. I hope everybody gets just as annoyed as Mordo's supposed to feel. That was definitely my intention! Just so you can say in the end 'THAT'S WHAT YOU GET, IDIOTS!'
Tony ignores him. He drops the mugs down on the coffee table and kneels down on the ground. Ignoring the pain in his left shoulder as he leans on it, he reaches underneath the couch and finds there the familiar fabric of the suit he’s been working on with Peter.
There are too many people around. He doesn’t want them talking about this. Not yet…
Steve guides Tony back inside the room, but Tony’s not really listening to Strange, who is discussing the reactions in Peter’s brain. Instead, Tony’s mind is stuck on Mary, on who told her in the first place. Who was the person that warned her? And what did they tell her? Did she know everything? Know that Tony knows? She didn’t let that show in that video of hers, at least, but it might have been recorded before that person arrived.
But there was something distracting her from the subject and Yaël didn’t know if she had to be grateful or not. Sometimes she woke up, noticing she scratched her own hand open. The scratching, that’s what it all started with. She was used to it when it was caused by panic due to circumstances, but now she busted herself doing it frequently.
“It’s a good thing FRIDAY gave you all of those codes,” Mr. Stark says without looking at Peter. Instead, the man is inspecting the infusion pump and the monitor that keeps on making noise.
Peter thinks to himself.
In what universe would Mrs. Potts give Wade a chance?
“Yes-“
Yaël was wandering around the city, trying to get some more of the stiffness out of her legs. She hadn’t seen Steve the day before. He had called her to tell her he had to leave town for a few days. It was for a mission, he told her. Those little stings in her heart she felt after he hung up, she tried to put them away in a mental box. Steve would call and meet her when he came back, right? There was nothing to worry about.
Peter’s only asleep for ten minutes before the door opens again. With the Avengers coming and going in the past few days, it could be anyone, really. Though, much to his relief, Tony sees Steve walking inside carefully.
It’s Bruce who notices him first. Just a short sideway glance, but immediately, the scientist speaks up.
Vision hurries up to Wanda the moment he sees her. Everybody makes an ‘ooh-‘sound the moment the android pulls her into his arms and kisses her on the lips. A few of the audience even start clapping and shouting enthusiastically. Behind Peter, Tony, too, starts clapping his hands.
“Don’t say that, Peter,” Tony gets out with a shivering voice. “You’re worth the universe to me.”
- Peggy <3
“Whoah, are we going to make out now?” he asked he with a little, cheeky twinkle in his eyes. The cashier looked a bit horrified at Wade and then back at Yaël, like he was trying to make clear he didn’t want to see an avocado making out with some chick right in front of him. The spit-detailed-horror was clearly readable on the poor teen’s face.
Tony doesn’t pull away. But he doesn’t look at Steve, either.
Much to everybody’s surprise, Jane stands back up the hammer raised in her hand. She looks at it in shock, with her mouth fallen open and her free hand on her stomach.
“Relax, bug-boy! You need help even more than I do,” Felicia returns. She fishes out some sort of gun and points it at Venom, who was apparently headed their way. Then, once the thing is fired, Venom flies to the back, shuddering on the ground. Felicia laughs. “Heh, I love shocking bad guys.”
“Why not? I thought it was going somewhere? Didn’t you guys go to prom together?” Tony wonders. When he gets deep enough in the closet, he pulls out an old Iron Man plushy he got from his Uncle when he was ten. Peter smiles when he sees it, taking it over from him.
Other times when she fell asleep, when she was in good luck, someone was actually taking care of her dipping her face with a cold, wet towel and braiding her hair. When she looked up, she always saw blue eyes, sometimes they were Steve’s, sometimes Cem’s and sometimes they were even Lopt’s eyes. These were the dreams that didn’t make her panic and immediately start puking again as she wokeup.
“Yeah, and Pepper’s also pretty upset. She would have been here, but she’s dealing with some reporters outside. A few people saw you when they were transporting you out, I’m afraid.”
It takes a few minutes for them to get out of the gardens. Natasha clearly prepared her whole path before coming here. Steve has to admire the way she’s prepared for it.
Eddie smirks all of the sudden. “Oh, Parker, I feel like, for the first time in my life, I know exactly what I’m doing.”
do the thing that keeps you sane? That you try, but you keep on being interrupted because you can hear footsteps from other people so many rooms away?”
“You wouldn’t believe us even if we told you,” he mutters out, only pulling Peter closer to them.
“Sure!” he grumbled.
Then Natasha presses her lips together and shakes her head.
Ross gives him. Tony has to admit that it’s not too bad of a deal, but still…
vulnerable to them?” a woman asks. Otto seems to have expected the question, though, if his smile is any indication of it.
Peter’s in the bathroom, taking a bath to calm himself down. Tony told him to take his time, and he doesn’t think Peter’s gonna get out so quickly after what just happened. It gives them plenty of time to talk about things.
Steve doesn’t say anything in return. Instead, he puts his right hand on Tony’s back. Tony, in turn, puts his left hand on the back of Steve’s shoulder. They slowly sway along with the music, trying to get into it for a bit.
Steve then shrugs. “I personally never had any trouble with him, but if I need to believe what the others tell me, you should better be a bit careful around him,” he jokes. Yaël wanted to say that he wasn’t her father so he shouldn’t judge her friends so badly based on what he’s heard, but she kept her mouth shut.
meet up again afterwards, he and Rhodey notice
Her sight on fathers probably was more magical than reality. She once had a father, though. A very sweet, good man. It’s weird how things can change so enormously. It’s weird how she’d be able to imagine Cem walking her to the aisle but knowing that never happened nor ever will happen.
“Pills and alcohol, it don’t match, kiddo,” he keeps on saying every time Peter even dares to sigh. After about two hours of just scowling on the couch, Tony decides it’s enough and puts up a movie.
The sun is shining high in the sky. It’s mid-April now, and spring is full in swing. Peter’s already left his coat at home, now daring to only walk outside in a thin sweater above his t-shirt. Knowing that there won’t be any crime-fighting for the following month, Peter isn’t bothering to put on the suit in the morning.
Once he returns back inside, having dropped the girl with the paramedics, Peter looks around hastily, in search for the Cat somewhere around here. His ears try to catch anything, but the sound of fire snapping into wood is loud enough to full everything around him.
Peter used the override.
“It’s of course even better when you get said news by her sixteen year old son who came in to get a scholarship because his family, which by the way only consists him and his aunt, can’t afford college,” Tony adds, thinking back of the poor Peter, and wishing that he didn’t have to go through all those bad things.
Shit that went too dark too fast.
“No, seriously Tony, have you turned yourself into a robot?” Her mouth drops open. “Have you been a robot all along? Does Peter have it, too?”
“Peter, why are we removing the tracker from your suit?” Ned asks. Peter, with a flashlight in his mouth and a screwdriver trying to get a few things loose. Trying to answer Ned’s question, he takes the light from his mouth, but continues turning the screw around.
! His know-it-all-comments surely were not calming her down.
“Yeah, the guy is my dad, alright…”
It’s probably better this way, rather than having to hear the insults they’ve prepared for him today.
“That’s complicated, actually. I could give you my parents notes on the spiders? My other dad created them after all.”
“Ah crap,” he mutters, looking down and feeling the strong urge to just skip the class in general.
“No, he’s a great man and a good father, I think… No, I know he is! I’m going to clean this mess up!”
"The right-wing conservatives think its a decision
“Don’t change the subject, Dad. We can plan that later.”
He knows what Steve is trying to do. He’s not against it, but he’s more… surprised. Carefully pulling Steve’s hand from his hip, he instead lifts his lover’s hand towards his mouth where he can kiss his fingers. Steve sighs against his chest.
Using the claws, Otto keeps the reaction in check.
“There’s someone here for you, please get out of bed,” he said dryly. What?! Who could that be? She rolled out of bed and wrestled herself out of her blankets. Then she stood up, stumbling a bit as she was struggling with the blankets. Yaël finally got out of her nest and stepped in front of Steve, rubbing her eyes. Steve stared at her, obviously focusing on her eyes. Yaël recognized that look and glanced down quickly. Yup, she was totally wearing nothing at all. Oops.
“It’s alright, they’re already coming out,” Wanda says happily. Vision, on the other hand, seems less relaxed about it. For a moment, Peter wonders if he knows something they don’t. He watches as the police keeps their guns raised up, waiting for the robbers to get out of the bank. He wonders if Wanda’s been using her telepathy to coax them out. Probably it’s something like that.
“How about you try to find out?” she says in a low voice. When he feels a hand suddenly reaching for the underside of his mask, he finds himself alarmed.
“Just, I need to help MJ. But… Before I go, I need you to know something. Something you need to pass along to May and Tony for me, alright?”
the kindest man on Earth. He’s an Angel, hidden in a human body. He would give up his own life if it would save another. He would constantly offer his help, even though he knows nothing on the subject.
Tony rolls his eyes, putting his bowl of popcorn aside and getting off his ass.
“So, are you a mutant, too?” Mr. Thompson casually asked while wiping off his hands on his pants. Wow, that question got dropped on her like a bomb. What could she say? Did she have to explain that she was an alien or would that make things go bad?
“Where you headed somewhere?” she continues, trying to shift the conversation.
Tony raises an eyebrow. Steve rolls his eyes.
“You doin’ alright, kid?” he asks. He’s got a better grasp at keeping their relation quiet with others around. Peter still has a lot to learn if he ever wants to be as good as him.
Natasha makes them go completely on foot. Since it’s December right now, it’s cold, at the verge of snowing. Despite it not being
Tony hesitates for a moment longer before he does an abrupt turn and storms away from medical. Once he’s outside he opens up the suit and he’s in the air before anybody can even call out his name. He flies all the way to where he knows Scott and Hope’s apartment is located. Landing on the balcony, he loudly knocks on the window.
There are a few occasions when Steve joins Peter on patrol. Peter would then just swing around, and Steve follows him with his bike. Sometimes there's nothing for them to do. Today they had the chance of stopping another burglary before they were joined by Johnny and Wade and they went out for ice cream. It was fun, some long-needed bonding time.
Peter wakes up feeling even more tired than when he went to sleep yesterday. Despite the fact that he went to bed at a reasonable hour, Peter feels like he only went to bed at four in the morning. He groans, stretches his limbs while still lying down, and then reaches out to stop his alarm clock.
, I’m bringing up those divorce papers, Tony, and I’m not kidding this time. I’ve had enough.”
And the Asgardians start losing it as they begin to applaud and scream, each and everyone of them happy that, finally, somebody seems to be worthy to possess the power of Thor.
“What name can I put on the appointment?” Lincoln asks.
“Oh, good! I was just going to ask you when you-“ Yaël started pushing them towards the door. She didn’t know Korg that well yet, but she had learned he talked a bit too much during the most impossible moments.
The hold on Peter’s neck loosens, and suddenly he’s falling – again. But Peter doesn’t scream. All he can do is close his eyes while letting out a long breath.
Trusting his spider-sense, Peter jumps forward in a roll, barely managing to escape another blow coming from the Goblin, who seems to have pried himself away from the battle just long enough to attempt and take Peter again.
Things are going down!
be what Tony’s been doing these past two months.
“FRI, what hour is my appointment?” Tony asks, still postponing on starting the car. He looks up at the blue sky, remembering when it was red and bleeding. But, it could also have been his imagination. How could nature adapt itself to war like that?
“Neither have you,” Rhodey reminds him. Tony lowers his gaze.
“You don’t have to do it so soon, I’m sure you have plans with Pepper,” Steve assures him.
Mary nears Peter first. She leans forward and kisses his forehead, making him squirm a bit in his sleep. For a moment, Tony fears that they woke him up, but when he sleeps on peacefully his heart stills a bit.
Embarrassment aside, Peter managed to get himself a date with Gwen. After that, he got to work a bit with Dr. Connors – they were both trying to finish the project Dr. Connors and his dad started. He had been so busy, that he forgot to pick up the phone and remember to pick up his aunt – since Uncle Ben didn’t like her walking around alone in the evening.
“The wound’s pretty fine,” he answers, gently rubbing the scar and pretending to wince. “It’s not long until I can go back to gym.”
“To make sure you two would bone,” Tony interjects in his usual way. Clint and Steve, who had been drinking from their cup at that time, suddenly spit out whatever they had in their mouth. Too bad for Sam and Bucky, who get everything in their faces.
“Falcon tumbled down,” Steve answered. Yaël looked back while wobbling behind her friend. Falcon was still fighting the Goblin. Then she checked on Peter again. He laid in the grass, coughing out some water.
“Stop joking around, Tony. What happened?” Steve asks, clearly unimpressed by his attempt to lighten things up. Tony just takes a deep breath, and his eyes drop onto his hands; they are scraped and bloody. He’s probably been punching the wall or something…
“Dad, you’re not an abuser. We’ve talked about this already, okay?” Tony shakes his head and turns around again. With his back facing the two of them. “Dad, please?”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Peter mutters, suddenly standing up and running towards the workshop. What he sees there is nothing but a mess. Tony must have thrown a small rampage here, probably in anger. Peter runs to his desk, searching for the flip-phone. “Where is it?” he mutters to himself. When he looks to the side, he finds it lying on the ground. Did Tony throw it there? Peter picks it up and flips the screen open.
“Right, as if,” he mutters out. Pepper shakes her head a bit sadly.
Anyway, after a short moment of being accused as a stalker and lots of talk about a certain McDreamy dying in that one show Aunt May loves to watch after a short greeting in pajamas, Peter and Yaël make their way out of her crappy small apartment. And Peter feels like he has the right to say that it’s crappy, because the paint is chipping off the walls and he’s sure there’s something smelling like a dead mouse somewhere behind the sink. He’s not sure if he should tell her, though.
Thor suddenly grins. “Right I do,” he says. Then he nods back at the papers. “Just read along. I’ll practice.”
Yaël wanted to counter him as he wasn’t in a relationship either, but he actually had a good reason for that, with the whole Gwen-incident.
“I’m glad to be back,” he returns. “But can we just- can we not talk about this anymore? I don’t really want to-“
When he opens his eyes, he realizes he’s not in his bedroom. The daylight infiltrates into the room in bright stripes, enough to illuminate the space for Peter to get a good look at it. He’s seen this room before, but only shortly. Somehow, he’s finding himself in Yaël’s house.
“Tony,” Steve whispers to him. Tony shakes his head.
Before that, he hands a glass to Bruce and his friend, Brunnhilde. The woman frowns when she sees the glass.
Felicia gives him a long look. Mantis, too, stares at him, though with a completely different expression.
“Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are dead, so… No, not really.” Steve could feel it coming, could read it in her face. She had known exactly what he had been doing this Saturday; training and catching up on some history at the library.
The next time Peter arrives at the workshop, Tony isn’t there.
Shit. He’s wearing the suit.
“But I was scared, so I stayed with what I knew. And Richard apologized for that fight, and then Peter happened, and then… I figured it was just for the better like this.”
“You know this doesn’t even come
“So, where are we going?” she asked him.
“You’re damn right I am,” Tony returns. “And I’m sure you understand that Peter will
“Just, get back up, then!” he returns. MJ groans in frustration. Peter ignores it, walking to the side and grabbing the mask again. Once it’s back over his head, he realizes he’s missed two calls from Johnny. He can’t call him back right now; Venom’s back on his feet.
“Guess so.”
“A lot can happen in an hour,” Peter mutters, rubbing his chin as he looks to the side for a moment. Then he decides it’s best to just walk out of the bathroom before anybody catches him talking to himself in here. FRIDAY usually stays quiet when there’s somebody else around Peter, so they don’t really know he talks a lot with her.
Peter yells in the background. There’s some shuffling noise, until Peter speaks up again. “
“Is this what passes for studying lately?” Tony suddenly asks jokingly as he walks in the living room holding an empty cup of coffee and his tablet. He’s smirking, though he still looks extremely tired.
“What’s going on, Steve?” Tony mutters out, rubbing his eyes while turning onto his back. Steve shifts, too, coming to lean on his elbow to sit up higher for a bit.
“She doesn’t allow it,” Peter answers. There’s a sigh coming from the other side of the line, and then some shuffling noises.
He turns towards U and Id-Jit, holding his thumb up.
After she asks him for all the news on his current situation, he brings her up to date, firstly by confirming that the test came in positive. Since she’s the person he’s going to ask for help for, he figures he should give her the whole story. With that, he doesn’t keep secret that his father is in fact Tony Stark himself.
Yeah, Tony’s not really one to take pictures like this, but on this instant, he wouldn’t mind the reminder of it.
“But… where would I place myself, then?” Peter asks, feeling a bit out of his debt here.
“Okay, give me the total piece and show me the suit.”
MJ gets back on her feet, wiping the pieces of earth from her pants. Then she turns back towards Peter.
That said, all the way in chapter 35 there's already things that will lead to Infinity War happening. Oh lord, where is this story going? I'm sorry beforehand, because the ideas Caspinn and I have are going to bring lots of feels.
But Steve just chuckles as he pours the coffee into Tony's mug. "You can't pull what you don't have."
And with that, Mrs. Cooper goes on with collecting everybody’s homework before coming to stand in front of the class again. Peter’s face feels entirely red, and he knows everybody’s attention is on him. As suspected, they’re laughing.
And it’s as if FRIDAY might have told him that the room has been filled with explosives, that’s how fast Tony’s out into the hallway. Entering medical he finds Steve holding on to May, who has her face hidden against his chest while Steve makes sure she’s not looking in the direction of Peter’s room. When the man notices Tony arriving, worry comes up on his own face even more than before.
“I’m sure you’re here for an important matter, Wade?” X asks patiently. Tony quickly rubs the tears away from his cheeks before sniffing his nose.
Auch! Damn, that must’ve hurt Tony a lot. “Why?”
“It’s a long way from ‘honey’, but at least it’s not ‘Rogers’ anymore. Can’t complain about that,” he shrugs. Tony passes his hand over his forehead. Peter shakes his head and hums to get their attention.
Peter shrugs at that. "We've never really tested it out, but I think I might be stronger than him. And a lot stronger than Tony, even though he has a bit of serum in him as well.” Peter winks. Tony grunts.
His mouth can’t stop talking, and he wishes somebody would just stop his words. Yaël looks a bit overwhelmed with that. Still, she just shrugs after it, obviously not wanting to make a big deal out of it.
“It’s alright, Peter.”
Despite her stress, Yaël somehow fell asleep. She only noticed it as she was suddenly locked up in the glass cage again when she opened her eyes. This time, it was raining outside, which sounded soothing.
“I destroyed all of my suits,” Tony explains, recalling the events of Christmas back in 2012. He hadn’t really been himself all that time, and he’d actually thought things would get better without the suits. Still, he was wrong.  “I promised her I was done, but then the scepter came, and then Ultron, and then, and then, and I just kept going.”
Steve stands still, bumping up against one of the guards that didn’t expect him to stop.
seem a bit interested. Peter shakes his head again.
“Too sciency for me?” Rhodey jokes. Tony shrugs.
Behind Otto stands his wife, looking at him with pride in her eyes. Even Tony can see that they love each other very much, and almost out of reflex he leans to the side until he’s leaning against Steve, who in turn silently grabs his hand again.
“Will you please then also understand that I love you despite our different views?” Tony continues. Now that he’s calmer, he feels ready to finish this conversation. “Sure, it sucks. It’s going to suck for a little while. But I want you by my side. Only you.”
Peter tilts his head to the side a little bit when Storm walks up to the front and shakes the king’s hand. After that, they kiss each other on the cheek as a greeting. Tony turns back to Natasha and says something to her. After that, he heads back towards where Peter is sitting.
? Don’t even try to shit us here, Parker.” Michelle says, loud enough for the guy behind them to hear. Unfortunately, that person turns out to be nobody other than Flash, who seems more than happy to push Peter’s face against the table for no reason other than to be annoying.
“Trying to hack in,” Tony explains without opening his eyes.
“Seriously?”
Man, it’s nice to see the birds fly. But, wait…
“Noooooooooooh!” he complains. Quickly, Steve crawls towards him, leaning on his back and travelling his finger over his skin.
He turned towards his brother, Loki giving him a questioning look.
She saw the teenager stare at her hair while mumbling something to Wade about bringing his own pizza so he’d have something to eat if Wade started to probe him.
“May, I’m-“ Peter starts, but he doesn’t know what he can say. Does he need to apologize here? Should he explain what happened? Should he-?
Loki’s smirk grew into a wide grin. “Don’t call it an affair, dear. We always had so much more than that, yet so much less than a relationship, too.Maybe you should trust me on this.”
“I mean, it’s not like they’re sad about it or anything,” Peter continues, starting up the next blow. “But yesterday when an old woman handed me money and I went to bring it to the homeless again, MJ was there and we talked.”
Did Johnny actually kiss him? And did Peter seriously kiss him back? What the hell? Peter groans and rolls around until his head is hidden in his pillow. This exactly is something the two of them
“Buzz off, cuddlebear,” Tony returns. Steve raises his hand to his face, awkwardly rubbing his nose. Once Rhodey’s back in his seat, the engineer continues. “Listen, Steve. We’re not bringing the kid-thing up
So Tony quickly adds the ‘healing’ to the list before drawing a line underneath it and starting up the next list. “Now what do I want the new thing to be?”
Then he drops down on top of Tony, breathless, unable to move any more. Tony feels empty, wasted. There’s no possible way for him to get away from this spot for probably the next few hours. But he still tries. With a lot of effort, he gently pushes Steve away from him, rolling him over until he’s on his back as well, putting his hand on his chest. Looking over at the ceiling, watching the fan turn in its regular cycle, realization hits him.
There’s a silence from Steve, who blinks a few times, opens up his mouth, but closes it again time after time. He even lets a few balls bump up against his head, not reacting to it.
He doesn’t want to fight Steve. It feels all kinds of wrong, thinking that Tony would be ready to just face him like that, as if the past few months they’ve been spending together don’t mean anything anymore. Hadn’t they been happy? Do these accords really matter enough that they would give
there’s no way for anybody to kill her except if you’re the Winter Soldier – and even he has failed at it so far.
Peter isn’t even crying. The shock and the panic is too strong for that right now. All he can do is gently tap Tony’s face, regularly checking for his pulse. It’s slow, but it’s there.
“Peter, I understand that the subject concerning Mrs. Stacey is a sensitive one for you, but that doesn’t give you the right to start throwing punches,” Mr. Morita then starts. Mr. Stark stays awfully quiet next to Peter. “We always have somebody who would be willing to talk with you about these past happenings.”
But, the idea that they bought a new couch just because they kind of scarred him a few hours earlier, and even had it freaking delivered to the penthouse before Peter even got home… It’s crazy, and it reminds him that, even though they don’t always
Yaël nodded to Charles. “Okay…Let’s go.”
“Wilson,” Logan grunted, he turned around again and started walking away.
It's a bit of a slow, calm chapter. Mostly putting a close to the accords. There's no chapter warnings in this one ^^
Somehow, it looked welcoming to Yaël, with the curtains, the old, wooden door and the shutters. The girl kept staring at the little house, because she knew what was coming. And yes, after a few second, she saw him walking around behind the window next to the door. He was too far away to show any features, but somehow, Yaël knew it was a man. She wasn’t able to walk to the house to sneak in and check what he looked like, because she was stuck in some sort of glass cage, like always in this weird dream.
“In ours! Because I beat you up just as much as you did me! And yeah, it sucks, but we’re not just ordinary people, aren’t we?!”
“Yet he did?” Ross asks, with an eyebrow raised. Tony passes a look at the other people at the table.
Their smiles disappear after that. They give the kid a long stare before Steve opens his mouth again at last.
Yaël saw Brunnhilde’s eyes grow big as she crawled back up again, like she just remembered something. But Yaël could only do what was expected from her: distract the bitch in front of her now that she had her full attention.
But when the raisin looked back at her, he was grinning widely. “Look, girlie, you don’t know me either and for the love of dwarves eating Chinese food, I would never harm that kid! Now, you wanna go on an adventure?” The cab stopped.
“H-hey, don’t pull me into this argument! I’m the neutral party, here,” he protests. Tony then rolls his eyes and takes back off his vest, throwing it onto the counter before taking place on the couch again.
“You made it cliché the moment you went down on one knee,” he whispers against his lips. Then he pulls back, taking the silver-colored ring from Tony’s finger to put it on. Of course, it fits perfectly. It would have been awkward if it didn’t, since it’s almost impossible to resize it
“FRI, will you warn Steve and Tony if I unknowingly try to kill Peter in his sleep?” Harry tries the moment he’s changed. Peter looks up in alarm. Does Harry remember? Peter never told him about it all?
“Right, because in your world you
Seeing the boy disappear in the building, Tony takes a deep breath and asks Happy to start driving again. What he needs right now is a good talk with Rhodey, or
He wants to speak, but his throat is hoarse and hurts when he tries. Instead, he tries to swallow and shakes his head.
Which she was.
“No, I already oiled your gears one hour ago. I’m not going to do it again!” Peter tells him, gently pushing the bot away. The doors of the workshop suddenly open, and Pepper walks inside, looking down at her tablet.
“C’mon baby boy, open those eyes, huh? Give me something.” It took Yaël a moment to realize it was Tony Stark, rocking Peter’s body. The father’s tears dripped on the son’s pale cheeks as Stark caressed through the boy’s hair.
don’t know about my Dad! It’s supposed to stay this way! What am I going to tell her now, huh? That he’s still my mentor? After I told everybody I quit the internship?”
Barnes gives him a frown before accepting the handshake Peter is offering. “I’m sorry, I don’t remember you?”
Steve then pales a bit before nodding.
“The fact that
“Alright, shoot, what’s the question? If you’ve got Steve flustered like this, it must be something good,” Tony urges them on, sounding a bit excited. The grin on his lips is huge before it disappears behind the cup of coffee.
But Peter can’t focus on the movie at all. All he can think about is Berlin, and what must be happening there. FRIDAY has been trying to keep him up to date, but nothing of what she tells him is giving him any confidence in what is happening.
“The Avengers are falling apart, Yaël. They’re taking away our freedom, trying to make us a governmental pawn,” even though he always had a calm-looking appearance, Yaël could feel his frustration radiate.
Steve smiles and shakes his head. After everybody has gotten their weapons, Tony leans towards the table where he starts writing a few things down. Peter, Harry and Wanda hold up their hands, giving each other a high-five. Even if they're not going to win this, they'll still have fun at least.
“Shit!” he calls out, shooting a web to keep himself from getting all the way to the ground. Then he starts swinging. A quick look up and he can see a bunch of clouds surrounding the tower. Peter recognizes that from somewhere… Like… when Thanos used to travel from one place to the other using the tesseract.
Aye, I missed my own deadline. I guess I've been trying to take too much on my plate and I kinda broke down when it came to writing. But after this chapter, there's only two more to go!
His mind does the whole greet-up much like JARVIS used to do back in Malibu.
“You don’t need revealing dresses to look pretty, Yaël.” He had a point there, didn’t he? Or was he complimenting her? He was! He meant that she didn’t have to look like a prostitute to be attractive, right?
His phone rings. It’s Happy, asking if he should bring the kid back to the airport. Tony tells him that, yes, he should be getting home. He should never have been involved in this; he received some serious hits and seemed to limp a bit when he tried to walk. And the worst part is that Steve even
There’s a small city blooming up. It looks nice, though not at all how Peter would have expected Asgard to be like back on their realm. Bruce, too, seems surprised.
Peter listens.
“Actually, uh… Gwen… she died,” Peter admits sadly. Harry drops his pizza and his mouth, suddenly sitting up straight in the couch and looking at Peter with gigantic blue eyes.
“But… you are a kid?” Ned offers.
It’s just a knock… he can most definitely do this! In his attempt to find any reassurance from FRIDAY, all he finds is static. She wasn’t yet around back in this time. And any search for internet brings him horrible results so he’s not even going to try again with that.
“Detention? But I can’t! I have my internship!” She can’t do this; after his fiasco last Saturday at the tower, he fears he’s already in enough trouble as it is. He can’t risk getting on everybody’s bad side even more! Before long, they’ll see him as a joke!
“Yeah, I’m fine Mr. Stark,” Peter says. He smiles, but it’s not visible through the mask. Tony then goes to shake Susan’s and Reed’s hand.
That relief quickly changes into guilt at the realization that everything’s pretty much to shit because of him.
- mood swings
“You couldn’t wait a few minutes longer?! I know you’re worried but damn, Steve, if they catch us now you can forget about getting to New York!”
Awaiting them in front of the school – while still nervously holding the Iron Man case – is Happy, former bodyguard of Tony Stark who has now taken back up the role for some reason even Tony can’t really explain. Tony greets his friend with a short greeting, and then hurries into the back of the car. Happy just puts the case back into the trunk.
Between school and his work at FEAST, Miles hasn’t got much time for anything else. When his Uncle’s trip leads to him getting bitten by a special spider, his life is about to change in the craziest way. Meanwhile, Peter faces another enemy from his past. One he never hoped to see again. But before he realizes what's happening he's taken by surprise. Trapped in an alternate frequency, mind outside of his body, the entire world seems to think that he’s dead. They mourn, and they carry on – except for Tony, who is sure that something isn’t right about this all, much to the Avengers' dismay.
of the fact that he’d becoming over-protective. No-one should blame him after what happened during the war, after all. Peter is a reckless boy, ready to give his life to save the others. He knows the kid got that from him, since Tony never really valued his life as much worth in comparison to others.
As soon as the beeping stopped and she heard a soft crack from someone picking up the phone, Yaël started speaking because she knew X didn’t always have the habit of starting to speak as he picked up.
chapter warnings:
that ache in his scar – he clearly
Tony can’t sleep. His painkiller doesn’t seem to be working, and there are too many ideas going through his head. The only thing he wishes he could do is mess around some more in the workshop, continue on his project. But Steve left his stupid crutches behind, and Tony can’t stand on his stupid leg.
“What the…?”
“Just see it as us being even now,” Steve then says. Tony’s head turns back to him all of the sudden, eyes worried.
“Who’s this for?” Peter then asks. Mr. Stark doesn’t respond, instead putting his screwdriver in his mouth and bending down to pick up something from the ground. “What do you want me to do with this?”
“Are you okay? Peter said he would keep me up to date but I haven’t heard from him…” Not that Steve blames him. He probably disappointed the kid real big. He’s aware that both Bucky and Sam are listening in to his part of the conversation, so he’s taking comfort in the fact that they can’t hear Tony talking.
Peter smiles.
“Don’t worry, we can contact the team and-“
After having chosen his outfit, he hurries to the bathroom to start up the shower. He’s not particularly sweaty or anything, but he would like being a bit fresh for the occasion. Besides, his hair is a real mess after MJ spent the evening making small braids into them and Peter spent the whole morning undoing them.
suddenly sounds from next to him, and that manages to distract Peter immediately. Before he knows it, the Goblin’s glider moves forward once more, hurrying towards him and hitting him with such a force that his breath is taken out of his lungs immediately. Before he can really think anything, he drops into the ice-cold water with the Goblin’s full weight upon him.
“Yes?” Peter asks. “But I got used to it, eventually.”
Tony sighs sadly, seeing the kid wrapping his little hands around Tony’s finger. At that moment, Steve decides to come back with his sketchbook in his hand. The moment he sees Tony standing there, holding a baby in his hands, he stands still, blinking a few times in surprise.
He wants to tell him that he can’t, that there’s something in the way, but when he feels again, he finds that whatever has been in his throat is now gone. He coughs some more, letting everything out that has been piling inside.
That’s Natasha.
Movies don’t always manage to show the fear the heroes feel whenever a love-interest is lost. They make it look like it’s a short pain, and then they do a fast forward to show that the hero eventually is fine. But life’s not like that. It took Peter months, more than a year to finally feel a little bit more like himself after Gwen’s death. Is he over it? Hell no, that’s not really going to be soon, either. But it’s manageable.
always be cleaned up.” Ben gets off from his seat and starts pacing into the room.
Does that mean that Steve is there, too? Have they been meeting each other in secret this whole time?
She took a step away from the window. No, wait, she shouldn’t leave the window, it was her safe-space. After another step, and another one, and yet another one, she was already standing in front of her closet. Maybe there was a way to let X know she needed help, so she tried to mentally contact him, which didn’t work of course, since she wasn’t the telepath here. Her hand reached for the bottle. No, this was so wrong. Yaël quickly put it back down again.
“I WILL JUST DO AS I PLEASE YOU ASSHOLE!”
Tony thanks his photographic memory for knowing his way around in this place. After just one short tour from a guy called Everett Ross – no relation – he’s mostly just been left to do his business, which Tony is still unclear of what that exactly is supposed to be, as he’s waiting for his phone call he’s sure he’s about to get.
“Peter, your
like it.”
“What are you-?” Tony finds himself asking, but he can’t find it in himself to finish that sentence.
“How do you know where I am, Stark?”
“He knows,” she says. And then Peter starts sobbing. Not in sadness, but rather out of joy. Because,
“Remember the Stark Expo back in Queens? Six years ago? Ben and I took you after you kept on begging us to take you for an entire month. It cost us quite a lot of money, too.”
“Oh, so you’re one of those smart guys then? Pretty hot for a nerd, though,” she jokes. At least, Peter thinks she’s joking. He laughs it off, trying not to get too much into that flirting tone. “So what’s your deal, you got a girlfriend walking around here?”
“But we let him go again. And we couldn’t stop him from killing all those HYDRA-agents,” Steve counters. “Sure, they weren’t innocent, but that doesn’t mean they deserved to be blown up like that.”
“Okay, perfect! So where’s my phone now?”
“That ice-cream probably looks like a cold soup right now,” Peter said as he walked to the living room.
“C’mon, stop acting as if I’m going away forever! I’ll be there every two weekends!” Peter counters.
“What is it even?” Natasha asks, though there’s still an obvious worry on her face.
“No! You’re not going to steal my ch-chick!” Jeremy blabbered loud enough for everyone to hear.
Tony nods, trying to sit up a bit. “There’s, uh, the emergency lever to manually override the suit. I can’t…”
“Do I need to call the fire-department?” he asks, probably wondering if anybody did it before him. Just as Peter is about to say ‘yes’, Johnny jumps in.
“Hah! You should have seen your face!” the guy shouts out in full amusement, hands resting on his stomach as he leans back in his chair and throws his head back in his shoulder. “No no no, I was kidding, I just need the bill, and then I want to hire you as my personal pizza-delivery boy.” That last one is said with wiggling eyebrows, and Peter knows full enough when he’s flirted with and when not, and this, right now, is the guy full on suggesting things.
And Peter nods. He’s never against meeting new people Tony considers family.
He needed the stone, he found out she was carrying it, so he made her believe her gave a crap about her just so she’d follow him. And the reason why he started fighting as they were going to put the switch in her head, was probably because he didn’t want to take the risk that her powers would be weakened by it, or something like that.
“I’m… I’ll get some coffee. You want anything, Tony?” she asks. Tony shakes his head, and after a nod from the woman she follows Steve out. She seems close to losing it, which Tony can’t blame her for.
This is the room where Mr. Stark keeps all of his armors.
“Then what’s with the sneaky outfit? Not so sneaky, by the way.”
The man held the rounded door open for her. The light coming from the house looked inviting. Yaël’s mouth fell open as she walked in. The interior looked cozy and warm. There were plaids and rugs everywhere. An open fire warmed up the room and, together with a few candles, lighted it. There were no signs of electricity or modern devices of any kind. The bed was placed behind a big sort of curtain which served as a door and stood open a bit so Yaël could see it.
Peter looks to his side, seeing the black suit lying on the ground. He frowns, moving to the side of the bed and reaching out for it. Once his fingers grab a hold of it, he blinks a few times in confusion. Could it have anything to do with this? Is it possible?
“But, Dad, I’m ready for more than that now!” Peter complains. Because it’s true; he can do so much more. Especially now with the suit! Give him another Electro, or Lizard! He can take them all down!
“Oh, do I?” Nilla’s brown eyes grew big of joy. “And what exactly is it that I supposedly know more about?”
Peter doesn’t respond. MJ puts her free hand on Peter’s cheek, then.
?! All you do is follow me, flirt with me and get too touchy!”
“I didn’t ask to bring my trumpet along?” Peter wonders out loud. Tony just shrugs at that.
“I have a date tomorrow,” he explains. Peter then shrugs.
“No way, you’ll cheat!” James counters. Natasha just rolls her eyes.
Peter, who is holding his phone in his hands, and watching a video of himself in women’s clothes, dancing to Rihanna’s Umbrella with an actual umbrella in his hands. The video shared by Flash, with the only text written with it ‘Penis Parker shows his true self’.
“Until now, the spider-venom merged with your DNA which gave you your powers,” he explains. “Now we’ve looked at the blood, and we’ve noticed that the venom is starting to attack your cells. Now we’re not sure if that’s what was going to happen either way, or if something is preventing your DNA from accepting the venom like before.”
“Dude, aren’t you supposed to get your flirt of the day right now?” Peter tries. Johnny blinks in confusion before looking around. That arm around Peter’s neck never really disappears. Johnny hiccups before being pushed forward, even closer to Peter.
“I, uh,” Steve starts, stammering out his words. “Likewise,” he finishes. Tony just snorts. He pecks him one last time, but eventually pulls back completely to focus back on the road. Traffic is starting to move forward again, so he prepares himself to accelerate.
“Fine, whatever, just keep her busy.”
“You could have woken me,” Yaël took a good gulp from her coffee as she took a second to think about Peter’s random appearance.  “You have your interview, no?” she asked him, he had told her about that before the attack of that green Goblin-guy started.
No, of course Yaël hadn’t heard, and who would’ve thought about calling to tell her that, right? Damn, she shouldn’t be so annoyed by that, Peter obviously had other things to think about rather than calling her. The poor kid was probably in pain, and here was Yaël, who was supposed to be his friend, feeling al sour about it.
“Okay, what happened?”Yaël made clear that she wasn’t buying his crappy lie.
“You keep on surprising me,” Tony admits. “Never stop doing that, please.”
“I know you don’t like getting objectified, so why are you wearing it?” The motorcycle turned on with a hum and Steve steered the vehicle to leave the parking lot it was standing on.
And in the background, Peter can hear Flash riling everybody up with his usual
“Hmmm-Tony-I want-“
FRIDAY returns. Then there’s a moment of silence. “
“You don’t
“Nothing’s going on,” Tony returns. “Peter’s coming home this evening.”
FRIDAY suddenly asks, interrupting the calm silence he had been enjoying. Peter shakes his head.
“Good boy,” Tony mutters. “Now let’s find out what Mr. Model wants from us, shall we?”
Peter nods and does as he’s told, before lying back down on the bed. There’s a wound on his back, but also one on his stomach. The last one is a result of the immediate surgery he needed when they had to stitch up his spleen. It’s a small price to pay for not bleeding to death.
Tony stays silent for a bit. Peter then does his part and puts a hand on his chest before bowing down.
“What’s that?” Vision pointed at her shoulder.
“Spider-Man, obviously. Because Spider-Man was the one to find out that Peter Parker is the reason why MJ broke up with Harry,” Peter groans in frustration, his hits suddenly getting stronger. Natasha has to focus hard to avoid them all.
“The same time as I am,” Peter says. “So there’ll be the party tomorrow evening, and the day afterwards we’re going.”
So Tony simply keeps quiet, nodding towards Peter’s house and forcing up a fake but hopefully convincing smile.
At lunch, their break lasts an hour. Somebody brings in sandwiches, and most of them head outside to get a bit of fresh air. Peter just goes and sit with his friends for a bit. Nobody says anything when Johnny sits with them, pretending like he’s been part of the group since the beginning. Nobody minds, either. Wade even seems to like the sudden addition.
Tony sighs.
May says, sounding sad as well. “
, okay?” Tony adds.
When Loki noticed that Yaël was mentally searching for answers and trying to get the pieces together, he told her. “I always end up with you. Even though your wounds don’t flatter you, I don’t mind and I would probably mind if you were someone else. Even though I haven’t seen you in person for a long time, as soon as I saw you again, I was by your side again. It seems that I can’t stay away from you.”
Peter stays silent. He can’t help but feel so extremely guilty over it. Quietly, he looks back up at Mantis, who seems to understand completely what’s going on. Peter scrapes his throat.
“I mean, if you don’t want to, I’d understand. It’s something you wanted to do with her and maybe this is all just a reminder of what you’ve lost, and maybe this was just a stupid idea and forget about it let’s just go back to-“
“I’ve found the journals,” Tony explains. “I’m not sure what Mary’s journals can explain, but Richard’s are notes on everything about the spiders.”
“Yes, I’m fine, m’am,” Peter responds nervously. “I’ve just… last time they tried to bring up the accords, things didn’t exactly go according to plan.”
Tony turns around at last, and the camera turns to show Steve on the other side of the room finishing up a cookie. The three men sigh and slap their forehead.
“I don’t- I don’t hit girls,” Flash gets out. At least there
“Right, I’ll get Shuri and we’ll go to the floor you’ve given us,” T’Challa says kindly, offering a hand to Tony to shake it. “I must thank you again for your hospitality. Tomorrow we’ll continue our business, alright?”
look. Steve nods, wondering what could be so important.
“I got bit by a radioactive spider back at Oscorp,” Peter repeats. Bruce nods, though it’s clear he’s still not completely following.
But the girl – Yaël – just ignores him, instead getting up to get her own box. When she sits down on the couch, she gestures for Peter to follow her, which he does with his own dinner with him.
“Yaël!” Steve and Peter say at the same time, both with cheeks slightly colored red. Then Yaël closes her mouth, realizing where she was going with that line. Lowering her head, she holds up her hands again.
Tony huffs out a breath, disbelieving of what May is trying to tell him. “As if. I haven’t spoken to him in 2 weeks because he was angry at me and didn’t want to talk to me.” Tony looks back down at his boy, continuing his strokes through Peter’s hair and happy to see his peaceful face as he sleeps.
“I do feel a bit better,” Peter admits with a faint smile, leaning into her touch. “Even better now that we get to spend some time together.”
Peter’s cheeks redden again, and Yaël, too, seems to shuffle uncomfortably next to him. Yeah, that’s still going to be a bit of an issue…
Mary makes a soft sound when she finds what they’re looking for. Pulling out the blood samples, she checks them over. They’re in vials with a red cap on it. After reading through the details written upon it she closes the fridge and puts the holder of the vials down on the table.
“Wait, that Panther-dude from back I Germany?” Peter asks. When the three nod, he whistles. “Wow, that’s so cool.”
While some people go ice skating, or get to a fancy dinner or a dancing, MJ and Peter just feed the homeless, with the odd few protesting on the side whenever the occasion arises.
“Is Mr. Stark in the tower today?”
He’s not too surprised to see Eddie’s face right before receiving a strong blow on the head. As Peter’s thrown to the other building, he can feel his neck twist the wrong way. An instant feeling of nausea passes over him, and he has to pull off his mask to empty his stomach. Coughing, he finds himself angry at himself. The answer had been right in front of him, but he had been basing himself too much on movie tropes that he didn’t think about the obvious possibility.
Peter hums. He can get that way of thinking, but the people leaving him don’t always have a choice. His parents, Uncle Ben, Gwen… Sure, he’s far from alone now, but with Harry leaving, Ned heading off to MIT and studying really hard for it, and now all the other Avengers… The fact that he can’t spend one evening with his father without the two of them shouting at each other doesn’t help.
Tony doesn’t answer, instead starting up the lights in the room as he tries to look around.
Oh what he would do right now to get out of the suit. As if it isn’t bad enough that everything’s spandex these days, he’s also still soaking wet and hurting all over. His wounds from the last explosion have barely healed, themselves. Maybe he needs to be looked at by Dr. Cho once more?
Or she pretends to do so, at least.
But the Merc with a mouth kept feeding her drinks. Of course, Yaël could’ve stopped drinking at some point, but she simply didn’t. Was it out of frustration or something? Even she didn’t know, instead just keeping on drinking with zero fucks to give.
Just to make it clear:
He mumbled something that sounded like: “If I have to…”
But suddenly, Steve stops, face full of surprise as he presses his com link closer to his ear. Tony can’t hear anything anymore, every communication device he has is fried.
“But I think you’ll be capable to carry the truth. So, I want you to contact me whenever you see things you don’t understand and we’ll figure these out together,” Professor X continued.Yaël wanted to snort; the only thing that was traumatizing her was thisfugly apartment these two men had put her in. She guessed that the lack of luxury or money was also a punishment for whatever she had done before.
“Peg?” Tony calls out again, gently shaking her shoulder until she looks up, blinking a few times.
Tony holds up his thumb again, and after that the hosts head back out once more. After that, the team works on them for a few minutes more before they’re released from the chairs. They’re guided away by the wardrobe-team. Tony can’t help but snort the moment he sees his uniform. He hasn’t tried it on, yet, and he knows he’s going to look extremely ridiculous, but… it’s worth it.
Oh, if only he could fly right now!
“What worked?” Clint asks as he walks back inside. “Hey asshole, that was really not a cool thing to do. What were you thinking?”
“Uh, who’s your buyer?” he asks.
. We’ve had enough shit because of it.”
Her friend was exaggerating her looks a bit, but he meant well. Of course, she wasn’t ugly, her self-esteem wasn’t that low, besides, she was used to the attention of men. Well, mostly drunk men, but sometimes it annoyed her too. Like people weren’t always able to look passed her body and figure out her mind. She wasn’t an ‘easy’ woman, she had a lot of emotions with which she didn’t always knew how to act on them correctly. Though, she knew that most of the time, in the clothes she was wearing usually and the effort she didn’t put in her make-up at all, she looked like a hobo and she didn’t mind that at all.
He shouldn’t be dead, lifeless, cold. Eyes empty. He can’t be.
“I just-“ Tony suddenly starts before stopping himself. Then, the engineer takes a deep breath, shuffles forward a bit in his seat and puts his hands on the table. “I know we have a lot of things to discuss, but I need us to put that on hold for a little while, okay?”
Yaël discovered that day, while teaching classes, that, though she enjoyed pampering herself with sweets, she also missed the big festival. Not that she wanted a party or anything, she just missed that Helvegian habit. She hadn’t seen it in at least an era as, being banished, she wasn’t allowed to go and celebrate with the others.
They let go of each other at last. Tony is the first one to enter, quickly followed by Steve. Once inside, they find Peter standing next to his bed, already wearing the large gown Thor provided for him. He looks like he just came walking out of a Lord of the Rings-movie, but with unusual colors. While his cape is the same color as Steve’s, and he’s wearing a red tunic with long blue sleeves underneath. His pants, too, are blue. The dark red boots have subtle spider-web drawings on them.
Yeah, despite the heavy toll the war against Thanos has had on the whole gang, it seems like they’re more alive than ever now. Peter smiles as he sits in the common room of the Compound. Scott and Clint are racing each other on Mario Karts, while Bucky and Sam are cheering on for them on the couch next to them. Natasha has found a comfort in baking pies and cakes, which is where she suddenly spends all of her time in. She even offered to make Peter some stuff for the little party, and while Peter has assured her that she doesn’t have to do it, she’s still busying herself in the kitchen with Vision helping her out. Hilde, Hope and Wanda are playing cards, while Bruce is watching and offering his ideas to the group.
Steve gets a weird request from Tony. He’s got a mission now, even when he’s stuck behind bars.
“Oh no,” Tony mutters. He doesn’t feel ready to face her. She must have been thinking that he was doing good at last. But she couldn’t know. Nobody could have; Tony’s just too good at keeping it to himself. Nobody knows he’s been falling apart on the inside, because he figured he would snap out of it eventually. Clearly, that’s not the case.
By the time he gets home again, he’s glad to say that all he’s got was a warning. At least it’s better than being fired, right? His arms are tired and once the door is closed behind him he leans back against it, probably able to fall asleep on the spot. But then his eyes drop back on the boxes full of books. Right, he had left them in the hallway.
Tony leans against he wall as he listens. Peter keeps on talking.
“Holy- I look like shit!”
“No thanks to me?” Peter asks, voice shaking. “Those weapons were out there, and I tried to tell you about it but you didn’t listen! None of this would’ve happened if you had just listened to me!”
“Wait…this should work, I hope… ” he said as he pressed buttons on the small machine. Then he turned the screen towards Yaël. “Look.”
"What the heck was that?"
“I haven’t spoken to Peter for the past two weeks,” he suddenly says. Natasha’s eyes open up wide in surprise at the sudden revelation.
“Wha-? How couldn’t I, though?”
Have we come to the bitter end?
When Peter Parker was a kid, he didn’t have many friends. People would think he was weird, or laugh at him because of his glasses and his braces. Others would call him a freak for how much smarter he was than the others. But even when it was offered to him to skip a few grades and be placed a few classes higher, he didn’t want to. Because people already didn’t like him, and he didn’t want the older kids to find him strange, too.
“But-“
“The situation didn’t-“
Yaël heard something to her right and saw… another man. Great. He looked like a professor that needed a big coffee. He had a stubble, like he hadn’t shaved in a few days. His brown eyes looked tired and his hair was turning grey.
“Easy enough, I just lift it up right under my nose,” he says showing to her how he pulls up the mask slightly. MJ lets out a laugh at the funny sight of it. Peter sticks out his tongue, pressing the bowl against his lips to shield away the lower side of his face. MJ is perceptive enough after all.
the AI returns.
“Wait, is that… Stark?!”
“Wait, what?” Peter asks out loud. Wanda pulls him inside her room then, closing the door behind them and pressing him against the wall with her hand on his mouth. She’s signing for him to keep quiet as sudden footsteps come up from behind the door. Huh, so she knew somebody was coming?
“I know I’m asking a lot, but I need you to help me exchange the vials of blood, if they haven’t already been used. Otherwise we have the rest of the night to find a way to add our DNA to those spiders.”
It’s not the only occasion this happens. There are moment with Tony where Pepper’s just about ready to smash her face against the wall. When they’re lying in bed, Pepper about ready to have some fun but only to find out Tony needs to finish some more projects for the Avengers, or more specifically; Steve.
They’re both quiet, so Peter takes that as an indication that he can continue.
All these people, having their
Wow, freaky… Suddenly, Yaël was standing in some kind of training hall, like a gymnasium. She looked around and saw all kinds of practice-weapons hanging on a wall. But she also saw basketball-rings, hanging on two opposite sides of the room. The floor was made of this typical rubber flooring. As Yaël was looking at the floor, she noticed she was suddenly wearing tight sports-clothing. It looked expensive.
And it’s not like the choice is immediate, but whichever internship he’ll chose will give him possible advantages, so it seems. But, once again, choosing wrong now can only give him the best answer on what his definitive choice will have to be once he graduates high school.
,” Vision states, still grinning widely and, in just a millisecond he aims again, shooting another accurate shot to Yaël’s chest. The girl grunts and groans in frustration.
“Sam? Clint?” he asks in a loud shock. The two men smirk at him.
Loki looked down at Yaël, who was staring at the spot she had just stomped him, chocked.
“You sure? Asgardian food is really good, you know?”
Dr. Palmer nods and then stands up.
“Well, at least he’s not grabbing your ass,” Tony mutters out. He’s known Wade do it to many people. He even dared to touch Natasha’s, which didn’t really end up well for him as she snapped his neck without a single hesitation.
Karen says in his ear. Peter can’t even respond to stop the command. Meanwhile, Strange walks down to where Bruce is now standing, giving him a once-over. Peter hums, and makes other loud noises if his mouth can’t be opened, but Strange doesn’t let go.
“He left about an hour ago, I sent him to bed. He stayed up the entire night again, switching in looking after you and helping out Bruce. Natasha’s asleep on the couch. James is with Tony.”
Peter saw it all happen in a distance. He saw the police arrive, along with the CIA, SHIELD, and Vision. The latter only came to help Peter, probably on Tony’s wishes. It’s not his fault he only arrived when it was already over.
“If there is anything I know about Tony Stark, it’s that he won’t allow himself to die so easily,” T’Challa tries to assure him. Then he nods at Steve once again shortly before clearing his throat. “Now I have to leave the country for a few days, I’ll be in France to discuss the accords with a few people there. I trust you respect my word and stay put, Steven?”
Peter adds hastily in between Tony’s words. Now, Tony, who is not used to being interrupted like that while giving a compliment, frowns immediately.
“Yes, it is,” she answered him stubbornly.
“Ho-“ Tony starts to say, but his throat once again protests. Then he swallows once more and tries again. “How did you get in?” he whispers. He sees Cap shrug next to him.
“Thanks, but I had that covered,” she then says.
A blaring alarm interrupts her as she speaks. Peter and May put their hands on their ears, startling when all of the sudden the door flies open. Storming inside are Tony, followed by Natasha and Rhodey.
Partying is fun. Especially without the ability to drink any alcohol. It’s amazing to have all these drunk people around you, making out and rubbing against each other on stupid music he doesn’t even like. A few drunk girls even came hanging to his arm, begging for his attention. It was easy enough to chase them off with the ‘I’m taken’-excuse.
“C’mon Peter, then at least be my wingman?”
And much like he’d expect it, the guy lets out a painful grunt, probably having broken at least a few bones. But Peter’s not done with him. When he pulls out a gun and points it towards him, Peter just snatches it out of his hands, barely missing the shot. Then he throws in a punch. And another one. He goes on and on, leaving the guy’s face bloody and bruised, probably having lost a few teeth. The guy doesn’t fight him again.
“Heh?!”
“You’re welcome!” Happy returns. Peter smiles. Thinking back of how much Happy never really used to speak to him a few weeks back, it now seems like they’ve really grown on each other. It’s good, he’s glad.
Peter then nods and gets ready to leave the building. He wonders if the Avengers managed to take down the Goblin. It’s probably been an hour, and if they haven’t stopped him by now, quite the damage must have been made already.
“C’mon, man, I was going to win!” he complains. Tony just snorts and collects the cards.
“Please put some clothes on.” Steve turned around and walked out of the room.
“I figured we weren’t really… we don’t want the world to find out that we’re-“
As for Felicia… well, nobody really knows where she is. According to her classmates, she hasn’t been at school since the whole deal with Venom. Peter’s not sure what exactly happened, but since there have still been reports of the Black Cat wandering the streets, he figures she hasn’t completely disappeared from the world.
“Yeah, we still need to talk about that,” Steve starts.
Throwing his legs over the side of the couch, Peter takes the remote in his hands and changes back to what seems like a stupid movie. He doesn’t care, as long as it’s not the news. He can hear his phone vibrating in his room, but he doesn’t bother to get up. Instead, he grabs a bit of popcorn out of Johnny’s bowl.
At the end of that hour, Peter automatically goes to the back of the parking where Happy’s car is currently waiting for him. He doesn’t pay attention to Flash or any of the others that are watching him, and just gets inside. When he gets to the compound, there’s still no answer.
FRIDAY tells him. Tony nods, walking through his workshop and quickly checking if everything is still alright here. Then he moves out, takes the elevator up, and walks straight into the living room. So Peter’s on the couch, Tony isn’t going to wake him just yet. There’s a talk they’re going to have here, and Tony knows it’s not going to be a pleasant one. Too much crap has happened – so much that even Tony can’t really think much about it.
As for Peter… Tony is
Peter looks up, blinking in surprise. The thought hadn’t even occurred him that he could wait with this. Then again, he’s not for nothing Tony Stark’s son; they’re both very curious people by nature, and wanting to get to the bottom of things is just… what they do;
“Why not?” Tony asks angrily, feeling a strong burning feeling inside of him that is far from pleasant. Strange doesn’t seem affected by his tone.
As if he heard them all coming, the Goblin stops struggling to get the web out of his face, and points the glider back up into the air, managing to escape the blow he was about to receive from the group of Avengers.
It’s taken a whole week for Aunt May to let him off the hook. That whole week, whenever he wasn’t at school or with Mr. Stark, Peter spent trying to help out in the apartment even more than before. He cleaned the floors, filtered his closet by throwing out the clothes he would never wear anymore, and did the dishes and laundry. In the morning, he sometimes even prepared some breakfast for Aunt May, that he would bring to her bed to surprise her.
“You men can’t do anything right,” she says with a sigh. Tony knows she’s aware of what to do, given that her cousin recently had a child. Back when they were still together, they went to visit the little brat, and since then Pepper has been babysitting once of twice. “How are you going to explain this to May?”
And then he figures he won’t be needing that. Because he’s a father, and a father would do anything to keep his kid alive. And Mary, being a mother, should be able to recognize that desperation.
“Ah, Cap, good you’re here. Peter had this one request but he didn’t dare to ask you despite the fact that you’re one gigantic teddy bear when it comes to the kid-“
Tony blinks for a few times and then nods. He wonders why Pepper, Happy or Rhodey aren’t a match? They haven’t been injected with Spider-venom, right? Or… wait, he’s not thinking straight. This has nothing to do with the venom. It’s about blood. Pepper’s B+, so is Happy, only negative. Rhodey’s AB like Peter. They’ve told him this.
, but instead, you somehow managed to team up with these braindead princes.”
He closes his eyes. How could this happen? How could he have just… done this? This is horrible, it’s probably the worst thing that could have happened between them right now.
There stands Peter, walking exactly where Tony just walked, looking younger, stronger in a way. Tony watches as Peter looks at something on the screen Tony is currently finding himself in front of. For a long while, that’s all he sees. But then, Peter moves again, having a quick look around before leaving the wagon again. After that, the screen goes dark again.
“I know, I know. Stupid Idea, I should know better,” Tony admits. “I just… Peter wasn’t talking to me, you weren’t talking to me, the team was being secretive… I was miserable, and I just figured ‘who will even care?’… And before you start shouting at me, I know people will care, I was just in a bad headspace.”
“Wow, that’s…quite an age.”
Tony does. All the Avengers had been in tension about it, but there was just nothing they could do about it other than apprehend a few of the people who suddenly ended up super-powered. Not that they were all bad, but they just didn’t know how to control everything yet.
They both walk out of the elevator on the same floor. It could be coincidence, but when it looks like she’s going the exact same way Peter is going, he figures he might see more of her in the future. Just as Peter walks up to one of the nurses to ask for Tony, he sees the Doctor walk into a room.
Zemo warns, and it’s that sentence that pulls Tony’s attention back up. Inside his cabin, Zemo presses a button. Next to Steve, an ancient screen starts playing something. On it, a date is written down. All he can really read are the numbers sixteen and 1991. As Zemo continues talking, Tony nears the screen when a security feed of a secluded road is shown.
“I can’t be there, I’m sorry Peter. T’Challa won’t allow me to head back to the States twice in one week. Besides, if the government learns that I’ve been in contact with him outside of accords-business, they’ll arrest him, too.” Of course, that doesn’t mean he’s not going to try. He’ll talk to T’Challa immediately. It’s an emergency after all. If they’re successful, Steve can be in New York in about twelve hours. Hopefully, by then Tony’ll be awake again, and they’ll know what exactly happened.
, it says.
“Give me one good reason why I can’t go home?” Tony asks, feeling like his brain has been scrambled around. It’s probably because of all the meds. They’re screwing him up, he needs to go home.
Tony gives him one last long look before leaning forward.
There’s pictures of the crash site, a ship as big as Stark Tower itself, landed on an open field. There’s smoke everywhere, people being evacuated away from it, dressed in clothing that don’t seem from this century.
“Thank you, Dad. Thank you
“Oh, uh, I think so? I mean, suddenly everything started itching, it was crazy!” he lies, trying not to make too much of a deal about it. He can’t really just announce right here that some random girl started kissing him with no warning!
“Where’s the case?”
“That idiot made his brain into an actual super-computer in a way,” she explains. “I could explain it to you, but it’s way above my knowledge. I’m pretty savvy with computers but even I don’t know how he managed to do this shit.”
“Darling, you have no idea what’s possible,” Hela answered right before the thing crumbled in her hand. She looked at them dangerously. Oh, she was so going to kill them. Yaël stood up and stared over the rock so she could see, still hiding herself as good as possible. Maybe she could freeze the woman, a surprise attack could work out, right? Not that she wanted to help Loki, but something was off with this woman.
No, he’s not sure. The thing he felt yesterday – because now it’s suddenly all extremely clear – is seemingly completely gone right now. So how can he explain this to Johnny? Has the guy been feeling something for a while now? Has Peter given him some sort of hope? Is he now going to disappoint him, again?
“Who- who are you?” he asks, then. Tony sighs, taking a few steps forward and putting his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
“Be safe, okay?” he asks. Peter can’t believe how much he’s grown on the man in such a small amount of time.
“Well, to me it looked more like he was getting too hands-on. I just wanted to help.”
“Come, let’s let the lovebirds make peace on their own,” he says. Peter couldn’t be happier for the release of this ever-lasting… well, not
How was this man actually ably to look so calm, serene, like nothing that she would be able to do could freak him out? Yaël told him about her two dreams and he just kept listening, he didn’t interrupt her once. After she told the story, she didn’t feel like she was a weirdo or anything.
Raido’s curiously reaching out his little hands towards the hammer, only slightly touching it when Yaël turns around a bit, getting it out of the kid’s reach. Peter follows her leaning against the hedge and looking into the garden.
“Well, not that this wasn’t fun, but I’m going to bed now,” he says. He punches Tony on the shoulder before turning to the others. “Good night!”
“N-no-“ Yaël couldn’t grasp what Steve was trying to tell her. Weren’t they the Avengers, Earth’s mightiest heroes? Okay, there were problems, but Yaël didn’t expect them to actually start fighting each other.
“It’s what I do,” Peter says with a smirk. Johnny finally stands up and heads towards his room to get dressed for the occasion. Peter just clears his throat before jumping over the couch. In her surprise, MJ starts laughing when the pillows jump up and down along with it as he lands.
“Dad, where’s Steve?” Peter keeps on begging, tears clear in his eyes. But all Tony can see is red from anger; how could he not have seen this before? Had he known, he would never have pulled Peter into this. This whole fight; it shouldn’t have been with Peter. The fact that he just asked his son to practically fight against his other idol – his other father-figure…
The words sound so clear in Tony’s head. It’s impossible to ignore it, making his chest feel warm again. At least now he knows he doesn’t have to worry about it being a possible heart-attack.
(See the end of the chapter for
- arguments
“Don’t say it has something to do with you battling that giant robot in the city?” Johnny asks, changing the channel back to the news where they’re doing a coverage on the battle. “I mean, it looked badass, but I also feel like you weren’t part of the team, you know?”
“Will you read this to me?” he asks. Tony looks down at the story about the little inventor who wants to invent a robot. Oh, the irony.
Yaël chewed on a piece of egg while leaning on her hand. Her problem with steering air was consuming her thoughts. There had to be some kind of technique to handle it as precise as she could handle water or fire, right? Maybe her hand coordination wasn’t correct, or maybe there were flaws in her gestures?
So now they have to pay. The problem is, the Avengers had never really told them how they were going to do that. They had just agreed not to be caught, or they’d had to do something in return that would no doubt be awkward for them.
“How did you-?” he starts to ask, but he can’t seem to finish. That’s alright, Steve knows the question.
Yet, still, Steve had found himself feeling weird around the man. Right from the moment that Stark had opened up those brown eyes, after appearing dead for a full, dreadful minute, only to be scared awake by the Hulk, Steve had felt weird.
“I can’t really reach her when she’s like this, my telepathy isn’t strong enough.” Wade pulled out his phone from his pocket
“FRI, can you call Pepper for me? And don’t tell Dad about this, it’s a surprise for him!”
“He could focus on college, hang out with his friends… be
There was only woods around her, dark, deep woods. She saw the towers of a castle at the horizon, raising from somewhere deep in the woods. To her left, close to her cage, there was a little house. It looked old, like a cottage, with plants growing over it.
“What have you been saying about me?” Peter whispers to her. Natasha sorts, whispering back.
He can barely think anything before somebody grabs him and lifts him up from the ground. He wants to protest, to say that he can walk fine by himself, but the hold on him is stronger than he expects.
And so she did. Yaël scratched her chest during the process, as her heart was still pounding way to fast, making her feel anxious and nauseous. Completely out of breath, she instantly started working on her air-product. It didn’t work out that well, though. Yaël kept pumping, kept forcing her body to do something so exhaustive whilst ignoring the signals it was trying to make.
Now an old man of seventy, Tony realizes it's time.
“Alright,” Steve returned, throwing Tony on the bed. “Now, you don’t need me to help you get changed, do you?”
Michelle wasn’t exaggerating; Liz
Wow, did one woman cause so much destruction?
Peter rolls his eyes. “Sure, whatever,” Peter mutters out. “Listen, I’m already having a pretty shitty week, so unless you have some actual good news, I’d rather just head back to bed if that’s alright?”
interest in getting myself a girlfriend!”
“C’mon hot-shot, let’s get you home,” he mutters, throwing Johnny over his shoulder. The guy complains with a tired grunt, but snores on the entire way out of the house. That guy, the one who organized the party but which Peter can’t remember the name of, waves at him and drunkenly tells him he’ll see him tomorrow. Peter doubts that, but he doesn’t voice his thoughts.
Then he yawns loudly.
They met the host the day after they heard they were participating. There they were introduced with their separate teams. Everybody had somebody joining them. Rhodey went with Tony for obvious reasons. Bucky joined Steve, and Peter, the poor soul, dragged three people along instead; Harry, Johnny, and Ned, the latter fanboying over everything since he seems to love the show so much.
Is it possible that, in his moments of blackouts, he actually went and got himself in some sort of relationship with the Black Cat? A girl Peter doesn’t even know by her actual name! She’s just always been the Cat in his mind!
“You don’t have to do that, Steve,” Tony finally says. He takes his free hand and puts it on Steve’s cheek, finally giving him a small smile. Peter hides away his excitement, keeping himself from throwing his hands in the air in a victorious gesture. “We’ll figure it out after this weekend, okay?”
They hang up. Tony blinks his eyes open immediately after. He groans as he tries to move a bit, reaching one hand up to rub his eyes.
been thinking about shaving it off. Whatever he chooses, he’ll always be hot in Tony’s eyes.
“I don’t know, maybe the flower you drew wasn’t beautiful enough!” Wolverine suddenly managed to smack open the door, which made Wade fly back and crash against the fridge.
“Okay, I’ll stop talking,” Tony mutters out. “I’ll be super quiet.”
“Tony… why did you call me ‘honey’?” Steve asks, feeling his heart ache instantly. Besides, what’s this about being back home in no time? From what he read, he thought it was pretty serious?
“But what if it hadn’t worked? What if you had ended up paralyzed or something like that?”
“My choice is simple; I would fuck Widow, Marry Cap and kill Iron Man,” one last girl says. Peter feels his entire body go cold at the confidence the girl has about her decision. He shouldn’t let it bother him, but it still does.
“Has your brain been ripped out too?” Yaël growled as she walked backwards into her apartment and shut her door while Wades face was still planted against her chest. Wade mumbled something. “What?”
. It wasn’t a bad look on her.
Only too bad because the glass is all fogged up and nobody’s able to see what’s going on behind the stall. Natasha remembers, when they’d been filming this, that the two had been wearing their swimming trunks.
“I’m sorry, pal, but you’ve never really been good handling the girls, have you?” He asks. Peter pushes him away by his face and hands out the last plate before pulling the apron over his head.
“Stick to the little guy,” was all he said on the matter. When Peter brought it up again a little bit later, all Tony got to tell him was that he was underage, and didn’t want him to sign them until he was a legal adult. Peter decides not to go against it.
Tony never replied.
If there’s
Eddie has fallen on the ground. He’s writhing, struggling but unable to escape. The black goo that forms the suit is jumping off and reattaching itself. Eddie’s not getting out of that on his own. Peter bites on his lip, pulling away his arms from his ears and reaching towards him.
“I’ll bring this back to where it came from. You get some sleep. At least… six hours, okay?”
It’s right there, booming where it’s supposed to be. But it looks different, it’s under construction. There’s nothing indicating it’s an Avengers-related building, or that Stark Industries still operates in it. It looks just like any other building now.
“You let them go,” Tony points out to her. Natasha doesn’t flinch at all at the response. “T’Challa told them what you did. They’ll come after you.”
“Jazz,” Rhodey sighs, picking up the puppy and holding in it his arms while he watches Tony.
“Yeah, my shift is done anyway, and I can’t figure this thing out without Mr. Stark, so I’m kind of stuck,” Peter explains. Picking up his jacket and putting it on, he notices Steve looking around the place before he, too, takes his stuff and hoodie, and follows Peter to the door.
“You didn’t come home?”
“Is it an actual date? Or is it going to stay inside the walls of the bedroom?” Peter jokes, and as a response, Francis bursts out laughing even harder before waving Peter off. Then he’s gone, leaving Peter alone again in the work-room with Dum-E already pulling away from him to hurry towards the fridge once more.
And yes, Peter thinks back of that week where he asked around to every person who had ever had a redheaded girlfriend how exactly he was supposed to ask MJ out. Those persons were Tony (who was with Pepper once), Bucky (who is currently with Nat), Bruce (who was with Nat once), Happy (who is currently with Pepper) and Harry (who was with MJ before they broke up).
that’s still any of your business?” He should walk away now. Because, unknowingly, he’s getting closer again. Closer to that strong, muscular body. Closer to those perfect lips. Closer to Steve. “You aren’t my
“It’s, uh, it’s the black eye,” Steve quickly said as an excuse. “It… uh, there’s pressure on my eyes.”
And the two boys start running.
That’s Sam on the other side.
“Peter called me up, he said that FRIDAY was acting weird. We found you upstairs, but you pretty much destroyed the penthouse.”
“So, what? You just decide to throw my plates and start shooting at my floor to prove that this guy can swing from one building to another? There are other ways to do that, Wade!” the girl shouts back. And with that, Peter knows Creepy Stalking Guy’s name, at last.
“The dude has already created invitations for our supposed ‘wedding’. I know because he felt the need to text me this about half an hour ago,” Peter says, picking up his cellphone and showing the text to the open air. Gwen won’t be able to read it because she’s just not there.
“OR WHAT?! YOU’LL GROUND ME? NEWS FLASH, YOU MAY BE MY FATHER, BUT YOU’RE NOT MY DAD. YOU DON’T GET TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO!”
“I know, it looks heavy, doesn’t it?” Steve takes a couple of pictures before handing her back the phone. She quickly gives him back the shield, and Steve hesitates for a few seconds before putting it on Tony’s magnet on his back. Tony snorts.
Wade shrugs, not bothering to explain. Peter frowns then, thinking back of the last time he actually saw Tony Stark. He has seemed a bit off during the interview for the internship, but Peter had just figured that was his discomfort of talking to teenagers. As far as he’s always known, Tony Stark doesn’t do well with youth – which is actually crap, come to think of it; how is he ever going to tell the guy ‘hey, I’m your son by the way?’ if he’s not at all good with children?
“Alright, let’s read through this, then,” he mutters, opening the file and starting at the very
“Oh come on, again?” Mr. Morita complains. He gets up from his seat and hurries to open up the door, where he’s greeted by a thick cloud of dust flying into his face. On the other side of the hallway, two figures start running towards them. Peter tries to get a good look of it, but he’s suddenly pushed aside by Mr. Stark, who looks extremely alert and ready to get in action despite not wearing the suit.
cut. Is he ever going to work alongside Mr. Stark this upcoming internship?
Tony stays a bit too long in the bathroom.
Then Tony, too, pulls away. After a few footsteps, the door closes and Tony and Steve are out of the room. Peter then turns onto his back, looking at the ceiling and feeling some of the heaviness leave him. Because right now he’s feeling loved. And he’s reminded that it’s not just these two men that love him, but others, too. He’s just forgotten how it feels, only to be reminded of it again right now.
