"I love you too. So much."
"So you do know how to have fun?" Tony teased, moving Steve's hair back that was plastered all over his forehead.
The call had come around six in the evening and Steve had gone to the kitchen to receive it, as he had previously left his phone there. Tony was left sitting on the sofa, the movie now paused. He had his nerves biting him on every bit of skin he had. It was torturous.
"To my favorite ice cream place, Hap."
"Now you listen to me," Tony said, completely sober and firm. "I am not out for something. This isn't a scheme, there isn't a plot. Everything I've ever said you to has been a hundred percent true, straight from my heart. Which is something new for me 'cause I usually don't do so. I know what you might think, what you might feel, believe me. And I can understand that, it might seem fishy to you. But, Steve, there is no other way I can say this. I am genuinely, completely into you. Cross my heart and hope to die, and all that jazz. I have been since I first saw you, as cheesy as that sounds. So I will try with whatever I have to make sure you know that, no matter how long it takes.
"You can put him to sleep over there." Tony, from the pool, pointed at the lounge chairs that were right inside the floor to ceiling glass wall. Steve took him in and laid him down and, not surprisingly, the pool activity had exhausted Peter so much that he fell asleep quite quickly.
"It comes with the name. It's not your fault." Tony raised their joined hands and pressed a kind, tender kiss on Steve's knuckles, never leaving eye contact. He saw Steve take in a deep breath, his eyes soft, looking into Tony's. He felt like time had stopped for them.
"Yay!" Peter raised his arms in victory and Tony grabbed him and placed him over his shoulders, a leg on each side of his neck. "C'mon, love. We have a pool to introduce to the kid."
So this is it, the last chapter.
"Tony, I... I... Are you sure?"
Somehow this absolutely lovely father-son duo had become a part of his daily life and he didn't how to thank the heavens above for that. He was very sure he had never done anything to deserve it but he would never want it to be taken away from him. So he tried to be thankful. He tried to be giving.
Tony was staring at the ceiling, remembering Steve's smile. His large hand so delicately helping Peter handle his cone that was probably too big for the three year old. His blond hair shining in the million lights reflecting on them while they were on the street. His pulp bottom lip, so pink, so full, so chewable. His long legs that Tony wouldn't mind having wrap around his waist. His large and hard chest, so firm. Those baby blues.
He looked at Peter's carefree and beaming face and would sit back content. This child, this beautiful child, was getting a childhood. And he was helping in it some way. Eating what he was given, playing with what toys he had, the toddler never seemed to thrown a tantrum. It wouldn't be wrong for him to do so, it was to be expected from him. But he never did it. Okay, maybe occasionally, but still. Tony didn't get why but what did he know about kids.
"Why did you bring it up? Were- were you thinking... Of it?"
Steve couldn't do anything but nod.
Tony could see Steve's expressions turning confused by the minute in the passenger seat while Tony drove.
Steve just shrugged and they went to the room with the giant screen and Peter ran to a bean bag and threw his body on it.
"Now you." Peter brought the other hand up for Tony.
"I'm good, J. I'm good. I'm..." Tony fanned himself with his hand. God, that was terrifying.
"New, please."
Tony grumbled.
Steve turned around and walked away with Peter. He could hear Peter asking another question and Steve answering him but he couldn't quite make out the wordings.
"No, no, he's a kid. JARVIS, you heard the kid. Play Brother Bear."
"He seems to have a very clean background, sir. Nothing that has ever crossed your path. What is it that you require from him, if I may ask?" JARVIS spoke.
It started out great. Normal for any occasion like this. He stepped out his car, stomach finally filled with his sandwich. Glasses covered his eyes because he never leaves his tower without them. He was met with people in charge. Like always, he beamed when he saw the kids.
He couldn't stop himself from thinking of all the what if's. What if Steve had later thought about it and was choosing not to come? What if Steve was faking the smiles and sweetness just to humor Tony but was secretly laughing behind his back? What if Steve realized that Tony wasn't worth the effort? What if Steve didn't want to put Peter under such an influence? Tony wouldn't object to the last. He would rather encourage it.
"Traitor! That was all you!" Tony denounced.
"Yes."
"Only if he gives me a kiss."
"How's Peter doing?"
"No, it's okay." Steve assured, climbing into car, thanking him, and placing Peter right beside him with a firm grip on him.
"I know," Tony entered the elevator and turned around, looking at Pepper. "Just don't want to." He smiled at her. "Do your thing, J."
"You- you wanna... You wanna break..."
Peter enthusiastically nodded while Steve pocketed the ball Peter held in his jacket. As they walked, Tony pulled out his phone and sent a text to Happy to bring the car to where he was dropped off. And sure enough, the car was waiting exactly there.
“Okay. Step back.” Tony already had his hand in the drawer, pulling out a shot of epinephrine. He pulled the boys pajama pants down and stabbed it in his thigh, ignoring the whimper of sympathetic pain from his father. A nurse had already hooked up a monitor and put in a line, so Tony waited, watching the O2 stats and praying they’d go up. The kid was borderline right now, getting just enough oxygen from the mask that they could afford to wait and let the epi do its thing.
“Aww, come on. Would you date younger me?”
Steve spread his arms wide, holding his sign out to the side to free up the space between them. "Yup!"
The delivery man left with his platter and his trumpet, and Tony returned to his apartment, excited about the show in two days time.
Rating: T
“Yeah.” Steve leaned against the door frame, keeping his body across the gap so Tony couldn’t even see inside let alone step in. Wind whipped stale rain across the fire escape, and Tony shivered in his too-light jacket. “I didn’t think you’d come back, honestly.” Steve shrugged. “Sorry.”
Tony’s arms had come up to wrap around Bucky’s back, tugging him down until they were pressed tightly together. They were both a mess of wet clothes and snow, but neither seemed to care, completely absorbed as they were in a rapidly heating makeout session.
“And stand right here.” Tony shuffled him into place. He eyed him up and down. “Yeah, you’re about the right height.” Tony took three steps back and snapped on a pair of lab goggles. “Okay, try not to breathe it in.”
“Holy shit, you’re huge,” Tony said with a light laugh. “It’s my fucking birthday. You gonna choke me with that thing, Steve?”
“I’m not.” Steve petted his hair back. “You’re my soulmate, Tony. I love you.”
“So beautiful,” Steve murmured. “I can’t believe this is all mine, but it is. Thank you, Tony.”
“Confirmed?” Steve shifted in his chair. What was Greg talking about? Was someone talking about them behind their backs?
The aftermath of today's battle wasn't pretty. Everyone had been stripped bare, torn down, shown their worst fears and their most crippling weaknesses. Tony had been forced to confront his reliance on technology to feel safe. And this was a fight that would haunt his dreams for a while. But he wasn't the one he was most concerned about.
But with Steve, Tony couldn’t bring himself to share his feelings until it was too late to, and this, apparently, was his punishment.
He thought about bumping the bottom of the mattress above him - not hard, just enough to pop the kid out of sleep - but immediately rolled his eyes at himself. He couldn’t do that. This kid was lucky to be insomnia free. Tony was just jealous.
Thor sighed. “My lovely Jane only has half an hour to talk, and we’re going to waste it.”
“Steve! You have to go to prom with me!”
I want to go with you.”
The world disappeared as more and more cocooned surrounded him and arousal evaporated as fear dropped his stomach out. Tony struggled pointlessly as everything went black.
“Oh.” It wasn’t like a slap - a slap was personal, sharp, full of emotion. This was cold, empty, flat. Not a hit, a dismissal. “You used me.” It wasn’t a question.
Steve could save… a different part of him. It was a lie to think that cursing him with living death was the same as saving his life. It was a lie to think that reversing the effects of the frostbite were worth what Tony would lose.
“You still with me, Cap?”
Up and down had lost all meaning, the confused gravity leaving only tentacles at his back and Steve pasted against his front and nothing else mattered. He found Steve's mouth and sucked his bottom lip between his teeth, until Steve eased him into a searing kiss.
When the show ended,  Tony and Steve dipped their heads close together, sharing their excited reviews, and the very bad man stomped off, tripping an usher on his way out.
Fairies weren’t allowed love. He couldn’t have Tony for himself, even if Tony had wanted him back, which he didn’t. Steve gripped his wand in both hands. If only the spell - now feeling like a curse - that had made him who he was had stolen his heart away so it couldn’t ache like this, couldn’t yearn. Then he’d happily do his job, help Tony find happiness with someone else and walk away. Instead, a tear slipped from Steve’s eye.
Rated: T
“Why is there icing on the ceiling?”
Tony turned and walked away, a spring in his step, head light and spinning. He forced himself to wait til the corner before he looked back over his shoulder. Bucky and Steve were standing by the bank, hand-in-hand, watching Tony. And when Tony shot Steve a little wave, Steve waved back.
Steve choked on another dusty sob and wiped furiously at his eyes. He needed to move, his stomach was already growling painfully and no light leaked through the broken wall along with the cold, musty air. He was afraid to see what was out there - had HYDRA won? - but he needed to stand up and shake off his past and face this future.
“Yeah.”
“Why are you -?”
“You sure?”
Steve blinked at them all, trying to take in everything at once. There was a shelf with at least twenty black instrument cases on it, two, large carpet tiles with drum kits on them, stands with guitars, basses, violins - everything. Half of them, Steve didn’t even recognize.
Bucky watches from the bed as white cotton covers up the olive expanse of skin barely visible in the anemic moonlight that creeps through his gauzy curtains. He fists the sheets, bites his lip, and tries to hold back the words that have been climbing steadily up the back of his throat since Tony first slipped out of bed.
Steve nodded, turning back to Tony, and earning a smile. “I feel exactly the same as always,” he said, sighing softly. “Perfectly normal.”
Steve backed out of the shower area and back into the main locker room. "JARVIS, assemble the Avengers. Tony's been taken. The tower might be under attack." Steve wrenched open his locker and tugged out his uniform.
And of course, in the dark, all alone, all Tony could think about was Steve. Their argument earlier. The way Steve had looked at him. And how was it that he’d come out of this unscathed? It was a little scary maybe, but mostly upsetting. Steve, the strongest of them, had been whammied by the witch, and all of his anger was only directed at Tony and at Ultron. Maybe the witch hadn’t even shown him anything.
“Well. Isn’t that great.” Tony sucked in a sharp breath through his nose. He needed a drink and some of the good pills, but he couldn’t let that show. Stark men were made of iron; they didn’t break down in public. If the Stark man in question was Tony, however, they did get extremely inebriated in public, and that numbness was looking more and more appealing. “You don’t know who he is?”
Rated: T
Heart Rate: 22 beats per tm
Steve hooked an arm around his neck, a relieved laugh startling out of him. “Worried about me, Stark?”
Steve swallowed hard. "Yeah. I'm ok. It'll wear off, so…"
Thanks for reading! <3
You suggesting that useless piece of garbage is anywhere near my level of genius hurts more than the email I'm about to have to write to Pepper.
Tags: Ultimates, Huddling for Warmth, Hopeful Ending, Established Relationship
Steve stumbled up to the edge of the bed. “Tony… you’re alive. Oh my god.” He folded down, forehead pressing to Tony’s side. He could feel warmth there, even if his breathing was too shallow, too slow. “You told me the protocol would only activate if you were dead. You asshole. I thought -” Steve let out a long, slow breath. “I thought you were gone.”
MrF has claimed collab credit for writing this, which was mostly reading over my shoulder and telling me he could do it better :P
Steve shot him a look. “Not really? I mean, just average.”
“You should’ve asked for her number,” Tony said, perhaps a bit harshly, shoving his sunglasses on then stuffing his hands in his pockets.
“Be so perfect.”
“Well, yeah.” Tony twirled the straw in his cup. “But in a really cool way.”
Tony leaned one elbow on the table and rested his chin on it, turned completely sideways in his chair to face Steve. “Only one way to make someday, sooner, you know.”
Reblog the art
For all that Tony’s father had insisted that Stark men were iron, Tony never had been. He’d built his iron cage to protect a soft heart, gold instead of iron. He gave the impression of strength, of iron-hard metal, but he was malleable, all too easy to press fingerprints into. What Steve was about to do would leave a mark that time would never erase.
“Is it?”
He looked around him as if one of the strangers walking by would stop and back him up. “I wasn’t flirting, Tony. She’s amazing. Her work with oil paint is revolutionary. You should see how she approaches colour. It’s -
Steve didn't see his repeat customer on Friday, but on Monday, just before his time was up, he appeared, hustling down to where Steve stood with his Free Hugs sign. "Hey!" Steve said, opening his arms.
"Oh, no, I'm fine." Steve spread his hand across his chest. "Totally fine. I didn't - I mean I didn't come here to ask you for anything. I just figured it wasn't fair for you not to know. And I'm planning on keeping it, but since you're half the donation, here, and you have rights. I just really wanted you to know."
“Sounds like we don’t really have a choice,” Bucky said. “They already have pictures.”
Tags: Cute, Silly, JARVIS POV, Get Together
“You come in every weekday morning during my shift.”
Steve caught his wrist and eased it back down. “You’re okay, Tony.”
“I think I’m going to die of boredom before exposure,” Tony sighed, rolling from the moth-bitten couch onto the floor and letting himself flop there.
Rating: T
“We both do,” Steve added quietly.
Both of Steve’s hands were occupied, one braced next to Tony’s hip to keep him from crushing him, the other gripping Tony’s folded leg hard enough to bruise, so Tony shoved his own hand down between their bodies and started jacking himself off roughly in the short, sharp strokes he could manage in the small amount of space.
The guy looked happier today, and he grinned as he stepped into Steve's arms and let himself be held for a moment. "Thanks." He shifted his bags. "You give really good hugs, you know. You should think about going pro."
This one: Hopeful Ending, Break up/Make up, Avengers Assemble
Tags: Friends to Lovers, First Kiss, Stuck at School for the Holidays, Christmas, Snowed In, College AU
“Sorry to bother you, but would you mind if my, um, nephew met your dog? If she’s friendly.” He put careful emphasis on “nephew” that made it clear that there weren’t to be any questions raised on that topic.
Square: Time Travel
“No, sorry.”
“Um.” Steve was stock still, staring at Tony with such utter bewilderment that Tony rewound the conversation four times and replayed it in his head.
Steve brushes the hand from Tony’s jaw back into his hair, dislodging leaves and sticks which flutter to the ground. The other hand lands on Tony’s hip, drawing him forward, slotting their bodies together. Tony is strong, and steady, and wonderful in Steve’s arms, and what a waste it was not to realize this earlier, but also, what a blessing to have it now.
“Yeah? Anything,” Steve offers, so easily it makes Tony’s body flush with tingles, from head to toe this time.
It was the long way home, sure, but it was worth it. Tony turned the corner and jogged across the street, making a beeline for a warm, cheery window halfway down the next block. Okay, so maybe it wasn’t on the way home, exactly. Maybe Tony was supposed to turn north at the last corner, not south. But, really, it was worth it.
SC/T Issonoth has submitted a request to Acquisitions for a secondary, compatible test subject for comparison.
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up in a cold, predatory grin. “What fun would that be?”
Universe: Ultimate Avengers
Nat settled on the floor by his head and set the box next to his shoulder. It rattled as she worked the lid off and a cloud of dust went up.
At the tower, Tony Stark arrived home from a long day in board meetings and conference calls and went down to his workshop to find a box sitting on his desk. The box was wrapped in shiny paper with a huge bow on top. “JARVIS, where did this come from?” Tony asked.
Steve wakes up in the new apartment with a chill.
Steve added silently.
Steve grabbed the handcuff chain with one hand, tugged, and it snapped easily in two. He lifted Tony into his arms as if he weighed nothing and clutched him to his chest. “Clear the main floor. I’m getting him out.”
Rating: T
"Oh, shit!" Tony grabbed Steve's wrist as blood bloomed in the slice across his palm. "Dammit. Is it deep?"
Tony’s smirk softened into a smile. “Thank you.” Then his eyes brightened again. “So? Wanna try it?”
Challenge: None
And of course, Steve hadn’t changed. The cryo preserved him even more perfectly than the ice had. Once again, the world had ticked on, and Steve was left behind. The back of his eyes prickled with heat, and Steve tried to suck in enough oxygen not to pass out as terror swirled through him and tried to drag him under the surface of a budding panic attack.
JARVIS reviewed the error code. There was a section of data missing from his logs. He reviewed the logs but could find no reason for the missing section. It was simply… gone.
"Um. Sorry. I'll just - I - Oh god."
“Tony?”
The fight went on until they were both pink and panting, covered in snow from head to foot. Tony’s knit hat was soaking wet and drooping down his face, and Bucky’s hair clung to his chin in damp, matted strands. Bucky had shedded two of his layers. Tony had quickly built a ridge of snow as a defensive position, while Bucky kept his spot near the compound wall. Tony used the repulsor in his watch to melt Bucky’s snowballs before they could hit him, but trying to defend his fort and make new snowballs at the same time was splitting his focus, and Steve could see Bucky’s plan taking shape.
“But what if the aliens come to get her, Clint? What then?!” Tony shouts, gesturing towards the hole in the wall that still has half a broken spaceship stuck through it.
"Oh shit," indeed," Tony said.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat. “I - you - what? Why?” Had Tony finally figured out that Steve had been in love with him for upwards of six months now?
“Shh. Tony, love, I know it’s hard for you, but you’re going to be good for me.” Steve spoke the words against Tony’s lips, breath hot. “I’m not going to stop until you come.”
"Mr. Stark!"
The doors chimed as they opened and Tony called out “Honeys, I’m home!’ and then chuckled to himself. A moment later, he appeared around the corner and screeched to a halt. "What -?”
Tony had no power over that smile. Or that bedhead, or those ridiculous pajamas, or those half-lidded, soft blue eyes, or that man. “Yeah, of course. I’m bringing the coffee and toast though. And my book.”
“Nope. Sorry. I’m - uh - I’m having a bit of a day. You should know that at some point I’m just going to disappear, assuming everything goes according to plan. Well, according to plan B.” Tony blinks at Steve for a moment. “Okay, like plan H, but what can you do?” He clears his throat too. “I’m usually wearing more clothes than this.”
"Tony? Is that you?"
- and you put your pjs on. Then we’ll reconvene.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Bucky laughed. "No corners here, pal, it's a circle. Either that or the whole thing's a corner. Our dark little corner." He winked then disappeared behind one of the curtains and off into the back room.
“Alright. I’ll see you for training tomorrow morning.”
The dancer took a bow and the other band was clapped off stage. Conversation seemed to rise up to fill the empty space when the music was gone. Steve raked his eyes over the other patrons, but he didn't have a chance to take much in before a waiter appeared beside the table. "Sir?"
“For what?”
Square: No Powers
Steve paused outside the huge, rotating, glass doors and took a few deep breaths. Stark Tower loomed above him, and when he looked up, trying to find the top, his head spun and threatened to dump him on the sidewalk. He dropped his gaze back to the ground and balled his hands into fists at his side. He could do this.
"She's going left!" Clint shouted, diving to the side, but the puppy darted right and slipped under his arm, taking another circle around the workshop. The staff she had clutched in her teeth fired again and Tony's autoclave turned into a very startled looking frog. "Shit!"
Steve snorted mirthlessly. Of course, Tony would try to play this off as nothing. "Well," Steve drawled. "I'm getting divorced tomorrow, so not that great, really."
"Yeah?"
"Wild Thing!" Anthony yelled.
“Stop,” Tony gasped, waving his arm in the air.
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, then turned on his heel and left.
Steve climbed fully on the bed, covering Tony completely with his solid warm weight. But there was still something off in his tone, his shoulders.
Tony hummed. He bent and kissed his way along Steve’s jaw. “Okay, maybe not better, but I’ll take any opportunity to spend sixteen hours with you.”
The sun pierced through the sky aggressively, and Tony had to blink his eyes to clear the spots. He sat up, looking down so he could see the tops of the fluffy clouds below them. Light glinted between them, sparkling the lakes and rivers that cut through the Lego-Land sprawl they passed over. They were finally starting to slip lower.
Tags: Post-EG, Future Stony, Morgan
From: theboss@hammertime.net
“First takeout as homeowners,” Steve added, chuckling. “First Disney.”
"I know. And you get to play, and that's wonderful, honest. I didn't mean to be so…" Steve waved a hand dismissively. "I really am sorry. I'm just jealous cause I want to make art as badly as you want to play, but no one wants to pay me to do it."
"Wow." Anthony's eyes were wide, his forehead pressed against the window long enough that there was a red spot in the centre of his brow. It was getting close to bedtime, but Anthony loved the storm so much, Steve couldn't help but let him stay up to watch. "Out." Anthony pointed one small finger towards the balcony.
“What the fuck, dude?! I’m not letting you cheat on your boyfriend with me. Holy shit. I can’t believe you’d do that.” Tony’s peddled back on his stool until there was a solid few feet between them. God, it was everything he’d ever wanted and in the worst way possible.
So Steve had managed to wiggle out of something that’d had its grip on Tony for weeks without reltenting, in less an hour. What had she shown him? The team dying as well? Tony dying? Maybe Steve didn’t care.
Tony was already on the couch, so he brought both over - Tony’s with milk and his with sugar - and settled beside him. Tony shuffled closer until they were pressed side by side, sitting quietly in the dark.
At least that question was straightforward. Nothing else ricocheting around in Tony’s mind made any sense at all. “No… no, I’m not hurt. Just - just my wrists are a little sore…”
"Oh." Tony swallowed heavily. "When's tryouts?" fell out of Tony's mouth without permission. The man's eyebrows shot up, and Tony immediately started backtracking. "Shit, sorry. That was so inappropriate."
"I believe you."
Tony was twisting around, trying to find a way to get it out without dropping it on the ground and smashing, it when something did smash, but it wasn’t his phone. A loud bang upstairs was followed by frantic footsteps and the sound of wood splintering. Tony tensed, unsure if he should be trying desperately to hide himself or be screaming for help.
"Was there something else I was supposed to do?" Bucky's voice had the careful edge of someone who knew he was at risk of setting off a firework, but as close as he was to being set off, Steve couldn't help but be that firework.
Tags: Light Dom/sub, Light Predicament Bondage (in a sense), Hurt/Comfort, Injury, Injured Steve, Praise Kink, Steve Can't Use Painkillers, Orgasms as Pain Relief, Crush Confessions, Cute, Happy Ending, In More Ways Than One lol
He drew the stern, older man up on the raised table at the back, then two ladies' dresses that had caught his eye.
Once again, the clothes stay behind.
Clint shifted forward into his seat to follow Tony’s sightline. He sat back down. “That’s new.”
“Tony!” Steve’s face broke into a grin.
Steve took a took breath. “That’s more money than I usually make in six months.”
Tags: Established Relationship, Silverfox Tony, Retired Tony, Domestic, Fluff, Sweet, Love, Comfort, M-Rated
Tony looked up from where he’d been contemplating ways to drink coffee without opening the suit. “What’s up, Cap?”
Tony had also rented a limo, picking up Peggy and Bucky on the way, and Steve had to admit that part was fun. At the doors to the gymnasium, Tony paused and held his hand out, his eyes going soft and his smile wavering a bit. Steve looked down at his offered hand then slipped his own in it, wrapping his fingers around Tony’s. Tony’s hand was warm but not sweaty, and his fingers threaded perfectly in between Steve’s like they were puzzle pieces made to fit together.
“Night Nat.”
Square: Nomad
, one of Tony’s favourites. The show was in two nights.
Thank you to soldieress on tumblr for prompting Anthony's birthday. We already had this one planned out, but this one is for you anyway!
And it was fast, Tony knew that, but curled up on Steve’s couch in the dim light of the TV, wound around each other, Steve’s nose buried in his hair, it was so easy to let those three words slip out. He’d never expected Steve to say them back, but he had. Tony had spent the night. He’d never been so happy.
With a growl, Steve made another desperate attempt to surge forward but one of the HYDRA agents poked him hard in the side with an electric prod at the same moment the cuffs shocked him again, and he crumpled back. They slammed the door shut, and he was trapped.
The thugs, unfortunately, aren’t particularly accommodating. “Where are your damn pants?” one of them growls.
“Maybe,” Tony croaked, and his voice was too rough and ragged for whatever soft, gentle place they were in. “Maybe…”
“I’m just trying to help,” Tony said quietly.
“We need to talk,” Tony said, walking into the room with the pained, false-confident stride of a doomed man on his way to the guillotine. He was dreading this, but it had to be done.
When Tony finally rocked back a bare inch, a hysterical giggle leaked out of Steve’s throat. “Careful,” he rasped, “if anyone sees, they’ll think you like me.”
Bucky blinked at him for a moment then burst out laughing.
“Hey, man.” Tony walked over to the freezer and dug through the cartons until he found a tub of rocky road.
He could feel the weighty buzz of the drug, driving him to want to shift and rut, pressing into the too-light touches, but it was distant, ignorable. He assumed it would ramp up given time, but there was also no way it would affect him as strongly as it had Tony. He had to stay the level-headed one here.
Steve had even stolen a cherry tomato off Tony’s plate with a wink and a smile.
Stuckony!
“What?” Steve shook his head, wondering if his hearing was failing him again.
Steve snorted then turned it into a cough, covering his mouth with his other hand. "God, Tony. I mean… me too," Steve added quietly.
“Yes,” Steve breathed, leaning so far forward on the table that it squeaked and the paper tore under him.
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist and rolled onto his front, trying to pull Steve’s body over him. Steve chuckled, draping himself around his lover as tightly as he could, without smothering him completely. He lay in the soft, chilled silence and listened to Tony’s heartbeat. Tony’s hair tickled Steve’s cheek and he leaned back a little, pausing to press a kiss against Tony’s scalp.
"It's fine," Tony said cautiously.
“Open. The fucking. Helmet.”
But first he shuffled out of his pants. Then he swapped his shirt for one of Steve’s huge SHIELD hoodies - pilfered from the hamper so it’d smell like him. He managed that way on the couch for a long time, but then, when his back complained, he crawled into bed with his laptop.
Tags: Skinny!Steve, fluff, domestic, no-powers AU, doggo, cuddles, seriously so fluffy, established relationship
Mating simulation has begun with subjects TS-616 and SR-616.
“Love you, too.” Tony kissed him again. He sighed. “Happy anniversary.”
"What's missing?"
“Peachy.”
“…Tony. Could you be upfront with me? I’m really confused, and I don’t really appreciate you messing me around.”
Tony pushed the straw of his coke back between his lips and tilted his head to the side so he could see those beautiful buns catch the light. It was a masterpiece - there was no other word for it. Sheer perfection.
“They told me you wouldn’t remember any of it.”
“Yeah, well, he ended up making a valiant come back and winning. I paid his sister to put glue in his hair gel in retaliation.”
Tony’s jaw ached, his shoulders ached, his cock ached. But Steve’s free hand was petting all over him now, stroking down his neck, thumbing his nipple, then stretching wide and flat over his stomach.
Steve blinked awake. The bedroom was dark and quiet, the blackout tint on the window’s still activated, and he had that hazy, muffled feeling that told him he’d woken up too early. When he rolled over to check on his boyfriends, he realized why: the bed was empty.
"Yes. It's fine. I'm not trying to cause trouble, I just really need to see Tony Stark, on a very urgent personal matter." Steve's anxiety ramped up and brought a wave of nausea with it. Great, he was going to puke in Tony Stark's lobby and still not get to talk to the damn man.
Steve ran across the room and fell to his knees beside him. He found Tony’s breath his pulse, and both were normal, but he wouldn’t wake. Steve yelled, he shook him gently. He tried everything, but Tony wouldn’t wake.
"Oh, you do? Which game?"
Tags: Vampires, Established Relationship, Bittersweet, Ultimates
And yet, Tony had forgotten, or been so deeply sucked into his work that it would be dangerous or impossible for him to leave it. Steve didn't begrudge him that - Tony's work was important - but he
(Originally
"Yeah… later…" Steve stumbled them both into the elevator, kicking Tony's clothes out of the way as he moved.
Your weird AI signs his own work. So do you.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, you’re very touchable.”
"So… uh." Tony checked his phone overdramatically. "I have a call I'm going to be late for, but do you - um - want to catch dinner later? There's this new Greek place I've been meaning to try, supposed to have amazing calamari. I think you'd like it." And where the fuck had that come from? He made a mental note to have JARVIS compile a list of new Greek places. "We can talk about that suit upgrade you mentioned the other day," he tacked on hastily.
Challenge: Wayback Machine (Cut to the beat)
"It's my bottle cap," Steve said. It appeared in his hand, and Tony realized he'd put it in his pocket earlier. "I remember I lost one last week and couldn't figure out where it had fallen, and I didn't really worry about it. I should have made sure I found it. It never occurred to me that he could get hurt with it."
Winteriron!
It had started as one of those jokes born out of necessity. After what Loki put them through, they could avoid each other, hide, lick their wounds and avert their eyes at team meetings, or they could push past it. Tony had marched up to Steve - when he’d showed up with a duffle bag and nowhere else to stay - and said, “I don’t like you, personally, but that’s neither here nor there. The Avengers need Captain America and I’m glad you’re here.” He’d held his hand out to shake, and Steve had taken it.
Steve’s shield bounced down the street, taking down alien after alien before returning to his hand. Tony swooped around behind him. Landing at his back and spraying repulsor fire at the oncoming horde.
Tony whimpered, needing to curl up against the overwhelming wave of sensation but unable to in Steve’s iron grip.
And if Steve’s reason was the same reason Tony had said yes to three weeks travelling Europe to give conference talks, well, Steve couldn’t blame him. If he’d been invited to leave, he would have too.
Steve took a deep breath. "Okay. Thank you." He pulled Tony in for another kiss and walked to get his tattered coat and put it on. Tony had commented a lot on Steve not letting him buy him new things but Steve was always persistent on not wanting any luxury from Tony.
"Which one is your favorite, buddy? What do you wanna watch?" Tony asked.
"You left us no choice, darling. Now what's it gonna be?"
"Too much?" Tony frowned.
Steve shook his head. "I'll pass."
Steve giggled and placed his hand on Tony's knee. "A walk and ice cream wouldn't hurt."
"But why? I mean, you're Tony Stark, y'know?"
Tony sighed, acting defeated. "Fine." He grumbled and picked up his fork to continue with his dinner, making Peter chuckle.
"Yes, that's right, honey." Steve agreed.
"So... you come here often?" And yeah, Tony was gonna kick himself in the nuts for that one. Because, really?
"I was... just..." Steve shrugged, shaking his head, not meeting Tony's eyes.
"People."
. "I don't wanna hold you up, your assistant said you were busy."
"I can't thank you enough for everything you are for me and for Peter. I don't think I have the right words, or enough words to even begin to explain what you are to us, to me. You matter so much to me. And I know there have been some... Some insecurities that made me think- made me suspect something different of you intentions but, Tony... I have never felt so sure about anyone, ever. And in such a short amount of time.
"Yes, please. I love ice cream. Daddy loves ice cream too. A lot. Daddy says sweet things are the best."
Thank you so much for the comments and kudos. <3
He saw Steve close his mouth, his eyes finally moving to look at his own lap. His cheek was now cold, the contact was lost. Steve had pulled his hand back. At that moment, Tony felt like he was confined to a small, empty room that had the walls closing in on him.
"Leave the poor guy alone. He doesn't need you interfering in his life. Drive, Happy."
Steve, albeit with a little hesitation, climbed onto the bed, perching the pillows at the head of the bed. Tony went to his side of the bed, settling in comfortably. He could feel the tension in Steve's body, could practically feel it knocking him out of the bed.
Steve put his son down on the bed and tucked him in. He set pillows around him as Tony dug through the luggage and pulled out a fresh set of clothes for them both. They put them on and Steve looked at Tony, a raised brow and approaching smirk. "Isn't that my shirt?"
"It is?" There was a squeak there, though Tony would deny it.
"Okay. Say 'bye', Petey."
"Everything okay?" Steve asked.
"Would not wanna traumatize the poor baby."
He couldn't bare the devastated look on Steve's face, even if the other man was doing a great job at hiding it, Tony will give him credit for that. But, no. Not in this household. Not under Tony's roof. Not when Tony can rid him of the sorrow with just three words. Three very truthful, genuine words.
“They’ve been dating for weeks now.”
“I still have a scar from when Marty Anderson got mad that I was winning and threw the box at me.” He pushed his hair back and Nat bent over him to inspect the spot above his temple. She poked it with one delicate finger.
Tags: Morning After, Friends with Benefits, Fuckers to Feelings, Love Confession, Anxiety
Steve swallowed down the knot forming in his throat. “Are you sure?”
"If you enter that arena, they'll strip you of your powers," Tony said, heart clenching. He longed to reach out and take Steve's hand.
Universe: EMH
Steve half shrugged and knocked back a large gulp of his drink. “It’s fine.”
to stop, to help Steve find a way out of here, but all he could do was shift and groan and beg and shake.
Tony watched, stomach flipping with affection, as Steve bent down to trade the drink for a kiss from Bucky. And at exactly the same moment, a helicopter whined through the sky, swooping low over the island. Tony swore and ducked back underwater until it had rounded the beach and disappeared.
"Then I'm staying."
The next time Tony woke up, he had a tiny leg over his chest. It took a moment for him to register the reason behind it. He cracked his eyes open, still squinting, thank JARVIS who had made sure to dim the intensity of the sunlight seeping inside. He made sure to make his movements be as subtle as possible, not to wake up the toddler. When he turned his face to his other side, he faced by an already awake Steve, smiling softly.
Tony took the biggest sigh he had ever taken. Bigger than that time when he handed in the project blueprint to his dad when he was seventeen exactly two minutes before the old man had declared his deadline. And things were never fine when father dear wasn't given what he wanted, specially for Tony.
Tony had taken Steve on multiple dates since the first. And it is fair to say that Steve had enjoyed every single one of them, which meant Tony was really proud to have pulled it off and incredibly pleased with Steve's worthwhile reactions.
"I have aligned the photographs from their ID's with their files, sir."
Tony was glad he planned this. When he saw that huge smile spread over Steve's face, he knew he did something right by the man. He just knew he wanted to make this man as happy as he could so he could forget about his problems. And just be happy. Content.
Steve nodded again and Tony leaned in and joined their lips. Steve's lips were chapped from all the crying. But that didn't matter. He could feel Steve's breathing was still unsteady so he kept it chaste and simple. The least he could do before overwhelming Steve.
Peter giggled at the title. "I have jammies just like that one, don't I, daddy?"
"Yes, boss." He could hear the amusement in her voice, along with affection. Pepper was an amazing PA. Really.
The next morning, while eating breakfast, Peter was told of the proposal. Needless to say, the child was extremely ecstatic over moving into the tower. "I can live with JARVIS and Dum-E!"
"Betrayal."
Steve jerked his head up to see Tony walking towards him. He quickly lowered his head and wiped his tears, too late for that because the image was already burning in Tony's head.
"Kinda hard to miss a guy being dragged across the sidewalk." Steve grinned a little.
"Not a dress. But three dresses." Tony showed three fingers to Peter who focused on the figures now rather than his face.
"Ferociously. Vigorously." That got Steve to laugh. Tony smiled at the man, pulling back just enough to be able to see his whole face. He moved his hand to brush the fingers through the blond hair. "Passionately." He whispered. "I love you. I know some might consider it being too early for that but I do. Very much."
Tony frowned his brows, smile still on his face, shook his head. "No," he whispered. "Every sight has it's own merits. That was beautiful because you had your mom with you."
"You said yes." Tony said, parting their mouths, his face still between Steve's hands.
"Get up, Tony."
"Thank you. Thank you." Steve cupped Tony's face for a soft kiss. "Okay so he needs to sleep by eight. He was to sleep by seven but I figured I'd let it slide tonight. And please give him a bottle of warm milk? And I don't have his tooth brush but make sure he rinses his mouth before bed. And wash his face too. And make sure he pees before bed too. And then give him the blue blankie from the bag to help him sleep. Change him into his pj's. If he complains about his Dino then just remind him that he promised to sleep without it tonight. Read him the story book to sleep, please. It's in the bag as well. Okay? And, what else? Uh-"
"And is that ever a game we're not playing now!" Tony said, bouncing Anthony on his hip. "Do you know the game we
It was hard, getting used to Anthony being in another room, but they’d both agreed that the best way to get him settled in the new place was to have him sleeping alone from day one. If they both spent several hours of the first night sitting just out of sight in the hallway, well that was no one’s business but their own.
"Oh, yes of course. With the band."
“And you have.” Steve smirked. “But not until your forties. Guess some things do take time.”
They hit Anthony's room next, Anthony pressing his hand over his mouth and stage-whispering, "Shhhh," to both his parents. Tony looked at Steve and he shrugged. Apparently, this had become a stealth mission. Steve crept in behind his son, Tony's hand on his lower back. They found Anthony's Glow Duck - a large, plastic toy duck with a light inside. It burned through batteries at a shocking rate, but this time, Steve was grateful it didn't plug in. They also found Anthony's soft duck, his lion, and his skunk - all the current favourites. Anthony filled Steve's arms with everything then grabbed his blankie. They headed back to the living room, Tony walking behind Anthony so he could hold up the edge of his blankie and keep him from tripping, like a king with a servant to hold up his cloak.
"Well, I'm afraid you're going to have to leave then, sir. If you don't have a prior arrangement with -"
“What?”
Tony was in Cooper’s room, Steve knew that much, and it wasn’t hard to find with a little wooden sign on the door, a train with each letter of Cooper’s name a separate car. Steve pressed his ear to the door. He could hear snoring inside, so someone was asleep. It wasn’t Tony though; Tony didn’t snore at all. But if Cooper was asleep, there was no way for Steve to find out if Tony was up without potentially waking Cooper as well. And that wasn’t fair. A shiver rippled down Steve’s spine. It was cold in this big, drafty farmhouse at night.
Tony took one last look then dropped the chart in the bucket by the door and stepped away, typing out a message to Dr. Cho admitting he’d stolen another ER patient.
“Tony…”
But it wasn’t true. He’d built a life here, one brick at a time, and that was the true terror of his nightmare. He’d finally managed a family again, finally found love and friendship in his life again, and it could just as easily be ripped away from him, as it had before. He was the perfect soldier, and the perfect soldier gave his life for his cause, right? Seve had done so, over and over, and yet he knew he’d be asked to again, and he didn’t know if he could.
They put it back in four more times before the middle was cooked, their clothes increasingly rumpled each time, but by then, the outer edges were so dark brown they were almost black, and they were rock hard when Steve tapped them with his finger. “This doesn’t seem right.”
Sometimes, flying commercial is worth it.
Rated: M
“Yeah.”
I got a bit cheeky with the prompt and did no power at the tower! :D This is a fic that's been half finished since 2017!! So thank you to the games for the kick in the butt to finish it!
“She’s three months old, she has no idea what we’re talking about. Besides, you said ‘shit.’”
[11:36] Steve: I can’t wait to hear your voice.
This was all he'd ever wanted, and now he had it; how they got here was irrelevant. Steve was his now, close and hot and strong, and
Rated: T
[12:21] Steve: I’m going to call you.
Steve went over the ingredients and they carefully measured everything out and added it to the bowl. The eggs went in unbeaten, to Steve’s dismay, but Bucky, smacked his hand away when he tried to stir them up on top of the mixture.
Tony laughed. “Okay, fair point.” He yawned then stretched, rubbing an acre of skin against Steve’s side. Anthony, on Steve’s chest, copied the movement, reaching his arms up high and his legs out long, before settling again with a soft sigh. Steve’s heart swelled in his chest. He bent down and pressed a long kiss to Anthony’s warm head, breathing in his unique scent - baby powder and… that indescribable toddler smell, like fresh bread. Steve was sure he would never get enough of that.
“That someone would just push you?”
Tony kissed Steve again, smacking as loudly as possible. “You know it.”
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “Huh. I actually believe you. Mostly, because I’ve never seen you look this murderous when Jan’s with Hank. What is it, then?”
“You’ve done such a good job,” Steve whispered, somehow flat under him and whispering in his ear at the same time. “You’re so good, Tony. It’s okay for you to rest.”
"Oh, yeah?"
Tony’s cheeks are pink from frustration and exertion and his eyes are bright and narrowed. The arm holding the puppy cradles it softly against his chest even as the other gestures wildly to support his words.
Tony had seen some pictures from Steve's childhood, and he was happy to know that the feeble kid had a support.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's just," Steve continued. "It's all so beautiful. When... When I was a kid, me and ma would go to our building's roof, we used to sneak up there 'cause no one was allowed there. And we used to look at the stars. We didn't see many of them, but that didn't matter. It was our little secret."
"Already done, sir." JARVIS said. "Ms Potts requested for Mr Hogan to be on time."
"Eat food." Peter said, logically.
"Hey!" Steve grabbed Peter from his armpits and raised him above his head. "How's my baby? Did you have fun?" It was like all the exhaustion Tony could witness a second ago was gone. He brought Peter down and sat him on his lap.
He suddenly stopped his stride towards his car and couldn't blink. Pepper unknowingly kept walking. Upon reaching the car, she noticed Tony's absence beside her. She turned around to see the man, standing like a damn statue in the middle of the sidewalk.
Soon enough they reached the place. Tony got out first and Peter eagerly followed him. They had developed some weird friendship as they wouldn't shut up throughout the whole ride. Steve joined in from time to time but he let them do all the talking. Tony didn't know why but he did try to make him smile repeatedly.
"Coming where?" Tony's eyebrows raised.
Tony took him back to the bedroom and placed him on the middle of the bed. He went to his closet and took off his own clothes to replace them with his own pajamas. When he came back out, Peter was already a few sips away from finishing the bottle. He fetched the story book from Peter's bag and went to the bed.
Peter frowned and then looked at his father for help. "Go on, Petey. You're his number one buddy, you know that." He whispered the last, imitating Peter. Peter looked wary.
While Tony had never been in the position, and no matter how heartless he was depicted by the media, he understood how hard it must be the parents. He had the means, so why not help out. Pepper had mentioned about visiting that place after the orphanage while in the car on their way there. Tony figured why not. Two birds, one stone, and all that.
They lounged on the same chairs Peter had slept on not long ago, Steve made sure to keep the baby monitor near. After their snack, they just lazed there, not wanting to do anything.
He was pretty sure he needed something to eat so he went to the pretzel guy he saw. He dug out his wallet as he gave an order for one.
"Uh, Peter and I are right over here," He pointed behind him. "We were playing catch. Um..."
, and it was beautiful. "Well, I want a bit more than a kiss."
"You're quite small. It's easy."
"Fine. I'll have one scoop, though."
Tony did not know what to do. They didn't have each others number so Tony could call the whole thing off. He could get the number, like he did the name, but he had sworn off that tactic.
When they pulled apart, Steve still grabbing Tony face from the sides, resting their foreheads together, both of them breathing heavily.
"Yes!" Peter exclaimed. Tony got it out and on the counter, brought the orange juice out as well. Steve soon put the stack of pancakes in front of them. "I want five!"
He did
"I think you're going over to make a move on that poor guy over there." She said, pointing at the guy.
Peter squealed and clapped his hand and reached for the water to splash it. "His first time in the water." Steve said, with a soft smile on his face, already recording on his phone.
Steve shook his head. "I've been. This morning. Early. Bucky was here for Pete while I... yeah. He had to leave for work so..."
The second day went by just like that, all relaxed and filled with love and kisses.
"Peggy." Steve whispered.
Tony did, in fact, stared at the blush that spread across Steve's face at the the nickname and he just loved it. He decided that the nicknames are going to stay.
"Don't suppose I'll see you around, then?" If Steve had a tiny ounce of brain, and wasn't a cheating pig, which Tony desperately was praying for, he should've picked up Tony's approach by now.
"He okay?"
Steve face grew soft, smile leaving his face though. "That was really cheesy of you," and he swallowed. "I love you. A lot."
"We were. We are, honey."
"Ready for ice cream, buddy?" Tony asked Peter.
"Daddy?" A small voice came from beside Tony's neck.
"I'm not moving till you tell what's bothering you."
"I'm really sorry about putting you in that position over there." Tony said.
"He was asking for it! You can't blame me for it." Steve defended himself.
One thing his father forgot to mention to Tony, while being the wonderful mentor that he was, was that money wouldn't buy him happiness. In fact, what he taught him was the exact opposite. He was taught to wear, use, buy the most expensive things as it would impress others, and thus be able to assert the silent dominance. One of his father's craves.
"Boring. Peter, do you know your daddy's favorite flavor?"
Steve leaned down, a smirk on his face, bringing his face only a centimeter away from Tony's. They could feel each other's breaths on themselves. Steve could see Tony's pupils dilate and Tony was astounded at how Steve just did not blush. At all.
The smoke cleared, and at first Tony's heart stopped when Steve wasn't there. But then he saw him, curled up on the ground in an impossibly tiny ball. What had that spell done to him?
Tony spun again, eyes on his jewel-encrusted cape as it spread out behind him. “I - wow.” He stopped spinning in front of Steve, eyes going wide. “Thank you, Steve. Honest. I’m - wow. I can’t believe I’m really going to the ball. Stane won’t find out?”
Tony bounced the baby on his hip as he walked back to the bedroom. “What? You offering? Now? I mean, sure, sweetheart, but let me slip into something a little less comfortable.” He shook his hips and the oversized t-shirt he’d been sleeping in for the last few weeks wobbled back and forth. The large, glittery panda on the front was probably what had Bucky’s motor running more than anything.
“Ah, right. You think we should all do one-on-one sparring sessions.”
Steve’s cock throbbed against Tony’s lip, and Tony groaned and shuddered.
Back at the tower, it took three scans from JARVIS and six increasingly panicked phone calls to various organizations to determine that the spell would wear off in a few hours and Steve should regain his super strength. During all of it, Steve sat sulkily on the exam table in tower medical and shook his head every time anyone tried to talk to him or touch him. He wouldn't make eye contact with Tony.
The tentacles forced Tony down again and his throat spasmed around Steve’s cock, milking precome from the tip. He was so hard and buzzing with stimulation. It wouldn’t take much. Tony started sucking and licking, rubbing under the head with the swell of his tongue, swallowing and massaging Steve. They were bound in position, unable to move, but Tony did everything he could to suck Steve off, and -
"Hey." Steve's hips still rocked back and forth, guided by the creatures, but it was slow and easy and not quite building to something yet. "You okay?"
“Come on… you’re a good boy, aren’t you?” Tony’s eyes twinkled. “I trust you.”
It took a moment of gawking for Steve to realize that the music hadn’t stopped; it was coming from the gorgeous piano.
“I have to go to class,” he mumbled, cheeks pink again. “But this was really nice. Thank you.”
Flirting, arm wrestling, happy team.
Steve shuffled, his cheeks so brightly pink that they glowed in the soft lights from the sprawling buildings beneath them. “My present, for you. It’s stupid, so I didn’t want to do it in front of everyone.”
he says again, with feeling.
There’s also a tendency, amongst those Steve is fondest of, to throw themselves whole hog into things without reservation or even, really, a modicum of self-preservation.
“I said no.”
They met in the doorway, Steve’s arms wrapping around Tony’s shoulders, Tony’s around Steve’s waist. They burrowed in each other and stayed there for a long moment. “I miss you too much to sleep apart.”
So far, his days at BU were about the same as MIT, though today was a little lower, but that could be attributed to the weather.
Steve's experiment continued all semester. Tony wasn't his only repeat customer, but he was the only one that Steve knew by name, and the only one who sunk into Steve's hugs for a full breath, arms tight around his waist and face pressed into his chest. Tony seemed to
Challenge: Fandom's Favourites
Soft, music, love.
Tony struggled in Steve’s steel-hard grip. “Steve -”
Steve’s blood ran cold.
This is for an anon on tumblr!
Steve cut off with a groan and pressed deep inside Tony, pumping him full.
Winteriron. Mentions of (poly) Stony and Steggy.
A rustling wind chime drew Tony’s attention, and he slipped out the front door to follow the soft noise. A gentle breeze ruffled his hair. It smelled like summer out here, all the time. It was kind of amazing, really. There was nothing but fields, and trees, and vast emptiness as far as the eye could see, which, granted, wasn’t as far as usual in the pressing dark. But it was still soothingly quiet, devoid of aliens and wormholes and HYDRA weapons and teenagers who could turn your brain inside out.
"Captain…" JARVIS said, in a confused tone that sounded completely out of place for the AI.
Steve tried to smile. “Amazing.” He twisted his wand between his fingers. “You’ll catch the prince’s attention, no doubt.”
Tony looked up from rearranging the honey jars to figure out where the curse had come from, but movement by his legs caught his attention and he looked down towards his feet. "Oh. Captain America is under my booth."
To: c.everhart@wwn.com
Tony tried to stay awake, he really did.
“What year is it? How long - how long was I gone?”
Steve could see the moment it hit him, when the humour of earlier wore off in the face of suddenly aging thirty years in a single heartbeat. He could see the disappointment Tony tried to hide, the slight shake to his breath, the way his jaw clenched while he stared resolutely at his hands.
Steve leans in and cups Tony’s cheek with his hand, startling a gasp out of him. Tony’s eyes go wide, and he swallows heavily. Steve strokes his thumb across Tony’s cheek, smearing mud everywhere, and then he kisses him.
Right. That was his name. Tony nodded slowly. “Yes… it’s Mark.”
They started the set with a single long note from the sax, then Sam came in on the keyboard and they were off. The bouncy rhythm was uplifting and invigorating, and by the time Nat opened her mouth and her beautiful voice rolled out, all eyes were already on stage.
Tony turned around in front of the mirror, eyes fixed on himself. “So weird.” Then he turned to Steve. “So what do you think?”
Fluff, established relationship, humour, cuddling for warmth.
“Steve! You have to go to prom with me!”
Steve was rock hard, stretching Tony's ass wider than the tentacles had. He could feel every inch of him, even with the thin tendril wrapped around his cock, working both of them mercilessly.
“Really like him… yeah.” Tony folded his arms over the table and dropped his forehead down on top of them. Talk about understatement of the year.
“Ugh,” Steve moaned. “Go away.”
"Am I off base here?" Steve asked. "In thinking there's something…?"
He rounded the corner and his skin heated at the sight of the soft glow from the art store’s lights. It was pavlov’s blush at this point. But Tony’s heart sank when he sidled up in front of the store and found the display already changed, the chalkboard advertising 20% off everything they’d featured over the past two weeks, a collection of art and supplies filling the window. But no Hot Window Guy. Tony checked his phone - 6:30pm. For whatever reason, he’d done the window early tonight.
Steve swallowed down the litany of moans spilling from Tony's mouth, nipping at his bottom lip with likely too-sharp teeth, but need was making him rough and wild. His hips rocked without encouragement from the tentacles now, thrusting deep into Tony's welcoming heat. The slick mess from Tony's last orgasm smeared on his stomach, but he didn't care. All he could think about was finding release again, giving Tony what he was begging for again. He had no idea how long they'd been here, but that didn't matter either. They could stay forever.
"Is everything alright?" Steve appeared in the doorway, in nothing but a towel, his wet hair plastered to his face. "Oh, hi, Tony. I thought you were out all night."
“Thor, what’s wrong?” Steve asked, sitting up. He was still muggy with sleep.
Steve stretched up and looked down at his new husband’s beautiful face, framed in the crisp white sheets and glowing with the soft blue of the arc reactor. “Yeah, maybe,” he admitted with a grin, “but what a way to go.”
“He’s a jerk. But I love him.” Tony watched the puppy come back out of the water and shake violently, the tennis ball clamped in his mouth. He ran back to Tony and dropped it at his feet. “Good boy, Hurricane. Here you go!” He threw it again.
And there was his love, Tony, sitting on the couch of the workshop in the dim light of evening. But he wasn’t pining over his lost chances, instead he was sitting next to Steve Rogers! Argh!
Challenge: Wayback Machine ("I hope no one kissed me")
Steve laughed. "Yeah, yeah."
“Hey.” The man waved - the man Steve instantly recognized. Tony Stark. CEO of Stark Industries. Owner of the warehouse Steve was currently, illegally, painting on.
Tony pointed towards two plates he’d taken. “So… what’s your type? Cheesecake or cinnamon bun?"
Subject TS-616 exhibits heightened arousal with presence of additional subject (SR-616). Production of oxytocin and vasopressin have increased as well (see chart IK-3984). Note: both subjects were collected from the same location. Chemical makeup suggests the possibility of a pair bond present already, or in progress. This would skew results.
- then getting up before I’m awake. Three days. No more! You. Me. We need to talk.”
This is for bardingbeedle for her birthday - HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYY <33333
“There were kids.”
"Yeah." Tony groaned and tipped forward to press his forehead against Steve's chest, softening when Steve's arms wrapped around him. "I love you so much, and I know we are good without him, happy and enough and all that, but I was just really hoping… We finally found someone we both want, and he seemed to want us back, but - ugh."
“So a normal Saturday night for you?”
It had been hard, at first, to deal with their discomfort around each other, and then hard again, later, when they drifted into fast friends and Steve couldn’t help but feel a bit jealous. But happiness for their happiness overwhelmed that quickly, and both men made a clear effort to make sure Steve didn’t feel left behind. After the awkward transition period, it became all about watching the soap opera unfold and wondering if and when they were finally going to figure their shit out.
The dog wolfed down the shrimp then turned bright, expectant eyes on Tony again. Tony distracted Steve with egg rolls and kisses and they spent the next hour working their way through the food, ranking each dish, and planning out where they were going to put their kitchen appliances. Steve pretended not to notice Tony sneaking the dog more scraps behind his back.
“Okay.”
For my Free square of STB bingo
“This is amazing, Tony! Wow! Did you see that bird?”
Steve’s brow creased. “No?” He chuckled. “What’s going to be our problem?”
Steve swallowed the knot down that had formed in his throat and stepped forward as the elevator doors slid open. He needed to start letting himself think that: Tony was his ex. They’d barely spoken since after their break-up. If he kept avoiding it, it would just hit him at the worst possible times.
Tony waited until Steve shuffled up to his side then led him into the kitchen. “I ordered breakfast,” he tried again.
Subject TS-616 appears to be a sound candidate for the study. Body modifications are present (see chart YI-3975). It's unknown if these are standard. Note: compare to second subject.
Tags: ID Porn, Angst with a Happy Ending
Bucky waited until Tony ducked down behind his makeshift wall and then he bolted. Buck ran at top speed across the snow then twisted around behind Tony’s defenses and let loose with an absolute barrage of snowballs.
“Mmm, that explains why my toes are ice cubes.”
He swiped again then squinted at the screen. A distinctly familiar face filled his screen, wearing dark sunglasses and sporting a carefully trimmed goatee. Instead of a name, he'd just written "You know who I am." The bio was empty and there were no other pictures.
Tony huffed and grabbed a corner of a quilt, tugging until Steve rolled over towards him and released one end of it. Tony pressed up against him, trying to tuck the quilt around himself, but his feet stuck out and no manner of tugging, wiggling, or begging was giving him any more blanket.
was snaking up out of it, reaching for Tony.
his mom had said to him, every time he’d asked what it was like.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing happened. I just… I was there and it was amazing! All this gorgeous food, and beautiful clothes. And… and Prince Ty asked me to dance. And I just…”
Tags: Minor Injury, Mild Descriptions of Injury/Blood, Boo-Boos, Parental Fear, Family Love
Square: Charity Gala
"I -" The kid's eyes cut away to the passing crowd then back to Steve. Steve gestured him in. He clearly wanted a hug, but his cheeks were pinking under his dark sunglasses. Steve's smile seemed to do it for him, finally. He shrugged and stepped closer, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist. Steve hugged his shoulders, pulling him close and giving him an extra squeeze. "Uh. Thanks, I guess," the guy said, as he hiked his bags up again and hurried off.
“No problem.”
Tony dropped a hand to his shoulder and squeezed lightly as he walked out, leaving the man and his kid in the capable hands of the ER nurses.
But Steve was cold now, so he tugged Tony closer and pressed his chilled nose to the back of his neck. Tony mumbled something intelligible, but he burrowed closer instead of pulling away. For the eighth morning in a row, Steve tried to talk himself into getting up and going for a run, and for the eighth morning in a row, he easily talked himself out of it. It was already almost 6:30 which meant Anthony would be up soon, and going for a run would leave Tony to handle the morning on his own. He also had no idea which box he’d packed his running shoes in, and rummaging around in the spare room would wake both Tony and Anthony.
“Yup.”
Steve reached out and ran his fingers over the back of the armour’s metal finger. He could feel the ridge from each articulated plate, flexible yet melded so seamlessly together. Iron Man looked down at him in the dark of Tony’s empty workshop, expressionless.
"I know -" Steve broke off with a gasp as one of the tentacles worked it's slick point down the curve of his ass to test the rim of his hole.
“Of course,” Steve waved deferentially. “I can’t sleep anyway. I was going to go grab a glass of water.”
Acquisitions reports a second subject has been selected and is currently being transported.
“But what about me?” Steve whined.
Tony laughed and Steve eventually stopped looking horrified and managed a smile too.
It was inevitable, wasn't it? That Tony would find himself in Steve's arms. It was perfect.
Cooper did indeed snore. Tony stared up at the underside of the bunk between them, rough, grating noises filling the room. He wondered if Clint had put him here as some kind of punishment or if it was that he knew Tony wouldn’t be sleeping tonight anyway, so he might as well get the shitty roomate.
“Did you have a nice time on our date tonight?”
“Go. Away,” Steve growled. “I don’t want you here.”
Thank you to tumblr user aanioru who wanted to see sick Anthony. We had this one planned before prompts as well, so hopefully, it's still what you were looking for. This one's for you! <3
Steve shook his head, chuckling. “Alright then.” He started fiddling with his mic.
Time would stop erasing anything from Tony Stark.
"Stop accusing me of taking the roomba into my workshop and giving it superpowers."
Steve sighed, his ears heating. "Sorry," he muttered.
“What if I overbeat it?”
From: theboss@hammertime.net
But then, something strong but supple wrapped around his ankle in an unbreakable hold and
"Oh no." Steve turned huge puppy-dog eyes on Tony. "I'm really flattered. This is all a bit overwhelming, but I'm really happy to get to know you, Tony. Looks like I was the one who figured out time travel instead, so I could come meet you. I'm glad you were the one who found me."
Challenge: AI Takeover: "Another silent question"
Tony was quiet for a long time, the phone a dead weight in his pocket. Just as heavy, was the unsent message he had drafted to the one number saved in its contacts. “I know.”
Steve tugged, and Tony ended up flush against his chest. They kissed, both smiling enough that it was more tooth than lip, and Natasha couldn’t help smiling too. Their love seemed to expand to fill whatever space they were put in, and it was exceedingly nice to float in it alongside them, warm and happy. They’d taken this team and turned it into a family. A family that was about to get a tiny bit bigger.
The second thing was:
Steve heard shuffling by the door, and Tony appeared, typing on his phone. Steve turned back to Thor. “You can borrow mine.”
“I think you need to beat the eggs before you add them.” Steve frowned at the back of the box. “It doesn’t say.”
The circumstances of their coming together didn't seem to matter anymore. Tony had Steve in his arms, between his legs, pressing deep inside him. His pleasure kept rising and peaking over and over until it was nothing more than a blur of need and release. Even Steve's thumb brushing along Tony's finger felt like fireworks going off under his skin.
Steve twisted his hands together, looking like the nervous kid in the elevator all over again. “I… struggle a bit, sometimes, in the future,” he admitted quietly. “Growing up I had Bucky, and then in the army, the Commandos. We were all really close, touchy. We’d collapse in a big pile at the end of the day and take comfort in one another. You could hug and kiss your friends more easily back then, or maybe I just found it easier to be close friends with people. But I don’t really get touched since I was thawed.”
“Plus the top layer was about to fall off anyway.”
Tony gazed into Bucky's eyes, his hands cupping his cheeks. "I love you," he whispered. He leaned in and stole a kiss, heart pounding, and Bucky's arms wrapped around his waist.
Tony looked up from his book at the shuffle of lazy footsteps coming down the hall. He smiled when Captain America appeared, in all his Yummy Sushi pajama glory, eyes still half-shut and a pout staying firmly fixed to his face.
Far too close to the ground, firm metal arms wrapped around him and jerked him back up into the air. “Jesus,” Tony snapped out. “A little warning next time?”
Tony thought it was probably a good sign. A scary sign, but a good one nonetheless. And Tony didn't find himself complaining once about it on his way back to the tower. Neither did he fight the smile that just would not leave his face alone.
"Nonsense. He was an angel and he demands a little more snooze time. And so do I. And I bet so do you. Don't you?"
"Because Tony made daddy really confused for a while by keeping this all a surprise. So I'm gonna tease him for a while."
He kept sitting on the bench watching people, families enjoying themselves, kids running around. Must be nice, he thought. He never had such a memory to adore.
This is what happiness felt like, this is what happiness was. The genuine feeling like nothing could bring you down, that you had a constant support, that for a moment you couldn't care less of the world around you or beyond because everything that mattered to you for that moment was right there in your arms.
Steve adjusted Peter, making sure the pretzel didn't fall. "I don't know. If you're here next Saturday around the same time, maybe."
Guess the day must begin now.
"I don't know." Tony mumbled. Now that he knew the man's name, Steven Grant Rogers, he didn't know what to do with the information. The name wasn't the only bit of information he now had on the guy, there was a whole file on him, and suddenly Tony felt guilt pinching his heart.
"And I love you. Don't ever think you're alone. Not when I'm around."
"Why are you wearing a suit in a park?" The kid tilted his head to the side in confusion.
Steve looked at him then like Tony held the universe in his hands. Like he had every answer to every one of his queries. Like he could protect Steve from everything. Tony's heart burst a thousand times in that one moment. But, damn all, he will do anything Steve wants him to do.
Steve sighed deeply, exasperated. "Did I really sleep with you last night?"
The guy was approaching the daycare, probably to drop off the kid, Tony thought. A genius, he was.
"You heard that, J?"
Tony leaned in to kiss but Steve quickly pulled away. Before Tony could even think of anything, Steve spoke. "I'm all snotty right now." He wiped his face with his hands.
"Yeah, I'm sorry. Daddy said you don't wear suits for fun time. Park is fun time." Wow, the Peter kid was adorable. Tony could actually see the contrite look in his wide, brown eyes.
Peter giggled and pushed Tony's face away. Tony grabbed both of his hands and leaned forward again. "Sleepy head." Tony pressed a kiss on Peter's head.
"Stevie, sweetheart, it's fine. It's no big deal."
Steve brought Peter to the edge of the water and even though the child was a bit hesitant, he put on a brave face and brought his arms forwards for Tony to pick him. Steve grabbed Peter and carefully gave him to Tony.
"After Peter." Steve nodded. "And he is really fond of you. I don't want you to go."
"Yeah. Yeah, Happy, just fine. Um, park near for a while in case I wanna retreat almost immediately, okay, pal?"
"You're the brother I'm after, darling. Don't worry."
"Mind showing me in the bedroom?" Steve mumbled against his lips, in between the kissing.
"I mean, I wouldn't say no to you being handsome either, just so you know." Steve muttered, just as Peter came to him raised his arms up to be held.
Tony looked over himself and then to the ball and noticed both the ball and his shirt were the same shade of blue. How about that?
"Well, I wasn't gonna have you both starve here, now was I? So what do you want?"
"Oh, honey, you take that back. You take that back." Tony climbed over Steve who fell back on the floor trying to get away, now chuckling. "You take it back. You look beautiful."
"Okay so which one are you, pretty boy?"
"Oh. Yeah, no, I'm here. So what's up?"
"Stick around, you'll know soon enough."
For anon for my bday prompt party!
His initial urge was to run away, hide, shove himself somewhere where no one -where
“Oh no you don’t.” Bucky stood between Tony and the fridge. He lifted the edge of the box then nodded over it at Steve. “It’s perfect.”
“So why are you burning a hole through the back of Stark’s head with your eyes?”
Tony sat down opposite him and started to eat, even though all he wanted was a drink. Maybe Steve would start modelling behaviour. Maybe he was a terrible person to model off of. “Sleep okay?”
“Late night?” Tony asked.
“You saved me, I’m okay.” Tony burrowed into Steve’s neck. He was huge and warm and wrapped all around him, closer than the blanket. “Maybe next time we should use a codeword instead of you ripping my heart to shreds, though. Just a suggestion.”
And that's all, folks! (Keep an eye out for maybe some bonus art from tina in the future 👀). Hope you had fun; we had a BLAST making this! Thanks for reading <3
A soft footstep startled Steve up from his musings. He spun around and found Tony standing there, his cape balled up in his arms and both shoes missing. His bare feet were wet and covered with grass, his buttons half undone and his hair wild. He was breathing hard like he’d been running, but it was still long before his expected return at midnight.
“Going west?” the guy asked, teeth chattering around the words, and Steve nodded.
See baby!Tony/Ant in the Iron Man sleeper
Steve snuggled down deeper in his squishy armchair, tugging the polar fleece blanket back in place when it slipped off his feet. A fire crackled in the fireplace at his side, warming him from tip to toe, and outside the window, Steve could see nothing but a vast field of white, ending with white-topped evergreen trees that lined the lane to the compound.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. I always do. Still think it’s easier to have them shipped in by the crateful but…”
Tags: Break Up, Ambiguous Ending, AU
Tony grinned. “I have very expensive malpractice insurance, but I’m totally worth it.”
“It isn’t,” Tony insisted. “It’s just right.” And he reached out and took Steve’s hand. He uncurled Steve’s fingers, lay the watch in his hold, then folded them closed again. “Please take it. I like the thought of you having it.” Steve’s skin gave off a tiny spark as they brushed fingers and Tony felt it zigzag like a lightning bolt down to his heart, stealing one of its beats.
“Tony!” Steve’s face broke into a grin.
"I don't want to ruin our friendship," Bucky gasped out, and Tony rounded on him, anger flashing in his eyes.
Their boyfriend?
(Originally
Steve gripped his glass tighter. He wished the alcohol would have an effect on him, but instead it was just making him feel a little dehydrated. If he had to smile at one more damn person and pretend he was alright, he was going to scream.
This is set between the end of Trouble and Little Bits: Chapter Eight
The sight of Steve covered in Tony's come was almost enough to smack him right over the edge again, but the sheer humiliation of their position kept him from tumbling off entirely. "Oh god, I'm so sorry," Tony groaned, more arousal than embarrassment wavering through his voice.
Steve tapped his pen on the crossword in front of him, jiggling his leg in time with his taps. He glanced at the clock again. It was quarter after eight. Tony was supposed to pick him up for their da-
“And I do have one of those mesh hats, I just don’t need it. They don’t sting me much at all anymore and the serum means I hardly feel it.” Steve’s eyes lit up with a kind of glow Tony hadn’t seen in them before. “They make honey, Tony! Avengers honey! Nat’s going to help me get set up to sell it online for charity.”
A muffled sound came back from the bedroom, and Tony set a squirming Ant on the floor to follow it.
He tried to stay awake….
Starkbucks bingo square: I4 "Just this once, okay?"
Tony’s hand in his made Steve knot up with apprehension. Tony felt so breakable in his hold - there was no way he was going to win, and Clint might be right, Steve could break his arm. “Are you sure?” Steve asked.
“We have to order from all three,” Steve finished with a pout.
would have been all the way at the bottom of the list. And yet… that was exactly where he was headed.
They were just settling down to a meeting when an ear-splitting hissing noise broke through the calm quiet. Clint leapt to his feet. “No, no, no!” He ran into the kitchen and the others got up to follow him.
"Hello?"
“They look like blobs.”
“Getting married.”
Steve twisted around to watch Tony as they were parted, only to soon meet again, in combat. “I don’t either,” Steve said, “but it’s fight or die.” His jaw clenched. “I’ll see you on the other side.”
“I’ll marry you,” Tony replied tartly. “I’ll marry you the very second you agree that the perfect song for our first dance is Star Spangled Man with A Plan.”
After an hour, he could hear Bucky starting to get ready for work, and he wished he'd thought to put on a record to block it out. He waited for Bucky to leave so he could go out and find something to eat, but instead of the front door opening and closing, there was a knock on Steve's bedroom door.
stop calling me that? Tony.”
"I'd be delighted to. Sushi?"
Thanks to ashy for beta!
“I’m offering,” Tony said. “You didn’t ask. But I’m really grateful and…” he leaned in and breathed warm air on Steve’s cheek. “I’m really, really good.”
And yet… they’d agreed to this trip. A week on Tony’s private island in the Caribbean, just them, no team, no disasters, no judging eyes. Tony figured it was the easiest and safest way for them all to figure out what was happening between them and what they wanted to share with the others when they got back.
Another bot knocked Steve’s arm aside, and he punched into its core but it got its free arm up and wrapped its claw around his neck and squeezed. Steve squirmed in its hold, trying to catch some of the metal with the edge of the shield but the angle was wrong. Black spots danced at the edge of his vision.
. Fix it. Tony was a fixer, the mechanic. He wanted to fix Steve, but this wasn’t his strong suit - hurting, angry, lonely people. He was good at being one of them, and if he knew how to fix it, he’d probably have started with himself. As it was, he cycled through everything Jarvis had ever said to him when he was angry. None of it seemed to apply. Steve had the right to be angry; he should be furious.
They both watched Ant stack his turtles back on top of the roomba and finish off the pile with his skunk.
Rating: T
"No!" Tony and Clint shouted in unison when Steve opened the door.
Thanks for the heads up.
Tags: Meetcute, Winteriron, pre-Stuckony, Lost Wallet, Flirting
Tags: Fuck buddies, Stucky, Cute, Silly, Fun, Fuck Buddies to Lovers
Dark hair, rough stubble, intense eyes.
"Hey, Tony?"
Ant placed his pointer finger gently on the large yellow duck on the centre of the box. "Dah?" he asked around the binky.
“Right.” Steve nodded back then walked over to the counter, lifted the half-burnt, crooked monstrosity and tipped it in the trash.
"Oh, god."
Steve twinkled. “They can’t very well start without us.”
JARVIS reviewed the information for a third time. "One hour and thirteen minutes of video and audio logs from seven forty-two P.M. to eight fifty-five P.M., two days ago."
The man flushed, a smile creeping up at the corners of his lips. “Um. Hello.”
Tony twisted his fork between his fingers then set it down. He stood. “Someone else should help you with this. You need someone, but I don’t think it should be me."
7:26 PM: Captain Rogers arrives in the workshop and Mr. Stark pauses his work
“More critical than… finding out how to pay the water bill?”
Tony blinked his eyes open. He was cushioned by soft sheets, a warm strong arm curled under his neck and a firm chest under his cheek instead of a pillow. He tilted his head back to find Steve’s eyes. “Good morning.”
For Happy Steve Bingo.
“Oh, I couldn’t!” said Steve, wishing desperately that he could. The watch was beautiful, and it meant a great deal that Tony would want him to have it. But it was so expensive! So fancy! What a gift to give a friend. “It’s too much.”
"Six hours."
Steve spun in his seat, clutching his phone to his chest purely on instinct, nearly tumbling to the ground when his foot caught in the strap of his backpack. "What?!" He opened his mouth again to go off about creeping up behind people and reading over their shoulder when something clicked together in his mind. The sunglasses weren't there, but the beard was, and the smile, and - "Um."
“Yeah.” Tony’s muscles had started to relax and his teeth had stopped chattering. “You’re a fucking furnace, Rogers.”
Tony pressed past Steve’s shoulder, and Steve was sure he’d ask JARVIS to order a new one any moment, but instead he popped the front off the machine and pulled out the pieces, covering the once clean counters with coffee grounds-covered bits and bobs.
“I guess not.” Even though warm sunlight pooled on the sheets and Steve’s skin was hot to the touch, Tony was still shivering.
Tony waved off the almost-apology. “No, no. Of course. I understand.” He swallowed. “And - uh - you know, I don’t want to - I mean. You have Peter. And, uh… Peter’s mom…? So?”
Then Bucky jerked forward a little, leaning down, he paused again and Tony didn’t move, still as a deer in headlights.
Steve turned a cheeky grin on Tony that was just a little bit too lucid to be a mistake. “I know. That’s why I said, someday.”
“Oh shit!” Tony darted across the sand - which was nearly impossible on a good day, let alone when he was combining heat-stroke with butt-he’d-like-to-stroke - and tried to grab for Hurricane’s collar. “I’m so sorry."
Steve realized he’d jolted back a step at her appearance, and he forced himself to relax. “No, no. It’s fine. I didn’t think anyone else was up.”
(Alt text if you're on mobile: "Tony's crush isn't as undercover as he thinks it is..."
"I'm taking care of you." Tony added a napkin and spoon to the bowl of soup he'd put on the coffee table.
Tony frowned then shucked off his suit jacket. He crossed the room, abandoning the sandwich he’d started assembling on the kitchen counter. “I can fix that.”
Tony drifted closer to the window, watching Hot Window Guy reorganize things. When the guy straightened up to wipe clean the chalkboard that listed the discounts, bright blue eyes flicked out the window and settled on Tony. Hot Window Guy smiled, waved, and Tony turned on his heel and marched off, mortified. His cheeks burned, despite the cool weather, and he kept up a speed-walk pace until he turned the corner and started up the next block. Fleeing was almost certainly more suspicious than just waving back, but Tony had reacted on instinct instead of logic.
Rated: T
“The song’s over. Dance is over.”
Everyone took a treat - cookies or candy or chocolate - and Tony watched, helplessly charmed, as Steve wrapped his lips around a bottle of bright purple soda and took a sip. “Delicious,” Steve said, turning his smile to Tony.
“I’m not playing poker with you,” Tony whined. “I’ll end up naked and broke.”
When Steve’s breath shook, Tony leaned in and reclaimed Steve’s mouth, kissing him with gentle reassurance then kissing away the tracks of tears that tickled their way down Steve’s cheeks. Tony followed them with his thumb.
“Exactly. Come with me?” There was that smile again.
Tony almost didn't register it at first - the light touch on his ankle - so preoccupied he was with his imaginary partner. He was almost expecting another's touch, but a heartbeat later, his body processed the soft brush over his heel as real, and he startled back, eyes flying open.
"I swear Gail has a google alert for all things duck related. Either that or she's getting this stuff custom made."
Tony whined, his leg kicking out against the door as he swallowed and swallowed and squirmed.
Steve flicked the edge of his page. It sure would be nice to bring in some money. It had been months since he'd sold a strip. He thought it was a dip - he'd done so well at first! - but as things dried up more and more, it became clear that the fluke was being hired, not the other way around. Still… spending his nights in the smoke and haze, surrounded by good for nothing drunks, cheaters and liars, too tired to draw when he got home. It was a far cry from the life he'd imagined for himself.
Laura told Steve he’d be sharing the guest room with Nat, and Steve nodded, tight-lipped wondering how much her witnessing his fight with Tony had influenced that decision.
“No I wasn’t. There was a bug in my eye and I was trying to suffocate him.”
Steve’s lips twitched up into a small smile. “I bet you are…”
Tony’s smile bloomed across his face. He felt pleasantly dopey, ready to slip off to sleep again. “Go get cleaned up so you can cuddle me properly.”
“Don’t mind me.” Tony starts backing away, as subtly as he can. He doesn’t have a gauntlet watch, JARVIS glasses, or even underwear, so he isn’t eager to get into it with a pair of slightly inebriated thugs.
“This tip says it does flowers.” Steve held it up. “I feel like these are all flowers. At least, they all look floral.”
Tony tugged Steve closer in the dark of their shared bedroom, sleep already pulling at his eyelids heavily. “I love you,” he whispered into Steve’s skin.
“But what if that makes the texture weird or something?”
Bucky thought back to his last class. It was an online class for a distance learning program, every Tuesday and Thursday at four. It had been the same as every Tuesday, as far as he could remember. "Nothing happened."
“We know.” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and kissed the tip of his nose. “But it would have just been for our egos. No one was going to enjoy that cake, promise. This is much better.”
Steve brushed his sweaty hair back from his forehead as the elevator started its climb towards his floor. He couldn’t convince anyone, least of all himself, that he had any other reason for choosing to go to the gym exactly when he did except to avoid Tony.
Tony squeezed again, then moved to pull away. “Okay, that’s fine. But if you want to talk, I’m here.”
steve.rogers@avengers.com
might remember.”
Ant lifted his hand to his face, yelled, "Boo!" and whacked himself on the forehead with his hand then laughed like a hyena.
Steve had finally managed to settle into some sort of steadiness when Tony’s mouth suddenly started to move around him. Steve tried to back off, worried Tony was choking again, but then he realized Tony’s tongue was undulating very purposefully against him. Was he -? He was. He was trying to get Steve off.
And Tony was… gone. His clothes were still outside, the water had been left on, and JARVIS hadn't seen him leave, but he just wasn't here anymore.
At the bottom of the stairs, the ceiling dropped low but then it opened up again into a huge room Steve had never seen before, despite living here for years. The room was all white, with large, padded squares covering all the walls except for a huge bank of floor-to-ceiling windows on one side. Most of the available floor space was taken up by a massive collection of instruments.
His cock ached, heavy and full between his legs, and he longed for a touch on it, needed to fill Steve’s hot length press inside him and his huge hand around his cock, stroking, pulling, gripping almost too hard, threatening that super soldier strength. He groaned, dropping his head down between his arms and tugging on the thick, fabric straps until his fingers tingled.
“Why not? I thought this was what you wanted. It’s what you told me you wanted.” Steve’s heart sunk. He’d fallen in love with his charge and hadn’t even successfully made his wish come true.
Tony continued his non-stop muttering, and Steve rolled away, as far as he could go, trapped under the sheets as he was, and pressed his pillow over his head. It didn’t help. He resigned himself to a sleepless night.
Tony shoved both hands in the dog’s mouth, and Steve winced again, flinching towards them; he was ready for Tony’s hands to reappear less a few fingers. But the dog just rolled back onto her side and licked at the knees of Tony’s pants, letting him grab at her tongue and play with her lips. “She’s so good to him.”
But it had all been a lie. The last six weeks had been a lie. Everything Steve Rogers had said to him had been a lie. Steve had just wanted to get laid and move on. The wind picked up and brought heavier rain with it, plastering Tony’s hair to his forehead.
“Oh, yes. Right, right. I heard about that. You thawed him and he immediately did a runner. It’s fine. I’ll just… uh. Yeah.” But he didn’t have to explain, because she was already gone.
Tags: X-Factor 231, Dethlok, Implied Non-Con, Unhappy Ending
“How do you know?”
Tony leaned over the little fence that divided the vegetable patch from the rest of the garden and smiled back at his husband. “You know, if anyone had told me that moving to the country meant that you’d spend all your time up to your elbows in compost and I’d never see you, I might have made you stay in New York,” he teased.
“Oh god.” Steve’s eyes blew black, and he swallowed heavily. He went limp under Tony’s weight with his next breath. His eyes flashed up at Tony, filled with a flavour of challenge he’d never seen before. “Alright…” Steve breathed. “Take me.”
Bucky quirked an eyebrow up in Tony’s direction. “I think you’ll find Clint’s the one who’s
Steve worked and failed to suppress a smile. “I guess it’s the other thing. What do you call it? Friends who…”
Massively huge thank yous to neverthelessthesun who plotted this all out for me when I got stuck.
Silly little floof!
Thanks for reading! <3
Steve took it in his and his heart skipped a beat.
