“You know… such things aren’t easy… and it definitely could only happen under certain requirements.”
This seemed to make the Alpha even angrier which caused him to begin to push Sherlock’s trousers and pants down and growl once more.
John laughed. “Wait a moment. That was a really short version of it and you left a few important details!”
He couldn’t move away with Sebastian holding him and so he couldn’t do anything than helplessly hold still.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and for a while, he didn’t answer at all so that John slightly considered just going to his room but then he spoke.
When he was twenty his older brother sent him into rehab and after that he was clean but things still didn’t go well.
“Okay, let’s pack our stuff and go home,” he said decidedly. Sherlock’s eyes followed him out of the door.
So he decided to try to move his legs and arms which brought him enough pain that after a while his problem was solved.
His body was sunken and his skin was greyer than anything else. He was dressed in a black suit that was similar to what he was wearing as a ghost. Sherlock also wore a beige shirt and a tie which he would normally hate, John knew.
Finally, Sherlock slammed his fist into the mattress. “John! Enough! I’m ready! Please, oh, just…please!”
“As I said before I don’t have any experience so it is possible that I misread some things and I’m perfectly aware that some people see kissing as something to do for fun and as nothing serious. So…I don’t know what to expect. Did this mean something?”
He grabbed Mr Bowtie and pushed it further in Grace Wilkinson’s throat. He felt her internally squirm and silently cry like a puppy.
“Yes, I mean the important tests I can only make on Monday like blood tests and an ECG. But I have my stethoscope and my blood pressure monitor.”
“You wanted to make us breakfast but I think you should first remove the fragments of the cup that you dropped.”
He leaned heavily on his cane while walking to the address which was written at the paper in his hand. He knocked on the door and waited until a warmly smiling elder lady opened it.
After that John finally ordered some food and then went to bed. Sherlock didn’t say even one word to him.
John pushed himself up and stood beside the bed, offering Sherlock a hand. He took it, and smiled, and they entered the shower together.
John made dinner of which Sherlock even ate a bit and then it was time to go to bed which brought John an awkward thought.
“I understand that. I had the same wishes. I mean you know that I had a special dream about you a while ago.”
When they got home Sherlock sat down in his chair, hands folded under his chin and went to his mind palace.
He was frowning at her and she was seriously giggling now. He waited till she sobered enough to talk normally again.
It wasn’t the thought of children that made the imagination that horrifying, it was Sebastian. He knew him.
Before the food appeared, the talk was light and civil. The meal passed with compliments on outfits, discussion of the food, and cheerful reflection on the ceremony - but as soon as the dinner was finished, John’s father began the questioning.
was. It was just something he didn’t think about doing… not anymore—certainly not after he’d been shot by the sniper… The idea of bonding… mating… It would be a painful reminder of his inadequacy as an omega now.
Later... Later when his wit returned, that was when he'd fully comprehend all and what it meant. Not now. All he could think of now was John.
John glanced over to Sherlock who didn’t bother validating the woman’s presence; he was too preoccupied staring at the large selection of baby bottles the store housed.
Sherlock stood alone, coming to terms with the decision he had to make, feeling the glaring loss, and collapsed back into his chair. Staring at his trembling bloodied hands, Sherlock released a noise he'd never made before, a keening cry between a howl of grief and a choked gurgled sob.
“Usually you ask to go into another person’s office.” Lestrade grumbled, but regardless of his agitation followed and shut the door behind them before seating himself at his desk.
“Oh, um… John, I… I’m still… We won’t be able to… for another week as I’m still healing.” Sherlock bumbled out his explanation, a light flush on his cheeks.
Sherlock hummed at ease and crawled fully on the bed, until he straddled John’s lap. John let out a dissatisfying sigh, his legs felt trapped against the bed sheets and Sherlock was wearing far more clothing than was appropriate. A clawed hand shot out and grasped a hold of Sherlock’s scarf. The offending thick cloth felt hot to the touch, it was one of the many articles of clothing Sherlock wore that scratched at his skin, bothersome and unneeded. The tearing of fabric filled John’s ears with delight and he let the tattered scarf fall off the edge of the bed before fisting a hold of a finely crafted dress shirt.
“Don’t say foolish things! Sherlock is coming.” Mrs. Hudson lied, uncertain, and John lowered his head on the pillow, ruined.
“I don’t like being touched by you! You say you’re obedient, but you try to touch my thigh and when I told you to knock it off, you hold my hand!”
The unknown men came too quick and caught John by surprise. It was too late to fight back once the needle entered his neck and the drug coursed through his blood. Darkness took him then. When he woke up hours later, mind foggy, felt the heat of fire and breathed in the suffocating smoke, John realized this was it. He was going to die.
John’s face flashed with pain, talking about this beta was too much, but John still needed to hear it.
John laughed at his folly before retrieving his own room key and opened the door across from Sherlock’s room. A nice warm bath sounded just about right to John, it was the perfect way to soak away his aches from their rather exerting trip.
Lying down in his bed, smiling softly to himself as his eyes fluttered shut and he drifted to sleep, John felt sureness in this.
During his shower John had been contemplating their situation and how best to make it through the awkwardness that would undoubtedly follow.
A deep, sardonic laugh dispelled as he slowly made his way to his room and he thought further of how thoughtless he’d been.
John stared at his chair warily, the last talk they'd had there was a horrid one. He could still leave, but John could see the thought of him leaving had unsettled the omega enough. John couldn't leave, even if all he wanted right now was to get away from the omega.
John smiled as he pushed open the alpha’s silk blue robe and sat himself on Sherlock’s long, hard cock and rode him, wild, unbidden and zealously. Sherlock squirmed under him, head thrashing against the pillow, broken pleading whimpers ripping past thin pale parted lips.
Sherlock glared at the vultures surrounding him. Wanting to be anywhere else but here. His mother was a crafty, evil woman, far beyond his ability to beat, and so Sherlock had lost and found himself
“Oh, John, your alpha’s besotted with you!” Mrs. Watson giggled along with Mrs. Holmes, but John wouldn’t look at anyone, his gaze was fixed on the firm grasp his alpha had on his hand.
"You hate me now. I know, and I'm so sorry. I messed up. I really messed up. But... I love you... I love you, Sherlock. With my every being,
Sherlock rested his head on the pillow beside John’s head and grumbled a string of curses as he released John, hissed a breath and slipped out of the bed before storming out to address the continuous pounding of a fist to their door.
Sherlock raised out a hand and gripped tightly to John's arm and inhaled a deep breath before pushing, crying out mid-push as he felt his omega hole stretch tightly.
"No... No it's not." Mary acknowledged, never one to sugar-coat things. "I... We... knew that this marriage wouldn't last forever. We agreed to divorce after... I... I promise as soon as I give birth we can divorce like you said- I don't wish for your omega to think... I could reassure your omega if-"
Sherlock mutely watched John move about the kitchen, tidying up and lowered his head guiltily. Maybe he should have just eaten the chili, it must have taken John sometime to prepare it, but his pride wouldn’t allow him to retract his words from earlier.
John looked away, finding the longer he stared at Sherlock the more his eyes stung. Sherlock shifted over him, gentle hands working at the knotted rope tying his wrists to the headboard. John brought his hands close, resting on his chest and staring away at the wall. Sherlock brought him close into his arms, rolled them over on their side, still knotted securely within him and began stroking his back, burying his head in his hair and inhaling his scent almost amorously. John’s lashes felt damp, but he managed to withhold his tears.
Somehow his parents coaxed him into moving and led him to the reception hall. There were many tables elegantly decorated and his parents went to take their reserved seats. As they did this, Harry dragged John over to the open bar and ordered him the hardest liquor they had. There the two drank in grim silence, and John knew he should have stopped his sister from drinking so much, but he was too preoccupied imaging the hell of a life he was sentenced to live for the rest of his life.
John was pleasantly surprised to find that it was an informative DVD. It gave scientifically accurate information from various medical experts, and through their explanations of factual information, scenes of an alpha demonstrating the topic of discussion were shown.
Forking at his eggs absentmindedly, John’s ears perked when he heard his name. Raising his eyes and meeting the icy stare of Mycroft, John realized he’d been asked a question, but for the life of him, he didn’t know what it had been.
John gave a rigid nod and watched as Sherlock spun on his heel and left Angelo’s first. John stood mutely, staring out of the restaurant window as the consulting detective flagged a cab, before entering it and it drove out of sight.
There was no answer. The flat was deadly still. Glancing around the flat, Sherlock found that John was nowhere in sight, but then he noticed a letter propped up against the back of John’s reserved red chair, with his name scribbled in John’s handwriting.
"Maybe, but I'm a fool who loves you." Sherlock grinned, stubborn as ever where his love for John was concerned.
Sherlock had been duped and fell hook, line and sinker for it. He'd been used and how John must have suffered. How John must have felt disgusted with himself for having to touch, kiss, and
There were so many different breeds of horses. Though John couldn’t tell which breeds were what, he noticed the physical differences. The one that caught John’s eye was an elegantly tall horse. The horse’s jet black hair glistened in the light, and the way the horse stood, John knew it was a show horse.
John stared despondently at the artifacts, horrified to realize, much like them, he’d been bought and would now reside in this home. Forever to spend his days an omega bitch, being bred heat after heat, producing the Holmes’ kin. . John knew there were scarcely any young Holmes’ and they were dwindling down in numbers. Though this prominent family was known by many, they didn’t procreate as was normally done. They devoted their time educating themselves and gave up their personal lives for their work. So many intelligent minded Holmes’ worked in the various fields of government, and none had the desire to give up their careers to birth kin.
Sherlock refused to talk to John. Refused to wait for him to enter the flat for fear that he’d scent the other alpha on John. He wasn’t sure what he’d have done if he scented Lestrade on John.
What was Sherlock supposed to say? He wouldn't give him his support. That was for certain. But he couldn't demand John not see her. If he made John stay with him and neglect her when she was in such a sensitive stage he would be blamed for her miscarriage. They'd already been away from each other for two months - any longer would risk their child's health. Sherlock really didn't mind the idea of her miscarrying that blasted child, but then John's immediate devastation of that child's demise caused Sherlock pause.
An agent hurried to open the door and Mycroft slid in. Sherlock glared at the older man as he turned to look at him expectantly. Inhaling a deep breath, Sherlock followed him inside and the door was shut after him.
When the sickening churn settled and he’d dispelled the contents of his stomach, John pulled back from the toilet and leaned against the cool wall of the bathroom. Hugging his folded legs close to his chest, John rested his forehead against his knees and stopped fighting the urge to cry.  The tears fell freely as he gave to heartache.
Gregory's wolf was baying with delight, drinking up his trembling, nervous mate, when all at once he found himself forced back and away from the alpha he desired. Staring up in a daze, Gregory found Mycroft standing before him.
Cases that once brought him immense pleasure left him feeling hollow and now there was John and Moriarity to contend with. So what could this alpha do to him? There was nothing left to be damaged, he was completely and wholly broken already.
John groaned, rubbed his face on his arms, exhaled a heavy breath of frustration, but nonetheless rose from the couch and made his way over to the door. As his hand gripped the lock the impatient person beyond the door, gave to fully pounding on the wood and John grew immediately agitated.
"I should have told him before we went to the press. I wasn't thinking. I shouldn't have let him find out like that."
Sherlock heard the helpless whine the alpha released at his stinging words, but he would not take them back. John had left him to suffer and as his body had given out and his health deteriorated, the first of his failings came in the form of his fertility. When the doctors announced he was no longer fertile, his omega was wounded greatly and lost the will to live. What kind of omega was he if he couldn't even bear children for his true alpha?
From then on, the alpha seemed to lose himself to instinct, thrusting hard and fast. Pounding in the omega, rutting, it was so…so… Just so wild, feral, animalistic and John knew he should be disgusted, appalled that this omega liked it, wanted it, but...
Sherlock smiled, positively delighted with himself. Harshly running his hand over his pants to remove the splatter of release that had dribbled its way on him as he had taken care to give John completion. He rose from his chair. Quickly retrieving the camera from where it rested. Sherlock spared a glance in John's general direction, not meeting his eyes, but seeing enough of him to take notice of his trembling shoulders as the alpha curled inwards on himself. The scent of the man was so bitter. It neared unbearable.
"Sherlock." John rasped out the name of his true mate. The person he'd been wanting to meet his whole life. Knowing he'd failed him, and he just kept on failing him.
Sherlock paused and slowly turned to meet his panicked gaze. John took a half step towards the alpha, licked his suddenly dry lips and tried to speak again.
Sherlock was curious. Curious to understand the change in John — that blasted heat changed John and the way he’d looked at him just now was strangely unbearable to witness.
There in the living room was a man standing with an umbrella in his hand which looked ridiculous to John.
Lestrade inclined his head in acknowledgement. “Anyway, we need to go through a few details again with the police. Would you come with me?”
Sherlock shook his head, brushing off the apology. “You were afraid. Do you want to hear what I think?”
He had never thought that he would ever bond or have children and now that he was this happy he wouldn’t have ruled out to have more children in the future.
Then he leaned forward to kiss Sherlock, slowly and tenderly, while at the same time stroking his lover’s length. Sherlock moaned his partner’s name into the kiss.
He decided to dare the next step. Moving. He forced his head to turn. He gritted his teeth at the pain. But in the end, it was definitely worth it.  There was John.
He punched him as hard as he could, which wasn’t that hard because he was an Omega and he hadn’t eaten for a few days.
Beside of that, he was the most beautiful human being he had ever seen in his entire life. His dark wild curls framed his face which had very prominent cheekbones.
They would be so ashamed. They expected him to marry a nice woman and would become a dad while working in surgery of his own.
John was at work and so he lay there alone miserably waiting until his cramps went away and the need started.
John’s deeply concerned expression remained, so Sherlock stood up decisively, placed his tea on the table, and took John’s face in his hands.
John eyed the black coffin while he wiped the sweat off his forehead. He drank a bit of water and then grabbed his backpack and the ladder.
When he sat down he just watched Sherlock who was blowing impatiently at the hot fluid until he could drink it.
His senses were clearly in overdrive modus and his muscles and skin were new that’s why they were this bad.
“Um… I would have to cut me with that dagger and then drop my blood onto your body and also in your mouth. It requires a lot of blood. Oh and while I would be doing that I would have to read the text from the scroll. It was translated in Latin. Good thing that I’m a doctor.”
“But I need you to know that I’m not only attracted to you, okay? I mean Sherlock- that is bloody obvious. But I have truly feelings for you and that’s the reason why I would never leave you except you wish me to.”
He was certain it was the most intimate experience he had ever had and they hadn’t even started properly but he didn’t want to wait any longer and so he put some of the lube on his hand to warm it.
“Okay, I’m sorry, John. I really am. But, you know… now that you’re awake, we could take advantage of the extra time we have before you meet with Mike.”
“Yes, but that’s it. Don’t you think that there were a lot of people that wanted me exactly because of that? Because of my look? But as soon as I spoke they realised how I’m and they vanished faster than you can imagine. After I discovered that I decided to never ever try that again. I mean flirting etcetera.”
It was really tempting. John could just go and live his life as every ordinary man would. But he was never ordinary and that’s why he said what he said next.
With that, there was nothing left to say and Sherlock happily obliged when John grabbed his neck and pulled him towards him to kiss him once more.
Lana Del Rey began to moan pitifully in the bar when Grace Wilkinson closed the tap and turned toward the man standing beside her.
He refused to sit next to the Alpha who looked at him with a predatory look which let Sherlock stiffen even more.
Five months later, someone rang at their door. Inside the flat,t Sherlock had hidden the doorbell; they heard nothing.Mrs Hudson had to open it.
It didn’t matter how advanced the society nowadays was or seemed, the rules were still the same for many years, especially for Omegas.
By then Sherlock had his beloved suits and John had to admit that he looked obscenely well in his coat and his suits.
With that, he exposed his incredibly long neck to John which he just couldn’t resist and so he leaned forward and began to kiss and suck at it.
When he reached the kitchen he started to prepare the tea and breakfast while standing with his back to the living room.
John caressed Sherlock’s neck and chest with his lips, dropping kisses on every bit of skin. He kept moving steadily down, slowly, tantalising, until - at last - he could also place a kiss on Sherlock’s length. Sherlock’s breath stuttered, and only started again - irregular and heavy - as John  moved up once more. He licked his way from Sherlock’s navel until he reached his nipple, and sucked on it the way he knew Sherlock liked it. It lasted only a few moments, until Sherlock dragged him away, pushing on his shoulders, with the gasp “If you want me to last, John, you have to stop doing that!”
“Then I guess congratulations are in order,  to both of you. And let us know when the event is. This time hopefully without a murder, right?”
Lestrade nodded. “Alright, I’m going to have a chat with the police and let them know everything. See you.”
Still, in thoughts he sat down in his chair. John sat there a while still thinking when he suddenly heard his name in an annoyed tone which implied that he had already been called a few times.
John glanced up at Sherlock’s face. He was frowning, and John was suddenly worried that he’d sounded too harsh. He really didn’t want to upset Sherlock, too..
They both winced as Sherlock’s voice broke the silence. John turned around to see him picking his way towards them between tables. As their eyes met, Sherlock grinned. “But I get that you wanted to make a point.”
Suddenly all events of the last day rushed back to him. His pulse fastened. He wanted to kill himself, he remembered. There was a man who hit the gun from his hand. A man who vanished right after it happened.
“Okay… if it works at all and I really awake again… but with no memories… I trust myself enough to make the right deductions at that moment. I mean… I would be in a coffin, wearing a suit that had seen better days with a filthy blond man with a shovel looming over me. Oh and I would have blood all over me and even worse… in my mouth.”
He tried to put all of his feelings, all of that unbelievable love for this madman in that kiss and it seemed to work because after a few seconds Sherlock was practically clinging at him with no intention to ever end the kiss.
He couldn’t resist the urge to reach out and touch his face gently, drawing his finger down from his temple and over his cheek.
Just when he pushed Mr Bowtie’s fuzzy head in her mouth, he realized what kind of triumph had spread on her face (if she could have moved her facial muscles, of course).
“I haven't finished actually.  You have a sister with a drinking problem whose phone calls you never answer and by the way your psychologist Francesca? She’s flirting with you.”
“Obviously. And a silk dressing gown - this is important! But please only buy normal colours, like blue and purple and white.”
A thin splashing sound was coming from there. A woman. In the cabin nearby. With her stupid bloody piss.
Fixating Sherlock’s parted lips with his eyes; John lifted his free hand and put it on Sherlock’s left cheek.
Sherlock nodded and moved to stand beside John, who sat in a cosy chair opposite to the couch where his parents lounged, with Harry in an armchair next to them.
But this was different. He had two options. Either he was going to lose his whole family, or they had to pretend to be just flatmates, testing their relationship.
“Think about it. As soon as you’ll move out the next renter will be here. Another person I’ll need to get rid of.”
Sherlock just calmly pushed himself upright  from the wall he was leaning on, and waited until Lestrade stood directly in front of him.
“What? I’m not looking like… It’s just… I’m sorry. I mean if I hadn’t brought you back you wouldn’t have this pain and stuff.”
Keeping it there was pointless. He stood up and flushed the water with his fingertips, not really knowing what to do next.
“I would never leave you. For anything in the world, and definitely not for narrow-minded people I happen to be related to. Do you hear me? You’re everything for me, don’t ever doubt that. I love you.”
“You know that Sherlock and I have been together for eleven months now - nearly a year…and we… we are going to get married.”
The shop was called “Yen-Cave” and the owner of it was a self-proclaimed psychic who was only called “the Woman”.
“Oh come one, Mr Watson. This isn’t real. You know that if I hadn’t cornered him, he would have never bonded with you. This isn’t more than a foul compromise. You deserve better than him, he won’t make you happy. Right now he seems content because of the bonding pheromones that are still in his body. He’ll grow bored of you soon enough and then you won’t be chained to him till death.”
“It’s true. I couldn’t make something like that up. I’m not that imaginative. I didn’t even believe in ghosts, so I was really shocked when I realised that I’m living with one. Please believe me.”
The first thing had been a text to Lestrade to not disturb him for this time without telling him a reason.
When he had forced a few bits of toast in his stomach, he took his cup and sat across from Sherlock in his chair.
That evening they had been dancing around each other both being too nervous about what had been about to come.
Weirdly he even hadn’t been able to stop thinking about him after that either and so had had to see him again.
“You scared every renter before me away and you also tried that with me because you wanted me to move out. Right?”
“You mean after so many awkward monthly dinners, where they tried to show us how accepting they are?”
Behind the glass door of the bar, Liam stared attentively at the child and shifted away as his mother entered the bar sighing.
Two days later the time had come. John had bought everything he would need and was packing himself a backpack with water and snacks.
He needed help, he knew that. He wasn’t able to stand alone, let alone walk. With all of his power he spoke.
First, he thought that he had just dreamed the noise during his usual nightmares about war but no there was definitely a loud crash. Slowly he stirred to get out of his bed and tried to make as little noise as possible. He looked at his bedside cabinet where his gun lay in a drawer.
John nodded and let everyone in. After that, he closed the door and went back to the living room where he was greeted with a really thick silence.
He was frozen on his spot and didn’t even have any words to answer. As his mother noticed that, she released a dose of dominant Alpha pheromones.
He felt tears prickle behind his eyes, but he refused to let them fall. Then he felt Sherlock’s hand in his, which made him look his in the face. He saw Sherlock register his tears, and felt him squeeze his hand.
“I… tried to find a way out of the house but nothing worked and in the end, the bookshelf fell on me and I was… stuck.”
John had about a thousand flashbacks in his head for a moment and frowned until Harry shook her head.
John looked up and saw that Sherlock let his gaze wander over John’s body like looking for something and after a while, it seemed like he had found it.
Sherlock just nodded, because he saw how angry John was. He let go of the woman, and followed him to the door.
He could of course just do what his mother had said but this would mean that he would have to concede everything he was.
Sherlock followed him smiling and let himself fall on the bed and they began to eat.  After a while of silence something occurred to John.
John was watching him. He seemed really uncomfortable and that he even asked showed him in how much pain he still was.
Then the years had passed by and everyone himself included had come to terms with the fact that he would have died alone and had a lonely life.
They spent their first day  sight-seeing, and when they returned to the hotel they each went to their separate room to shower. Neither enjoyed the solitude, and exactly one hour later Sherlock sneaked into John’s room and latched onto him like he was afraid that he would just disappear if he wasn’t careful.
It had been a huge event as the law was published which allowed Omegas to attend colleges and have jobs.
He looked at everything outside with such a fascinated gaze that the older one couldn’t help but smile.
John sighed as he noted the body. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he recognised that a sigh was a bizarre response to the discovery of a body at your cousin’s wedding - especially when technically this body belonged to a remote relative of his. He ought to be more shocked.
“For starters… his body has to be intact. Otherwise, you can’t get his soul back in it. You know how long it takes until a body decays?”
“I’m sorry that you had to make such bad experiences but not everyone is like that. And to be honest I think if someone didn’t like your character then this person is an idiot. I mean I told you so many times that you’re brilliant and amazing and I mean it. Your look is just the cherry on the cake.”
Sherlock just shrugged but gestured to John to keep going. “So… first of all of this happened next to a body that lay on the street. Not romantic, but very us. Then you were really brilliant. You were suddenly shouting deductions at a speed that I thought no human was capable of. That’s why I proposed to you in the middle of a crime scene - because I couldn’t wait any longer. I had planned to propose to you on that evening during dinner - much more romantic, but more boring too. And then you didn’t answer for about ten minutes and just stared at nothing - at least, it felt like at least ten minutes. It was terrifying. But then you said finally yes and hugged me and half the police were laughing and cheering.
This brought no real release in heat but it was still an incredible feeling and he urged John to come to kiss him again.
Every head snapped towards him and his eyes that had begun to prickle while he spoke began to drain themselves which frustrated him more than anything.
And he had been happy for the first time in his life until John had come to him with all the marks his father had left on him.
The whole day at work he thought about what had happened. This couldn’t all just be in his head. He decided to check where the bangs came from when he would be home.
“You’re doing so well.” Sherlock praised and John let out a shuddering exhale, his body responding so keenly to Sherlock’s voice, his cock twitching slightly, still soft, but growing ever more interested in where his alpha was leading them.
John couldn’t give Sherlock what he really needed. He wasn’t as submissive or as nurturing as an omega, nor was he fertile. Sherlock deserved a chance to start a life with an omega. Sherlock deserved to have children. Sherlock deserved more than a broken beta solider could offer him.
Mary's anger vanished as John's voice wavered, her eyes softened with care, and John stubbornly wiped that wetness that dampened his lashes.
Near noon, Sherlock would find John wherever he’d wandered off to and keep him company for the rest of the day. John tried to ignore the alpha, but it was rather difficult as for some reason Sherlock would do something that irked him in one way or another.
"J-John." Sherlock's voice broke on itself, pain thickly laced in his tone, his lips brushing against his temple as he turned to the alpha and audibly inhaled his pheromones.
Sherlock. He would have continued down the path they’d made for themselves till he took his last breath. He would have loved none else—he still would only love Sherlock. John didn’t want anyone else and he knew that would never change. Sherlock was it for him; there could never be anyone else, only Sherlock.
Sherlock was horny. Raging with hormones. How could he stop himself when all he smelled was the sweetness of his John's alpha pheromones? Sherlock had lost his mind weeks ago. That was the only reason why he'd given up trying to have an afternoon nap in his own bed and opted for rolling around in John's own.
“Yes, well, that’s all rather dull.” Sherlock said with a flourish of his hand and stared back out the window.
John crawled off Sherlock and began rearranging Sherlock into the position he thought best. John ordered Sherlock to scoot back further, until Sherlock’s back pressed up against the pillows resting along the headboard of the bed. Then, John touched Sherlock’s knees and gently parted them, pushing them up so that the heels of Sherlock’s feet pressed against the mattress, John shuffled himself between them and lay on his stomach, his head close to Sherlock’s blazing hot cock.
Mycroft felt resentment coil in the pit of his stomach. It was a sickening feeling to know Lestrade understood his pain and insecurities. He refused to allow Gregory to feel pity for him. The humiliation and anger it made him feel, Mycroft refused to let Gregory know how affected he was.
"This is because I beat you on a few tests? Stupid tests that mean nothing! You broke my heart over a childish competition?"
Teeth pressed along his scent gland and John stiffened. A soft growl rumbled out of Sherlock as his teeth pressed deeper, John instinctively grabbed the tall man’s arms, digging his fingers into the fine tuxedo as the alpha broke through the skin of his neck.
The stranger lying on top of Gregory was young, beautiful, and enthused. Setting his glass on the desk with more force than necessary, the scotch sloshed and dampened his hand. Mycroft didn’t pay it notice; his focus was on the screen. There was no sound, but a picture spoke a thousand words, so a video was double proof, proof that he’d been wrong about Gregory. Mycroft grimaced as the woman’s hands stroked Gregory’s body and boldly worked their way under his shirt.
, love. You can do it. I know you can. You're the strongest person I know. Breathe with me and push. I'm here and I won't leave you."
Sherlock would stand off at the side of John’s bed and like a ghost watch as John slumbered before moving to seat himself on the edge of the mattress. He’d raise a hand to hold one of John’s limp ones and lay his upper body next to John’s and shut his eyes for long moments in time, never quite falling asleep. He’d inhale John’s scent in deep breaths and nose the omega’s shoulder gently.
The soreness that struck his heart wasn’t what he’d expected, but at its sudden occurrence also came a paining realization.
Sherlock reminded himself daily that this townhouse was only temporary, and that soon they'd be back to their real home, and out of this suburban-like setting. For the meantime, this home would have to do. Sherlock could appreciate the quietness of the neighborhood, the fact they had a beautiful terrace, and the quietness would help with the whole romantic mood he was trying to set.
“But… I can’t… I’m not as submissive or nurturing as an omega. I could never give you what your alpha needs.” John stared despairingly at the alpha before him, wanting nothing more than what was in front of him, but feeling undeserving.
“I—” John was unsure what to say now that Ella forced him to recognize he might have been a little too cruel to the man.
John stared blankly up at her, breathing in short loud puffs of air; he rose out a hand in her direction while simultaneously forcing himself to sit up. Mrs. Hudson took hold of his hand and assisted him in straightening out on the seat.
"John is a fool. He can not see things as clearly as we can. If you told him how you felt, pushed the matter more, maybe he'd-" Mycroft pursed his lips, and frowned at Sherlock "You should have pursued him before he married."
“Yes, I…” John’s words fell apart as Sherlock evaluated him closely, and he realized Sherlock was deducing him.
John loved Sherlock. He knew that now. This feeling… it could be nothing else. John couldn’t imagine a world without Sherlock and as frightening as it might be, John knew he’d die without Sherlock. Life wasn’t worth living when the one person who made it bearable didn’t exist. So if Sherlock lost his patience with him… If Sherlock finally wised up and realized John was an emotional mess and refused to be strung along anymore… If Sherlock left him, John didn’t think he could handle it.
As the alpha scented him, John’s clothes dampened and he didn’t seem to care. How could this be real? How could his alpha submit to him? It made no sense. Alphas were territorial, possessive, aggressive, domineering, never did they submit to an omega,
“I want to breed you. Fill you with my pups.” John growled, thrusting his hips against Sherlock’s ass where he sat and Sherlock felt the hardness there.
“John… I do believe you are a gentleman tonight. Good heavens what would Mycroft say!” Sherlock smirked.
John bit his tongue because Sherlock couldn't see. He couldn't see that John loved him still and that all he felt for Mary was a love of friendship. John just nodded, turned to look away from the alpha, and without another word left his husband standing within a swarm of officers and agents.
“We stopped. I didn’t… I told her to leave,” Gregory murmured softly, head bowed, feeling guilty, though really they weren’t a couple and if he had slept with her it wouldn’t have been cheating. Mycroft was right, when you expressed feeling for someone, you should follow your words with actions as proof of your fidelity.
The door swung open mid-knock and John was met by the sight of an infuriated Harry. The anger at once faded and was replaced by alarm and confusion.
Sherlock's thoughts were broken at the sight of John's return. Relief filled Sherlock because he knew John would always protect him from his overbearing mother.
Fangs dug deep, piercing through the tender flesh and Sherlock couldn’t hold in the possessive growl that rumbled out of him. John was his. All his and he felt at peace, knowing he didn’t have to worry anymore, that everyone would know John had an alpha.
"Stop." Sherlock commanded and John did. Raising up to kneel before Sherlock, John watched him curiously.
“Okay?” John whispered on edge, not sure what Sherlock was consenting to, but his senses told him it was nothing good.
"Firstly Sherlock, don't call me and make me worry like that. Secondly, it's your mother. Tell her no."
A man, who John would later learn was detective inspector Gregory Lestrade, entered their home and requested Sherlock’s expertise. John had watched begrudgingly as his husband left and Mrs. Hudson soon went downstairs, promising to make them tea with biscuits.
.” Sherlock mewled, the bed creaking, his hips bouncing off the bedsprings, a layer of sweat materializing along his skin.
Pale fingers dug into the sheets, gripping tightly. Trembling legs parted further, strained at their limit. Heels dug into the bed all while a chest fluctuated with erratic breathing. Moaning deep from within his chest, Sherlock pressed his head further against the pillow, his belly blocking his view of John. But he could still feel him.
“Go, John. I’m afraid Sherlock has endured all he could today. I will be in touch.” Mycroft’s last statement felt like a sure promise and John held to it with such anticipation and hope, he couldn’t restrain the grateful smile he sent Mycroft.
Sherlock didn’t respond to the D.I., instead, Sherlock stepped in John’s direction, seeming adamant about saying something, and though his mouth parted in the starting of speech, nothing came out.
John had slept with so many people and it disgusted him. It hurt him. It made him angry. Yet, staring at his hand he could not see the stain of it. John did not smell dirty and defiled. He smelled of alpha... and of him.
That this feeling he had for Sherlock was love… John could scarcely believe it. But as Sherlock described love, John found he understood firsthand what it was to love. Yet, at the same time, John was angry—furious really. Sherlock loved this beta so completely, the same way John loved Sherlock. This was a destroying revelation, because if Sherlock loved this beta as much as John loved Sherlock, than it would mean that John’s love would forever be unrequited.
There was pressure, a tightness there, but it wasn’t painful—different, a little unsettling with the unaccustomed fullness of it all, but not painful. Sherlock spent more time familiarizing John with the fullness—John wasn’t in heat, this was different, and his body wasn’t willingly opening for breeding like it would during heat.
“You can’t imagine how much pain it caused me to… I’m so sorry John, but I couldn’t lose you. You would have died if I didn’t.”
John didn't think this was how it would end. Sherlock was at a loss and they couldn't run away from this.
There was shuffling on the other end and a curse. "Are you okay? Is it the pups?" John rushed worriedly.
John didn’t want him, was guarded around him. John feared Sherlock and would never trust him. Sherlock was an alpha, physically and mentally stronger, but Sherlock’s heart was something else entirely. Sherlock wished he had a heart tough and unyielding, much like John’s, but he didn’t. His heart was weak, easily affected. It was breaking bit by bit as his omega…his beautiful John rejected him time and time again.
” John whimpered, teeth bearing down on Sherlock’s bond mark, locking in place, his rhythm sporadic and Sherlock knew he was close.
Why was he trying so hard? What did he get out of this? Nothing. John was not ready to conceive — There was no reason for Sherlock to be so… tentative.
Sherlock palmed his eyes in one hand, shielding them from the harsh light of morning. Sucking in his bottom lip, Sherlock bit into it harshly and released a wounded moan.
The pain, it lingered, the burning sensation of being stretched to house such greatness was slowly lessening - the pleasure played an important part in that. The pleasure was slowly outweighing the pain of being claimed. Sherlock couldn’t deny the greatness that came with the never before felt phenomenal sexual awakening. It surpassed the experience of pleasuring himself. He truly found it difficult to understand his previous hesitation to copulate. It was most certainly better than he'd ever thought it could be with each second that passed and the building of goodness that consumed him, it became harder and harder to ever want it to end.
John smiled. Victor and his games. Though this one was rather fun. John was glad Victor talked him into playing it.
“John?” Sherlock said with astonishment and concern that maybe John was being a little too insistent.
John’s thoughts stuttered as Sherlock lowered himself and lay insistent kisses past his clavicle, over the center of his ribcage and lower still.
“He needs surgery immediately, because of the heavy internal impact he’s bleeding extensively. In order to protect your husband, I need to terminate the pregnancy.”
John laughed nervously and pressed Sherlock’s hand over his chest, allowing the silently panicking Sherlock to feel his racing heart.
John growled hungrily, gripping himself tightly, watching Sherlock stoke his belly again when he deduced just how much John liked it.
“I’m a doctor. Let me come through. Let me come through, please. No, he’s my husband. He’s my husband. Please.”
Of course Sherlock would have had other lovers. Sherlock must have had loads of lays. John wasn’t Sherlock’s first hand hold, hug, scenting, kiss, or fuck.
Sherlock's shoulders slouched; his steps faltered, but he didn't stop, and slammed the door behind him on his way out. He hated that he knew Mycroft was right. He would lose John if he aborted this pregnancy. Not physically, but emotionally. He knew, he wasn't blind. John was depressed. He was alone. He needed something, and right now that something - whether Sherlock understood it or not - was Victor Trevor.
"That won't happen," John bit out, grinding his teeth and holding back his anger, because Mary didn't deserve it, Sherlock did.
The ringing of his cell went off and John's blurred sight could hardly look for it. He was immobilized and struggled to catch his breath.
“It’s just a scratch.” Sherlock grumbled, not bothering to turn and address John’s presence. His only focus was on tending to his wound.
" John began, standing in front of the omega, arms crossed over his chest, breathing deep breaths, attempting to stem the curses that so wished to be dispelled. "What. Were. You. Doing?"
John stared at their interlaced hands and when he tried to slip his hand out, Sherlock tightened his hold. There was no possible way to pinch, scratch, or even attempt to snap the alpha’s fingers in this hold. Regardless, John yanked and tugged, twisting his own wrist trying to free himself, but it was futile.
Rocking and grinding down against John's fat thumb, feeling the hardness of his alpha's cock. The bulbous head of John's cock drizzled pre-come, wetting his stout cock in it and then--
John thought maybe Sherlock would grow to love him, but three months didn’t seem enough time for Sherlock. It only took John seconds to fall in love with his omega, but Sherlock may never grow to love John.
“You’ll spill it if you don’t remove your hand from your eyes.” John observed kindly, letting Sherlock know he wasn’t angry anymore, but not in so many words.
“Okay. I’ll just clean this up before heading to bed.” John mumbled, seeming put off, but nevertheless rose to his feet and began cleaning up after himself.
John shut his eyes and tried not to give to emotions if Sherlock was going to admit to the beliefs he held. God forbid it was worse than John thought.
When Harry finished buttoning up the coat, she retrieved two thick dull blue scarves and wrapped them around his neck. John was already hot enough as it was, but the additional wear was muddling what was left of his senses.
The sharp intake of breath from the alpha did not go unnoticed by Sherlock. Good. Sherlock needed John to react. He needed to treat the alpha after his punishment - that was what BDSM was after all. Then he could punish John once more with the distribution of this video.
“Call me if John’s health changes.” Mycroft snarled, unable to contain his malice with those images filling his mind.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips, but knew Sherlock wouldn’t hear her out, not when John Watson was missing. All the alpha had on his mind was finding John. He didn’t work cases. He didn’t leave his flat, but for the times when he traveled, chasing a lead in the hopes of finding John. Mrs. Hudson could barely get Sherlock to eat or care for himself.
Whenever John woke from a restful sleep, he found Sherlock wearing a silk blue robe, sitting on their bed and fiddling with his phone, reading something of great interest, reading books, looking over paper work, or jotting down notes. John grumbled with annoyance during these times, because only when John started touching Sherlock would the man realize he’d woken and then the alpha would willingly follow John’s lead.
John gaped disbelievingly at the closed door the alpha exited with both fascination and bewilderment.
Grimacing, his alpha roiling within frustrated, needing to dominate, yet realizing he had no right. It caused him conflicting emotions as he lowered his eyes to Sherlock's feet and tilted his head to the side, revealing his neck in absolute surrender.
“It’s not you!” John endeavored to console his mate, but Sherlock broke him off with a bitter laugh and shook his head, disbelievingly.
Sherlock shrugged off his robe, threw it over the dresser and joined John in bed. John was already waiting for him in the middle. Sherlock wrapped John into his arms and even knowing that it was early evening, he decided to turn in early, just so that he could be beside John.
Sherlock counted with the anesthesiologist, but each number became more difficult to utter as the drugs took effect and as he felt himself slip deep within his mind. The last thing to flash before his shut lids was an image of John. Sherlock relaxed and followed John into the darkness.
“That’s what I want mummy. I’ll marry such an alpha.” Sherlock promised proudly, knowing his mother would never find that kind of alpha and therefore ensuring he’d never mate.
When John grabbed his hand and pressed it against the omega’s flat belly and begged to be filled with Sherlock’s pups, something deep and primal was released. The very thought of John wanting to carry his pups, raise a family together…
“Jim Moriarty. Hi.” Moriarty waited for Sherlock to react in some way. When the alpha’s gaze remained fixed, gun steady and ready to fire, he added, “Jim? Jim from the hospital? Huh. Did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then I suppose that was rather the point… Don't be silly. Someone else is holding the rifle. I don't like getting my hands dirty. I've given you a glimpse, Sherlock—just a teensy glimpse—of what I've got going on out there in the big bad world. I'm a specialist, you see. Like you.”
“Yes, Lestrade, you interrupted. Let me guess, there’s a case you need my expertise on.” Sherlock grumbled acerbically, crabby, turning from the D.I. to retrieve his coat and scarf.
A hand pressed against his lower back when they were side-by-side (though never in crowded public areas). But Sherlock understood that public touches like that would only feed the media and God forbid they realize what their relation was towards one another. Inside a cab, John would seat himself in the middle and rest a hand on Sherlock's knee. When in public, at a crime scene, or home, John would clasp a gentle hold of Sherlock's arm and rub at it briefly before walking away. When they lazed about at home on John's day off and there was no case that required their attention, John would gravitate towards Sherlock wherever he might be. He'd lean down and scent Sherlock's neck as he experimented at the kitchen table, hum happily before walking away. When Sherlock sat in his gray chair reading a book or simply filing away information within his mind palace, John would sneak up from behind his chair, stroke a hand through his hair and dip low to scent his neck once more before leaving a flustered omega to contemplate the alpha's actions.
John watched, mildly disturbed Sherlock could dismiss their conversation so quickly in place of a—albeit interesting case. The moment Sherlock let Lestrade in,  the D.I. began debriefing the consultant on the case and urging him to go with him to the crime scene. Sherlock didn’t even pause before agreeing, retrieving his coat, scarf, and gloves.
John let out a hissing gasp, fisting Sherlock’s head of hair, jerking at it unkindly and gripped the alpha’s hand in a painful hold.
Sherlock said nothing for a brief moment, seeming to consider just how it made him feel. John suddenly felt Sherlock relax in his hold, shift his head back and closer still to John’s scenting while his arms folded over John’s wrapped around his waist.
Maybe time would heal these wounds he'd created. Maybe it wouldn't. John didn't know. What he did know was that he was regretful and he wished he could do something to right all the wrongs he'd committed.
John reluctantly lowered his shaking hands and his eyes fluttered open. What he found astounded him. There, kneeling before him was Sherlock, gazing up at him with intent.
"You don't love him?" Sherlock rasped what John had told him time and time again, yet still needing to hear it reaffirmed again.
Panting shakily Sherlock watched as the streaming cum decreased and his knot receded. When the last of his spunk sputtered out and the knot disappeared Sherlock’s body drooped back against the bed. His muscles relaxed and he lay there, breathing shakily for long moments, still pressing the towel to his nose, nuzzling it fondly.
"Please, Mycroft. I love you. I want you." Gregory husked, his lips dragging along a warm cheek and near those bloody enticing lips. Lips that had been taunting him for months.
Harry opened the car door and scooted backwards before grabbing a firm hold of John’s arms and hauled him out. John tried to stand straight, but the fever was at an unhealthy high and he toppled forwards and against Harry.
If he were to forgive Gregory. If he were to open his heart to him and be hurt... Mycroft shut his eyes, distantly hearing John's trembling breaths. Much like John, Mycroft would be destroyed.
Sherlock shuddered at the voice's warning. The voices were back. That one voice's reappearance at the alpha's house hadn't been a fluke. His alpha's claim hadn't rid them from his mind. Not yet. He was so far gone mentally when the bond was made that there was no telling when he would be fully back to himself.
“I hope to see you again Mr. and Mrs. Watson.” Sherlock was cordial as an aristocrat should be and without another word the tall man spun on his heel and forcefully tugged the immobilized John into moving.
“Yes. Yeah, right, good. So you’ve got something to go on, then? Good luck with that.” John said and then turned again as he started to walk away again.
Their gaze broke at the physical contact and Mycroft's eyes lowered to stare down at the hand resting on his knee. Swallowing back his nerves, Gregory stroked his hand over the government official's knee in what he hoped to be a pleasing way.
"I'm done with you, for now. You may shower or whatever it is you like. I have a video to edit." Sherlock turned his back on his mate and headed for his computer.
"I will force Sherlock's shifts. I will heal his omega. When he is recovered, I will leave him and he will start his life fresh without the reminder of what wrongs I've done to him."
"Shut up!" Sherlock hissed, raising the hand that wasn't aiming a gun at the mad criminal to his head. He gripped to his hair, willing his mind to quite itself.
John followed Sherlock into a stylishly decorated sitting room and opened his mouth preparing to lay out profuse apologies, plead that his omega not take offense to the affections of his alpha within. Before John could, Sherlock reared back, raised a hand in an instant voicelessly, demanding John remain silent.
“I’m sorry you misunderstood my feelings John. Know this and believe me when I say it’s only you, it has only ever been you, and it will forever be just you.” Sherlock’s voice was round, choking back on the sentiment that was all but overflowing in his eyes.
"No you don't. All you've ever done was for the betterment of you. You hold Sherlock so high, that he can't help but fail, and further prove undeserving to you. You punish him so easily and forgive him less than he deserves."
John wasn’t sure when he’d fallen asleep, but he’d been aware that the alpha remained awake as his eyes became heavy towards the early hours of morning. When he woke later that morning, he was alone in bed, and he frowned with annoyance as he could still scent the alpha on him. Rising from the bed, John headed straight for the bathroom, needing to shower and wash off as much of the alpha’s scent as was physically possible.
"I... I want sex. Lots of it." Sherlock didn't need a mirror to know that his face was most assuredly blazing red.
His eyes stung, and the racing of his mind couldn't determine the cause, or what it meant until liquid slid past the rims of his eyes and down his flushed cheeks. Tears? Sherlock had no reason to will the tears now. He wasn't working a case in which he needed to manipulate someone into getting what he wanted, and yet the tears came and would not stop, no matter how he struggled to stop them.
Curious as to what John was doing, but then his answer came. Sherlock bit his bottom lip hard, choking back a whimper when heated smooth lips pressed over his delicate skin.
One thing Sherlock took great comfort in was that they were now fully bonded and his sweet beautiful John was carrying his pups. Sherlock never thought himself a family man, but over the years, thoughts of John being the omega to his pups became a more intriguing idea. His alpha instincts sparked with such thoughts and practically salivated with the want of it. It would be so wonderful to have John—the one person that managed to break through his barriers and take full possession of his heart—be his husband, and father of their children. Sherlock’s perceptions changed, alpha instincts and love helped him develop a new desire, and that was to create a family with John.
The first DVD ended after thirty minutes and John replaced it with the second. John found himself blushing hotly, as he watched this particular lesson. He learned many things, but the one that stuck out to him most was that an alpha’s rut could be induced by an omega’s heat. Some sensitive alphas could scent a heat just before the signs began to show and their rut would begin soon after scenting their omega. Rutting usually lasted for as long as an omega’s heat did, it helped the alpha recuperate faster so that they could assist their omega to endure the three day heat cycle.
Warily looking up at Sherlock, John wasn’t sure if he’d said too much. Sherlock’s features were still unreadable.
John sat in the middle of his bed, back pressed against the wall, knees drawn up close to his chest. Resting his head onto his knees and hugging his legs, he stared blankly at the wall. His tired eyes stung each time he blinked them—three days without sleep and continuously crying would do that to a person.
John met cerulean blue eyes, flecked in silver and green, so beautifully singular. It amazed John that Sherlock’s eyes always seemed to change in shade, intensity and color depending on the lighting and the clothes he wore. It was always a welcomed surprise.
“Tell him you're alive.” John demanded, knowing his marriage would be questioned with this revelation, but that Sherlock would stop wasting away.
Sherlock stared suspiciously at him for a moment before the clattering of heels neared and both Sherlock and John turned to find Mrs. Holmes entering the living area once more, grinning like a complete nutter.
Every time John prepared himself to leave their flat and meet up with Victor, he'd first find Sherlock wherever he was. John would daringly place his hand on the omega's shoulder and give it a reassuring squeeze, and Sherlock--each and every time-- would stare at him and wait for it, knowing it was going to come.
"I'll fuck you into submission if you don't stop with the damn dirty talking!" John snarled harshly against his cheek and thrust a bit more than the tip inside, before Sherlock even realized he'd said all of that aloud.
"I wasn't laughing at you... Well, I was, but not like that. You're just so adorable. You worry about the most silliest things."
" Sherlock gave a triumphant cry, come shooting out and staining the comforter above, while slick squirted under and soaked the sheets below.
“You’ll need to find a second.” John forced the words out. Trying to be strong and rational, knowing how painful the idea was, but that it was now to be expected when he couldn’t possibly give Sherlock more than one child, and that child being a miracle baby. At least a second bond mate would be able to offer Sherlock a large family.
John stood in front of the Holmes’ mansion—it looked more like a medieval castle - and bit the inside of his cheek. What the hell was he to do if his intended was an entitled prat? No, John shouldn’t think so negatively. He might be a kind, understanding man. Someone John could grow to love.
John couldn’t let Sherlock be pushed into doing something like this. The photographs, the press, poor Mrs. Holmes would have a heart attack, and John really wouldn’t like everyone eyeing what was only meant for his eyes.
After dinner and a quick run for bananas at midnight, John was exhausted and couldn't do much but plunk himself on the couch and shut his eyes. The trip up another set of stairs to his bedroom was far too much for his liking. No, the couch was just fine.
"At least you can hear me and.... I would like to explain myself, though I know what I might say will not make my actions any less painful." John began, unsure how he could begin explaining himself.
“Does it hurt much?” John worriedly questioned, wondering if he’d been too rough, but he didn’t think he had been.
John was an alpha submissive and kept this secret from his Aunt Mona. His parents knew he was an alpha submissive, but they were gone now, and the only one left that knew was Harry. He knew she’d never tell anyone. John didn’t tell Mona, she was cruel enough as it was and he didn’t think he could tolerate the unkind words she’d utter with this discovery.
." John snarled, jerking his head back, tilting it to the side and captured Sherlock's mouth with his own, in a dirty wet kiss full of carnal pleasures to come.
“Dear child, I’m so very sorry if you’ve misunderstood my intentions. I did choose you because you are an omega, but not necessarily for the reasons you might have thought. I love my boys dearly and want the best for them. Since they were children, I’ve spoiled them, giving them the best of everything. I thought of their future, schooling, careers, and family. I wanted them to have the best bond mate and I knew that would be an omega. An omega is fiercely loyal, monogamous, nurturing, and can give them a large family full of love.”
Sherlock shut his eyes, hiding the lingering pain of being wounded by this lie and focused on the fact that John loved him and that it was his love for him and their pups that would prove his fidelity.
Maybe John should get Sherlock some new ones and throw this hideous thing away? Sherlock would like that, wouldn’t he?
"We've been standing here while you reconfirm that I will be on my best behavior for the last 13 minutes."
Mycroft sighed, exasperated with Sherlock's inability to give, even a little. Instead of responding to Sherlock, Mycroft turned his sights to their driver and gave him Sherlock's flat address. After, Mycroft retrieved his cell phone and dialed the alpha.
His quick steps turned to a sprint as he felt a sudden fear grow within him. When his alpha woke to find him gone, Sherlock didn't want to be here
Sherlock sighed excitedly through their kiss. John towered over him, straddling his hips and sat back. John’s hands pressed against Sherlock’s narrow waist, nudging unrelentingly, wordlessly willing him to push himself back and to the center of the bed. Sherlock answered John persistence with a soft chuckle, so impatient, always in a hurry, his lovely John. Sherlock crawled back, undulating his hips up to playfully and unheedingly thrust up between John’s robe and spread legs. He effectively rubbed his hard, pulsing wet cock encased in his pricey trousers against his alpha’s freely leaking cock hidden in the shadows of his robe.
Only when he added his mouth to it and started to kiss and suck at every place he could find while surrounding him, John couldn’t stand it any longer, threw his head back and moaned while closing his eyes.
It should be mentioned that exactly such brooding had been the thing that had led to drugs in the past.
He just stayed there, standing in front of John and smiled at him. They both smiled at each other for a moment until suddenly the phone rang.
His whole life passed by in his mind’s eyes and the only scenes that lingered were the ones with John.
“Hi, John. I wondered if Sherlock could look at these. We really stuck at them and I thought that he’s maybe bored and so…”
“He was on a journey for his work. He arrived a few hours later and found him. That was the only time I saw him showing emotions. He trembled and held his brother. It was heart-breaking.
There was only one person he knew who could give him answers. So he ate breakfast and went to his landlady who lives just across the street.
Sherlock regarded the other man and saw how uncomfortable he felt but at the same time, he seemed to blush a bit.
He didn’t want to hear something about the coming bonding ceremony and his future life with Sebastian.
Mr Watson looked at them bot0h, and then at the floor. John frowned and looked at Sherlock, who looked surprised but content; they waited in silence until he finally spoke.
He didn’t cook; he threw himself in danger in every opportunity and he was definitely not submissive.
“Mrs Hudson, the reason why I’m here is that I wanted to ask you if something happened in my house. I mean what is the history of it? Who lived there before me?”
He looked even in the closet. Nothing. Then he checked the other rooms. There was nothing. He decided that if that had happened again he would go and find the source while he was hearing it.
Sherlock could only stare at him and then slowly John was leaning closer until their lips were only inched apart.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, like Lestrade said…he’s already confessed everything. I was right about the liquid nitrogen. The police here were not that unreasonable, they were happy to listen to me and so everything went smoothly. What about you two? Is everything settled between you?”
John didn’t know what this meant and he couldn’t ask Sherlock at the moment because he was with his future Alpha.
He groaned, and turned his face towards the owner of the hand. The soft black curls, haphazard in sleep above porcelain skin, the closed eyes, even breaths. Sherlock was sleeping like a rock. It was a rare scene, because Sherlock slept so seldom - but when he did finally give in, he slept like a dead man, and threw his limbs around ruthlessly.
They breathed the same air and Sherlock waited with a wild pounding heart until John closed the gap.
As soon as he reached his home he was determined to not let anything of what had happened to be seen on his face.
He waited for a few moments and then Sherlock slowly opened his eyes again and opened his mouth. The words that came out of it were nothing more than a whisper-his voice rough.
First, he had a terrible nightmare and then the bangs happened. He was overwhelmed by panic again but this time he stayed in bed.
He couldn’t restrain a moan. His eyes snapped open. He hadn’t even realised he had closed them. His erection was stubbornly still there but he refused to ruin the water he was momentarily in.
Mycroft would finally believe him. Mycroft would maybe even finally realise that he wasn’t a child anymore and that he was able to take care of himself.
One that wanted to be cared of. One that was soft and sweet like a typical Omega. One that would love to spend his or her life birthing children and taking care of the household and his or her Alpha.
He was aware that he was standing now in front of John only in his pants and so he tried to force his body under control as John was about to slide his pants down.
John raised his eyebrows, too surprised to reply immediately. Then, he saw an opening, and started speaking slowly.
With one last look at his daughter who smiled at him while he carried her, he entered the party with John.
John laughed and led him into the kitchen where he gave him a cup of tea and explained what had happened.
“But your body needs rest. So try to relax and please call me if anything happens or if you need any help.”
Then they both giggled, and the sound echoed past their as yet unannounced guests. Mrs Hudson signalled to Mr Watson that they could enter now.
John decided it was time to return to work and so he called his workplace to let them know that he would come back.
“So… now listen. It’s been one week now, John. One week! I think it is safe to say that there won’t be a light or something similarly ridiculous for me. So… I started to think about the thing you mentioned… the ritual.  However I still think that you’re crazy for wanting it but so I have to admit that I’m even madder than you are because I want it to.”
Sherlock had said that so fast that John had to concentrate to keep up with it but he did and now he couldn’t stop his big smile that was now on his face.
“No…it’s not like that. I mean I know that she has feelings for me and that was always useful in the past but I would never…”
Sherlock didn’t answer and waited until he was alone. Then he let a breath go he didn’t know he had been holding.
Cody’s yellow cheeks turned purple and then white as a lorry passed by catching the insignificant shining of the street lights nearby.
“Alright. What he said to you about me… I mean, that warning he gave you... I think that’s exactly what happened to him.”
Sherlock’s head had snapped towards him, watching the tense lines in John’s face and his worried look.
“After that, I deduced that the barkeeper was also working at the zoo. Later, I overheard that Ember told someone that she - quote -  ‘was so happy when they arrived’ and that she ‘was so sad that she couldn’t work with them because they’re so cute but who would have thought that she was allergic to them?’
This alarmed him immensely because usually he only got tons of texts from him so he hurried to a quiet corner and answered it.
The man before him frowned and for a while they both sat there in silence. John was surprised that his father broke it; his father looked even more surprised. The words poured out of him like a secret long-kept; quiet, afraid, ashamed, angry.
“Oh, thank God, you made tea. You know I also tried making it while you were gone but I just didn’t get the taste how you make it and so I didn’t like it.”
He smiled and John returned it and turned his hand which was still caught under Sherlock’s to entwine their fingers.
“Yes, John. She was a really poor girl. However, she had a teddy bear with a red bow-tie which she always carried with her and he was also with her when she died.”
John felt a fit of irrational anger in himself. He hadn’t realised how much he had hoped that everything would work.
John glared good-naturedly at Sherlock, so he pushed himself up on his elbows, giving his best contrite look.
“Enough! I just wanted to help you! But if that’s how you want to thank me then no! I’ll just go to bed. Good night!”
This had made him so angry that he had stormed out of the classroom and avoided this topic at all costs until he could no longer.
Obviously, this didn’t make any sense because the Alpha could protect himself and was usually the caretaker but it seemed like some invisible switch had been pressed which caused him to act as he acted.
“I spoke with Dimmock. He knows who Sherlock Holmes is and he said that he worked with him. He also said that he died. So this part of your story seems to be true. Now you said you found some notations of him. Where are they?”
“No, no. That was the right thing. I’m just so confused now. I don’t know whether that's an excuse to behave like he has been. Should I still be angry with him?”
“No, he texted me earlier that he was able to end his shift earlier and that he would come here. Didn’t he text you too?”
I just want to mention that the second half of this chapter is written by the best co-author in the world :)
The next day they both acted like nothing was going to happen, they talked about meaningless stuff and avoided the topic.
“I think it’s obvious that you’re in greater need of a cleaning than me. And don’t look at me like that. I’m fine. You can take a shower and come back and I’ll still be fine. So go.”
“We have a million moments like that ahead of us. But yes… I know what you mean. It’s a perfect morning.”
When he came home he had about one hour left before his psychologist would come. So he decided to take a shower. After showering he noticed that he forgot to shave and so he decided to do just that.
“John, what’s up with that Sherlock? He seems like a very strange man.  I don’t think you should live with him. Why don’t you look for another flat? I’ll give you the money if you haven’t enough.”
Then he stood up and walked towards Sherlock who also stood up because there was no way that he wanted to seem smaller than him.
For John, they had put a wool blanket around him which made him look like he was wearing a wool jumper.
Sherlock looked apologetic, but he couldn’t repress a grin, and shook his head. He bent down to take a closer look at the body while a woman screamed in the distance as the other guests started to notice the body.
Sherlock watched as John’s shoulders sank lower and lower and the pain in his eyes and face became greater and greater.
“I don’t want to just lie here and stare at the ceiling. And what if everything fails and I die again? I have too little data to know what will happen. I can’t just rest. My brain wouldn’t allow it.”
He had presented earlier before everyone else and when it had happened he clearly hadn’t understood the fuss.
He only knew that as soon as he saw John or better smelled him and had confirmation that he was indeed alive that he had to care for him.
After two hours he was satisfied with his work. He had dug a hole that was almost two metres deep and two metres wide.
They reluctantly let go of each other first sighing and then chuckling. Then John felt the need to finally say it.
It was the first time that he could taste something and this was remarkable. He couldn’t stop a moan.
As soon as they entered the room, John and Sherlock froze. John stood in the living room, the ruined jumper in his hands, while Sherlock was standing in front of his microscope in the kitchen, burned material under the scope.
The woman had dark long hair which hung loosely on her back. Her lips which were currently formed into a smile were painted in a colour that could only be described as blood red. She wore a black dress which left nothing to the imagination. It was skin tight and ended just above her knees. Her shoes looked almost dangerous and had ridiculously high heels.
John was just enjoying himself, leaning at the kitchen counter and sipping at his tea when Sherlock suddenly yelled at him from John’s chair in the living room while glaring at him.
John was sitting in his chair, sleeping. He was full of dirt and sweat and Sherlock could genuinely say that he never saw someone who was more beautiful.
As he came back into the living room he found Sherlock indeed exactly where he had left him which only showed how badly he could move.
The last thought he had was that he would never be able to tell the people that he had solved the case.
Three hours later, Sherlock arrived home from Bart’s and found John, sitting in his usual chair, looking like a stone statue.
Sherlock wiggled impatiently under him and John made little hush sounds while leaving kisses over his chest on his way down.
A pair of white shoes squeaked on the floor when Grace Wilkinson, all messy hair and tight lips, stepped out of the cabin and seemed to look anywhere but in the mirror, till he managed to cross her gaze.
“It’s not my fault that you believe me anything. Um… yes, I think I’m going to grab the least gruesome ones.”
In an instant, John was back on the bed and tried to look into Sherlock’s eyes while he tried to avoid John’s gaze.
“Why should I do that? As far as I know, you could just be a psychopath who wants to kill me as soon as I’m alone with him.”
Sherlock rubbed himself dry as far as he could and then eyed the clothes. It was a sleeping shirt and pyjama trousers – both in blue. He smiled at that, remembering the conversation they had had about their favourite colours.
Now Sherlock took a deep breath in, and gave an answer that was neither the relevant truth, nor a lie.
That made Sherlock stop mid-walking. He shot John a curious look. When John had sobered, he asked him why he was laughing and when he had explained to him, Sherlock’s corner of the mouth lifted.
He pulled out slowly, careful not to fall on Sherlock, and collapsed beside him. They were both breathing heavily and unable to move for a while. Then Sherlock rolled to the side, smiling at John, and John faced him and smiled back.
As soon as he saw John he felt familiar warmth spreading in his chest that he always felt looking at John since he met him six months ago and his façade slightly dropped.
“Yes, and I think I found the best solution. When I was alive- the first time- I always wore suits. They were of course tailored but if I went to my tailor he would inform Mycroft immediately and I don’t want that. So… I’ll write down my measurements for you and you’ll go with them to him and get me some clothes.”
“Look. In our files is no entry about a Liam Bellamy and it’s a really serious accusation to say that he’s a serial killer. I have no proof and you have no proof of that. If you’re willing to let your charges against Mr Bellamy drop, I would say that you can go.”
Sherlock looked him in the eyes once more, a silent thank you, a silent promise to be there for him once the death was explained, before he turned and went back to the body. John imagined him ducking uninvited under the tape, silently beginning his process of methodical investigation, with police officers watching his work that looked more like a daydream.
The curls, that were just beginning to grey while his hair had been completely grey for a few years, which was terribly unfair, were tickling his nose while his mate studied his screen.
John had seriously the nerve to chuckle at that but he stopped abruptly as Sherlock was sitting up and grabbing the Alpha’s length.
It was one day before he originally should bond with Sebastian Wilkes and due to the fact that he had ignored every call of his mother she decided to show up together with Mycroft.
He let Sherlock’s gaze swallow him completely. It helped him calm down. It was as if the two of them lived alone in their own safe bubble, where no one could ever harm them.
With that Sherlock smiled and snuggled himself contently against his partner until John’s stomach rumbled pretty loudly.
Sherlock watched him expectantly, knowing something was coming, and just waited until John wanted to talk. It didn’t take long.
“See! It’s ridiculous! I mean I know since I was a teenager that I’m also attracted to men but that doesn’t mean that I want to shag every man I see! In fact, Sherlock is the first man I have ever been  intimate with! And oh yes! Another great example! Sherlock! He’s gay and I’m his first boyfriend! He’d never ever even kissed anyone properly until he met me, so there you have it!”
“Not well. I mean I already told you. My muscles are clearly cramping and my skin is sore. And everything is too bright, too loud and smells too much. It’s obvious that my senses are overloaded.”
“John. Obviously, my insufferable brother and I had to chare a room until our parents died. Since then Mycroft slept in their old room.”
“Yes, sure. Just a little family drama. And right when Sherlock and I wanted to storm off, just to add insult to injury we stumbled over the body of a family member.” ”
Sherlock freed his left hand only to replace it with his right one while turning on his side, looking at John.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson told me about that. She said you were really excited. But wait…a consulting detective?”
“You were an army soldier. How do I know? Your hair, tan and posture tell me, soldier. Your advice to Mrs Hudson tells me, doctor. You were wounded- shot in your left shoulder. I saw you often enough without a t-shirt so let’s not talk about that.”
“I don’t know what happened to you that you have such a bad opinion on every homosexual human, but I couldn’t let you say something like that about Sherlock. I just couldn’t.  He’s the most brilliant and most human and loving person I have ever met, and I love him so much…and if you now decide that no one is allowed to talk to me, just like you did with Harry… then fine. Because if you force me to choose between you and Sherlock, it will always be Sherlock. Always.”
“Oh of course! I would be glad to show it to you. And don’t worry- I’ll make you an affordable price. What’s your name, my dear?”
With that Lestrade turned around and left the room, while at the same time at home a wreck called Sherlock was pacing in the living room sick with worry.
He avoided Sherlock’s gaze and nodded and turned around as fast as he could. He almost ran to his room.
The touching wasn’t good because their scents would linger at each other, if they wanted it or not and so at least the Omega could fear his reputation because people would assume that they had been intimate with said Alpha whose scent was all over them without being bonded.
“Are you sure? I mean, I don’t think that your father wants anyone to know. It’s just bad luck for him that I can read people that easily.”
The killer was a heavy man and so Sherlock gasped desperately for air but only a few moments later John was there and pulled the man off from him.
Sherlock hoped that he wasn’t about to get sick or worse: He hoped that his heat wouldn’t decide to come way too early due to the stress the last few days.
John considered taking it but he decided against it because he thought it was probably too exaggerated. He went to the stairs to go downstairs without switching the lights on. As soon as he reached the living room he had to admit that there was absolutely nothing.
As soon as John got rid of the last piece of his clothes he crawled over Sherlock and started to kiss him.
Sherlock felt how John nuzzled at his hair and how his hands were lying protectively on his stomach and he fell asleep like this, smiling.
He didn’t have himself under control as he was used to. That was the main reason why the next words escaped him when John’s wet eyes met his.
John took a deep breath, and started telling Sherlock everything he had learned about his father. It was messy, illogical, but Sherlock followed it without comment until John had run out of information to pass on and feelings to express, and they sat there in silence. Only their breathing could be heard.
“Oh, how impolite of me not to introduce myself. I’m Mycroft Holmes and this was once my house so it isn’t farfetched that I still have a key for it. But now to the reason why I’m here. I tried to visit my brother’s grave only to find it empty. I have to admit that I was indeed shocked by that and so I watched all of the material of the security cameras.”
An hour later said detective stood in the living room. He looked expectantly at John because Sherlock was nowhere to see. John chewed on his lips and shrugged. Then he called.
John went in and put the clothes onto the toilet lid. Then he grabbed the towel and stood in front of the bathtub.
The other man was silent for a while and John didn’t think he would get an answer anymore but then he spoke with a shrug.
“And…you had a psychosomatic limping that’s why you have a cane and a psychologist named Francesca who wants you to move into a mental clinic.”
Sherlock shrugged, reaching for some of the gifts and stacking them into John’s arms, and taking the rest of them himself.
John thanked her, and as soon as he’d finished the chore, he sifted through the mail - and nearly fainted.
“He was a soldier and a doctor, and I’m so proud of him. I’m proud that he didn’t become such a wimp like a lot of his old friends, even if he does live in London.He’s really made an independent life for himself. I mean, did you hear what happened to Michael’s son? You wouldn’t believe it, after all the rugby he played growing up! He became a fucking poof!”
“Well… the day I found the last missing piece of the case I was so happy that I didn’t observe my surroundings enough and so… when I came home the killer of the victims of the case was already here and before I could do something against it, he killed me.”
John took the dagger in his left hand and slowly cut himself in his right hand so that his dominant hand wasn’t damaged.
John was still in the bathroom but after a few minutes, he could hear the bathroom door opening and closing.
He was intended to let Sherlock do whatever he wanted so he stood still while his partner started to caress his chest and shoulders with his hands.
“Very well. I worked with a detective inspector Dimmock who was responsible for that case. You should ask to speak to him. Maybe you could tell him that you found notations from me where I explained everything.”
This man brought him back and liked him for inexplicable reasons. For him he would fight against the pain, he decided. He took a deep breath and forced his body to sit.
“Listen, I’m sorry. I know that this isn’t true. I was just a lame attempt of being funny. Please forgive me?”
True to his promise he never mentioned his proposition again to John the next days what didn’t mean that he wasn’t constantly thinking about it.
Suddenly he had to stop pacing. He felt something. This alone was really astonishing but his whole body started to prickle – exactly the same feeling as when a limp is asleep and is waking up slowly. Only that is was at his whole body.
Currently, he was working on his book about their daughter, who was the reason why they could retire peacefully.
There would be another one like him. This time the father couldn’t help so this one would be noticeably smaller than him.
“No one? Really? Okay, I will tell you this very slowly so that every single one of you will understand. The barkeeper, her ex-boyfriend, mixed panda hair into her drinks. The allergens killed her.”
Then he climbed down until he stood next to the coffin. He took a deep breath and unscrewed the coffin.
“Look, it was all a bit of a shock to me. But I thought about what you said, and I think that maybe you’re right.”
Sherlock remembered himself making deductions about Misses Hamshire’s cheating Alpha mate when suddenly she had called him out.
just to mark the undeniably pleasant part of it. But as widowed husband and mourning father – not to mention ex-long-term asylum guest – Liam Bellamy was a bit suspicious when it came to pleasure.
But then he saw him. There was already another one like him, standing across of him, only thirty centimetres away.
Then Lestrade said that he would tell them if he found something new and they all said their farewells but Molly.
There was clearly the scent of an aroused unbonded Alpha and what was even more important there was the scent of a frightened Sherlock.
“Oh for god’s sake! You’re honestly the best-looking man or even person I have ever seen in my entire life!”
“The only reason why I even tried this ritual and wanted to be here again was John. So… I see no point of me being alive if he is dead so I see no problem there.”
Then John started to make dinner and went to bed afterwards. They barely talked to each other, both lost in their own thoughts.
The older brother worked for the government but was always so reserved so that I don’t know more about him.
When John got back with a heavy bag full of supplies he finally found Sherlock sitting in his usual chair.
“The next thing I know that after a few days of my death, I was suddenly here. At first, I was just confused but then I realised that I was dead. That I was dead and a ghost. I couldn’t leave the house and many other things.”
John watched Sherlock full of worry. He was alive now that much was clear but he had been miserable. Maybe this would never go away and he would have to live in pain forever. John didn’t know if he could live with that guilt.
“I won’t let you speak to my mate further like this! You don’t know anything about us! And surely you aren’t able to look into the future to tell what I may have done!”
“I’m going to Balfour. I’ll find him and get him here. He has a bar there. I’ll leave tomorrow and I don’t know how long it’ll take to get him here because he’s no longer a citizen of Britain but I’ll do my best.”
“Look, John here’s no one beside you and me. You told me that you had a lot of nightmares and sometimes they can linger after we woke up. Furthermore, you had a really eventful time and you have a stressful job and not a lot of sleep. So it’s perfectly normal that you start to hallucinate.”
Soon John had become a part of his life, he hadn’t even noticed it until he couldn’t see him one week because he had been away to celebrate something with his family.
In terms of me leaving Sherlock… I have no intentions to leave him. I mean ever. I was never happier than I’m right now and that’s thanks to him.
“Ah… right. I brought you some clothes but your suits will take a few days so you have to live with that until then.”
During the whole drive, John was silent due to the fact that Sherlock seemed ready to rip everyone’s throat out which was new.
John looked up to look in his boyfriend’s face. “Yeah, sure. I mean, I just told my whole family that I like to shag you, but besides that…”
Sherlock was speechless. He needed a few long embarrassing moments until he could stutter an answer.
John escaped his home, and his father, by joining the army. After that, he never returned to his family, choosing to stay in London.
With these last words, he let himself fall into his chair and sobbed silently while swiping his face.
“Just be aware, John. One night he’ll sneak into your room and try to fuck your ass. I warned you, so when it happens, I don’t want you to come running home to me!”
They had been a couple for four months now, and had known each other for six months - but John still couldn’t believe that he could call the man before him his own.
“Oh don’t worry dear, we only want to give you two a few moments to talk and get to know each other a bit better.”
They stared at each other for what felt like an eternity, until Sherlock slowly reached out to kiss John.
“Yes, hello Missis. I heard about a house that you want to rent. I mean it’s probably silly that I even ask because how could I even afford a house but I met my friend Mike the other day and he…he told me that it wasn’t that expensive and that it was still available and well, to be honest, it is kind of my last hope.” He scratched on his neck and felt himself blush because he felt so foolish even asking.
There he turned every information he had forth and back but he couldn’t find an acceptable solution.
Sherlock was staring at his mother who was sitting opposite him at the table in a café she wanted to meet.
Everyone in the room was staring at him but John was the one who finally spoke while crouching down in front of him.
“I know but I … there’s no possibility. It was nice to talk about that but it’ll never be reality. I’m sorry. I want to be alone for a while… sorry.”
The door to the office swung open and banged to the wall while the detective strode in wearing a black coat.
Seconds before they both reached their orgasms, John reached under Sherlock's stomach to pull him upright.
“Alright. I think it’s time for me to leave. I’ll visit again to look after you- both of you, alright?”
So he had watched him a bit- not stalked! - And had finally decided that it had been time to go shopping.
With John’s chest pressed to his back, they both came and at the same time John’s teeth penetrated the skin at Sherlock’s neck.
“Of course. My apologies for disturbing you. It was a pleasure to meet you, Dr Watson and Sherlock?”
This was a blunt lie. Sherlock had lived there alone for many years before he met John - but John didn’t even think about correcting him.
That was the reason why he waited a half an hour after John went to bed before he crept to his room.
“Thanks. But no I would never stop working. Although I had to promise John that I wouldn’t bring myself into life-threatening situations until the baby is here.”
Sherlock was still standing in front of the kitchen counter so he couldn’t ignore him any longer and so he bit his lips and let his gaze wander until he looked into Sherlock’s face.
“Thank God,” John said with a sigh of relief. “Thought I was going to have to move out for a second there.” He leaned back on his heels and looked at Sherlock almost shyly. “So, where were we?”
All this time, he had thought he was doing this by himself, but Sherlock had been there in the background, parenting Rosie too.
Tears began to well up in his eyes, and he felt the burn of shame climbing up his throat. All he could hear was his dad’s voice, slurring and loud, telling him to “be a man.” John rubbed at his eyes, but the tears kept coming. His nose was dripping; he hadn’t cried like this in years. Thank God Mrs. Hudson had said she’d watch Rosie for the night. He didn’t want her to see him break down like this.
John pulled back, wiping his nose with his wrist. He couldn’t look at Sherlock. “With Rosie. With everything. Even—even with you. Nothing feels right. I don’t know what to do.” John’s voice cracked.
John wet his lips and leaned forward. Sherlock’s lips felt soft against his own. Sherlock kissed back with gentle pressure, but suddenly pulled away, his face carefully composed. “Don’t do this. You’re upset and you want comfort. I’m sorry, but I refuse to be used like that,” Sherlock said quietly and stood up.
John grabbed his wrist before he made it to the door. “God, Sherlock, that’s not what’s happening here!”
John shut his door and fell back onto his bed without turning the lights on. He put his palms over his eyes and sighed. He didn’t know if he could do it anymore. He’d been back at Baker Street for six months. Rosie was now nine months old and growing more every day.
John didn’t think before he did it. Some base part of him knew what he needed and would not go without it.
Oh, John thought. Why hadn’t he noticed this all along? Why had he missed this? He thought back now to things Sherlock had done.
Sherlock reached over the bed to turn on the lamp, bathing the room in dull yellow light. John looked him in the eyes finally. Sherlock’s eyebrows were scrunched together; he looked tired. “John, if you’re not comfortable here, I’ll have Mycroft find you another flat. I’ll—”
John thought Victor was looking for a ring maybe to consider if his friend Sherlock was married now, not because the omega was genuinely interested in him.
When John was divested of the alpha’s clothing, Harry and the landlady wandered off to talk privately. John turned over on his side, facing the back of the couch, arms tucked between his chest and the couch; he pulled in his legs and lay in the fetal position. He shut his eyes, and once more focused on his breathing. The alpha’s scent was driving him mad, his fever was rising, his convulsions were severe, his anus contracted painfully, and he could slowly feel the slick dampen the cushions of the couch. He should feel utterly mortified, knowing for weeks after, the scent of his slick would linger on the alpha’s couch, but right at this moment none of that matter. It didn’t matter that he’d come to the alpha’s flat uninvited, that the alpha didn’t want to see him, no; John didn’t care about how the alpha wanted to avoid him. He didn’t care because right now his omega wanted Sherlock. This was about purpose and his purpose was to be filled with his alpha’s seed for the next three days, impregnated, and tend to their pups.
Sherlock sensed it immediately, something was off about John. In the short time between getting out of bed and now eating breakfast, something had shifted within the alpha. John was the first to break eye contact whenever their gazes met. Sherlock didn't have much of an appetite, but he was trying. He'd had every intention of finishing his plate this morning, but the way John was acting now caused his will to fault and appetite to diminish to naught.
“Good.” Sherlock spoke, though John sensed that there was more unvoiced in the abruptness of his words and how saddened blue gazed back out the window and to the bustling city.
Time passed in silence. John eventually stood and released Sherlock's hand to leave the room. He returned minutes later and proceeded to help an unresponsive Sherlock remove his shoes and slip under the comforter. Then John stripped himself, until he wore nothing but plain white boxer-briefs.
Sherlock knew though. Of course Sherlock would notice and it would make the consulting detective smirk knowingly before at last coming to John's defence and viciously deducing those who'd spurned him with their most hidden secrets. Embarrassing them to the point of quickly making their exit away from the mad genius and his continuous list of all the things they wished to remain hidden.
John shook his head, his mind spinning, but he needed to say this, “Don’t sign the consent. Please. Whatever they say, don’t sign it. I’m begging you. You don’t have to forgive me for my cruelty, but I beg you, don’t sign it!”
When Mycroft rose and Sherlock flicked his bow warningly, John grinned softly. Sherlock was just so marvelously eccentric.
John whined and the alpha answered his sorrow with a pained whimper of his own. John felt lean arms wrap him in a cocoon of warmth. The scent of his alpha overwhelmed his senses. John didn’t realize it until now, but his hands were wound around the alpha’s narrow waist and had drawn him completely against his shuddering form.
Sherlock seated himself beside John, removed his dark blue scarf and wound it around John’s neck. The omega in John cooed happily,
, but how it hurt to admit. How it pained his heart greatly to acknowledge he needed John... wanted John by his side always.
His career... being a consulting detective, that was a hard one to bare loosing, but... if he deleted it all. Deleted not just John, but the last ten years of his life, maybe than he could find another way to be happy.
Didn’t John understand? Couldn’t he see that all Sherlock wanted was him? It was apparent he’d been right, John didn’t remember that night they’d spent out in the snow, nor Sherlock’s words.
, but we will have to have another ceremony for her. It can be small, at the court house and maybe dinner at a restaurant or something after.”
All at once, John felt cold hard realization take hold of him. Staring up at the trembling omega, John knew he’d gone too far. Sherlock stared at John in complete bafflement and palmed his newly made bond bite.
Sherlock knew just what buttons to press and maybe John was still feeling upset—what with Sherlock deleting him from his memory as if he were nothing. Sherlock punching him with no regard to who he was… well, that was the last straw. And yes, John knew he had anger issues, but was he really to blame for losing his temper and attacking Sherlock without hesitation after being treated less than a husband?
"But you liked it?" Sherlock had to ask again, he didn't want to have taken it too far, though he didn't think he had, but he could be wrong.
That night after John readied for bed and slipped under the sheets he remained awake, silently waiting for the alpha’s return. No matter their arguments or how angry John was, Sherlock always returned to scent him. Sherlock never came. John watched through the window as the dark sky brightened with the return of the sun. Sherlock did not attend breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and he never came to find him during the day.
The night seemed to go by so slowly. Eventually Harry stepped in and snuck John out just as Mrs. Holmes’ great aunt entered and everyone was momentarily distracted. John then led Harry out to the yard and the two recalled every one of the dreadful members of the Holmes’ family.
— searching through the layers of his mind palace, opening countless doors in search of something he needed to remember. He couldn’t find it. It was driving him mad and he screamed within his mind palace, breaking vases, upturning chairs, knocking down book shelves, taking a sledge hammer to walls, trying to find the secrets of his mind palace.
Lestrade’s analysis made sense and Sherlock couldn’t fathom how he’d overlooked all of these apparent signs. How could he be so distracted? Then Lestrade’s last statement was a slap to the face. Love… His feelings for John hindered his intelligence where John was concerned.
“You’re… sick.” John snarled, but didn’t refuse; he couldn’t. He needed to save his sister and he was willing to do anything.
Mycroft inhaled a deep breath, held it for a lengthy pause, before exhaling all his frustration. If Sherlock wasn't going to do what needed to be done, he would have to intervene.
“It exposes weakness.” Sherlock shakily admitted, and met John’s gaze, pale gray eyes open, vulnerable.
"It's what I need. I need space to work on myself. You are wonderful Sherlock. I just want to be the best I can be, so I don't bring you down."
John’s belly was flat and hard now, but in several months it would be so round, and John’s face would be pudgy, and he’d smell heavily of Sherlock and kin, and
Sherlock had absolutely no idea if John’s team was winning or not. He never cared to learn how rugby worked. All he came for was his omega, God,
They spoke for a length about everything that really mattered, but John was sure to stay clear of anything in relation to Moriarty, and thankfully Sherlock didn’t want to speak on that matter either. When they’d finished their dinner, John encouraged Sherlock to shower and ready himself for bed while John took the time to clean up. It took far longer that John anticipated, and after he’d finished up, he made quick work with showering and readying himself for bed as well.
John didn’t do any of those things. He couldn’t muster up the courage to do so, not when he didn’t know where he stood with Sherlock. Was Sherlock his? Or did Sherlock still long to have that unknown beta?
Sherlock smiled softly at John, retrieved his room key, and bid John a good night’s rest before entering his room and quietly shutting the door behind him. John could only imagine what Billy thought of them: the well-known consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and his husband John Watson renting two rooms. They didn’t even share the same last name and really that was John’s doing. One of the few things their parents had allowed John to decide was whether or not he wished to change his surname. Originally he’d refused changing it, but that was before he knew Sherlock, before he fell in love. Now, John didn’t quite mind the idea of being John Holmes. It had a nice ring to it. Made him feel whole and wanted.
Moriarty stepped away from John, unruffled his fine suit and looked up at Sherlock, “Westwood. Do you know what happens if you don't leave me alone, Sherlock? To you?”
“John.” Sherlock said John’s name with such authority and resignation that John was powerless to defy the alpha’s next request: “Sit here.”
“I…” John was floundering. Expressing himself in words was so very difficult for him and now Sherlock was hurting, believing John was rejecting him, suppressing his omega’s cycles because he was repulsed by their bonding when he was doing it for himself, to save himself from the pain of being reminded he was broken… from Sherlock realizing how useless he was.
“In which you enumerate two hundred and forty different types of tobacco, which is why nobody’s reading your web site. Right then… Dyed blonde hair, no obvious cause of death except for these speckles. Whatever they are.” John made a sharp comeback.
“I hate you. I hate you because I will never meet our pups. I will never get to hold them in my arms and tell them they are loved… They won’t ever get to experience life. There is no absolution for you Sherlock, I won’t give you any.”
He’d asked Lestrade to watch over John after Sherlock’s fall, because he needed someone who he could trust and the omega felt safe around. John wouldn’t allow his parents, nor would he allow Mycroft’s parents to keep watch of him and he understood this. Mrs. Hudson was a good care provider in the day time and Lestrade made a great care provider in the night.
The bedroom was pristine as ever and completely empty. As John turned to leave the room he heard the muffled shuffling at his side and then noticed a shadowed figure through the distorted glass door of the bedroom bathroom.
There was a knock on their door and a moment later John’s childhood gynecologist entered the room. An elderly woman entered, silver curls pulled back in an elegant French braid, kind green eyes sparkling in the brightly lit room.
None of this was right, but Sherlock took charge, made it appear as if he desired to claim his mate then, and not during his omega’s heat cycle, which was traditionally done. Mycroft stared on knowingly as Sherlock spun and dragged the struggling omega out of the room.
Sherlock was a man of science. He’d read countless books on human anatomy. He’d performed hundreds of dissections on cadavers, but this… Staring at the perspiring, flushed skin of his husband, completely bare and open to his view, stirred something within. Sherlock felt shame and embarrassment, two emotions foreign to him. Raising a hand to palm one side of his face, Sherlock hated how hot his skin felt from the blush claiming him.
“I should wash up.” John murmured faintly, shoving Sherlock away with more force that he’d expected and Sherlock remained kneeling on the ground watching, pained when John rose from the floor and stumbled away.
Sherlock stared blankly at John. Blinking within the silence and trying to understand this new information.
John could hardly resist Sherlock as it was, but he couldn’t give in. Not yet. He had to play his role. Keep being the good little omega for his alpha, make Sherlock want him, love him, then he would give in fully. Hold Sherlock close, feel the strength of his alpha, the fullness of him as he claimed him.
“Oh, was I a bother? Would it have been better for me to leave the two of you alone? Allow that slutty omega to… how do they say it? Oh, yes—cop a feel under the table?”
"I love you." John bowed low in his chair, wrapping his own arms around himself, trembling. Unable to stop speaking of what he'd always felt, but had repressed for so long.
The breathing on the other end stilled and John wondered if they’d hung up, but then words came swiftly, resonating in his ear.
"Stop... Please, stop." It was noticeably causing John a lot of grief to hear these words from Sherlock.
“Sherlock, love, I needed to calm the rush of heat. Don’t want to forget how we conceived our first litter.” John soothed, pressing a sloppy kiss to Sherlock’s left nipple, and rested his head comfortably on the taller man’s chest.
A hand pressed to his shoulder and squeezed lightly, a hard body pressed against his own before John's arms wrapped around him and embraced him with affection.
The bacon strip in Sherlock’s hand fell with a clatter against his plate and Sherlock’s features became all the more alert.
"Answer me, damn it!" Sherlock yanked at John's hair. The alpha's neck jerked awkwardly and sent pain piercing his neck and scalp.
John was trying. He was trying to be strong for his loved ones. He was trying to give them more time to accept his declining health, but his omega was in distress. John was curled under the comforter of his bed when it began. His senses became heightened; the lights from outside the window and noise of the bustling city filled his senses. It started off slow: hearing an elderly couple reminiscing about their youth, a mother admonishing her child for running off while she shopped, a group of friends joking around. Only, more and more people’s voices filled his ears. Releasing a horrified shout, John slammed his palms against his ears, attempting to drown out the sounds.
Sherlock uncapped the bottle as John shuffled further up the bed and gripped the sheets of the bed while spreading his legs, allowing Sherlock to kneel between them. Legs open, parted generously, revealing himself completely, John worried his bottom lip nervously.
After his second heat finished his parents contacted his intended’s family to let them know that John was finally of age.
"Pay the woman, John!" Sherlock commanded and exited the restaurant. Sherlock then quickly made his way to the famers market he'd noticed half a block away, he suddenly had a craving for bananas to go with his chicken burrito.
Sherlock turned away from John, staring off at the yard, as well as telling John to get on with it. John paused when Sherlock’s head remained upright, not giving, unyielding, never submitting to him even when offering him his neck.
that he couldn’t explain till he saw a little puddle of water under the sink. Her cheek looked fleshy and swollen pressed against the floor.
John breathed in loudly. “So… now I think it’s time for us to go. Congratulations, guys, and sorry for the outburst. It wasn’t my intention.” He smiled thinly at the happy couple, turned, and went to Sherlock. The room behind them stayed silent; everyone was still in shock.
“Yes, I mean I always wished that I could touch you somehow which is really incredible because I had never had the desire to do something like that.”
“It’s very important to find out if my organs work properly to I think I should drink and eat something.”
“Don’t act so arrogant. It’s clear that this is the thing that holds you here. You weren’t able to get the murderer and so you became a ghost.”
The next morning John had little hope that Sherlock had slept at all but to he prepared dutifully their breakfast when the Omega came from his bedroom.
After a few hours, there was only half of Sherlock left and he hoped that he didn’t feel any pain anymore.
john - unable to let go of his still-simmering anger - scoffed. “What? All of a sudden you want to apologise?”
By the time John came back he was almost out of his mind what was the reason -he later claimed- why he attacked the Alpha as he did in a manner of speaking.
Right now John was staring at the screen on his laptop unsure which title he should choose when suddenly Sherlock embraced him from behind while watching over his shoulder.
After a while, John knew that he wouldn’t make it far longer and so he started to stroke Sherlock’s length in the same rhythm as his thrusts.
John hit Sherlock’s prostate again and again, hands dancing over his straining length,, until his lover screamed his release with his name on his lips. Sherlock came all of a sudden, shuddering, spilling  himself overJohn’s stomach and his own. Only a few thrusts later, John followed, and filled Sherlock with his come.
It was about one year and a few months later when they were invited to the Christmas party in the yard.
“Okay, but if you ever change your mind-just tell me. And by the way, I thought you lived here with your parents… why are there just two bedrooms?”
John had told him that he’d fallen in love with him and he knew that he would do anything - everything - for him; he risked his life for him often enough now, so no need to prove it.Sherlock had assured him that the feeling was mutual.
Since his bond breaking with his mate he was happily together with Molly who was a beta and he was glad that she accepted his son.
They moved in perfect, messy synchronicity, both sweating, both and murmuring declarations of love to one another.
“Okay. At the beginning, the house belonged to a family. Their name was Holmes. They were nice although a bit odd, but who isn’t, right?
“You have to know that I was working on my first big case as a consulting detective at that moment and I was confident of victory. Maybe too much. I was acting too careless.”
Grace Wilkinson’s red hair cut the air sharply as she ignored her child and turned away like the weak, trembling waste of flesh that she was.
Sherlock was full of his usual energy when there was a murder, but this time he hesitated and looked at John.
And he telling him that he considered himself bonded to his work and that he didn’t believe in love.
The sharp tongue of the Omega seemed dissuasive to the most but to John, it was the most brilliant thing in the world to watch how his mind worked.
He ran up the stairs only to see John fighting with the killer. They were both bleeding and it was obvious that they both had fallen down the stairs.
“Because Maddie’s death was ten years ago and it was presented as a tragic accident and he started killing them about one and a half years ago. Oh, and the police are idiots.”
“Wow. That… sounds logical. But this is a cold case. So I have to open it up again and talk with everyone who was involved back then. I would say that as soon as I have someone who could give us more information, I would bring them here, so you could talk to them. I mean your deductions seem helpful. Would that be okay?”
That seemed interesting to Sherlock but he couldn’t concentrate on that for long because John was removing his shirt.
As soon as the door was closed, he couldn’t hold the tears back any longer. They ran down his face and he heard himself making an embarrassing sobbing sound, but it didn’t matter. Before he could think of something to say, and force the words out between his sobs, long arms embraced him, and he let himself be comforted by Sherlock again. One of Sherlock’s hands started stroking his back, and they stood this way until his tears ebbed away.
When they both sobered John looked at Sherlock with a serious gaze. Then he stepped a bit closer to Sherlock.
He chuckled and Sherlock joined him until they were out of breath. “I really can’t believe what my father said about you. I mean, that was really vicious, even for him.”
He rummaged in his bag to check his phone and read again the address he had noted in his digital agenda. Where that annoying, self-proclaimed detective lived.
With just a few metres left to the door, John’s father caught up with them - and shouted after them so loudly that John doubted there was anyone in the room who couldn’t hear him.
Anderson and Sally weren’t that happy to see him alive again but Molly cried many happy tears and actually tried to hug Sherlock who shunned her.
Sherlock’s soft sea green stared at John full of sentiment and John wasn’t sure if love was a part of those emotions, but he hoped it was.
"We should talk about what happened. About the fact you're... That you are now.... That we are...." John's eyes lowered to the omega's stomach, lean and narrow in his suit, but would undoubtedly stretch in a few months.
Letting out a lewd groan Sherlock came. A rush of heated come flooded through deep within John and as the fullness of come loaded him up, the base of Sherlock’s cock swelled. Sherlock’s knot stretched passed the brim of John’s rim, growing. John hummed contentedly, cleaning Sherlock of the last bits of his release and afterwards John laid comfortably over Sherlock’s chest and held him close.
It had taken several job interviews, most of which Sherlock couldn’t help interrupting with texts. Feeling lonesome and needy, but John only ever replied after he’d finished his interviews. Eventually, John found a job at a clinic and Sherlock felt somewhat dismayed he wouldn’t see as much of his mate. Sherlock accepted it though; if it made John happy that was the only thing that mattered.
"Get out! OUT JOHN!" Sherlock's voice broke on the strangulated octave it reached, and more crashing of kitchen appliances followed.
John looked to his left and over to the still body lying at his side. Sherlock stared up at the ceiling much like John did, eyes blinking slowly, revealing nothing of how he felt, but John knew Sherlock was restless. He couldn’t sleep peacefully when John couldn’t fall asleep.
“I was just heading to bed. Shall we…?” Sherlock motioned to the pristinely made bed and John’s flush lowered to the expanse of his neck.
. I... I don't have any feelings for Victor in that way, but..." John halted in his words, finding it difficult to voice his thoughts in this particular subject.
John bit his tongue as Mrs. Holmes stared at his stomach appreciatively. He knew there was nothing he could do to stop the inevitable, his in-laws wanted pups and in two months time he’d be pregnant with his first litter.
Sherlock's body locked in place, bones turning to stone, skin rippling with a chill of fright, as his blood raged for the death of that- that
Whatever held John back vanished and not a second more passed before John was kneeling beside the bowed alpha. Raising his hand to palm over Sherlock’s, fingers brushing the silky smoothness of hair and a heated hand, John pulled the alpha’s hand away. Using his other hand to raise Sherlock’s head with a gentle press up on a trembling chin, John met soft blue.
Sherlock took a hesitate lick at the smooth head. That taste was strong, salty bitterness, his tongue overwhelmed by the musk. It was a surprise, and yet Sherlock found that he liked the bitterness that filled his senses with the strong presence of alpha. It was wonderful, enthralling, made him squirm with the knowledge he was tasting John’s pure essence. He wanted more.
“Morning.” John greeted kindly, making his way to where Sherlock seated himself and placed a warm cup of tea for him.
Sherlock was still trying to annoy him throughout the case: the pink cell phone, asking John to get his phone out of his coat pocket he was wearing, requesting John’s deductions of the shoes, sending him out to deal with Mycroft because he couldn’t be bothered to, lying to a grieving wife about her missing husband (John was sure that hadn’t been done to tick him off, so much as to get information, but it still agitated John, because Sherlock was such a good liar and that frightened him somehow), and so many more. John wasn’t going to bite. John wasn’t going to lose his cool.
The clearing of a throat had both Sherlock and John pulling away from one another to glance over to their cab driver, then out the windows. John chuckled, embarrassed, when he realized they’d been parked in front of their flat for some time now.
“Uh—yes. Two bank robberies committed one right after the other. Six were injured and four are dead.”
"Will you hold me close and tell me how beautiful I am while your round head loves my hole? Will you fuck me gently, but firmly? Will you come inside me? Make me drip with slick and spunk. I won't be able to hold your seed, because I'm already full of it John. Do you realize that? We're going to soil your sheets with slick and come because you've already seeded me."
“Sentiment is a weakness I cannot afford.” Sherlock told himself and retrieved a napkin to dab away the blood.
Not only had he made Sherlock vegetarian lasagna, but he'd also baked a carrot cake, and had to make a midnight stop at a 24hour grocery store to stock up on some more bananas. Apparently, Sherlock couldn't get enough of them and wanted them with everything, even waking up craving them.
Wetness slid down his neck and Sherlock’s brows furrowed in confusion. When he raised a hand to touch his neck, his fingers glided up the trail and over his cheek. Only when his vision fogged did Sherlock realize what the wetness was... tears. He was crying.
