He hums and adjusts slightly so he can look at me properly.
for a moment John pulls away and rests his forehead against Sherlock’s again.
After a month I see an article on my phone saying that Sherlock has publicly accused reality show host and philanthropist Culverton Smith of being a serial killer. Like all news articles about Sherlock, I know it will sting. This one, probably more than any other. I scroll past it. A few moments later I see one announcing the death of Smith’s daughter, Faith. Suicide.
“Ah, yes, very much so,” I affirmed, moving Holmes and I further away from the counter.
Sherlock’s admitted to Saint Caedwalla’s Hospital. I sit by his bedside for the second time since the new year.
I’m hardly even paying attention to the movie anymore. I lean in and kiss him carefully, only to pull away a tad to say:
A silence as the two boys sit adjacent to one another on Sherlock’s mattress. The air is heavy with John’s lack of words. He can’t lie to Sherlock, he knows that well enough. The longer he pretends this is like all the other times, the worse it will get.
“John,” he starts one day while we sit watching horrid day-time television. “You don’t have to keep working at the surgery if you don’t want to.” He’s trying to be delicate with me. Too delicate. I don’t know why it frustrates me.
“I suppose you are right,” I admitted solemly. For the remainder of our walk towards Hatherleigh, we said nothing.
Our eyes are closed, holding each other in the broad daylight of this sitting room, curtains allowing beams of sunlight to peek through and hit against us. He is solid and beautiful and everything I never thought was possible to have 23 years ago.
“Sherlock!” I shout, crouching down to meet him and place a hand delicately on his shoulder. I turn back to Culverton Smith. “Get him a bloody nurse and a room, now,” I demand and the man just nods, turns, and grabs a nurse from outside.
twice over.
John sits in his bedroom late on Saturday night, with Sex Pistols playing softly on his record player. He knows he’s listening to it wrong; the music can only be appreciated fully when the sheer volume shakes the foundations. If it plays any louder, his dad is bound to burst through the door, full of rage and hatred, ready to slap his calloused palm across his son’s face. The lyrics whisper in the background of John’s thoughts, attempting to distract him. The muffled shouting from downstairs is masked by the heavy punk beat.
About 5 and a half years ago, on 29 January, 2010, I was introduced to a man I then described as, “certainly arrogant and really quite rude and he looks about 12 and he's clearly a bit public school and, yes, I definitely think he might be mad but he was also strangely likeable. He was charming.”
Thank you to all of you who have followed this through my writing journey and dealt with the hiatuses at times, it means the world to me. I have another story concept in the works after this one, so I hope to not be gone for long!
I’m not surprised to find a black car outside the hospital, ready and equipped to take me home. One of Mycroft’s minions opens the door for me and welcomes me into the roomy town car.
James stands up, offering a hand to his son. As if the abuse he spewed just moments ago was nothing but a dream. John took the offer after a second of hesitance, knowing the penalty for declining would be much worse. He feels his father—the snake, cunning, conniving—pats him on the shoulder with a
“I cannot say for certain, as the schedule of a trial this sensitive is impossible to predict. However, given the current circumstances, I would not imagine the date being before the end of the month. We must wait approximately one week before returning, so as to not associate our arrival with the conclusion of trial.”
The false sense of comfort that is ever present in Mycroft’s government vehicles and offices is more prominent than usual. The matte leather seats appear almost sticky and I feel ill just considering that
(See the end of the chapter for
Congratulations to both of you! I’m so glad you worked it all out.
John takes me back to Baker Street and we sit in silence drinking tea (well, I drink tea and John nurses a finger of whiskey. I don’t mention that’s it’s only the late afternoon and that this is entirely inappropriate. We don’t really make a habit of worrying about appropriate.) for much longer than we should. The weight of unspoken words sits upon my shoulders.
The Final Problem Pt. 3 - John
“Come to scold me again, big brother?” My words lack the bite I want them to have. It’s okay, though. Don’t care about anything like this, do I?
Over time, the conversation was able to turn to topics outside of avoiding the oppressive grip of the law. I shared stories of untold cases over newly poured cups of tea. Holmes told of his plans to study the habits of bees in relation to the queen. Miss Bennett and Miss Sampson re-told shared childhood memories in tandem. The sun traveled to the western part of the sky, and suddenly it was due time for our guests—now turned friends—to take the train to their accommodations in Whitchurch.
flashes into my mind with his cane and his limp and his scars and his gun and
“Why didn’t you call Mycroft or Molly or… anyone else?” They’ve gotta be more useful than me at this point.
I work.
I pick up her handbag from
“Why hello, Dr. Watson!” Miss Bennett greeted as I welcomed them past the cottage’s threshold.
Smith freezes in place and furrows his brow. After a moment, he begins to laugh. A full, hearty chuckle spreads over the room like a cancer. “Ah yes, of
John tries to attack Mary from his own sheer rage, and she shoots him in the thigh to debilitate him. There’s a blur of me shooting Mary in the heart and me throwing John the gun when he tells me to do so. He’s limping and in pain, but it’s not enough to stop him from shooting James Moriarty in the skull, for real this time, and kicking him with his good leg into the depths of the pool.
John adjusts a bit to meet my eyes after a few minutes, “Do you want to show me the bees?”
“I am
,” Molly whispered, and, in an act of spontaneous comfort, lunged forward and hugged him carefully, arms wrapping around his back, hands clutching at his shoulders.
“Oi,” Wilkes sniffed, “Course, I do. Now stop evading.”
He stared at the spot she’d been only moments ago and swallowed the knot in his throat, heart hammering in his chest, mind thrumming with overuse. He closed his eyes, his mind palace rising, still flooded over, still ruined, still far too wet, and damp, and utterly unusable — he saw newspapers describing their many cases, he saw the apple, three letters carved into its skin, he saw his hat, spoiled and tattered atop the waves, too far gone to be wearable any longer.
in love, why would you even tolerate separation? He should’ve fought harder to stay. For her sake.”
Video Description:
: oooooh whys that?
Sebastian’s grip tightened, “What’s your deal with Watson?”
“I’m glad,” Sherlock scoffed, looking down shyly, “Or I’d have looked enormously out of place.”
?” He snapped, “I’m not upset.”
“Yeah, and don’t let any of these snobs tell you who to be, understood?” Harriet snapped in addition, eyes flashing in warning, expression twisting to say, in no simple words, that she‘d better not have her brother coming home for Christmas holiday a different person.
John quirked a sad smile at that and swallowed, moving to sit atop the closed toilet seat, turning to face Sherlock and frowning, worry in his features, a question in his eyes.
Sally Donovan glanced over at him, a brow arched, her wiry brown curls done up in a pristine bun as she twirled a loose end in her ring clad index finger, observing him intently, a look of amused judgment staining her sneering expression.
“You sure I’m not just,” John put on a posh tone, “
He growled, turning to glare at his mobile and narrowing his eyes.
“Well, I can’t,” Sherlock sighed softly, stepping into his slacks and keeping his head ducked and his line of sight low, his body turned defensively once more.
“What?” John snorted, arching a brow.
“Hey, Sherlock,” Molly squeaked his way, beaming kindly.
Sherlock was at a loss for words, momentarily rendered speechless as he stood there, John so very close, his heart so very warm and frantic, his mouth dry as he gazed at that golden hair, the specks of brown in a pool of blue, the curve of those lips that had just formed words he’d never imagined he’d need to hear.
“More or less,” Their mentor muttered, gazing sharply at Sherlock before lifting his eyes and standing from his seated position, gripping his drink close to his swaying figure, before sighing and indicating toward the car exit with a bob of his head, “I think I’m going to finish this in my room.”
It's much longer than the others and a bit more exciting.
, Sholto had called it.
He couldn’t really say he was overtly excited.
, with an expression so soft Sherlock was simply frozen in his place, lost in the middle of an all-consuming ocean, waves colliding with his heart and sea foam tickling his skin. Without saying a word, John leaned forward, lifting a hand to Sherlock's jaw and cupping it ever so gently, like he was made of fine porcelain, like a sculpture in a museum you so badly want to touch but know is forbidden to lay your hands upon.
“John,” John replied, smiling softly his way, “Watson.”
,” Molly’s mousy voice stuttered from the other end of the line, “
John let out a snort and smirked at Sherlock, shaking his head and sending the butterflies loose in Sherlock’s chest again, “Not far at all. Sherlock and I started it at least.”
With a shy smile, Sherlock bobbed his head and sat upwards awkwardly, crossing his legs and sitting flat atop the duvet, rubbing gently at his eyes and letting out a yawn, a faint blush tinging his cheeks with what John assumed was a hint of shame for having fallen asleep on John’s bed.
without any words at all.
Not after the next few days. Not after the Games.
, more time to mope.
And that’s when it happened, when Sherlock nearly spit out his coffee, when his pale, spindly fingers shook in both excitement and utmost incredulity, when John spoke the anonymous name of his channel and revealed, to all who looked up to him, just who he spent his free-time watching.
Bif Bof @
John turned and glared at her as he finished pulling his science notebook out of his school bag, watching as she shrugged innocently at him. He snorted fondly and shooed her away with a small flick of his hand, "Go on. Don't you have a job to get to?"
“Holy,” John inhaled sharply and pushed out an incredulous laugh, “shit.”
Sherlock instantly let out a sigh of relief, unaware he’d been holding his breath, heart finally returning to its regular pace, eyes shutting in utter exhaustion. He lifted his still wet hands to his face and hid in the cool, damp darkness they provided.
"I always have it," He whispered back, eyes shutting for a mere moment as he turned his face from Mycroft's line of sight, desperately eager to keep his brother from seeing the pain and fear marring his expression.
, that group of blonde girls from his chemistry class,
Sherlock felt his shoulders relax and the muscles in his face loosen, a smile slowly forming across his features. John’s own grin burned even brighter as he glanced away from the road and back at Sherlock, the occasional beam of the streetlights along the highway outside flashing over his complexion, revealing in moments the blush along his cheeks and the ocean hiding in his eyes.
But, it just so happened that
” He saw that leather chair on wheels, the very same he sat upon whilst he spoke before the camera, spinning back and forth, spouting nonsense that not only hooked the viewer, but captured Sherlock’s heart. He looked further left and caught sight of John’s bed, navy sheets classy and done-up to what seemed like utmost perfection, two pillows sat atop the duvet, and a third in the shape of a small planet sitting between them.
John chewed on his bottom lip, sympathy twisting in the back of his throat, even if Sherlock insisted he was nothing but a nuisance.
And, with a bright smile, he uploaded his video to YouTube, the, currently, biggest and best way to have others hear you, listen to your words, reach your eyes and take in your line of sight - it was the way to connect in a day and age that relied so heavily on the modern ways of technology.
for music, for dance, for his creations, for
“He wanted things I couldn’t give him,” Sherlock murmured, staring at his food as though it held some kind of hidden answer, something that could save him from whatever memories he was revisiting.
be himself?
“I don’t get it,” John shrugged, and Sherlock glanced down at the ground to hide his smirk.
, to admire him
At that, Sherlock glanced at him with a careful, cautious smile, thought for a moment, readjusted his hold on the duffel bag, and then, finally, nodded.
“So, I have to settle for slop,” Molly chimed in, shaking her head in shame and lifting a spoonful of far-too-yellow macaroni and cheese into her mouth.
“Sebastian
was incredible,” John whispered against his lips, “but it was just a bonus. It didn’t change how I felt about you.” John pulled back just slightly, eager to get a better look at Sherlock, taking in his wide ethereal eyes and furrowed brows, “You were still you, but I suddenly just found out how fucking amazing you are at dancing and playing the violin.”
And with that, he pressed a finger onto one of the camcorder’s many buttons and Sherlock watched as the red light quickly vanished.
Moran took the tense, and rather short, moment of silence to chime in, shrugging a shoulder and leaning back in his seat, letting out a wide yawn as he shut his eyes and crossed his arms over his firm chest, “He could at least add a beat to some of them or some shit like that.”
Sherlock swallowed and looked up, taking his coffee cup and placing it between his hands, warming his nervous fingers as he felt a smirk tug at his lips.
The small, mousy girl stood, brushed a hand down the front of her white blouse, of which was checkered with tiny, red miniature horses, and shot the three boys a small smile, grabbing for her yellow backpack and stating, “Till next time, lads. Maybe I’ll sit here more often, yeah?” With that, she ruffled John’s hair and spun on her heel, heading through and into the crowd of students disappearing out of the large exit doors.
. The thing could have a couple thousand views already and
Sherlock put the mug down, his eyes narrowing, “In what?”
: this is insanely poetic and for what
“Don't want it,” Sherlock muttered, the warmth in his chest numbing, his eyes prickling with eager, unshed signs of grief — stupid, bloody emotions that Sherlock Holmes refused to allow John to see. He grabbed his legs and quickly, desperately, brought his knees up to his chest, hugging them close and breathing deeply, enjoying the feeling, for once, of John’s eyes bearing into the back of his neck.
“Christ, John,” Greg said from behind him before he moved and took hold of both John’s shoulders, shaking him a little, or perhaps shaking some sense back into him, “Are you out of your mind?”
“Though, I’m
“Molly,” John grinned at her, and Sherlock nodded slightly in recognition, watching as she approached the rugby captain and threw an arm around his shoulders, a bright smile lacing the pale pink hue of her lipstick coated lips.
Sherlock doesn’t take anymore cases.
“You should be a private investigator or something,” John added with a smile as the line they stood in continued to shorten, customers passing the two of them with hot coffees in their hands.
And then Sherlock was smiling back and John felt as though he were soaring, the small curve of those plush lips like a delicacy begging to be kissed but not touched, a look so soft John could sit and admire it for hours, gentle and warm, and so so very pretty.
James shook his head, his brows lifting nearly to his hair line as he let out a long, exasperated breath, “Christ. Bloody Americans.”
“Crystal,” Wilkes smirked, though his voice was hoarse and unsteady.
John held back a chuckle, and sighed in amusement.
“The fat one?”
“Ready mate?” He heard Greg ask from his right, and he turned, a warm smile in place and butterflies calming just a bit at his friends soft expression.
“Yes.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Watch me.”
the freak.”
"What if, one day," Molly began, smiling as she gazed blankly up into the sky, "they all stopped watching?"
He gazed blankly, emotionlessly at the bare stage before him, at the two domes that would ultimately decide his fate, at the number of 12 to 18-year-olds surrounding him.
“But you’re right,” the rugby captain practically giggled, flashing Sherlock his car keys before slipping them back into his pocket, “That’s why we’re walking.”
on him, you tit.”
Immediately, the brunette tucked into his pasta dish, rolling up each noodle gently on his fork before lifting it to his lips and into his mouth, quietly going about his eating, and rather adorably as John observed the soft movements and shy chewing. He dug into his own food, reveling in the creamy texture and soft spice of his lasagna, his absolute favorite at ‘
Amanda S. @
“I’ll take the lasagna, ta,” John smiled, handing back his menu and watching fondly on as Sherlock ordered the fettuccini Alfredo, sans chicken, his expression polite and features gentle, voice that same deep baritone that sent shivers down John’s spine. After the hostess left with a nod of her head and a grin, John turned back to Sherlock and beamed as the boy took a careful sip of his water.
from Sherlock Holmes now, let alone go a few hours without talking to him. John could hardly breathe if he didn’t catch a glimpse of the tall genius at least once in a day, couldn’t function if he didn’t shoot a text to the chemist out of pure need to, couldn’t focus if he hadn’t heard from him in a good while. Sherlock was like a drug — a genuine, honest to god,
It bewildered John. One of these days he was going to give the unnamed virtuoso a shoutout.
It was a mystery to Sherlock: how John got to be the way John was. In a world so attuned to tragedy and mayhem, John Watson brushed it all aside and lit a torch everywhere he went, the very ground he set foot upon illuminated beneath his feet; he carried with him an untouchable beam of light and it was a miracle Sherlock was even remotely able to bask in it. Sherlock, who lived in a empty chasm of a home, who wasn’t even good enough for his alcoholic uncle, who’s brother was too busy to be apart of the world he so brutally knew, who danced behind a mask, who normally saw any sign of light and hid from it, like a vampire in the middle of day; somehow John had taken hold of his hand and walked him into the sunshine, and Sherlock had yet to set fire and crumble into ash.
“You could’ve knocked,”
John was kind
Thank you again. I hope you like the aftermath of the big reveal. Happy reading!
, and that spun his mind unforgivingly, leaving him in a state of both shock and self-pride - he’d done it. Something about him was special - something about him intrigued the most talented man he’d ever bore witness to. The man of whom had somehow weaved his way into John’s every thought. A man that practically breathed wonder and mystery.
Sherlock scoffed lightly before shaking his head and finally making direct contact with those ocean blue orbs, “I was going to ask
“You can’t be serious,” John laughed, once, sharp and amused, before he stared blankly at Sherlock, gazing at his scowl and slowly lifted his brows in utter bemusement, “Shit, you
, whole-
would have found out. I'm sure of it.”
: we have to read it
Lilly Bird @
Sighing again, he made a move to step forward, only to freeze in his tracks as a soft, warm voice, that seemed to hold sunshine and marshmallows and vanilla and black tea with extra sugar and sweet blueberry jam, called out to him, the footsteps thumping in his ear growing louder as none other than John Watson drew nearer before finally trotting up beside him.
“Point is he’s an obtrusive arsehole,” James snapped, breaking the amused silence, “exposing people’s secrets regardless of what they are. Not a care in the world.”
“Not sure Ms. Montgomery will like that,” John chuckled, smirking a bit and staring at Sherlock as though he wasn’t even surprised by his choice.
newest video was iconic. Not even iconic, it was historical, it was revolutionary, it was like a brand new version, a brand new sound, of composition, of violin, of music and it had enraptured John liked pollen to a honeybee. It was instrumental with a beat, with an undertone of techno, a pinch of dubstep, a poke of melodic vocals, and a whole lot of genius. John couldn't begin to explain how very in love he was with whatever sound snuck out of the strings beneath the fingers of that stranger, that violinist with the blurred face.
P.S. I come with gifts also! The fic now has a Spotify! An official one, made by me, and one that you can add to and put songs on that give you Reach My Eyes vibes or even songs you think Sherlock would dance to!
Sherlock glanced over at him, cheeks red as the two of them joined the line for coffee, his hands now behind his back, his posture straight and narrow, tense and a bit uncertain as John stared directly at him, mind whirling with the need to praise Sherlock for the wonder he’d just performed.
“Sherlock.”
lady responded, arching a brow and biting her lip flirtatiously. Sherlock found himself insecure in her presence. She was thin, bodacious in a unique way, her hips and backside curvy and sublime to the male eye, and she was dressed in a skin tight, black cocktail dress, a mere headband with alien antennas attached to it placed atop her long, wavy dark brown haired head, her lips a startling cherry red, and her eyes cloaked in black eyeliner. Sherlock watched as John snorted and shook his head at her comment, before her line of sight dropped over his own figure, silhouetted in the dark black of shade of his outside, his cheeks reddening in embarrassment under the star-like freckles.
“Says the genius who hadn’t seen any Bond movies.”
John couldn’t help but let out a rather loud laugh, shaking his head and beaming at the boy beside him, “No, I was going to ask about you, actually.”
Sherlock smirked proudly at the statement and pulled his phone from the table’s surface to tuck it away inside his hoodie’s stretched front pocket.
Sherlock leaned forwards once more, placing his pen to paper and scribbling rapidly across the page. He knew what he would do. It had been done, but not by many, and not like this – and he would, of course, make it better.
He thought about the idea of never seeing the man before him again – his sibling – and so, within an instant, Sherlock was cataloguing the dark shade of his eyes, the wrinkles on his forehead, the thin shape of his lips, and the plump form of his nose. This was the man he’d grown up with, beside, next to; this was the man who taught him about the dangers of sentiment after their father died, and the man that told him love was simply a disadvantage to those who held onto it. And this was the man who was approaching him with no hints emotion revealed in the depths of his expression, his eyes sharp and concentrated, the corners of his mouth curved downward.
? Sherlock didn’t think the idea was physically nor mentally possible. John Watson was far too all-consuming, far too wonderfully ardent of a human being to bore of. Besides — Sherlock
Friend?
The dark-haired boy beside him smirked, “More like a consultant, of sorts.”
“My mum seems quite taken with you,” John announced, elbowing Sherlock slightly and chuckling to himself, and Sherlock could feel him shaking his head in amusement.
"Don't know much about him except that he's sculpted like a bloody Greek statue. Why?"
Her features suddenly fell worryingly sad, and she nodded her head, glancing down at her pink, rose clad dress, fingers fiddling mindlessly with the end of it.
and his friend Sherlock, or @
John nodded his head, bit his lip and laughed softly, “Yeah, I mean, I think so. He was a bit shy but he didn’t seem unhappy.”
“Nice to meet you, Sherlock,” She winked, her eyes darting to John for a moment before fixating on Sherlock once more.
Turning, rather more hesitantly than normal as he felt the eyes of passerby’s on both his and John’s stance there, in the middle of the path leading to the front entrance’s stairway into Baker’s deep, dark halls, he came face to face with the dirty blonde boy. John smiled wide at him, as though the day before had never happened, as though Sherlock hadn’t cut him off, or ignored his text, or treated him and his aid like proper rubbish.
— John insisted they work at least a little on their paper, the days before it was due dwindling steadily. They sat and scribbled and pondered what to write, Sherlock moaning a bit about the stupidity of the assignment whilst John chuckled and nodded in thorough agreement.
Then, Sherlock’s heart stopped, as John turned fully around in his chair, eyes falling directly onto Sherlock, still out of frame, his brows raised smugly as he chuckled to himself and bobbed his head to the side, “We have a marvelous Romeo in class, don’t we?”
: I’m living for this gay content
“I’m sure there is,” Sherlock murmured back, pursing his lips as his own features turned pink, something wild flickering behind his eyes.
“Scary clever then,” Mike added.
He’d hoped Sherlock had enjoyed himself. He had hoped, when they’d parted ways earlier that day, that he hadn’t scared the boy away — he knew Sherlock was going to be a hard mystery to crack, a hard person to truly get to know, but, to John, he was entirely, and utterly worth it. He was, to be frank,
Without needing to glance over his shoulder, Sherlock cleared his throat and huffed, "Molly."
With an angry sigh, he slammed his thumbs against the keyboard, eager to declare the conversation thoroughly over.
so we’re helpless in sleep and struggling at the bottom of the pool.”
He shut his eyes, imagining the lean, pale body twirling about with such poise, such grace. He pictured the dark mass of blurred hair atop the boy's head and the unreadable face. He thought of the bee spread out across his back and the effortless way he jumped to his tippy-toes mid-dance. He conjured up all this and more, his mind reeling with shameless imaginings of a mystery boy pulling him to his feet and dancing for him, the pale figure pulling a bent bow across the strings of his violin and serenading him whilst he watched with utmost awe.
because of
John’s faith in all that was good in the world had been thoroughly crushed by the fact that no one had ever even attempted to understand Sherlock Holmes before — anyone who took the time to would never regret it, not for a second, not when they witnessed brilliance in its purest form.
: oh no beeface, whats beeface, I only ship Johnlock
. Where the dancer had hidden himself or taken off to John would never know - what he did know was that he had been so close. A few seconds earlier, quicker, faster, sooner, and John would have come face to face with the man who serenaded his dreams.
Sherlock let out a sigh, insults rising to the forefront of his mind, though he begrudgingly begged them to clear off — he didn’t
The two of them lay still, faint chirping from morning birds emanating from the other side of John’s window, a reminder that the world surrounding them continued to carry on, whilst they remained frozen, in their own moment, atop the navy duvet of John’s bed. Sherlock, lying pressed against the mattress on his side, kept his eyes trained on the profile of John Watson’s troubled expression, whilst the boy himself stared up at the ceiling, lying flat on his back, chest lifting and falling more rapidly than normal.
fanbase ever had this much content to scream about? NO. And it’s gay too!
John snorted, grinning and nodding his head, “Right. How could I forget?”
Then all three of his friends were busting out into fits of laughter, high pitched and clearly,
“I have a long walk,” Sherlock forced out, swallowing thickly and glancing around the deserted library, berating himself for the poor excuse.
He hadn’t seen that coming.
She was in full fangirl-overload. And John certainly didn't blame her.
supposed to be told, yes?”
When John’s clanky, old Toyota pulled up into the driveway of his far too large abode, Sherlock hardly spent much time dwelling on his front doorstep — he shoved his phone in his front pocket, glanced over his shoulder as he slammed the front door, and jogged toward to the ancient vehicle.
He stared at the golden hair, specks of light blonde and dark brown hidden within a shimmer of brightness and warmth. He stared into the blue, dark and navy, hints of turquoise beneath swirls of grey in the very middle. He stared at the tan skin and creased brows, all caring and soft and gentle and —
He watched as Sherlock shook against his car’s tattered, old seats, his clothing darkening its hue as droplets of water slid from the hem of his shirt and the fabric of his jeans. He had his damp duffle bag tucked tight between his legs, his palms back on the heater, his eyes shut as he breathed deeply and seemingly focused on the silence looming over them, aside from the low lull of the radio, a spokesman raving on about his quality product.
Just once.
“Luck was how you won,” Sherlock stated, confidently, his eyes flickering up from the food on his plate he had yet to taste to Haymitch, of whom was gazing at him with a smirk and skeptical, burning, blue eyes.
— when a week ago Sherlock Holmes had been told, over the phone, that he no longer would be.
The class busted into a fit of giggles and sniggers and a sense of pride swarmed within John’s chest, and he too cracked a smile at his statement, watching as Molly glared playfully at him and shook her head fondly, whilst his teacher merely cleared her throat once more and clapped to get the other students under control.
“Are you sure you’ll be alright?” She squeaked, pulling back and patting him down, smoothing back his dirty-blonde hair, caressing his cheeks, puttering around like a proper mother ought to.
: okay firstly, same @ the Romeo and Juliet thing, secondly, we read a Midsummer Night’s Dream in my literature class and it was basically hell, thirdly, is your friend single because damn
James glanced over at him momentarily before fixing his eyes back on Sherlock, expression now entirely indecipherable, his body resting against the table they’d only just been playing happily atop, hands gripping tight to its rim, knuckles white.
Didn’t she get it?
And with a wink, she disappeared behind the large, navy door of her first class, hair twirling and dress flying.
He hadn’t meant to. Or maybe he had. But somehow he had found himself in the bath. And somehow,
Sherlock chose to ignore that last bit, running a hand through his still-damp hair and shooting John a playful, scathing glance, “I honestly doubt you’d have figured it out just on that.”
Molly perked up at that, pausing in her method of choosing what trousers better matched navy, and gazing at John, expression open and interested, “Tell him what?”
John shrugged it off and shook his head, clearing his throat and allowing his old friend a short, glaring glance, before sighing and running a hand through his damp hair. “Let’s just get this practice over with, yeah?”
James Sholto let out a snicker and reached for his own phone, yanking it out and tapping the screen swiftly and with practiced ease, “Composes what?”
“Because they don’t see it that way, do they?” Sherlock stated firmly, shrugging a single shoulder before lifting his legs up onto the seat and hugging them against his chest, lips pursed and expression eerily blank.
Sherlock scoffed, shrugging the hand off and hoisting his satchel back to its proper position on his arm, whilst the boy simply ignored his offensive attitude and knelt down to begin re-stacking his records in their crowded box-home.
Retweeted by John H. Watson
He flew backwards, his lips already falling frigid as he stared forward at John Watson, cheeks pink, eyes closed and mouth parted, brows furrowed in a frown, body frozen still, tense and rigid and unmoving, and
“What does he have to offer that we don’t?” Sebastian paused, blinked, and then smiled, nodding his head as though he’d just remembered something, “Oh, yeah. He sucks your
“Don’t you fffucking raise your voice at m-me!” James shouts back, running toward John and slamming him against the opposite wall.
“I’m magnificent for making you tea? Really, John, I must hope your praises are not as easily gained as the public jests,” he replied, somewhat tauntingly. After the sentences exited his mouth, however, he leaned forward to place a gentle kiss upon my lips. A grin formed on my face, knowing he had accepted my complement. He pulled back afterwards, took a small sip from his cup, and made his way to the sofa in the parlour. I followed and sat beside him, our sides touching.
“Sorry? What? What are you talking about?” How can she not
“And afterwards, on the way home, he drove us back to the house in our car and went back to Baker Street,” I keep spilling out this story. I haven’t actually told anyone about this in this way. “And I wanted to go with him.”
————————————————
“Sherlock you don’t have to—”
I wake up and the clock on the wall says it’s 5:15AM. My neck is sore from leaning against the stiff plastic chair and my hand is still resting on Sherlock’s bed, near his ribs. Sherlock’s head is turned away from me, but his breaths are too shallow for him to be asleep.
“Sherlock, can I,” breathe in, breathe out, “Can I kiss you, Sherlock?”
Sherlock glances over John’s face. John watches him attentively and swears he’s never seen anyone so beautiful. There’s an underlying sense of sadness there, though. John looks all over Sherlock’s face, away from his eyes because if he looks for too long it’s too much.
apologising for, really? I close my eyes and let the simple “sorry” be enough. It’s only the bare surface of what we need to talk about, but it’s okay for now.
“I gathered that may be the case,” she replies, handing John a clean towel. Somehow she picked all that up before even seeing the two of them downstairs. This family… “And would you like to tell me why you were on the creek at 11 o’clock on a school night, Sherlock?”
He lets out a breath not unlike a laugh. “No. No I’m not. But, it is what it is.”
to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, and even to a deadpan Mycroft before the two boys venture wordlessly upstairs. As the door snaps shut, John lowers his hood. Before he even turns around to see, Sherlock knows what he’s about to see.
But Sherlock still looks anxious for some reason.
There are aspects of his father’s personality that John understands even less than he misunderstands the rest. One of these aspects is his obsession with the holiday season. When there is snowfall, evergreen trees, and tinsel, James Watson relishes in it. Christmas music plays on the record player in the living room most of the day, at least on a low volume, and it has led to a rather intense hatred of the often beloved holiday for John. The performative nature of it, the presents, the forceful way in which his family wants to spend time together all of a sudden. He hates it. So, it’s rather fitting that when the last guest from Christmas Eve dinner leaves on this fateful night, Mr. Watson turns to his daughter and asks a boisterous question.
“Since the pool. The first time.”
“No, of course no—”
“I’m not
This intro chapter is rather short, but I promise I'll make up for it in the next one!!
The reception is planned for Angelo’s, which we rented out for the evening. He’s going to be at the ceremony as well.
I look at him and try to smile. My chest has yet to stop hurting. Before I let myself think, I find myself brushing a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead.
and now John can only hope the noise is enough.
“I will give a reasonable and eloquent argument towards the benefits, since having the apiary in my bedroom would not only add convenience, but safety for anyone that wants to be in the garden.”
There is a white heat behind John’s eyes, but it isn’t with the same as the blinding rage from last night. It’s quiet, and accompanied by a pain in his chest that he isn’t used to feeling in front of Sherlock. He can’t pinpoint it before words continue to fall out of his mouth.
“May I suggest a morning walk along the brook nearby? Or are you utterly opposed to any departure from our bedroom today?” he jested. I returned a small chuckle, landing my forehead against his in the process.
“Thank you.”
“I’m an utterly useless doctor, it seems,” my voice is small.
After dinner was finished, Miranda invited Mary to join her in her study for a private clavichord performance. My wife squeezed my hands, and I returned the gesture with kind reassurance. With a kiss to Miranda’s cheek, Thomas said:
“So, I enquired to Lord Ashe as to where he obtained such a gorgeous decoration, and he confirmed my nefarious suspicion.
The reason for his behaviour became clear as he moved closer at more of a hobble than a walk. The dull sound of a crutch against the wooden floor called my attention to the fact that where the bottom half of his left leg would be, there was nothing at all. Before he could reach our table and undoubtedly ask our opinion of his cooking, the front doors of the tavern opened with a burst of freezing morning air. In the doorway stood none other than James; his form tense but otherwise seemingly uninjured. His gaze found us immediately, and I saw some of the tension in Miranda’s shoulders bleed away as their eyes met. He looked over at our booth of untouched plates before looking back at this unfamiliar one-legged man with a scowl on his face I knew all too well.
“My darling Thomas,” she said, seizing the opportunity when Thomas’ mouth was full of food, ”is truly dedicated to playing the role of devil’s advocate in any conversation. It is a habit of his that we have often discussed. He means no offence, dear Watsons. It is just the way he is.”
“I would like to discuss the details with you later today, doctor. Even now, this is not the most discreet of location, at least not enough for this.”
“Thank you for the invitation of assistance, Mr. Holmes. I take it you have wisdom as to my connection to the matter?” Mary chided. She always gained such joy from engaging Holmes’ mind, just as I did. Any unease I saw in her just hours before was now replaced with a thrill for adventure that Holmes so often awakened within the both of us.
“Some alcohol also would not go amiss, my dear,” Miranda said, ripping James’ sleeve to expose a deep, bleeding gash on his shoulder that I recognised as a shrapnel wound from the explosion debris. “And a clean cloth, if you can find one.”
A tremor comes over Sherlock, first in his hands. He sets down the shaking pipe, and places both palms against the stones of the mantle to keep himself from breaking any fragile items in his reach. The rage that Alfred Hamilton’s misdeeds brings him is still palpable, despite knowing the man has not been alive for months. He takes a deep breath, and closes his eyes.
Tears fogged my eyesight as I saw the scene and I put an unconscious hand on James’ uninjured shoulder, whether to steady him or myself I was not certain. Holmes and Silver—visibly unharmed, save for a few scrapes, thank the Lord—stood on the side, next to their horses. Silver looked as if he were about to fall over with exhaustion, however my dear friend was as awake and alert as ever and as he met my eyes, Holmes gave me a small, relieved grin. How happy I was to see his face, how glad I was that he was alive and well!
John smiled, inhaled sharply, calmed the uncoiling adoration in his gut, and typed out:
Sherlock allowed himself to smile slightly at that and reveled in the one that Lestrade shot back.
“Come on,” John sulked, placing his elbows on the lunch table and his chin against his palms, a slight smirk in the curve of those lips, “I already told you I’ve been watching you for ages and the fact that you’re him — that he’s
to have far more detail now.
Never before did Sherlock think
: oh shit
"There we are," The woman next to him announced blissfully, "Our tributes from District Twelve."
Sherlock was everywhere he wanted to be in that very moment, feeling the soft navy duvet beneath his fingertips, hearing the warm tone of John’s voice, learning about the many things he, though he loathed to admit it, couldn’t deduce simply by looking.
He watched as Greg reached forwards to grab out his rugby clothes for practice, his dark brown eyes still fixated on John, brows arched curiously, whilst he remained silent, a look flashing across his features that said,
“Why?” Sherlock frowned.
And, still, there he stood, a low, hollow sensation in his gut pleading with him that, one day, John would love him back — cowardice and all.
John’s face fell a little but he shrugged and moved to sit next to Sherlock’s prone figure atop the navy blankets, staring down at where the brunette lay sprawled out across its entirety, chocolate curls pooling around his head like a crown, kaleidoscope eyes bright and nervous.
And then, once Sherlock glanced upward and sent them both his best dead-eyed stare, they went back to chatting with one another, Molly upbeat and curious, Haymitch appearing sour and simply exasperated.
Enjoy Pins and Needles! I am so very thankful to all of you for reading this far and sticking by me. :)
A small smirk, a witty grin, a hand through his hair, casual and unedited, naturally comforting, eyes glowing with mirth and teeth bared in amusement.
“Well, she’s gay. And Dad doesn’t like that,” John huffed, and, for extra measure, rolled his eyes.
“I’m worried about you,” Ms. Hudson tutted for what had to have been the hundredth time, whilst she placed a steaming hot cup of tea on the coffee table beside Sherlock’s ramrod straight form.
: me @ my gf
“She’s just on her best behavior because you’re here,” the blonde gazed at Sherlock, grinning happily before moving back over to his computer, pulling out his desk chair and planting himself down, tapping a few keys and clicking a few buttons till a program of some sort filled the screen.
John was smirking, “Yes, it bloody is, you
"Next," The man snapped at him, and Sherlock glared whilst stepping forwards, slowly finding his place in the line up of children and teenagers.
: so ready for @
She shot him a wink, lifting a hand to pat his shoulder and the other to point forwards in the direction of the dance floor. “I’m going to go find some lucky lady to take home with me tonight,” She informed him, reaching around his body to toss her empty plastic cup into the rubbish beside the drink station, before taking a few steps forward, her hips already moving to the music. “If you need anything, you know where to find me!” And with that, she bravely maneuvered her way into the crowd of dancers, sliding past hormonal teenagers without a care in the world.
? Or did Wilkes tell him what he'd done and ask John to go pester him about it? Or perhaps, which couldn't possibly be logical, John was
“Right,” John raised his brows at the boy, “that’s why you’re currently
. There, he didn’t have all the flaws of being a human, all the struggles of day to day life in secondary school, the worries of eating, sleeping, drinking right, the faulty means of socializing or making
And from that moment, Sherlock never had another problem with bullies, or moronic arseholes. His mother, of course, had gone berserk upon seeing his bruised face, but Sherlock had just told her it was a Peacekeeper that caught him stealing a loaf of bread. At least that way, he would seem heroic – attempting to acquire food for the family. Mycroft saw straight through him though, but, as it turned out, that was a good thing, because, in the end, it was he that persuaded his mother to keep the dog.
of you will get bored.”
“I’m not quite sure,” Molly mumbled, before she bit her lip and turned guiltily away, “but I may have frightened him.”
“Into what?”
So, I’ve got a certain hashtag practically overtaking my Twitter notifications at the moment. Anyone care to explain what #beeface means?
that much?
“Good,” She cleared her throat and stopped painting, “Did Sherlock?”
voice,
“You continue to prove the ever-lasting existence of chivalry, Mr. Watson,” Sherlock smiled shyly, shaking his head in utter fondness for the boy, of whom even reddened slightly, his grip on the door tightening and his smile widening.
I was visiting my girlfriend and taking care of a bunch of personal crap.
Harry nodded and smiled sneakily, snickering a little to herself as she turned to the door, pulling it open and talking a step out before glancing over her shoulder, "Who am I kiddin? You've got your boyfriend to watch."
“Then what are you?”
— tossing her aside as though they no longer shared the same blood, refusing to accept her simply because she kissed
He waited, leaning back in his chair and lightly clearing his throat, just loud enough that Sherlock was knocked from his reverie and glancing over his shoulder, eyeing John curiously before feeling the light vibration of his mobile, tucked away in his back pocket. He reached back, sneakily and tactfully, and slowly brought the device forward, those kaleidoscope eyes shimmering in the glow of the screen. He watched the boy’s thumbs fly over the touch-sensitive keyboard before his own phone buzzed against his palm.
“I do,” slipping the band onto his finger.
“You have to help him, John.”
Lestrade agrees to meet us at the MI6 headquarters the next day and Sherlock instantly seems off-put. I hold his hand as we walk up, to which he stops for a minute to process that we’re out in public and his hand is in mine. Once he does, he holds it back, but his expression worries me.
(See the end of the chapter for
I shake my head and shove my phone into my pocket.
Title of this chapter is based on
climbing out.”
“I-,” he opens his mouth.
He covers my hands with his own on his torso and smiles into the mirror. I peek to see.
“I… don’t want to die,” my voice cracks.
“Sherlock…” he shout-whispers underneath the first story window. Nothing in response. Instead, he listens closer only to hear a melody he vaguely recalls. It’s something Sherlock played for him one night, by a band he likes.
“I-I… I just saw something… Something I didn’t want to see. I…”
“Do you want to tell me what it is?”
“I, er, wanted to ask…” I hesitate.
“Er, why yes. You would be correct,” Holmes confirmed curtly.
People try to comfort me but getting out of bed is too much work. If Mary trickles in and out I do not notice. If my phone vibrates from a call or a text, I cover my ears.
Sometimes I do not dream at all. Those are the better nights.
“John, erm,” he stutters. I think I may know what he’s about to say to me, but I have to be certain.
no taxi waiting in the street outside. That’s what I checked when I went to the window. And you’ve got all the way to the door and not made any move to phone for one, and
“It’s just a dream, John. It’s all right,” I comfort to the best of my ability.
“When did you know?” Flashbacks caused this, I imagine. My hand is shaking. I watch it. I wait for an answer.
Greg Lestrade 11 July 20:04
“You’re
THEY’RE BOYFRIENDS BILL!!!!!!! SO CLOSE TO JOHN’S BIRTHDAY TOO!!!!!!!
Time to help John.
John reads the name—the real, true name—at the bottom of the page and finds his hand is shaking. His vision blurs in a haze that is not caused by the alcohol. Thoughts somehow both race and freeze at the same time, scattering across John’s mind.
“Barely been that lately,” I say as a couple walks past me. I pretend their stares don’t bother me.
and he kisses me again. It’s different, with both of us standing up. There’s a sense of urgency, almost, behind him being the one to instigate it.
“Could we,” Sherlock starts and retreats for a second. “Maybe, er, stay like this? Just for a minute.”
A silence ruminates for a moment as we all stand in a triangle in this horrific mortuary. I’m ready to say more when Sherlock keels over beside me spontaneously, falling to the floor with a thud. His body starts to shake slightly.
Back at the cottage, Holmes was spread across the sofa with his eyes snapped shut.
“I don’t need you to coddle me because I can’t deal with being in a bloody hospital as a doctor. I’ll be
“This is no laughing matter, John!” His upset was entirely superficial, thereby adding to my amusement.
I find John at the pool after a trail of clues left by Moriarty. It takes me a  surprisingly short amount of time, only 4 hours, and I find John alone. Conversations and apologies insue before we’re interrupted by Moriarty and Mary, side by side. John finds out all that he must. That the baby never existed, that she’s worked for Jim all along. We never do find out her real name. It’s all so simple in the end.
“You know you’re my best friend, and now that everything’s… done, I suppose, I—well,” he stumbles.
“I didn’t think I would ever say a vow in my life, to anyone. I especially didn’t believe I would say them twice, or have them given back to me. You surprise me, constantly. You are brave, kind, wise, loving, and wonderful, and I could spend all my life making vows to you, John.”
“What about all of the men like us in London and across the country that can’t afford to go into hiding?” I asked.
“Is your mind eased enough to return to our cabin?”
“It’s-it’s Sherlock, John, he’s. He’s too far gone and there’s no one else who could possibly—”
To my surprise, he pleads his case.
————————————————
————————————————
“You know what for.”
“You are truly magnificent,” I stated as fact. His reaction was not what I was looking for, though. Instead of happy, he looked minorly confused.
“A couple rocks can’t take me down that easy! Please, you know I’m stronger than that,” John says, dismissing the obvious shock on his friend’s face.
Irene led the both of them around a corner, down a long hallway, and towards a staircase at the back of the house, of which they slowly descended, the pounding sound of heavy rock music growing louder with each and every step, a cacophony of voices and yelling and glass clanking emanating from underneath the booming tunes. Sherlock could feel the bass of the drums in the very core of his chest, his heartbeat shaking his bones with each and every pump as they drew nearer to the chaos — why was he so nervous? Why were his legs trembling with every descent, his fingers shaking where they hung beside his hips, his throat bobbing with every swallow, his breath quivering with every intake? This was stupid, he was stupid; why was he so worried? It was a ridiculous party with people who were far too irresponsible to be drinking, and far too sexually active to be drunk.
A smile came over John Silver’s face and once again, I saw in his face an endlessly terrifying man. Long gone was the charitable cook who had greeted us with his fake Scottish accent the previous morning; this was a man, I realised, whose wit and power was unparalleled by anyone in this room.
“I can inquire to some retired officers, although I cannot promise any certainty with such a venture.”
“I implore you not to misread my tone for hostility, madam. Your assistance in the matter and your existing knowledge of the Hamiltons is quite welcomed, I assure you.”
He went over the locations of all potentially armed guards on the property, present to protect the high profile guests the home so often housed. He went over how we were to enter the facility unseen, and sneak into the private room of Alfred Hamilton while going unnoticed. Silver joined in with an explanation for a door in the fence, an old back exit, now hidden among swathes of shrubbery.
“Sherlock…”
“Flint!” she exclaimed and threw him one of her weapons. James caught it with ease and, without a second’s hesitation, stabbed his opponent right in the belly.
After a period of quiet, a thought came to my mind. One that, perhaps, I should have thought of earlier on in our planning, and yet it managed to sneak past me. Given the man it centred upon, this felt rather laced with irony.
James’ mouth curled. “Do you remember, Doctor Watson, the day when your colleague split my lip in Baker Street?”
, I thought desperately, in fear that if our friend had spent time in a place like this, he may already be well beyond saving.
“What request is that?” The pain in her eyes indicated the depth of meaning in her words. I knew James valued her, loved her as much as a man of his persuasion could love a wife, but I could also see the hurt his secrets caused her.
The forward manner with which Lord Thomas Hamilton spoke took me by surprise, yet I felt compelled to respond all the same. Did he intend to imply my selfish intentions behind publishing Holmes’ and my cases? Or was I reading a truth behind his words that did not exist? Perhaps the agony in my heart was jumping to unnecessary conclusions. Despite his kind demeanour and gentle disposition, I felt uncomfortable under the scrutiny of this man’s knowing eyes.
James scoffed, clearly filled with disdain. “I knew Max would get wind of it sooner or later. No. There’s only one weasel on our side that could be behind this and it isn’t just me and the doctor he’s betrayed. Was that too difficult a leap for your tiny brain to figure out, Rackham?”
A heat wells behind Sherlock’s eyes, and he forces his gaze back toward the mantlepiece. He taps his fingers along the ridge of it with a jittery energy.
“Is that so? How do you figure that?”
“Get up, my dear doctor, or else we may well miss the sunrise.”
A quick, pointed smile wisped across Holmes’ lips just then, as if he knew the precise moves in this game of chess to play next. Despite the imminent danger of it all, a warmth radiated through my chest to see him this way; in the line of fire, and yet unwavering in his will to push on.
John takes one last look at them and he is worried, of course he is. He would not be John Watson if he was not. Sherlock attempts to channel all the reassurance he does not feel into his nod and he watches John retreat back with some kind of anguish he does not fully understand within himself.
While the surprise that overtook me at his words was not dissimilar to that brought by my introductions to our hosts, the cause of my astonishment now was quite separate. The grimace upon his lip removed any inclination I may have held toward our similarity, as I did not view myself to have quite the same venomous nature he displayed.
“The lady that you know as Eleanor Guthrie, gentlemen, married one Mr. Woodes Rogers by way of a secret ceremony two months ago.” Holmes’ gaze remained fixed on Eleanor, eyes narrow in a predatory stare. “I understand the relationship commenced while the honourable gentleman was still wedded to another woman.”
“Quite right, quite right. Your passion today indicates some importance, however. Am I wrong in saying so?”
“Literally
McGraw’s eyes returned to me, now with clear amusement in them, as if he too was playing a game that I was not quite privy to. “These are only a few of my thoughts, Doctor Watson, and they can be summarised thus. Men who come to these salons do so because they make them feel like radicals; yet, when confronted to actually act upon any of the radical ideas that Lord Hamilton discusses so passionately, they look the other way. Lord Hamilton believes that change is truly possible and that he can achieve it—myself, Lady Hamilton, and a select few others believe so as well. My job is to remind him that not many others share this belief and, in fact, would work against it. I wonder, which side will you and your companion find yourselves on?” There is a thinly veiled threat in his question:
“Doctor, if I could steal you for a moment?” Blood was running from his brow and his face was covered in soot, giving Rackham a rather devilish look. “You are needed in the cargo hold.”
“The Captain can stay with me in the ground floor room,” Silver nodded towards James. “I’ll keep an eye on him, Doctor Watson.”
“I find your assessment of the Hamiltons to be rather accurate indeed, my dear friend. Regarding Lieutenant McGraw, I imagine his rather standoffish disposition is sourced from some anxiety around his position as Thomas’ advisor. Perhaps, he feels a need to prove himself among the ranks of bureaucracy that he otherwise would not engage with - I assume this may be because of a humble background or an unfortunate experience in the past. Yet, his anxieties are not present enough to disparage his ability to criticise or hold antipathy for many of Thomas’ colleagues. He is certainly a clever man, who says little however observes intently—very much like you, Holmes. He mentioned knowledge of rumours surrounding their home, which may lead me to believe he is aware of the whispers of his and Lady Hamilton’s affair. He did not seem in any way ashamed or defensive of such rumours, rather just angered by their very existence. Within the same breath, he readily defended Thomas, whilst having a simultaneous ambivalence toward his ideas themselves. He appeared less as an advisor to the couple, but a guard dog. Ready to bite down upon a potential threat at any moment. I fear that on this account, the Earl may have been quite correct—perhaps it is that McGraw is indeed the one with the nefarious purpose in this scenario.
As he concluded, Holmes reached for his favoured clay pipe upon the desk beside him, as well as the tobacco stores found in the drawer within. He packed his pipe with vigour, awaiting my reply.
Sherlock lets out a small, airy laugh despite himself. “I thought, at the time and until recently, that my efforts were doubly harmful. Though I was protecting John, I was convinced my actions led to your demise, and therefore to the loss of someone John held dear. I…” Sherlock struggles to articulate it for a moment.
“In the years since last we were in contact, Mr. Flint, I have involved myself in many cases aligned with the work yourself and Thomas had started some years ago. I much appreciated your correspondence warning me against it, though I was at first confused as to why you did not send this under your own name.” This made my eyebrows rise, as I had not been aware James and Holmes had at all been in contact in our half decade apart. “In recent months, prior to your departure to Scotland, I uncovered some truths I do not believe you, or anyone in this room, to be privy to.
“I believe my informants have pinpointed a location,” James relayed in a voice similarly hushed. “He is likely not there during the day, so once we have the location, we would not be able to make an approach sundown. At this stage, there is little else to do.”
“Yes. I have an affinity for apiculture myself, as the study of bees fascinates me. Therefore, it shall be easy enough to introduce within a telegram or telephone conversation without any questionable nature. I must make myself clear in that we shall not ever discuss this plan in any context outside of private letters or person to person contact. Despite this, however, the signal will need to be sent as quickly as possible from any point of the United Kingdom. So, when you see the word ‘apiary,’ that is your sign to board the next train to London,” Holmes explained in detail.
He looks down at his feet and shakes his head, “Why not?!” John brings his head back up to meet my eyes and has a disbelieving smile across his face. “You bloody moron! She’s out there, she likes you, and she’s
“Yeah, I did,” he lies. Harry (short for Harriet), John’s twin sister, gives him a look. She heard it too.
Quickly, though, he realizes the far more embarrassing part of this situation. He’s lying on his back, and Sherlock is half on top of him. His right arm is wrapped around Sherlock’s torso, tight, and his head is nuzzled against John’s chest with his right arm around John’s front. They must have accidentally ended up this way after they fell asleep. John initially panics, thinking of Sherlock’s potentially visceral reaction and what might come of it.
“Oh. Shit, yeah. Go rest. I’ll, er, text you later?” I don’t want to text her. I don’t want to think about her. It’s her fault any of this even happened in the first fucking pla—
Holmes peered over at me after I finished reading the letter, with one eyebrow raised.
“And I imagine you think that makes me an idiot.”
Hours pass of the couple enjoying the attractions together, Mary running around and making sure John keeps up. They get fish and chips, and it’s the definition of a typical date in every way. This has become John’s idea of normalcy, and it works, he thinks. Well, it works until it doesn’t. Looking up from his food, John freezes. A wave of panic washes over every muscle, every cell in his body.
The sound of John Watson’s voice – a voice that had sprung into action once more as he bickered with his friends. Soft and gentle, yet stern and strict, a true captain’s voice – not a tremor to be heard, not an inch of insecurity, merely pure, overwhelmingly warm confidence, a boy who was comfortable in his own skin.
John turned to Sherlock and nodded softly, grabbing for the boy’s hand once more and following the small girl over to the drink stand. He’d just have to finish his sentence later.
“Oi,” John snorted back, putting forth a playful glare as he watched the curly-haired boy fidget with his back pocket, clearly aiming to remove his wallet, “My invite, my money, yeah?”
“Sherlock?” He heard John’s voice softly beckon, and he hummed in response, waiting as John grunted out a kind, gentle, “How are you feeling?”
Rita @
watsonmyface
The next time Sherlock Holmes saw Molly Hooper they were sitting on a train together. A fancy one at that, with chandeliers and glass tables and regal chairs. Everything was a different color; everything was dark, and touched by mahogany and expensive décor. Everything was so abnormal, so different, so unusual to him.
“Quite the opposite, actually,” John snapped in response, his stance tense and shoulders forward, ready for anything, ready to use force to send Sebastian away, ready to use whatever means necessary.
: um please ?? details
"I just mean for the compliment," He responded softly, smiling a lopsided grin, "on my videos."
and what the hell that meant Sherlock Holmes would never know.
— and strolled over to the side of his bed, plopping himself down against the mattress, the springs creaking for a moment before thoroughly silencing. And
, had forced him to simply wince in his disgust and nod his head. It was far too risky to return to Baker’s studio, no matter how very much he enjoyed Ms. Hudson’s gentle smiles and the larger expanse of the room, all mirrors and shiny wooden floors that beckoned him into action.
, you know — that I’m attracted to!”
John’s frown stayed in place but he nodded and a small smile lifted the corner of his lips, “I’ll see you tomorrow then, yeah?”
“Alright?” John scoffed, laughing softly under his breath and beaming brightly, warmly, heart racing just a bit at the sight of Sherlock Holmes only a mere few inches away. But John’s grin instantly dropped when Sherlock finally turned his way, expression momentarily so pained that John had gone rigid with worry — for a second, Sherlock’s eyes had taken on a glassy, exhausted appearance, and his lips had curved downwards, tense and upset, trembling and unnerved, but then? Like the snap of two fingers, it was gone, completely vanished, a mask replacing it, firm and normal and
Emotions and insecurities all tucked away in the gentle voice of expertly embraced instruments, wailing and crying about what makes them hurt, in the softest way possible.
“They won’t damage your reputation.”
She instantly lifted a hand to her antennas and spat out a sharp, “I’m an
“Depends on who you ask,” John shrugged, letting — the bloody
John jerked back lightly in surprise and swallowed thickly, his body fluttering at the sight of the boy in front of him. All sharp edges and angular curves, high cheekbones and a perfectly sculpted visage, eyes like galaxies and seas combined, lips parted to perfection and - John really needed to stop.
John is bae @
It's not as long as I'd like but I didn't want to make you guys wait anymore.
“Yeah, I finished the reading last night so I felt inspired,” John grinned smugly, positively beaming at the amusement lifting the features of Sherlock’s expression.
He trudged through the open door and into the outdoor world, of which was a sad, dreary setting, everything gray and brown. His mother and brother pursued him onto the trail he'd been walking along only an hour before, beside Molly and her ridiculous thoughts, theories, fantasies.
“See?” John cried out with a fearful laugh, “It
He opened his eyes beneath the water, the soapy mixture stinging as he did; he felt the outer edges of his rib cage attempting to expand, attempting to aid him in taking a breath, but he held tight to his position at the bottom of the bath until he couldn’t manage to do so any further, human anatomy,
All long legs clad in black skinny jeans, and thin torso covered in a baggy grey sweatshirt. He smiled softly, admiring the bounce of the brown curls and the sharpness of those unreadable eyes as they focused on the school, seemingly filling to the very top with revulsion and dislike.
Win for my rugby team today. Couldn’t have done it without their joint efforts! Charge on, mates!
with his older sibling. Part of him was glad for it, thinking over how very
He giggled his high pitched, infamous giggle and shook his head in amusement, "Honestly, I'll turn to my mate Mike and say, 'Watch this,' and it just blows his fucking mind."
: me @ you?????
“Hey,” John muttered softly, as he always did, gentle and warm and bright and careful and cautious and everything that made Sherlock feel as though he were important, as though he were
Sherlock had grown accustomed to receiving little texts from John. Sometimes they were consistent, based on the soundness of the topic at hand, and sometimes they were brief, simple four worded sentences or phrases made and sent simply, it seemed, to make Sherlock smile. It didn’t help to cease his ever growing crush, a crush that was beginning to swallow him whole, a crush that forced him into a blush every time John met his eyes with his own - that bloody ocean blue - or flashed him that short, crooked smile. It was starting to get out of hand and Sherlock was having difficulty shoving those stupid, unimportant feelings down, down, down until there was nothing left anymore but numbness. For some reason, the way he felt about John was refusing to vanish.
It wasn't that he didn't find it interesting, or even important, it was simply that he found it entirely grating. Give him a math problem or a physics test any day, but literature?
As if having read his mind, Molly placed a soft hand on his shoulder and lifted a mischievous brow in curious question, “How was hanging out with Sherlock Holmes?”
. With social things. Talking, on occasion, in general.” He ignored Irene’s amused snort. “What if he doesn’t even like me and you’re both making him feel awful?"
As if sensing Sherlock’s suspicion, Haymitch turned to him with a brow arched, one side of his mouth quirking at the corner as he tilted his head inquiringly, “Problem?
His phone buzzed once more before his fingers could go about responding.
“Tell me something I
the work.
He watched John do a double take as he started to open his driver’s side door, “You —
John glanced at him, instantly glaring daggers, sending the boy into a state of reddened shame as he slouched further in his chair and acted as though he were going to take a conveniently timed catnap. When the rugby captain turned away from the brute and back to the other boy choosing to push his buttons, Sholto was shaking his head in amusement and running a pale hand through his bleach blonde hair.
“You like him, don’t you?” Greg said, a little more quietly, curiosity and sincerity laced within the sound, a voice that fell soft at the end, harmless and careful, “I mean like
,” John snapped, eyes flashing dangerously, brows drawn forwards, scowling, sneering, glaring, practically snarling at Sherlock’s lopsided position on his leather chair, limbs lifeless, eyes half open, lips parted.
“What? How’d you find him then?” James Sholto asked rather vehemently.
“Be my friend, I don’t care. Why would I? If you’re too moronic to take my advice then fine, so be it. But I
“Do not move, Watson.”
“Difference of prose alone is not what lies within this letter, Watson! Although, it is true what you say. No, I am far more concerned about what words remain absent than what words are present.”
“Not as successful as yours, it seems,” he responded, a flash of harshness lining his features, before fading again. “Good day, Mrs. Watson. Pleasure to see you, even if I do not appear to be in the highest of spirits,” he said to my wife, nodding his head in her direction.
Our hosts bade us goodbye, ever so gracious and charming, with promises that we were to do it again, very soon indeed. Miranda placed kisses both on mine and Mary’s cheeks and Thomas held my hand in his perhaps longer than necessary—or maybe I imagined so after our conversation?—and soon, Mary and I were in a carriage headed for our lodgings. The silence between us was pregnant and intense, as I yearned to share with my wife the conversation by the fireside, while equally wanting to bury it deep within myself like a shameful secret. Electing not to say anything after all, I looked out the window instead, letting my eyes wander over the rushing London streets, drowning in the darkness of the summer night.
The sounding of the midnight bell of the clock in the hallway shook me out of my stupor. Alfred Hamilton’s private room was awash with the scent of blood and gunpowder. One thought crossed my desperate, fear-addled mind:
In an attempt to quell our worry for James’ absence, we decided to indulge in a full Scottish and take our time with the early morning. Once delivered, the fry-up appeared adequate at first glance, but upon the first bite of sausage, I very nearly spat it out. I swallowed it to maintain any level of propriety I could manage, but after trying the disastrous pile of eggs, I did not dare take my chances with whatever else was on this plate. With a resigned sigh, I pushed the platter away in favour of my half filled cup of tea. Mary and Miranda had much the same reaction to their breakfasts, and we shared a worried look. I did not wish to forego the comfort of a good breakfast, but this would certainly not do. If we had to go looking for breakfast somewhere, we could easily miss James when he returned to the inn as he said he would.
Vane emerged from the hold behind us breathing heavy but seemingly unharmed. His eyes were burning with an emotion I could not describe with ease. It was as if he was so immersed in a memory beyond our reckoning that he could not quite see us there.
“Perhaps you are right,” he resigns. “There is a reason for my stubbornness, I suppose, beyond that of my own individual guilt, though I know now that it was nothing but foolish.”
he said. And while, to any other man, his words may have meant nothing, to me they meant everything. In an instant, the missing pieces to the tragedy of Lord Thomas Hamilton fell into place. There were several aspects of that story that never sat well with me, you see. How would Lord Ashbourne have uncovered such a secret of his son’s indecency without someone to inform him? Would he have taken the word of just any man, with enough conviction to have the young Lord Hamilton indicted and imprisoned? For many years, I had placed the blame on myself. Ashbourne had threatened me as a means to keep me placated as a pawn against his son, but the most I did was request my brother’s aid with his contacts at Whitehall—nothing more. I had no interest in Thomas Hamilton’s ruin, and in fact did all in my power to prevent his terrible fate. The fact that it was not enough was—”
He spoke with a finality that sat heavy in the air around us. Much of our next steps were dictated by this evening’s events, and so much of our final strands of hope lay in wait for the answers they may be given. The high-spirited conversation of moments ago was now replaced with the uncertain anxiety.
“Lion indeed. And, I believe I may have had rather a lucky escape from those sharp claws, dear friend. Have you made any unique discoveries in my absence?” I asked, finally turning my gaze away from McGraw. “If not, I think I may have uncovered some truths of my own.”
“He lied to you. He told you a half truth just in an attempt to frighten you, when he had already won.” Sherlock turns toward Thomas, then, pushing his fingernails into the palms of his hands and averting his eyes.
My friend delivered his sentence with the tone of a big revelation, so I thought back to what he may have been referring to, and came up short. Silver looked similarly confused. However, James stiffened beside me, his eyes wide.
Everything was spinning. Debris and stone was raining all around us and all I could do was curl upon myself in a pure instinct of self preservation. Despite my shock, despite the tremors wrecking my body, despite the horrendous fear that I felt, I knew what this was. I had seen it far too many times to mistake it for anything else. This was an explosion. An explosion that had come from the neighbouring room, the one we were told was empty. A planned one, no less.
For all my years on this earth, I had never seen an expression of love such as theirs; two human beings, whom fate had dealt the unluckiest of cards, had defeated the odds and come out on the other side covered with terrible wounds, yet capable of existing in tenderness. As improper as it may have been, I could stop looking at them.
“The route then found its way into Madi’s hands, which is how I met her. Silver could tell we were cut from the same cloth, could see that her and I were of one mind. I think—I believe that frightened him.” James sighed. “Now that I look back on myself, I can see why. The man I was then—I did not much care what would happen to me, for I saw no reason to stay alive. I threw myself in front of the fire and I did not care who else would burn to cinders. In a bid to protect his wife from what he saw was a dangerous influence, Silver— he did something that disrupted our efforts, briefly.” The sentence seemed to stick to James’ throat. “I—it is too much of a difficult story to impart in full, but the trust between him and Madi, between me and him, was damaged that day, damaged to what I thought was beyond repair. The reason why he came with me to Glasgow was because he hoped to earn his absolution for his perceived faults.” James rubbed his eyes, whether chasing sleep from them or wiping at a dampness there, I could not say. “Once he knew of the chance that Thomas could be alive, he wanted to do everything in his power to save him. At first I thought it was to repair his relationship with Madi but— I would be lying now if I said I did not know that he is doing it for my sake alone.”
“Good heavens,” Mary spoke first, ushering the both of us inside. Without a doubt, she could see the accumulation of soot, blood, and weariness across our faces, yet she took me into her arms anyway, holding fast. It was only then I realised how cold I had been in comparison to her steady warmth. Miranda stared at James and I, silent for a moment, as though trying to comprehend what our presence without our party could mean.
“It appears more romantic in its style than other letters between affairing lovers often are in my experience. Other than that, I cannot speak to what holds value here, aside from concrete proof of Lady Hamilton’s affair,” I recorded. The true weight of my reaction was held under a locked safe within my mind. I prayed that my friend could not find the key to it.
“John…” she began, hesitation in her tone. What could she have gathered from this case that I could not find without additional context? “I fear this case may be too dangerous for Holmes to involve himself in. What I know of the Hamiltons alone, what is spoken of behind closed doors and drawn curtains… You are much too close to these affairs for my comfort. You must tell Holmes you cannot participate in this case.”
