"You can't give up, Dean, not now."  It takes a long time for him to identify the voice as Castiel's, soft and rough and something else, something he's never heard before.  I can't--" His voice breaks off for an uneven breath, and distantly, Dean wonders if he's okay. "If you do, I'll be forced to take measures that will make you very unhappy once you're cognizant again, and I won't care at all.  I've done worse for far less.  Do you understand me?"
"Logistics." It didn't take him long to work out why cabin assignments had to be handled officially and why Cas created an actual goddamn process to do it.  "So that's why you were looking at your spreadsheet like it betrayed you before dinner."
"Cas, Nate did the equivalent of calling your dad to tell him how terrible you and he are for having sex," she explains. "One--who calls your hook-up's parents after sex?  No one.  That
.  Maybe just stay in here?" he asks, looking around the room. "Salt line, lock the door, maybe move the bed...just until I get back, I mean."
"We need to get back and get Alicia to look at that," Dean is saying, sounding angry about something, but what, he's not sure, and he can't think clearly enough to reassure him.  "Fuck, should have stopped before--Cas?"  Something comes in sharp contact with his face, and Castiel blinks, focusing on Dean.  "You with me?"
.  Alistair himself took only one, Castiel himself, and Castiel none at all.  If she'd ever thought about it, she would have assumed even if Castiel wished to, Alistair would never, ever allow it.
"Yeah, thanks."  Sighing, he waits for the door to close before dropping back on the bed with a sigh and wonders vaguely if it's if he can say he mixed up 'paranoia' and 'being really tired'.  It could happen to anyone.
"Monica was in four of these while we were married," Joe says.  "Her sister--stepsister--was never listed as next of kin, they barely spoke for reasons--drama, Dean, you have no idea--but I was as her husband.  Some of the forms asked about power of attorney, including medical, but she never bothered with that because marriage presumes that kind of thing.  On this one, I'm gonna bet she skipped right over that section from sheer habit.  She was denied within a day of going into the hospital, when I was called, because under the terms of our divorce, until she designated someone else, they were legally obligated to call me."
"They were able to help Dean create a model to train new hunters that was simple, thorough, and made instruction both faster and easier. I was among the first who learned to instruct hunters using that model so it could be observed by those with more experience, since my Grace could protect the new recruits from injury while I learned as well.  It also helped that after learning from Dean how to fight in a human body, I was familiar enough with it to access my memories of generations of hunters and teach this body to use those skills so I could pass them to others."
"I see no reason to question Kat, other than what Naresh requires, of course.  She'll say the same if she has any sense.  I doubt Kat will confess, in any case."
"It's not the first time a human has implied I had a carnal relationship with livestock," he replies.  "Though granted, considering the plethora of shepherds, it tended to be limited to sheep."
"Amanda will work with him," Joe says.  "You taught her and Vera a lot about rehab after injuries, so thanks for that."
Dean looks at his companion, whose surprised expression tells him he's missing something.  "She doesn't like company."
At half an hour past midnight, the storm's been going for twenty minutes, power's been off for over two hours, and Cas has been unconscious for just over three.
"Eliminate best case scenario immediately," Alicia agrees. "It's never going to be best case scenario.  Cas taught us that."
"My parents hired me my own," she tells him.  "You don't make head at fifteen and lead your squad to first in state three years in a row on your can-do attitude.  Only practice, a strong work ethic, utter misery, and physical pain on a daily basis can get those kind of admittedly very impressive results. Also, ice packs: never leave home without 'em, I always say." She heaves a sigh.  "I was so out of shape, Dean--that intermediate was
"Yeah, the angel thing…" Chuck trails off with a shrug.  "It was mutual, trust me.  You think you've seen him be a dick?  That's just baseline; with them, he put effort into it.  I mean, not that I blame him," he admits, something darker in his voice.  "Everyone was scared of them.  They were--intense, let's put it that way."
"Oh God," he breathes, looking at Cas incredulously while hating Phil forever.  "Ichabod isn't goddamn Babylon!"
"I've been ordered, manipulated, blackmailed, compelled, forced, tortured, but you….." Cas licks his lips, looking uncertain.  "You were the first to simply ask.  As if I even had the right to the question."
Also okay with: being the center of Cas's undivided attention, in which his only job is to lie there and let Cas ply him with water, blankets, warm, wet washcloths, and lots of petting.  And he doesn't even have to be dying, feverish, Croat-infected, or with the worst cold in history to get it; it's great.
"You think I can't provide sufficient protection for you?" he asks, wondering if he should be offended.  "I've improved when it comes to combat on this plane.  It was rather necessary for my survival."
"I didn't, not until after Lucca's conception," he answers. "When I completed the reversion, it showed me its mind in hopes that would buy it mercy.  When I saw…." The blue eyes chill.  "I took it apart, of course, and found it all, and what it used against you in defiance of your correction and your will."
"Too bad about the ankle," Dean is saying to Alison.  "Can't even dance with your girlfriend.  Lucky for you," he adds, putting his cup down, "I'm here for you."  Turning to a visible startled Teresa, he asks with exaggerated courtesy, "Can I have this dance?"
The backhand isn't just physical, fingers of Grace ripping through him in jagged blades like being skinned alive a hundred times--a thousand--as time twists slower and speeds up, seconds like hours, like days, like
"We had other priorities," Cas says, starting to look annoyed.  "In case you've forgotten, we were trying--"
"More the danger of taking Occam's razor as gospel," Joe answers, raising his eyebrows in acknowledgement of that inconvenient truth as well.  "Even with Cas's report, none of us but Alicia really thought it was anything but tired, crazy people being more than usually crazy.  Naresh independently confirmed Alicia's suspicions before they started sharing notes, and now you know why she likes him."
"These are summaries," she interrupts.  "I drafted the them myself; they're stored in the empty cubicles by my sleep cubicle.  All they have to do is present them, and I wrote their speeches already as well as their arguments and counters.  I need a majority in the Senate first, they will make the decree--not worth the paper it's written on, but I want it--and then it will be presented to the Plebian Assembly to be ratified and legally iron-clad; that means I need all thirteen votes without a veto."
"I'm going after them."  Alicia pushes off the wall and starts down the hall.  "Cathy doesn't know what the hell she's doing, fuck knows what Micah did to Carol to get her to do this, Kat's crazy--"
, Cas told him on Christmas Eve, and that was true, a lot like snow isn't known to be very warm.  Now--now he may need Cas's mental thesaurus to give him the word for this, because he's kind of tapped for vocabulary and education is never wasted.  Apprehension, no: anticipation, fuck yeah, building more every day, thinking about what he knows in theory and what he can guess, and there's nothing he doesn't want to try at least once (and most he already knows he'll like).
"Will do, and thanks," he answers, and with a wave, Walter leaves as Cas takes the steps two at a time.  "Good job," he says when Cas joins them.
"See to Licinia, Claudia," the older woman says tonelessly, and Claudia eases Licinia to her feet, catching her when she staggers, skirts akimbo.  Turning to her daughter, she inclines her head in unmistakable command. "Please assist her, Sempronia."
"Sarah?" Kat says frantically, starting toward her, boots sliding out beneath her on the blood-slick floor and landing on her knees.  "Sarah, wait--
"An entire generation of potential witches," Castiel agrees.  "Combined with losing most of an earlier generation of full witches during the epidemic and the attrition after, by the time the Apocalypse started, there wouldn't be enough of you alive to matter."  Unexpectedly, he starts to smile. "Lucifer must have been
"One memory," he spits out, panic clawing through him. "One, and this isn't a memory. This isn't like your offering to the earth; all that it was, is, and will be is the smallest fraction of the whole of Creation, and Creation is only a single mote of what's contained within me.  She'll shatter in a single breath!"
Cas looks up, and damned if he doesn't look amused.  "I highly doubt it would occur to anyone to deny you access to any of the camps for any reason."
…but inhale-long beat-exhale-long beat-repeat, that's real.  He's grateful and everything, but Vera's kind of fucking with his listening here.
"Rip his spine from his still-writhing body?" a familiar voice murmurs against his ear before he can make the mistake of asking Jeffrey if he understands what 'convincing' means and how telling him he won't kill him doesn't qualify when one wants to appear genuinely threatening.  "Sorry I'm late for the party," Dean continues quietly, one warm hand resting on the back of his neck.  "I miss anything?"
"Wendy," Cas says like it's a universal answer to all the questions anyone could ask.  "She had them delivered late last night."
"We better start toward Admin, get good seats.  You ready?"  Castiel takes Dean's extended hand gratefully as the cushions squeal a second hideously loud protest.  Even more gratifyingly, Dean looks at Amanda, saying, "Yeah, you're coming, too."
"For one, I do not think it would be in anyone's interest for it to be discovered Chitaqua's leader and one of the co-leaders of Ichabod's patrol were directly exposed to Croatoan at manifestation, almost non-existent the chances of infection might be.  However, on the off-chance it gets out, we can confirm you both were isolated after."
Gaze lingering on the still figure on the bed, he tries to think what happens next; this part he's never known in more than the broadest outlines.
"Tony says two of the gates should be ready in a couple of hours," she tells him as they both watch not-entirely-blasé-but-trying patrol teams escort groups of exhausted, shivering people into Ichabod through the opening--from here, he's estimating the thickness at ten feet, which granted, is a long way to go without noticing you're walking through a cavern of--wall substance, did Cas even give it a name?
"You know the drill," Vera says, raising her voice when everyone is assembled in the lobby and taking advantage of a temporary lull in laughter and traded anecdotes.  "Any new injuries other than Cas, who's doing a shitty job hiding it?"  Everyone shakes their head.  "I set up isolation in the mess.  Strip down, everything that isn't metal goes in the biohazard bag, weapons on the table.  There's a bathroom across the hall; scrub down, grab some scrubs--and say thanks to Dolores next time you see her--and go relax for a while.  I left snacks, bandages, painkillers, and alcohol for everyone," she adds, pausing for the inevitable cheering.  "Two hour clock starts now; let's get going."
Stripping off his coat, Castiel takes out his knife and steps over the salt line with a rush of adrenaline like a shock from a live wire, feeling a wide grin spread across his face.  "Here, boy."
"Chuck knew you the first time you were here and he's also a prophet; that mitigated the risk."  Cas looks conflicted, not quite meeting Dean's eyes.  "He and Dean are the only two people here who I knew and who knew me before I Fell."
"I know, but this changes things. Or could," she adds, frowning for a moment.  "That part's up to you."
Cornelia's expression flicker as the temple of Concord comes into view, built on the slaughter of her son, his followers, and three thousand men without trial.  Raising her chin, she focuses on the cluster of senators gathering on the rostra, dark eyes lit from within with a hatred as deep and raw as her grief, and even from here, Dean can feel the hostility of the crowd growing by leaps and bounds.
"Maybe?" She shakes her head at his expression.  "Look, brownie infections are weird anyway.  Yours is pretty much the worst possible iteration without being dead, and it was a close thing.  From here out, this is learn as we go."  Before he can respond, she adds, "Your bloodwork is still sketchy, so I'm putting you a steroid and antibiotic for the next month to avoid unexpected pneumonia, though your lungs seem fine, so don't worry about it."
"Last night."  Which is why she was waiting for him this morning.  The leader of Chitaqua was a lot less intimidating with his own Fallen-angel shaped secret.  "Something you said made Amanda wonder if you'd told Cas that he was your second in command yet?" He laughs before he can stop himself, and Alison grins.  "And something about sleeping on the couch as an alternative to smiting, and that being the reason you came back for another visit so soon after the last one."
, even things that have no relation to her," Teresa continues. "If she doesn't understand, she wants context so she can--and let me tell you, that's an adventure in itself--and if that fails…she doesn't give up, not really, and that was a surprise.  She just waits, and when it comes up, she tries again; about half the time, she gets it on the second or third try, but Dean, that's just the start--once, it took her eleven separate attempts before she got it, and we have some in progress working on their twentieth attempt with no sign she's going to stop until it clicks.  And people--I thought in Laredo it paid attention, but if she were human, she'd be the most determined stalker ever.  But in good way," she explains.  "She knows everyone--individually, I mean--whether or not they have the potential to be hers. Or more--she considered everyone here hers, just not everyone meant for direct service, something like that.  Though that part is best guess, I'm not sure she even knows what to call it."
When he returns from putting the kit away in the bathroom, a sheet of the paper that Nate insists is to be used for construction plans is spread on the coffee table, secured by two glasses, an unusually attractive rock Castiel discovered when verifying that mowing duty was being adequately discharged in those parts of the camp not easily visible from the inhabited portion, and a pocketknife.
"Oh Jesus," Dean groans, opening his eyes to glare at Castiel before dropping back onto the couch and covering his face.  "I hate you."
From his seat at the base of an apple tree, Castiel watches Dean disappear behind the edge of the orchard to retrieve another weapon from the jeep, flexing his right hand absently before shoving it in his pocket.
Drawing his knees up, Dean nods.  "Weird to imagine, and yes, I do get the irony of me saying that."
John Winchester's training is the kind of thing that's bone-deep, inescapable no matter how far you go and God knows, Sam did his damndest and still couldn't lose it.  Staring around this suddenly familiar cabin, he thinks that some things must pass in the blood or something, because if he peels away the cheap gloss of the hedonistic druggie, his own fingerprints one universe over are all over Cas.
"I lived in that goddamn building with peeling wallpaper and I wanted light to see how to get that shit off.  I wanted to sleep in a bed and eat food off a plate and to do that, I had to go outside and I wanted to do that and not be afraid.  I got three of four; I was still afraid, every minute, but when Tony showed us the guns he'd collected from around town, me and Neer were first in line to get them and learn to use them."  She wipes hastily at her eyes, glancing at Teresa in a moment of shared warmth, before looking at Dean again.  "And for his efforts, Tony got back to find out the lights were on and he was our first mayor.  I don't think he's forgiven us for that one yet."
"Yes, of course."  Cas looks at him, cheerfully malicious grin and incandescent blue eyes and Dean can, actually, see him doing just that.  "Why not?  Gabriel certainly enjoyed doing it to us, and he'd appreciate the humor.  Eventually."
"Manuel said they just passed the first feeder but one of the snowplows is down, no idea why," Alison says as they start to the infirmary while patrol prepares for breaking the perimeter line, members going among the waiting crowd to shout instruction on where to go and what to do and hope everyone listens.
"Required reading for a witch," Teresa says wryly.  "It's a very rhythmic example of a badly-cast coercive gone viral; started with one woman crazy dancing in the street and within a month, there were four hundred dancers and a lot of dead bodies from those who danced themselves to death."
"I'll take your word for it."  Slowly, nauseatingly, the shifting slows to a stop. "And they're gone.  What the fuck--" She glances up and sees Castiel frowning, blue eyes distant.  "Cas? What?"
which is (we think) being the bottom piece of bread of an aristocrat/slave sandwich.  This again was legal by Roman law; I read somewhere his son was seventeen, so there wasn't even the Roman version of coming of age and leaving your father's hand (again, Rome) to protect him.  Eburnus was murderously golden.
their best possible choice, and there's gotta be a reason for that. It's a nice town and you take in orphans, you're great, don't get me wrong, but come
The narrow room manages, against all odds, to combine all the worst parts of a prison cell and a hospital room.  Bare white walls, the small window nailed over with wooden planks (probably due to the lack of glass, true), it's furnished with nothing but a cot, several pieces of alarmingly noisy medical equipment, and a stack of books in the corner.  Which is all it can actually hold; Castiel's aware of a sense of sympathetic claustrophobia just looking inside from the observation room.  Despite the cold, he wants to open a window, and it's only with an effort he ignores the fact that this room, devoted to observation of those in quarantine, doesn't have one other than the one looking into Haruhi's room and the one in the door.
, and he keeps forgetting that.  "Better get to reading before the screaming starts," he adds, wondering tiredly if he can stop anytime soon.
She gives him a mischievous look before abruptly darting toward the water.  Obviously a surprise: the water rears back in something not unlike a reverse wave, opening up a wide, wet sand circle around her just before her toes make contact.  Spinning around to face him, she throws out both arms in hilarious despair, and he's still choking on sandy laughter as he joins her.
"So math tells us until I can get more than a guess on the arc.  Ellipses are like that."  They both take a moment to watch one of city services leap to his feet, projecting frustration and pointing at something on the future gate and yelling--numbers?  In the background, he sees Laura pause beside Alison, and Alison, the traitor, point in his direction and Laura start toward them.  Technically--and he does get this--he's actually in charge here, and there's no reason to hate Alison right now.
"Not the best fighter," she says, counting off the points.  "Don’t know shit about religions past and present, don't know a dozen dead languages, no military background, and no experience as a hunter." She shrugs.  "I had to expand my skillsets somehow.  My survival depended on it."
"You could help with bagging the hazardous material," Castiel tells his rigid back before Dean can think of something to say that would not in any way be appropriate for the room of a woman in labor.  Gently, he pushes on his back to get him moving as Vera goes to the tray; he should be there to bring it to her, he remembers, and pushes Dean harder until they're both inside the door.
He thinks he gets why Cas was surprisingly reluctant to go into detail about exactly how much overlap there was between him and this Dean.  Even in a camp where he knows, just from observation, sex is everyone's favorite hobby, this Dean and Cas would've only been entirely sure of where they stood in relation to the women here over the last two years if the room contained only Amanda and Ana, who being the only two lesbians, knew nothing in the personal about their cocks or what they did with them.  Everyone else was an eternal crapshoot that took a lot of not thinking about it to work at all.
Micah cheeks puff helplessly, screams trapped behind sealed lips.  Horror-filled eyes stare at him until his lips part on a wet gasp. "Twelve.  Twelve days."
.  His blood's probably still half THC.  Even Cas was impressed."  Squeezing Dean's shoulder as they reach the outer edge of the cabins, she says, "Okay, gotta get writing, so let's split this up--who wants to cover Dean fainting--"
"Almost died during the fever, remember?" Reaching out, he pulls Andy's left hand free of the mattress and squeezes it, aware of Vera's gasp.  Cas murmurs something he can't quite hear, but the ripple of command in his voice sends Mel and David a reluctant step back.  "When you turn around, you'll see a lot of sheep--you have no idea, they're fucking everywhere."
"Anything interesting happen while I was gone?" he asks before losing Cas to the laptop again.  May even notice that he's home a day early.
"--but it was harder than I thought."  She looks at him challengingly.  "So did I pass your test or what?"
"I’m a psychic," she says succinctly, leaning her chin on one hand.  "When he's in town, I can't avoid knowing about it, whether I'm blocking everyone or not.  He's special like that."
"I thought it would be easier to get used to it if I started now," he admits with a sigh.  "It was only two days--"
"Due to my historical behavior at such meetings--a mild example of which you witnessed less than a week ago--I generally prefer to limit my interactions to observation."
"And almost invisible if you think about it," Alicia offers.  "Ichabod, barrier, people: of course everyone's gonna be cranky, paranoid, and weird, and of course we think everyone incoming is crazy--they were
"Nah, she can't get the one percent with Christina on regular patrol." Joe sighs in heartfelt relief while Dean looks between them, trying frantically to think of a way to find out what's going on when Amanda catches his eye and grins.  "You don't remember? Cas found transcendental meditation but didn't like the meditation part, so--"
"That's all they did," he says.  "No matter what anyone did to them.  Even if no one was doing anything at all.  Three weeks of that shit really changes your perspective."
"--by engaging in perfectly chaste physical contact, but it will be at least an hour before the effects dissipate enough to think clearly, so I--"
Dean squints up at him as Cas gets to his feet, going to the drawer where dwells Vera's latest punishment for him making it hard for her to keep him alive.  "We really don't."
"Alison," he says, effortlessly finding her still-searching mind; doing it himself would be too dangerous even if he was still an angel. "I need you to do something: form in your mind the concept of 'stop'." Her acknowledgment is almost instantaneous.  "You have it?  On my word, think it to your entire current range."  He takes a breath, making sure everything is ready.  "Now."
"It's working very well, and I don't see any reason to change that."  He grimaces, adding with noticeable reluctance, "However, she may have had a point in that you need rest, and now that you're not as ill as you were, their presence here will be a disturbance."
"And water," Dean grunts in resignation--he's pretty sure they'll be okay--and with another grunt, curls up onto his side to wait.
Teresa makes a see-saw gesture with one hand.  "I can influence more, but let's say I better have very good reasons to try.  If they're not, that's a breach of my agreement with the earth, and I think you can guess the penalty for a first offense. Hint: there's no first for that kind of offense."
Dean licks his lips, looking away uncomfortably before meeting Castiel's eyes.  "Even if we stopped it now--right now--the balance thing, that would still be a problem."
"Yeah, I get it." If he wouldn't tell this Dean about his lieutenants trying to kill him, a little medical prejudice wouldn't even make the fucking radar.
Cas tilts his head.  "Technically speaking, our responsibilities are limited to shared defense, which in this case, considering the number of people at Ichabod's patrol line, assistance with that could easily be considered.  Not to mention the potential threat that drove them here, if it exists."
"Give me a second."  Christ, why didn't he ever think to tell Cas about Crowley before?  He wants to think he just didn't think about it, but no.  "So you know the bigger plan which has many parts, some we don't know about yet?  I may know what the end game is here."
"They did a good job dressing it," Lena says. "But Karl asked to use our jeep to get her back and was on the walky-talky with Dolores while Kim drove, so no idea.  They'll probably call for Vera if…"
"Nothing," Alison confirms, gulping the last of her tea before looking at Castiel.  "No blank space, either."
He gives up trying to reach the far walls after only a few tries; no matter how long he walks, it's pretty obvious he's never gonna get there, time to move on.  Coming back to where he started (the only wall that doesn't make a break for it, which he assumes means something), he watches in surprise as black lines begin to appear on the starkly white stone, curving into shapes before his eyes, brilliant color following in long streaks, and stepping back, he watches five pictures form one by one, scenes torn from mythology and brought vividly to life.
Jesus, if he thought that would work, he'd be naked and enthusiastically putting off the inevitable sexual identity crisis for when he has time to deal with it (after: Lucifer's defeat, saving the kids, curing Croatoan, finishing the mess, remembering the password to his goddamn laptop, saving the world, building the new room on the cabin, dealing with that end of reality thing….seriously, he's got a lot of shit to do).  He's not goddamn Nate, fucking with Zack's head for two years and change because he can't deal with what he wants and making everyone else not-deal right along with him.  For once in his goddamn life, he's not gonna fuck up, and there's no margin of error here, not when it comes to Cas.
At Sudha's gasp, the goddess reaches impatiently to place his hands in the correct position beneath her, just above the padding, and Castiel watches in horrified fascination as a red-stained yellow-brown lump emerge from Sudha's body.  "That's a baby?"
"Blood, kind of?" Chuck's face scrunches up in thought; if Dean tilts his head, it reminds him a lot of Sam's troll doll collecting phase.  "We all kind of stood there while he stared at the wards for a while, drew a sigil with our blood, the blood vanishes, and presto; we're in."
He's still surprised that he doesn't necessarily mind, even if his hands are starting to ache constantly from the unfamiliar activity.  There's something immensely soothing in devoting the entirety of his attention and energy to drawing, rough pencil-sketches he improves over hours before confirmation in pen.  When he told Dean that, however, he was inexplicably amused but refused to explain why.
There's a chorus of sighs, the resignation in like manna to his soul.  Joe gives him sour look.  "You don't have to do them."
, can't have that.  He's torn between wanting Cas to do something crazy and awesome like grab a gun and leap down the wall--
"I'd be a lot happier if more of Ichabod's patrol didn't have their anti-possession sigils in permanent marker," Dean retorts, a sentiment that both Manuel and Teresa have expressed more than once.  "Five towns, not a single tattoo gun between them."
"Dean, come on, they're kids," Mel says in amusement.  "They do this.  Why put roadblocks in the way of true lust?"
"That's why I'm here."  Dean's worried expression intensifies.  "We're just waiting for Matt, and before you ask why, refer to five seconds ago.  You know...." More carefully, Castiel swings his legs off the bed, deliberately dislodging Dean's hand as he fixes his gaze on the door in the hope that Matt will appear by a hitherto unknown ability to teleport. Stranger things have happened, today in fact.  "Cas, what the hell is up with you?"
"It's that easy?" Amanda demands, voice shaking.  "When you trained us, that was just a given; three months, now get out there and deal, good luck with that, now ready for the next group?"
"Cas, there are weeds taller than some of the cabins and we have cables for the generators going right through 'em.  Hell, replace the cables while you're at it before we all die in a fire, literally."  This is actually a really good idea.  "Nothing's going on?  Manual labor never hurt anyone.  Keep 'em from getting soft."
"Me," Chuck confirms.  "I said no one knows what really happened that night, so they guessed.  I made sure they got it right."
"All the wards do is create an illusion that affects all five senses in corporeal beings within these four walls, making you effectively invisible," Cas explains, getting a look eerily reminiscent of Sam when he reads too much and forgets Dean doesn't care.  "Contamination is what gives the wards the object to tell their senses why they can't see you, that being that you don’t exist independently of me."  In a stunning display of personal growth, Cas actually stops to think about that.  "That sounds terrible."
"It was meatloaf surprise night at the mess.  What meat, who can tell?  Ana came by to check up on me and I told her to run to the mess and grab you dinner.  You should eat."
"Just what's in the file cabinet-dresser," she says, pointing toward the corner where a battered metal file cabinet is slumping against the wall. "Rabin finished moving the furniture I needed last night."
"Our totally not permanent headquarters in Ichabod," Dean tells him, getting up to find Cas's boots and a pair of clean socks.  "Come here."
"That is new," Cas rasps into the silence, voice like gravel dragged through cemetery dirt, serrated edges and shattered glass and broken screams, jagged stretches of ice stretching to eternity, glaciers floating in an infinite ocean. "What are you doing here?"
Here, her scars are on display, proof of her education in the tools of her craft and her expertise in their use: long, thick ridges and finer pink lines decorate her forearms above the wristbands, some fading just above the elbow, others thin barely-there slices; a thick, heavy line reaches from mid-arm to over her shoulder and almost lost her the use of her left arm; the round neck of the tank top reveals three more, two almost faded.
"Your sacrifice is appreciated," he tells Andy's haunted expression before focusing on Alicia.  "Check in every hour with whoever is on duty here for any potential changes to the duty roster.  Until your next shift, enjoy yourselves.  There's barbecue, fajitas, and samosas, or so I've been told."  He nods at Amanda before hopping up on the table; he might as well be comfortable for this.  "Please get the door."
"Which is why Joseph was very pleased they liked our newly acquired weapons so much," Cas says in amusement.  "However, the oil companies are subject to very close government scrutiny and random inspections, and are fined with monotonous regularity when their employees are arrested for selling oil on the black market, completely of their own accord, of course.  They're also very surprised and outraged, with equally monotonous regularity."
"The Apocalypse is always being beaten somewhere," Dean agrees, not quite sure he could take it so philosophically when it wasn't his somewhere winning.  Well, he knows he wouldn't; not like his counterpart was thrilled to see him the first time, and Chuck isn't throwing a party right now for the survival of a world they don't even get to see.  Then again, this is Cas and he's crazy.  Maybe knowing one world existed meant there were other ones out there, better ones.  Somewhere, they saved the world, Sam settled down with a nice girl, and Cas is sheriff of heaven, an angel of the Lord, and never crawled through the sewage of humanity behind another Dean who turned his own fucking personality disorder into a working theory of existence.  "Okay, I'm convinced."
Vera, after consultation with a very wary Alicia, decided to remove it before she left; it was like being the exhibit in a very back to the earth hospital, Vera falling into lecture mode with Alicia, Cas, and Joe in attendance while sawing off the cast and everyone (including Dean) stared in fascination at the dead zombie foot attached to Dean's leg with an almost physical revulsion (or maybe that's just Dean).
"Stalking and harassment."  Amanda's eyes widen.  "Speaking of, I'm gonna need you to help out Joe when we get home; we both know this happened more than once, and I want to know who, when, and exactly what he did."
"There's that." As they start toward the stairs again, Dean thinks he has to at least try.  "You get Micah could have lied to her about everything, right?  I mean...." Something goes there, like 'unbelievable bullshit', but the hell of it, it's not; the kind of people that Dean recruited were fanatics, they hated Lucifer, and their souls were probably a cheap price to pay if that's what it took.
The list of license plate numbers will be sent with Joseph on his next trip to the border, along with casual questions about any problems with people crossing either into or between the zones, but it's far more likely all of those infected were from somewhere within Kansas.  It's not particularly limiting; the infected zone is dangerous, and acquisition would be both painfully easy and in some parts probably unremarked.  People vanish every day from existing towns, and that doesn't include the migratory groups or the raiders who move restlessly between the infected states and whose exact numbers are unknown.
"Vicky," he interrupts, shaking her hand; some things stick with you, and those reports from the attack on Ichabod he can almost recite verbatim.  "Maggie was your sister, right?"  She nods, surprised smile fading. "Amanda told us a lot about her.  And you, offering to take her place."
"Blood is very powerful," Lucifer observes, dropping to the ground.  "Wards to keep out the supernatural generally require it be human.  Maybe yours just isn't human enough."
Castiel watches Sudha's rippling belly, distorting on multiple planes in response to the changes being enacted on her body both to safely bear a child and to assure her future fertility, should she choose to have more; correcting the flaws to the uterus and cervix, manually beginning the chemical process to hasten labor that was partially in abeyance due to her body's confusion with the contrast between her actual body and the miracle that made it possible for her to become pregnant. Further corrections, part of covenant with Sudha but not specific in request, simply to benefit Sudha from nothing more than love and gratitude, are enacted with love and care. Dean and Alison match Sudha's breathing instinctively, the rhythm carrying her through the agonizing physical pain that accompanies remaking a human body in such a fundamental way.
"I never had monitors for him.  Everything I had, I stole on missions, and it wasn't much," she whispers thickly.  "I had to learn to watch him, every second, he was his own diagnostic machine for me, all of them.  Six months, he came back from a mission I could see by the way he got out of the jeep whether there was something wrong and even guess where and severity.  Pulse, blood pressure, respiration, I can do his stats by touch, I can check his actual pain level by the back of his neck and how he holds his shoulders--and he's under like five thousand blankets because we gotta keep him warm and that goddamn monitor won't shut up so I can hear him breathing and be sure everything's okay."
The most important thing to know about Egyptian Revival is that for a while, people were a bit nutty for Egyptian-styled furniture, art, ornament, architecture--you name it, there was a market for it. The second most important thing to know about Egyptian Revival is that pretty much
"Information." Micah sits back, cool eyes evaluative, and Dean wonders suddenly if he was a defense attorney or prosecutor. "I had a--friend--at Chitaqua who kept me updated. I hadn't heard from them in a while, and I wasn't going back to find out what happened."
Cathy returns with what looks like everything surgical or sheet related in the closet, setting it safely away from the remaining blood, and Vera looks at Sudha.
.  He doubts that many non-practitioners have ever seen anything more than the weird-ass room with herbs and shit hanging on the walls and some ominous dishes and a few glasses containers of sketchy powders or leaves or bones or something.
"Cas was with Amanda a lot," Tony says wryly, crossing his arms.  "I've seen her on the training field, so she was a good baseline. Between them, they almost cleared Second and Main all on their own.  He decapitated two Croats that got too close by ripping off their heads, didn't even slow down on his way to the square."  Tony radiates cheerful satisfaction, which makes sense; this is Apocalypseworld, those were Croats, and people here are crazy.  "Manuel and Amanda had all the patrol leads and the trainees review the footage.  Might have pulled rank and sat in to watch."
In Corpus Christi, Texas, eleven months before she came to Chitaqua, one month before the first change in her income, two months before she applied for a mortgage, and three before she was approved and renewed her lease for six months instead of a year as she had every year before, Alicia turned in an online application for Medicaid, and after a telephone interview using her Texas cell phone and verification sent by fax, she was approved.
The brush behind her begins to shift, dappled light flashing on jeans and blurred ovals of faces vanishing too quickly to count or even tell apart, but every pair of eyes is the slicked in black.  He feels Cas still, Amanda's soft curse, something Joe says that may be Yiddish but he can guess the meaning without needing a translation, but even without them, he knows who they are.
"Whatever you do, you are and will always be Alison," he says.  "If you forget that, I'll be there to remind you until you remember it for yourself."
"Is it some kind of superpower, you can track down and nail every bi and lesbian woman in any given space?" he demands, reaching back for one of their remaining bottles and pouring himself and Amanda a drink.  "It's like--"
Dean jerks his head toward the chair in an invitation just short of an order.  Uncertain, Castiel gingerly seats himself, and as Dean fixes him with that relentless green gaze, he feels a flicker of unwilling sympathy for Sidney being the focus of that.
"I apologize," Cas says sincerely, because sure, he'll buy that when his shoulders are still shaking.  "Tell me what happened with the town council."
"If we could find out where they're doing the sacrifice…." Amanda trails off, closing her eyes.  "Crap, we can't."
"Okay, that part took a while," he admits, frowning at the reports before picking them up and looking around as if wondering where to put them, then gives up and puts them back down.  "I sanded it down.  Slap some paint up there, it'll be fine."
On the other side of the jeep, the sound of boots comes to an abrupt halt.  An ominous pause, filled with portents of things not yet decided, ends with the slow, methodical footsteps circling back to the front of the jeep and coming to a stop.
Also, someone is watching them, and doing a not entirely inadequate job at it.  That bears panic at a more convenient time.  "What makes you think he's not ready?"
"Looks like we're gonna find out," Dean answers grimly, concentrating far too intently on the most effective placement of the tape.  "You sure nothing's broken?"
Cas's fingers slide over the top of his belt, and he catches his breath, startled; even through his shirt, he thinks he can feel the brush of fingertips against his stomach.  Cas checks the buckle first, tugging lightly before going to his gun at his right hip, testing the holster and the draw, before circling around him, verifying personally and thoroughly that Dean indeed knows how to arm himself, ending with the knife at his left hip in a lingering slide the entire length of the sheathe.  Because he's being
"Shh."  Cas's tongue presses against the hard beat of his pulse for an endless moment before his teeth close over it with slowly increasing pressure, only drawing back to trace the outline with his tongue before sucking a slow, endless kiss into the throbbing skin and Dean's panting for it.
"Get some sleep.  Yell if you need anything. I'll be around."  He jerks a thumb over his shoulder before turning away too quickly for Castiel to read his expression.  "Night, Cas."
"Of course not," Erica breathes.  "Once you're mine, I can wait.  The length of your natural life, that's
"The obvious solution would have been for someone on one of the patrol teams to take command." Sidney or Kyle, he doesn't say, but she knows that as well as he does. "So why didn't they do so?"
In a world where you hunted Lucifer, and all the monsters in the closet, under the bed, and lingering behind you are really there and really fucking after you, Vera trained as a hunter but thinks knowing how people worked was the only way she'd survive.
The only response is a glare as Dean stalks the length of the living room before disappearing into the bedroom.  Closing the door carefully behind him, he turns back to Alicia, currently in danger of asphyxiation.
level.  That would be really fucking good, if anyone asks, and if they do, he'd have to wonder what the fuck is wrong with their eyes because come
."  Dean feels the open door at his back, but he doesn't know where Sam is and Castiel might do anything, anything at all, and he can't--why can't he think?  Is Castiel fucking with his head, too? "Worship, that what you want?  That what it takes?"
"Let's stick with the one I understand," Dean interrupts before Cas actually tells him all about them.  "So--going with that--why would Alison be affected by the remake and not the original?"
"Why'd you do that to your hand?" Dean asks, settling beside him again; a hunter even now, eliciting information from the most useless of witnesses at the most pointless of all times.  "Cas?"
Fortunately, part of tonight's dinner is still available; carne guisado (with a surprising and gratifying multitude of preserved peppers and onions swimming in the rich gravy), rice, and sliced
"Five whiskey, two premium and impossible to get anywhere vodka, three tequila, two of that moonshine that the guys from Bentley are dealing," Vera starts, setting her bag on the end of the table and opening it.  "Uh, three rum, five bottles of black currant wine that woman from Mount Hope makes, one strawberry, and--" she pauses, cocking her head at the three ceramic jugs and shrugging. "No idea, but Cas talked to the guy and did a taste test and said they were okay."
It's the wounds that finally heal, the scars you wear, the memories you won't give up, the dreams you won't lose, the promises you made, the proof that you didn't just survive, you lived.  It's the thousand people you were and are and might be and could become.  It's running full-speed straight to the edge because that's what you do when you see a cliff; you fucking
"Must have been a surprise," Dean agrees, sitting back.  "I mean, that flat tire Harlin's patrol had was non-existent, but right when we usually show up, you just happened to stop to be sure? In the
"He and Dean got along very well when he was assigned to stay with Dean when he was recovering from the fever," he agrees, skimming Melanie's report for anything on the watch, who are still supervised by whatever patrol team is available.  Alicia spoke highly of him, and Sarah found him reasonably competent, which for Sarah is an excess of emotion on par to enthusiastic praise.  "I assume the watch is performing adequately?"
, which I recommend highly.  If you like documentary-style fanfic that manages to be more horrifying than outright horror, it's a must-read.  Blanket statement: if you have triggers, they're probably in there.
"Then we try, try again."  He nods stiffly, and Dean nuzzles his neck, voice soft.  "Everything takes practice, and we're gonna get 'em all, so got all the material we need.  By the time we get to the big event, we'll have it down."
"Kind of."  David makes a complicated gesture. "Liz and Dan are trading watching Mel and Cyn, and it's hard to be inconspicuous with only two people."
"The Morningstar may call himself Master of the Shores," Licinia answers.  "That does not make it true.  His claim violates natural law; the Shores are not his."
"So why do they think I'm doing it now?"  Before Castiel can answer he has no idea, Dean rolls his eyes.  "Maybe because I got the idea from you?"
"He was working with her?"  Cas frowns, and Dean recognizes the same look on his face that as on Amanda's earlier.  "I'll give the order as soon as Dolores has checked all of you.  After she's done, Alison agreed that you could all be supervised at Headquarters instead of placed in isolation if there aren't any open wounds until I can verify that you're all clear of infection. Manuel volunteered one of his teams to watch us."
"There are oranges in Kansas?" he asks dubiously as Mark returns to the makeshift bar (hopefully to pour that upon unhallowed ground and cover with salt).
"What about at Alpha or the other camps?" she asks, scanning the area around them.  "First hunter boot camp full of traumatized people: that's what humans call party time."
"About sixty on their way west from the north gate," Brenda reports.  "They've formed three, maybe four hunting parties so far."
"Slaughtered in--" Dean's confusion dissipates, incredulity taking its place.  "Wait, Diana, temple, the Senate, slaughter--Rome?  Ancient Rome, Julius Caesar, all that, that's what you're talking about?"
Dean starts to say something before taking a visible breath and turning away to elicit James' assistance.  Leaning her chin on her knee, Alicia frowns at the fire for a moment before looking up at Castiel hopefully.  "Bad couple of weeks, needed not to think, terrible idea I know, it's over now, I can do the long version but it's the same just a lot more words. And sorry; I should have started with that, but apologies are stressful and I never remember the right order."
"It occurs to me...." He makes a face.  "Vera reminded me that if I wish to be present, it is incumbent on me to speak to Sudha at a time shes' not in active labor."
"I could repeat your entire soliloquy if you require verification."  Dean's never hated Cas's fucking memory more.   "I can't become more competent as an angel, and I would rather strap myself to the rack in Hell and disembowel myself for eternity than be a more acceptable member of the Host--"
"Stop it!" Joe demands, scandalized, and Dean distinctly hears Mel giggling in the front seat. "What is
It's almost gone, goddamn it. "Time."  A thousand miles to go before he sleeps.  It feels like forever.  "You need time."
"It's possible that was less a problem than an inducement," he admits, adding quickly, "Don't ask me how I know that, just take as a given that after thinking about it, my knowledge of at least two of the participants makes that less a surprise than…"
"It's irrelevant."  She stares at him blankly.  "I'm not worried you'll abruptly decide to use your abilities for personal gain and assemble a mind-controlled army to try and conquer the earth.  Though," he admits, considering it thoughtfully, "even then, you'd definitely be preferable to my Brother. So there's that."
"What are you doing?"  He doesn't recognize his own voice, but Cas's eyes widen, while James and Zack take a discreet step back. "Why…" He gestures to the wires in what he hopes is explanation, like
All at once, Cas relaxes, scowling at the tiny mirror, and Dean almost sighs in relief as his best friend reappears, vaguely rumpled, surly, and electric like a live current. It's weird; just a few muscles, the way he holds himself, but the difference is huge.
It's addressed to them all, and she has to admit a reluctant respect when their leader steps forward.
"I thought I might need fodder, and was I right about that."  Long fingers close vise-tight on his face, green eyes meeting his, and in an instant he experiences it all in an endless, euphoric rush, the expertise of the Pit's greatest torturer practicing his craft.  With a very volatiles subject at that.  "See?  Just like you were there. Better?"
"You got it," he says without irony (they don't notice), and grabs his cup, walking out the door and into--should have seen this coming--the goddamn giant white room.
"How she did it?  Why the hell do you want to know...."  She wets her lips, dropping her eyes, and yeah, he's an idiot.  "This is what you've been looking for."
"Doesn't mean you can't appreciate the view," Dean answers reasonably. "Vera's been under a lot of stress.  God knows, if anyone should get a little fun, it'd be her."
"That very last part I'm still working on," Alicia admits with a scowl, having apparently forgotten all about that burst of anger.  "This plan was human-approved; all they needed demonic assistance for was getting around the state and maybe help be convincing with special demon powers--can they do that?--but if the plan to get people here was demon approved, you'd think there'd be--I don't know, fine, but
Lit by the headlights from the jeep, Castiel circles the circumference of what was once a road, fighting down the instinctive recoil that's dogged him ever since he first saw it.
"That would be an understatement.  They saw me as both a threat and a dangerous influence on Dean.  They resented me openly, but at the time, I didn't particularly care."
"It does, doesn't it?" she agrees, mouth quirking, and he remembers, right, her active interest in someone not her acolyte is also pretty new.  "When Tony found out what I am--that was back when he was our very cranky surprise mayor--he would ask after her, how she was doing, if there was anything she needed Ichabod could help with.  And you know Tony--he was being polite, yeah, but he also genuinely meant it.  That surprised her--which was nice, not being the only one feeling that all the time--and since then, he always has her attention.  He talks to her when he has shifts in the fields, too--says it's only polite--and while she doesn’t always understand him, she really enjoys it.  If he asks her anything, she always tries to get him an answer, including getting clarification if she doesn't understand the question."  Her mouth curves into a maliciously pleased smile. "And when his ass needs to get back inside, drink some water, and rest, she informs me. We take turns, but Alison has the best luck.  She
Standing up, he takes a few wary steps up the aisle, lined with clean, threadbare red carpet, and tries to work out where it's coming from; it's supposed to be here, that much he's sure of, but it would really help to know what the hell that is and hey, why he's looking for it.
that one person will be enough: not even a sex or gender delimiter, for fuck's sake. Not to mention how many ways the geas can interpret 'until they no longer can'.  Cue our original victim dancing in the streets, other people showing up looking upset, and someone--poor fucker--feeling bad for our dancer, our caster is offended, the geas activates, and dancing for two.  Our caster accidentally thinks how she always hated the poor fucker's rock throwing kids and slatternly or rakish spouse--they show up, physical contact or even proximity depending on the strength of the geas lets it pass, it activates in them, and family's dancing their lives away."
"Be more specific," Vera says, reaching for her notes automatically as well as a pen.  "How does it work?"
Pulling it out carefully, he squints at the shitty Xerox quality, shaking it out of folds done so many times they're worn into the paper, and spreads it out on the wheel before turning the flashlight on it.  The quality is just as crappy as he thought, but the dark shapes are familiar enough that he doesn't need much.
Those three inches vanish when Dean straddles his lap, feeling Cas's hands settle on his hips automatically, blue eyes startled as he knots a hand in Cas's hair and kisses the curve of his lower lip as the faint stiffness drains away.  The soft mouth opens beneath his, and Dean shoves everything else away, greedy:
"Which leaves many unanswered questions still, but the most important is why Crowley would want that barrier back up," Cas says, frowning.  "He may not want Lucifer to win, but what use would it be now to him?  As far as he knows, Lucifer won."
?"  Wow, they could use a couple of those about now.  "Any chance you can....no, of course not," he adds in disgust when she shakes her head. "That would be easy."
There's more, of course; Amanda's report was startling not in content, but in how little he seemed to already know as he read it, more pieces appearing as from the ether and clicking into place with every word.  The novice was near-catatonic and either unable or unwilling to tell them what happened or even her own name before she recovered enough to regain mobility and vanished from the infirmary one night despite the watchers who swore they'd been awake the entire night and never saw her leave until dawn broke to illuminate her empty bed.  Alison wasn't able to describe her knife very thoroughly, as the novice refused to release it, but he didn't need it to know every detail of what she carried or why she wouldn't let it be taken from her hands, and he can easily guess why she was able to evade her watchers so easily.  The problem is that particular knife shouldn't exist on this plane, not anymore.
As soon as he's steady, he jerks his head toward the wall where Andy sat all that time alone, knowing Manuel's team's watching them.  Leaning back against it, he takes a deep breath; it happened right at the alcove door, right before they were safe.  Seconds: it was fucking
"He won," Dean admits during the pause Cas gives him to do just that and hopes no one asks for details. "The whole siege thing, technically.  Killed lots of demons, it was pretty epic."
"Depending on the intimacy or rank of the guest, it might simply be ceremonial and she would supervise those servants or slaves assigned to the task."  Achingly slow, the sock slides down Dean's leg, trailed by Cas's fingers, and he catches his breath when they skim over the bare skin of his Achilles tendon.  Almost absently, Cas's other hand cups his heel, thumb braced just above the edge of the sock as it continues its endless journey off his foot.  "If he was of high rank, however, she--or in some cases her eldest unmarried daughter--would perform the duty herself."  Holding the empty sock, Cas looks at Dean, all blue eyed innocence.  "Personally."
Picking them back up, he dumps them in a rickety chair before dropping into the other one with a sigh, staring up at the exposed beams of the ceiling, aware of a sense of growing panic.  The truth is, there's nothing in the books that he didn't already know.  One thing holds true for any version of Castiel, angel, proto-god, or junkie; they might lie for a lot of reasons, but at least in their own minds, it was never to cause him actual, physical harm.  Whatever Castiel is here, this much he's pretty sure of; he doesn't want him to die, and if there was a way to get him back, he would have found a way to do it.  If for no other reason than the fact he seems to resent his existence, which Dean will admit, in retrospect, he's given him pretty good reason to do.
Without prompting, Dean turns into his arms, burying his face against the warm cotton of his t-shirt with a sigh.  Stroking back the sweaty hair, he closes his eyes, sliding his fingers up and down his spine.
"One's a new guy," she answers softly, observing the street beginning to fill with chill anticipation as her rifle falls into her hand.  "None are patrol."
"Yes, sir," he says, holstering his gun before going to Valli, who gives him a calmly professional smile as Alicia talks quietly to Drew, only looking up when the hand unit comes to life in Lois's hand and she places the earbud back in her ear.
"Right. And you were probably to do the witness thing," Dean says.  "But why the rest of them--okay, scratch that, maybe Sudha needed them.  So that leaves me.  Why wasn't I suspended or whatever?"
Somehow, he's getting this: pride.  "So he kills you and sends you to Hell now after you refuse a deal--"
"Your identity is inarguable; you are, actually, Dean Winchester.  Who you are now will be far more powerful than memories over two years old.  I can give you the chronology of events and acquaint you with the identities and histories of key individuals, but they won't expect you to remember every detail from when you were there before, since they won't remember either."
Tightening his hold, he turns his face into her hair; yeah, that would be it. "He's fine," he tells her roughly.  "Promise."
"He wouldn't need to know anything but where to pick up a message," Dean answers, meeting his eyes.  "You don't need Crossroads to be summoned, that's just the easiest.  Did Crowley mention him?"
"There's that, yeah." Dean makes himself think logically and remember the daycare is, as yet, not on fire.  "Okay, check the our log and Ichabod's, confirm the numbers with patrol if you can find 'em, see what you can get from Anyi, and oh, find Amanda.  She was checking the logs every hour, she can tell us….crap, she's off-duty.  Where the fuck did she say she was going to be tonight?  Dina's, right?"
Dean stops short, turning on his heel to inflict on Castiel his full and undivided attention.  Dean's attention is a world of its own; it has weight, substance, and can crush you entirely beneath it without apology.
Crowley's smile changes, curving into something more genuine as he relaxes into his chair.  "You're worried about me?  Really?"
"Kind of nice," she says with obvious reluctance, eyes narrowing on him in--that would be disappointment, yes, he's very familiar with it.  "Finally, one mind not shouting at me all the time--other than Dean's, I mean, which I appreciate--and then--"
"Exactly."   Amanda pauses for a drink of coffee.  "One bad habit I don't have to worry about is training them to work together; you already do that.  Let's say hunters generally don't, and a lot of training is teaching them not only to do it, but it's okay not to single-handedly take on everything you see.  Besides," she adds cheerfully, "just because killing them in single combat is off the table doesn't mean you can't hurt 'em, though, so kicking ass is also on the agenda.  Distract the enemy with violence and everything while your team's working on options, and it's a fun way to pass the time while you're waiting."
"I wasn't at my best," she whispers, an echo of grief in her voice, and he thinks of Grant in the mortuary; by then, she may have even seen what was left of his body.  "I called for help, Teresa brought a team up, it was a mess.  I locked down that part of the wing, went down to the drug closet and got everything myself."  She looks up.  "And then Alicia appeared, like magic.  Karl said I was sitting there about an hour, that was--I didn't realize it had been that long.  She asked what we needed, and I--I told her."  She wets her lips.  "She asked what we were using, how much, checked the bottles, asked me where she could suit up, and said she'd check in when she was done.  About an hour later, she was in my office, filling in time of death."
The ground floor of Volunteer Services is basically one giant room and two smaller ones in the back, which Tony said was because in a former life it was a super trendy gallery, which Dean was unaware was a thing in small towns in Kansas but okay.  There's still some weird echoes of it, too; the remaining scraps of paint are all superwhite, which may not mean anything but he didn't think colors came in a white that's almost painful to look at.
you he doesn't know shit.  Though the last part he only does when he really wants to fuck with your head."
"They killed him for it, like his brother before him," she whispers.  "Hunted him like a dog for what he was.  How could something so bright end as easily as gutting a candle?  Tell me how I was supposed to believe in anything after that?  Crawling on the surface of the world like maggots, petty, brutish, small, worthless…what value could there be in them when they took so much from me?  How could I stand to be one of them?"
"I had to be tied to my bed when I broke my foot," Cas says over his shoulder, which brings up some very interesting thoughts on Vera's method and upgrading 'potential seduction' to 'moderate to high'.  "Convalescence is very boring, as you know.  There is only so much to read."
It would really help, he reflects fatalistically, if he could actually care and not just assume that he probably should.
"Not the kind of thing you bring up over a couple of beers, yeah," Dean agrees with a grimace before setting down his cup.  "If I'd thought about it, I would have guessed he'd ask you to help, and there was no reason for you not to."
"No one dies from it.  Most people never even know they're infected, it's that minor.  It was too different for your body to recognize immediately, because this world was too different, which being you, required a dramatic response." Dean's swollen, red-rimmed eyes try to narrow, which makes him look extremely funny.  "Not too much for you to adapt of course, but enough so that it took time for you to do it.  Human bodies do this, given sufficient time.  They're made to do it.  You're made to do that, to adapt.  It's your--purpose, if you had one other than to exist, multiply, and be fruitful."
Fear and obedience are useful, but they're just tools, and like any tool, given time, given pressure, they can break.  He's the one hundred and fifth undisputed ruler of the Pit, taking the Throne by both right of succession and right of conquest, and his rule isn't just among the longest in memory; he's also the first Master since the First whose rule has never been formally challenged from without or, most importantly, from within.  His lieutenants can't be suborned (except the ones he wants to be), his officers can't be bought (not after being broken and reformed by him and Cas), his armies are entirely beneath his (read Cas's) hand, and even the smallest incursions at his borders are paid for tenfold. He barely has to do a thing, to be honest; this is the Pit of Hell, and it and those within have knelt to him the way they've knelt for no one and nothing else since the first Master Ascended its throne.
?"  He stares at the ruins of fields west of Ichabod covered in cars like snow, and realizes something else. "Disney World--huge parking lot, yeah, I remember seeing it when we caught Mickey making for Epcot--don't they have
"Yeah, I figured," she interrupts soothingly, and reaching across the table, she takes his hand, work-callused fingers tight around his.  "You didn't know?"
"They were a pack," he says experimentally, and Jane and Lee nod, like this should be obvious: okay then.  "They wouldn't eat one of their own."
"I want to watch," she says without thinking.  The stillness eases, and Alistair looks at her curiously.  "Master, I--the information I brought you stopped this."
of movies," Alicia volunteers from the bedroom door, almost bouncing.  "And God help us if we couldn't find at least a few of them.  Which perish the thought: we found
Dean watches Cornelia start toward the grove then the scene abruptly vanishes just as she passes the first tree. It's not that he wanted to watch Cornelia go look at where her son died, but.... "Did you do that?"
"You'll be there," Dean says automatically, echoing another conversation they never got to finish, when he didn't know what to say so he didn't say anything, instead leaving it for a morning that never came and maybe never will.   This time, he still might not know what to say, but pretty much anything is better than nothing at all.  "Cas, wait."
"Got it.  Take my jeep, you got a longer way to go.  I think there's a truck on Sycamore I can hotwire."
Dean starts to nod then sighs. "I get--none of that, but you'd know, so I'll go with it." He does something with his hands that after a moment, Castiel realizes is supposed to convey calm. "It's a risk, a big one--"
"So it's said."  He considers his answer.  "I've wondered if it's more that power gives the corrupt the ability to exercise their nature upon more people."
When he reaches the crossroad, Dean crouches to study the asphalt for an inordinate amount of time before he stands up again and rubs his palm over his thigh, shifting the rifle back to his shoulder when it starts to slide down.
"It'll be fine," he assures him, allowing himself one last touch.  "There's nowhere they can take you that I won't find you.  I'll be right there, just gotta deal with this first.  And then--" He laughs softly, pushing himself to his feet: no one's ever done what he's gonna do.  "I'll teach you everything, you'll love it, promise.  First, though--gotta get you ready so you can learn how.  He forgot that part; I won't."
Darting forward and switching to the rifle, he tunes out the fighting at the ward line as Alicia's team and Amanda join in, the screams of the dying volunteers as they're ripping apart as casually as a toy by a careless kid punctuated by gunshots, Amanda's voice calling commands to Alicia and her team, and concentrates on the ones crossing the ward line toward Ichabod's walls.  The only thing he cares about is the Croats in front of him and the gate behind him, listening for the sound of it closing, and that's not yet.
"The hospital.  Weird, right?  I could hear my footsteps all the way up the steps and down the hall, like there was an echo or something. It was like being in a horror movie, you know, the dumb person who has to go see what's behind that door?  I was that dumb person, but me, one, I knew what was behind the door, and two, I went prepared.  I got into the drug cabinet--someone didn't pay attention about closing those before abandoning their patients--and got everything that looked murdery.  Croat's hard to kill after it manifests, am I right?"
"That's exactly what it was in retrospect.  As you're aware, there's not much to do in Chitaqua, and since everyone had to keep in training anyway, the evening sessions at least offered variety.  Which is why--I think--that not just the second class attended them.  Amanda learned how to teach people who already knew the curriculum but would like the refresher, and I taught other things that weren't covered in class or not covered so thoroughly."
"I'd go with weird-ass ocean myself," Dean offers, wondering why Cas looks startled.  "She said she slid by me to you, the cold box, and that's why she couldn't read me."
"I'm only agreeing to this," Crowley tells him, sinking into the plush comfort of an elegant mahogany chair on the other side of an unusually large fireplace, "because while your bloody Brother put whatever passes for your soul off limits, he can't do anything about lesser trades, and I'm very curious what you think you have to offer."
Rinsing off, Castiel considers how to broach this particular subject and decides simply to say it.  "While we were out of time, she spoke to me." In the interests of honesty, he adds, "She also said she owed me a debt as well as Ichabod, but--"
Chuck flinches, looking away.  "Yeah."  Sinking lower in the chair, he clutches the cup to his chest.  "Dean, something else--"
"Yeah, that makes sense," she agrees with the calm of someone who's learned to just go with it.  "You know Tony already had to argue how a drawbridge would be pointless because we don't have a moat?  Ask me what Derek wanted next?"
Dean winces at the sound of something dropping before she appears from the closest door, looking startled.  "Dean?  What are you doing up this early?"
"So kill me, get with the program, or get the fuck out of my way," he tells her.  "I got a war to fight, a world to save, and an ex-angel to teach about chocolate and how life can be fun because he got the shit deal when it comes to mortality.  You became a god because you couldn't hack being human when you were born to it; he didn't even get to do that, and he's still trying.  What the
"No idea."  At the sound of someone calling her name, she grimaces.  "My shift ends in an hour.  I can bring lunch to Chitaqua Headquarters, maybe help you out?  Be right back," she says at a second, more annoyed call.  "I'll explain my reasons, and they're very persuasive."
In the silence that follows, Dean can't hear anything but his own panting, arm shaking as it tries to hold him up.  He feels it start to give out--he's going to fall on his face in front of Castiel, he thinks blurrily--but his face never hits wood, worn denim suddenly appearing beneath his cheek.  A warm hand is pressed against his forehead, making him shake even more; he knows it's Castiel's, but it feels so good that he just doesn't care.
Amanda never did this before: waited helplessly within the quarantine line with the people she was given to protect and saw both the bodies of those who already died and the ones for whom death was merely delayed.  She never stood over the bodies of her own students or sat with last one for the endless, too-short hours that remained of their lives.  In Chitaqua, mercy was performed by team leaders or Dean himself and she only stood witness; she was never the one who must be merciful, to take their lives while they were still their own, before Croatoan could take it from them.
He actually still doesn't remember much about what happened at the daycare between reaching the stairs and Cas appearing in the courtyard; the difference is, now he's very aware of that missing time and while he can't say he's curious or really wants to know, it's pretty inevitable that's going to happen and soon.
Dean raises his eyebrows, spreading his hand out to the right of Cas's spine and finding all four.  Sliding a thumb along the outermost, he feels the thick scar tissue beneath the deceptively thin, raised lines.  "Eighteen, twenty months?"
problems," Dean counters.  "Mira's fighting with James, Brenda and Zoe take her side, Joe stupidly--so fucking stupidly--tries to talk to her and suddenly, half the camp's in on it and the mess is inedible because Brenda forgets to add salt to anything.  Then Cas announces a low-sodium diet promotes good health because he does shit like that just to see what happens, and I got Phil writing poetry about the moon's fucking wisdom and kindness without the glare of the capricious fucking sun obscuring his glow--"
Manuel's expression crumples as Mercedes reaches him, and yeah, time to go.  "Manuel," he mouths, grabbing his coat from the back of the chair and gesturing to the door, hoping that's enough.  Going outside, he shuts the door firmly behind him, feeling the hit of cold to his toes, and suddenly wants to see Cas more than he's ever wanted anything in his life.
"Got that right." His entire right hand feels like it's one giant, massive cramp; even trying to move his fingers hurts.
"I recommend it," she says, then hisses, and Dean follows her gaze back to Sappho and stills; as Sappho half-turns to get the oil, they can see the barely visible silver lines that cover almost her entire back.  Sempronia closes her mouth, but she stands very still as Sappho gently pours the olive oil in her hands before stepping behind her and starting with Sempronia's shoulders.
"You really shouldn't be up," she says clearly, and Dean has no time to even shout a warning before one massive fist shoots out.  It would have been pointless even if he had; Alicia is crouching on the floor, unruffled as she takes a moment to decide on her target before shoving the needle directly into his thigh.  "Anyone bigger than me want to help catch him?" she calls out, dodging one half-hearted kick as his eyes roll back in his head and catching him under the arms with a grunt.  Over the guy's head, she sees Dean and grins. "Hey, Dean.  What's up?"
Making his way back to the front, he drops heavily in the driver's seat, reaching to unfold the worn paper taped left of the dashboard to reveal the familiar grey-black landscape and those same goddamn lines following those four roads; shitty copies of those maps Cas had carefully drawn for Amanda and the mayors when they'd first come here.  Pulling it free, he stuffs it in his pocket and wipes the toner residue from his fingers onto his jeans and tries to focus on now.
"You're doing it again."  Startled, he looks at Dean, who drops on the arm of the couch and glances at the safe.  "Armory, right?"
"I'm flattered, of course.  If you find them, do tell me where they were. I've wondered about that myself."
"No, not in the sense we were involved when she was in training," Cas answers in surprise, the cool look cracking.  "For one, she was grieving for her lover, and two, at the time, I was her instructor and sex would have been inappropriate."  Dean doesn't smile at that, but under any other circumstances, he'd really want to; somehow, it's not a surprise this would be where Cas would draw a line.  "She believed in what Dean was doing here, and there were other reasons she preferred to stay rather than try to find somewhere else to go. Most people come here for a very good reason, Dean; they want to fight.  She wasn't any different in that."
?" Flushing, Alison turns on Alicia.  "Those fuckers sold out this entire town and were gathering up our kids to watch them be killed in front of them!  They
.  It's not like he didn't believe it in theory, but that assumes Cas would want to survive having to doing it, or even be able to.  When he was an angel, maybe it wouldn't have mattered or even been applicable, he could do it and never count the cost, but now….
, and let's not forget, the summary judgment of a former angel rather than simply admit you can't control your abilities yet and they were giving you problems.  Congratulations: I'm not certain even Lucifer could match such a display of pride, and that is not a standard anyone should wish to reach, much less surpass."
"He's exactly that stupid.  Do me a favor and run intervention, or at least hide his body before our leaders see it."
"The light comes only from the northwest window," Castiel answers without thinking.  "It's carved directly into the wood.  You can't see it, no one can, unless they know exactly what to look for and where."
"That would be the reason," he explains.  "Why I seduced him, I mean. Or he seduced me.  Though I suppose it could be considered a mutual endeavor."
Sipping the coffee from a surprisingly large mug, Castiel reflects wistfully on peanut butter cups and Kona coffee; it's a terrible idea to develop a taste for things there's little possibility he'll be able to acquire again.
(In which case, Dean's morbid ponderings on humanity regressing to the Bronze Age would become something on the order of best case scenario.  Which he doesn't think Dean would benefit from hearing and just as importantly, Castiel having to listen to Dean speculate gloomily on if they'll all be mutants with a non-standard number of fingers. The sheepapodes were traumatizing enough and Alison was wondering just yesterday if they mated in groups or not.  (They decided their sheer horror meant the answer was yes, of course.))
"Here," Dean says as a towel drops onto his head.  Scrubbing his hair relatively dry, he automatically folds the towel and sets it aside, staring in dissatisfaction at the strands obscuring his vision before shoving them back, tucking them behind his ears.  Not for the first time, he wonders what happened to the scissors; he's almost certain at one time they were in the small bathroom cabinet.  Glancing at Dean on the couch beside him, he gets a glimpse of something he can't quite define on his face before he smirks, holding out two pills and a glass.  "Take 'em."
--as each human soul is pulled free, reapers gathering them tenderly from their suffering and taking them away.  Then something like a pause, followed by something not unlike the slice of a blade across time and space that parts spacetime from itself.  As easily as a rug, time and the world itself are rolled backward, a world unconquered, land unpoisoned, an army unmarched: bodies are resurrected in the blink of an eye, lives lived in reverse before they're within their mother's wombs again, over and over before abruptly coming to a sudden stop; it takes a second for Dean to pick up what's so special about that point in time.  "How long?"
"Infinite," Cas says suddenly, and a cold hand slides around the back of his neck, glaring at him for a moment, which would be much more effective if there weren't tiny snowflakes caught in his lashes.  And not smiling: that would also help.  "The number of ways you're frustrating.  I wondered about that."
him debating when to drop to his knees and grovel in a thousand separate, obnoxiously submissive positions; he's probably making a priority list.  "I would beg to be permitted to offer my atonement for denying your will--"
"Holy shit."  Starting ten feet from them and stretching into the darkness just south of Ichabod is what looks like every car in the world crushed together in an endless black and grey mass that seems like it goes on forever.  Could be because it's night and human vision sucks.  "So how far--"
"The entire city was fucking creepy," Dean snaps, but the green eyes don't quite meet his.  "Saying 'the asphalt is creeping me out' was pretty much status quo.  Also, crazy."
"I don't want to make people nervous," Alicia answers. "At least, more than they are.  Nervous people become anxious and irritable, anxiety leads to paranoia, and paranoia under the right conditions lead to shoot-outs in the mess, YMCA, and library."
Castiel finishes unpacking for her just as one of the infirmary volunteers arrives with Rabin at her heels, and he excuses himself and goes to look at the other rooms and finding them only different in furniture and lack of current occupants.
"Come here," she says, kneeling by the table.  "Younger sisters," she explains as she removes a pair of scissors and glue from her coat pocket before taking it off and tossing it to the side. "You learn to get creative with art projects."
"Yes, he was an idiot," Cornelia agrees.  "After Emet joined my household, however--I saw my daughter, the girl I raised, once again.  You took up your studies, you became the mother little Sempronia lost, and you're a far better chatelaine of a household than I ever was.  Claudia recovered from Licinia's death under his care as well, and I thought--" Her voice breaks.  "I thought this time, he could do it again, if he just had time."
"When you told me that you'd spoken to Amanda, the only actual question you asked me was if I thought that it wouldn't come up in conversation, not that--"
"Like, big numbers, millions right?" Chuck nearly walks into the jeep trying to look like he's not about to start crying.  "Millions of demons."
"Atta boy," Dean says, pulling him to his feet, but instead of letting go, the long fingers lace through his with a quick, warm squeeze before tugging him inexorably toward the door, flipping out the light with his free hand on the way out.
Abruptly, the center of the bed dips, and Dean feels something solid and very warm pressed against his right side.  Frowning, he tips his head sideways and blinks at the sight of Cas looking down at him from black-ringed, bloodshot eyes.  Opening his mouth, he starts to ask him what the hell is going on--not to mention what the fuck Cas has been fighting and hope it looks worse than he does--but before he can get his tongue to work, Cas uses his speed to cheat and has a hand over his mouth
"Depends on the messenger's good intentions."  Every person who came running to tell him Cas was fucking around is there, too.  He might have been easier on them if they'd done it for him, and they had, give them that much; that they'd also done it to get rid of Cas and into Dean's bed, not okay.  "And not forever: I'd take you down when I needed you.  But not a second before then."  He grins at her.  "Pay or play, sweetheart."
"--but mine doesn't look at me like I committed a federal crime trapping Cas in sober monogamous bliss against his will!" Dean snaps.  "Add in Phil, who I swear to God would poke holes in the condom if he got Cas into bed to get Cas to marry him so he won't be a single parent.  Phil is like this, no lie.  Vera was with me on this one: this shit's gotta be shut down now."
"This might be," Cas says, looking eerily thoughtful.  "Lucifer only reigns in Hell; he doesn't rule it."
"It is," he confirms as Dean reverently lifts out one of the six bottles of whiskey he'd acquired.  "However, I wish I hadn't asked what he used to make it."
"Jeffrey isn't the brightest specimen," Cas admits, then looking more cheerful, adds, "However, the next demon we encounter, we'll test it before I kill it so it can't report back."
"We haven't tested anything beyond sight and sound," Castiel continues, suddenly remembering Dean's question about how it might feel to be touched by someone using the sigils.  "And for the most part, taste and smell are irrelevant, though we may now heartily regret the water restriction."
It's almost embarrassing that Chuck has to help him with them, but by the time he stands up, testing his ankle, he thinks he should be okay.  Breathing the activation, he glances at Chuck to indicate it's time to go, but Chuck's staring at his arm again.
"Dean." Chuck blinks at him and going right for the chair by the window to pull it into position, sweet spot hit on the first try.  Sitting down warily, he tries a smile.  "So, you ready to--"
Dean wants to ask how they were really, if they were still friends, if they were anything but reluctantly bound by what Cas did for him and with him.  It's tempting, with Cas sitting here like this in the quiet darkness, like he can ask and maybe he'll even get an answer.
"I know," he says finally; when in doubt, he's found being literal is a perfectly valid method of defense until he understands what they're actually discussing.
"I'm fine," he says a little desperately, meeting Dean's eyes (not foam at all: unset jade still untapped in the deepest of the earth, late summer leaves last seen in Eden itself).  People sleep in beds together all the time, and sometimes they don't even have sex.  This will be one of those times, but biology seems to be brutally unaware of that fact at the moment, and-- "Incipient insanity, you needn't be concerned.  I think."
"The ovens that still work only have two temperatures: burned and undercooked," Cas says venomously. "The blackened object they call a range---I asked twice to make sure there was no miscommunication but sadly, that was indeed its actual function--was unable to maintain an even surface temperature for over five minutes in four separate tests I conducted personally, the utensils and cookware are warped to the point of being unrecognizable, and the dishes and flatware…" He trails off, looking haunted by horrors untold. "When I sent a team to acquire the correct kitchen supplies for us when I started cooking for you, it didn't occur to me--how, I'm not sure--that someone wouldn't have the good sense to acquire some for the mess as well."
"I will," he promises, watching Dean start toward the west--and the gate--before making his way to the infirmary, watchful for civilians.
"Church set a precedent, I guess," she responds, playing nervously with her cup.  "We'd hear things, go check it out, see if there was anything we could do.  Usually that was just burning the bodies, but sometimes, there'd be survivors.  We'd bring 'em here; not like we didn't have room."
"Yes, I am.  Especially if your grilled cheese has to be in cut into triangles and without crust.  I think I'm owed this."
"But--just hear me out--why not now, try it out, just to see what happens?" Dean asks in a rush, leaning forward.  "I'll be in Ichabod for a few days, you'll be here, and hey, you have some free time, so maybe listen to some reports, make sure James isn't the new Sid and kills his team on a bridge, anything comes up, you handle it. You know, exactly what you've been doing before and what you were going to do anyway while I was gone, same old same old, no surprises here."
"Terrible. He tripped over his own feet, and sometimes, he wasn't actually moving when it happened.  However, the earnest desire to learn--and Amanda's midnight tutorials--assured that he could see his own progress and kept him motivated to continue.  She still works with him and Vera regularly, as well as the others here, and when I told Dean to put her in charge of evaluations, she could make it an order if they refused regular practice."  He realizes abruptly that he's rambling; it's only when Dean takes the cup away that he realizes his hands are shaking too badly to get to his mouth, skin sticky.  "I don't…."
Glancing back curiously, he notes Alicia's determined attention to Walter's surprisingly lengthy monologue before turning his attention to Walter himself.  While like most of the residents of Ichabod he's very thin for his height and body type, he seems to satisfy most human aesthetics of attractiveness; the close-cropped, curly black hair surrounds a dark brown face with wide, sharply intelligent brown eyes and a full mouth that seems inclined to smile easily, implying a pleasant personality and adequate sense of humor (having met him, Castiel knows both qualities he has in excess).  While lust is biological (and Walter in no way lacks anything that might not incite such), attraction is far more capricious, and the standard changes rapidly, often based on nothing more than availability and proximity.
"And Cas said," Andy says, grinning hard enough to hurt, "that everyone who volunteered should stay for a few minutes, and right then, Joe shows up and says he found more lawnmowers in Kansas City and they were ready to go."
"A human reason, then," the goddess says, tilting her head curiously.  "When the world was young, before you were so much as a thought, we danced upon the earth and a mortal man saw us; he pleased us.  We laid with him by the
"Circulating and chatting up the masses. They'll be by after dinner," Joseph answers breathlessly, draining his cup in a single swallow.  "Needed that," he says in relief.  "My back…."
She waves a hand.  "That explains how it got around so fast here but didn't get to the YMCA--Lewis already slammed through his staff, couldn’t find anything." She bites her lip.  "Dean, look, if there'd been anyone else that day, I wouldn't have let one of yours--"
"Certain I don't have random time-traveling amnesia you never mentioned as a side-effect because it's not a side effect and you're making shit up."  Possibly, Dean thinks incredulously, to make him feel better.  "You think it was deliberate?  Like Gabriel did--"
"Relax," Cas tells him irritably, tugging Dean's right foot into his lap and with it two-thirds of Dean's ability to deal with this rationally.  "I'll take care of it."
"Yeah, he probably counted on that," Dean answers, something unrecognizable edging his voice before it vanishes.  "Compulsion--if it's something a demon knows, I got it in my head somewhere.  I don't remember much of what happened at the crossroad except what I told you, but if it was enough time--"
As soon as Cas is gone, Dean considers getting dressed (not feeling it), but takes the time to grab a gun and a holster, strapping them on before he picks up the tray from last night.  Going to the bedroom door, he elbows it open and goes out and into a really goddamn white room. Again
"There's always a choice," he interrupts.  "Mine's called 'Sam and a fuckload of books'."  Among other options if it comes down to it, but if Cas didn't think of it, there's no reason to tell him.
The pup begins to wiggle, jumping from her arms when she's almost close enough. Almost: Dean catches it before it hits the ground, holding it up to get a good look.  "Look at you," he croons, keeping half his attention on the increasingly distressed looking idiots. Barking happily, it licks as soon as its in range.  "My bad, I haven't visited, sorry."  Too long, come to think: the last he saw it, it was just a newborn bag of bones and patches of fur barely holding together, because Lilith's work ethic was (according to Cas) really lacking when it came to sufficient gestation.
"I have an idea regarding what to do about those coming in," Cas says, looking at Dean uncertainly, who nods encouragement because this actually is a good idea.  Reaching for another map, he pushes the others to the side and sets it in the middle of the table.  "I think this might, with some alterations, help."
Alicia nods shortly to them both, going out the door without another word.  As soon as the door is closed, Dean looks at him, and belatedly, Castiel realizes they're alone.  Again.
Dean watches her leave, listening to the angry sound of beads and Vera's voice, followed by Amanda sounding soothing as they fade into the distance.
Sitting up, he reaches for Dean's left hand and slowly licks the palm wet.  "I want to watch you touch yourself," he says, wrapping Dean's hand around the base of his cock and squeezing. "Now."
"Got it," Karl says, eyes flickering to Gary and grimacing at her quick headshake.  "Sree, take Alicia's place.  Lois, Valli, help me get him stable then go after them.  Mark, buddy, don't move; you're not helping."
"No," he answers numbly, eyes fixed on the dashboard, marking out the spots where Sheila and Frederick have failed to perform adequate maintenance.  "I didn't." At this moment, he has no idea why.  From the corner of his eye, he sees Dean slump into the door, green eyes unreadable. "Dean, I--"
It's not until he's finished the entire bowl--Dean makes a production of checking--and both pieces of toast that the tray is taken away, and he seems to decide that conversation is in order.
The sound of a couple of engines gets everyone's attention, and Dean turns to watch the crowd part as two vans come to a stop and cut the engines.  Craning his neck, he watches as several figures emerge from the cabs, dressed in protective gear over their coats and wearing thick rubber gloves as they circle around to open the back doors of each van.
"You also proved you've mastered the first principles of oratory," Cornelia continues.  "Acquire your audience's attention and hold it at your pleasure.  Now the real work begins: how to use it to forward your purposes, whatever those might be."
"Technically, it's not a lie," Cas admits, and yeah, he figured.  "The earth's binding with you wasn't broken, merely rendered inactive, and while her claim predates my own, mine takes precedence as is my right.  I assure you, she cannot read your mind any more than she can read mine." Dean's preparing anther question when Cas asks,  "Is there something else you want to talk about or do you wish to avoid it altogether by asking for a technical explanation?  You’ve never cared before, but if you truly desire it, I'm willing to indulge your curiosity.  I must warn you, however, that I'll need to acquire several reference texts for you--or reproduce them from memory, as I'm not sure they still exist---and also teach you the languages needed to read them.  Two have never been successfully taught to a human, but there's no reason not to try.  I'll need to assure Vera has an adequate grasp of neurology should surgical intervention be necessary while studying the intermediate grammatical rules governing the use of irregular verbs, especially those referring to events occurring partially out of time or involve spacetime in flux, but--"
"We should be getting back."  Sliding off the jeep, Dean hesitates and looks up at him, expression abruptly serious.  "You get just because I get pissed doesn't mean anything. I fought with Sam all the time, and we didn't kill each other in our sleep.  Attempted, maybe, but everyone survived, so doesn't count."
"Yes."  Cas sits back on his heels, the picture of obedience in repose.  "What are your orders, Dean?"
"That's what they're thinking, yeah.  And that's not past tense; anyone found in the buffer zone is shot on sight." Joe sighs.  "For better or worse, we're a militia, and we don't need uniforms for people to know on sight what we are.  Dean, this isn't the refugees fault; if anything, it shows their survival skills are in working order.  They're trapped here, so damn straight they're not going to dismiss anything until they're sure.  The problem is, this one doesn't just sound reasonable; it's hit critical.  Enough people have said it--and enough people believe it--that it's as good as true.  Add in the Alicia thing--and that one's still confined to Ichabod's own mess, but not for long--and of course they're going to believe it."
"I need a ride to the training field.  Amanda and Mark are teaching everyone how to not shoot themselves with a semi-automatic, if the schedule she gave me is any indication.  We said you could use that land because it was far enough away to risk having firearms easily available without worrying about tiny hands getting hold of them," she says as they emerge from the town center and into the street.  "I can work out living accommodations for the team you're assigning here tonight, so right now, we'll start with what else you need other than the trailer Amanda's using as an arsenal."
"I'm not." Dean glances up, a flicker of something he can't read passing across his face before he looks away again.  "I've been thinking--"
"The praise of my master," he answers mockingly, "is sweeter to me than wine." He tilts his head, marking the shuddering heart impaled on a spike through the sternum.  "Variation of the blood eagle, a mythological form of execution that appears in Norse poetry during the tenth and eleventh century. The body would be opened from the back--I assume for plausibility, which isn't generally a feature of epic poetry in any form, but who am I to judge fictional forms of execution?--to avoid snapping the ribs entirely before removing the lungs."  He still hasn't decided what to do with the extraneous organs, neatly piled on the others side of the body and gleaming wetly as the ooze blood and bile onto the table's otherwise immaculately clean surface.
"What had age to do with it?" Cornelia asks, exchanging an amused look with Publius.  "His family, education, temperament, and ethics suited me in all ways, and his mind--only our sons could surpass him.  If we must be vulgar, then yes, I found him very pleasing in his person as well." She shakes herself.  "I was with my women when my mother brought to my sitting room.  I saw him, tall and dignified in his
; Sam just ran off to college: evidence suggests that if Cas had run off, it'd been to Oklahoma or Waco or something to start a freaky sex cult fueled by mescaline and pseudo-adolescent rage against the man.  It's not like entire thing about driving is subtle, above and beyond Cas's completely unsurprising lead foot when given highway and a means to drive it.  He has previous-Dean-shaped demons of long drives past to dispel and fantasies of the German autobahn to aspire to.  Not a problem, though he's waiting for Cas to finally snap and just shout he gets a hard-on for triple digit speeds.
"Alison," Cas agrees, expression darkening.  "And that will bring more attention to Teresa and her apprentices as well.  While I can't guess what specific entity is waiting, there are none that wouldn't qualify as incredibly dangerous on this plane just by the fact they exist."
"Very much.  Then again, I also think he is better than anything in Creation and may be the reason it exists--so he can be in it--so my objectivity may be questionable.  You would like him very much; you're alike in many ways."
She tries to remain passive, obedient, he's her Master and he has the right and she has none at all, but she can't help grabbing for his wrist.
"So, you guys don't need me anymore," Chuck is saying when Dean's jerking the bathroom door mostly-shut.  "So I'll--"
"Holy shit," he breathes, sitting back in his chair.  "All this time you've been doing this, and it never occurred to you--Cas, you had the information, yeah, but how were you supposed to know how to use it if he didn't tell you?"
The thing is, another life, he would have bought that; now, he knows just how many kinds of guns there are, and that the worst shots are the ones you survive.
"Just say it," Dean starts, then Cas meets his eyes, and all at once, he remembers that night at Chitaqua's walls and standing in a pool of living light: oh.  "You're fucking with me."  Alison looks close to giving up on verbal encouragement and makes himself say it  "Uh. This may sound crazy, but I think--I think maybe it was saying hi."
"Anything to raise the odds," Dean agrees after taking a moment to make sure his voice is steady.  "Isn't Mel living in a one bedroom with Sarah and Kat?  They're gonna need one of the cabins we're repairing. One of 'em has got to have at least two bedrooms."
"Record everything that they observed.  None of them have ever led the patrol, and some have never been on regular patrols at all, so any attempt at correction could cause them disregard something important."
Dean carefully places all that in the category 'shouldn't make any sense but does' (a large fucking category, bigger every day) and gets down to practicalities.  "So what we're doing here is just trying to keep them outside the walls until the barrier comes back up."
"It was like question and answer hell," Amanda says in bafflement. "Why yes, my stress ball is a gun but not
"Good," Dean hears himself say, and Cas snaps back to the porch with a jolt, looking at him with naked alarm, like he just realized what he let Dean see.  Infinity, Dean thinks fondly, really needs a change of subject.  "You used to go on a lot of missions with Dean?"
"The way you said it," she says, laughing again before adding, "The way you look now.  I just--it was a surprise, huh?"
"I thought you'd see it my way," she answers in satisfaction as she gets to his feet.  "Be right back."
He has to admit, without the distraction of manual labor, the view is very pleasant, and not just due to the extraordinarily attractive portrait people engaged in manual labor offer (hunters are extraordinarily fit, and aren't loathe to show exactly how much), though that's definitely an inducement.  It's rare that the camp has the time or leisure to casually congregate, and it belatedly occurs to him that other than the campwide meetings he or Dean call weekly--which are very different in context--he's never seen so many of the camp in one place at one time.
"Nothing new for them," Amanda says over her forkful, looking almost insultingly surprised after taking a wary bite. "Wow.  You can cook? Since when?"  Her eyes travel to Dean, one corner of her mouth quirking. "I withdraw the question."
"So," Amanda says when they're alone, tilting her head toward the back room where patrol's been meeting.  "Let's do your report on this personal incident.  I want all the details."
"So everyone thinks we're really well armed social rejects," Dean mutters before resting his chin on Castiel's shoulder.  "Also, fuck you, it wasn't an hour."
"Dean wants to do something stupid," he explains and is pleased to see understanding nods.  "He called it a plan."
"Don't."  Satisfied, Dean's fingers trail down his cheek, thumb following the line of faint stubble, running the pad against the grain, and Castiel remembers--for no reason whatsoever--that he forgot to shave again today, a new habit picked up for reasons (Dean) a few days ago.  "It's a good look for you."
," Dean argues, scowling at him.  "If you don't see something wrong with that, I don't even know what to say."
"But okay, we're missing something here," Dean says, wondering if he's the only one who noticed this. "She said the Host had to confirm it.  The Host isn't here."
Castiel blinks down at his plate before carefully cutting off a corner with his fork and taking a bite.  To his surprise, the flavor isn't offensive, and the texture of the bread is different from whatever she did to it.
"Saving time I already don't have enough of already," Alison answers, sounding strained, and he wonders if he's imagining the faint echo in her voice.  "Let's start with numbers, Cas.  Those routes are statewide; that means, unless I miss my guess, the whole state could be coming here.  Total possible: go."
Oh, that's why.  "I wasn't hungry," he says shortly, irritated with himself for not remembering Cas actually tracks his eating habits for a reason other than being a creepy stalker.  "It's not a big deal; I'll make it up at breakfast."
No coin for Charon, he reminds himself bitterly; the shades aren't even allowed to fucking try and swim their way to sanity.  What the fuck did Charon need money for, anyway?  Not like they were saving up to build a fucking bridge.
"We can try to kill her when her shields fail," Cas answers with the same distant calm. "But we won't have much time once they fully collapse; it took him only seconds to do the same to the entire world.  If she's still sane once it's over, she'll probably try to kill herself if she can.  If she's not--"
.  "So as of last night, thanks to our fearless leader," and for some reason, he grins at Dean, "the other Alliance towns who were acting like they didn't remember there is no 'i' in 'team' as in 'we're all on the same one and signed a contract saying just that' learned the error of their ways and are sending surplus food and the contracted number of patrol required for mutual defense or in this case, defense against overcrowding leading to violence."
"I don't care," Dean retorts.  "I've been here since August and this is the first time it's been other than 'cloudy' and now 'really wet'.  What's with that?"
"I assume she was surprisingly amenable no matter how strange the places were that you requested to see?"
"How you spoke of that scroll, for one. For another, you mentioned summoning and recognized the signs; that is impossible in Rome proper and nearly so in most of the provinces under our rule.  Few if any who practice would even think of trying and so wouldn't know what to look for.  You were your mother's apprentice, I assume?  If you had the Sight, she would have started you early.  She must have taught you of that."
Reluctantly, Dean opens his eyes, seeing the faint lights from the watch and straightens, dragging the words of the spell into his memory.  Before he can finish the first word, however, his sleeve is jerked up and something cold swipes across his skin, and the faint tingle he's almost grown used to vanishes into nothing. Grabbing his arm, he jerks around and is hit in the face with the smell of rubbing alcohol, but despite watery eyes, the blurry outline of Chuck holding a piece of gauze and a bottle is pretty goddamn telling as the jeep comes to an abrupt stop, almost throwing Dean into the dashboard.
Dean lets out a shuddering breath. "Dwayne and Sissy were building a castle.  Todd, Tyler, and Dee were best friends, did everything together.  Clark wanted to be a doctor, was apprenticing with Dolores after school every day, Dolores said he was picking up everything so fast.  Sandina was eight, Cia and Jimena found her in an abandoned car two years ago, and she was so smart, Cas.  They adopted Kelso when they got to Ichabod, and she loved having a little brother. They just got married last spring, did you know that?  Sandina got to be a bridesmaid, told me that her moms learned to sew to make all the dresses for the wedding.  She wore it to school the day after I told her I bet it was pretty, just so I could see it."  He swallows hard, eyes stinging.  "She looked like a fairy.  All that was left of it was bloody gauze when they were done."
"How did he find that much to write about?" Vera asks in wonder, leaning forward to squint at the ridiculously tiny print.  "And how does he write that small?"
"Dean?" Teresa prompts, and glancing at her, he takes in the dark circles under her eyes.  Dropping his gaze to the wall, where even from here he can see the too-thin fingers are starting to tremble, he wonders just how much of a strain the wards have been on her, especially with the Croats two days ago.  She's still not tapping the earth, but all that means is that it's all coming from her.
"Punishment only teaches you not to do something," Cas answers slowly.  "It's only effective as a deterrent, and those have their place.  My Father's lessons...more often than not, their purpose is to teach you what you should do and why you should want to."
"Cas…." he starts, remembering what he said about the truce and Crossroads enforcing the penalty all at once, but he's interrupted by Erica's laugh as she pulls her hands away from the growing stain on her dress.
"Got it in one," she says, pleased.  "As I said, having thirteen witches available had never been a problem. If there's one thing witches can do and do well, it's breed, and with this on the line, we made sure of it.  We'd had a few intermarriages with the Spanish and French colonists who'd been sensitive enough to get our attention, but not many.  Now we needed numbers and fast, so we got more direct about it. Anyone who showed a hint of the ability to feel the earth or any power was fair game, from white American colonists and free African American farmers to those escaping slavery who ended up on the border.  A good thing, too: it stopped some seriously dangerous inbreeding because, not kidding, purity of bloodline was actually a thing for way too long." She shudders.  "Surprisingly, when you aren't marrying your first cousin for the three generations straight--"
"We do that as well," Castiel says into the lingering quiet, realizing at Dean's surprised expression that he never told him that.  "Chuck is backing up the records for Chitaqua with the external hard drives we took from the military."
"It takes millennia for a demon to gain power, and only the most ruthless ever gain enough to have territory.  None of them, however, can hope to challenge the oldest demons, those who were given power by my Brothers and run Hell for its rulers."  Castiel licks his lips.  "Not until now."
"Obviously not, since it's not true." Finishing the glass, he regards Castiel in barely hidden amusement..  "I was beginning to worry we'd fall behind schedule.  More than we already are, in any case.  Would you like more coffee?"
"As is your right and that of every human being," Cas agrees.  "What does that have to do with anything?"
"It's very late," Cas says abruptly, taking both their cups as he gets to his feet.  "Tomorrow will be your first day without constant watchers, though they'll still be checking on you several times a day.  I think you'll find even this limited return to your normal activities tiring."
"The entire command hierarchy," Cas confirms, slumping on the couch.  "That the patrol doesn't know what they're doing is probably the only reason they seem to be oblivious to the fact that I don't either."
He doesn't bother knocking; from Alicia's expression and the way she's sitting on a newly unrolled sleeping bag, she was expecting him.  What she expects him to do is a mystery; he kind of wishes he could ask, because fuck if he knows.
secular music in the key of tone deaf as well as rhythm absent and volume excessive, and terrible drinking songs during frequent periods of mass inebriation, listening to which I'm certain deserves its own circle of Hell."
He nods, not surprised.  "Alicia, you got three hours: check all four roads that feed into the one coming into Ichabod and as far as you can get on those in that time.  You'll probably have to do it on foot, so be careful.  Report what you see as soon as you get back.  Any questions?"  Alicia shakes her head firmly.  "Good.  Give me a minute with Amanda and she'll drive you as far as she can, which on a guess won't be far."
So that generator question is kind of urgent now.  Blinking, he tries to think of what to do next when he's startled still by the sound of Castiel's voice.
"An angel's memory and a mortal body and life aren't entirely compatible, but in this one instance, that was an advantage.  It's too much, obviously, to think of all at once, so it gets--stored, I suppose. I still have it, but it becomes subject to a system of priorities.  All I have to do is not think about something, and once the habit is set, I simply--don't."
It's faster now--faster than ever--but it still happens, and it's like this: the cocoon of warmth around him, the give of the mattress beneath him, the heaviness of the bedding over him, the pillow beneath his head, the body stretched out against his back, this is a bed, this is a room, good so far.
"Cardixa has been with me since my childhood, when my father felt I required someone who could be companion as well as maid; her bark is in excess of her bite, which she reserves for me, of course," Cornelia says, neatly clearing the area before her before resting her folded arms on the desk.  "She is of the Germanic tribes--the Marsi, if I remember correctly--and was captured when my father intervened when her tribe attacked one allied with Rome. He kept his entitlement as general instead of selling them in Rome, and she was educated with me and my elder sister.  She was freed with all those who came with me to my marriage, as is traditional among the great families of Rome, at my husband's death, as were my father's slaves on
The air smells of fresh, clean earth and spring, fields newly sown, dew-heavy under the warm sun.  "Or perhaps you will have guidance after all."
"Consent's not just a word."  Not anymore.  "She needed to know everything so she could make the choice."
"You know what it is," she agrees, "and you also know that's exactly what I am: context."  Even in oversized sweatpants and a flannel shirt over a sweater, black hair twisted into a loose braid, Teresa gives the impression of stillness, dark golden-brown skin smooth in lines of highly trained calm habitual to the point of reflex.  When she meets his eyes, the sheen within the brown of the iris doesn't make her any less human, but simply
, what the hell?"  Sipping it warily, he shudders, letting Castiel see the contents but shaking his head when he tries to take the cup.  "Trust me on this one.  Kill it with fire.  Or use it for adventures in arson."
"Teresa," he confirms, not surprised. "When you tried to read Dean--what you sensed, she recognized it.  When she was finally allowed to return home and you could show her, that is."
Teresa nods.  "That was the idea. From everything we tried and after running a few tests, we worked out that we'd have about a minute and change to burn it out before it could get away or kill us. Power wasn't a problem--Mama could have done it herself--but like I said, there are limits on how much one witch can channel, much less release, and no one could channel that much at once but maybe a god.  So using basic division, they worked out that would take at least five full witches in physical proximity to it all working together and that was bare bones."
She nods, eyes still closed, and he gets shakily to his feet, scanning the people around them and marking each face in memory before finding on Cas, currently talking to Haruhi, Rosario, and Derek.  As he starts toward them, Derek cocks his head, asking Cas something and nodding before tucking a thick dreadlock more firmly into the short ponytail.  At Cas's nod, they turn to go, and Cas watches them as Dean joins him.
"Bobby had asked me earlier that week to choose a day and month that I felt was significant," Cas says quickly.  "I didn't know what he wanted it for or why, so I gave him the day and month that--"
"Like squirrels? Seriously, how--" Dean makes a visible effort and stops himself before focusing on Castiel speculatively. "Right, this was your Friday night in Heaven, sounds great.  But your goddess has been off the radar for a while, and you said she wasn't very powerful in the first place."
He circles the high outer walls of golden-brown sand with two Sam-created gates decorated with seashells clinging for dear life surrounding a wide, open space big enough for two young boys to climb inside and work on a mostly-finished castle at its center, half-crumbling turrets fighting physics and a shitty sand-to-water ratio to stay upright and succeed against all the laws of God and man. Stepping inside--it's smaller when you're six plus feet, that's so weird--he watches the water sliding almost shyly around the circle of defensive wall before returning to the ocean and leaving a deepening gully of water behind.
Dean looks around the camp in illustration and pauses, starting over and taking them in.   Home Improvement Weeks One and Two caused a massive upgrade in camp living conditions, and the mowing did wonders for looking less third-world, but most of that was interior or maintenance level shit.  Now though….
Cas looks vaguely interested, which is the gold standard right now when it comes to food. "Empanadas?  What kind?"
Cas regards him for a moment and then sits down his coffee cup, sliding to the edge of the bed and going to their bags.  Twisting around, Dean watches him rummaging and then realizes they're empty.
"I bet I could order that," Dean agrees, setting the subject aside for later plotting.  "And make him do it.  Consider it done."
"I suppose that means you'll try."  To Dean's shock, Cas's fingers, surprisingly cool, brush against his hot cheek, lingering long enough for him to realize he kind of doesn't want them to move anytime soon.  "Get some rest.  I'll take care of everything."
"Then what the hell's the point?" Dean asks in exasperation, and the fact he asks that question tells Castiel everything and absolutely nothing.  "So you're not human.  You weren't human when I met you, you're not human now.  My brother had demon blood in him and is Lucifer's fucking vessel, and I was a demon, in
agrees with her, too.  A couple of inches taller--probably about Sempronia's height or so--she's out of her teens and it shows; Dean feels a lot less creepy staring at her.
"We have ten minutes to be outside the gate and begin to talk or we're in breach of the truce," Cas says, turning to look at him.  "We should probably not risk delay."
"There are--Christ, they're everywhere.  How many….?" He fights back a laugh when more appear, flooding her mind with light.  "There are
"The one the novice had with her," Dean says in satisfaction.  "Yeah, I was wondering why the hell they couldn’t get it away from her.  So that knife--"
"They're terrible," Joe tells him, kneeling to set the plates on the coffee table. "They both showed me, asked what I thought.  What the hell do you say to that?"
"Evidence suggests it's the greater part of a very bad epic poem by a disappointed Athenian student who was refused study in the Library of Alexandria," Castiel tells him.  "More specifically, a very grammatically questionable but extremely detailed account of a hero calling on the gods to help him strike down a soul devouring monster who preys on the young and helpless, which in this case is a symbolic representation of the head librarian at the time, Eratosthenes."
"You, on the other hand, killed six to eight Croats while bravely protecting the wall and the gate, ran almost three miles chased by more of them while shooting them when possible, and in what is possibly the most dramatic moment of any mission I've ever seen, entered the postern door at the very last moment," he says, ignoring Dean breathing an exorcism with a truly terrible accent; they'll work on that.  "If we go back a day earlier, you--"
. This moment has never happened before and will never happen again, and I didn't know about it beforehand.  It may also be boring, but not in the same way.  Mortal life seems to consist of a great deal of that."
Dean sits back, eyes distant.  "When you were surprised I could--that I knew your Grace was in the wards, it wasn't just because I'm human, was it?"
There's a brief pause.  "Hold positions; repeat, hold positions; repeat, last time, hold all positions until further orders.  Five units checked-in; good job everyone.  Over."
"Yes, please," he answers gratefully, only belatedly aware it was a test by Teresa's expression.  "We weren't lying--if you and Alison need help, bring your family and come. We should get you up there anyway sometime soon; Cas has to do something with the wards to key you or whatever.  Make it a weekend.  We can get you a cabin.  Might even have electricity."
"She went to an excellent family," he answers: the one and only time Vera reported to him directly with something that would never be written in any report.  "There was no one better.  They love her as their own."  He pauses for a long moment.  "I can find out more.  And if you wish, arrange an introduction." He doubts the parents will object to that no matter what else may happen.
"I just realized," Cas interrupts, "that I forgot to inform you of the progress of my breeding program."
It wasn't dramatic, no, but it was there, and Cas was right about the variations: surprise and hesitation, uncertainty, sometimes a very shitty attempt at polite retreat, avoidance after, sometimes requiring the length of the room.  They might not be able to help it, but he hated it every time.  It made the few who didn't react all the more memorable, though; Teresa, Manuel, Tony, Rabin and Sudha, Neeraja, Eyong and Njoya, Dina, Lanak, a few others he marked for later thought.  They knew the difference, that much he could tell, but to them, it just didn't seem to matter.
"Thank you."  Sliding the rifle back over her shoulder, she studies the area around them and he realizes one, she's alone, and two, the gate is still closed.  Searching the wall, he just catches the faint motion of a rope.  "It shouldn't be long," she says, following his gaze to the gate.  "Anyi called in Ichabod's patrol to give us support on the walls while arguing with Hans."
"Yeah," Chuck whispers, the energy draining out of him.  "That's what I thought.  Not like it matters now, right?  How long you gonna keep this up?  I mean, don't get me wrong, I appreciate you faking your interest in everyone's survival and everything, but I'm guessing the minute you find a way to get him back to wherever he's from, you're checking out again, so some warning would be appreciated when that happens."
"So that's what they were doing," Castiel says in interest. "I'm calling those idiots back; in this case, their incompetence isn't the reason for their failure."
"Dude, I didn't need to point, you told me your schedule."  Cas's eyes narrow further, and Dean grins at him.  "I mean, you obviously had a different one today, but--"
"Yeah, what you want, wow--" Chuck laughs with an edge of hysteria. "Jesus, you think anyone wanted to live like this?  You think anyone wanted the goddamn
He nods, realizing belatedly his bottle is empty. "Yeah."  He glances at the clock and away.  "I'd like that."
It's been a week since he got here, suddenly scrambling for footing behind broken dumpster and staring at eight demons surrounding an armed man that even after three years Dean would recognize anywhere.  The skinny, slumping mortal body in a too-big jacket with an indifferent hold on a rifle stared at him with the infinite blue eyes of an angel who might have traded his sword for a gun and immortality for the dirt of humanity, but had never stopped being a soldier.  And very abruptly, to the surprise of those demons, he seemed to remember just that.
Getting slowly to his feet, he sweeps the room with another look, wondering belatedly how he's supposed to get a bunch of semi-catatonic people moving: he'll figure it out.  Aware of their eyes--and at least one gun--following his every movement, he goes to the closest people and crouches enough to look directly in their eyes, wondering if they're even tracking.  Only one way to find out.
"Penn requested temporary reassignment from Damiel's team to help Chuck to reorganize our inventory and supply.  She's also instructing Brenda more thoroughly in her duties overseeing the mess with our expanded variety, including assuring everyone's dietary requirements are met appropriately.  The results aren't yet hailed with enthusiasm but are far less likely to lead to outright warfare at each meal," he answers, though from his expression it was probably a really close thing.  "Alicia vouched for Brenda's sense of responsibility, so she'll be trusted with the keys to the cabin that has been repurposed for exclusive storage of our food supply." He frowns.  "Brenda asked me yesterday morning if we could steal an industrial walk-in refrigeration unit and freezer due to the increase in amount of fresh food that requires it.  While she's familiar with some preservation techniques, some things are apparently much better fresh."
," is breathed against his ear, enough to nearly drown out the screaming that's pounding through his head.  Blinking hazily into a night-dark sky, stars hidden by clouds, Dean tries to orient himself to where he is this time. "Dean, talk to me."
"Not when you continue to give me such obvious opportunities." Bracing both feet on the coffee table, he sighs and dislikes himself for it.  "I was being somewhat truthful, however.  Do you want the long version or the short?"
Ignoring the bright jumble of surface thought--even at this age, privacy is to be respected--he examines the changes he made in her memory, searching for any sign of rejection or dissonance and assuring no new pathways were formed in relation to them.  Alison observes carefully; this kind of examination is beyond her skill but well within her potential, and at this stage, she learns most easily from watching him.
Dean nods slowly, wetting his lips before asking, "And you never got out?  And maybe he--and Bobby, they just didn't tell you?"
