"Dean? You awake?" Cas asks, quiet enough that if Dean
him, straight into his soul, if that’s something that exists.
“Journalism,” Anna says, beaming. “I love it. I’ve always loved writing, so it’s cool to think I’ll get to do it forever.” She sips at her own drink, Dean’s pretty sure it’s some sort of iced latte with cold foam. He thinks about stealing her drink to try it, but he thinks better of it. He likes Anna. He likes her a lot, actually. He’s really not into women, not in the slightest, but if he had to pick a girl, it’d be Anna. They got drunk at a party freshman year and made out, but it never went anywhere. For obvious reasons.
Nobody gets the question right, so Dean feels a little better about himself. They can’t
walks into his Art History class and suddenly he’s a fucking
He doesn’t remember it, not all of the time, and definitely not clearly, but he understands what happened. Understands that it’s not something they talk about. He figures the rosary beads and weird patterns on floors and behind paintings probably have something to do with it, so he never asks.
"Hey, buddy. You okay?" Dean asks him, the only noise in the whole bunker besides the bacon sizzling behind him.
Cassiopeia’s downfall had been her vanity — her arrogance. Dean puts up a front, acts like he is these things, like they’re the only things that make him up. Castiel had painted the constellation below his eye in hopes that maybe just a tiny bit of her confidence would rub off onto the Righteous Man. Even before Castiel truly knew Dean, he knew that Dean deserved better from himself and from the world. He didn’t know it would take him so long to get it, but he’s glad that it’s arrived. He reaches his fingers up to trace along the wide W shape below his eye, smiling and sated.
It certainly isn’t the worst start to winter break.
"You ever gonna stop looking at me like the sun shines outta my ass?"
He pauses now, balls his hand into a fist against the bark of the filthy tree, and he drags it down as he applies pressure, just to try and ground himself. Just a little bit. He feels like he’s tearing apart at the seams, and he needs a reminder that he’s still flesh and blood. He’s not going to rip in half and float off. He’ll be fine.
After a long moment, Dean sighs and stands up. He grabs a towel that he'd thrown over a chair after his morning shower and cleans both of them up hastily, like he can't wait to get back into bed and get his arms back around Cas.
Dean shakes his head, and then bows it. He reaches up to his opposite shoulder to lay a hand on Anna’s. “None of this is your fault,” he says. “I can’t imagine what they did to you when you disobeyed. I may not know a lot about angels, but I can tell that they’re dicks,” he says.
away in his brain to deal with later.
It’s not that he’s worried about Cas messing it up, he just can’t seem to take his eyes off of him. After losing him like that, Dean’s reluctant to let Cas out of his sight at all. He directs Cas through measuring out the water, microwaving it for
Before Dean can think, he's clamped his hand down on Cas' thigh, gripping with more force than was entirely necessary. His face goes hot and he's sure Cas catches it, because Dean can see him smirk out of his peripheral vision. "No, Cas. No, don't." It comes out of his mouth sounding more desperate than he intends, and then Cas lays a gentle hand on top of Dean's. Dean releases his death grip on Cas' thigh, but leaves his hand in place. He stares down at Cas' hand on top of his own and gulps.
“I—“ Cas starts, and then he dips down to kiss Dean again. “Me too,” he says. “I really like you, too. I care about you more than I can put into words you’d understand.”
Cas shrugs, “Just because
There’s nowhere else he’d rather be.
Has that fleck of yellow always been in his right eye? Of course it has. A tiny drop of honey in a sea of green. It's always been there.
Finally, he is home.
but you already knew that much. But then when you realized I was hitting on you? No straight guy has that reaction.”
Dean leans into him, just getting comfortable. He has to resist the urge to outwardly complain when Meg walks into the room carrying an empty bottle. “Shall we?” she drawls, and Dean rolls his eyes. As much as he doesn’t like Meg, he gets how she pulls as many people as she does. Her voice is thick, deeper than a lot of women he knows. Hell, if he wasn’t gay, he’d probably go for a spin at least once, assuming she’d want him back.
Dean licks his bottom lip, his gaze flickering from Cas’ eyes to somewhere off in the distance. Cas can tell that the praise makes Dean squeamish, that he’s not used to hearing these things. It breaks his heart. Dean is beautiful, body and soul. “I’ve seen your soul, Dean. You have no idea… how
Sam nods solemnly. “Yeah, unfortunately. Rowena knows them. But I’ll call if I need you,” he promises, handing the room key to Cas.
“Do you want some water?” Cas asks, and if Dean weren’t so pissed he can’t hardly see straight, he’d probably be endeared by Cas’ worrying.
“Good, that’s so good, Dean. Perfect,” Cas breathes,  starting to move again once Dean loosens his grip. “I am the luckiest man alive,” he breathes, brushing some of Dean’s hair from his face where it sticks there with the help of a few beads of sweat.
When he breaks away, Dean presses their foreheads together and smiles down at Jack where he lays in Cas’ arms. He’s blinking up at them with wide, cerulean eyes and Dean’s eyes well up with tears. This, right here, in the kitchen of the bunker, he has his own little family. Sammy, too, probably off in his room, but this is different. Jack is their kid. He’s a
Cas shakes his head. “No, he can do it with his
Cas crawls up Dean’s body to settle above him, dipping down to kiss at the mark he’d left earlier. He pulls back to look at it, and Dean sees him smiling. He’s smiling like he didn’t just rock Dean’s entire world, like he didn’t just blow Dean’s mind to tiny shards. He dips down to fit their lips together again, and Dean can taste himself inside Cas’ mouth.
Dean needs a fucking
Dean gasps, but ultimately grabs Cas’ wrist and pulls his hand away. “This is about you, too, Cas.” And then he’s pulling Cas into his lap, hands settling on his thighs. “Wrap your legs around me baby, there you go. That’s good,” Dean breathes, and Cas wants to crumble. He wants to disappear. He doesn’t think his Dean ever took care of him like this, ever truly cared this much, and it makes him want to fade into nonexistence. Regardless, he obeys and wraps his legs around Dean’s waist.
So, yeah. They both could use some time out of the Bunker, and it’ll be nice to do something to commemorate Cas. It’ll be nice for both of them to come and have a place to talk about him, or think about him, or just… sit with him. Maybe not
Cas’ eyes flash blue for a moment, and it’s so bright that Dean doesn’t even realize he has two inky-black wings tucked behind his back. When Cas’ eyes dull to their natural blue, Dean gasps. He sees them, and he stands up in an instant. His jeans are a little wet, and he’s dripping onto the dock, but it doesn’t feel right to be sitting in the presence of an angel with his goddamn wings out.
two hours of the entire 21 hour trip.
Cas nods and follows him into the house. Dean can feel the beat of the music through his whole body, and even though he’s mildly pissed that his friends left Anna with that
stop,” he all but growls. “Don’t you dare.”
Cas nods thoughtfully, but doesn’t say anything else for the rest of the drive. He does hum along to a couple of the Zeppelin songs playing through the speakers though, so Dean counts it as a win.
Dean’s never seen Cas this awake this early in the morning, and he notices a pot of coffee that’s been almost entirely drained. That must be it, then. Cas has gotten a taste of coffee that didn’t come from a machine in a gas station or a shitty twenty-four hour diner. “Do you want coffee?” Cas asks him, already putting down the ball of dough and making his way to the sink to rinse his hands. “I can put on another pot.”
Beck gives him a smile that teeters on genuine, scrawling their orders down on the ticket. They turn around to take it to the kitchen, and Dean sees them lean against the counter and pull out their phone before he turns back to look at Cas.
It makes his face heat up an impossible amount.
Dean's vision goes blurry and his eyes become glassy. He doesn't deserve this. There's no way he deserves this. This unfathomable being, who was created to be a soldier, a weapon for heaven loves
Anna’s mom picks up on the third ring. “Hello?” she says. She sounds… tired.
"Cas, buddy, you know I love you, too, right?" He asks into the dark, and he feels Cas move to look at him in the pitch black room, as if he'd be able to see anything.
Cas nods. “Of course,” he says.
need to breathe. He wants to drag him home by the lapels of his coat and never let Cas leave his sight again. Instead, he knows that there’s more to say. Cas probably heard his prayer, and he knows that. Cas could hear them the first time around, so it only makes sense that he’d heard everything Dean prayed to him. “Cas, buddy, I have to tell you something,” he says softly, still cradling the smell of death in his shaky hands.
sure that we need the air mattress,” Dean grumbles, setting off toward the car.
This bedroom that smells faintly of stale beer and fresh laundry is covered in the stardust that Castiel had molded into Dean’s flesh. Castiel is held here.
and so is he.
From what Dean can tell, there’s fresh fruit, waffles are being cooked, Anna’s frying bacon, and Brooke’s scrambling eggs. He watches as Anna crumbles up a few pieces of already-cooked bacon to throw into the eggs, and then Brooke tosses in some cheese.
At your core.”
Dean has pretty definitive proof of an afterlife, if having an ex-angel for a husband is anything to go by. Even when he and Cas pass, years and years down the line, they’ll be together again.
They do leave Missouri’s house, eventually. About three days later, the snow has melted into a nasty brown slush, but it’s not so bad that Dean can’t drive in it. Missouri sends them off with a credit card. “Your father left it here, a few months ago. Said it was for emergencies, so. All yours,” she says. “Don’t go sleepin’ in that damned car just to save money. Sleep in an actual bed. A
to him. Dean can’t stop the fucking tears. He doesn’t know how long he lays there and cries, because he’s got his back turned to Cas and to the clock on his bedside table.
And besides, once Dean finished, he’d gotten fucked, anyway. He’s more used to it than Cas is, though, so Cas probably needs some time to adjust.
Cas repositions himself on the bed, he knows what’s coming. It’ll be easier for Dean to prep him if he lays on his back with his legs spread and his hips propped up with a pillow, so he does that and he lets Dean watch him. When they’re both ready, he’ll climb back into Dean’s lap. But for now, this works. This is good.
It’s Christmas now, and Dean listened. He got himself and Cas three weeks in the honeymoon suite of a
Cas follows him into his room and plops down on the bed, leaning back against the pillows and the headboard. “Will you bring your Monster pants? They’re comfortable,” he says.
fuck it up somehow. And it’s not -- it’s not like I’m --
“Dean?”
Dean takes a calculated risk and leaves his own bag next to the door where he'd plopped it down when he walked in. He would get to gauge Cas' reaction to his bare chest, and hopefully make Cas feel less embarrassed about forgetting his own bag in the process. "Back in a jiffy," he winks, and why the
He does relax a bit though, because at least he has good news. “Kid’s in the car, Sam’s lookin’ after him. You wanna meet him?” Dean asks, and he smiles. For the first time since Cas died, the smile reaches his eyes.
Cas just hums, presses both hands to Dean’s inner thighs to spread him open further. Dean sucks in a sharp breath, but lets himself be moved. “Would you hand me a pillow?” Cas asks. That’s a little weird, but Dean’s not going to argue. He does.
He doesn't take his time with this part. He just wants to get it over with. This isn't out of pleasure, it's out of necessity. He comes, watches it go down the drain, and turns the water off. He grabs a towel off the rack and dries himself quickly, toweling his hair last. It sticks in all directions, he's sure. He really doesn't care.
Dean leads Cas across the hall into his room. He closes the door behind them and turns back to pull Cas into another hug. “Missed you, Cas,” he whispers, arms snaking beneath both of Cas’ coats to feel the warmth there. “Probably should get you somethin’ else to wear. I don’t wanna sleep against your tax accountant get-up,” he jokes, helping Cas shed his larger coat, and then the smaller one. He presses a kiss to his cheek before he walks over to his dresser and pulls out a t-shirt and some sweats.
Cas is whining now, his breathing heavy. He looks desperate and needy and like what he's about to do is going to be the hardest thing he's ever had to do in his life when he says, "Dean, I- I'm-" and then he pulls Dean's hair to pull him off, which means it's
he doesn’t say.
Dean swallows and nods his head, still petting Cas’ feathers. “I love you,” he manages, and his voice breaks twice in just three words. It doesn’t feel like enough. What he feels for Cas, it’s something bigger than that.
“Also fine. What do you remember?”
Cas thinks, and he’s right. It’s a small bottle, about half-full, and Cas takes the opportunity to just look at him again. Dean’s cheeks, neck, and chest are all flushed so beautifully. His hair is sticking to his forehead, which is just slightly damp. His chest is nearly heaving from how hard he’s breathing, and there’s only one word that comes to mind.
Cas nods his head. “Of course, Dean. But you—I don’t need to hear it back. If you don’t say it, or if you don’t mean it, that’s okay. I’m not going anywhere, no matter what. As long as you’ll have me, I’m here. My love isn’t contingent on your reciprocation. It just exists. It always will,” he reassures him, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
sincere. “My superiors don’t wish for me to tell you this,” he says, “but your brother is the vessel of the archangel Lucifer. You’re meant to bring on the apocalypse, the two of you. Your father was supposed to raise you. Your mother was supposed to die when you were four. He was supposed to raise you and Sam to be what most call Hunters. But he
and now you hate me. It’s okay. I can drive you back to school when we get up.”
They’ve still lost their mom, but Dean knows how to live without her. All in all, he’s known her for less of his life than he’s known Cas. He’s sad, of course he is, and he’ll always miss her, but Cas is fucking
That first
Cas rubs his hand over his face. He’s passing through Harrison, Arkansas right now. If his father were listening, he would thank him. He’s only about an hour away. If he speeds, he can make it in forty minutes. “Give me forty five minutes,” he says, just in case.
Jack stays angry for a few more weeks, but over time, it turns less active and more passive. For about a week and a half, Jack would yell at him any chance he got. Dean would just take it, because there was nothing else to do. After everything he’s done to the kid, he deserves to be screamed at. Jack deserves an outlet for that anger, and Dean’s happy to serve that purpose and be a punching bag. It’s the
Suddenly, his father's words don't matter anymore. He doesn't care. Not even
Mary scrubs her hands across her face, and when she looks back up, her eyes are rimmed red and she starts to stammer. “Because of me,” she says quietly. “It wasn’t too long after John and I got together, and it was a demon. The same demon that came after Sam, the one I killed that night,” she says. “I made a deal,” she admits.
Last but not least, he toes off his shoes and slips underneath the covers. He keeps his eyes forward, elects not to be the one to break the silence again. He hears Dean shuffle, hears him settle further into the bed. When he risks a glance, he sees Dean with his back to him.
Dean nods his head, turning to look at Cas. He leans in and presses their lips together for just a moment before pulling back and pulling the keys from the ignition. He steps out of the car, and he feels frozen again until Cas is by his side, his arm looped through Dean’s own. He slowly and gently urges Dean forward, like he’s a frightened dog in need of coaxing with food. He supposes this isn’t
He doesn't know how long he sits there, he's in some sort of waking trance. This just turned from the best dream he's ever had into his worst nightmare. He doesn't want to go back. Not if he can't have this.
drive, can’t you?”
looks at him. “All I have ever wanted is you. This,” Cas says, “is more than I ever dreamed of.”
Cas tucks his bottom lip between his teeth and absolutely does not take his eyes off of Dean. Not even to blink. Cas’ mouth falls open in a silent moan when Dean’s finger presses slowly inside of him.
As Castiel comes down, he can feel Dean still twitching inside of him, and then Dean collapses. Castiel hooks his legs up over Dean’s hips and locks his ankles, holding Dean against his body with his legs and with a hand pressed to the back of his neck. Dean’s body is shaking, and Castiel can’t tell if it’s from exertion or if maybe he’s still crying.
He figures he might as well flip on the TV while he waits for Cas to come back. He only gets so far as picking up the remote before the doorknob jiggles, unlocks, and Cas slips inside. He’s carrying a big-ass bag with the Waffle House logo printed on it, so Dean figures he’s been successful. “Mornin’, Sunshine,” Dean says, and Cas nearly jumps out of his damn socks.
“Dean?” Mary asks, crossing her arms and leaning up against the Impala. “What’s wrong, sweetie?”
"'Course, Cas." Dean says, and then the bathroom door is clicking shut. Dean takes off his top layer, a flannel that had been nearly sliced to shreds by the vamps. His t-shirt remained relatively in-tact, except in a place in the middle of his stomach, where he'd gotten sliced a little deeper than the rest. It still hasn't quit bleeding all the way, but Dean figures it will as soon as he can grab a shower, clean it out, and throw a bandage on it. No biggie.
Dean doesn’t know the details of every day, and that’s okay. He loves it. He loves having the freedom to do whatever he wants, whatever makes him and Cas the happiest. He gets to do it with the knowledge that Sammy’s safe, that Eileen will keep him in line. It warms his heart. His whole family is safe, and so is he.
Dean’s never been flayed alive, but he imagines it feels somewhere close to this. “Touch me,” he whispers. “Anywhere. Just keep touching me. Don’t stop.”
“I was.”
Dean rubs a hand over his face. “Right. Yeah, okay. Thanks for your concern, I guess,” he says, feeling like more of an ass than he’d meant to come across as. “I can get you set up on the couch, if you wanna get some sleep.”
Alex Trebek’s voice comes through the TV a little staticky, but Dean can still make out what he says. “It’s the only country that borders both the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf.” What a ridiculous question. Dean doesn’t even have any
up, John. I mean it,” his mommy says, and she sounds calm again. Not like she’s been crying, all of a sudden.
“Perfect,” Castiel replies, because he is. He’s sure he’s never felt more content than he does in this moment. “I love you,” he adds. Truer words have never left his lips. His cheeks hurt from smiling.
Cas pushes the door open and steps inside, and Dean thinks he sees his face go pink. He isn’t sure, the lighting in his room isn’t superb. He can see clearly that Cas is holding two paper bags that have the logo of his favorite diner on them. “You seemed… off. After breakfast. I just wanted to bring you something that might help. I’m sorry for intruding, Dean. I’ll leave you be.” Cas puts one of the bags at the foot of his bed, and turns to walk out.
“Please, Dean,” Castiel begs. “Just a little more, Dean, oh
He's getting frustrated trying to untangle his thoughts, and he's been sitting here for... he can't even tell how long. But Sam walks back in eventually, to find Dean with a scowl on his face, gripping his coffee cup so hard that his knuckles have gone white.
The look on his face can only be described as
or I’ll stop,” he says, and Dean knows he’s not fucking around. Whatever stupid, idiotic, dumbass smile might have been beneath the weight of Cas’ palm a few seconds ago is nothing but the wisp of a memory. His eyes are wide and his dick is throbbing in Cas’ hold.
to, but after you up and confessed your love for me, I kinda
and laid back down, pretending to be asleep. He didn't sleep at all that night, not really.
Dean sits down on his bed, resting against the pillows near the headboard. “Grab my laptop,” he says to Cas. “We can watch something while we eat.”
Cas shakes his head, his fingers circling Dean’s wrist again. “No, it’s okay. I’d like to stay,” he says, giving Dean’s wrist a squeeze. He has a smile on his face that looks mostly genuine, but there’s something behind it that Dean just can’t quite place.
Mary sighs, but she nods. “Of course, kiddo. But you know, you shouldn’t be friends with people who don’t accept you for who you are.”
"Don't have much of an appetite after what I just witnessed, Dean," Sam jokes, but Dean's stomach drops for a fraction of a second before Sam takes the food he's being offered. Sam obviously notices Dean falter, because he sits the plate down on the table next to him and squeezes his brother's shoulder. "I'm just kidding, man. I'm not dad. I'm happy for you guys. Not so happy that I wanted to see all of
but Dean knows he can’t. Dean just stares incredulously until Jack huffs again. “Don’t you remember last time?” he asks. “I saved him. I can do it again! I just have to pray, and I’ve already been doing that!” Jack says excitedly. “He’s probably on his way home right now. Maybe he just can’t get to a phone, Dean. It’s okay.”
Dean lowers himself down to sit on the bed, trying his best to take deep breaths. He screws his eyes shut. He has no idea what to do with any of this. He wants to lay down in his bed and not come out for the rest of the day. It doesn’t even sound like an awful idea.
Dean takes a breath. That doesn’t make much sense. But truth be told, Anna probably doesn’t either. And this conversation isn’t easy for her, Dean can tell. He lets that one go.
Jack says, sighing like he’s exasperated. He sighs like he means
Dean shimmies a little so that he’s laying flat on his back, but with his arm pressed flush against Cas’ chest. He turns his head to look into Cas’ eyes, which are so bright that he’s pretty sure they lighten the room at least a little. He rolls his hips up to where Cas is
He goes to work. He swipes it up and down Cas’ legs as gently as he can, trying to get the dried blood off. There aren’t any actual cuts there, it just looks like that’s where a lot of blood dripped down and started to crust. He tries to be the most gentle around the darkest bruises while still getting his skin as clean as he can.
kiss is what it feels like. His wings shield them from Anna’s eyes, so Dean leans into it and tries not to get lost in it.
“Yeah, Cas?”
Dean is whining and squirming, he can't believe Cas turned this around on him like this. He's going to have to have a talk with Cas about that, if his brain ever decides to come back online. With the way Cas is moving above him and kissing him like he needs it to stay alive, he's not completely sure his brain ever
he pauses, “it should work. We should be able to ward along the outside of the cages as well, in case we can’t close the doors fast enough. The angels would be trapped inside, but Sam and Mary could pass through the warding with no issue.”
Anna’s back.
Dean can't breathe. His phone clatters to the floor and he can hear Sam saying his name, but it's distant. He's so far away from everything. Think.
“I never would have admitted it before now, though. I don’t know what changed. Seeing you so happy with the other me… It just made me want to do better, it made me want to be better than him. I was… jealous of him. And I couldn’t figure out why. Because it wasn’t like you were
“Do you think you’re ready, Dean?” Cas asks, pressing his free hand to Dean’s hip to still his movements. His words work better than his slippery hand at getting Dean to still.
Anna tells them all exactly what went down, and she also shares a pretty key piece of information with them. “The angels are locking themselves away in Heaven,” she says. “They’re grateful to you, to
“Time works differently in Hell. It works differently in Heaven, too. Angels perceive it all at once. It’s… difficult to quantify how long it felt like we were fighting in Hell, It felt like forty years, it felt like three months, and it felt like two hours. All at once.” Cas takes a break to reposition himself, crossing his legs at the ankles and folding his hands in his lap.
Water starts to fill the tub once more, clean. It’s almost too hot when Castiel feels it on his toes, but he wiggles them against the warmth of the water where it begins to lap at his skin. It feels nice. The tub filling slowly will give his skin plenty of time to adjust to the heat. Castiel hears a puff of air and the sound of soap being squeezed into the water. Dean splashes his hand around a little, presumably to form a few bubbles in the water so that Castiel might feel less exposed. He appreciates the gesture, but won’t bring himself to thank Dean for it, or even look at him.
Cas shakes his head, he hates that even without the knowledge of everything he’s done, Dean’s default emotion is guilt. “It’s not your fault. You’re Dean Winchester,” he says his name with conviction, resting a hand over one of Dean’s own. “I’m Casti—Cas. I’m Cas, and your brother’s name is Sam, and he’s out trying to get your memories back,” Cas reminds him gently, giving his hand another squeeze. “Of course I’ll tell you the story.
going down his throat. He’d drank most of the water and settled in beneath the covers after thanking Dean.
for a son. John was never suspicious of Dean, as far as he knew. He never asked. How could he? That would be a dead giveaway, wouldn't it?
“Dean,” Cas gasps, “please.”
he doesn’t say, but he thrusts his hips up slow enough that Cas can pull off and say no if he needs to.
Cas. Y’know that?” he asks, never tearing his eyes away from where Cas is finger-fucking his own fist.
"Guys, I think I found us a case."
then maybe Dean wouldn’t have turned into some lovesick, emo, teenage girl overnight.
Once inside, he slips beneath the covers next to Cas, which causes him to stir.
"I really am okay, Dean. I think I just blacked out last night, that's all. I can't remember it." Cas shrugs. He knows about memory lapse due to intoxication. It's never happened to him before now, but it's just one of many 'firsts' he's had since becoming human.
I didn’t know what to do. I freaked out. You don’t talk about your brother much, but I know how much you love him. I know what he means to you.”
that he doesn’t know about Cas’ family, it doesn’t matter that he’s breaking his rule. None of it matters, not even Cas’ fight with his mother. Which, he doesn’t really want to be thinking about his mom while he locks lips with Cas for the (real) first time, so. Moving right along.
he says. He feels Cas twitch in his grip as he says it, so he knows that Cas must want that, too.
flow through his body when Cas touches two fingers to his temple, and then he can breathe again. He’s still crying, but he can breathe. He draws in a deep breath and Cas holds his face, worry clearly scrawled into his features. “You’re okay, Dean. You’re safe with me. I’m not going to let anyone near you,” he whispers, pressing a kiss to Dean’s forehead.
He cracks open the door to Sam’s room, and nobody’s in there. His window’s cracked. Dean frowns but doesn’t immediately panic — sometimes Sammy likes some fresh air after he has a nightmare. Sometimes he’ll crack a window before he caves and crawls into bed. He usually remembers to close it again, but with everything going on, Dean can’t blame him for forgetting. He probably just went to crawl into their mother’s bed and forgot to close his window, that’s all. Dean walks over and shuts it for him, and decides to make his way down the hall to his mom’s room.
Sam. I don’t know what the fuck to do with any of this, man.” It’s the most honest he’s been in a while. He truly has no clue what his next move is supposed to be.
Cas tilts his head up to meet Dean's eyes. His brows furrow for a second and he sighs. "I missed you, too. I just wish you would talk to me about what's bothering you so much. I only wish to help, Dean." He says, pressing a kiss to the center of Dean's throat. "Maybe I can help. And if I can't, I can at least listen."
Instead, he forces his consciousness back into his body and breaks the kiss, staring up at Cas whose eyes are half closed and lips are still parted, staring down at him in shock. He closes his mouth, crawls out of Dean’s lap, and sits down next to him again. All eyes are on them. Dean takes in the reaction — it’s mostly shock rather than disgust, so that’s. Something. He wouldn’t say
"Cas, you gotta eat something other than PB&J's. You're gonna be malnourished, pal," Dean jokes, walking over to the coffee pot and pouring himself a cup. He sips at it, still under Sam's worried stare. "Dude. Stop looking at me like that. What's your deal?" he grumbles.
for locking away Lucifer and Michael. They don’t want to bother us anymore.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Fuck no. You guys have fun riding in that glorified Little Tikes whatever the fuck, Cas can just ride with me in the Impala,” he says, taking Cas’ coffee and sipping on it again, which earns him a side-eye and an eyebrow raise from Charlie. He flips her off with the straw in his mouth, and Cas smiles next to him. Dean catches only the tail end of it, when Cas is looking down at his lap with little more than one corner of his lip perked up. He mentally kicks himself for being upset he missed the whole thing.
Dean swallows. Cas is right. He needs to savor this. “Just get naked, and then we can take as much time as we want. I promise. I just wanna feel you,” he admits.
Mary doesn’t say anything, so Dean tugs Cas up to his room by his wrist. Once inside, he tips his head back against the door and sighs, trying to hold in his tears. “So,” he starts. “Did you lie to
Dean runs and runs until his lungs burn beneath his ribcage and his heart thumps so hard he's sure it's going to burst. As soon as he stops running, he only hears one pair of feet running, and that stops as soon as Sam catches up with him, laying a hand on his shoulder. Dean snaps away from the touch and leans against a tree, trying to catch his breath. He lost him. He lost Cas.
most days. But she lets it happen, and even turns in her chair to wrap her arms around Cas. She turns her head toward Dean. “Get over here, because I’ll probably never let you touch me again after this,” she teases, and Dean sees her squeeze Cas a little tighter.
Cas huffs out a laugh despite himself, he can’t help it. “I’m an angel, remember?” he asks, but it’s rhetorical. He knows Dean doesn’t remember. He continues, “You went to hell because you made a deal with a demon to save your brother’s life. You spent forty years there before I was able to reach you. But once I did, there was no mistaking which soul was yours, Dean. It shone the brightest of all of them,” Cas smiles. He knows he’s getting a little carried away, but he can’t help it. And he has to keep Dean’s attention somehow.
I guess.”
He begins with Castiel’s feet. He presses one kiss to the tops of each foot, the outside of his left ankle, and the inside of his right. Castiel wants to squirm. He feels like every kiss Dean drops leaves a trail of electricity in its wake. Dean isn’t kissing his feet because of any sort of fantasy involving them, no, that’s not it at all. This is worship. Castiel knows it. He’s witnessed it over thousands of centuries of observing humans. His thumbs dig into the arches of Castiel’s feet, and it makes him sigh. It feels nice, to have Dean’s attention in this way. Perhaps he’d been wrong about Dean taking time and care to cleanse his feet. Perhaps it
He’s known Cas for less than a week and he just came out to him. His eyes dart around the room, and he reaches up to adjust his beanie again. “I-I mean, I’m just not really lookin’ right now, y’know? Not that I’m not interested in
“Yes, Cas. Our room. Are you sure you’re okay, man? You’re acting weird this morning. Do I need to drive you to a doctor?” Dean asks, wiping his hands off on a towel and pressing one slightly damp hand to Cas’ forehead. “You aren’t warm or anything,” he notes, “Seriously, buddy. Just go lay down and wait for me. This won’t take much longer,” he says, gesturing toward the sink.
he breathes, but he doesn’t let up on fisting Dean’s cock. He rubs his own against Dean’s hip at the same pace that he moves his arm, and Dean wants to kiss him so bad that he aches with it. He can’t ask for it, because for one — he’s sure that would be breaking the rules. For two — Cas still has his mouth covered. Come to think of it, it’s almost like it’s inching up his face. Dean’s nose will be covered before long if Cas isn’t careful. Not that Dean would be
Dean shakes his head, "I can't talk about it, Cas. Not yet. I will, eventually. I promise. But not today," he sighs and walks toward Cas to pull him into a gentle hug. When he pulls back, Cas is wearing an expression that makes him want to crack his ribcage right open and hand Cas his physical heart. Just to hold on to.
For years, Dean Winchester wore his father's jacket everywhere he went. It was his security blanket. These days, he never wears it out of the house. He can't bring himself to. He isn't the man he was when his father passed this jacket on to him. He wonders, fleetingly, if his father would be proud of the man he's become, or if he would spit atrocities at him for becoming something that was disappointing. He wonders if his father would think him less of a man.
Dean presses a blind kiss to Cas’ skin wherever he can reach, and it winds up being his collarbone. Cas smiles, and he climbs off of Dean’s lap. “Gonna clean us up, be right back,” Dean says, and Cas hears him shuffle around and walk across the room. He flicks the light on so he can see, and Cas’ face lights up in an instant at the sight of him.
Cas turns around and walks inside the bunker. He’s still shocked sometimes by how much this place feels like home, now. Only a few years ago, Heaven was the only home he had ever known or wanted. Now, he can’t think of a worse fate. He’d choose humanity and the bunker over being an angel in Heaven any day. A lot of it has to do with Dean, and even Sam, but still. He’s right where he wants to be, even if he doesn’t have everything he desires. He can live without it. It’ll just take some readjustment.
Anna takes a deep breath and turns her eyes toward the sky. She’s just as beautiful as the first time Dean saw her this way. There are a few spots on her wings that are scorched, blackened, but they don’t dull her beauty. Dean’s not sure that anything really ever could. With one last rustle of feathers, Anna’s gone.
Dammit, this is what Dean's been trying to avoid. He's getting damn tired of the way his heartrate picks up every time Cas says something to him that's even remotely intimate. Cas must take note of Dean's thumping heart beneath his palms, because he continues. "Right down to your soul. I stitched it back together myself, I remade you. I know your soul better than you do," he whispers, pressing closer to Dean so their lips are touching.
Dean just hums against his skin. “What if we did somethin’ different?” he asks, voice soft and almost hesitant.
huh? Am I the only one who can hear the guards trying to get in here? We’re in some deep fucking shit here, guys!” He’s pacing now, he can’t help it. He’s fucking nervous. He’s
Cas just grins at him, wide and gummy. It makes Dean’s heart flutter, and he stamps it down inside himself. They’re not even at the party yet.
He’s never kissed Cas, and he doesn’t often let himself think about what it would be like, but he finds himself unable to resist this morning. He thinks about how it would feel if he lifted his head, cupped Cas’ cheek, and kissed him awake. He doesn’t allow himself to think about what Cas would do, or what he would say. He just focuses on how it would feel.
“What, angels have special healing powers?” Dean asks. It would honestly be the least surprising thing he’s learned about angels so far.
Dean nods. “It’s the only thing I can make myself hold on to. I can’t even remember your name,” he admits shamefully, and then, “I’m sorry.”
“Peachy,” Dean quips. “Just thought I’d see how my hot-shot law student baby brother’s doin’,” he sighs.
Thick, black sludge was all he had left of Cas. And somebody had cleaned him up and in doing so, wiped away the last of everything he had of the guy.
Dean laughs and leans in for another kiss, and this one lingers. He makes sure it does. He’s as happy as he’s ever been, he thinks. Sam’s good —
He puffs on the cigarette, still pissed off about the bottle landing on Meg. It had been completely random, it’s not like Cas had
"Oh, Dean," Cas says, and he's beaming. Fucking
Castiel raises his eyebrows, and he looks… smug, almost. Maybe just amused? Jesus, it’s hard to get a read on this guy. “I was going to offer to help you study,” Castiel says, “but I wouldn’t want to be a distraction.”
Cas presses tiny kisses into Dean’s skin and lets his eyes flutter closed. He pulls Dean closer to his chest and inhales deeply, pressing a lingering kiss to his neck on the exhale. He pulls back and he can feel Dean’s heart pounding underneath his hand where it rests on his chest.
Dean responds in earnest, opening his mouth to Cas with enthusiasm.
Cas rolls his eyes. “High tolerance. You can give me a sobriety test before we leave, but I assure you,
“Dean,” Cas repeats, over the mantra of
He just… his love is… it’s stronger. Brighter, in a sense. Like he’s loved you for
He plops down in a chair at Cas’ table, eyeballing him. “Well? Go change. Show me whatcha got.”
“Angle’s all wrong,” Dean excuses.
“I think Charlie got mixed up in all of this because of me,” she admits.
His whole body is lit up with pleasure. Every point of contact with Dean’s body suddenly becomes an erogenous zone, and Castiel can’t get enough. He clings to Dean now, paying no mind to the way his nails dig into Dean’s lower back. If anything, it only serves to encourage him. He pulls back to look Castiel in the eyes, and his pupils are so blown that Castiel can barely see the green surrounding them. “Please,” Castiel begs brokenly. “Please, Dean, I love you so much. You’re my best friend, Dean, ohh—“ he cuts himself off with a whine as his back arches off the bed so that their chests are pressed flush. He knows he’s babbling now, and he has no willpower to stop it. “I never want this with anyone else, please —
As Dean strips the bedding from his mattress, he can't help but think about how this time two days ago, he was broken. He was a shell. He hadn't left the Bunker, and he had no plans to. He can't believe Jack gave them this chance. He sends up a quick prayer of thanks, tells Jack that they all miss him, and gathers up his sheets and blankets to haul them down the corridor of the bunker and into the laundry room. He throws them in the wash and leans against the wall for a moment.
“Let's get you warmed up,” Cas replies, which is as good, if not better than an
I mean it. I want you. I want you, too. You think you can’t have me, Cas, but -- but I think you always have. You’ve -- I mean, you’ve always had me. Even if neither of us knew it.”
“Thought you ‘nd me already got it on inside your head, Cas,” Dean says, breathless. Cas can tell he’s only joking, but it feels like a punch to his gut. He feels awful for it.
“Of course,” Dean says, and he pulls Cas against his chest as they watch TV and Castiel sips his tea. Yes, he thinks. He could get used to this.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whimpers. “Love you, too. Love you so goddamn much, baby. You’re mine, okay? You’re all mine. I’m yours. Nobody else gets this from me, okay?” he promises, leaning down to press their lips together. “‘M not goin’ anywhere, sweetheart. You can stay, Cas. Stay here with me, in my room, in the Bunker. This is your home, Cas, ‘m not making you leave,” Dean says against his mouth, and Castiel squeezes his eyes closed as more tears fall down his cheeks. He feels a couple of Dean’s own tears fall as well, and he nods. He’s so close.
to leave Dean's space. He doesn't really
He also remembers how safe he felt when Dean told him he could stay in the bunker, that it was his home as much as theirs. He remembers leaning into Dean a little more than he normally would when he was wrapped in a hug. He remembers Dean holding on a little longer than normal, squeezing him a little tighter. He remembers the burritos he ate, his first shot of whiskey as a human. He remembers the burn and the warmth and the way Dean inched closer to him the more he drank.
And then Cas is holding on to Dean's hair for dear life and rolling his hips up into his mouth like he'll never experience anything more fantastic. Dean is moaning and grinding down into the mattress every time Cas hits the back of his throat. This is the happiest Dean thinks he's ever been.
Cas puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders and pushes him back, only slightly so he can look at his face. “What happened?” he asks, and Dean is laughing again.
Cas whines, but he doesn’t have to be told twice. He cranes his neck to press their lips together, and Dean sighs into it. Every time he kisses Cas, it feels a little like a religious experience. It’s like — it’s like fuckin’ finding
Sam’s quiet for a second. “Is it… the buddy?” he asks, and it’s so quiet that Dean almost misses it.
“I can handle after,” Dean says softly. “Should I get in with you?”
The weirdest thing about Heaven so far is that Dean’s… younger. He’s not, obviously -- he died at 41, and he’s still technically 41. He just
“Everything, Cas. Words, fingers, both. All of it,” Dean groans, and his dick twitches just once.
The drive back to the motel they’re staying at is silent. It’s tense. They’re both fed up with this stupid, twisted version of a scavenger hunt. They both want to be finished with it more than anything. Of course Dean doesn’t want Cas to go, but — he also doesn’t want to spend every waking moment being reminded of how he’s leaving.
Dean has to give a soft chuckle at that. “Not even long enough to do this?” he says, sitting up to pull his shirt off. While he’s sitting up, he flicks on the lamp that’s on his bedside table, bathing them both in soft, yellow light. Dean’s not sure how Cas could ever be more beautiful than he is right now.
Dean decides, fuck it — the angels are off his back, he’s gonna go sit on the porch and wait. He slips on his boots and reaches for the door handle, but Cas grabs his wrist. “What do you think you’re doing?” he asks.
Cas sighs. “Sorry. I… forget my own strength sometimes. Been working out, or whatever.”
He backtracks after he gets halfway to his room. He swings back around to the kitchen, grabs his favorite bottle of whiskey, the
“No,” Missouri shakes her head, “not like
him -- and turns to walk out of the cabin. The Dean in his arm stirs as Cas tries to quiet his sobs, but he ultimately fails. He’s way too sober for this, he can’t handle this, and he doesn’t want to. He wants the sun to come up, he wants it to be tomorrow so that he can walk straight into a death trap and just be done.
Dean’s eyes well up with tears again, but he nods. “Okay, mommy. I love you,” he whispers, and he holds out his arms to take his baby brother.
He doesn’t recognize the number, but he picks up anyway. “Hello?”
Dean, with his newly-free hand, places it on Cas’ chest, right over his heart. He taps three times. Cas is the one who whines this time, and he has to move. Needs to be closer.
Cas does, eventually, rolling his eyes and scoffing. Dean just smiles fondly at him, he’ll get the hang of it. He directs Cas through testing it on his wrist, which results in Cas smart-mouthing him some more, “Dean, I can tell the exact temperature of the milk in this bottle just by touching it,” he says, rolling his eyes. “Is 98° Fahrenheit too warm?”
At one point, Jack
Cas shrugs. “I’ll probably just be at home. Maybe I’ll watch some of those movies you keep hounding me about,” he teases. He’s talking about the Westerns, he must be. Dean’s probably just going to have to sit down with him and
By the time they arrive in Lawrence, it’s time for lunch. They saved on breakfast this morning, so they can afford something a little more than gas station hot dogs and a bag of chips. Dean pulls into the first diner he sees, and he parks in the back where there aren’t many other cars around so he can lean over and smack a kiss to Cas’ lips. “Good as you look in my clothes, I can’t wait to get you out of ‘em later,” he says, and he punctuates it with a kiss against his jaw. “Let’s eat.”
Dean. And now, you know me, too.”
feel it." Silent tears are streaming down his face, but he doesn't care. Twelve years of watching Cas die and come back to him are finally catching up. There's no apocalypse looming above them, nothing massive to worry about. Dean always knew that his emotions and trauma would catch up to him eventually, it just fucking
He pulls up and they walk inside. Dean stretches his arms up and yawns, suddenly sleepy now that the possibility of going to bed is truly upon him. “I don’t mean to assume,” he starts, “But we’re gonna share the bed, right? I don’t think I can sleep on that thing.” He jerks his thumb over toward the loveseat, giving Cas a soft smile.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says quietly, and he won’t quite meet Dean’s eyes.
“If you want to get technical about it,” Cas says, “Then, me too.”
Right, their room. Of course.
Probably-Brooke is still standing in the doorway looking concerned. “Nice to meet you,” Dean says, trying to haul Cas back into something close to a standing position. “I need to get him in the tub. Can you help?” he asks, and Probably-Brooke rushes over to help support Cas’ weight. Together, they get him into the tub and sitting up against the back wall. “Thanks,” Dean says. “I’m Dean.”
Unfortunately, there is. “He’s been drinking demon blood.”
John Winchester was supposed to be the one to raise him?
Cas rubs up and down on Dean’s back and tries to settle his own heart rate. He takes a few deep breaths. He never thought he’d be allowed the privilege of holding Dean like this again, after Hell.
He takes the towel off of Cas’ shoulders and uses it to ruffle his hair, just to get it to the point where it’s not dripping all over him anymore. When he’s done, he gets to work drying Cas’ body for him, and his own body air dries at the same time. He’s a little cold, but he doesn’t really mind it.
upset him, but it does anyway.
Dean leans down to connect their lips once more, pouring liquid love and adoration right into Castiel’s mouth without uttering a single word. He pushes in slow, gentle, and Castiel gasps into his mouth.
Dean runs a hand through his hair and sighs. "Right, well, dibs on first shower. I'll be fast. Don't sit on the bed all dirty. We both have to sleep there," he grumbles, walking past Cas and toward the bathroom.
“Then let’s go, Dean, let's get you home.”
There’s that stupid lump in his throat again. And, oh, good. His eyes sting a little, too. He nods his head, sitting up in Cas’ lap to slowly start undoing the buttons of his shirt. “Yeah,” he whispers. “Yeah, okay. We should keep it down, though. For Anna’s sake.”
Cas shrugs. “I have… really good circulation?” he says, like he’s asking a question. Dean just rolls his eyes and waits until the air blasting out of the vents of his car is warm before pulling his hands away to drive. He squeezes Cas’ fingers before he does.
It’s Dean who blushes this time. “Always kinda wanted one, y’know? Not easy with this lifestyle. Wasn’t ideal, raising him without you, but…” He trails off, no idea where he was even headed with that sentence. He’s not about to give it away that he’s in love with the guy, not while they’re trapped in the car with Sam.
sooo. this one’s a doozy. longest chapter yet i think, also this is where the explicit rating comes into play. so. sorry, and also you’re welcome. as always i hope u enjoy and feel free to drop me a comment w your thoughts (as long as they’re positive bc i don’t handle criticism well) <3
And you didn't think to, I don't know, wake me up? He was just drinking coffee when I walked in here this morning, I thought maybe he had just gotten back, I-" Sam shakes his head. He turns back to making his sandwich, which actually turns out to be for Dean. He sits it down in front of him, "I was just gonna leave it outside your door, but since you're here," he notes, turning back to actually make his own lunch.
"Okay, Dean. I won't. What do you want to eat? We could go out," Cas says, rubbing his thumb over the top of Dean's hand in what Dean is sure is an attempt to soothe him. It doesn't work. If anything, it just makes his heart pound harder. He still doesn't move his hand. "Sam tells me you haven't left the bunker since I... well."
to make a show out of it, but he figures he must be, if the way Dean is staring up at him says anything.
Cas shakes his head, “I’m fine. Anna healed us both, but you weren’t waking up and we couldn’t figure out
Dean says emphatically, searching for Cas’ hand in the dark. “You— you’ll need lube,” he says, and he’s sure that his face flushes as he does. “There’s some in the drawer of the nightstand.”
With smoke still in his lungs, Cas taps twice on Dean’s bottom lip. Dean’s mouth parts for him as if it was meant to, like it was made to open up to Castiel. Cas leans in close and exhales the smoke into Dean’s mouth, refraining from pressing their lips together. He can’t be sure that this is something that Dean is entirely open to yet, and he wouldn’t want to screw things up for his past self too bad.
liar, I’ll give her that,” she explains.
expecting Cas to just disappear. He can't believe it, doesn't believe it.
praying to him, outside a dinky old motel, by the light of a vending machine.
Dean pauses with his fork halfway to his mouth. He knows his mother. He knows that tone. Cas is about to get
They reach the portal after a while. Dean and Benny do some sort of ritual, and Benny’s soul hitches a ride inside Dean’s forearm. Once he’s in, Cas tries to tell him. Tries to tell him he’s not coming, that Dean has to go on without him, get Benny and (more importantly) himself back home. He wants to tell Dean to say hello to Sam for him, wants to tell Dean that he loves him, too.
for reading!
to get to know you. There’s no way he doesn’t, even if he’s too chickenshit to say it.”
Dean starts with one of the smaller, more shallow cuts, and Cas just flinches. That’s good, because it’ll only get worse with the bigger gashes. He moves on, cleaning each slice through Cas’ flesh methodically, making sure none of them are still dirty. By the time he’s done, none of them are even bleeding any longer, except for the one on his throat. That still worries him.
“Right,” Dean starts. “I don’t even -- God, there’s so
He’s halfway up the steps to Cas’ apartment when he sees Cas at the top of them, looking disheveled and about half out of his mind with concern. It shouldn’t make Dean smile, but it does.
Cas can probably hear it.
In under a minute, Dean is spilling over Cas’ knuckles. Cas talks him through it, telling him how well he did, how proud he is. This is the Dean he fell in love with. This is the Dean that he misses, every second of every day. The farther Dean strayed from the man sitting in his lap, the emptier Cas began to feel.
The three of them had all gotten their fair shares of being thrown around tonight. Sam had gotten thrown into a wall, they’re all pretty sure he’s mildly concussed. Dean got pinned to the floor by some unseen force, splayed out and vulnerable, and it had scared Cas half to death.
They’re just…
They walk through the cold to Dean’s car together, feet dragging through a couple of inches of freshly-fallen snow. It must have happened while they were in class. It’s still coming down, but it’s not heavy, and it’s not enough to make the roads slick, at least not yet. Dean’s hoping for an excuse to have Cas sleep over. He can just see it now:
“Dean,” he sighs, one hand over his chest. He’s breathing a little harder than normal, but there’s an embarrassed little smile on his face that makes Dean feel as smug as ever. “I thought you’d still be asleep. You startled me,” he says.
“How did we meet?” Dean asks him, completely oblivious to the fact that it’s a very long, sad story.
Dean takes his face in both hands then, looking straight into his eyes. “Cas. I know,” he says, and there’s enough weight to it that Castiel comes close to believing him. “You said after. We’ll talk, okay? Right now, I want you to come back over here and let me take care of you.”
“God, I hope you can hear me.”
Cas jogs to catch up to him once he’s down the stairs, and he places a comforting hand in the middle of Dean’s back. “What happened?” he asks, in that sleepy, too-rough tone his voice has every morning when he wakes up.
Dean’s breathing picks up. Cas sees it more than he hears it. Dean’s chest is rising and falling rapidly. “You are so fuckin’
“That’s a funny name,” Dean says with a snort. “How ‘bout I just call you Cas?”
“No, it’s his turn to drive. You’re stuck with me. Or Garth, I guess, if you want. No Bobby, though, sorry,” Charlie says, and Dean can hear the smirk in her voice and see her shrugging in his mind.
it feels weird to use his full name. "I can't believe you, you've betrayed me!" He exclaims, over-animating himself on purpose. He dips the sponge back into the soapy water and walks up to Cas, pressing it directly against his chest. The water drains out of the sponge and effectively soaks Cas' entire chest and most of the front of his pants.
to wear these to the party?” he groans.
Eventually, it’s Dean to break the kiss and pull away. Their bodies have mostly air dried by that point, but Dean grabs an extra robe from a cabinet inside the bathroom and wraps it around Castiel’s shoulders anyway. Castiel slips his arms into the sleeves as Dean reaches behind him to grab both ends of the tie. He folds one side of the robe over the other and ties it for him, before he takes his own robe off of its designated hook and slips it on his own body. He takes Castiel’s hand and leads him through the halls of the bunker, and toward his own room.
and Castiel reaches out to swipe his thumbs over the flushed skin. He smiles, wide and sincere, and leans forward to kiss him again. Just because he can.
Dean pulls up to the curb outside Missouri’s house and lets the car idle for a second. “If she’s — if she’s the real deal, she’s — uh, she’s gonna know,” he says. “About us. She’ll probably be able to tell. So just — maybe you should wait here?” he says.
Dean helps him stand up off the lip of the tub so he can strip him. He starts with Cas’ shirt, slowly maneuvering his arms inside of it and then pulling it over his head so that Cas doesn’t have to stretch his abdomen out too much by lifting his arms. That could potentially rip the scabs open, and nobody wants that. He moves next to Cas’ pants, untying the drawstring of the sweats and letting them fall to the floor. He holds on to Cas’ forearms so he can stay steady as he steps out of them, and then Dean does the same with his boxers.
Dean’s a little surprised about that. “Sure
Water sloshes onto the floor as he twists and nearly
He watches Dean swallow, sees him visually deflate. He hauls Cas up off his knees and kisses him slow and deep, and Cas imagines that he can probably taste himself. Cas groans into the kiss, wrapping one of his hands around Dean’s spit-slick cock. “Let me make you feel good.”
“It is?” Cas asks, and then his hand flies to his throat. That
“Dean, it’s Saturday,” Sam reminds him.
“Sam will be another minute. You okay today?” Dean asks, and the same concern from last night is in his voice again. It makes Cas angrier, somehow. He’s tired of being jerked around and trying to figure out what Dean wants from him.
Dean barks out a laugh at that. “You’re a dick,” he says, and he suddenly very much wishes he could look Cas in the face right now. “Can I come to bed?” he asks, once the laughter has subsided.
His cock sits between them, the tip leaving a slick spot in the middle of Dean’s belly. He rocks his hips, chasing the slick slide of his cockhead and grinding down onto Dean at the same time. Dean tilts his head to get a better angle, and he kisses Cas breathless. Cas becomes completely pliant in his arms, somehow this Dean has already got the hang of their usual rhythm.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly and traipses over to the fridge to grab a carton of eggs. Dean cracks four of them into the pan with the leftover bacon grease and puts a lid on top of the pan so that the tops of the eggs cook, too. Dean grabs the bread from the pantry himself and pops 4 slices in the toaster. By the time the toast is done, the eggs will be, too, and they can eat.
Dean smiles into the skin of his lover’s hip, Castiel feels it. “Think you’re ready?” he finally asks, after what feels like hours.
Cas makes a noise of surprise into his mouth, but then --
“Stay here,” Dean says. “Just gonna get you some fresh boxers. Then we’ll get you into bed and finish bandaging you.”
Cas whines at that, his hand sliding down to cup the back of Dean’s neck and tip his head forward for a different angle, and
Dean inhales sharply, rolling his hips up into the contact. “Lube,” he gasps. “Do you have lube here?”
Cas nods, and Dean feels it. “I know. I’m so sorry, Dean. I… I’m not healing,” he says quietly.
Anna nods her head, holds up a tiny jar that glows so bright that it’s a little bit hard for Dean to look directly at. “She got this back for me. It’s definitely mine, too. I can tell. Cas trusts her, right? We should too.”
Cas smiles against his neck, he feels it. “Could I… um,” Cas pauses, his hand slowing. “With my mouth?” he asks, and Dean nearly comes just from the thought of it.
Dean takes a breath. This is all
In the end, it only takes Cas thirty five minutes to drive what probably should have taken him a full hour. He parks outside the motel and rushes up the stairs to the room number Sam had texted him while he had been driving. He pounds on the door, desperate to see Dean alive and breathing. He nearly breaks it down when it doesn’t immediately swing open.
him. Was it true? Yeah, absolutely. Dean thinks he's probably been fucked since the moment Cas laid a hand on him in Hell. But he'd only let himself acknowledge it
“Thank
is he looking back at Cas right now. “Should I have kissed someone else, Dean?” he asks, too quietly.
Dean laughs. “Seeya, Charlie.”
"Hello, Dean."
Right as Cas looks his demise in the eyes, Dean is there, just like he said. He’s swinging his blade, beheading the Leviathan that has a grip on Cas. He makes quick work of the other one, and Dean helps him up.
He turns his gaze to Sam, who has begun laughing uncontrollably. Cas wishes now that he still had his wings so he could disappear from this situation entirely.
you see her?”
He’d opened up Winchester Auto Repair about a year and a half ago, on the outskirts of Marion, Indiana. There’s a lot of shops around here, chains — a shitload of Meineke’s, Midas, Walmarts with Auto Care Centers — but a surprising amount of people will pay a little more for someone who knows what they’re doing, cares about it, and is friendly while they do it.
than worth it.
besides Cas and what may or may not be happening to him while Dean sits on his ass, completley and utterly useless. Anna guides him to the table, sits him down, and places a stack of french toast in front of him. “Just a few bites,” she pleads. “You didn’t touch your dinner last night. You have to eat.”
Dean nods. “I know,” he says. “Doesn’t make it any easier right now, though.” He throws the car into reverse and backs out of his parking space, and he heads in the direction of Missouri’s place
“Who should I have kissed instead of Meg?”
Cas cuts him off, laying both of his palms on either side of his face. "Dean."
He pauses before he opens his bedroom door and notes that his hands are shaking. He takes a deep breath and breaks the barrier separating him and the rest of the Bunker - possibly Cas - and opens his door. His legs feel like lead as he makes his way into the kitchen, where he finds Sam and Cas making lunch. Dean hadn't checked the time before leaving his bedroom, but he figures he's slept into at least early afternoon. "What time is it?" he manages, his voice still laced with sleep.
Cas looks like he’s about to cry, and Dean’s so angry at the world that he almost wants to let Lucifer back out of the cage and let him burn it all to the ground. Dean won’t meet Cas’ eyes, because really, he hadn’t been joking.
Cas nods at him and pulls his bottom lip between his teeth as he wraps a hand around himself. "I'll be here," Cas breathes, not breaking eye contact with Dean as his hand moves up and down.
“You already said that.”
without them, Cas, and you don’t
There’s a lump in Dean’s throat that he can’t make himself speak around, and a black hole inside his stomach growing bigger and blacker with each passing second that he can’t force himself to beg Cas to stay. “Let me come,” he finally says. “Just let me come with you.”
They drive in silence for a while longer, and Dean wonders what other things Cas hasn’t done. He wonders what things he could take Cas to do, what things he could help Cas experience for the first time. Cas hadn’t even kissed anybody until the party, and Dean wonders if he’s ever even been on a date. If he’s held someone’s hand, played footsie under a greasy diner table.
As it turns out, Dean wakes up first. He’s worried for all of ten seconds until he registers that Cas is snoring softly where his head is still on Dean’s shoulder. Dean can feel that his shoulder is wet from Cas’ drool, and it makes him smile. Their hands are exactly where Dean had left them. He’d better change that before Cas wakes up.
Every day he wakes up thankful for the dark haired man with unnaturally blue eyes that agreed to have shitty coffee with him in a campus Starbucks.
Dean always catches him with that look on his face, ever since he got back. Cas looks at him and treats him like he’s about to break, even though Cas is the one that got tortured within an inch of his life and had his grace ripped out just a few days ago. Dean imagines that Cas is still probably in some sort of shock or denial or
After
They pass the joint back and forth in silence for a while, and Cas notices Dean slowly relax into him. Once the joint is so small that it starts to burn the tips of his fingers, Cas leans over Dean to put it out in the ashtray on the table next to the bed. He forgets for a moment, that he’s technically never touched
She doesn’t love to be hugged or coddled or touched at
He thinks back to sitting on the couch with Cas. Maybe this wasn’t so hopeless.
The smile Dean gives him makes Cas swear that just for one moment, he can see Dean’s soul shine through. It forces him to mirror the enthusiasm of it on his own face. He can’t help it. He misses being able to see Dean’s soul. That’s the one thing he misses most about being an angel.
Cas shakes his head, and he puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder.”I mean it. Nothing has to change,” he says, and then he shakily starts to remove his hand from where he’s making contact with Dean. Perhaps this makes Dean uncomfortable now? Cas will just have to be more careful about touching him now. That’s fine — it’s just an adjustment. One he’ll gladly make, except, Dean’s fingers curl around his wrist
at him.
He shakes himself out of that train of thought, mentally whacking himself. Not the fucking time. He starts up his car, grins at the way she groans beneath his touch, and sets off in the direction of the address Cas had given him.
“So, yes,” Cas answers for him, and Dean pinches his side teasingly.
He’s taken to calling Cas that, now. It’s what he feels like, most days. He feels like a grieving widower who’s lost the love of his life, so that’s what he calls Cas, even if it’s only in his own mind. There’s no ring on his finger, and there wasn’t one on Cas’ when he died, but that doesn’t matter. Cas was his life partner and his best friend. There was never a time, ever since he met Cas, that he thought the guy wouldn’t be in his life anymore.
He makes breakfast, Cas’ favorite. French toast. He cuts up some of Cas’ favorite fruits, lets him pour as much syrup on the damn french toast as he wants. He serves the fruit in a small bowl on the side, which makes Cas smile up at him and pop a slice of strawberry into his mouth. He picks up another and holds it to Dean’s lips.
In the end, it’s Dean. “I lied,” he says.
“I’ve been in your head more than once,” Cas says nonchalantly, just as Jack finally lets out a soft burp. He steps forward and holds his arms out, asking for his son back. Dean smooths down the hair on his head and presses a kiss to the side of his face and hands him back to Cas.
Cas settles in for a night of listening to the sounds of Dean breathing, a constant reminder that he’s safe.
before he can face Cas. He sits down at the table and downs the rest of his beer in one go, and then pours himself another cup of coffee. He sits at the table as he sips it,  lost in thought.
This is where Dean’s allowed to let his guard down. Somehow, nobody else in this house knows him the way Cas does. Aside from Brooke, he’s known Cas the least amount of time. But nobody else in this house has looked at his soul. Nobody else has
There aren’t enough words to describe how good it feels to finally have his hands all over Cas; to finally be
;) as always you can find me on tumblr @mishastits
“Anna’s grace,” Dean answers, and Cas’ hand freezes. It grips him. Then there’s a mouth covering his own, overgrown stubble brushing against his own, and the hand on his waist is pulling him closer. That isn’t exactly the reaction he’d been expecting, but he’s not going to deny Cas or himself a post-coital make-out session, even if they
So, Dean screws his eyes shut and feels around for Cas. Cas takes his wrist, and Dean uses that to trail his hand down to wrap around his waist again. Dean hauls him up easily enough. He tries very hard not to think about Cas' naked hip pressed against him where they're pressed together. It doesn’t work.
He pulls back from Cas, (who makes his displeasure known through a whine) and plays with the waistband of his boxers. "Can I?" he asks, suddenly shy.
He massages the shampoo into Cas’ scalp for a while longer than he would his own as well, because he knows how good it feels to have someone else scratching at your scalp and getting it clean. He lathers it through Cas’ hair for a while, trying not to let the sounds that Cas makes go straight to his dick. It works, for the most part, and soon enough he’s dunking his hands into the water to get them clean of the suds and picking the cup back up. He shields Cas’ eyes again and pours the water over his head, making sure to get all of the soap out of it before he removes his hand.
Dean thinks, and Jack burrows his head into Dean’s chest.
“Hey,” Dean says, all the cockiness gone from his voice. The edges of his voice are softer now, and Castiel doesn’t look up to see Dean move, but he hears the water slosh and then there’s a finger hooked beneath his chin, tilting his face up. He can only imagine how pathetic he looks, kneeling in front of Dean in a bath of water that’s murky once more and starting to grow cold. He’s right back where he started. “I know that,” Dean says, surprising him once more. “I know, Cas.”
But I got over it after about a week. Just missed you, then.”
Cas slips his thumbs beneath the hem of Dean’s t-shirt and smiles into the kiss. “Thank you,” he says softly. His stomach rumbles, and they both look down at it with goofy grins on their faces. They have the same fight twice a week, and every time, it’s forgotten after only a few minutes.
Dean stands up and starts pacing the length of his living room. “Nowhere. I just need to drive. I need—“ he groans in frustration and runs his fingers through his own hair. He needs to feel his car humming beneath him, around him. He needs to drive her until he can’t think about anything else, crank the stereo and drown out his thoughts. “Are you coming or not?” he asks, and it comes out harsher than he means for it to, but he
Cas dozes off somewhere between Dean kissing his neck and his collarbone, his body still exhausted from the bone from all the healing it has to do.
Dean’s not fucking buying it. There isn’t really anything he can do about it now though, so he pushes the bottle of vodka against Cas’ chest. “Then loosen the fuck up,” he says.
that you absolutely
"Guess we didn't need a double, after all, huh?" Dean asks, leaning forward to kiss Cas again as they lay together.
Cas nods. “You should know, Dean, she’s expecting this. At Christmas, I told her. I told her everything I just told you. She knows, and I think your brother does, as well. I think that may be what set this whole thing in motion,” he says.
He’s going to change things. He’s never going to let Cas become what he was in that twisted version of 2014. Dean has no idea where 2014 will find them, but he does know one thing.
He’s witnessed Dean tear off the head of a vampire with his bare hands when his machete couldn’t quite get the job done. He’s watched Dean sharpen that exact machete with a look of such peace displayed over his features. He finds comfort in the monotony. He’s seen Dean as a demon, and he’s seen Dean possessed by an angel. Over the last decade and some change, Castiel has seen a thousand iterations of Dean Winchester. He loves each one more than the last.
Well, fuck. He hadn’t meant to sleep this late, but it’s literally Saturday. Sue him for not setting an alarm.
And half an hour later, when Dean slides into him, everything is perfect again. Cas isn't sure how he ever lived without this before he remembers that he didn't. He never has. Not as long as he's been a human, anyways. As Dean slides home again and again, Cas whines and writhes beneath him.
“Uh, guys? Sorry to break up the love-fest, but can somebody tell me what the
Cas hits something inside of him that he’s never been able to reach with just his fingers. He knows what it is, he took high school biology. That doesn’t mean he’s prepared for how it
“Gonna go keep watch,” Dean explains, jerking a thumb over his shoulder. “Let me know if you need anything.”
Cas does, and then he sits next to Dean on the bed so close that their legs are pressed together. Dean flips open his laptop, opens Netflix, and hits play on whatever he sees first. They watch and eat in comfortable silence, stealing glances back and forth every few seconds with their mouths full and their hearts fuller.
Dean smiles at him and reaches for a washcloth — one of the soft, fluffy ones, not one that’s gonna be too rough when he wipes it across the cuts on his stomach. “I missed you, too, Cas. And I love you, and I know you love me back. Quit talking and save your energy. This isn’t gonna feel good,” he says, and he dips the washcloth into the water.
“I love you,” Dean confirms, and he steps forward again. “And if you want me, I’m yours. We got forever, though. Like, eternity, from what I understand, so if you need to take some time to decide, I --”
Mary sighs. “I know. I’m sorry. We’ll… try again tomorrow.”
without the clinginess. After a few seconds, he pries himself out of Garth’s grip and leans forward with his elbows on the table in front of him, looking square at Charlie. “So where’s the party? What time do I have to be there?”
Nothing like a little good ol’ fashioned roll in the hay to take your mind off the end of the world.
He’s gonna be sick.
Dean smiles at that. “Yeah? That feel good?” he asks, using one hand to grab at his wings while the other one holds Cas’ head in place against his neck. Cas keeps thrusting inside of him, and the friction of Dean’s cock being trapped between their bellies pushes him closer to the edge every time.
Not that
Jack nods in understanding but doesn’t say anything else. He’s somber again, but he doesn’t have that glazed-over look in his eyes that he gets when he’s staring at the nightlight. He just looks… sad. Not depressed down to his bones, but sad. Like he should be, like he has every right to be. Dean’s sad, too, but he really thinks this will help him. He really thinks it’ll help both of them.
She just rolls her eyes at him. “Yes,
his dad says, and something else breaks. He hears something thump, but he’s not sure what. “You can’t do anything right, you know that?” He hears a smack. “Not a
Dean clings to his mother, and she rubs his back. “I just want you to be happy,” she says into his hair, and he pulls himself closer to her.
Well that — that just
No, he brings Dean in, wraps one arm around his shoulders, and keeps the other on the back of his neck as he holds him close. He feels Dean’s arms wrap around his middle, feels Dean settle into his arms and nudge at his neck with his nose.
“No, you deserve to know. I was the one prodding around in your head. Which, again, sorry.” Dean winces, but he continues, “And then the… the dinner. I saw a little bit of that. And I saw myself hug you, and I… you looked so happy, man.
“Demons?” Dean asks. Angels don’t sound all that scary, he supposed, but
“They do,” Cas says. “I think they bled me of my grace, Dean. I… can’t feel it. I thought that I wasn’t healing because they were cutting me with angel blades, but…” he trails off, moves his head so he can look Dean in the eyes. “I’m human, Dean.”
Dean nods. “I’m glad you’re not going home to those dicks.”
Dean swallows. Cas had been right—he’s tired. The rest of it can wait. It can all wait until tomorrow. “Can we go to bed?” he asks.
The reaction he gets from Cas every single time he says it is all the more reason to say it as often as it pops into his head. His eyes fill with wonder and awe, and he gets this tiny little smile on his face that Dean doesn’t even think he’s aware of. “You overwhelm me,” Cas whispers, and he presses their lips together again. “I love you, too.”
Cas thinks for a moment. That's right, of course. Dean and Sam's surprise dinner guest. Of course. "You're really not going to tell me who it is?"
Anna scoffs from over on the couch. “Show-off,” she mouths, but the corner of her mouth is upturned and there’s no heat behind her words.
“Castiel never quite knew what to make of Dean. He still doesn’t, sometimes. Most of the time. But he knows, at least, that Dean thinks of him as a friend. A best friend, even. And if that is all Castiel could ever have from Dean, he was content with that. He was glad to have Dean’s trust. He was grateful that Dean placed his faith in him over and over, even when he did not deserve it.
They sit on the motel bed together, the air thick with silence aside from both of them breathing, slow and steady. Cas jumps a little when Dean stands up abruptly and starts to stretch.
“You’re so—“ Dean cuts himself off, sucking Cas’ bottom lip into his mouth, “—fuckin’
So, Dean’s on popcorn duty.
thoughts straight into the rest of his brain. In order to figure out his feelings about Cas, he first had to confront the fact that he even liked men in general at all.
drunk,” he says. “Could drive home if I waited another hour, but I’d rather get home.” It’s not true, but Cas doesn’t have to know that.
and Dean reads
“Good,” Cas whispers in his ear, and he rubs his palm over the head of Dean’s cock a few times. “We are
Cas gasps as Dean’s lips curl around his thumb, but Dean only hums. Cas seems to remember all at once that Dean actually asked him something. “You think your friends would leave me out of whatever they have planned for your birthday?” he asks, his thumb still in Dean’s mouth.
“Shut them!” Anna yells, and she falls to her knees. Dean’s eyes start to burn and water before he finally forces them closed, throwing his arm over the top of them for good measure. There’s a high pitched ringing in the air that he hadn’t noticed until his eyes were closed, but it’s growing louder with every passing second. He thinks maybe Anna is screaming, beneath all the ringing. He can’t tell. Maybe the ringing
Dean runs a hand through his hair and sits back in the rickety old kitchen chair that could probably collapse underneath him at any second. “Right, okay. Well, if we go out, at least we go out swingin’.”
He’s excited to see his mom, of course he is, and Sam too. Underneath the excitement though, fear bubbles up and burns the back of his throat like bile. He and Cas exit the car and decide that they can come back out here later to haul their things inside. They walk to the door hand-in-hand, and Dean raises a fist to knock on the door.
Dean leans back against his headboard, drawing his knees close to his chest and resting his elbows on them.
He leans on Jack, and he lets Jack lean on him, and he takes a deep breath.
Dean nods his head. “I know,” he replies. “Love you, too.”
Cas laughs, but it’s bitter and empty. “No, Dean. You didn’t do
His mom had gotten called into work a little over an hour ago, and Sam went to hang out with his friends to ring in the new year, so it’s just Dean and Cas at the house now. They sit in front of the TV, side by side, waiting for the ball to drop. Dean’s got one arm slung around Cas’ shoulder, and Cas is watching the TV, but Dean’s only looking at Cas.
Dean still prays to him at nine every evening during their trek to the portal. It’s something quiet, private, just for them. He talks to Cas a lot, too, but he goes quiet every night at nine. It makes Cas smile, but then it just makes him sad. He knows he won’t be able to hear Dean’s prayers when he’s back on Earth.
Cas reaches up and cups the back of Dean's neck, kissing him deeply. Dean can basically feel the love pouring out of him through his lips. He makes a soft noise of surprise but returns the same enthusiasm that Cas is giving him. Dean's hands pull Cas close to him by his waist. He wraps one arm all the way around his back, and he wants to
Sam picks up on the third ring. “Hello?” he says. He sounds tired.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas wakes up as they’re pulling into the garage at the bunker, something inside of him aware that he’s home. He doesn’t immediately open his eyes or move, because he doesn’t want to be awake. He wants to go back to his peacefully dreamless sleep. He wants to put a pause on consciousness today, he’s really not feeling it.
Sam sighs. "I don't know. I really want to wait until morning, Dean. I don't like this."
Dean gets it, really, he does. He knows that Sam’s always been softer than he is, and that’s not a bad thing. In fact, if he thinks about it, it’s not even that true. Sam just doesn’t shove it as deep down inside of himself as he can, so he doesn’t have to look at it. If anything, Dean thinks that makes him stronger in a lot of ways.
look, but damn. He is. He can't help it. He looked that way even before Dean kicked him out.
Dean walks over to Sam’s crib and peeks in. He’s stopped crying, but Dean can see wetness on his face. He leans down to wipe it off. “I’ll keep you safe, Sammy. I’ll always keep you safe,” he says. “You don’t need to cry. I’ll keep you safe.”
Dean backs off then, nodding his head. “Yeah, yeah. Sorry. You’re right.”
Dean grins and nods his head, pushing the haphazardly wrapped presents into Cas’ lap. “Sorry if you don’t like them. You’re hard to shop for, you know?”
Castiel shakes his head. The water has already started to grow murky again. He hadn’t gotten himself completely clean last time, because the water had gotten dirty so fast that it stopped cleaning him after the first few minutes. “No, I’m not,” he admits, regardless of how little he wants to. Lying to Dean in this state would be futile. He looks and feels pathetic.
Eventually, a shiver runs through Dean's body. He's cooled off after their... activities, and he's
Sam’s bouncing his leg on the other end of the couch and biting at his fingernails like he’s waiting for Dean to stand up and start yelling at him, calling him all sorts of names and disowning him as a brother or something. Instead, Dean takes a moment to swap places with Cas so he can throw and arm around his little brother’s shoulders.
He turns around and repositions so he’s in Dean’s lap in the tub, running his thumbs across the thousands of star patterns he’d laid into his skin. Dean doesn’t even know. He doesn’t know that his skin contains entire galaxies. He doesn’t know that he’s so loved, that he always has been, and that he always will be. His eyes drift down to gaze across his neck, the neck that he plans to mark up and lay his claim. It’s less permanent than the handprint he had branded into his skin, but it’ll do in a pinch. He can always make more. His eyes travel down to where Dean’s cock still stands at attention between his legs, and his eyes flick back up to Dean’s instantly. “Should I?” he asks, but he’s already reaching to wrap a hand around Dean.
this. But then he remembers how everything felt in the dream, how different everything was. He remembers how much of it was missing. He missed this, the first time. He couldn’t remember it in the dream, but he’s experiencing it now. He gets to take Dean apart and put him back together all over again. He knows this is real. He can feel the solid warmth of Dean below him and he knows that this is real.
But Cas didn’t care. He still doesn’t. He’ll take sole responsibility and accept whatever consequences the cosmos decides to reign down on him. To keep Dean safe, he’d do it over and over again. No hesitation.
looked happy. I hated to take that from you.”
They're doing well.
Cas has been holding his breath, not quite on purpose, so he makes a decision, because it’s not like any of this will matter tomorrow, anyways. He’ll either die tomorrow, or he won’t exist if Dean changes something when he goes back. So really, it doesn’t matter at all. He remembers how he felt about Dean in 2009, remembers wanting things that he wasn’t allowed to, feeling things that he wasn’t made to feel.
“So good, Cas. A little too good. One or the other, man, but not both. Can’t take it,” Dean admits. “Besides, I wanna feel you. I wanna feel it. All of it.”
Dean trails kisses up the underside of his cock, and he moans the second his lips make contact with the skin there. Castiel’s breath hitches and he summons every ounce of willpower he possesses in order to not grind into the touch. He lets Dean make his way to the head, whines when Dean’s tongue dips into the slit.
Jack follows Dean out to the Impala and they climb in together, and then they head out to the closest place Dean’s sure he can buy some flowers.
Dean nods. He listens. He waits. He watches Sammy. He sings him a lullaby, and Sam falls asleep holding onto his finger.
Cas is still waiting on him to continue.
Mary nods her head where it’s tucked beneath her oldest son’s chin and she squeezes him around the middle once before she pulls back. “You’re right,” she says. “You pretty much already claimed the attic, so everyone else can pick whatever free rooms they want. I assume you and Cas are sharing, and there’s enough rooms for everyone else to have their own.”
since the last time he did that, and he’s starting to feel a little lightheaded. He wants to punch Cas in the jaw, tell him he’s a fucking bastard, he’s a shitty fucking person for doing this to him. For making him fall in love only to throw whatever the fuck
Mary smiles at him, the same kind, gentle smile she’s always given him. “Of course it’s fine. You know I always cook too much anyways,” she says. “Well what’d you leave him in the car for? Let’s get him inside.”
“Cas?” he whispers.
Bobby’s voice startles him so much that he whacks his head on the hood of the car he had been elbow-deep in a few moments ago. He stands up straight and rubs at it, frowning at Bobby. “Yeah, KU, I think. I got my acceptance letter yesterday,” he says.
Dean groans and surges forward again, dipping his tongue into Cas’ mouth like it belongs there. He acts as if it might kill him not to.
“Jesus, Cas,” he whines. He tries to squirm away, but all he really does is grind down on his tongue where it’s slipped past the ring of muscle, starting to stretch him the tiniest bit with only the tip. “Isn’t that— aren’t you grossed out?” he asks.
He takes Cas in hand. Water isn’t the best lube in the world, but it’ll do for a shower handjob. He twists his wrist in the right way, in the way he knows leaves Cas shaking in his arms. He mouths at Cas’ neck, pressing kisses against bruises that already exist there. Cas’ hand curls around his hip, holding on like he’s afraid Dean might slip away. “Not goin’ anywhere,” Dean reminds him, and he pumps his hand a little faster when he hears Cas’ breathing pick up.
He used to
Dean sighs and he wraps his hands around Cas’ wrists. He pulls them away from his own body and turns around, sticking Cas’ hands at his own side. “They’re not coming back,” he says with finality. “I’m not
Dean and Sam both nod, too tired to be enthusiastic. Dean picks up his backpack and Sam’s, carrying them both back home. They live right next door to Bobby and Ellen, so it’s not that big of a deal to carry the extra weight.
Cas laughs at him, hitting him on the shoulder. “You’re insufferable,” he teases, one hand on the small of Dean’s back to guide him to the door.
to the drunkenness.
“Don’t be, Dean. It’s okay.”
She smiles at him, and she almost look sad. “Look,” she says in a hushed tone. “I — I can’t give you the fresh pie for free. But we’re about to throw the blueberry one out, and it’ll go to waste if someone doesn’t eat it. Let me send you home with a couple of slices.”
Cas looks concerned, “I had a lot of fun, Dean. Did I not seem like it?” he asks.
Dean nods. “I mean it.”
He chokes back tears as he tugs a little at Cas’ wing. “Cas,” he whispers. “I’m ready. C’mere, angel. C’mon,” he says, turning his face into the pillow so that maybe Cas won’t see him cry.
Cas reaches out to trail his fingertips over Dean’s bicep, shuffling closer as to tangle their legs. “Sometime around that first party you took me to,” he admits.
“I know. Me either.”
Dean presses a hand against his own chest to stop his heart from racing. That’s the first time Cas has used an emoticon in the (almost) month Dean’s known him. It shouldn’t make his heart beat so hard it feels like it might jump out of his chest, but it does.
he thinks. He hasn’t heard that one in a long while. He pulls up off of Dean for only a moment, and then he sinks back down. He bobs his head for a while, occasionally stopping to hold Dean in the back of his throat and swallow around him. This always earns him an especially loud groan, one that he would
The first seven hours of his day are completely uneventful. He gets up, takes a shower, brushes his teeth, and gets dressed. He doesn’t really feel like doing his hair, and he knows he looks hot in a beanie, so he throws on his trusty Carhart and grins at himself in the mirror. His jeans are black and are pretty distressed, with holes all the way up to the middle of his thighs. They’re frayed and torn and they fit him just how he likes. They’re comfortable, he looks hot in them, and they’ve got enough holes in them that they won’t be too warm. He throws on one of his what feels like
Dean sighs and puts his spoon down in his bowl. It makes a soft
There’s a silver band burning a hole in the pockets of his swim trunks.
Dean laughs. “Bitch.”
Dean’s already asleep by then.
Dean smiles right back at him, and his eyes well up again. He drops his forehead to Cas’ knee after making sure there’s no bruising there, and he trails his hand up and down the back of Cas’ calf. “God, I fuckin’ missed you, Cas.”
Dean does. Cas loves it. It’s wonderful how well Dean listens.
Cas reaches out to touch Dean’s chest, trailing it all the way down and over until he reaches the handprint on his hip. “Is it wrong that I’m happy this stayed after I lost my grace?” he whispers, pressing his hand to fit the print perfectly. “Even if I’m not an angel anymore, you’re still mine. This is proof,” he whispers.
of anything on his face where the warmth of Cas’ hands had been a split second ago. Cas is still smiling. Fucking
Dean wakes up sweaty and tangled around another body.
He swallows the last bite of his sandwich and wipes his mouth on a napkin that Dean had provided. “What did you see?” he’s asking, before he can think to stop himself.
“That sounds fine, Dean.”
Mary clears her throat and sits up straight, which makes Dean slow his chewing with part of a noodle still sticking out of his mouth. He sucks it up and finishes his bite, and it feels thicker going down his throat than the last one had. “I need to talk to you about something. All of you,” his mother says, folding her hands in her lap.
He runs his hands through Dean's hair, scratching lightly at his scalp. He loves the way Dean's hair has grown, loves to run his fingers through it and bury his nose in it. He likes twirling it around his fingers and tugging on it while they kiss. And Dean likes it too, as far as Cas can tell. He always pulls these contented little hums from the back of Dean's throat when he plays with it. Dean's doing it now, actually, as Cas washes his hair.
Since that’s not something he does anymore.
there’s only so much information he can stuff into his own brain before all of it starts leaking back out. He doesn’t think he could retain anything else right now if he tried. Which, he is. He’s trying. It’s not fucking working.
They moved out of the bunker about three years ago. They kept on hunting for a while, but they always talked about what it would be like to leave. They talked about what their life would be like ten years from now, twenty. Fifty, if they made it that long. They’ve even talked about what happens when they die, spending eternity together in Heaven.
right? Not that it matters, it’s a stupid thought to have. Everybody blinks.
Dean swallows and nods, helping Cas up off the ground to sit next to him on the couch again. Cas opens his arms, and Dean knows that this is technically about to turn into cuddling, but sue him. He’d like a little comfort after whatever the hell just happened. He leans into Cas, tucking his face into his neck. “Thanks,” he says softly. Time for a subject change, he doesn’t want to dwell on this or what it means any longer. “So you really don’t have anything to do for Christmas?” he asks, rubbing slow circles into Cas’ waist to soothe himself more than anything.
Dean shoots straight up when he opens his eyes, gasping for air like he'd been drowning on dry land only seconds ago. His eyes immediately find Cas' still-asleep form laying next to him. His chest is still rising and falling, so that's a good sign.
Sam sighs audibly, and Dean can hear the rumble of the Impala over it. He picks up his gun and flashlight and hauls ass through the woods, til he comes to the road where Sam parked the car originally. He starts walking up the gravel backroad, his feet tired and sore. He's sweaty and he's caked in dirt and he just fucking want to be back at the motel. He wants to get inside Cas' head and pull him out. He should have brought it with him, so he could do it in the car. They don't have a lot of time before Cas' insides liquefy.
Every time Cas kisses him like this, Dean feels like his insides turn to jelly. His fingertips go tingly, and he tries to get close enough to crawl inside his skin. He’s never felt this for anyone in his life, didn’t know it was
"How about these? You gonna sleep in these?" Dean asks, snapping the waistband of Cas' boxers against the skin of his hip. "You usually don't, but you insisted last night. I couldn't wrestle 'em off your drunk ass," he laughs.
Dean trails behind him. He’d planned to do it now, get it all out on the table so Cas could decide if he wanted to come home to the bunker with them, or if Dean needed to buy him a bus ticket to get the hell outta dodge, which would have been perfectly understandable. It’s alright though, he can wait as long as he needs to wait to tell Cas. With a little bit of luck, he’ll actually be able to catch Cas alone sometime tonight after Sammy heads to bed and the kid’s been put down for the night. Even if Cas insists on holding the baby through the night, Dean knows how to keep his voice low enough as to not wake a baby. He’ll find time.
"Yeah. I mean, both. It's both. I still like women. But I like men, too. Just as much," Dean admits. He's worried, why has Cas stopped touching him? Why can't he read his face? He's never seen this expression on Cas before.
He finds himself stealing glances at Cas a lot more often than he normally allows himself to. He’s always aware of Cas’ presence in a room, always reminding himself not to look, not to stare. He can’t help the way he gravitates toward Cas. Not when Cas looks like
he thinks.
He wants it, and he can, so he does.
Cas puts ketchup on his hashbrowns, and it makes Dean grin. If the guy was an angel for millions of years, Dean can only imagine that it was himself who taught that to Cas. And when he finishes them and douses his pancakes in syrup, only to dip his sausage into the sticky sweetness that’s run off the pancakes — Dean
Cas lets go.
Sliding out of his lap, Cas digs into his spaghetti in record time. Dean’s never seen him so excited to eat, but then again, he’s been too weak to eat an entire meal up until about yesterday. And yesterday, they’d been on the road most of the day, so all he got was a few McDonald’s burgers and some fries that weren’t even fresh.
“Better than okay. Just haven’t exactly done this before.”
He can feel Cas smile against his lips. “I love you, too. Which is why you need to eat,” he says.
He blinks at Dean for a few moments, and he can actually feel his stomach churning. This isn’t how this was supposed to go. It was never supposed to be like this. His eyes are watering, he can tell. He feels them start to sting at the corners.
He’s gotta get Cas clean. He’s gotta see how bad the wounds are, see if any of them are still bleeding.
Aaron sets a hand on his wrist, curls his fingers around it in a gesture of comfort. “I’m glad I could help,” he says. “You should tell him.”
actually, or even hurt.
Reluctantly, and with a whine from Cas, Dean breaks away. He breathes heavily against Cas’ mouth for a few seconds, and then he blinks his eyes open to find Cas already staring at him. “Missed that,” Dean admits with a soft chuckle, “but we gotta take care of that hair of yours.”
And lastly, he
Cas hears rustling nearby, and he freezes with his hands still in the water.
“Of course, Sammy. That’s fine.”
Cas presses an unmistakable kiss to his neck, and Dean has to fight to keep himself upright. “Right, of course. I’ll have to go home for a while to get my things,” he says into Dean’s neck, arms still wound tightly around his waist.
“Touch me, Dean. Please,” Castiel begs, and Dean is so quick to comply that Castiel moans louder than he has this whole time. Dean’s thumb dips into the slit of his cock, and he starts to jack his hand slowly, a teasing contrast to his sharp and quick thrusts that drive Castiel wild.
“Here I am,” Castiel says, before he can think better of it. He allows his arm to go limp in Dean’s grip, allows Dean to get him clean.
Cas is the one to break the kiss, and he pulls back with tears in his eyes. “Thank you,” he says. “I was worried,” he admits, “that you’d be afraid. That you wouldn’t want me anymore.”
Dean wants to pull him into another hug. He wants to push Cas up against the tree behind him and kiss him until they both need to breathe. And that’s saying something, because Cas technically
he throws the car into reverse and takes off down the street toward Cas’ place.
The next thing Dean knows, there’s a rush of air and Anna’s gone.
Cas picks at his food like he always does, shoving it around on his plate with his fork more than anything. Dean wishes the guy would just
God, he can’t do anything
when you pulled my ass outta the pit,” and he laughs, a humorless thing, through his tears as he says it. It seems so long ago, now. The nightmares don’t plague him as often anymore, but Dean still can’t stand the sight of large dogs without feeling sick to his stomach . “When things go bad, the anger, man… it just — it just
“Gross,” Sam remarks, but he’s smiling. “Get a room.”
“But we don’t anymore?” Dean asks, staring down at Cas where he’s started sucking, just barely on the head. Cas rolls his eyes.
Cas turns to look at him and tilts his head. Dean fucking loves him. He scoots over to one side of his bed and pats the spot next to him. Cas slides next to him with ease, but he keeps about four inches of space between them.
“I’m not sure of the logistics,” Cas says. “I was in a place called the Empty. It sent me back here because I was awake when I shouldn’t have been. I came to in a meadow, where it looked like flowers had been freshly planted. There was a stream somewhere nearby, and a windmill. It was quite peaceful, so I stayed there for a while.” Dean’s blood runs ice cold. That’s where he spread Cas’ ashes. He sat there every day, sometimes with Jack and sometimes without, just praying to anyone who might be listening to
Cas to get something he wanted, so it’s not his fault if Cas doesn’t like it. He grabs his own piece, and as he eats, he watches Cas.
lemme know what you think so far!! you can find me on tumblr @ mishastits <3 love u
Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Go sit down. Wait for me to get you,” he says. Dean frowns—what does Cas think he’s going to be able to accomplish that Dean couldn’t?
There’s more silence, and Dean fills it with his pathetic fucking sniffling. “Well,” he says. “My coffee’s getting cold, and there’s cinnamon rolls waiting on me downstairs. You probably — have class, or something,” he says.
“Uh, he’ll have a coffee. Lots of creamer. Same for me, but hold the creamer,” Dean says. Beck writes it down on the ticket.
“Me, Garth, Bobby, and Ellen,” Charlie answers.
Once they've both rinsed, Dean turns the shower water off but doesn't immediately step out. He holds Cas' face in his palms, while Cas' hands rest easily on his hips. Dean leans down and presses their lips together, smiling into the kiss.
there’s —
he thinks.
“Jesus,” Dean says. “Sorry, man.”
He makes quick work of the tie, even unbuttons the dress shirt so that it hangs open on his torso. He walks over to where Dean keeps his shirts, and he pulls one out. He lets his dress shirt fall to the floor, and he pulls on one of Dean’s shirts. It smells like him.
Cas holds Dean’s head to his chest with one hand, cups his neck with the other. The whole time, all he can think about is how lucky he is. As Dean starts to pepper kisses to his chest, he wonders silently what on Earth he ever did to deserve this. And as Dean sucks one of his nipples into his mouth, Cas doesn’t think anything at all.
Dean runs his fingers through Cas’ hair as it drips onto the towel around his shoulders, letting his own body support Cas’ weight where he leans into him. He doesn’t really care that he’s not going to get off, because that’s never what this was about. Cas is right. Dean doesn’t want him to feel weak, incapable, or — God forbid — unwanted, just because he’s hurt.
he adds, certainly not meaning to. He kicks a rock as he prays it, doesn’t outwardly react at all, thinking Cas didn’t hear it. He hears it every time.
Cas stands from the bed and heads into the bathroom, and Dean hears it shut with a soft click. He hears the water running, figures Cas is probably just brushing his teeth, too. He throws his shirt on and sits on the edge of the bed, waiting for Cas.
Dean shifts like maybe he’s uncomfortable. Cas is about to move when Dean speaks again, “Did I-? Or did you-? I mean- Fuck. I don’t know what I mean. Which one of us…” He trails off, clearly not able to get out the words he wants to.
hugged you a lot. I thought… Maybe you liked hugs?” Dean shrugs.
“Sigma Chi. Starts at 9, but no way in hell are we showing up before 10:30. We can all pile in my car, but it’ll be a squeeze.”
Dean nods and slowly reaches his hands upward to card through Cas’ hair, readjusting the devil horns as he does so. “They were crooked,” he lies. He just
he gasps. Cas is apparently very good at taking directions. Dean’s shocked they haven't done this before as Cas dips his thumb into the slit of his cock, smearing the wetness there. “Prefect, that’s…
as promised 🤲🏻
“Thanks,” he says quietly, wiping his nose. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to cry like that.”
Anna smiles and salutes him, waving goodbye to Cas. Dean puts a hand on the small of Cas’ back as they walk out the door, and he chooses to ignore it when he hears Charlie say, “Do you see the way Dean’s touching him?” because he can’t afford to address that just yet.
Cas sighs. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “I can hold myself up, but I am still quite weak. I just want to lay down,” he says. It’s halfway to the truth.
Dean grins and he takes the fork, and he goes to town on the cinnamon roll. Cas is right — it tastes the same. The shape doesn’t really matter.
“Only if you let me make you food after we talk,” Dean says. Castiel supposes he can deal with that. Perhaps Dean will allow him to touch, to feel his own arousal. He hopes Dean affords him this luxury. To bring Dean pleasure the way Dean has brought it to him tonight would be the greatest privilege Castiel has received in his very long life. He resists the urge to curl his hand around the hard length of Dean where it hangs between his legs, and he moves to unplug the drain instead.
Cas pulls back to plant a kiss on his cheek, and then to his lips. “Of course,” he says. “We just pulled the first batch out of the oven. They — well, they’re less like cinnamon rolls and more like cinnamon lumps, but — Missouri and I tasted them, and — they’re very good, Dean.”
he asks, looking back toward his mother. “You told him before you told me? He’s just a
he asks, sinking back into the seat. “Why? How did
Then Cas is standing naked in front of him, wounds and all. The bruises on his legs have gone from deep purples and blues to muddy yellows and greens. It almost looks worse, in a way, but Dean knows that it means he’s getting better. The same with the scabs across his torso — they look positively awful, but Dean knows from experience that scabbed-over cuts hurt a hell of a lot less than fresh gashes. So even though Cas may
He relaxes against the bed as Dean goes back to work, mainly paying attention to the tip of his dick. He dips his tongue into the slit, swirls it around, sucks the whole thing into his mouth and releases him with an obscene ‘pop’ before going right back to licking. Cas is
thing I would wish upon you.”
“Right,” Dean says, feeling trapped inside his own skin, “Let’s play, then.”
and it’s sort of baffling to Dean.
from doing
“It’s okay,” Dean decides, “I don’t deserve that anyways, man. I didn’t deserve to be saved then, or any of the other times you pulled my ass out of the fire. I didn’t deserve to be saved from Hell in the first place. And now… God, Cas. I don’t deserve to remember that, not now. Not after everything.”
Dean feels Cas’ hand on his cheek, scratching lightly at the stubble there. Dean closes his eyes and leans into everything he can feel. Not only his emotions, but physically. He can feel the weight of Cas’ legs where they lock with his own. He feels Cas’ hand on his face, feels their hearts beating against each other. Dean’s not sure about Cas, but he knows his own is hammering. “I would very much like to kiss you again,” Cas whispers into the dark, with his breath hitting Dean’s face.
This one is visible, it won’t matter what shirt he wears, surely Sam will see it. Everyone will see it, if they leave the bunker together. Everyone will know that Castiel belongs to Dean. If Cas is lucky, he’ll get a chance to make a few marks of his own. It’s this thought and Dean’s own words that ultimately push him over the edge, whimpering and twisting in Dean’s arms as he comes undone.
His belongings are scarce, but he has a few items that he holds near and dear to his heart. Dean had bought him a small bee-shaped night light when he’d accepted their invitation to live at the bunker. He’s pretty sure that Dean got it for him as a joke, but he loves it. Leaves it plugged in all the time. The soft glow of it is comforting.
that he’s crying, and Dean continues to work him through it. Near the end, he starts to move again, quick and shallow, until he buries himself one final time and groans, smashing his lips into Castiel’s. He finally kisses like he
Dean begs, grinding his hips down to meet each of Cas’ thrusts.
“Jesus,
He makes a beeline to his room, closing the door and leaning against it. He had painted it as soon as Sam and Dean told him it was his room as long as he wanted it. As soon as they’d told him that he had a home with them, the first thing he did was go out and buy paint. It’s a sort of sage green color, and it puts him at ease. It’s eerily close to the color of Dean’s eyes, but nobody seemed to notice. Cas himself hadn’t even noticed until after he’d already painted. He still likes the color. It just makes him a little sadder now.
love me. The real you loves the real me, and that’s what I want to hear,” Cas says, starting to move his hips at a gentle pace.
“Lift up,” Cas says, tapping Dean’s hip twice. Dean does. Cas places the pillow and Dean exhales.
that’s close to useful, besides looking after Cas, which is a full-time job in and of itself.
“Okay,” Cas sighs, “I’ll be there soon. Please keep him alive for the next—” he glances at the time, “—forty minutes, now.”
Cas jerks him off quick and dirty at first, and his hand never leaves Dean’s mouth. He slows down when he can tell Dean’s getting close, and Dean nearly whines before he remembers the rule. He squeezes his eyes shut and exhales
Sam, however, is relentless. “Dude, you—” he cuts himself off with his own laughter, doubling over. “—the lamps! You exploded the lamps!”
They all head off into the woods together. Dean walks ahead of Sam and Cas, who are side-by-side close behind him. The only noises that accompany their trek through dark woods only lit by moonlight are leaves crunching beneath their feet. Dean can hear his heartrate pick up as he holds one hand up, signaling Cas and Sam to stop.
Dean’s eyes widen. “You’re kidding me. Dude, here. Have a bite,” he says. He scoops some up, holding his hand beneath the fork as he holds it to Cas’ lips. Cas blinks at him for a few seconds, but Dean can’t tear his eyes away from the way his lips part just enough to let the fork in, and the way they wrap around it as Dean slides it out of his mouth. He smiles with the pie in his mouth, tasting and chewing before he swallows.
“I’m older than you,” Charlie quips.
Cas stares at him like he’s waiting for this speech that Dean has promised. Dean feels frozen. He has no idea where he’s going to get this speech. He’ll just have to pull it out of his ass. He’ll just have to make it up as it comes to him.
“Get away from him!” he hears, and that’s his mommy. He would know her voice anywhere, even through the thick layer of drywall and insulation separating his room from Sam’s.
Missouri’s eyes widen a little when she walks around Dean to get to the kitchen. She puts a hand on his shoulder and looks between him and Cas, and Dean can feel all the blood drain from his face. “Dean,” she says softly, and she pats his cheek twice. “I don’t care about that. I’m just glad you have him,” she reassures. Dean draws in a deep breath and forces a smile, but he can only meet her eyes for a split second before he has to look away. Fuckin’ psychics, man. Gotta be careful what you think. “Watch your language,” she says, but there’s no bite. She just squeezes his shoulder one more time and makes her way into the kitchen.
to be.
His eyes slip closed and he thinks about how scratchy it would be. Not even
“If you take a picture, it’ll last longer,” Dean jokes, because he has no idea how else to handle the way Cas is looking at him. He has to break the silence, because he’s starting to wonder if Cas is making an attempt to get off purely by staring at him. Dean feels almost like Cas is looking
Dean shakes his head. “You kidding me, man? Mary loves having extra mouths to feed. Sam and I are monsters around food, she always makes extra anyways. She won’t mind at all if you tag along. We’ll have to share my room for almost a month, because we don’t have a guest bedroom. But we have an air mattress, and I’ll take it and let you have the bed,” he smiles. He’d do anything for Cas to not have to spend Christmas alone, that’s just
“Can’t say I’m all that interested in women either,” he says, before he thinks better of it. What the
Cas smiles and kisses his lips just once before he stands up to turn out the light. He walks back to the bed in the dark and crawls in to wrap his arms around Dean. He holds him there with his head to his chest, carding his fingers through the hair on the top of Dean’s head where it’s a little longer than the rest.
and he knows it.
Cas’ eyes rake over his form, and Dean definitely feels a lot more naked than he is. He feels his face flush as he looks down at Cas in nothing but his boxers, and Dean’s not looking, but if he were, he’d wonder if Cas is half hard in his boxers or if he’s just seeing things. He twists around a couple of times, cracking his back and rolling his neck so that it pops, too. Cas’ eyes never leave his body. “Not long,” Cas finally answers, long after Dean forgot he asked a question in the first place.
Dean looks over to Sam, who looks wholly unaffected by this information. “You
She’d drug Dean into her bedroom, sat him down on the bed, and told him not to move. He thinks he was around 14. Soon, Sam had joined him, and she’d told them to stay there and not move until she knew what was going on.
He has no idea how he’s conscious right now, let alone relatively calm.
Dean shrugs. “Doesn’t mean you can’t lay with me. You’ll be awake to hear if Jack wakes up, and if you need me, you can get me up, too,” he says. He hopes Cas takes him up on his offer. He’s too tired to get up to anything other than sleep tonight, but he’d like for Cas to be there, at least.
Sam stands up from the table as Cas is lost in thought, and Cas glances up to see Dean shoot Sam a glare as he places his plate in the sink while Dean does dishes. After Sam walks out of the kitchen and presumably to the library, Cas stands up and walks to the sink to help Dean with the dishes.
you, I'm not-" he swings the door open, and suddenly there's ice in his veins. The last fucking thing he expects to see is
It’s just… Dean always holds him. Or he always holds Dean. Or they sleep with their backs pressed together, even if they go to bed angry. It helps the both of them sleep better, even if it’s only a little. Castiel sets the empty mug back on the nightstand, and he immediately misses the warmth between his palms.
Well, shit. “Um. Okay,” Dean says, long and drawn out. “What can we do?”
“Have you ever tried this before? Just this?” Cas asks, rubbing his finger in circles with firm pressure, but not enough to press inside just yet.
he’s shaking.
Please. As if. He laughs until he’s choking on it, until more bile bubbles up out of his stomach and into his throat, and he’s clutching the toilet bowl again.
Dean takes off his shirt and cocoons himself inside his blankets, trying not to picture a firm, tanned body pressed against his own. He fails.
and he can probably
Dean shrugs his shoulders. “You know I don’t care about that shit, man. Don’t worry about it. Open the other one,” he says, knocking his shoulder against Cas’. He catches Mary eyeing them from the kitchen, but he chooses to ignore it for everyone’s sake.
know about Cas is that he’s kind. He’s selfless, he’s caring. His love language has
Sam shakes his head but sits down at the table in the small kitchenette of the motel room. He pulls out his laptop and starts looking at maps of the area before pointing to a couple of different spots. "There's two abandoned buildings that are secluded enough for a Djinn hideout. It almost has to be one of these."
Cas fucks up into his fist, keeping a steady hold on Dean's arms. He thinks he might keel over if he lets go, so he holds on.
Cas is reeling. He’s drinking up every sound Dean is making, taking note of every move he makes. He’s loved Dean since he can remember. He didn’t recognize it as love, not at first, but it’s always been there. He had been drawn to it like a beacon when he rescued Dean from hell. He flew through fire and smoke and the smell of rotting flesh to rescue the man beneath him from the pit. He’d do it all over again if he had to. Over and over. He may have saved Dean Winchester, but really, Dean had saved him.
pull me out?”
Cas isn’t necessarily a man of many words, so Dean takes that as a huge compliment. He starts her up, and heads in the direction of the party. “Kinda excited to see you drunk,” he chuckles. “It’s almost hard to imagine. You’re always so… stiff,” he says. He hopes his words don’t come off as rude, that’s really not how he means it. He’s just excited to see Cas loosen up a little.
Cas whines and lets his head tip to the side, his nails digging into Dean’s skin. “Thank you,” he exhales, leaning his head over onto Dean’s.
him, but-”
Dean stands up — he paces when he’s nervous — but when he does, he sees a crumpled receipt on the table in the kitchenette that’s been flattened as best it can be, and what he assumes is Cas’ handwriting on it. He writes in cursive. Weird.
“You know I do, babe,” he winks. He jerks his head toward the shop’s break room, tells Jo, who runs the front desk for him, that he’ll be back in an hour or so. She shoots him a thumbs up, so he takes Cas to the back and plops down to unwrap his lunch. “What prompted the visit?” Dean asks, his mouth full of sandwich.
That doesn’t mean Cas wants to interact with him at the moment, though. He thinks he’d rather sulk in his room for a while until he gets over it. He knows he will. Even when he’s annoyed, his love for Dean is unwavering. There’s nothing on God’s green Earth that Dean could do to make Cas stop loving him.
Dean smiles and knocks their shoulders together before he starts to walk in the direction of the on-campus Starbucks. It’s not great coffee, it’s kinda shitty, actually, but he drinks it anyway.
the lucky one, not Dean. It’s almost hard for Castiel to believe that any of this is real, that it’s not just the longest (and best) dream he’s had in his short time as a human.
“Lookin’ forward to it, buddy.”
to be acts of service. That much hadn’t been hard to figure out. Every time they have a meal at Dean’s place, Cas does all the dishes in his sink, even if they’d been there before they ate. He always tidies Dean’s small messes when they study. Where Dean’s happy to shove everything away disorganized and messy just to get it out of his own sight, Cas always goes back to make sure everything’s in order for him.
“Do you guys know what you wanna order?” they ask, their eyes darting back and forth between Dean and Cas.
Dean thinks. But he doesn’t want to. He also knows that Sam’s not going to get off his case until he does, so he turns his head to look at him. He hauls himself off the floor and back into the kitchen, and he sits down at the table. He bounces his leg, a nervous habit he’s picked up over the last few weeks. He thinks it has something to do with the inherent sense of
“Quit talking with your mouth full, you’ll choke,” Bobby says, swinging open the back door. Joanna comes running in behind him. “Jo, quit runnin’!” Ellen quips.
“Sure, yeah. I’ll be in the ‘Dean Cave.’” Complete with air quotes, Cas sighs. He turns around to walk down the hall, but Dean catches his wrist with sudsy hands before he can get far.
“Nobody
They pay Beck before they leave, and they leave them a hefty tip. Cas had left them a five dollar bill, which was about a 20% tip in the first place, but Dean threw down another fiver before they left, just because Beck was cool about it when they caught the two of them touching in a way that most straight dudes just… don’t. Dean shoots them an extra smile and a wave as they leave, just because.
Dean pulls away to breathe, and his eyes shine as he looks down at Cas. Cas rubs his back, smiling patiently up at him. “What’s on your mind?” he asks simply.
"Alright, then. Perk up, Sunshine. Let's kill us a Djinn."
It hadn’t necessarily been a conscious decision, not to speak. It just didn’t feel right the first day, to say anything. He had nothing to say. And as the days went on, as the end of the world approached and they still had no answers on getting Cas back, it just felt even less right. There aren’t any words worth saying, after the ones he said in Purgatory. He got all of that out of his system. Jack can read his mind, so if he needs something, whatever. Jack can choose to communicate that, or he can choose not to, and either way, it doesn’t make a shit to Dean.
Cas whines and gives an especially dramatic roll of his hips, nodding frantically. “Yes,” he admits emphatically. “So much.”
Granted, it’s the first time they’ve run into this problem, but — Dean doesn’t feel like running into it again. If Cas hasn’t already gotten himself dead, that is.
"Castiel," Dean gasps, and
Dean gets Cas situated at the table and walks up behind Brooke, laying a gentle hand between her shoulder blades. He’d been snappy and quick to judge her when she first arrived, but he’s apologized profusely since then, and it’s become abundantly clear to him that she’s been nothing but a major help and a downright
"Boyfriends." Dean draws the word out, and it just feels wrong.
Dean nods his head. “Yes, sir.”
Well, Dean doesn’t like that. He doesn’t like that at all, actually. “You mean you’ll have to leave?” he asks weakly, putting his plate of pasta down on the rickety old coffee table in front of him.
“Hi, baby. You remember when I asked you to watch your brother for me?” she says. “I need you to do that again. This time, I want you to sit in mommy’s room. Come on, kiddo, let’s get up,” she says. She scoops him into her arms, and he wraps his own around her neck. She holds him up and carries him on her hip. She hasn’t held him like this in a long time, so he leans his head on her shoulder and closes his eyes.
“I oughta kill that man,” Missouri mutters. “You’ll
He tries (and fails) to move out of bed without waking Cas.
. Somehow, he’d managed. He’d survived, and he’d come to the portal to wait. He never had any intentions of staying here, repenting for sins he had no business repenting for. Instead of falling to his knees, he helps Cas off the ground and pulls him into a hug that would damn near suffocate a human. Good thing Cas is a little more than that. “I thought I lost you,” Dean says into the soft fabric of the stupid goddamn trench coat he loves so much, the one he’d been sure he’d never see again.
