He’s watching the net, the mechanism of his defeat. Tangled underneath, he’ll be powerless to Aemilius’s final assault.
He leans in. “Swiv-na?”
“I’m not coming back. I just got here, and you should really think about staying out of it as well.”
“Can you even tell them apart?”
“I’m not even showing!” (
When Steve was in the Academy, some of the boys and girls and beings that were both or neither would sneak off into a cave or behind the showers or (as legend would have it) in the headmaster’s quarters during the day to make out. The janitorial closet in Corridor 4B in particular had been quite the spot for the younglings who were just coming of age to experiment before they graduated and went on their separate ways.
“It’s okay,” Steve interjects. “We can watch something else.”
“You’re not ready to go yet? The ship has docked, and– Oh!” she stops when she sees Steve still in bed, nude from the waist up, blond hair sticking up in all directions and red and purple hickeys down over his neck and chest, the sheets rumpled in ways that indicated rather rigorous activity. He pulls the sheet up under his armpits and turns an interesting shade of scarlet, looking away from Pepper’s gaze.
inadequate.” He is Iron Man, verifiable superhero and co-leader of the Avengers.
If Rogers is going for shock and awe tactics… well, two can play at that game. Tony takes a half-step closer, his hands glancing over Rogers’s hips and around to cup his ass. Tony hadn’t been exaggerating; the outfit might qualify as a crime against humanity, but Captain America’s ass is a fine piece of old-fashioned American engineering. They simply didn’t make them like that anymore.
”No,” Steve says, holding up his hand palm out to silence him. He exhales slow, collecting himself. “Now you listen, Tony, and you listen good. This is what’s going to happen: You are going to tell me who you’re in love with, and then we are going to make a plan to bag you the man or woman of your dreams. Because you are not going to die, and if I have to be your wingman to make that happen, then that’s what I’m going to do.”
Steve shrugs and gives him a self-satisfied smile. “Maybe after a couple more inches. I’d like to break six feet for the bragging rights.”
“It can wait until morning.”
Fidelis turns to him. “You best win your next bout if you desire to remain amongst the living, Bacchus. You’re far too pretty for him to spare.”
Tony pours himself a drink, offering a tipple to the other two who decline, before he starts his spiel.
“Bah! You young people are always throwing out perfectly good things when something new and shiny comes along,” Dracula grumbles, leading them towards the dining room. “Back in my day, all we had was a stick and a ball and were glad for it.”
“Shut up.” Cap’s tone is low, dangerous, but Tony isn’t one to heed such a warning.
It's not fair, to either of them.
“Hey, about those ladies over there…” Tony eyes a pair of young women across the dining bungalow.
“No, I wouldn’t have,” Tony agrees, crossing his arms.
Suibne doesn’t respond, but Aemilius does. “Lack of sleep will stunt your growth, boy, and Stefanus needs all the help he can get.”
because I knew – I just knew – that you would never accept me for who I was. I knew my father would disown me; my mother would probably cry, but you… you were all I had for years before…”
Stefanus clasps his hand over Antony’s. “No, just when I’m with you.”
“But… but that’s not what you said before.”
“What does that matter? There’s two of them. That’s like… the ultimate fantasy, right?”
“Uh huh.” He pulls the rope tighter. “Was that by decree or by choice?”
“Give up Bacchus and come with me,” he says, stepping in close, his fingers trailing down his lover’s bicep as he glances Stefanus’s cheek with the other. “I could make you happy, Stefanus. I will give you everything; you will want for nothing if you stay by my side.”
Steve’s body goes rigid, his eyes closed and mouth wide when he comes, spurting all over his stomach and chest. Tony follows not long after, spilling over the edge of Steve’s sheets and onto the hardwood floor. He sits back on his haunches, his body sticky and spent, and he’s about to grab his pants and leave when Steve sits up and reaches over, collecting Tony in his arms.
“We’re not… we’re not your puppets,” Stark says, even as he slips a slick finger into Rogers’s ass and begins to pump in and out. Rogers fidgets but remains silent as commanded.
“Answer me, Maria. Is it true?”
Really, what would Steve say if he knew? Would he apologize? Would he lie through his teeth and claim to love Tony? That would be very on-brand for Captain America, but the thought does nothing to sway Tony from his resolve to keep mum. After all, the only thing worse than rejection is pity.
And their men – Gabriel, Dum Dum, James, Percival, and Jim – had they not had his back in the thick of battle when he became stuck in the press of bodies and blood-soaked mud, when he had swung wildly to avoid the mace and wooden bludgeons of the enemy? Had it not been they who covered for him, helped pull him from the muck and viscera?
“What was it like?” Jimmy asks.
Tony stares at the opposite wall, mentally tracing figures in his neighbor’s corkboard, connecting unrelated puncture marks dotting the surface to form geometric shapes. “So, tell me about Pinky and his pursuit of his one and only again? Did he manage to speak to her yet?”
“I enjoy it, but if it makes you uncomfortable–”
Well, that isn’t exactly fair (or accurate). Romulus had said he couldn’t do it, complete with a ten-item list as to why he should abstain, which is as good as issuing a challenge to a drunk and contrarian Antony. So really, they were both at fault.
On the balance, Master Erskine disagrees.
Tony didn’t understand. He couldn’t understand because he lived in a debauched future where anything goes, where any number of traditional taboos were overlooked to the point where being attracted to the same sex wasn’t quite the automatic black mark it had been, especially if one had access to his bank account. No one cared if eccentric billionaire Tony Stark fucked men, but Captain America? Well… he had tried to avoid the tabloids in the days since the announcement, but he can’t imagine it had gone over swimmingly with the general public. However, once the mission is over and their marriage annulled as unconsummated, then they’ll understand it was for the greater good.
“What have you been eating?” Tiberius asks him as he critically examines Antony's calves which have started to thicken to more adult proportions. “You should cut down on the oats and wheat lest you become less graceful of form.”
“Like that’s what’s bothering you and not the fact that I have a dick.”
“Staius? I knew the man was a snake,” he says, his tone practically venomous. “I swear if he–”
“Hey!” Tony exclaims.
Not really, no. Steve seemed like the type to visit a coworker in the hospital, though he probably didn’t have time to pass around a “Get Well Soon” card filled with half-hearted well-wishes from SI employees and the other Avengers.
to himself. He doesn’t tell the other boys, his mother or Howard, and
“You were a slave before,” Antony points out, but he gets up as well, crosses the short distance between them to sit shoulder-to-shoulder beside Stefanus on his settee. His side is warm where he touches Stefanus. “Though I
“The annulment,” Steve corrects him. His old-fashioned Irish Catholic mother would probably roll in her grave at the D-word. Then again, she probably wouldn’t have been pleased with his choice of partner either.
Tony simply scoffs and curls into himself, bringing the sheets to encircle his shoulders in a cocoon of faux security. “You’re not my father. My father is dead.”
“They can survive on rats.”
Tony scowls. “J! I’m not here,” he whispers.
“He kissed me.”
It is a strange experience, asking for help, especially of the mental variety. Stark men are made of iron, his father used to say. Howard never could suffer a sissy, and here was Tony: too weak, too mentally unfit to simply walk it off. He wonders what Howard would say if he could see him now.
He’s right. Damn him, but he’s right.
Stefanus cants his head. “…You mean to buy me?” It makes sense in a way. Antony has rented Stefanus nearly every evening and some afternoons for over two months now, and if he kept at it with his current rates, he will have paid his purchase price several times over by the end of the year. Priscus is smart, calculating; he will take that into consideration when he and Antony haggle over his worth.
Steve had been a touch cagey on the phone, but Tony puts it out of his mind. The guy is sentimental. He probably just missed having someone else under the age of thirty-five in the house.
When Steve meets Rhodey that summer, Tony introduces them and waits for a tense minute as they appear size each other up.
“Thank you, Jarvis. You’re a lifesaver,” Tony says absently, before turning back to Steve. “If you like her so much, you should call her.” He isn’t sure whether the man is into sloppy seconds. Truth told, Steve rarely seemed interested in anyone these days.
“I know what it tastes like,” he interrupts harshly, but at his client’s surprise, he purposely softens his tone. “I’ve had it before, and it is not to my taste.”
“You’re off the hook, okay?” and Tony means it. He will claim the baby is premature when the time comes, and the man will never look any further into it. He doesn’t need a reluctant alpha to help raise this baby out of some misguided obligation. He doesn’t need Cap to ‘do the right thing.’ Tony already knows he’s doing the right thing when Cap looks unaccountably relieved at the news.
“You’d really do that for me, huh?” Steve says with a cough. “Thanks, Tony.”
“Hm…” Tony shifts his body, sliding the crease of his ass against Steve’s burgeoning erection. “I can think of other places you’d fit.” He strokes his thighs from knees to groin and back. “What do you say we christen our new bathroom?”
Bacchus swallows his apprehension. “It seems it is our turn in the arena,” he announces resolutely, turning to face Stefanus. “Let’s put on a good showing, yeah?”
He often talks to Steve about his new friend.
“We really should be leaving soon.” There was never a set time for these things with the rich operating on a more leisurely time table that the lower classes could ill-afford, but Stefanus knows Antony would like to get it done quickly, before his meeting with the city planners to go over his improvements to the aqueducts. It was a built-in excuse to evade an extended visit with an important paterfamilias he found personally distasteful.
Steve blushes. “She’s not my girlfriend.”
Bacchus drops the dagger instead. His body slumps, sliding down from Stefanus’s chest to his stomach, allowing him to retrieve his sword and push Bacchus off with relative ease to the overwhelming booing of the crowd.
“It is forbidden,” Steve says.
The guy looks flabbergasted. “How old are you? Twelve?”
Many gladiatorial games were hosted by the state and sponsored by politicians who may use a relative’s recent death as an excuse to hold the games as part of a munus (duty or obligation, originally towards the dead). However, politically-astute politicians may strategically delay a munus before elections for political gain. For instance, Julius Caesar is said to have thrown a particularly elaborate munus (containing 320 pairs of gladiators) in 65 BC for his deceased father twenty years after his death in a move to appeal to the public, which Hadrianus would have been aware of by the time of this fic.
Icy fear grips Antony’s heart. “…What did you do?”
Bruce is on them then, his blurry face framed in horn-rimmed glasses hovering over Tony as the edges of his vision darken. “What did you do?! What the hell did you–”
“Check again,” Tony insists.
“Who do you think it is?”
Tony holds the rounded weapon, lightweight and balanced, but still lacking a little something. “You know, I can take this to the lab and make some modern improvements.” But at Steve’s face, he quickly backtracks. “Kidding. Sort of.” It wouldn’t be hard, but perhaps some things are best left alone.
Presently, Antony lounges against Stefanus’s chest, Stefanus’s legs cradling his and his arms draped over the edge of the tub.
“You sure about that?” he asks his old friend, the doctores secutorum. “Not that I’m complaining, but the boy is not particularly skilled. He is a poor choice that will leave you wanting another from my stable.”
“If Barton can do it, how much discipline can it really require?”
“Come with me if you don’t want to get arrested,” he states blandly. He gives Tony a boost, helping him up and over the fence into the neighbor’s yard, before scaling it himself shortly after. Tony stumbles on the other side, falling face-first into the bushes before rolling onto his back to stare up at the night sky. Disoriented and aching, he considers the wisdom of spending the night amongst the azaleas, but Prince Charming pulls him up yet again and leads them both out the garden’s side gate so that they exit on a street parallel to the frat house.
“It’s really not. I don’t want you to figure out the lengths you’d have to go; it’s kind of embarrassing for me.”
. We have cows back at the settlement. Real cows, and the bulls are useless as a source of dairy. Yeah, there’s always jerky and salted meat, but don’t you think we could all go for a good old-fashioned American cookout every once in a while when they’re freshly slaughtered? The small return to normalcy might improve morale.”
How can Tony refuse him?
Unable to stop or collect himself, Tony collapses to his knees, his body shivering with exertion as he coughs loud and wet, expelling a deluge of full-bloom gardenias weighed down and slicked closed with bloody mucus. Cap’s hands are on him again, trying to lift him up, but Tony pushes him off. He doesn’t want his help, had never wanted Steve to see him like this, but then he feels the flowers searing through his lungs, the painful breathlessness, and he’s doubled over again and retching.
Tony’s hands slide down. “…What?”
Stark grimaces and pops the lid, inspiring a fresh shudder from Rogers. The man’s muscles tense up, and his body looks much too stiff for this to be comfortable, but Captain America is no stranger to pain. Still…
, unlike present company.
Clint snorts. “If anything, that’s even less protection than normal.” The armor is thinner, more lightweight than all prior versions, and most egregiously, Tony’s head is completely exposed.
“Is there another way to phrase the situation that will make it make sense?” Bacchus asks incredulously. “Perhaps Dominus is right; your ass must be magical for it has certainly enchanted all sense and reason out of Staius.”
“And who do you bring with you on this campaign trail?”
“Don’t worry about this. Happens to the best of us when you’re in the public eye. I’ll call Pepper, threaten to sue them for libel, and we can get a retraction printed.” He pulls out his phone, presses speed dial as he continues to mumble, “I can’t fucking believe this.”
He had also cleaned up nicely, having showered and shaved, and looked back to his normal self. He’s even (mostly) sober. It is a rather impressive transformation.
“Hate to break this to you, but Amber was trying to escape that conversation.”
Another boy with long brown hair done up in a messy bun walks up to the duo to stand between them, snapping, “Oh shut up, Hodge. I heard you’re only here ‘cause your Dad donated a dormitory wing to the Academy.”
“No, I mean… what’s that about his unicorn?”
“There’s nothing wrong with a little vulnerability.”
“Welcome to the Academy. You’ve already met the biggest butthead here,” Bucky says, his grin widening. He hooks a thumb over his shoulder. “You want to meet the others? Promise most of us don’t bite.”
Steve withdraws from his touch as if burned. “No, Tony.”
The ship in front of them, surrounded by discarded palm fronds, is in no way space-worthy. With the reinforced metal siding removed, the internal shielding is exposed to the elements. Even the door appears to be missing, with what appears to be the contents of the ship spilled out on the ground outside and picked over by scavengers.
“Oh, you know how it is. Work hard; play hard,” Tony had replied flippantly, being purposely vague as he redirects the conversation back on Steve. “How’re things on your end? Did Bucky ever get around to teaching you how to fight?”
“And what would that be exactly? I’m already the resident piggybank. Some would say that makes me the boss, the leader of this little rag-tag team of superheroes.”
He steps closer to Steve. “Amber, have you met my date: Steve?”
“I believe we have reached an understanding, my dear Anthony.”
Steve blushes, which he takes as a yes.
But Tiberius is ultimately unimpressed. “That’s barely anything at all. My sister’s mustache is much thicker than that,” he scoffs.
“Sometimes?”
“Not in the mood for your lip, Rogers.”
“It’s– it’s not… it’s not about the grinder,” Tony manages.
Steve stops, immediately remorseful. “Tony?” he whispers as he starts to withdraw.
The man’s lips smack, and he mumbles, rolling away from Tony and taking the sheets with him.
“Antonius Staius,” a tall athletic man wearing a white cotton toga accosts Antony on the street on their way back from the shops.
“Right.” He starts packing up the items on the table, preparing them for take-off and passing a stack of Outer Rim coins popular in this sector to Rhodey in payment for his services. “So it’s been a pleasure, honeybear, but uh… we should be going. Duty calls and all that.” He gives him a small salute. “Until next time.”
“What was that about?” Steve wants to know after Tony has rolled off him and reached for his pants.
“Sometimes a man’s got to fight,” Aemilius replies, holding out his hand to Suibne to pull him up.
Jimmy looks disgusted. “Ew. Gross, Pinky.”
If he had known…
“…Gay.”
Didn’t mean Tony didn’t want to stress-test Cap’s tolerance just a bit.
Steve is the one that pulls away after a moment, his eyes drifting open. “I’ve wanted to do that for years,” he admits, a touch breathless. He leans his forehead against Tony’s nude shoulder. He raises his head and sits back, his gaze trained on the way the sheets are rumpled between them. “You’re right when you said seeing Ryan upset me, but not because you’re gay or bi or however you identify.” He looks up at Tony. “It’s because I wanted it to be me. I wanted to be the fella who got to wake up next to you, but I thought for the longest time that it wasn’t possible because you were straight. It was easier when I thought you were straight because… because then I never even had a chance, you know. You’re bold, Tony. Fearless. You do what you want whenever you want. The fact that nothing has ever happened between us… it wasn’t that you’re just not into guys. If it’s never happened, then you simply didn’t want it with me.”
You know, a hero.
Priscus.”
“Smoke?”
Steve knows Tony doesn’t really pay that much attention to the personal lives of his fellow Ultimates, but it’s been
Stefanus doesn’t startle when Antony touches the mark – too used to the abuse for it to get a rise out of him – but he does still. He wishes to avoid offense; after all, men always make it hurt when one wounds their pride.
Tony can see Steve trying to puzzle out what the C stands for. He hopes he never figures it out; otherwise that will be a very awkward conversation about how he doesn’t even attend orgies anymore – not since Afghanistan – but on the bright side, at least Steve will know Tony always uses protection.
With that, he signs off. Stark is silent, his arms crossed as he leans a hip against the side counter that once served as an on-board all-purpose workspace. “You think I didn’t catch that?”
“Do you like that one?” a familiar voice asks. Suibne spins around, takes a step back, while Priscus continues unperturbed. “It is the answer to a riddle. Three men in bed together; two are committing debauchery, two are being debauched. Most would assume that configuration would require four men, but as you can see, the one in the middle both acts and is acted upon.” He glances askance at Suibne. “The toga praetexta suits you, my boy, as I thought it would.”
“You don’t care about Mother or her memory; you only care about removing what you perceive as an obstacle!”
Huh, perhaps tone doesn’t translate well?
Cap doesn’t budge. “Tony…”
“Alright; I heard you the first time.”
“You work on getting better, prove you’re ready, and then ask him out again,” Rhodey replies, as if it really is that easy or fast.
Antony stands before the looking glass, adjusting his toga praetexta and trying to fix the stubborn cowlick in his hair to no avail. He gives up on the exercise entirely, stepping closer to his reflection, turning his head this way and that in hopes of catching the light just right on his face. When that fails to produce the desired result, he rubs his upper lip and chin to feel the patchy peach fuzz growing in. One month to go until Liberalia, and he’ll be a full-fledged adult in the eyes of the gods and man both.
“I was only trying to save you.”
Tony blinks.
Antony doesn’t know what to say about that, except: “Is this really the conversation you want to have with your son?”
I play then?”
“Yes, I would like you to fuck me,” Antony clarifies, “but first the oil.”
“What’s your point?”
Or maybe, just maybe, Master Phillips had cared about Steve specifically despite his vows.
“She likes you,” Steve whispers.
Are they… no, they cannot be, but they are. They’re negotiating their next sex-perience while Clint is literally sitting right there. Stark had been talking to him two seconds ago, and Steve’s situational awareness is second to none; there’s no way they somehow missed his presence. Clint didn’t care what got them going – rough sex, exhibitionism, possible BDSM – but had neither of them ever heard of consent? Specifically, Clint’s consent to hear their kink-tastic conversation.
Granted, Tony had been confused at first, had registered Steve’s attentions as curiosity in the future instead of singular interest in Tony himself. Perhaps he had been so used to explaining present-day tech to an ancient being that he naturally undertook the same task when faced with a similarly time-displaced person and didn’t think anything of it…
I’d also like to clarify that there is nothing wrong or emasculating about bottoming. However, Ancient Rome operated under a different sexuality framework where sleeping with men was fine but being a bottom was shameful. I would imagine this attitude is probably amplified for men like Steve trapped in the lowest rungs of society, who are stripped of any choice in the matter and have it forced upon them. Whereas for privileged men like Tony, he can safely make this choice based on personal preference without really worrying about what society has to say about it. Hypothetically, who’s going to know? If Steve blabbed his secret, who are the Roman courts going to believe: a slave or the affluent son of a land-owning senator?
His friend snorts.
Piano lessons are one hour long three times a week followed by an afternoon snack that Tony often skips in favor of tinkering with his latest project – a circuit board or rudimentary automaton – in his room, leaving Mamma and Mr. Morelli to laugh and chat in Italian over biscotti dipped in vin Santo Jarvis orders special from the good shop in Little Italy. Neither seems to mind his absence, and Tony is only too happy that piano is over for another day.
Stark hands him another part. “We’re still going to Tython. What each man does from there is no one’s business but his own.”
“Neither am I.”
“We’re not mere children; we’re men,” Bacchus insists in a hushed but forceful whisper.
“You have no authority to grant the rudis,” Hadrianus admonishes him, his face tight and drawn into a deep scowl of disapproval and disappointment.
Tatooine will sooner flood and freeze over than Master Phillips agree that Steve is ready. After all, he had never taken to the (not-so-)young padawan. From the very first day Master Erskine and he had picked him up from Pax at the ripe age of six, Master Phillips had deemed him unworthy of the robe and saber of a true Jedi. Steve isn’t entirely sure why he took him in as his padawan after Master Erskine’s death, but he thought it likely that the old bastard did it in order to hold Steve back, to keep him from so much as attempting the Jedi Trials and becoming a knight in his own right.
“Okay, people. There’s at least five zombies in here, possibly more. Teams of two, fan out, neutralize the threat, and scavenge what we can. Meet back here in fifteen,” Steve directs the others. “Tony, you’re still green so you’re with me.”
“You can have it if you can figure out how to bottle up my excess and inject it into your veins.”
“About your cock?”
“Mr. Stark is not accepting any visitors at this time, Captain Rogers,” J.A.R.V.I.S. reports in crisp tones.
He moves to stand beside his boyfriend to make formal introductions. “Dad, this is Steve. My boyfriend. I told you he was coming. Meeting him is the whole point of this dinner,” he reminds him pointedly – an underlying
The conversation doesn’t end there. Now that Steve has revealed the possibility that maybe, just maybe, he was thinking a bit too hard about what Stark’s lips might taste like, Stark seems to have decided it gives him free license to flirt even more with the Jedi, to rile him up and try to inspire him to undermine his own sacred vows.
“See to it that it does not. I will not go so easily on you next time.”
“I know what I’m doing,” he says as Stark takes his finger off the button.
“Oh.” Tony sets it aside, turning the paper face down on the nightstand. “I don’t know about all that. I don’t think therapy is for me.” He understands Rhodey’s concern. Though he is uncertain whether there is a way back from how he’s feeling, he hasn’t quite hit rock-bottom yet, at least not to the point where he would consider a shrink.
“Point still stands. I can afford to take off a few months to figure out if a bunch of premiere critics ranked burgers correctly. It seems like a better use of my time, you know, and if you want to tag along… I could always use a wingman, winghead.”
“Call it hazard pay. It has been said that my mouth has gotten me in trouble more times than I can count. I can be a handful.”
Tony looks… not well. He is not as composed as he usually is. Though he wears an expensive suit, it isn’t pressed, his tie is done crooked, and the dress shirt underneath is floppy, missing the crisp edge of an ironed and starched collar. His hair is longer than Steve remembers with his signature goatee not quite as neat and trimmed as he is accustomed to seeing. Based on the state of the man’s personal grooming, Steve supposes Tony must still be on the market for another butler, having already gone through a string of three in as many months according to Thor. Steve isn’t quite sure whether he fired them or if they had quit as he never seemed to learn any of their names, calling them all “Jarvis,” including the women. He wonders whether “Jarvis” was even the real name of their predecessor. Perhaps it had been a power move on Tony’s part, or it was simply a quirk – one of the eccentricities of the filthy rich – to force a name (however ridiculous) on their subordinates. Whatever his deal was, Steve hadn’t liked it. The least Tony could do is recall the name of the person mixing his morning martini every day.
And so he backs down. “Alright. Monday.”
Damn him but Stefanus loves him still, even in that moment.
“It’s a simple dig. A tomb for a pharaoh so obscure and likely buried in haste wouldn’t require such elaborate traps.”
“Only my body is on offer.”
Antony thinks to no one in particular.
“You think this is a mistake?” he shouts back, suddenly angry. “A malfunction? We lost, and they’re trying to take us all out! So for once in your sorry life, do as you’re told and run!” There are more clones spilling out of the Galactic Republic outpost, enough to overrun the two Jedi. Master Phillips practically tears up the path, lifting the stones up and sending them flying in a matrix of projectiles to thin out the herd of white helmets. “Survive! That is a direct order from your master!”
Dracula stares at the outstretched limb as if it is a coiled viper before turning to address his son. “Anthony, if you could help me with the VCR… I require it to record the legendary epic ‘Days of Our Lives,’ which has changed time slots despite multiple ravens delivering my missives to the executives of NBC protesting the new schedule.”
“Nat and Bruce went out, and Clint’s got a… well, he
Steve nods. “I’d like that.”
“We’ve got a private moonlit dinner on the beach,” Tony tells him as he examines himself in the mirror. His eyes flit to Steve’s reflection. “You should change. Freshen up. You’ll feel better, darling.”
“And you always do everything Daddy Fury asks you to?” Tony allows his eyes to drag up and down Rogers’s body, letting his disdain shine through. “What am I saying? You’re wearing a spangly outfit that does absolutely nothing for your ass. Of course you’ll do whatever you’re told as long as they claim it’s for the good ol’ U-S-of-A.”
“Okay.”
“Didn’t feel like nothing,” Tony murmurs, a mischievous smile tugging at the corner of his mouth, as he pulls him off the dance floor entirely in the direction of the exit. “You know, if you want to move this private party to the honeymoon suite…”
“I didn’t tell him where we are.”
It’s just that… well, Tony didn’t like to admit it, but it had been a while since he’d gotten laid, and Cap was right there with his perfect muscles and his perfect face and perfect hair, smelling of alpha musk and spice. It was enough to make him want to punch the guy in his perfect teeth (and then kiss it better).
“I heard you the first time.”
“No…”
“We’re only here for a week!”
“Fat fuckin’ chance o’ that happenin’.” Tony hugs his pillow, angrily rolling himself into a burrito with his sheets to face the opposite direction as he mutters, “I hope yer balls shrivel up into raisins, ya asshole cocktease sonovabitch.”
“Seems like it would be an impediment during… more intimate activities,” Steve comes over to sit on the fallen log across from Stark.
G-E-T-T-I-N-G / T-H-E-R-E, then a pause, D-U-M / D-U-M / S-A-Y-S / Y-O-U / G-O-T / D-E-T-E-N-T-I-O-N / A-G-A-I-N
Though he hadn’t seen a thing, blindfolded as he was, he had felt the curves and angles of his face. He knows Stark sports a trimmed beard or perhaps long stubble, and his skin had felt soft but still firm, with no deep wrinkles to speak of. Would there ever be an occasion where Stark will voluntarily remove his helmet in Steve’s presence? Let him see what’s beneath?
Tony frowns. “What if I want it all?”
“Take care of yourself, shellhead.”
“Look who decided to join us,” Cap says when Tony stumbles into the Avengers’ conference room two hours later, twenty minutes past the designated start time. “You’re late, Stark.”
And he sounds so confident, so sure that everything will always work out as long as they stick together, that Tony almost believes it himself. “…Alright.”
“He is a sadist, true.”
Suddenly, Bacchus throws the net, ensnaring Stefanus under its weighted web. His weapons too tangled to be of much use, he scuttles backwards, trying to put more distance between himself and Bacchus’s trident until he can free himself. He blindly blocks Bacchus’s next strike and his next, shrinking behind the rounded shield and placing his padded leg forward to protect the other as he tries to use his sword to slice through the net. He succeeds in the effort just as Bacchus manages to hook his trident in the ruined net and sword, pulling both out of Stefanus’s hand, until all Stefanus has is his shield.
Stefanus knows the man doesn’t like to see his stable of well-trained retiarii shrink, but still. His former doctores could at least pretend to be happy he survived. “Nice to see you, too, Fidelis.”
His floor-mate rolls his eyes, his hand over the receiver. “You planning to take this or not?” he asks. “I don’t got all day.”
“You rarely are,” Cap retorts, his brow drawn together as if he had witnessed something deeply unpleasant. “What was that about heartbeats? Two? As in you and…” he can’t even say it.
“No need to be crude,
It takes several days to locate the purported site of the tomb as well as hire the requisite locals to dig out the stone stairs leading down to a small, unassuming entrance carved into the raised hill. Pharaoh Ramesses VIII hadn’t reigned long – only a year at most – and he was so obscure and unremarkable that the only mentions of his reign were a couple inscriptions on one stone stela and a scarab as well as in the tomb of his father amongst a list of sons, though he hadn’t been identified as his direct heir at the time of burial. As such, Pharaoh Ramesses VIII’s final resting place had been simple, far less opulent than his forebears, and long forgotten. Tony hoped it had remained so, untouched by graverobbers even in antiquity.
There’s another pause before one of the stormtroopers observes, “The belly of this ship appears to be a much greater depth from the outside.”
Sometimes, Tony wants to punch the man in his perfect teeth.
The following Monday, Steve pours himself a cup of coffee – black, no cream, no sugar – from the communal pot in the Triskelion break room before heading out to his meeting with Director Fury to discuss his upcoming mission. It’s a welcome distraction, the opportunity to be useful, to be sent out to the field once again after all that time spent lying low, not to mention all the psychological evaluations where the shrink treated Steve like he was nuts, like he is no longer fit to do the job. If he couldn’t hack it anymore… Captain America is all Steve has left, his commitment to the patriotic ideal the only thing that kept him going these days. Besides, who else were they going to get to fill his shoes? Thor? The man had no loyalty to any nation in this realm, much less the good old U.S. of A.
Stark is acting strange.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m staying.” He sits down with the proffered art supplies, sketching out the outline of a large, muscular man.
It hadn’t been hard for Purple Man to escape S.H.I.E.L.D. custody. All it took was a tiny breech in containment – an unsecured mask, a leak in a hazmat suit – and his pheromones had done most of the heavy lifting from there, allowing him to walk out of an interrogation room straight into the office of world-renowned futurist, Tony Stark.
“You’re not Tasha, and I’m not Jan,” Tony states flatly. “We might crash and burn, but who knows? Maybe it will work out. We won’t know unless we try.” Besides, it’s not like he has long to quibble over the particulars, all things considered.
Stefanus walks onto the sands of the arena, fully outfitted in his secutor armor, holding the round shield and sword of his class to stand opposite Bacchus in his own lighter armor, the net in his left hand and the trident shining in the sunlight in his right, his face one of grim determination. For all the time they had trained together, sparred together, Bacchus has never looked so serious, so deadly. Stefanus looks up to the editor’s box to find Hadrianus standing, his arm suspended to give the order, and Antony behind him, his expression fraught as he stares back at him…
“If I’m forced to stare at that shirt all night, then maybe.”
“Come on, Rhodey,” Tony begs one day. “All we have to do is get some of the guys together, dismantle a car, and make some cosmetic modifications to it to make it look like a campus police cruiser, then reassemble it on the roof of the Great Dome.”
“You still have the choice to walk away, human.”
“How long?”
Purple Man isn’t stupid. There must be an endgame to this little venture, a bigger play, and he wants in on the ground floor of whatever Stark’s got planned. It’s not too difficult. He’s used to this, to getting what he wants exactly when he wants it. No one can resist at this range. Truth told, he should have ruled the world with his power, though he’s limited to only as far as his pheromones can travel. But Stark? Stark has the money, the social capital, and the ideas – the very means he’d need to take over everything – but he clearly lacks the stomach for it. The want, that clawing needy ambition in his belly, now that’s where Purple Man
“You– you don’t have to say that.”
“I am not in the habit of… airing anyone’s personal affairs. No one need concern themselves with what happens between consenting adults.”
“The guy trying to find the exit.”
He probably didn’t considering he and Bucky enlisted directly after high school, but Tony thinks public high school still had things like tests and projects.
Tony crosses his arms. “Do we each get our own sandwich, or will we be sharing?”
“That’s blasphemy.”
Tony pulls down his shades to give him a cursory glance, just like in the movies. “Tony.”
“…If we get out of here right now, we may be able to catch the tail-end of the firefight.”
“Alright.”
When Tiberius wasn’t criticizing whatever Antony was or was not doing, he could be quite sweet. It confuses Antony, makes him think that he is the problem. If he can just figure out the puzzle that is Tiberius’s triggers and dark moods, if he can avoid upsetting him, then perhaps Tiberius will treat Antony better all the time. Such a result is unattainable, of course, but Antony does not know that, at least not at sixteen.
“You two are disgusting,” Nat says as she and Clint approach, followed shortly behind by Sam and Bucky.
“For starters: You don’t. You’re underage.”
“Dead.”
“And such an arrangment would entail?” Stefanus knows it might be impertinent to ask, but he doesn’t want to agree to something so nebulous.
It could be a trick. Bucky could be another bully, swooping in when Steve’s guard is down to uncertain ends, but then again, he did stick up for him. He didn’t need to do that, and Steve can’t yet surmise what possible scam Bucky might be angling for, and so he tentatively agrees, “…Okay.”
“What if we add a hat?” Stark suggests.
“Not you, boy. The editor, Barbatus,” Fidelis grits out, leaning over to spit into the dust as if the very name proved sour and fetid on his tongue. His wrinkled visage contracts into a scowl, the lines of his face deepening. “He never reprieves losing retiarii, no matter their skill or popularity. Hell, with your helmet dislodged and face bared, it would have been you with your neck outstretched and pierced at his pleasure had you lost. That sick fuck has a thing for beautiful blonds.”
Pepper calls back, and Steve rejects the incoming call.
Crawl under a rock and die.
“I was once a retiarius as well,” Stefanus points out, his eyes narrowing. “Are you really going to reject good coin?”
The price is certainly highway robbery, but the merchant’s calculator is dusty and cracked, at least thirty years out of date with some of the buttons barely functional. There’s a gaggle of children – he’s not sure if they’re the merchant’s own or his employees – staring up at him from under the table, where they have taken to crafting animals out of the clay mud sourced from the very ground they sit upon.
Antony chuckles at that, and Stefanus can feel the beautiful rumble of it. “Quinctius can wait until after my meeting. I can suffer the old windbag’s company later.”
Steve nearly fumbles the remote while Pinky loudly complains, “Hey dickheads, swap spit on your own time. The game is starting!”
Tony runs his fingers over his hair, ensuring that not a strand is out of place. “Yes, wouldn’t want to waste the celebratory champagne,
Tony measures up the man at a glance. Steve didn’t stand a chance even if he had been sober. He can see it now: Steve’s body would make such a small splash in the darkened waters below, barely noticeable in the wake of the steamship. “Gentleman, I’m sure we can resolve this misunderstanding amicably–”
“What do you like about it?” He’s curious of what Antony could possibly get out of it, having never been a fan of receiving himself.
Bucky gives Tony a curt once-over, likely sizing up the competition, so Tony stands up straighter, his chest puffed out in false bravado as he meets the other boy’s eye.
“And in practice?”
“You weren’t the one who had to go through second puberty. Backwards. All the weird hormones, not to mention being practically pintsize and easy to push around.” His voice had cracked and everything, but it was still preferable to–
“You’re going to tell me where you’re keeping Tony,” he demands, adjusting his hold to allow the man to speak while still keeping him steady.
Not enough for it to have made a difference, apparently.
“A lot of people rely on me.”
“It’s best not to think about it,” Steve replies. He takes out another one and then another, his knife zipping from the eye of one then into the pate of another’s head. The zombies are always slower and easier to deal with in the dry heat of high noon. “And even if I did, I don’t think I would recognize them in this state.” Anything that had made them human, had made them individuals worth knowing and loving, is long gone.
“Uh huh,” he knocks an arrow in his crossbow. “Sam and I call dibs on the back room.”
Tony shrugs. “Well, you know what they say: Waste not, want not.”
The man looks him straight in the eye and says with the diplomatic (if flat) affect of one used to dealing with the public. “That’s what was ordered. We don’t question it. We only go by the specs provided to us.”
“I have to say Rhodey, I think going to Dr. Ferguson is really helping me, you know?” Tony tells him during one of their weekly calls. “So thank you for um… thanks for the recommendation.”
But the woman is persistent. “Hmmm.. yes, you said that, but it seems to me that a woman wouldn’t neglect her husband so soon after their nuptials unless there was trouble in paradise.” She looks at him through the curtain of her lashes. “We could go somewhere a little more… private, if you want to tell me all about it.”
“And also with you.”
“They would have been perfect either way,” Tony says with conviction. “Like you.”
Please check out the moodboard, which served as an inspiration for this fic. Additionally, the Bingo square was a picture of LEGO Cap and Iron Man standing side-by-side, so I incorporated LEGO in the fic.
“Would you like me to take care of you?” Stefanus asks, his thumb worrying Antony’s bottom lip.
Bacchus seems to chew on that for a long moment, seemingly phrasing and rephrasing his retort in his mind before asking, “If it’s that simple, then why are you so down? Why was I able to strike you thrice during our last bout? I’m good – don’t misunderstand me – but I’m not that good.”
“Yeah. The child prodigy in my materials class.” The guy tries to scrub out a particularly difficult stain, and Tony wonders if he’s imagining Tony’s neck under his rough fingers. “Fifteen. MIT student. Deeply philosophical musing on theoretical tech. It wasn’t that hard to put two and two together, though I’m surprised you came out tonight. Aren’t you usually holed up in your dorm or the labs?”
can pull this prank off and not get in trouble for it. You’ll receive a pat on the back. Boys will be boys, you know. That’s what they’ll say: Boys’ll be boys, especially if they’re white. And rich. But a black man on scholarship tries to pull that shit, and it’s just not gonna fly, okay? I’m sorry, but those are the facts, and wishing it was different isn’t going to make it so.”
“I’ll figure it out. It’s not like you’re graduating anytime soon,” he looks over at the dessert menu on the small laminated marquee on their table. “Want to split a slice of apple?”
“He’s with you right now. Some would say that makes him complicit. Your mother promised Sarah to take care of the boy before she passed, but… he’s 18 now, too, isn’t he? No longer a boy by your reckoning.”
“I knew you couldn’t stay away,” Pepper tells him as Tony loads her footlocker atop his and Steve’s bags to be taken onto the transatlantic steamship. “This is your second failed retirement, is it not?”
He draws back, his eye on the target, then he lets the arrow fly, executing a perfectly-centered bullseye.
Oral sex was every taboo. Os impurum meaning filthy mouth or impure mouth implied those who provided oral sex and was an extreme obscenity. In comedies, oral sex causes toxic bad breath and may turn a fine perfume to fish sauce or a hot cake to excrement. The graffiti Tony finds referring to his father is adapted from the original Pompeii graffiti Isidorum aedilem oro vos faciatis optime cunulincet meaning “Vote for Isidorus for aedile, he licks cunts the best.”
Romulus looks from Antony to the man in the ring, who now has his opponent in a headlock. “Do you think it wise?”
Steve grabs the stick when it goes in for a third jab. “Quit doing that. I won’t tell you again,” he says through grit teeth.
Stefanus spills him across the bed, each stripping off the remainder of their clothing until he is nude and hovering over Antony with Antony’s thighs spread wide to accommodate him. Their lips meet once more, and then there are no more words between them.
“He’s trouble.”
It’s Steve’s own fault. He had been waiting for the perfect opportunity, like some world-ending cataclysm where he and Tony were the last two left standing, and as they faced the multitudinous horde (with – and this is important – absolutely no chance of survival), Steve would then look to Tony, desperate and hopeless, hold him close and tell him how much he meant to him, that if these were their last moments alive, he was glad it was with him. And maybe then, Tony would hold him back, not safe exactly but comforted in the knowledge that he wasn’t alone–
Stark looks at him, pensive, his head tilted in thought. “For someone who believes in the Force, you should have a little faith in your fellow man,” he finally says. “But let’s say there are no Jedi left. You show up on Tython, and no one else is there, and there is no way to contact anyone that remains…” His fingers tap a rhythm across his knees as he weighs his next words. “Have you considered… that is to say… you could always ditch the Jedi robes and hide out with me,” he offers before quickly adding, “at least until Order 66 has been rescinded.”
“Cap?” Stark whispers, but Rogers doesn’t respond, his eyes closed and shut off to what’s happening to his body.
His attraction to the secutor in the arena would have been no greater than average had his helmet not flown off halfway through his fight to reveal a stunning blond with a broad, handsome face and jawline that could have been chiseled out of marble. With those features, this modern-day Adonis should be by all rights one of the more popular gladiators among both women AND men; it’s a wonder he wore a helmet at all.
“What is
“My apologies.” Dracula sounds anything but sincere. “I didn’t see you there.” But he doesn’t let up on trying to close the door on Steve until Tony intervenes, gently pulling him away to let Steve through.
is the villain of this little plot.
“Yeah, I’ll sign,” he replies, “but I’m surprised you can still walk.”
Bacchus nods, reaching for his own winner’s purse when Stefanus interjects, “I’d like to contribute as well.”
Steve stubs his cigarette in the ashtray on the nightstand. “Right.”
Steve knocks on the bathroom door, impatient that Tony’s morning routine had taken nearly an hour already. “What are you doing in there? You better not be sleeping in the tub!”
Huh, Steve didn’t strike him as a bottom, but it made sense in a way. It was likely all the poor sap could manage pre-serum; perhaps he had just developed a taste for it. But Stark… Did Stark fuck Captain America so hard he
Steve must not hear him because he presses in deeper and moans, too drunk on his lover’s taste to register anything he’s saying.
Rhodey had been right. Not that that is surprising in itself, but Tony wonders why he fought even the idea of therapy so hard in the beginning.
Master Phillips is waiting at port, having already packed up all their purchased supplies, by the time Master Erskine arrives, the child he had already deemed psychologically unfit to be a Jedi in tow.
Stefanus brings a wooden sword down against Bacchus’s galerus. “Is this really the time?” he asks rather incredulously.
“Some of us have other priorities,” he says cryptically.
“And yet I have,” Antony points out. “It is done and announced. Publicly even and with their favor. Now, the question remains: Will a Staius go back on his word?”
“Damn you both, you’ve put out our fire!” Bucky tells them.
He has Tony on that one.
Steve – sweet, misguided, frustratingly-persistent Steve – wouldn’t let him. That bastard.
So he pulls on his tunic, scrapes together what little pride he has left, and does just that.
Antony had never had a friend his age before, and so he does what he had always seen work for his father: he purchases many a gift for Rabirius, who he had affectionately taken to calling Romulus due to his intelligence. For his part, Romulus accepts his gifts but tells him they are unnecessary, that he doesn’t need whatever bauble of friendship Antony had decided to bestow upon him, but the ploy did attract the others who had previously shunned him. And so it happens that for the first time in his life, Antony is popular, receiving the approval and affection he has always craved, though at a price. He habitually gifts favors to simpering “friends” and associates alike, until even Tiberius takes notice.
Steve lunges forward, his lips sealing over Tony’s in a kiss. For once, Tony is speechless, too surprised to move or respond in any way that could be construed as intelligible.
“Of course not. That would require him to string together words and thoughts into something a human person can understand.”
“Yeah, I um… I got sober, and uh… you told me to call you when that happened. Three months. Haven’t touched a drop.”
“Yeah… yeah, I know.”
From then on, Tony resolves to grow out his facial hair in an attempt to make himself look older. It grows in thin and patchy, but Tony cultivates it, hoping he can pass off his five-week growth as a five-o’clock shadow. It doesn’t really work. Even if his goatee had been passable, everyone already knew of Tony Stark, fifteen-year-old wunderkind. He is something of an anomaly on campus, and he wrecked the curve in all his classes, earning the ire of many an engineering student, who often jeered that the only friends he had were ones he had built himself.
Tony follows after her. “I like to think it made me resourceful.”
“You will be ready when I say you are, and not a day sooner.”
“…shameful.”
Steve only side-eyes it. “You sure you don’t want to be the honorable bearer of the royal dildo?”
“You taking this no-good, stinking-drunk mackerel snapper back to his homeland?” the man shoots back, his gaze fixed on Tony. “If so, you’re doing the Lord’s work.”
Accensum qui pedicat urit metulam = The one who buggers a fire burns his penis. (Ancient adage meaning ‘don’t stick your dick in crazy’)
. Also, from a practical point of view, he needs to protect the asset, and he can’t do that if he’s balls-deep in someone else.
Bucky must see the truth of the situation on his friend’s face, because he tries to backtrack. “Well, maybe it doesn’t mean anything, you know. It could have– well, maybe the unicorn… died?” he finishes lamely.
Only one way to find out.
Tony’s eyes boggle. “Excuse you?”
“Sixteen is legal in Boston,” Tony points out rather unhelpfully.
Things only go downhill from there.
They face off, each in deep concentration as they engage in the familiar dance of retiarius and secutor, shuffling back and forth in a circle around the other, Bacchus with his net looping around his left hand and Stefanus with his Celtic shield raised and wooden sword at the ready. Suddenly, Bacchus’s face alights as he looks over Stefanus’s shoulder towards the gate. “Isn’t that Staius over yonder?”
“Leave.”
Tony rubs his face, his fingers traveling up to run through his hair. “How’s he doing?”
“It’s not…” He narrows his eyes at Steve’s drawing, zeroing in on its design flaws. “Well, what about yours? What’s with the wings on his head?”
Tony wraps his arms around Steve, placing a chaste kiss on the corner of his mouth.
All hell breaks loose.
“It’s only for the semester. I’ll be back in the fall.”
Deliciae or delicati (meaning “toys” or “delights”), also known as a puer delicates (dainty boy): Beautiful male slave-boys who were sometimes castrated so they would keep their youthful androgynous features. Ideally, they’d have long hair which was wavy, fair, and perfumed.
“You can’t be serious,” –a pause– “He’s not qualified.”
Well now that’s an idea.
“They didn’t before.”
“I am not!”
Definitions:
Antony smirks at the final one, his absolute favorite:
Tony takes a minute to get over the shock, the joy, before crashing down to reality. “Dad, I love him,” he states flatly as he watches the two men he loves most try to kill each other.
“Oh bullshit. Tell me another one, huh? Maybe the one about Santa Claus?”
“I promise to try,” and that’s really the best Steve can do.
For now.
Antony is already shuffling off the toga, allowing it to fall from his shoulder. “Yes.”
An eleven-year-old Tony Stark meets and befriends the son of the new housekeeper.
But sometimes, their friendship stumbles over deeper rifts.
He doesn’t know what to expect from the man, and so he is surprised when he later learns (by way of a complaint from a regular) that Stefanus is off-limits. Apparently, Antony had negotiated an exclusive contract for his services with Priscus until the end of the election season, being not one to ‘share.’
“Or more zombies,” Bucky murmurs from his right.
Bacchus narrows his eyes. “And what will he get for his trouble? What do you have with which to tempt him?”
Perhaps that is why he is so apprehensive when Steve asks if he can have a private moment alone with Dracula.
Steve grabs the receiver, switching to channel SR107BB, where a message is already transmitting in intergalactic standard, the same word over and over.
The bartender only looks at him, completely confused. “Mr. Stark, we’ve never met before tonight.”
Stefanus can only chuckle. “I think she is otherwise engaged.”
“But if it is, I’m saying it right now: You’re on your own.”
“Tony–”
Tony frowns. “Okay, I’m going to let that slide because you’re upset and I’m magnanimous like that, but have you ever considered that you don’t have to be a Boy Scout to be an amazing Cap?”
“No, it’s not Rhodey,” Tony calls out weakly, trying to sit up and failing. He plops back on the pillows of the hospital bed. “Goddamn it, don’t drag him in here! I swear, Cap, you’ll be the death of me.”
Tony hangs up. He lies back on the bed then covers his face in his hands and wants to scream.
“You know you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.”
“I’d love to.”
Clint just wishes he didn’t have to witness it first-hand.
“My hero,” Tony deadpans, completely unimpressed. “So. You thought you’d save me, and I’d… do what? Jump on your dick in a show of gratitude?”
“Your breath is fine. Pop a mint or whatever.” That’s what they always did in the movies.
Flustered, Steve stands, barely sparing a glance at his groaning opponent. “I’m going to forage for more food.” He dusts off his robes. “Don’t follow me.”
Stefanus and Bacchus circle each other, alternately charging and retreating as necessary. There is a jab, a block, then parry, and back again. Stefanus stepping in close with his sword as Bacchus falls back, trying to keep his distance, to ready the net. They have practiced these moves thousands of times before. Stefanus knows his every move, his every tell, but Bacchus also knows his as well. He sees the feint and blocks the strike with his shield, his senses on high alert. For several tense minutes, they continue, neither gaining ground on the other as they exchange blows, try to find and exploit a flaw in their defenses. It is the way of the retiarii, to bid their time, to dance just outside the radius of danger as their opponents tire under the weight of their armor. Stefanus knows he has to end it soon; he just needs–
“Seemed like the thing to do.”
“No really, I’ll pay for replacements. I’m– I’m good for it.”
“I see.” More scribbling.
“Jan’s trying to ‘make things work’ with Hank,” he tells him through grit teeth. At Tony’s look of surprise, he turns away. “Don’t ask.” Steve doesn’t even know why he’s still so broken up over it. They hadn’t dated that long and weren’t even engaged at the time. Jan hadn’t been like Gail, ripped away from him six months shy of their wedding. And yet…
Stefanus buries his face in Antony’s exposed neck, smiling at the skin there. “You’re going to be late.”
Suibne makes a jabbing motion with his wooden dagger.
“Fratres semper, Stefanus.”
Steve blushes the color of boiled lobster and starts to fidget. “I– I mean… I just meant to say... um…” He stumbles over an explanation, clearly flustered. “What I mean is we should eat out, not each other out. I know you guys wouldn’t be into that, and it’s not like I would be either, so–”
“Breakfast in bed,” Steve replies as he turns off the stove.
Stark’s interest sounds piqued. “A fugitive?” he repeats. “I would ask if you are on the market for some professional help, but I suppose you have already contracted a bounty hunter…”
“He will grow.”
“Cap, don’t–” he rasps, trying to warn him.
Steve steps aside, his arms out in a flourish. “After you. Age before beauty.”
Steve isn’t too sure what reaction he was expecting, but attempted murder hadn’t been on the list.
Slowly, tentatively, Steve reaches over to place a hand on Stark’s knee. “Is that offer from the other night still available?”
Steve lights up, the ember at the end burning a bright red to ashen grey even as he coughs through the smoke. “I have to breathe it in deep. Doc says the cough is how I know it’s working.”
“I can’t… I’m not like you,” Steve tells him forcefully, turning to face him. “It’s easy for you to say that because you’re Tony Stark: hedonistic billionaire extraordinaire. People expect you to sleep around. But Captain America… Captain America comes with different expectations, a higher standard of behavior.”
“…Really?”
“I will not murder Bacchus.”
“It feels better being cared for for once.”
“I’m sure Marvels would jump on the chance for a special issue. My run was quite popular.” Tony says, wedging himself into the opening, that slight glimmer of weakness where Rhodey might reconsider. “You’ll be well-compensated, naturally.”
Amber seems to size up his date, finally settling on: “Hmmm… aren’t you a tall drink of water? But then again, Tony has always had impeccable taste. You want to watch? Maybe tag in? Tony isn’t shy; this would hardly be his first Devil’s Threesome. It wouldn’t even be his fifth.”
, and though it isn’t real, Tony is his
to advertise our plans in advance. In short, I was determined not to repeat that mistake with my husband, and Captain America… Steve, he understands. He knew Tasha and has been there for me every step of the way.”
“No need to play coy. There are guards enough outside; we will not be disturbed.” It is a warning wrapped up in a promise of privacy, as if someone walking in on them is Suibne’s only concern. “Now, would you like a cup of wine? A braised tongue of flamingo perhaps?”
Stefanus grasps his friend’s bare right shoulder. “Take care, Bacchus.” He doesn’t know what he would do if–
Steve knows he’s being selfish. He is well aware of the Mandalorian code. He knows the helmet stays on no matter what, but: “Can– can I kiss you?” he asks softly, a touch hesitant. Stark goes rigid beside him. “It’s just… I’ve never – that is to say, I haven’t… um. Well–”
Or barring that perfect scenario, then perhaps before prom, if Steve ever gathered the courage to talk to the guy. It’s not like he thought about it… much.
“Naw, not that Stevie’s said. I think they’re just letting him stay indefinitely.”
“I don’t want to be your father,” Stark clarifies, clearly disturbed at the very idea, “but I could use a partner, someone to watch my back from time to time, and your Jedi tricks have proved pretty useful so far, so…”
Steve raises a brow. “Isn’t it?”
“You need to stroke opposite of me or else we’re just going to circle,” Tony complains later that afternoon when they are sitting in their couple’s kayak. He paddles once again, the craft listing right, as he looks over his shoulder. “Who taught you how to steer?”
“You can’t stack him with so many abilities. He needs a weakness.” A good hero always had something. Hawkeye is deaf; Black Widow is haunted by wicked deeds past; Thor has been cast out of his family due to hubris; Bruce Banner can’t control the Hulk; and Iron Man has his bum ticker.
“Hm, I am surprised anything I do warrants the notice of the paterfamilias. I must be moving up in the world.”
“Hard pass.”
She looks like she could be sleeping, Tony thinks; only her lips are red, and she never wore makeup to bed. His father is present for the occasion, but Tony wonders if he would have been had she died in the summer instead of autumn, if he even cares.
Steve imagines Tony bravely struggling against Dr. Pym’s advances, trying to twist out of his grip as the man threatened to fail him, to get him booted from the academy altogether if he doesn’t let him.
“I didn’t say that.” Stark rolls his eyes. “I’m just saying most people would assume you’d be the one to… I don’t know, to pitch, and it’s kind of funny that Clint decided the opposite.”
And so, Tony’s gaze snaps back from the matching pink vanity to face Steve, his neck swiveling so fast, he’s surprised he doesn’t suffer a case of whiplash. “Are you color-blind? It’s pink.”
It’s what his current master would have wanted.
“She got up a little late, and I thought she could use some breakfast,” Steve replies, tucking into a second egg sandwich. “Cynthia’s nice; you should call her.”
“I’m certain we can come to an understanding,” Antony says. “I have an event tomorrow, and it wouldn’t do for me to go unguarded.”
Antony says nothing, but his face darkens, grows cold and furious. Stefanus should wait, but there is more he must ask, and he’d rather do it all at once than piecemeal, lest Antony think him dishonest or greedy.
Antony blinks in confusion. “I would like to obtain some perfume to improve the ambience of the villa. Some rosewater or sandlewood, perhaps even iris if they have it.”
“You really shouldn’t have, Antony,” Romulus is saying, holding up a toga of fine silk dyed black with a silvered shawl that shone in the light. It is quite the upgrade from the standard white wool he normally wears.
And yet another:
So… to understand Tony’s jealousy, you should know that among gladiators, retiarii had the lowest status and were seen as the most effeminate class compared to more heavily armed gladiators, such as secutores. (Many retiarii may have trained as Samnites, later called secutores, to elevate their status, as Steve does in this fic.) Regardless of low public opinion of their relative status, retiarii were also depicted as both highly skilled combatants and lovers. Possibly because you could actually see their faces, they tended to be very popular among women and some men based on contemporary graffiti. Basically, in this fic, Tony is under the impression that not only is Bucky Steve’s closest friend, but that he might be somewhat of a romantic rival who may also be willing to take on a similarly receptive role for Steve.
Rogers complies, slipping between Stark and his desk and bending over to present his pert ass to the man. His back muscles twitch and quiver, in excitement, anticipation, or fear, Purple Man is unsure. Even from this angle, he really doesn’t understand the appeal. Rogers may be well-formed, but he’s bulky and much too tall, bigger than Iron Man even. But if he’s what Stark wants, who is Purple Man to judge?
Rogers squirms, held in place by Purple Man’s persuasion. “Tony…”
“No, sometimes I use raw charm.” Tony gives her one of his best looks, the one that usually got women to come home with him, though that likely had more to do with the fame and fortune attached to the Stark name than Tony himself. Only one way to find out. “Is it working?”
Steve remains where he is, his head bobbing above water. “I’m keeping an eye out for… others.”
“What? It’s a compliment!”
Death by mortification. What a way to go.
“What I prefer is immaterial. I am not paying for the choice.”
“You think
“Though again, we ask you to consider their current forms an improvement,” the first interjects. “You only need speak a word, and you may join your friends.”
Stefanus doesn’t stay in the arena for the ceremonial confirmation of death and removal of the corpse. He doesn’t watch as an official dressed in the robes of Dis Pater strikes Aemilius with a mallet then another dressed as Mercury touches a glowing branding iron to the body to prove he is no longer of this world. Nor does he watch as Aemilius is laid on the couch of Libitina to be carried to the morgue where he will be divested of his valuable armor and throat slashed to further ensure death. Because in the end, what is the value of a man, an auctoratus who must sell himself to the games to feed his family? Aemilius lies dead, and Stefanus is his executioner, the knife Rome used to cut a good man’s life short.
His breath shallows in the claustrophobic space of his helmet, the exertion and underlying fear shortening the effort further.
In all, Stark is gentler than what Steve had expected of the Mandalorian. His touches are needy and spread like fire across Steve’s skin, hot and electrifying, but when he takes him from behind, he presses slow but firm into Steve, causing him to gasp, to nearly squirm at the foreign intrusion.
“Big step.”
Clint is about to crack another joke, something about Steve’s losing on purpose to get back at Stark, who would be the one footing the bill for his ruined furniture, when Stark limps into the kitchen and gingerly slides into an open seat across from him, his face screwed up in pain as he settles in.
“Honeybear’s at the National Society of Black Engineers tonight. He’s angling to be president by senior year,” Tony gushes over the phone. “And he can pull it off, too. He’s got real leadership potential, you know. No bullshit.”
“Ní hé sin m’ainm.”
“Hang on! I’m going to get you help,” Steve says, just as he bursts through the fire escape door and beats a path towards the main foyer. They must look quite the picture: a half-naked Tony with blood streaming down his lower face onto his shirt, flecks of white petals plastered to his chin, being whisked away by a topless Steve. The others go silent as Steve bellows, “Nat, call 911!”
He finds Steve in his room, an opened duffle back on the floor that is already half-full of various clothing items and toiletries.
they survive.
“Say Tony, there’s this new Evil Dead movie that came out recently. Have you seen it yet?”
“I may have implied that Servilius isn’t half the man his sister is.”
“Not necessarily. Just hear me out on this one,” Tony says, waving his spoon in the air. “There’s this guy that I like.”
“How gullible do you think I am exactly? The one time I bring a man home, and it’s got you tied up in knots, and you expect me to somehow believe it’s unrelated? That you’re cool with me liking dick? Well, fuck you, Steve Rogers. Fuck–”
Stark plants Steve’s hands on his hips, limiting them to the relative safety of his waist.
For Tony, the worst thing about starting a new school is how much younger he is compared to his supposed peers.
“Oh God; you feel so good, so tight.” He drives forward then shudders in place against Tony’s slicked ass, inspiring a shivery feeling up his spine. He leans over to plant open-mouthed kisses along the back of Tony’s neck, along the plane of his shoulder. “I can’t believe you’re mine. Tell me you’re mine, Tony.”
Stefanus picks up his sword as he rises to his feet then looks to the editor’s box where the local magistrate, Barbatus, holds out a closed fist. He holds his breath as he watches the thumb emerge from the side, momentarily suspended between life and death before turning upward, much to the vocal displeasure of the crowd.
Master Erskine grumbles, but he holds up his hands. “Eighty” he holds up eight fingers; “five” he switches to five. “Final offer.”
There’s a soft harrumph on the other end. “I told you to stop calling me that.”
Perhaps if present company had been more pleasant, Steve would have been less on edge.
“Tony,” Dum Dum says, his tone serious, missing the jocular quality common to his speech. “Stevie’s mom died. The wake is this weekend.”
And now they’re going to have to live with it forever.
He barely hears Antony tell him “I will show you I can please you better than Bacchus” through the white noise in his mind. He doesn’t even react when he feels a wet mouth engulf his cock, sliding up and down his burgeoning erection. His vision blurs, and then the feeling is gone, and Antony’s unfocused face invades the periphery.
Stark reaches into his side-drawer, rifling through the contents before selecting a half-used bottle of lube.
“We learned basic survival techniques.”
,” Tony explains, looking appropriately heartbroken while not disrespectful to his ‘husband.’ “My relationship with Ms. Romanova was very real, and her death made me realize that as Ultimates, we and everyone we love will always be targets. We are not guaranteed a tomorrow, and it might be…
“It’s a chainsaw.”
said bad things about
“Perhaps we should explore that.”
It’s not like any of them had much of an opportunity. Barton had taken to wearing the vigilante mask at all times, shedding his name to assume the moniker of Hawkeye full time. He is angry, bitter, and one day, the Ultimates might just have to put him down if he couldn’t stop, but that day hadn’t come. Not yet. Steve hopes it never does.
“Steve has no need of letters, not when what we do requires not the review of land deeds and contracts but of skill and physical prowess and more than a little luck,” Dum Dum says. He stands with some difficulty – the result of age and heft – and traverses the short distance to the duo. “Speaking of… come away, Steve. Wouldst you rather we join the others in a game of dice? Gabriel is on a hot streak, but it will certainly chill with the addition of a jinx such as yourself.”
“Good news then, because I suddenly lost my appetite.”
Thankfully, Antony drops it, and the evening progresses quite pleasantly from there. Stefanus tells him an abridged version of his life, sanitizing the unsavory bits for his audience by leaving out his resentment of his station and fury over the Roman conquest – he is no fool – and deftly trying to redirect the conversation back to Antony’s life, his trials and tastes. If he can figure out his endgame, then he will know what to expect, what Antony wants from him.
They check into one of the private luxury pool villas dotting the hillside of Koh Phangan, a tropical paradise renowned for its gorgeous ocean views and impeccable service, the atmosphere conducive to rest, relaxation, and above all, romance…
“The script is… ambiguous. It could mean anything really, and there’s this very interesting bit about his wives here. Married who I think is his sister, or half-sister rather, but surely it was just a ceremonial thing–”
“It’s a matter of practicality.”
Tony directs the flashlight inward, towards the bowels of the tomb. “It won’t be inside him.”
Antony walks back to his own bed, shedding his voluminous toga along the way.
“Which is staying?”
“He’s a retiarius tunicate,” Fidelis interjects, having stopped in his rounds to observe the utter disappointment that is his new recruit. “All he needs to learn is how to outrun the opposition.”
He staggers into the hypogeum, out of the light and roiling shouts of the arena.
If it had just been Tony at risk of being disowned, he would have called Howard’s bluff in a heartbeat, but he can’t do it to Steve, jeopardize his home and welfare just to prove a point.
He rolls his eyes, his tone already weary when he asks, “Are you here to make fun of me?”
Cap’s eyes are drawn to his stomach, and Tony bristles under the scrutiny. “Are you… are you pregnant?” he finally asks, cutting to the meat of the matter.
Steve knows he is pressing his luck, but “Nothing at all?”
“Jesus, you’re boring.”
Steve lifts a brow, completely unphased. “And how is that going for you?”
His private piano teacher is a kind man, passionate about music and patient enough with his young pupils to never so much as raise his voice or declare Tony a lost cause after the third missed note in as many minutes.
“Nice to meet you, sir,” but he doesn’t sound sincere to Master Phillips’s ear.
” – he can’t help but roll his eyes – “to refuse. Plus, his old nemesis – who is a Nazi, alright? – has resurfaced as a top villain in world affairs.”
“What beard?”
“Did you and the bartender date?”
Before Tony knows it, he’s lying supine on the couch, his hands gesticulating wildly, talking about all sorts of things, about Mom and Howard, and Steve and MIT, about having to grow up too fast to fit in. Their time is up, but he comes back week after week, divulging more and more of his inner turmoil, his doubts and feelings. It’s freeing in a way, to share all his intimate thoughts and experiences with a stranger, a professional. It really cuts the weight of it all in half, helps him come full circle. It’s what is making him sick, and this allows him to release the pressure valve every once in a while, to process and overcome his personal traumas…
“I’ll do whatever the mission calls for.” Steve replies with no hesitation, his jaw gone tight and teeth clenched at Tony’s flippancy over his presumed sexuality.
“How’s MIT?” Steve had often asked during their twice-a-week phone call. “Is college all it’s cracked up to be?” They had all seen the movies. Steve probably thought Tony went on panty raids fueled by underage drinking binges every weekend.
“You are free to join me, Stefanus,” he tells him, his voice low and purposely seductive. “It is rather warm in here, don’t you think?”
Bacchus is chosen as a last-minute substitution in his stead.
Not while his father had been alive anyway.
(If asked later why he had chosen to engage with Antony, perhaps Tiberius would have said he wanted to see how the plebian (though equally rich) half lived, to slum it a little so to speak, or perhaps he was simply bored and Antony had been convenient.)
“Or something?”
“You look like you can use some company,” a gorgeous woman in a too-tight dress says as she sidles in next to Steve, a martini balanced carefully in one hand.
. So what if he doesn’t get a kiss as well? That’s like eating a full meal and complaining about missing the amuse-bouche. “It’s nothing.”
is what had been drilled into every ten year old’s head before puberty. So Tony is well-aware of the mechanics of it all, but with dawning horror, he also begins to understand the how. He had wanted Steve for years, had occasionally fantasized about what it would be like to have a family with the man, and Steve must have been drunk enough last night that Tony was able to convince him, however briefly, that he had wanted it too.
“Your husband.”
“What if it is?”
“And lube. You can never have too much lube. Don’t use baby oil though, because oil dissolves latex, and uh… see rule number one about protection.”
“Stark–”
“There is no reason I cannot do both.”
“That’s so cool! I’ve never seen so many! Can we play with those?”
Stark is already booking it towards the cockpit. “We have to leave. Now.”
Cold iron is considered harmful to faeries or somehow inert to magic, and they do NOT take kindly to people carrying it. Medieval maces were sometimes made of iron.
The guy stops, turns to look at him, disbelief clear on his face. “We talking the blonde student you were chatting up tonight? Amber?”
“What we have witnessed here today is a love rivaling that of Achilles and Patrocles, where both are willing to die to spare the other from ruin, from destruction, both willing to march into the face of death rather than suffer the loss of the other,” Antony shouts. “I, for one, am moved by their devotion and so in recognition of such a display, I, Antonius Staius on behalf of Marcus Staius Hadrianus, grant both combatants the rudis, and along with it, their freedom.”
Tony isn’t.
“He wants me by his side. Permanently. He offered to buy me from Priscus, to become my dominus so I can live at the villa as his concubinus.” It’s an odd thing, being given a choice in such matters. A normal dominus wouldn’t think twice to purchase and use a slave to his own satisfaction with little regard for the slave’s thoughts on such an arrangement. It’s yet another incident that marked Antony as peculiar amongst those in his station.
It’s not entirely surprising. The hugs that went on a tad too long, the furtive glances, their ‘sparring’ sessions that were anything but innocent to even the outside observer followed by locker room showers… it was bound to happen eventually.
He pushes down quickly, efficiently, sheathing the sword through Aemilius’s neck downwards, spearing his heart. Aemilius chokes, shudders, and falls to the side, his body spasming and twitching, blood spilling from his mouth and neck as his eyes unfocus and roll back.
“Translation is more an art than a science. This will be something for scholars to puzzle over for generations after we–”
“Exactly.”
“You’ll regret it, Tones. When you sober up and Steve knows and you know he knows, you’ll regret it.”
One of the upsides of having had sex with Captain America (besides the obvious) is that the man is more reserved around Tony. When Tony talks back to him at the next team meeting, instead of flying off the handle at the thought of an omega challenging his authority, Cap tries harder to be civil, even if Tony can see him practically bite his tongue off with the effort. Hell, if he had known sex was all it took to clip the man’s metaphorical wings, Tony would have fucked him months ago.
“Would you like a refill on that drink, Mr. Stark?” a barmaid asks him, an old-fashioned primed and ready on her tray.
When Steve emerges from the room hours later, he settles in at an outdoor cabana outside the hotel bar and orders a drink, charging it to the room. It’s unlikely to affect him in any way, but having it in hand helps him fit in, makes it so that the barmaid stops asking if he wants a drink every five minutes.
Rhodey doesn’t even pause from reviewing his notes from their most recent lecture as he replies, “If she’s at least 18, yeah man. No one likes being talked down to.”
“Are you attempting to bribe me, Mr. Stark?”
And with that, Stark crouches down to lift up the hatch. “Your carriage awaits,” he tells Steve with a flourish.
“The King is dead,” Tony interjects. Howard had wasted forty-six years of his life, had sacrificed his wife and his relationship with his son on the altar of this pointless all-consuming obsession. No way in hell is Tony about to continue his folly.
“No!” Dracula cries out. He tries to cover Steve’s mouth with an iron grip that may have crushed the jaw of a lesser man.
“Why does that matter? He’s happy to serve. Aren’t you, Captain?”
“I want to go to school for art,” Steve says over a lunch of burgers. “I’m probably not going to make enough money to pay you back for a fancy education.”
“I would like that, Dominus.”
“I always drink.”
“So instead you aim to trade the possibility of Bacchus’s death at your hand for the certainty of your death at his?” Antony knows it is cruel, that it is manipulative, but in that moment, he cares not. “Should you lose, Hadrianus as editor will signal your death, and Bacchus must kill you, but if you win… if you win, Bacchus at least has a chance of reprieve should he fight well enough for the crowd to demand it. Hadrianus does not know of your connection, and– and he is not senselessly barbaric in his proclivities. He will not risk angering the constituency over an unpopular call,” he reasons. “I implore you to consider your situation. Could you really do that to Bacchus then? Force him to fell you in the arena should you fail to fight to the best of your ability?”
“It’s
Rogers makes a frustrated sound in the back of his throat and lunges at Tony, too quick for the man to react, and plants his lips over Tony’s own, his hands pressing bruises into Tony’s upper arms and mouth swallowing any
A common tunic typically costs around 15 sestertii. (For reference a loaf of bread cost around 2 Asses. A Roman secretary made around 15 denarii a month, and a lecturer made 12 denarii a month. Rent ranged from 48-288 denarii/year while a male slave cost approximately 500 denarii and a female slave could run you 2000-6000 denarii.)
Rogers lets out a low, strangled groan followed by a pant and a breathy “Jesus, Tony. That… That feels so good.” He pushes back incrementally on Tony’s fingers, shallowly thrusting against the desk.
“He is a feisty one and ill-tempered at that,” the slaver explains as he glares down at Suibne.
“Your mother died to bring you into this world, and this is what you do with that gift? My conscience in this matter is clear; is yours?”
“You hungry? My mom made baloney sandwiches,” Bucky offers them both.
Steve turns just in time as a zombie, its gaping maw open to reveal teeth dull and yellowed but still sharp, clamps down on the thick leather armor of his upper arm while another grasps onto him. In surprise and terror, Steve pushes off the one that had tried to bite him, withdrawing his knife to plunge it up through its lower jaw back into its brain stem while he simultaneously tries to create space between himself and the second. At the same time, three more advance, attracted to the commotion, their hands up and trying to grab at Tony’s legs to pull him down.
…Right?
“It doesn’t always hurt. If a man uses oil, if he’s slow… sometimes it doesn’t feel half-bad,” Bacchus replies. “Some people like it – older men even – especially if…”
Tony pulls out a flashlight, tapping it on until it sputters to a bright shine, then enters the darkened passage with Steve following close behind.
But what’s worse than having less of Steve’s attention is how different the other boy acts when amongst his old friends.
The accusation must hit close to home, because Hodge turns tail with an exasperated “I don’t have time for this” and leaves.
“Just some notes,” Dr. Ferguson replies. “What makes you think your father didn’t like you?”
“You didn’t drink.”
Steve shrugs. “Who doesn’t? I never had very many on account of… well, mostly, I played with Bucky’s WWII set, you know. We had a whole thing where we were like soldiers who saved people from the bad guys.”
And so he pounds on the wall as a reminder that some people (AKA Clint) are trying to sleep, and the dulcet sounds of his two team leaders vigorously fucking each other –
“Anyone hungry?” Clint asks absently from the chair adjacent to Nat. His thumbs sweep across the screen of his phone, clearing indicating he is deeply invested in some mobile game.
“Steve?”
It’s a passing fancy of course. In a matter of days, they’ll be on the ship heading towards Tython. Steve will reunite with the survivors (including Bucky, if he’s lucky), and they’ll make a plan to proceed from there.
But Steve is already looking past him into his expansive game room. “Are those Legos?” he asks, referring to Tony’s collection of kits he had built, torn down, and spliced together into his own make-believe hodgepodge metropolis.
But Antony had to be selfish, had to hold onto someone who was never his to begin with, and now Stefanus will pay the ultimate price.
“I’m not very good at this.”
“Perhaps,” Pepper allows as she schools her features, trying to be diplomatic, “though its form is rather… suggestive.”
It is not the last concession he makes.
There is a pause, a recalibration as the crowd recontextualizes the fight they witnessed as in line with the heroic ideals of the past, where men willingly marched towards their fated deaths due to all-too-human feelings, like grief and love. There’s a light smattering of confused clapping, the waving of the flap of toga, and just like that, their earlier disapproval has dissipated into the ether.
The phone picks up. “Hello?” Steve sounds good, sounds happy…
Tony nods. “Yeah.”
“Why do I…” Steve’s features twist into unconcealed rage. “I love you, you asshole!” he seethes.
In other words: Perfect.
The unicorn whinnies, which Tony must take as a yes, because he pats her neck then runs his fingers through her snow-white mane, stopping to scratch behind her ears.
When Steve doesn’t answer right away, Tony shakes his head. “I’m sorry; that was out of line. Old habits, you know. Ignore me.”
“To a what? A coworker? A friend?”
They haggle over his purchase price as if Suibne is a barren bone-thin cow fit only for marrow for the stew pot until they settle on a price amenable to both.
The vampire puts down his goblet of blood. “Please, please, Dracula was my father’s name.”
Bacchus can’t really counter such sound logic, and so he can only agree. “Then it will be so.”
“Right pocket on the smaller Gucci toiletry bag next to the lube,” Tony tells him, but he locks his thighs around Steve’s legs. “You don’t need one, you know. I was checked not too long ago, and I haven’t been with anyone since due to well…” he looks down the line of their bodies at his own dick, plumped but mostly flaccid. That had likely done a number on his sex life, not to mention his self-esteem. “Recent developments. And it’s been a while for you, too. Six months since Jan, and you had your physical three months ago.”
“What are you going to do about it, Rogers? Hit me?” the other boy challenges.
“You. Want to have sex. With me?” Steve repeats, parsing out the phrases. He understands each individually and even strung together, but the implications of that sentiment are immense, too big for him to get a handle on it.
“He was leaving just as I was coming in. I think he got a little turned around,” Steve clarifies, his tone stern, reproachful.
“I told you we’d both fit.”
“Steve!”
Tony hisses – “Watch it, Cap,” – as he readjusts his position so that the wire shelf doesn’t press so hard against the bruise blooming across his lower back. Just because J.A.R.V.I.S. medically cleared him after the Avengers’ last mission doesn’t mean he wants to exacerbate his injuries. The janitorial closet in Corridor 3C of the Triskelion may not be particularly spacious, but it will do in a pinch.
All that being said, Steve still preferred the women to the drugs.
“What?”
He draws his lightsaber, activating the crystal beam, prepared to take out as many of them as he can before his inevitable death. He would like to say he is at peace with his fate, but that would be a lie. Truth is, he is angry that it has come to this. It is the end, the very hour of his death, and ultimately, he couldn’t save anyone, not Master Erskine nor Master Phillips.
Definitions:
stopped Steve Rogers.
“You’re getting too old for this,” Tiberius says, his tone cruelly casual as he crushes Antony’s still-beating heart. “Your ass has started to sprout hair. I tried to ignore it because I care for you, but it’s unseemly and rather perverse should we continue.”
Tony is thoroughly disappointed.
Tony would settle for being a good man, but even that feels like an impossibly high bar to clear these days, all things considered.
“Rest. You earned it.”
Rogers grits his teeth, his back straight and shoulders squared. “I won’t beat a man while he’s defenseless, but you will learn your place on this team.”
“There’s a giant TV where we can screen movies,” Tony fumbles, trying to remember what cool kids on TV like, “or… well, there’s a pool, and uh…”
Erasmus smiles. “Perhaps not.”
“…To a what, Tony?”
“For mother.”
“I don’t need to prove anything to you.”
Steve chuckles, a broken sound. “Then they found less than half of them,” he admits. “A lot of them probably wouldn’t have recognized me or maybe they just forgot.”
Tony Stark momentarily speechless, and Steve had managed such a feat in less than a week. Impressive, but–
“Is it always like this with you?” Antony whispers in the dark. He’s lying on his side, one arm thrown over Stefanus’s middle, cradling him close.
“Still not interested,” she states flatly, not even pausing in her even pace towards her locker.
So… last night hadn’t been a simple nightmare but the actual hate-fueled fuck fest he remembers. They had gotten into an argument – a common incident since the formation of the Avengers ten months prior – but one that had escalated in intensity until an irate sort of lust overcame their better judgment. He had tried to shut Cap up by shoving his dick in his mouth (which hadn’t worked), and Cap had in turn bent Tony over his workbench and fucked him so thoroughly, Tony barely managed to muster the limited brainpower required for the most banal of insults. They were half-hearted at best, ill-conceived and lacking even the shadow of truth that could cut his adversaries to the quick. Because there’s no way Cap took that whole ‘small-dicked wonder’ thing seriously when he was buried balls-deep in Tony’s moaning, shivering body, plowing deeper within than any other alpha had ever managed to do. And Cap knew it too, that bastard.
“And how does that make you feel?”
And if Antony plays the role of Ganymede to Stefanus’s Zeus, well no one is around to bear witness to such a spectacle.
Rhodey sighs, deciding to speak plainly of an uncomfortable truth. “Look Tones, maybe
“Pack it up, men,” James is telling the others. “Unless we can convince Stevie to play the banker, he will surely bankrupt us all save one in three throws.”
“Steve kissed you?!”
The search for Atlantis had been their last case, the very last installment of Tony Stark Adventures for “Marvels: A Magazine of Men’s Adventure.” After Munsey’s death, Pepper’s kidnapping, and Rhodey’s retirement, Tony had contemplated the price of his recklessness and finally accepted he would never find the cure for his affliction, for the mechanical heart beating in his chest. As a result, he had cancelled this personal undertaking to focus on more important ventures of international importance, or so he had told the reporters swarming his hospital bed. On the record, naturally.
“I’ll wait by the walkway to escort you back, but I’m not going to sit here and be insulted.”
“Maybe if I talk to Antony, ask him to free us both.” Stefanus pulls away. He has never asked anything of the man, and if Antony grants him this one favor, then it will be the only request he ever makes of him, the only thing that matters. Antony will help them if he asks; he’s sure of it.
“Mr. Morelli is a very busy man, and it would be unkind to keep him waiting.”
Steve seems to reconsider, taking a seat across from Tony in the booth. “If you insist…”
“If you still want to call Steve and tell him how you feel, I plugged the phone back in,” Rhodey suggests, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
“What? No… No…” Steve surveys the room – from Clint’s smirk to Nat’s knowing smile and Banner gamely trying to keep a straight face in the wake of hilarious circumstance – and decides to come clean. “Look, I have needs…” he begins, but he can’t do it. He drops his phone to his lap and massages the line of his brow in an attempt to conceal his blush.
Tony is silent at that, then: “How dare you?”
He sweeps back his foot, outstretches his hand and flexes his fingers as the suit mimics his movements, the final command charging up the repulsors.
,” he states pointedly. “I have made some modifications to Iron Man.”
The only problem is the additional realization that his attraction is not limited to girls.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve cocks his head. “You almost sound vaguely disappointed. This isn’t the talkies, Tony. In real life, when we’re severely outnumbered and one of us is injured, we call for backup.”
Perhaps it is the nature of having only one friend or the fact that Steve literally lives with him that Tony eventually comes around, even without an overt apology on either side.
Steve slices through the air, the blade emitting a characteristic whine that appears to disturb the saber cats. “Back!” He orders as he advances towards Stark’s form lying prone on the ground. “Get back!”
This way, when the other boys finally get their first kisses, they won’t be able to compare it to Tony’s ‘experience.’
Steve goes rigid, his confusion bleeding away to dawning horror. “He called you ‘son’?”
“And what if I choose not to have you.”
“Well, gentleman, friends, I should leave you now to your late-night delights, for I will be turning in early for the evening.”
“Your choice.”
He can see Stark struggle, those purple eyes flashing brown below a placid exterior, but it won’t be enough.
In all, it takes Stark two days to fix his ship. He had even cleared out a storage hatch in the floor underneath his workbench, lashing the contents down in the cargo hold. It’s a tight fit but just enough to hold Steve until they can get airborne.
The door sweeps open.
It is certainly one of the happiest assignments Stefanus has ever had, if not the most profitable, and Antony is an attractive man with his dark hair and dark eyes and supple olive skin. Stefanus finds it hard to believe such a gorgeous specimen of a man would have trouble finding partners, especially given his willingness – nay, his preference – to be the receptive partner. He loves Antony – what is there not to like about him – but he wonders what Antony sees in him, why he chose Stefanus to warm his bed, or how he fell in love with him, though he is too wary of the precariousness of his position to ask. Because despite Antony’s professed love for him, he knows he is replaceable even if Antony does not acknowledge that truth, and so he remains silent on the matter, resolving to enjoy the fruits of whatever happy circumstance brought Antony to the ludus without question.
He calls him the night he gets his emerald chip marking three-months of sobriety. It’s the longest he’s gone in years without a drink, far longer than he thought he’d get. Small miracles.
“I have eyes.”
“It’s gone. Poof. So… you know what that means?”
Steve squeezes his way around Tony to prevent the man from locking him out yet again. He eyes the unmade cot, the three-day-old socks strewn around as well as old 2AM Chinese takeout left on the counter to dry out into an unappetizing skin stretched over glazed chicken and pork atop shriveled lo mein, the disposable chopsticks sticking straight out of the container.
Steve cocks his head to the side. “Why do you always do that?”
“…That was barely anything at all,” Steve has the gall to complain.
There are perks to living in Avenger’s Mansion. Free rent, for one, and centrally located in Manhattan to boot. That right there is prime real estate, much better than anything Clint can afford in New York City on a civil servant’s salary. Then there are the amenities: food, cable, training gym, cars and bikes, the works. All free of charge. And all he had to do was wear purple spandex and be a decent marksman with the bow and arrow, which is kind of his schtick. Overall, it is a dream come true…
“Well, we all make mistakes. Perhaps I shouldn’t have left either, but we can discuss this later, after we blast our way out of here.”
Stefanus understands his place, his purpose. Love never entered into the equation with transactions such as these, so he answers honestly, “It is not a fair question for one such as I.”
She smiles, perching her chin delicately on the curled fingers of her raised hand to frame her face. “And still drinking all by your lonesome?”
Bacchus uses his metal shoulder to shrug off the blunted blade, dancing back an appropriate distance and keeping Stefanus at trident’s length. “I prefer to ask while you are otherwise occupied,” he swoops in and nearly manages to dislodge Stefanus’s shield, though the man manages to hold on at the last moment. “It’s harder for you to lie.”
And so he inquires, “Still have a thing for brunettes?”
“Like you haven’t been doing just that every two hours?” Tony readjusts his face mask. “At least try not to kick so hard when you’re treading water. I’d like to make some scaly friends.”
Antony juts out his chin and tries to angle his face so the youth can see the barest whisp of hair upon his face.
“What? I said I’ll think about it, okay? Okay. Good talk. Bye,” he says rather flippantly, not even looking up from his work.
Clint’s eyes nearly boggle. He shouldn’t ask, but– “Wait a minute. Are you saying you…”
“Alright,” Steve replies, cupping Tony’s cheek, leaning in to give him a kiss.
“I have a friend, a fellow padawan who recently became a knight. We call each other on occasion. It’s a secure channel. I just want to make sure he’s okay, that he made it.”
He puts down the radio receiver. “Okay Steve, I know that sounds bad, but I already told you I’m not turning you in. We’re still going to Tython. Mandalorian, remember? Word is my bond.”
It is signed J. Rhodes with a phone number for applicants to contact him.
…What if it’s been too long, and he no longer wants anything to do with him?
“Like I said, it’s none of your business.”
“I’m not gay.”
The second orb darts close to his face, veering off at the last minute as a needle made of sharpened ivory falls at his feet. “With this needle, you will be able to keep the nettles fresh and ever-stinging, allowing you to finish this task,” the voice clarifies cheerfully.
Would Steve look at him differently if he knew Tony occasionally (and very, very discretely) batted for the other team?
Tony looks perplexed. “I sort of do. I don’t know about where you come from, but that’s part of the educational process around these parts.”
Steve cants his head, lifting a single brow. “You trying to say you find me intimidating?”
To Fidelis’s surprise, he chooses Stefanus.
Stefanus doesn’t say anything. He only palms the edge of the shield, familiarizing himself with the weight and balance of it. He hasn’t seen the like in five years, not since he had strapped his father’s old shield onto his skinny arm and tried to march into battle only to be stopped at the door by his mother who had been afraid he wouldn’t last five minutes against the well-outfitted Roman invaders, not with his weak constitution. She was right in a way. Suibne had died in their captivity shortly after, but Stefanus… Stefanus had lived.
Tony must be tired because contrary to Dum Dum’s straight-shooter reputation, the man isn’t making sense.
When Steve had been a boy, back when his mother still drew breath, she had warned him of wandering too far off the beaten path.
On an excursion to Pax, Master Erskine and Master Phillips stumble across a force-sensitive child. Master Phillips thinks the boy too angry to be trained in the ways of the Jedi.
Stefanus cannot quite comprehend how little Antony cared of expense, how freely he spent his money, not just on himself, but on many a friend and acquaintance.
“…What?” Tony repeats aloud for the benefit of the non-psychics in attendance.
And so they set up Tony’s play set, Iron Man and the Avengers in a yellow submarine with a blonde minifigure designated Captain America placed outside ‘floating’ in the deepest abyss of the ocean.
“I’m uh… I’m here on a date,” Steve is saying, suddenly a little cagey.
“I just think she’d be a good fit for you, you know,” Steve tells him. “I know things have been… difficult, and maybe if–”
. There’s an even larger graffito underneath them both asserting the old adage
After they settle in, Pepper joins them in their suite, ready to discuss the details of their upcoming adventure. Unlike Virgil before her, she is not a fan of on-the-job surprises, preferring to know the ins and outs of Tony’s plans before they are executed in order to best prepare for what might come their way.
“That I secure the services of a bodyguard?”
With Master Phillips’s back to the trees, Steve parries a clone then flips over him to slice through the first before taking out the next three closest clones. There are too many and more coming, so the two Jedi draw closer together, backing up towards the jungle behind them. “Care to elaborate?”
He’s absolutely shameless. Clint had known that about him, but still, there are limits.
you?”
It’s only after Rhodey has left when he calls Steve one night in a disastrous lapse of judgment that Tony finally reconsiders. He doesn’t remember exactly what had been said, but he was wasted and sad enough to convince Steve to come over, ostensibly for some company. Unfortunately, drunk Tony’s definition of comfort is a touch more amorous than Steve is willing to entertain.
Steve smiles, “I’d love to.”
“Yes.”
Stefanus can only returns the gesture. He then scratches the back of his neck, a touch nervous, and walks over to join Antony and the mystery woman.
It’s a fair question. Direct exposure may kill someone of his rather delicate constitution.
“How so?”
“No can do. I have this big project for my robotics final, and it’s the only uninterrupted time I’ll get in the lab.”
be printing.
“It’s not a dildo.”
“Captain America and Iron Man are fighting because they can’t agree on anything. It’s tearing the Avengers apart.”
And so he saunters past. “Pearls before swine,” he states before racing Steve to the door. Tony reaches the handle first, but Steve nearly lifts him up, removing Tony bodily so he can cross the threshold before him.
It’s not that far from the truth, after all.
“aaaaAAAAaaaaaaaahhh!”
Steve had moaned when Stark’s fingers closed around his own erection, sliding his pre-cum down his length. He thrusts futilely, trapped between Stark’s hand and his cock.
“And that limit stops at public opinion, because no one assumes you’re buggering a fellow soldier, but your husband? That’s what you find hard to stomach, that people think you’re queer.”
“I can’t. I’m sorry.” Steve’s voice is morose, apologetic.
“That’s what reporters do. They ask and report. Of course they’re going to ask if she was a beard. I marry a man the second it becomes legal? People are going to talk. They’re going to think we’re gay, and she was doing me a favor as a fellow Ultimate, that none of it was real.”
Steve only looks at him, his expression unreadable. “I don’t think that’s going to work.”
But Steve has had enough. “No… No, you don’t. What you need is a wake-up call, and this is it. I’m leaving. I can’t enable you anymore, but… but you won’t be alone. Jarvis is more than capable of holding down the fort, and I already called Rhodes. He’s on his way.”
“I usually lead,” Steve tells him, when their arms cross and they bump into each other clumsily.
Stefanus tries to be reasonable. “The blue is nice, but it is too fine for something as simple as a tunic, and I fear such beautiful fabric will not survive long in the barracks.”
“…At least I am a real man, not a sniveling little loose-belted cinaedus who doesn’t know how to use the cock the gods gave him.”
“I wasn’t going to suggest you share with one of us,” Tony says, tipping his head, “unless…”
They’re faster and more agile than the ones outside, having been shielded from the heat and sun in their warehouse mausoleum, and with three attacking at once, Steve is having more trouble dispatching one while trying to fend the others off. He manages the first while another reaches for his exposed elbow…
He doesn’t give up Iron Man. At least not right away.
“As well as can be expected. The wake is tomorrow, but I suspect you knew that already.”
As much as Tony hates sharing Steve with Bucky, he likes the other boys at the park even less. Dum Dum is loud and abrasive. Jimmy has a giant chip on his shoulder, and the other Jimmy goes by Jacques because his family is from France, though the only Paris he’s ever been to is in Texas. Gabe picks Tony for his team second to last over Percival (nicknamed Pinky), so maybe he’s okay.
Rhodey shrugs. “It was worth a shot.”
Maybe then, Tony will live.
“First, I am going to repair my ship,” Stark replies, returning to the engine to hunt for more replacement parts. “Second, I’m going to return you to Tython as agreed.” He pulls out a piece, handing it to Steve. “And then… well, I’ll figure out something.”
Steve can tell it’s a humiliating admission for the one-time playboy, and so he tries not to question it. Only… “Does it still feel good?”
“…Is that a serious question?”
“Now, you try.”
“You wanted to what?”
Steve frowns. “Tony…”
There had been a time back in the early days when Steve had had his qualms about putting down the undead, back before they had decayed into skeletal creatures, bits of rotting flesh with sun-bleached rags still clinging to their shuffling frames, back when they had simply looked sick or rabid, when they still resembled the people they used to be.
Steve pauses, momentarily dumbstruck. “You can’t be my first kiss.”
“Yes,” Tony replies, thoroughly annoyed as he ruffles the hair at his temple. “Jesus, it was just a question. I don’t need the third degree.”
Loose lips would be a poor attribute for one in my profession.” After all, a lanista is little more than a pimp in more respectable clothing, yet another purveyor of flesh for the consumption of others.
Tiberius catches his hands before they can do much damage. “Antony, what–”
Stark sits beside him on the cot in his sleeping quarters. “We don’t have to do this if you’ve changed your mind.”
Saturnalia was in mid-December and included many festivals in honor of the god, Saturn. This was a time of gift-giving, public carnivals, the munera (gladiatorial games), gambling, and the temporary role reversal of slaves and masters.
Tony gives her ten minutes to walk downstairs before he follows after, putting his ear to the door of the study in an attempt to hear the muffled argument. The walls are thick, and he can’t quite make out any words, but the anger he does hear makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end, and when footsteps stomp towards the door, Tony runs to the guest bathroom opposite the study and hides.
“What if I want to,” Tony says slowly. “Help raise her, that is.”
– the rhythmic squeaking of mattress springs. God damn Steve and his weird aversion to Tempurpedic mattresses. Who cares if memory foam is a heat sink? At least it’s
Antony cants his head in consideration. “Would you prefer I have you rather than vice versa like the first time?” he asks
“A…” -
Just then, Tony’s missing unicorn trots up to them to nuzzle Tony, who leans away to gaze at his wayward pet, his face breaking into a large grin. “Oh hey, you’re back. Did you enjoy the convention?”
“…Right. Afghanistan.” It was always easier to lie about his age. It invited less questions, but it also meant he couldn’t talk to… any of his single-serving partners really. Not about his past or his struggles in a world that had largely moved on without him. That sort of intimacy wasn’t part of the deal, and like him, they were mostly there for one thing anyway.
Stefanus had thought it would just be the cloth, but Antony buys him a braided belt, new sandals, and even more cloth for a cloak in complementary colors with a brooch to hold it together.
“Likewise, Mr. Rogers.”
Tony puffs out a skeptical breath. “Like you can stay away.” His tone is condescending even as his chest constricts. He needs Steve to leave, preferably five minutes ago.
Bacchus cants his head as he regards Stefanus, his mouth opening as if he’d like to say something further, but then the horn blows, signaling his turn in the arena. Still, he hesitates. “Don’t do anything stupid until my return.”
“What was that?” Stark shouts accusingly.
Steve only sighs and moves to sit at the foot of Tony’s bed, keeping a careful distance from the man so he doesn’t so much as accidentally brush up against him. Tony is not surprised, but he is moderately disappointed at his friend’s behavior. Steve will likely distance himself from Tony entirely, physically if not emotionally. It hurts, but if this is what finally severs their decade-long friendship, so be it. If everything in his life is going to burn, then it is only a matter of time before–
“Hanahaki Disease: A terminal pulmonary illness caused by unrequited love–”
But Steve is still shaken, his fear transforming to anger as he pushes away from Tony, declaring, “I can’t believe we’re going to die over a glorified sex toy!”
And so they move together as a group, Tony clearly rattled but subdued at Steve’s side. “Is it always like that?” he whispers, his voice faltering.
Tony gives himself a mental shake.
“You sent me a nurse.”
Whatever it is, Steve has trouble vocalizing his request.
“Good night,” Steve says stiffly before he stands and makes his way to his side of the hotel room. He then slips under the covers, turns off the lights on the nightstand in between their beds, and flips over to face away from Tony.
It isn’t until he comes home the following month that Tony realizes Steve omitted one not-so-tiny detail.
“Jerk.” Stefanus looks out towards the light, the roaring crowd calling out for bloodshed, to cheer his friend’s victory and his demise both. “Be careful.”
“Now, we can fuck, or you can sit back while I raise hell, beat the bed, moan to the heavens, make your father standing outside the door think you’re the gods’ gift to women, then walk out of here with a limp and a smile,” she offers. She pats the mattress on either side of her, smoothing out the sheets after. “Your choice.”
Predictably, everybody blames Purple Man, not Tony Stark, not Iron Man. They all assume
“With us,” he clarifies, rubbing slow comforting circles in his lover’s back.
This chapter is from Steve's POV.
And so he pulls out and does just that. Stefanus hisses in pain. His body goes rigid and taut, but he doesn’t dare move away. The man moans, shudders, then pushes Stefanus down into the mattress as he comes, spilling over his ass and down the back of his thighs. Then he gathers up some of the dripping come on his fingers, plunging two into Stefanus’s empty channel to the knuckle. Stefanus grunts at the intrusion, his back arched in surprise.
“Yeah,” Master Phillips shouts as he counters a barrage of blaster fire, retreating off the path. “Survive.”
“Stay out of this, Barnes.”
He knows he isn’t the only one left, but he can feel their numbers dwindling in the emptiness that follows as each light flickers then blinks out of existence.
“I’m serious.”
Steve sighs. “Tony, I may be overstepping, but I feel the Ultimates should be setting an example, and I’m of the opinion that you should lay off the drinking, at least out in public at such an early hour.” All of Steve’s less-than-stellar actions occur behind closed doors, like a true gentleman.
“You told honeybear!” Tony can’t believe it.
Tony screams and tries to steady himself by holding onto the metal shelving as the ladder teeters in their clumsy, grasping hands.
Tony supposes Steve has a point. Still, he wants to see the man squirm, even if just a little. So he suggests, “Well, what about us?”
“You know that’s Natasha’s schtick.”
“We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” Steve says, desperately wanting Tony to understand. “I don’t need it, not if it makes you uncomfortable–”
Still–
Bacchus is pensive at that. “Aemilius would not have held it against you.”
“But–”
“Bacchus is renting a small apartment close to the arena. He works as arbiter of the games when he can and an assistant trainer when he can’t,” Stefanus explains, his eyes lighting up when he speaks of his lover(?).
Tony’s fork clatters to his plate, drawing the attention of both men. “Can’t we all just take it down a notch and have a nice dinner?”
“The oil, if you please?” Though if he chooses to act the sadist, Stefanus has no recourse but to endure the experience. He’ll be able to walk after; he’s certain of it. Surely, Priscus wouldn’t suffer damage to his property, not without a sizable fee for the privilege, arranged in advance and paid upfront.
“I mean it this time.”
“Oh yeah, baby, right there,” the stranger is mumbling, panting, as he pushes back against Steve. His skin is glistening, slick with sweat, with the svelte, barely-defined muscles of his shoulders and back flexing and taut, but Steve prefers to focus on the back of the man’s head, at his short, glossy hair, thick and dark and so much like Jan’s. It was his hair that did it for Steve, but if the man were to look over his shoulder right now and meet Steve’s eye, he’d ruin the illusion entirely. His face is all wrong.
“Where do you want me, Dominus?” Stefanus asks, while he folds up his tunic to prevent wrinkles and sets it by his feet. Though he lacks body hair as is appropriate for one of his station, it is clearly not his body’s natural state. He must shave to maintain the Roman ideal, but even then, he’s much too large and muscular, well past his prime for such work, but Antony doesn’t care. He prefers the strength and virility of real men over the dainty affect of boys.
Tony flushes the toilet and drags himself to his feet then nearly stumbles over to the sink, where he splashes water on his face and stares at his reflection, at his pallid skin and the dark circles peeking through his ruined concealer.
Stark snorts in disbelief. “The Force is just a fairy tale.”
“I sent what you needed.”
There’s a slight tremble in the ground, a break in the stillness of the air. Tony grabs Steve, pulling him to his chest just as a large flat stone slab slams down in place behind them where his assistant just had been standing, sealing them both within the tomb.
“Scavengers got my ship. I’m about a three-day walk from your location. You think I could get a tow and some parts to fix her up?”
“Sex,” Stark says, blunt as ever. “I would like to have sex with you, if you’re interested.”
“You ever get any doubts?” The man is completely self-assured and brave, of course he never–
Before he can complete his task, Antony asks him, “I’ve heard you have a rather talented tongue. I was curious as to the veracity of such a tale.”
Steve is not one to tip-toe around the issue at hand. “Just tell it to me straight: Are you seriously trying to fuck Bruce?”
“I think you should take this… honeymoon more seriously, sweetheart,” Steve grits out. “Need I remind you of the
“What about Steven?” Howard asks, his voice low but firm.
That is the problem with men like Rogers: they possess a complete lack of imagination, of vision.
“No, I mean you lost your unicorn. I– I thought… well…” He rubs the back of his neck nervously, looking anywhere but at Tony. It seems silly now. In hindsight. And also 100% not his business.
“You can never have too many missiles,” he says. He pats Tony’s shoulder when the guy pauses outside his locker, and then he’s off to the next period.
he doesn’t say.
Stark is finishing bolting on the new external shielding when Rhodey arrives, looking somber and a touch troubled.
“Stark–”
“Cecilia has been asking after you,” Bacchus says after he sneaks up behind Stefanus to shake him by the shoulders, a mischievous twinkle in his eye. “She is quite lovely and has a thing for blue eyes.”
Strike. Block. Parry.
“Howard making him clean toilets nowadays?” Tony wouldn’t put it past the bastard, but still…
Tony nearly trips over himself, kicking off some wires as he exits. He grabs the phone and leans casually against the adjacent wall.
“You’re sleeping with Rhodes, too? Is that… I’ll be right back.” Steve makes a bee-line for the door, like a man on a mission.
Stark touches the device on his ear, not looking at Purple Man as he reports. “I think we’re done here.”
Block. Strike.
It must be because Stark doesn’t resist when Steve reaches for the helmet, pulling it off. His hand darts out. He feels the short hairs along Stark’s chin, his jawline, following it back to the source of the blood, wet and warm under his fingers. Steve gathers the Force within him as he concentrates it into his fingers then gently outward, repairing the flesh below. Stark shutters, the muscles of his neck spasming under Steve’s fingertips until the flesh becomes smooth and unabraded.
“That rat bastard,” Stefanus mumbles, looking down at Aemilius who now struggles to kneel before him. “The disgrace of it all! You fought well and deserved the reprieve, Aemilius.”
“It’s MIT tradition.”
“But?”
But Master Phillips is not done. “And Hodge?” he says, stopping in front of the other Jedi Initiate. “I expected better from you. Rogers may be a mouthy pain in the ass, but I expect you to approach the situation calmly and accurately evaluate his threat level as minimal. After all, a Jedi would not use a lightsaber against a porg, son.”
“Pot, meet kettle.”
Bucky counters, “If that’s true, I want you to stand three feet away from me at all times.”
“Alright, but if he fails on his first outing as secutor, don’t say I did not give you fair warning.”
Well, two can play at that game.
His father is quiet at that. “I don’t know if this is some sort of phase, but you’ll be a man soon enough. You need to pull yourself together and act like it.”
Bacchus shrugs and returns to his meal. “Rich men are fickle. Accept his favor for as long as it lasts along with any tokens of appreciation he may bestow on you, but do not expect it to amount to much more than that.” He points his spoon at his friend. “And do
“I love you, Stefanus.”
Bruce throws a spare pair of chopsticks at his face while Nat kicks his foot.
Even empty, it’s a tight fit, but Steve only needs to stay put until they’re space-side. Still, it’s not exactly comfortable. When he tucks himself inside, the walls prove tight, and there’s something jutting into his hip. He’s about to say something about it, when Stark tells places a gloved finger over Steve’s lips.
The stranger is rinsing his formerly brand-new Air Jordans in the bathroom sink of Tony’s dorm room, his socked feet tucked into Tony’s shower shoes. “Don’t worry about it,” he says, though he sounds annoyed and isn’t quite looking at Tony, concentrated as he is on the task at hand.
“You didn’t hafta, you know,” Steve complains later as he lies across their shared double bed, his knees bent and feet dangling off the edge. He’s talking to Tony but staring at the ceiling of their cabin. “I could’a taken him myself.”
“I’ve always wanted this,” Rogers repeats. “I’ve always wanted this with you.”
“Huh. You’re allowing me to suit up first. Generous.”
Bucky should know him better than that.
And so, Clint finally acquiesces, “Okay fine, whatever. I’ll sign for your new one.”
A ‘regard’ was a bonus paid to the leader of the retinue, in this case Bucky, that was split amongst himself and the men to pay for their armor, horses, and other equipment.
The next prospective buyer is an elderly man with greying red hair that had gone white at the temples and discerning dark eyes set in a stern face. Suibne knows he’s a rich man and frequent customer by the way the slaver straightens beside him.
When all fail to respond, Steve cautiously makes his way down the makeshift trail, picking his way through the underbrush as he traces his retinue’s steps deeper into the thick of the wood.
“Tony. This isn’t a game.”
all things considered,” Romulus says, rather seriously. He bumps his shoulder in easy camaraderie. “You have many talents, my friend. Discretion is not one of them.”
“Helloooo Miss July,” Dum Dum whistles appreciatively, turning the centerfold on its side to better appreciate the lady’s assets. “Hey Stevie, get a load of this; why don’t you?”
“You’re smarter than this!”
Tony’s reply is hoarse. “So you drew the short straw and got stuck with babysitting duty?”
“For the sixth time,” Rhodey points out. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Listen Tones, there are no magic words or phrases that will make every woman say yes. You just need practice.”
Well, nicer than usual. Perhaps this is just what Stark is like around a man who so recently saved his life. He makes more of an effort to obtain food to Steve’s preference, lets him sleep in an extra hour, and no longer pesters him about his Jedi ways (though perhaps that’s the least surprising development, all things considered). Their conversations are less confrontational as a whole, bordering on pleasant even.
“Relax,” Steve says, leaning back against the hull. “I’m only messing with you.” He knows only a Mandalorian has the right to bear their signature beskar armor.
“It’s Antony, and would you like that?” He asks, now sitting up fully on the bed to allow space for Stefanus to do the same.
He holds up his hands palms-out in placation. “Or maybe it found an even-more innocent mark, like it wandered off after a kindergartner or something. I don’t know? Did we have family visits recently? I’m sure it’s got nothing to do with what Stark may or may not be doing on his free time.”
“Likewise,” Steve replies.
After the burial when everyone (including Bucky) has left, Tony hangs out in Steve’s room. He tells him about his suspension, about President Wiesner’s car and securing his spot in the annals of MIT history. The timing had been coincidental, he claims.
“Sam and Clint?”
“I think we both know what qualities Priscus saw in him, and it’s entirely physical.”
during fashion week. The usual. B.Y.O.C.”
Tony follows him down the stairs and out the door, stopping at the porch steps when he sees Rhodey walking up. Steve pauses when they cross paths. “Thanks for coming; he’s uh… he’s going to need someone for a while,” he says, and then he’s off in the direction of the nearest subway station.
“It was a lovely service.”
“I did not say anything.”
But he is fairly certain of one thing.
The man holds the hem of his toga to his nose to staunch the blood. “Goo’ luck wit’ tha’ one,” he mumbles as he quickly shuffles away.
“Would you make me my own set of beskar armor?”
Definitions:
“Academy,” Steve corrects him.
“You do not have to pretend, not with me. I understand the need for discretion in such attachments.” Antony has spent his whole life hiding his own procilivities, to various degrees of success.
“I say it’s Ryan Reynolds,” Bruce adds, throwing his hat in the ring at the last second. “Tony likes an alpha with a sense of humor, and they presented together at the MTV Movie Awards around that time.”
“That you secure the services of that particular gladiator,” he clarifies. “If you fawn over him–”
Tony coughs, hacking up a single white petal that he discards in a tissue. “I imagine I’ll get discharged eventually.”
“It’s alright. I never expected you to.”
“Uh huh.”
It's still a tempting prospect. Perhaps he shouldn’t have been so hasty as to decline Tony’s earlier suggestion.
Plus, maybe then he’ll get some damn sleep…
Antony laughs at that as Rabirius shuffles his feet. “Do you want to play a game of Latrunculi?”
Mr. Rogers seems to hesitate, then replies, “My mother was a nurse at the ward, but no… never been diagnosed with that.” His eyes flit away then back. “Does the… the client – do they have tuberculosis?”
“Are you into bondage?”
“It could if you would let me give it sentience. Admit it. The thought of another science bro joining our little duo makes you
he doesn’t say.
“Right.”
Tony sucks in a breath. “Anyone in particular you had in mind?”
“Popsicle sticks then.”
“It wouldn’t be just sex to me.”
It takes a minute for Steve’s tongue to unstick and start working. “…What?” If his pitch is a little high, Stark doesn’t seem to notice.
Steve doesn’t turn around, only standing to button his pants. “Isn’t that what you wanted?”
“Jesus. Is MIT running a daycare center these days?”
“Not right now, Steve.” The Mandalorian is tearing through an engine of a junker ship, but it is unclear whether he is looking for something specific or if he just wants to destroy something.
Steve’s nostrils flair, but he manages to keep calm. “After you,
Tony rolls his eyes. They’re just as bad as his older classmates salivating over girls. Steve’s focus on things that were
“You really like this guy, huh?”
(See the end of the chapter for
This marriage… none of it is real, and so Steve tries to be diplomatic. “I don’t mean to presume–”
Stefanus has his doubts about the veracity of that claim. Antony will pay for the privilege of what? Watching him to eat and drink while he listens to a stilted conversation of half-truths?
“The black pudding is delicious,” Steve tries once again. Tony had told him such fare is only served on special occasions. Steve is surprised his father deigned to serve it to an unwanted interloper such as himself. Then again, perhaps Tony’s return to the homestead is special enough. He clearly dotes on his son even if he can’t countenance Steve. “Tony says the ones I get at the Eastern European specialty shop aren’t nearly as good as yours. Perhaps I could get a recipe, Mr. Dracula?”
“…I expected better from you, you know,” Tony says, somewhat deflated and subdued. “There was a time when… You think it’s easy, hiding who I am for
Tony leaves the pie on the dresser and goes to sit beside Steve, turning to collect the man in his arms. Steve simply clings to him and cries.
“Occasionally I am. Mostly socially,”
He’s not sure about a lot of things these days.
Steve does, and that’s the problem. He likes Stark. He had made his peace with that recently, and so he can admit it to himself, but that’s precisely why he cannot sleep with him. What if Steve is terrible at it? What if they’re terrible together? But a deeper fear is what if they’re not? What if Steve is allowed this one time, this one glimpse of happiness, and then he has to give it up? Attachments… they are forbidden for a Jedi. The fear of loss is a path to the dark side, and combined with Steve’s penchant for anger… he can’t do it. He can’t. It is a way to lose himself, and he will never, ever make it back.
Stark checks his knots in the cargo hold. “As a general rule, bureaucrats aren’t competent, especially the ones sent to the sticks,” he says, dismissing Steve’s concern.
Even before they had stepped out into the oppressive humidity of the morning to traverse the stone path stretching from their sleeping quarters to the official Republic outpost in this backwater planet with a trusted clone escort in tow, Master Phillips had been more irritable than usual. Something had been troubling the man for the past several months, and the cloud that hung over him had darkened in recent days. Steve had a sneaking suspicion it was annoyance at his padawan’s growing restlessness, built to a fever pitch in the same interval.
And that is precisely the problem.
“…Him, too?” she asks, a touch incredulous. Steve only cocoons himself further into the safety of the blankets, suddenly embarrassed now that he is in the presence of a lady. Naked.
“Nice to meet you, Finley.”
“Nonexistent.”
Tony can only roll up the copy of the engraving, stowing it away in its leather storage tube with a snap.
They meet at the movie theater downtown. Steve looks good, a bit jittery as he stands at the corner waiting, but his eyes light up when he sees Tony. Of course, he’s already purchased their tickets, so Tony buys their concessions. There’s a certain nervous energy that coils around Steve that only relaxes when Tony casually reaches over and steals his popcorn.
The slaver hadn’t been successful, and he had wanted to kill Suibne for his resistance, but his compatriot stopped him and reminded him of the coin the sale of an undamaged
“Tony!” a blond man of Steve’s approximate height and build approaches.
you we’re talking about.”
An unfamiliar fire sparks within Stefanus, low in his belly, growing until it consumes his entire being with want, with a singular desire centered on the wonderful man before him. It’s different than what he had felt for the prostitutes that regularly visited the barracks, the attraction that drew his gaze and tempted him to open up his coin purse for an hour of distraction that did not originate from his own left hand. He had thought that had been the extent of desire, but it was an anemic facsimile of this burning all-consuming need that now engulfed him.
Tony flings open the door. “I am
Or maybe he’s just lonely.
Tony stretches, cracking his back as he straightens up and yawns. “I don’t know, man. I got deadlines coming up. Papers, presentations, you know the drill.”
“Yes, that was rather rude,” Purple Man concedes. “But we were good together, you know. We could have had everything. Your mind, your ideas, and my… persuasion. We could have ruled the world. We did rule the world.”
Romulus must be blind for him to not have been similarly smitten, Antony decides. Or he simply has bad taste.
“Yeah,” Tony plasters on a smile. “How good you look when you meet Dad is definitely not going to factor into whether or not he decides to eat you.”
“Go dtachtar le d’anáil thú,” he mutters, earning himself another smack.
“I am entering the house,” Tony calls out from the back door. “I expect to find two of my favorite people in the entire world in the parlor. Intact and alive. With no further damage to the surroundings.” They can hear him remove his boots in an exaggerated fashion. “I will be sorely disappointed if this is not the case.”
The air in the room becomes positively frigid.
That gives Tony pause. He had never considered what it would look like from the other side, that Rhodey’s experiences and risk/benefit analysis would be any different than his own. He feels vaguely ashamed as he fidgets and shuffles his feet, uncertain of what to say.
“…A wife then?”
“I didn’t, and that’s something you should have sussed out during your pre-screening interview.”
Tony supposes it is refreshing that Steve doesn’t want his money, has never wanted it in fact.
“Really, Steve?” Bucky stage-whispers to his friend before turning to Tony to explain, “It’s meat. You eat it on white bread with mustard. Sorry, we don’t have caviar. Fresh out.”
“Yes.”
“But I can convince them I’m not there,” Steve adds, “theoretically.”
Tony disagrees. “I’m 18; you can’t tell me what to do anymore.” He eyes the bathroom door and listens for the drone of the shower.
“Do you ever take off your helmet for your partner? Has
“It is called a ‘day off,’” Antony scoffs. “I have not wearied of his presence; I simply am in no need of a bodyguard at all times.”
How much could another pair of shoes possibly cost? One hundred dollars? Two hundred? Tony sucked at
From then on, they are less shy, less restrained around each other. They fuck most nights, sometimes slow and gentle but oftentimes frantic and needy. Upon entering the domicile, Stefanus would nearly rip Antony’s clothes off at the threshold of his bed chambers, and Antony would attack him in a flurry of tongue and teeth as they melded together – one man with nothing to his name but his desire for the lover in his arms and the other with everything but what he desires most – until they were one body possessed of a singular carnal urge to have the other, consumed in the passionate fire of their coupling.
Tony had thought of summers as mother-son bonding time, a time for them to catch up without class or his father’s interference…
That seems to break the spell. Steve scowls and shoves his knee away. “Jerk.”
Steve tries to come up with the words to make it sound less ridiculous than it all had been, finally settling on: “I might have… made some assumptions that were inaccurate, and I thought… well, I thought that maybe you were being taken advantage of?”
“This
The young retiarius at his side, the next fighter to be sent into the arena, can only commiserate, “I think what Fidelis is trying to say is that there was nothing you could have done differently, no result where both you and Aemilius would have lived.”
Master Phillips, on the other hand… Master Phillips had been unexpected. He had spent years trying to metaphorically beat the attachment out of Steve only to have taken extraordinary measures to ensure his survival, beyond what he had done for anyone else. Perhaps it had been a favor to his departed friend or maybe it was because Steve was his padawan and he had felt a certain responsibility for him.
“Ass.”
the tomb of Pharaoh Ramesses VIII,” he tells Steve. “He didn’t accomplish much during his reign, so most of this is about his ascension, his family and daily life, and…” he trails off to silence, a queer expression dawning on his face.
He had forgotten exactly how many of his exes and one-night stands attended these things.
“Nice!” Steve declares, his eyes roving the page, engrossed in every curve. “Do you think they all look like that? With the…” his finger is lower, so he’s likely referring to her butt.
Tony looks over his shoulder, finding the other boy with his gaze downturned and hands shoved in his pockets. “Hey,” he replies.
But Steve isn’t buying it. “Most people our age didn’t get in to either.”
“I’ll take another two sextarii to go.”
The others aren’t quite as concerned as Cap, at least on the surface.
Steve just wants what he can’t have, and one day (if not today), it will be the ruin of everything.
“Stank! There’s a Tim Dugan on the phone for you,” one of Tony’s floor-mates calls from the hallway phone booth.
“I don’t have a partner,” Tony explains. “It’s just me.”
“Aren’t I always?”
It’s only been a week, but perhaps withdrawal from his pheromones has hit Stark harder than most. He had been exposed to the highest concentrations after all. Still, not nearly enough time has passed for the man to progress to Step 9 of the Twelve Step Process, but if he’s going to beg for his penance, who is Purple Man to stop him?
“You never know until you try.”
“You’ve been quiet tonight,” Stark states while faced away and helmet partially lifted, his spoon scraping the bottom of his bowl of stew.
It would be so much easier if Steve had been less concerned about harming the old vampire. Dracula certainly didn’t have the same compunctions.
“Tony, what… Did you…” He picks up the half-empty bottle, his face going nearly purple when he recognizes the label. “Did you drink the Macallan? Jesus, boy, this bottle cost me a mint! There were only forty bottles ever produced. I can’t believe–”
Steve takes advantage of their proximity, burying his face in Tony’s neck as he listens to every pleasurable sound falling from the man’s lips, smells their sweat mingling slick and musky, feels the dip of his throat and scratch of his stubble.
“You want to watch some football later with the guys?” Steve offers. “I’m going to record it, too. The Giants are real good this year. They’re going to make the playoffs.”
Tony’s hips still. “Get off,” he mutters.
“I’ve missed you, too.” The receiver is shaking in Tony’s hands. “And I’m sorry. For before. For everything. I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have… I know no means no, and I shouldn’t have pushed your boundaries or you. I know why you left. I know it’s my fault.”
“I did not plan for that,” he insists.
“You like that, you pathicus, you filthy scultimidonus? A danger in the arena you are, but a lamb between the sheets. You always spread so pretty for my cock, so hungry for it, aren’t you, boy?” The man murmurs, his breathe hot and rancid on Stefanus’s neck. Stefanus jumps when he smacks his sore ass yet again. “Gods, your globes are so red, so lovely, like ruby pomegranates. I could take a bite out of them right now.”
Tony’s heart soars. “Me too.”
Tony starts his final year of grad school the following semester. He is eighteen now and not quite as out of place as he once was in the dorms.
“It wasn’t that simple.”
Tony removes his fingers, and Steve nearly whines at the loss which then transforms into a choked-off moan when Tony licks a stripe from his hole to the base of his balls. He focuses his attention back on Steve’s hole, making different patterns – spirals, stars, concentric rings – before spelling out whole words, telling Steve exactly what he wants to do to him with the tip and broad side of his tongue, though the man is completely senseless and unable to decipher any meaning to his nonverbal ramblings.
Steve retrieves a couple sodas from the fridge. “You don’t even do that anymore.”
“You can’t–”
and his ex – who is a man, a gay man and a good friend – has a shiny new boyfriend, thank you very much.”
“…Really?” Steve says incredulously.
“When you can put aside your anger and truly forswear all mortal attachments, when you can let go of everything you fear to lose… only then will you be ready.”
Steve accepts the cup, his hand brushing up against Stark’s as the man withdraws. “Thank you, and uh… sorry about that. I should have known better.”
, Steve. I likely won’t see thirty, and you…” he breathes out slow to calm himself. “You’re right; I don’t understand. You say you have nothing but time like time’s worthless, but do you know what I would give to have more?”
Stark’s fists ball up. He stands, walking around the fire to confront Steve. “You speak of attachment as if it’s something wrong, something dirty, but guess what, Steve? Attachment is
Steve’s eyes roam from the pink flooring to the matching walls and lighter pink ceiling as he surveys the Barbie-esque bathroom, seemingly perplexed as to the source of Tony’s displeasure. “Do you think it’s too obvious maybe… for two men sharing a bathroom?” he asks, his tone halting and tentative.
Three nights later and they’re at it again when there is a crash signifying the demise of Steve’s brand-new bed. Stark is right; the man really didn’t know when to quit. So, Clint simply stops up his ears with ear plugs, folds a pillow over his head, and drops back to sleep.
Steve supposes Tony has a point. “Okay, I’ll try to… loosen up a bit, but meet me halfway here. Be more wary of your surroundings – we don’t know who these people are, but we know what they’re capable of, so be careful – and lighten up on the drinking. It’s not good for the mission
During Imperial Rome after Caesar’s assassination, Augustus restricted the munera to Saturnalia (mid-December) and Quinquatria (late March). Although this fic occurs before this partial ban, the entire fic takes place over the three months between these two festivals.
A futurist and a man out of time walk into a restaurant, angling for a fight they don’t know they can’t win. The futurist is full of ideas, and his partner is full of ideals. They want to save the world, to make it a better place.
– settle then stop altogether.
https://jellybeanforest-a-go-go.tumblr.com/post/643335511747051520/art-contribution-for-the-marvel-rbb-2020-strange
Stefanus still seems uncertain. “It is no trouble–”
Stark’s hands reflexively go to his holster, holding his blasters in place. “Why are you asking me to surrender my weapons?” he asks, suddenly serious.
“It’s not…” Steve throws up his hands in frustration. “You don’t get it because you’re rich and you’ve lived here all your life. You’ve always been… You only ever have to be one thing to one person. Because you don’t got no other friends.”
“No, I–”
“And yet it happened. Because of you and your mechanisms.”
“Is that what you did before you became a Knight?” Steve inquires, his tone waspish and bordering on disrespectful.
“And I require
Steve retracts his hand. “Ma’am, I’m a married man.” Sort of. On paper. And even if he hadn’t been, he had made his disinterest clear enough so as to render any further attempts to bypass his boundaries unseemly.
“He’s too angry; we both saw it.”
“Even though I was confined to the upper levels in the stands, I couldn’t help but notice how much strength and power you displayed in your last match, and when your helmet flew, well… I was certain that would be the end,” she says, as she traces a delicate hand down Stefanus’s arm.
It only goes downhill from there.
“No, it’s just– it’s… stop talking.”
“It could happen.”
So Steve tries again. “It’s really not that bad.”
“And yet he does not,” and that should be the end of it. This is different; Stefanus will be different. “He will be well-compensated. I can be generous of my purse and affections both.”
Tony finally looks up from the paper to examine the man’s gaunt face. His jutting chin too large for the rest of his face, high, angular nose, and blue eyes may even be called handsome if he had an ounce of flesh on his frame. The great depression must have hit him hard, or–
“Her name was Giselle, alright? And she’s… um, she’s not from around here,” Tony says, rather sheepishly. “She lives in Canada, in um– in Montreal, up in Quebec, you know. Because she’s French Canadian. We met during an exchange program last year.” It’s a solid story; one they can’t possibly refute. “She does some light modeling in Quebec, for like… the Gap and stuff. Just commercial though, not runway yet.”
Steve had done what he always did when confronted with a bully and punched him square on the nose, but Hodge didn’t go down as easily as Brock. He retaliated, laying Steve flat in the dirt with a well-executed kata. That had led to a scuffle Steve couldn’t hope to win, but then again, he never knew when to quit.
“Pleasure to meet you, Shwiv-na.” Bacchus whispers.
Tony hears, rather than sees, Rhodey’s eyes roll.
“Yeah. Who wouldn’t? He said he’d stop by the Mansion this summer. He has an internship with Oscorp this summer, but I’m trying to poach him for SI.”
Hypogeum: Underground area at the Colosseum comprised of interconnected corridors and tunnels where they stored set pieces, caged animals, and had gladiators await for their turn in the arena. The structure we call the Colosseum today wasn’t built until 70 AD, but even before then, there were hundreds of amphitheaters built for the same purpose, so I’m using this phrase to indicate a general underground staging area.
Out of fury or perhaps borne of a certain helpless vulnerability of being alone and pinned, Steve reflexively, desperately pushes out with his mind. Stark goes flying, slamming into a tree and bouncing off, landing unceremoniously on his back with a grunt of pain.
Tony sucks even as he slips off Steve’s dick with a slick pop. “Language,” he admonishes him, two fingers crooking in his ass.
The man takes one look at his customer’s clothing, the clean white overtunic and brown cloak made of heavy wool, and plugs “100” into his rudimentary calculator, flipping it over to show the Jedi Master his counter-offer.
He feels the need to apologize. “I’m so, so sorry, Steve,” he says after the fourth increasingly-mortifying encounter.
Later that night, when Steve tosses and turns in bed, unable to settle, he sits up to survey the room and notes the other Initiates are already asleep, including Gabe who had switched beds with him the prior week. Softly, almost tentatively, he knocks on wall behind him in intergalactic standard code: B-U-C-K-Y / A-W-A-K-E-? / I-T-S / S-T-E-V-E
Tony purses his lips in annoyance. Rhodey is trying – he knows he is – but that didn’t mean Tony doesn’t find the suggestion vaguely insulting. “Thanks for the info, Rhodey, but I don’t need a hooker to get laid.”
Still, it costs him something to lie still and let this man have him, something undefinable, intangible but no less real. Little bits of him broken off piece by piece by the many who came before, an amputation in his very soul, and for what? A fifth of what they paid to have him?
Purple Man is puzzled over his response. He knows he’s not wrong about Stark’s little crush. Unless… “Color me surprised,” he says, lifting a brow. “I always thought you were a man of action, a more do-it-yourself type of guy, but I could get Thor in here to finish the job, if you’d rather watch.”
Steve must not grasp the concept because he suggests, “His weakness is that he’s too noble.”
His intentions had been good, pure, and earnest…
“He is no one of consequence.”
“Hadrianus,” Antony sighs, “To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?”
“No one is when they first start out.”
“Right, so… I’m, uh, glad you’re okay, and I– I think I’ll be going now”
Antony cannot deny it, so he lets the silence between them speak for itself.
“I don’t know; probably a medical condition. Anxiety by proxy? Is that a thing? I feel like that would be a thing.”
Steve hasn’t fucked him like this since the early days of their arrangement, back when sex often came after Tony had been particularly insubordinate and Cap had wanted to teach him a lesson about respect, about obeying the chain of command. Being a natural scientist, sometimes (but never during an actual battle) Tony had annoyed him on purpose to see if he could inspire the same passion in the man outside a mission. Before long, it had become a regular thing, irrespective of their infrequent calls to assemble, and somewhere along the way, Steve had become gentler, more accommodating, and Tony had forgotten that this was never supposed to be anything more than sex.
Dead.
Air Jordans hit retail in March 1985 for $65/pair.
He still has one conscious hostage and precious little time to waste.
In the low light, the house looks foreboding. The external incandescent lamps enhance the sickly yellow of the wooden siding while the green shutters bordering the windows appear almost black. In contrast, the roof and gingerbread detailing stands out in dark blood red.
“But I’ve been so good this week!”
“It is a healing amulet.”
Stark returns to scavenging.
“How could you?” Antony asks instead. “I thought you… I thought we…”
“It does nothing for your ass.”
“The kiss,” he clarifies. “Did you mean it?”
“Vappa ac nebulo” means scumbag.
Funny, right?
“You did!”
“Is that a crack about my beard?” Steve strokes his facial hair. He had long forgone his daily shaving routine, choosing to trim periodically as a practical matter. “It does interfere with my jawline.”
“He was good quite a bit,” Antony insists. “Eight times out of ten, he was… kind to me.”
“They’re not–” Rhodey stops, takes a steadying breath. “They’re therapists.”
They find the Golden Rod nestled within the sarcophagus alongside other jewelry and personal affects tucked into the funerary wrappings of the mummy.
Bacchus’s eyebrows draw together in confusion. He draws a deep breath then nearly shouts, “I AM BACCHUS,” as if the increased volume will somehow aid in comprehension. He points to Suibne. “STEFANUS.” Then to himself: “BACCHUS.”
“What are you doing?”
Just then, the hatch opens to reveal a stormtrooper. Steve sits up abruptly, staring directly into the eyes of the white stormtrooper helmet. “You will walk away and clear this ship for launch,” he says, his voice steady, firm.
Tony feels full, happier than he has been in a long time, possibly ever. Nothing else can top–
But now, he’s pregnant, surprisingly so, and equally surprised to find he wants to see it through, even if he didn’t want the alpha who had made it possible (not that the alpha in question would want any of this either; Tony is doing him a favor by not involving him). He wouldn’t be the first omega to do it alone, and better yet, he has the resources not afforded to most. And so he cancels his standing order of single-malt scotch in favor of prenatals and Vitamin B6. He gives up rare Kobe steaks and sushi and Eggs Benedict.
“Tell him, Captain. Tell him how much you’ve always wanted this,” Purple Man interjects.
Tony aims to find out.
“Hey Clint, I’m having Steve’s new bed delivered at 2pm, but I have a meeting at SI and Steve has a thing at work, so if you’re going to be around then, can you sign for it? Jarvis can take it from there.”
When Master Phillips had entered the scene, Hodge had retreated to stand at attention, his back straight and shoulders square over his hips, leaving Steve on the ground. Master Phillips breathes in deep, exhaling just as slowly. “Rogers, I know you may be used to playing in the mud but get your ass up out of that dirt and stand at attention,” he orders, sounding utterly disappointed.
“Nonsense,” Antony replies, waving off his concern. “You can wear it to the lecture halls, be the envy of the students and faculty both.”
Dr. Pym sighs, steeples fingers against his temples as if to stave off a migraine, which might not be far from the truth considering the blaring sirens and flashing warning lights. “That’s detention, Mr. Rogers. I’ll see you after class.”
But Steve must be a saint with the fortitude of the pope himself because he had simply glanced over at the two blonde bombshells and told him, “You go on ahead, Tony. I’ll just… I’ll wait by the ice machine.”
Though how is he to survive the knowledge that Antony is the one hurting him so intimately this time? He tries to clear his mind, to think of nothing at all. He is an empty vessel that an unknown man will fill, and when he is done, when he has squeezed every last drop of pleasure from his body, Stefanus will return to wash out what he can and ignore what he can’t. He’s done it before, and he will do it again and again and again, until there is little left they can take.
“He will learn emotional discipline.”
Stefanus watches the thumb emerge.
Now isn’t that
An opportunist, apparently.
“It’s Bruce Campbell,” Tony counters. “Did you see his abs? I want to know that guy’s workout routine. He looks almost as good as you.”
“You’re so vain, I bet you think this suspension is about you, don’t you?”
“…What?”
“You two!” Fidelis barks. “Stop spouting nonsense and finish your meal.”
If Tony were asked to recall the events of the night before, he would be hard-pressed to identify exactly where it all went sideways. Maybe it was when Tony had made a pass at Steve or when Steve had called him a frustrating punk but kissed him anyways (or had it been Tony who escalated by calling him a Goddamn cocktease)? His memory is a little hazy. Perhaps it was all doomed from the very start when Steve had declared himself immune to alcohol in general and drunken shenanigans in particular two months prior. Of course, Thor being Thor, he had taken it as the challenge it definitely was not and supplied the most potent of Asgardian wine for their next celebratory social occasion to test Steve’s resilience. What had followed was a blur of teeth and tongue and more than a little destruction of personal property that ended with Tony waking up in Steve’s bed with a sore ass and a pounding headache magnified by the dulcet sounds of a fussy newborn being softly shushed.
“Are you nuts? Didn’t you hear Rhodey? They’re looking for you, all of you.”
“Stevens,” Tony mumbles. “David Stevens.”
“We can be friends,” Tony replies, trying not to let too much of his hope seep through.
He will never get used to this.
“And disappoint you? I wouldn’t dream of it,” Antony retorts. “However will you show your face in the Senate if you cannot even corral your own son on Parentalia?”
Dr. Ferguson is an older woman, with shoulder-length silver hair and black horn-rimmed glasses. She sits up straight in her recliner, a clipboard and pen in hand that she puts aside to welcome her new patient and invite him to sit on the opposite couch. Her affect is kind, if a touch detached, and professional.
