“Possibly, but then again. Can you honestly say high school is any worse than what we’ve been through before?”
“Dean, baby, they’re right. We can’t do this. Not here. I swear, the moment you get us home, I’m all yours. But not here, ok?”
"Then what the fuck're ye doin still sitting there for?"
“For fuck sake, Dean, seriously?”
They all sat around the room in various degrees of worry, weariness and anxiousness. Everyone was silent and in some cases, such as Ellen and Rowena, they were sobbing.
Dean, on the other hand, was tense for a whole other reason; he wanted the fight, he needed the bloodshed. These assholes had hurt Castiel and he was going to make them beg for death.
The next morning, despite the shit night sleep he had, Bobby was up at the ass crack of dawn getting breakfast ready for the kids, hoping to catch Sam and Dean before they disappeared.
“But I…”
“So, what, should we pray that we never see you pissed off?” Crowley asked.
He stepped away from the wall and turned towards the entrance she’d come through from the front hallway. When he realised she hadn’t moved to follow him he turned back, “Well, come on, doggy, let’s go. Unless you want to make that call to the police?”
Sam’s bitchface was still in place and only intensified when Dean turned to grin at him.
So, instead he said, “I’ve had all the paperwork written up, so I’ll just go check in at the nurse’s station and inform them of the situation. I’ll leave you to get settled.”
“Dean…” Sam spoke up, softly. It was just his name, but it held so much more.
“The hell we don’t! Spill! Have they ever hit you? Abuse you in any way? Just tell me and I’ll make it right.” Dean vowed.
“Why what?” Sam asked back.
“So, say you’ll go out with me then.”
“We really gonna start this game again? What were you thinking about?”
Dean had been stabbed, as he’d later found out. He even bore the scar to this day like a talisman.
“No.”
“I didn’t mean to.” Charlie whined.
“Hmm, your husband let us in.” Dean waved dismissively, “I’m distracting myself. It’s easier for everyone involved that my brother handles the lecture your husband is getting right now. He’s the one with the brain, you know? Me? I’m more of the ‘muscle’. He thinks, I act.”
“Hey, Cass, you know Dean could protect you. You know, until your uncle gets here. He’s a good fighter and he hates homophobes. I bet, if you asked him, he might go with you to get your stuff from the house.” Sam offered.
“I don’t care, Samantha! That thing gets anywhere near me and I will tear you apart!”
He turned back to the view outside and watched Castiel open the door of the Impala and got in.
Dean noticed it first and smacked his brother’s chest with the back of his hand and jerked his chin in the direction. “What’s that about? Have you heard about any fights happening today?”
“What do you mean, ‘until I get to you’. Where are you going?”
“Oh yeah? Well it’s not working. I’m tired of being told what to do.”
Finally, Dean went limp under his brother, who sat back on his haunches the moment he saw the fight leave him. “Damn it, brother. How could you think so little of me? Huh? I knew you didn’t trust the world, but fuck me, I never thought I’d ever see the day that you didn’t trust me.”
“A boy named Daniel Franks. His parents are being informed as we speak.”
Sam rolled his eyes and didn’t comment. Instead, he changed the subject; “So, these twins from school. They’d be Jo’s friends. You think she’d mind if I tried to get into Gabriel’s pants?”
Benny was right back there; Dean and Sam are bad asses, they’ve had to be. Growing up on the street isn’t for the faint of heart. They have an enduring attitude of ‘fuck with us, we’ll fuck with you right back’ that no foster parent wants to deal with. They live in denim, leather, army grade boots, and flannel. No one wants that brought into their Apple Pie life. So, where else were they expected to go?
“Just makin sure you get an education, Sammy.”
Jo leaned forward and tapped her cousin on the shoulder, leaving her hand in place, hoping to show him a tiny bit of affection that he might return. “Hey, thanks for the ride to school. The bus was a bitch yesterday.”
“Thanks, Doc.”
“Now you have to tell me.”
The night he’d had a fight with Sam and walked off in a huff. The night he’d come back to find Sam being pinned to the ground by a drunk old guy looking for some cheap thrills.
“What about you? What’re you gonna do?”
“What happened?” Cass asked.
“No. And don’t give me that look, Sam.”
As if he’d read his mind, Dean shifted his leg to brush across Castiel’s groin, “Pink toy or not, that is all mine tonight.” Dean muttered, rubbing his thigh into Castiel’s groin for emphasis.
“The girl? No. Not really. The car? Definitely not. They’re both dressed up too much. Give me a classic muscle car any day.” Dean answered honestly. He was going to get into a fight with this guy no matter what he said, may as well be honest.
Now, here they were, attempting to keep a promise to their uncle to try and adjust back to being normal kids with a future.
Sam shrugged, never one to be intimidated by his brother’s temper; they were twins, as angry as Dean got with him, he was always going to be immune to his brother’s true temper.
“Don’t do that. I hate when you give me that look.” Dean scolded his brother.
By now everyone had shown up and was waiting in the waiting room with them. From the paramedics on shift, Meg, Charlie Garth and Jo, to the guys on the truck, Cole, Kevin, Chuck and the others. They were all there. Silently waiting for news on the girl they all babied like she was their niece.
Sam just smirked and rolled his eyes.
“For the record, that’s not even the worst of what Dean’s capable of.” Jo told them right as Dean slinked in beside Cas and kissed the top of his head.
Possibly not ever.
Castiel nodded. “I can’t say that I understand, but I’m a patient man, I can wait until you’re ready to talk. But just so we’re on the same page. None of what you and Sam told me will ever leave my mouth. And it doesn’t change the way I feel about you. I will always be there to listen and to be as supportive as you need me to be.”
Jody finds out
Just as he’d plated up for himself and his brother, and poured out two cups of coffee for them, Jo and the Novak twins walked in.
“Details, details. Get your ass around to the other side and help me get my leg out.”
"She was looking for Summer. Someone had told her she hadn't come out but no one knew that she had come out." Garth told him.
Dean chuckled against his throat, making Cas groan and his cock twitched.
"He is. Which means your life can either be turned into a living hell right now, or it could go by smoothly for as long as you work in our station house."
That was why when Summer woke up three days later Castiel was alone in the room. Dean had left to get some food from the cafeteria when it happened.
“Go ahead. This stupid dummy needs a diagram.”
Sam sighed and handed Dean a wet cloth from the boot of the car and Dean nodded his silent thanks as he reached up and dabbed at the cut over Cass’s eye.
Hero complex in its most extreme form.
Right before he lashed out and threw Castiel’s crutch, tripping both boys, he’d noticed they’d both been trying hide a limp; so someone had gotten to them first. He had to find out who and why. As he stepped forward, he tossed his phone to Castiel. “Call Sammy. Tell him where we are and to get his ass here.”
“No.”
“Dean…”
“In a few moments I’m gonna go get them out of the car, and then I’m gonna take them around to pack what they need; but first, my brother and I have a few words to say to you.” Sam added, pushing his way inside, a step ahead of Dean.
Cass stared at him stupidly. Dean stared back, waiting for him to give him an answer.
“We know the drill by now, thanks.” Dean snapped.
“So, this morning. Does that make you all dominant?” Cass purred in his ear.
“Don’t push it.”
She was a right royal bitch. She looked down her nose at the twins as they approached her to get the sheet signed, and it just went downhill from there.
“Catch.”
Constructing and destructing things – usually faces, or cars? Sure, just point him in the right direction and he’d have the task completed in no time. Dean had once constructed a shanty style hidey hole for them one night, the first winter after their father had died, out of rusted sheets of metal, the car, and some wood. They’d frozen their asses off, but they hadn’t died of frostbite, either. In fact, it had probably been one of the better ‘huts’ they’d slept in for a long time. And had never seen anything to match it since.
"We'd rather she stayed here, under your watch. Dean's a paramedic, of course so he has medical training, but we don't want to risk anything happening while her leg is broken." Cas decided. Dean nodded.
Dean didn’t respond this time.
Benny got the hint and grabbed his sister by the arm and walked her out of the cafeteria, only now becoming aware of the audience they’d attracted.
“He’ll hate me. He’s going to look at me different.” He said, pulling into a space and then killing the motor.
There, on the ground, staring up at him in shock and surprise, was Castiel Novak. Dean growled and snarled as he rounded on the other kid – Alistair Morningstar. Of course. He’d seen the kid leave right after Castiel. He should have figured it out then.
“You wouldn’t dare!”
“Fuck you Fergus.” Dean snapped, knowing the use of Crowley’s real name would shut him up.
That was their survival instinct.
“Wait, he was serious about that?”
“Nah, I’m thinking I’ma fuck you up, you ever come at me like that again. See, right now, the point of this blade is wedged between your second and third rib, one quick thrust, lung deflates, fills with blood. Two, maybe three, hours of excruciating pain before you eventually die. That’s if you don’t get to a hospital immediately. If you do, and you’re lucky enough to get an exceptional doctor who can drain the blood and reinflate your lung, it’s gonna be a bitch of a recovery for a few months. Ever break a rib, pal? I’ve had all of mine broken, all at once, a deflated lung is worse.”
Dean shrugged. “Mostly. I was in no shape to be anywhere near that place, but I did need to keep myself busy somehow, so Sam and I worked out a plan to keep our word to help you and Gabe get your stuff.”
“Right. I did most of the paperwork while I was on the phone to him. I just need a few things from you two, and one signature from him to sign for proof of guardianship. But I already told him that. That’s this form here. See where I’ve marked it? Get him to sign there. And this…”
“I … I uh, I don’t know.”
Sam shrugged again. “If by ‘a million’ you mean twenty four. Then yeah. We didn’t always stay with dad. Every now and then they’d track us down, we’d go and stay at another foster home, Dean would have to cut and run when things turned bad. We’d meet back up with dad and hit the road again. It went on for most of our lives. Then dad got himself deaded and we were split up. That was our last one. Dean booked it, dragged me away from my ‘new daddy’, a drug dealer who used his foster kids as drug mules. We disappeared from that one and decided we were better off on the streets. That’s where Bobby found us.”
Dean turned to smirk over his shoulder when he felt Castiel press in behind him and mouth at his neck.
“We can get the school bus from around the corner. Or we can actually walk it. That stop is like the last one before school anyway.” Jo was saying as the car revved back into gear and sped off, screeching loudly.
“Call me Cass. Please.” He pleaded before kissing him again.
“So, then, fucking show them!” Sam burst out. “Show them they’re wrong. Show them what I see in you. Dude, you built a shanty hut with your bare hands! Out of scrap metal. You know, it’s people like that who end up becoming engineers and shit! Don’t tell me you’re stupid. I’ll beat your ass. Just like I’d beat anyone’s ass who says my brother is worthless and stupid.”
“I know. But first, look over my shoulder at your parents and tell me what you see.”
“Well, I guess its lucky that I bought you a change of clothes. I’ll ring Bobby later and ask him to bring up a few more later.” Cass sighed, picking up the duffel bag he’d dropped onto the chair beside Summer’s bed. “I guess I just had a feeling you were going to need it.” He shrugged, looking over at Dean, who hadn’t moved from  his spot where they’d been speaking to the doctor. “What?”
“Ellen’s home.” Dean said needlessly.
Shocked, Castiel pulled away from Dean and looked down, and then back up. Dean’s eyes were hooded but the smirk on his mouth said it all. “I didn’t even realise you were…”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry.”
The doctor nodded. “We took that out this morning when we were discussing plans to begin waking you up.”
“That’s right. You’re Dean?” she addressed Sam with the question.
“Well, it seems that someone in that family can read, at least, but only time will tell if it’s enough for you to graduate.”
“Pops. You’re squishing me. I can’t breathe.” Summer wheezed.
Sam nodded sadly.
“We’ve been called brats, without the ‘B’. I’ve been called a Wild Child. And I took it as a compliment at first, until I realised they weren’t talking about me being a normal teenager with an attitude. They were actually implying that I had been raised in a wild jungle or something. And then of course, came the derogatory remarks they all shot at Dean. Things like ‘feral’, ‘worthless’, ‘ugly’ and, yes, even ‘stupid’.” Sam added, shooting Castiel a certain look when he said the last word, reminding Castiel of that morning.
“No. But it is the first time it’s been questioned by a fucking bitch in front of twenty other witnesses! Man, Sammy, I, I can’t fucking go through that shit every day. I’ll fucking snap.”
“Let him go, Summer, he’s going to be like this whether we like it or not.”
The thoughts of his brother’s unsung achievements distracted Sam to the point of madness. He had to do something for his brother. But that was easier said than done.
“Shut it, Samantha!”
The nurse radioed it in on her portable that she needed someone from the burn unit to come and look at a possible third degree.
“And we will deal with that. As we always do. But we do it together, and we don’t involve others, especially one who doesn’t fight, Dean. Look at him. Does he look like someone who knows how to stand up in a ring on his own? What do you think will happen if he pulls that on someone around here? He won’t be the one walking away, that’s what’s going to happen. Now put it away.”
“Talking literally, yes, we were.”
“Is that why my throat feels scratchy?”
“OW!” she snapped. She shot Dean a sharp death glare, but it died on her face before it could settle into place when she saw the look Dean was giving Gabriel.
“I hesitate to answer that question, Mr Winchester, given the display you’ve already given them.” Castiel scolded.
"Thank you." Dean told him and the other fire fighter slash paramedic of the station house nodded before walking away.
“Alright, fine. I’ll stop.”
“Because you were watching.”
“Why?”
“So, then you tried to fuck him and he turned you down?”
“No I didn’t.”
Dean deepened the kissed and pressed his full body weight down onto Castiel. Castiel’s hands slid up and under Dean’s shirt, over the ridges of his stomach, over his pectoral plate, scraping his nipples. Dean thrust his cock against Castiel’s own bulging pants, serving as a reminder that they were both still clothed. Castiel’s hands flew down to begin unbuckling Dean’s belt and jeans.
“That’s your fault for not letting me fight my own battles.”
“So?”
The officer nodded and then he left and Dean closed the door. “Go on up to bed, Claire. We will discuss your reasons for being out after curfew and why you thought it was a good idea to get into a car being chased by police in the morning.”
And this was what Cass wanted to hear?
“No, sir. He’s a guy that Alex has been dating behind Aunt Jody’s back. Aunt Jody doesn’t like him, apparently. Says he’s trouble. And, yeah, I guess he is a bit of a jerk. Treated Alex like a piece of garbage at the movie last night. And I kinda think he’s been hitting her. But, no, he’s not the same guy from the Race.”
By ten, they’d pretty much learned to be self-reliant, whether their father was present or not. In a hotel, they could cook basic meals to keep themselves fed. In the car they’d creep into outdoor dining restaurants and eat the leftovers from tables that had been vacated before the cleaning staff could come by and sweep everything back to the kitchens. In some of those cases, they’d been busted but when they’d been forced to give up the location of their ‘parents’ the staff had taken pity on them and given them food to take away, as long as they didn’t make a habit of stealing the ‘dregs’ of uneaten meals.
Although Dean was technically a patient, he was mostly compos mentis enough that his doctor was happy for him to be left to his own devices. To be honest, if it wasn’t for the fact that they were at the hospital with Summer anyway, Dean would have been treated as an Outpatient for his injuries. That left him with the free will to leave on a food run for them both instead of waiting for the canteen staff to bring them something.
Off to the side Jo and her partner were obviously watching them. "So, that's the husband, huh? I expected more. He's not as attractive as Winchester, is he?" The partner was a new recruit, hired in the last week since Dean’s last rostered on shift at the station as paramedic. He was almost full time firefighter right now, since all spots for paramedic were covered. So, it stood to reason that if Dean didn’t know the guy, then the guy didn’t know Dean. Therefore, he also did not know the relationship between him and Jo. Or between the rest of the station, for that matter.
"Let's just say, that we only have family over during Christmas lunch. And everyone on shift today attends, every year, without fail. Plus a few extras that were not in attendance today."
Sam would have told his brother to go fuck himself, but at that moment a car door shut and then the front door did as well. “Sam! Dean! Are you boys home?”
“What was that all about?” Sam asked him as they drove away. By now, Lisa had reappeared and was staring after them as she tried to help her passenger to his feet. Not an easy feat in the hooker heels she was wearing. The heels on those things were longer than Dean’s prick!
Cas came to the door, hobbling on his crutches, and smiled shyly at Dean, who returned it with a lazy lopsided smirk. “What’s up fuck toy?” Dean said loudly enough for Castiel’s parent’s to hear.
“We’re upstairs, Ellen.” Sam called back.
“Fine. I will let him explain.”
“Well, yeah, kinda. Why, you scared?”
“I’ll go get the car then, shall I? I can’t possibly fuck that up, right?” he snapped. He turned on his heel and marched out, shoulder barging past his brother on the way out.
“I’ll be fine here. I swear. Just take some time to get yourself together again.” Dean spoke as if they were the only two in the room, brushing some hair away from Castiel’s face and then cupping his cheek to pull him in for a gentle kiss. “Go home and rest, please. You’re no good to anyone like this.” He said gently.
Dean smiled quickly, like he was trying to fit in – like Sam – but he was pretty sure he was failing miserably.
A triage nurse came forward, addressing Jo and her partner, a paramedic Cas didn't know, as was, obviously the protocol, - obviously the hospital staff aren't going to ask a fire fighter what they needed to know.
"I'm on my way." He hung up sharply and then ran the rest of the way to his brother in law's office. "SAM! Sam. I have to go. I have to cancel the meeting." He all but screamed as he entered the office.
“Have a seat, boys.” Dean sneered, kicking Uriel in the side as he got to him first, and then leaned down and punched Lucas in the side of the head. Both landed in semi sitting positions on their asses, even if Uriel was hunched over, protecting his stomach and face against the floor and Lucas had found comfort in kneeling like a beggar, bent over from the blow to his head.
“But he is staying at your house, right?”
There was no paramedic in the back with them since obviously they figured Dean would take care of any issue that arose while en route into the hospital. Cass was grateful since it meant they had a little bit of privacy to worry about their little girl.
Dean leaned down to his ear. “Look at him. You do that to him?”
“This is just another foster home. And when things do go south we’ll be better off without any ties to this place. So, if you’re going to play with this guy, make sure it’s quick and painless. We can at least leave here without breaking any hearts and making a town full of people hate us.”
“It’s complicated. I wouldn’t expect you to understand unless you knew what kind of life my brother and I live, lived, whatever. It’s hard for me to trust anyone. The only person who hasn’t ever let me down is Sammy.”
But then IT happened.
“No one.” Castiel confirmed.
This time the bitchface he got was the one that never failed to make him laugh because it almost came with the mental telepathic caption of ‘I’m gonna smack you in a minute you jerk’ every time his brother used it. “Come on, show time.” Dean changed the subject, smacking his brother on the chest with the back of his hand as he shifted to get out, hearing the bell go.
“And we start fights to get food into our stomachs and clean clothes on our backs.” Sam added, speaking over the top of his brother, shooting the driver a bitchface.
But class went off without a hitch. Monroe was a stern teacher, ran a tight ship when lecturing. But he was also fair. He knew when to laugh at a student’s innocent slip up without being cruel about it. And he also knew when to come down hard on another student’s lazy work ethic when it came to handing in assignments. The students all seemed to like and respect him and he treated them like they were actually human.
Castiel moaned again when, at last, his fingers wrapped around his long awaited prize.
“I told them about all the beatings you took for me, and the names we were called. I told them they’d labelled you feral. And I told them the agency called you a fighter because of all the fights you got into. And I told them how Mosely sat you down and taught you how to make that a good thing. Not once, did that ever come up. And it never will as long as I draw breath.” Sam snapped back.
CHAPTER WARNINGS FOR MENTIONS OF GRAPHIC RAPE AND CHILD MUTILATION.
“Cass. Babe. Why don’t you go on home and get some rest, hmm? You still need to meet with Sammy about that trial you’ve been working on.” Dean told him.
“The difference is that you are a jerk, and I’m not.”
“I’m fine. It won’t happen again.”
“Yes. That’s obvious.”
“Oh, right. Yes, I was told to expect you. Find a seat and then see me at the end of class so I can give you an overview of what you might need to catch up to the rest of the class.” The teacher told them, signing the sheet and handing it back before gesturing back behind the boys in a vague, general sweep of the room to indicate the seats available.
“You must have been dreaming, Benny. I was standing beside you the whole time.” Sam added, exchanging a wide grin with his brother, who had tucked Castiel into his side even tighter than before.
And Cass was standing there, waiting for Dean to blurt all of this out to him?
But before he could find out how they might have reacted he heard Bobby pull up outside in the truck and get out. “Dean! Sam? You boys here?”
Castiel screamed, his eyes went huge and then rolled into the back of his skull and he seemed to have a seizure. Dean smirked. “And that, my friend, was the Sweet Spot. Feels good, don’t it?”
“Nope. Bobby did it this morning while I was having a smoke out the back. Heard him talking about his ‘twins with the troubled youth who are staying with him’ to some bitch named Hannah.”
“She said you were detailed. She said she knew.” Dean argued, not ready to let his anger go just yet, but he’d stopped wailing on his brother, so that was a plus.
Truthfully, he’d known all along that he’d cop it well and good from Bobby. And, he honestly didn’t have an excuse. He was a firefighter and a paramedic, his hands were vital to his continued employment.
If Cass wasn’t so horny he’d have realised that, yeah, of course Dean would be skittish about having anyone back there after what he’d endured. And with what he knew of Dean he could see how much it would take for him to develop that level of trust in a partner. He certainly wouldn’t just lay down and let it happen again without a fight either.
“Was it just me, or was she a little overly helpful?” Dean asked his brother as they walked down the hall to their first class.
“Right. So, obviously your eyes aren’t painted on; you can all see we have two new guys in the class. So get your staring out of your systems now, but save your disrupting noise for the lunch room. Anyone interrupting my lesson will be writing a four thousand word essay on the difference between Shakespeare and Lord Byron. Now, let’s get back to the lesson.”
Despite himself Dean let out an involuntary burst of ‘HA’. Cass shot him an annoyed look and scolded her by saying. “The very fact that you said that shows that you know perfectly well what you did was not only wrong, but illegal. We’ve taught you better, Claire.”
Cas steeled himself to look at his precious baby and couldn't help a small sob. She was hooked up to IVs and breathing tubes and all kinds of equipment that were obviously keeping her alive.
"How many of you are related at work?" He asked.
He brushed his hip in a subtle motion which only Sam noticed, because he was looking for it. The comforting feel of his knife hilt met his touch and Dean relaxed a tiny bit more, though he still felt like he needed to run from the room before he could be ambushed.
Dean nodded and leaned up to press their foreheads together. They didn't speak, but their silent looks spoke volumes.
Until they walked in.
"So; when you left this morning. You know I was supposed to be rostered off. Well they needed me to come in and cover Benny's shift. Our truck answered the call for a building fire. At the school. Baby. Our little girl was caught in the building. I can't leave while the fire is still so out of control. But they need a parent to go with her in the Ambulance."
“So he says.” Dean muttered.
“So, why didn’t you fuck him?”
After a moment of silent consideration Cas turned to Dean.
They did; some time after midnight. Both drunk as skunks and muttering gibberish, but clearly the best of friends again. They poured themselves into bed and had no clue they’d ever been spied on.
“No, Dean, you didn’t ‘have to’ do anything. You did it because you wanted to thank Mrs Tran for taking us both in. Despite the fact that she spoke perfect English, you chose to learn her mother tongue because you knew it would mean more to her because you took the effort to do so.”
And, that’s when he realised that Dean would probably be bringing food back to force down Castiel’s throat. He’d worry about that later.
“Right. There. He’s said it loud and clear, there is no way you fucks could mistake that. It will be your only warning. The next time I have to speak to you about touching him, I will not let you walk away.”
“How about you not be such a giant dick and help me up the stairs, find out which room our brothers have absconded to and make ourselves comfortable in the other one.”
This made both Winchester boys perk up. Leave? But, but…
"Oh, my baby. My poor girl. You look so banged up. But, you're in good hands here. Your doctor sounds pretty competent. And aunty Jess says she will check in on you occasionally. Grandpa and grandma, well you know them. They'd give your dad a real run for his money in terms of fretting over you here. They're all going to be impossible to live with. You know that, right?" Castiel sighed, fidgeting with the hospital blankets covering his daughter's body.
“I love you, dad.” She murmured into his neck as she tried with all her might to squeeze the life out of him.
Dean groaned and pressed Castiel’s hand harder against him. “Hmm, baby.” He mumbled around a wave of aroused dizziness.
His lack of answer was answer enough as far as Dean was concerned.
So, while Sam got their homework sorted, Dean set about creating the biggest sandwich he could. He started off with bread, a layer of cheese and ham, and then just got more ridiculous from there. He added a pork chop, which had been shredded from the bone, another piece of cheese, a burger patty, tomato sauce, another patty, mustard, more ham. Then on went another slice of bread, more ham, bacon, cheese, bacon – again, another patty, bacon and cheese, ham, another squirt of tomato sauce and more bacon. Finally, a last layer of ham and cheese and the third piece of bread went on top.
This made Dean chuckle in a leering kind of way; the statement reminding him of why his husband was naked. “Dude, you think I’m any better?”
“Big deal! We shared the same womb together, and everything since then. We are twins. It’s about time you start treating me like it.”
Cas lifted an eyebrow in challenge and turned to hobble down the hall, throwing a smirk back over his shoulder as he disappeared into the kitchen.
Cas nodded and followed his brother back up the stairs. Dean tracked him with his eyes glued to Castiel’s ass.
“Oh. Wow. That’s big. How’d they take it?” Dean asked, still completely focused on Castiel, trying to get his attention.
Chapter Seven
“Go on.”
“It was during the blow job, if you must know.” Castiel snapped primly.
Something he soon regretted when he realised Jo had brought company.
Dean nodded.
“It’s because you don’t know how to answer Bobby’s proposal. You know I’m right.”
With no retort for that one Dean grunted and stomped off, up to bed, throwing, "ye comin?" over his shoulder.
So, they drove to the hospital and Dean carried Castiel – literally carried; bridal style – from the car to the ER front desk. The triage nurse came out with a wheel chair and then took their names and the reason for their visit.
Dean jumped and then smacked himself mentally. It was just Crowley, but still, someone had gotten close to him without him seeing. “Oh, yeah? And what’s their damage?”
They got up together and left the room, bickering, as usual, about whether they were clean and presentable enough for dinner. Sam argued that Dean should have a shower. Dean shoved him into the wall and simply refused.
“Very well, Miss Winchester, proceed.”
“Yeah, but they don’t know that. To them, I’m just the kid with ADHD and no attention span to learn anything.”
"God. I can't get her fucking screams out of my head. And that damn beam... God. I swear it weighed more and more every time I tried to get it off of her. She'd tripped as the beam fell, it's why it only got her leg. God. If she'd been on her feet when it landed.... fuck. Fuck. Damn it, Cas, why? Why did it have to happen to our little girl?"
Dean shrugged a shoulder. “Never said I was the one who would do it. Just said that it could be done, especially once those friends of yours found out what you’re like behind closed doors. But, then, no one actually knows how much value you hold towards that slice of lawn, so, I doubt they’d know how much that act alone could hurt you.” Dean hesitated, like he thought that was the end of it, but then, as if in after thought he looked up at her and asked, “Do they?”
“So what! It’s not the first time our intelligence has been questioned!”
Sam has a Dark Side.
“Alright, I’ve pulled over. What’s up?”
“Was that before the angry sex or after the blow job in the shower?” she shot.
“Don’t fuck with our friends again. Leave Castiel Novak the fuck alone. Leave Gabriel and Jo alone. Leave Benny and Charlie alone and leave Crowley alone. Or we’ll be back.” Sam growled.
“Back then he was in the early stages of ‘turning feral’. Which was the term given to him by one of the kinder foster parents we stayed with. Of course, that was just their way of saying that Dean had ‘too much Street’ in him to live in a ‘proper home with normal people’. Others weren’t so kind, calling him an animal that could and would never be tamed. He’s been called a Waste Of Space, Good for Nothing and even some vile names that I’m not going to repeat. He’s endured a lot of shit. Took the worst of the abuse, the harshest of the beatings.” Sam told them at one point, trying to make them all understand that Dean had truly suffered quite a lot to make him the way he was.
Bobby, watching them go up to their room, almost died with relief and finished off the last of the beer he’d been nursing for who knew how long, before following his sister’s boys up the stairs to his own room. Inside Ellen rolled over and curled into his side. “Did they get home safely?”
Cas nodded. "I kept seeing every worst case scenario running through my head on the drive to the school. I didn't know what I would find when I got there. What condition was I going to find her body in? What state of mind you were in. I kept seeing her blackened corpse at the back of my mind. I imagined you out of your mind with grief being pinned down and injected with a sedative. I didn't know what to think."
“Get some sleep, love, it’ll all be better in the morning.”
Cas nodded. “Yeah. That was Jo’s birthday sleep over, remember? She wanted you and Sam to join in, but you both refused. You’d only been there about a week or so, I think she said.”
Before closing the door he leaned down and caught his husband’s lips with his, bracing his weight on the side of the car door so that he didn’t fall. “I’ll see you at home. Get some sleep.”
Summer smiled at the old nickname and handed the phone back to her father. Dean kissed her head as he took it back and then Castiel stepped in to start fussing over Summer’s blankets again.
“I want us to be safe. I want to go to school and make something of my life so that I don’t have to live on the streets and die in a cardboard box in a rat infested alley. But if living the way I want to means that I lose you…”
Suddenly, Sam went silent, like he’d run out of words. Cass simply sat there, hyperaware that Sam was watching, waiting.
Crowley smirked at him, but before he could say anything else, Jo interrupted them and gestured beside her. A boy about Dean’s age sat there glancing shyly at him from under his eyelashes. His black hair was in disarray, like he’d just gotten out of bed after a vigorous sex marathon with an animal. He had blue eyes the likes of which Dean had never seen before and he gulped down a shot of arousal and shifted in his seat. Blue eyes had always turned him on. He wore a tan trench coat over a pair of black trousers and white shirt. He screamed Submissive and Dean growled for some strange reason.
Dean stared at her, his mouth hanging open. Sam groaned and rather than smacking his forehead into his palm, as Dean had, it thunked on the table top instead.
“Only, he wasn’t as detailed as Charlie implied. He left out almost everything. He gave you guys the highlights. What their lives were like before my stepfather found them… Sam may as well have drawn you all a picture of candy canes and rainbows at lunch today.” Jo answered.
Despite the fact that Bobby had only just gotten them to start school again this week, the twins had been with them for a few months. And in that time, they’d kind of let Jo in behind their walls a little bit. The rejection from Dean just now reminded her of when they’d first gotten there. Dean was open and friendly and outgoing now, compared to back then.
“He didn’t say you don’t mean anything to him. He said he doesn’t mean anything to you. He thinks you don’t care about him, Dean. You haven’t given him any reason to think you do, I know you.”
“Of course not. I will always be there to rescue you, no matter what.” Dean told her, doing exactly as she wanted, pulling Castiel into the embrace with them.
It was a struggle, since obviously Sam wasn’t going to help, and Dean kept revving the engine like he was about to drive off whether Cass and Gabe were out of the car or not. Gabe was annoyed that Sam refused to help, but what he didn’t realise was that in sitting in his seat, Sam was actually keeping Dean from driving off. It also meant that when Dean did drive off, he had no choice but to take Sam with him.
“It’s true though.” Sam was remorseless.
As had been their way of handling disciplinary actions within the family since the twins had been young.
The Impala pulled into a park and idled for a moment, purring like a beautiful animal. The two teens sitting inside it looked up at the building in front of them with the same sense of foreboding. They hadn’t gone to school in at least four years. Not since the death of their father presented them with more important challenges… like the effort to survive through the day, one day at a time.
Just as Sam and Gabe walked around the car to the kerb Dean wound down his window and threw a tiny square packet at Sam. “Here, you’re gonna need this.”
“Ok, then what about telling him about the time you met a guy you thought you could trust and he totally screwed us both over. And you went on a rampage after he drugged us and stole the keys to Baby and took her for a joy ride.”
"Dean, show me your hands. Please."
“Dean? Dean, before you go any further, we’re in the parking lot at school, everyone is watching.” Jo warned him, seeing his hand slip between his and Castiel’s bodies, headed for Castiel’s zipper.
“Yeah.” He giggled.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake! You three are such fucking babies!” Cas snapped, he appeared over Sam’s shoulder from a room further down the hall just as Gabe stepped out of the door way at the top of the stairs.
Before anyone knew any different Dean had whisked the blade from Sam’s hand and hidden it from sight once more.
“Stop calling me stupid. I’m not stupid.”
“Fine. Yeah. I guess I… yeah, ok. See you at school, Cassie.” Gabe stuttered before he followed Jo and got out of the car.
“Claire was in an accident last night, after she left Alex.”
“Damn, he keeps that up, I’m gonna have to start liking him.” Dean muttered.
“I have to disagree with my brother. He wasn’t truly pissed off just before. He was angry, annoyed mostly, and definitely wanted to hit something – preferably a couple of homophobic parents, in the face, with a brick – but he wasn’t truly pissed off. I’ve seen him pissed off and that wasn’t it.” Sam argued.
“You’ll have better luck keeping her off the leg if she’s in here than we ever would at home. She’s an active child. Running, swimming, and I think she was talking about netball this season.” Cass answered.
As if his question had summoned her, a doctor in blue scrubs came through the door. "I'm looking for Summer Winchester's family?"
“Dude, he just throws that shit in our faces and then expects us to, what, say yes on the spot?”
“In my chambers.” Cas decided, jabbing a thumb over his shoulder towards the kitchen. Dean got up and followed, shooting a look at Claire to tell her to stay put.
The use of courtroom banter indicated that Claire really was prepared to ‘plead her case’ before her judge, jury, and executioner.
“Open it.”
“Oh. Ouch.” Dean cringed.
“I’m Dean, he’s Sam. And we’re next of kin.”
They often fought about who was the better brother; Sam with his book smarts and eidetic memory. Or was it Dean?
“Fuck you, Deana. That shit’s not cool. Not cool at all, Jerk.”
“Dean Winchester Orgasm.” Cas quipped as Dean pulled his softened cock from his backside and laid down beside him before spooning together, Cas was the little spoon and he had a feeling there would be no argument on the matter, now, or ever.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You don’t need to pay me for anything.”
“What knife?” Uriel snapped.
“So, it’s not, like, your mothers?”
“Did you just use that tone on me? Seriously?”
This was Winchester Survival Instinct.
Sam appeared from the door way into the kitchen and waved to the older man with one hand while the other reached out and punched his twin on the shoulder.
“Then it shouldn’t bother you as much as it does. It was four years ago.”
"In all this drama, we've been so concerned with Summer, I didn't put it together until just now. Her father tried to lift a burning wooden beam off of her. With his bare hands."
“I’m Sam Winchester, this is my brother, Dean, we’ve just transferred. Are you Mister Monroe? The lady in the office said you’re our English teacher. She said to give you this to sign?” Sam handed over the sheet the office staff needed for the end of the day to mark their attendance.
“Well, go see who it is.”
Dean let out a loud huff of air and smacked his forehead. “Any way, moving on, shall we? Claire. I am still waiting to hear why you did what you did last night. You knew your curfew was midnight. And you know the rule about disobeying a police officer. What if that had been me in pursuit? Hmm?”
“He doesn’t trust me.”
"We've cleared her airways as much as we could. And we've tried to immobilize her leg, but I'm afraid, with the burn, we can't cast it. Instead we've had to go the more dramatic route and go in to pin it. Fortunately the burn itself wasn't as bad as we'd first thought. We expect almost no scaring. Faint ones if any at all, at the very least I don't expect them to be so disfiguring that it will impact her life. From what I understand, the beam wasn't on fire for long before it was removed, correct? It's possible that's why the leg wasn't burned too badly. Time will tell with the break, however. As I said, we had to pin it, to do that, we had to set it and drill into the bone. I'd still like to keep her here. Here I can make sure she stays off the leg. If she must go home though I'd Like your assurances that she will be non weight bearing..."
He knew how protective she could be. He’d seen it. Had seen the aftermath of it.
Sam held up a neon pink vibrator between his thumb and index finger. “Look what I found!”
When they got to school both sets of twins separated and Dean dragged his brother over to one of the outdoor tables in the courtyard where students ate lunch when it was warm and clear enough. He climbed into the table and sat down, his feet planted on the bench seat below him. Sam stood off to the edge and waited for whatever it was on Dean’s mind to work its way to his mouth.
Castiel nodded in agreement and then turned to gesture that they return to ‘carry out sentencing’.
Lightning quick before anyone could register what he’d done he reached down and dragged the blade across Lucas’s cheek, once, twice, three times, and then once more. And then, with another two more cuts Sam stood back, and smiled crookedly at the tiny star shaped scar on the other teen’s cheek.
Sam loved that about his twin. More than a couple times he’d had to stand on the side lines while Dean had literally fought off poachers wanting the meagre scraps the boys had gathered to eat. And Dean had a habit of hiding weapons he’d hand made in various places on his body, which meant that any unlucky opponent quickly learned that Dean was not one to fuck with.
They were silent for the rest of the ride home. Unfortunately that also meant a ten minute walk from the bus stop closest to Jo’s house and Castiel was already in a lot of pain from the bumpy bus ride.
“What’s the verdict?” he asked.
Sam went in and got it while Dean stayed out by the car, leaning against the hood, peeling an orange and eating it in segments. A red Porsche pulled up beside him and Lisa Braeden got out, sashaying her mini skirted hips as she passed him. He spared her a glance, just one to tell him who it was before he returned his attention back to his fruit. He was vaguely aware that she went into Bobby’s shop, but he was more aware of the man riding shot gun in the Porsche.
“I’m sorry.”
At least. They did, until a group of fire fighters from another station house showed up, and one by one they stopped in front of Dean to pay their respects. One, a big guy, about Benny's size, introduced himself as David, stopped and actually spoke to both Dean and Cas for a few moments. He said his wife, Kim, would kick his backside if he didn't at least come and show his respect, regardless of the fact that Dean wasn't on his truck, Dean was a fire fighter, and that counted.
After that Bobby and Ellen stayed for another few moments before Cass came back.
“Love you too, honey bear.”
“Fuck you, bitch.”
He planted his keister in the chair opposite his twin, lounging back into his chair, one arm slung over the top of his back rest, one leg propped up on the edge of the seat beside him, and pointed to the bench where the pile of pancakes still sat. “Bobby left some pancakes on the bench for you guys. How’s your leg, Cas?” he asked, hoping to ward off any conversation between them and his brother for a little bit longer.
“You know that this changes nothing between us, right? Dean, I like you. I’ve liked you for a while now. I was so proud when you agreed to be my boyfriend yesterday. I’m not about to let this get in the way of something, some one I’ve wanted for a long time.”
“And yes, I let them drink because they’re not like other kids your age. They’ve been drinking for more years then I care to find out. And Dean, I have something for you to read.”
“Don’t you speak to your father like that. Not after the stunt you pulled this morning.” Dean snapped at her.
“Yo, Dean!” Sam called out then, so he couldn’t have given the couple any attention even he’d been bothered enough to do so.
“THEN WHY! WHY DID YOU HURT HIM!”
"I'm sorry. I was a total mess back there. I just... I keep hearing her screams in my head. Ya know? As a firefighter I see it all the time. But I never thought I would ever answer the call to save my own child."
At lunch, Gabriel was still suddenly chatty. He even sat beside Sam at their table and filled the younger Winchester twin in on his life story leading up to him and his brother coming out to their own parents.
“So, your solution is to just never be naked around him? He’s going to see and then what?” This time Sam spoke in the language they’d developed between themselves, the same one Bobby had noticed earlier, at breakfast. The vowels and consonants slipping and writhing together until they were unintelligible to anyone but each other.
“Yeah. I was just thinking.”
“I got your homework done. I’ve still got mine to go yet.”
Dean heaved a deep put upon sigh and then dragged himself off Castiel and got out. Castiel wriggled into a position that wouldn’t let him fall out when Dean opened the door, but that was as far as he managed to get.
“Actually, you might be surprised what he’d do if you kissed him.”
“Yes? Who are you?” The teacher finally spoke when the boys got to his desk.
“Because you called him stupid. Dummy. Please, just talk to him. Let him talk to you. Please.” Here, Sam stopped and put Cass back on his feet, just inside the front door where they could both see Dean sitting in the car, looking so sad and beaten. “Please, I am begging you, Castiel. He is on the verge of leaving. And if he leaves, I leave with him. And I don’t want to leave. I like it here. And I like the people. Please. He needs to hear you tell him he’s not stupid, and that you do like him.”
Which was why, by the time they finally made their big break and escaped the building towards their car, the fight in the parking lot was already well under way, with a large ring of spectators.
The subject of the dream and what Sam believed it meant didn’t come up again that day. Whether that was because Dean deliberately avoided the subject or because Gabriel was suddenly interested in making conversation – and that definitely had Dean’s stink all over it – Sam didn’t know.
“Suck it up, buttercup. It’s supposed to hurt, it’s Dettol. It’ll clean the cut so I can look at it. It might need stitches.”
Make it personal for any of them, they’ll never find the body.
“I’ll deal with it when the time comes. But I won’t let him hurt you again.”
“Are you saying you don’t want the life Bobby’s offering?”
“You know, when I found them in that drop in centre, I was so glad they were ok. They looked so well fed, looked after. I mean I had no idea, just to look at them, seeing how clean and happy they were, that they’d been through so much. I thought I was looking at a couple of kids who had lived in a good home all their lives; well adjusted, reliable parents. As cared for as Jo. I almost turned around and walked out, so sure I’d made a mistake and that they weren’t Mary’s boys after all. And then their social worker began reading from their file. I almost laughed him out of the room. I even called him a liar. He warned me they were ‘broken’.”
Who needed parents when you had a brother as cool as Sammy?
Dean, to his credit, lifted him out of the car like he was a rag doll, despite the awkward position he’d gotten into, and carried him into the house.
They obviously hadn’t moved the entire time, because they were still sitting on the end of the bench, as far away as they could get. Gabe was staring in open horror at Sam and then at Dean, who was still on his back with his arm thrown over his face like he was trying to hide. And Castiel shared the same look of horror, only he’d had the presence of mind to try and cover it behind his hands cupped over his mouth and nose.
“I noticed you didn’t say you liked being here.” Sam mused.
“Yes. And I am friends with many high ranking people.”
“You so much as twitch towards that door and I will gut you like a stuck pig.” Dean muttered.
Cass looked down at the mess and grimaced. “Yeah. I guess I’ll just have to get out the other side. And yeah, your brother painted a very vivid picture.”
“Actually, our mother was raped and killed thirteen years ago and our father was too busy getting drunk every night to remember our existence. So, while you’re right, we haven’t had an education in the last four years, you’ll do well to remember that we’re far from the village idiots.” Dean shot back at her, going for shock value; which seemed to work on some of the smirking teens, who looked down and away in shame when he mentioned the way his mother died. But the fact that he didn’t back down from the teacher, and even took a step up, getting in her face in clear challenge, enraged the woman.
Dean was a true product of the streets; nothing came for free and all doctoring had to be done by your own hand, or you died. Survival of the fittest. There was no such thing as a weak homeless teen.
“Was that display for our benefit? What were you hoping to get out of it?”
“Stop being a bitch, will you. I want whatever makes you happy.”
“Knock it off.”
It had been her tenth birthday and he’d forgotten to pick up her favourite birthday breakfast on his way home from work that morning. She’d told him she would never forgive him, even though they both knew she already had, so he crawled to her like a puppy dog and whine at her until she doubled over with laughter and said, ‘alright, fine, you’re forgiven, but don’t do it again’.
"What? Why?" He answered with amusement, either consciously or unconsciously, moving his hands out of sight.
“Nice to be here.” She retorted back, for which she received a slap to the back of her head from her other father, who had come in behind her without her knowing about it.
“Right. Don’t come in to ours. I’ll string you up by the balls if you do!”
“Your father and I have discussed your punishment for that, by the way.” Castiel told her, slapping a plate of pancakes down in front of her before handing a plate of bacon to Dean.
“The boy that came to the house last night. The one who picked you up when you went to the movie with Alex. Was that the same kid that drove the car that crashed?” Dean asked.
Everything.
“What’s that supposed to mean.” Crowley quoted.
“Why, you want me to?” Dean replied, seriously. “I can if you want, but I was going to get Sam to do it, he sews straighter.”
Needless to say, Dean was perfectly aware of what was in store for the punk who had been beating on her adopted daughter. And that was ignoring the fact that she was licensed to carry a weapon. And she was an expert markswoman.
“That was one hell of an apology.” Dean panted when Castiel pulled back, but not away.
“Because he was talking smack about me and Castiel. Asked me why I hadn’t tried to fuck him last night.”
“Yeah, Sammy. I'm all good. You remember Cockrider671, right?”
Dean grunted but only spoke to Sam; “You gonna have a coffee? You wanna get me one too? Thanks, Sammy.”
Sam’s return to the car shook Jo out of her head and she and the Novak twins fell into a conversation about yesterday’s History lesson. But none of them could ignore the tense silence emanating from the front. They tried very hard to ignore it, Jo and Castiel succeeded for the most part, but Gabe couldn’t stand it any longer and finally burst out, “So, Dean-o, want to tell us what happened yesterday?”
“Winchester. I don’t suppose you know how to add and subtract basic numbers? You’ve missed, what is it, four years of school? What happened, your mummy didn’t want to drive you?” she asked snidely when they introduced themselves and handed her the sheet to sign.
Dean pretended to storm out in a huff, but Sam simply rolled his eyes and returned to his books. This time he was finished a lot faster. When it came to doing his own work rather than Dean’s it usually took less time because he actually took notes for himself. With Dean being ADHD he could never focus on any one task at a time, which was why Sam stepped in for them both.
They turned and kept walking like nothing had just happened and miraculously made it to the class on time.
That was when the bell went off.
Both twins knew that Sam had taken over because Dean would have turned violent and then they’d be forced to call an ambulance to save the man’s life, which would have brought the cops, and that would have led to unwanted attention for all involved.
“I don’t think he expected us to answer at that moment. I think he just wanted to give us an option. To let us know that we don’t have to leave, Dean. We can stay. We can be happy.”
Dean turned serious, all evidence of their nit-picking conversation just now gone. “I’m a jerk to everyone because no one has proven to me that they deserve to be treated differently. I’m a jerk to you because that’s how you let me blow off steam so that I don’t punch a wall or break someone’s face.”
The dig took the wind out of Summer’s teasing tone and her grin slid off her face like water off of granite. “I’m sorry, daddy. I was just teasing.”
"How's Summer? Any news yet?" Balthazar asked as Gabriel took his turn hugging Castiel.
“Who said it was only taken for a test drive? It happens to be my favourite toy.”
“I nearly lost her, Bobby. My hands, my hands were nothing compared to that.”
“Yes. And a little bit of no, on the Alistair thing. I didn’t like seeing you hurt. Sam’ll tell you, I’m protective of the ones I care about. But that, with Alistair. I’d have done that anyway, just because he was beating someone up. Someone who, clearly, couldn’t fight back. And the fact that his reason for doing it was simply ‘I hate gays’ nearly cost him something very valuable to him.”
Dean grunted. He closed the boot and walked around to the front and got in behind the wheel. “Didn’t think you’d leave with me.”
“Yes. Jeez, calm down.”
Dean shot him another filthy look.
“Yeah, we did speak to her earlier, she wants to keep Summer in.”
“I stand by my earlier assessment, it is not getting in my car.” Dean grumbled as Castiel approached.
“So, is that a no you don’t want a real life?”
But he needn’t have bothered, because at that moment Summer’s doctor walked in after knocking quickly. Dean pulled away from Summer, turning to the doctor expectantly.
Dean chuckled again before turning back to a sleepy-eyed Cas. “Hey, Sleeping Beauty.”
“I don’t want to piss her off if things go bad. She could have us thrown out of here.”
“Then, I guess they’ll just have to deal with staring at the bulge in my jeans for the rest of the afternoon.” Dean remarked.
The doctor had warned them that they might need to wake Summer out of the coma manually. So, when her hand twitched in his, it gave him the shock of his life. Up until that point he’d been sitting beside her bed – where he’d planted himself three days ago, only moving when he had to be with Dean in the other bed – his hand tucked into hers, reading case notes for one of the clients he and Sam were set to defend next week in court. He’d been so startled he threw the case file over his shoulder as he leaped to his feet. The file was forgotten almost immediately as he leaned forward to stroke his daughter’s face, smiling through his tears.
“So.”
“Yeah, well we try to look out for them, but we can’t always be there when shit goes down.”
Sam kicked his brother under the table and when Dean looked up at him he shook his head, mouthing “don’t do it.”
Chapter warnings for mentioned child rape and child abuse and a moment of violence
The doctor nodded and offered to walk Dean out to the front. Dean accepted and they talked amicably about nothing in particular, exchanged a few comments about Summer and how she would be alright in the hospital, and the doctor ended the conversation with his personal promise that he would make sure Dean’s baby girl really would be alright before leaving Dean at the front entrance.
But Cas was already dialling.
"I swear, I'm already on it." She told him, pulling out her phone as she began to walk away, dragging Greg by the shirt sleeve - not stupid enough to leave him alone with Dean as worked up as he was.
Finally, Sam looked up from his books and turned to Dean. He’d managed to eat the sandwich, but he was still struggling with the last bite, which had been packed into his mouth until his cheeks puffed out like a squirrel with nuts in its mouth.
“I like it here, Dean. Roof over our heads. Food in our stomachs. Fresh, food. Food we haven’t had to scrounge out of a bin. It’s right there, downstairs. A pantry full, and a fridge overloaded. Not to mention the hot showers and proper beds.”
“Hmm, hey, Benny, these are my cousins, Sam and Dean Winchester. Dean, Sam, this is Benny. And the girl over there is his adopted sister Charlie. Hey Charlie, come and meet my cousins.” Jo was in her element, showing off 'her cousins'.
Suddenly two of Dean’s fingers were at Castiel’s lips and he was told to suck. So he did, he sucked on Dean’s fingers like he wanted something bigger instead.
“Dude, we were thirteen, and there was a gun to my head. There were four of them, Dean. Even you couldn’t have fought that many off before they shot me.”
Neither twin were aware that Jo and her friends were talking to them, or that Jo had asked Dean if he and Sam wanted to hang out after dinner.
Dean nodded and turned, first to Cass and then to Gabe in the back. “Alrighty, we said we’d help you get your stuff. We’ll have two hours. Sam and I will go in first and make sure your parents don’t interfere. Since Cas is on crutches anything he can’t do, let me know I’ll get it done.” That said, he got out and followed his brother up the path to the front door where Sam lifted his fist and banged on the wooden door. There was no mistaking his heavy handed knocks as anything that could be implied friendly visitors either. Nope, they were two, quick, perfunctory boom-boom smacks with the bottom of his fists.
Dean let it go. If he argued with his brother on the subject Sam would only share more details with the group. Details which Dean didn’t want being shared. He’d done a lot of things he wasn’t proud of in the name of survival, and it had stayed with him – messed with his mind on a daily basis – that didn’t mean he wanted people to know about it.
He’d lost count.
“Get it yourself, you little bitch.”
Cass hissed in pain and jerked away. “What the fuck. That hurt!”
Neither of them were seen in any of their classes for the rest of the day, and when Jo tried calling them at the end of the day both numbers went straight to voicemail, so that left her and Gabe to get Castiel home on the bus. It was no easy feat with his leg. The bus was crowded, and Cas had needed an entire seat to himself and no one wanted to give theirs away.
Castiel's legs gave out and Dean's quick reflexes caught him before he hit the ground. He turned to pull the lawyer into his chest and held him tightly.
He turned into that room, while his brother strong armed the man of the house into the room on the left; a plush looking lounge room.
“Only because you were panting after his brother. I was keeping an eye on the guy in case he knifed you for hitting on his brother.”
“So, yeah. That’s the story. It, ahh, it messed him up. We took off and hooked up with dad for a bit, until he was killed.”
“From their parents’ place?” Sam asked, kinda dumbly.
“What! Fuck no! Not that.”
Not wanting to leave Castiel alone in case he hurt himself again Dean rushed his shower and hurried back down the stairs just as Castiel was pouring more batter into the waffle iron. “I told you that you didn’t have to do that.”
Losing a child patient always messed Dean up for days. But for it to be their own child?
“No, you just said you liked having food, shelter, a place to sleep and hot showers. You didn’t say you liked having those things here, with Uncle Bobby, Ellen and Jo.”
Fergus, however, had only been adopted into the family after Summer was born. He'd been a friend of Dean's before hand, but the circumstances surrounding his sister's abuse and Summer's conception and birth had cemented him as family.
“How? How do I harden up? How can I stand up against my own parents?”
Inside, Dean raided the fridge for a feed and Sam went up to their room to start on their homework. Dean wasn’t as book smart as Sam, in fact, he’d always struggled with school as a child because he lacked the attention span for it. ADHD, they called it. But Sammy thrived in the classroom. He drank the lessons in like a sponge and between the two of them, they got by.
“I guess. He looked so cock-sure. It didn’t go down well when I told him I didn’t find either the girl or the car attractive. Wounded his ego I guess.”
“Agreed.”
Gabriel gaped at him for a moment and then nodded. “I stood up to them and told them that Cass isn’t the only gay son they have and if they’re going to throw Cass out, they’d better throw me out too.”
Castiel moaned and bit his lip to keep himself from making more of a scene.
“Dude, I just promised to listen to him, didn’t I?”
“Dean? Dean didn’t do anything. We all saw Sam do that, right?” Benny asked the crowd.
Jody called back later that day and Dean took the call into the bedroom, away from prying ears.
“Yes, thank you, Ellen, we’ve just had a couple of sandwiches.” Sam told her politely.
“Correction, they love the money you throw at them to look the other way. How many DUI’s have you paid to sweep under the rug this month alone? Twelve, just, so you know. And, how much did it cost you to have that gym shut down? What’d you call it, ‘a disgraceful display of skin and sexual deviance’. I tell you, I read about that one and I had to wonder how you managed to have kids, being such a high strung prude, I mean, what you do, did you just make your husband jizz in a cup and then squirt it up there with a turkey baster? And, how about that park down the street, didn’t you buy off the city workers to walk off that job and come and do your back yard? I saw that by the way, it looks stunning right now. Imagine what could happen if someone came through some time in the night and covered it with a shit ton of herbicide, say, like glyphosate. Hell, it could even be done with vinegar, Epsom salts and some dish washing detergent. All of which, you happen to have right there in the cupboard over there.”
“Wait, what? No! They would never do that to me, people around here love me.”
“As I said, I don’t like talking about it. If you want to hear about the adventures of Bitch-face and Go-Fuck-Yourself, ask my brother. Now, please, shut up and get to class.”
“Fine. This guy was just telling me about his piece of shit Porsche.” Dean answered. His blade was gone in the blink of an eye, and as Sam opened the car door, Dean lifted his hands, palm out, and shoved the wannabe thug back and away from him and smirked as the weirdo stumbled back and fell on his ass.
Dean leaned back against the car, tucking one ankle over the other as he folded his arms across his chest. “Oh, yeah? What else she tell you?”
Big words. Right. Sam simply rolled his eyes and allowed his brother to lead the way to class.
“FUCK NO! EWWW! DEAN, WHAT THE FUCK!”
"Thank you. Hey, Cas, baby. Come here. Meet the doctor who might be able to treat Summer's burn."
“Dean, I need to get back to packing the rest of my stuff.” Castiel stammered.
Dean sighed. He shifted and held out his hands, palm down, for Cas to see.
Dean pulled the car up to the kerb and put the brake on. Sam and Gabe were in the back making out and Cas was sleeping. Dean snorted a soft laugh at his boyfriend and then turned and whacked his brother over the back of the head. “We’re back, quit that shit and get outta my car.” He snapped, grinning cheekily.
“We have to go. And so does he. The bell is about to go, and with his limited speed on those crutches, if he doesn’t go now, he’s going to be late to class.”
Sam was cowering against the back tyre of the impala and one look at his pretty little bitch-face all bloodied up and swollen had Dean seeing red. He reached for the baseball bat he kept in the trunk of his car and walked back around to where he’d left the drunk guy when he’d pulled him off of his brother.
Cas began pacing the room while Dean, finally having removed his jacket, leaned against the wall, head back, lightly hitting the plaster behind him. His arms were folded across his chest, one leg tucked up under his butt, eyes focused on the divot his husband was slowly wearing into the floor.
"Oh, right. Yes, I was the one who looked at her leg. Very lucky young lady. Haven't had the chance to speak to her parents about treatment though."
“I thought you didn’t want to know about that?”
Sam paused to gauge Castiel’s reaction, but Cas nodded for him to go on, so he did. “They all took turns. Three to pin him down across the dining table while one took what they wanted from his body. At first we only looked at each other, trying to distract ourselves by making up ridiculous fantasy scenarios. One that Dean came up with was that Brad Pitt was riding him like a bronco. But after a while he couldn’t do it any more and he turned away from me, shut me out for months afterward. And then his screams began. I watched on, a gun to my head and two giant apes holding me to the chair, while their buddies cut into my brother’s body. See, the sex, he could deal with that. He’d endure that without word, without a sound. He’d been through that before with all the other Johns those people had given us to. But what he couldn’t keep quite against was the razor blades slicing away at his skin. Piece by piece, his back was flayed like a butcher skinning an animal. And they didn’t just throw the pieces of his flesh in a bin. As each piece was cut away from his back, it was dropped in front of him on the table, and each time they fucked into him his face was smashed into the mess.”
Meanwhile, his father had never asked to see him or Sam again, even when his former marine buddy stepped in and filed for adoption.
“Yes, what’s this about?” Cass asked.
“You know, Gabe, mum said you guys can stay with us for as long as you need to.” Jo chimed in as she finally joined them at the lunch table.
By now, even Sam realized that Dean was shit stirring him. He sighed in annoyance, which turned into a real bitchface when Dean found the nearest person and got their attention, she was blonde with green eyes and a dusting of freckles. But neither twin noticed much else; not much to notice – ‘seen one girl, seen’em all’, as Dean would point out. “Hey, this is my twin, Princess Sam and I’m Dean, can you tell us where the admin building is to sign in.”
“Yeah, even more reason for you to stick around and prove him wrong. He really does like you, Dean. I know you can’t trust anyone. But you do trust me. So keep trusting me. He slipped up in there. But I truly believe he didn’t mean to be cruel about it. Talk to him, let him explain.”
Dean had Castiel tucked under his arm, pulled tightly into his side, on their way to meet Sam and the others at the cafeteria. Dean wasn’t really paying much attention so when Castiel stopped walking and shifted uncomfortably at his side, Dean looked up in confusion.
“You just missed Novak doing a strip tease and dancing on the desk.” Crowley teased.
“Yeah? You do, do you? So, you’ve told her everything about what we’ve had to do to survive?” Sam prompted. Dean didn’t respond so Sam added, “You trust her so much that you would let her drive the car?” Dean cleared his throat. Sam went on, “You trust Jo so implicitly that you would leave my life in her hands?”
“Saw Sam do what?” Dean asked, ushering the group away from the screaming teens on the floor.
By the time Bobby and Ellen came back with food, Dean’s hands had been cleaned, smothered with burn cream and bandaged. The doctor was long gone and Castiel had gone home to have a shower and pack some things for Summer.
“But it means more this time, Sam, because it came from him.”
“I saw the way you were watching him.”
“So what does that mean in terms of playing sports and moving on with my life?”
“Who are you?”
But before Dean or Cas could set him straight, Jo did it for them. "Think. Very carefully. About what you say to me next, Greg. Dean loves Castiel to the point of insanity. They've been together since high school. And not only is Dean a paramedic and fire fighter, he was also a sniper. His father trained him from a young age on every manner of weapon available. When his father died he was adopted by Bobby, the man you call battalion chief, and who I call dad. That makes the fire fighter over there my brother. Now, are you sure you want to continue with your line of thought processes?"
He lingered for a few more moments, clearly uncomfortable, before fleeing upstairs.
Jo shook her head, her lips pinched against any comment.
“He wanted to stitch your head. To take care of you…”
“Your brother was asking for it.”
Dean nodded against Castiel’s shoulder and then stepped back so that Cas could leave.
“I have a few waffles in the waffle iron, but they’re not ready yet. Actually. Are you ok to watch them while I have a shower?”
What had happened to him? What was The Thing the boys had fought over yesterday?
“But…”
“I’m sorry to leave you like this. But Sam’s right. There are a few things I have to do before I can be around a school full of other people again.”
“Yeah, maybe. Just drive, Sammy. Watch the road, dude.”
Finally, alone with their daughter again, Cass heaved a deep exhausted sigh and fidgeted with the blankets around Summer, for the thousandth time.
“In Gabe’s room!”
He was about to ask Castiel what was wrong when he saw them. Lucas and Uriel were walking towards them and neither of them had noticed Dean or Castiel yet.
“Awww, come on, man. I know you’re new here so you wouldn’t know better. He’s a fucking faggot! And a fre…” Uriel didn’t get a chance to finish the word before he was spitting blood from his mouth all over the floor.
“This is Castiel. And Gabriel, over there, is his twin. Cassie, this is Dean. My cousin. Sam is his twin. They’ve just moved in with us. Dean, Castiel was the one who told me about Old Grinch. He’s in your class. Said it was an impressive display of male dominance. Gabe reckons you’re a bad ass mother fucker; high praise coming from these two.” Jo told him.
“Well, you were right; it ain’t broken, but you’re gonna have a nice size football for a few days.” Dean told him.
“Scars? You think that’s my biggest worry, Doc? Scars are nothing compared to the feeling I get when I look across the room to see my daughter look back at me and smile.”
So, now, here they were, sitting in the parking lot waiting to go inside for school; Gabe and Jo were in the back seat, sitting as quietly and invisibly as possible. Cas was sitting beside him in the front and Sam was standing off to the side, by the front tire, hoping to be the first to react if they saw Lucas and Uriel.
“Thank you, Doc. We appreciate everything you’ve done for Summer.” Dean told her, holding his hand for her to shake. She smiled and shook it. And that was when Summer noticed his hands. They were both heavily bandaged and it made their handshake awkward and suddenly, Summer understood. He’d pulled that beam from her leg. He’d taken his fire gloves off to pick up that burning beam.
Jo giggled at the incredulous look on Benny’s face. “You’re right, Benny. Sam’s just messing with you. But you know Sam by now, right? He’s not usually the violent one. So, imagine, if Sam can do that, and Dean is the violent one…”
"Exactly my thoughts. Thank you, again, for being here."
Cass laughed and kissed Dean’s cheek in soft admonishment.
“Dude, you killed my dog.”
Dean got to his feet so sharply he knocked the table, glaring down at his twin. “You… you told them everything, huh? Even though we both swore we would never breathe a word of it to anyone. Not even Bobby knows it. And yet, you just randomly decided to tell the whole school everything! Nice. Thanks, Bro.”
As the bell signalled the beginning of classes Dean got out and Sam moved around to the other side to help his boyfriend get Castiel and his crutches out. Dean glanced over the roof to make sure Castiel was ok as he walked to the back of the car and opened the boot. He dug around inside for a few seconds and then closed the lid and joined the group at the front, slinging an arm around Castiel’s shoulder.
Jo and Gabe stood to the side, blocking their display from anyone walking by. They’d been worried all day how Dean would react when he saw Castiel’s face, but this was the furthest from their minds when they’d imagined how he’d react.
“It says… It’s… it’s a consent form. Bobby wants to adopt us officially.” Dean answered, his voice broken and barely a whisper as he spoke. He didn’t know how to take it.
“So, it’s three o’clock in the morning and there is someone banging on our front door.”
Dean shot his twin a glare and Sam ignored him. That was either a good thing… or it could be a bad thing. Who knew with Sammy?
He sat down, but not before standing up to her for a moment longer to ensure she knew he would face up to her if she pushed him to it, and only then, he did it because his twin sat down first, which probably pissed her off even more, knowing that he did only as his brother told him to do.
But Sam had always known better; his twin was the smartest person he knew, when it mattered.
“You sound surprised.”
“That’s bullshit! You can read and write. In two different languages. And don’t say you don’t know what I’m talking about. Twin, remember? How stupid can you be if you can actually teach yourself to read, write and speak Chinese? Dude, they don’t even use letters. But you taught yourself.”
“It is not!” Dean frowned. “So, if you don’t mind me asking, what was the fight about?”
“Well, yeah, I guess. When you put it that way, I suppose it did kinda feel like that. I begged this guy to let me out of the car. I even told him my father was a cop and you were probably the one chasing us. He just laughed and teased me for being a daddy’s princess. I really wanted to hit him in his arrogant face, but that’s when he lost control and crashed. The defence rests, your honour.”
“Those the fuckers that rearranged your face yesterday?” Dean asked his boyfriend.
"Hey, baby, don't cry, please. She's going to be alright. I promise." Dean whispered into his husband's ear.
The women lapsed into a quite conversation and Dean silently moved off to the side to wait for the doctor to come back with his discharge papers. He had to wipe away a few stray tears watching them laugh and joke and tease Jo over her new Mystery Man, but those tears had earned their journey down his cheeks so he wasn’t going to feel embarrassed about them when the doctor did finally come back and hand him the paperwork.
Because what no one outside the duo knew, and would never know, was that Dean had been raped, – well, duh, they were homeless teens, being violated like that was par for the course, except that it had never come from anyone on the street. None of their trauma ever came from anyone in the same boat, so to speak.
Castiel could barely function and Dean wanted him to answer that? He forced out a weak nod and Dean chuckled again. “I told you I’d make you feel good, didn’t I? Castiel’s eyes rolled back into his head again and he lost all control of… everything.
“You don’t think she’s capable of doing that?”
"No, ma, not yet. They're still working on her. They're trying to clean her airways. They'll worry about her leg only after they know she's going to survive the smoke inhalation." Dean told her, tiredly.
“Before I answer that, let me ask you this. That woman was one of four people who helped raise me and my brother. All of them were old and cranky and had mean tempers, especially when it came to someone hurting family, I inherited that ‘family’ trait. Now. Imagine we’ve just found out, that instead of Alex, it had been Claire. Could you really see me keeping my cool and playing cop in that scenario?”
Dean smirked and nodded. “That’s my brother. I was just telling you, to warn you, it’s not going to be easy. If you decide you want to date the kid it’s going to take a lot of work. Especially for us. We don’t trust anyone and it’s going against everything we’ve learned in our lives. But hey. If its what you want, I got your back.”
“Not a good look, that’s for sure.” Sam told them.
After lunch the boys had metal work. This time Dean took notice of the other kids, specifically, Castiel and his brother Gabriel and the other kid from lunch, Crowley. By now the novelty of Dean and Sam’s arrival at the school had worn off, and only a few of them were still snickering quietly to their friends. Dean had heard a few of them whisper about the twins’ good looks. One girl in particular had hinted to her friend that she’d have Dean in her bed by the end of the week, her friend had responded that she’d have Sam.
“Get over here and meet the woman’s cousins and stop being a brat.” Benny snapped.
“Wait, what? Really? I’m not even sure if I’m going to stay and you want to be my boyfriend?”
Sam nodded.
It was Dean’s whole DNA makeup that made him feel this way about anyone he cared about, but Sam hadn’t seen his brother treat anyone like that since they were kids when he still trusted the outside world. There was no reasoning with him. Once he got it in his head that he was at fault for someone’s ‘bad juju’ there was no telling him otherwise.
“Like me after this? He never liked me to begin with!”
“They’re healing, slowly, which is good news. Maybe another ten to twelve weeks. Good news is that we won’t keep you in that whole time. You can even go home today. I know your husband must be exhausted. The bad news is that you will be left with some scarring. Just how much, I can’t say.”
“Sammy?”
No one brought up what had happened in the hall, but Sam and Dean were both very aware of the looks they were getting. Neither Sam, nor Dean, had any remorse over any of it, because in their mind, they’d restrained themselves. But maybe it did seem a bit extreme to the others who hadn’t ever needed to use extreme measures to survive.
Sammy believed it was a sign. Because it only came back to haunt him when he was ‘at a crossroads’ so to speak. Usually when they were faced with someone that looked like they could be trusted to take care of them on a permanent basis.
Alistair scrambled back on his hands and feet like a crab, but that only pissed Dean off further as he advanced, his head tucked down and tilted like a bird that was studying something of particular interest. Then Dean stopped and smirked. Alistair stopped too, but only because he’d run into someone standing behind him and he looked up, and up, and up.
Dean scoffed and shot the other teen a doubtful look. “My mother died when we were kids. My father drove us around the whole country looking for the nearest pub to get drunk. He’d leave us in the car in the parking lot of the seediest places you can think of. It was our only home in most cases. Which meant it became essential that it be kept running, whatever the cost. I learned to drive and repair all its faults before I was even old enough to see over the dashboard. And that’s the nice part. Life gets worse from there.”
And Dean? What must he be thinking, to be the firefighter to take the call? Had he been the one to find their injured child? Not only was Dean a firefighter, he also pulled double duty as a paramedic, and Cas knew his husband would fight to the bitter end to save their daughter's life. But, despite his efforts to be more, Dean was still only human and he couldn't save every one he pulled from a burning building or met inside his ambulance.
“Shut it!” Dean snapped at him again.
"They had the hand gear for that specific reason, you idjit." Bobby snapped at him.
“We’ll get him to school. He’ll be alright. We’ll even wait in the carpark to make sure you guys get there ok and so that Cas isn’t alone.” Sam assured him.
“Make me.”
“They threw them out and told them never to come back.” Jo supplied helpfully. Gabriel nodded.
“No! I won’t shut up. You’re a big baby.”
Dean finally reveals his biggest secret to Castiel. Sam, as ever, is by his brother's side.
“Daddy, you don’t have to pull the wrinkles out of my blanket every time I move.”
After that, Garth led the procession of the ones on scene. The fire was out and there'd been only two more casualties. A young boy who had been trapped in a toilet, he suffered a broken wrist and minor burns. And a female teacher who had gone back into the building after she'd found out one of her students was missing.
“If you’re waiting for me to disagree with you, it’s going to be a long night.”
“Don’t worry, he’s not the fighter.” Dean teased.
But then, the next time he’d felt like he’d been stabbed in the stomach he knew before he’d even looked down at his own torso that the pain he felt was Dean’s.
Dean was pissed. Gabe had accidentally let slip at breakfast that morning what had happened at school the day before with Castiel’s face.
That Castiel had gotten hurt was his fault because he hadn’t pulled Alistair off of him sooner. That Castiel was thrown out of his parents’ house was Dean’s fault because he wasn’t there to protect him. That Castiel had had to suffer yesterday while walking home was Dean’s fault because he’d lost his shit and threw a temper tantrum.
“Hmm, me? Give me a well hung man with a needy hole any day of the week. I’ll pass the time quiet happily.”
“No, because that’s his default setting, so ignore him.” Sam interrupted.
Dean shot him a look that translated into an entire conversation between the twins. Sam was as uncomfortable being surrounded by so many strangers, as Dean was. But Sam was trying hard not to be, and doing a better job at it. If Dean was suspicious and untrusting of their sudden good fortune, Sam was trying to accept it, wanting to believe it would last. Teasing Jo, as forced as it was, was only another attempt at trying to fit in.
“No. We’ve met before. Jo and I are very good friends. I have been to her house many times since you and Sam moved in. Don’t tell me you’ve honestly never noticed me hanging around? You even made me trip down the stairs once when you walked out of the bathroom. You’d just had a shower and you were still wet, but you had a bathrobe on so I couldn’t see the water droplets on your chest, otherwise, if you’d been wearing a towel, I probably would have licked it dry. I wanted to, really badly. So instead, like an ass, I turned around. I was going to run back to Jo’s room, but my feet got tangled and I tripped down the stairs.”
"If my husband and I weren't in a hospital waiting room, worrying about whether our daughter is going to wake up much less walk out those doors," Dean gestured behind them to the doors they'd come through, and then turned and jabbed the finger sharply into Greg's chest. Greg winced. "I'd be hauling your ass out to the parking lot and working out how many organs I could extract through your mouth. You EVER talk about my husband with disrespect again and I swear your life at work will be the LEAST of your goddamned worries. For your own good I suggest you ask Bobby for a shift change." He was calm and didn't raise his voice above any normal conversation. But it was clear how dangerously mad he was... even worse when he turned to Jo and added, "You speak to Bobby, get this asshole off any shift I'm on or so help me Joanna Beth..."
Fortunately, he wasn’t left to dwell on it for too much longer after Cass drove away. Ellen shoved him in the ribs to get his attention and when he turned to grin sheepishly her look of bemused annoyance told him she’d been trying to get his attention for some time.
“You like LARPing too? My brother is a huge fan.” Sam told the girl, gesturing to Dean, who took a page out of his twin’s book and shot him the severest bitch face he could muster up.
“It’s mine. There’s no need to carry on like he’s holding a radioactive nuclear device. Jesus.” He snapped at Dean. And then, with as much grace and force as he could manage balancing at the top of the stairs on crutches, he shoulder barged Sam out of the road. Dean could see that Cas struggled to keep his feet under him as he struggled with his crutches on the stairs, but when he moved forward to help, Castiel simply glared at him.
Sam’s face was swollen, his right eye was sealed shut, a deep laceration over the brow. His left eye wasn’t so bad, but it also wasn’t as wide as normal. The fact that it was open at all was a wonder. His mouth was split in various places, and there was a giant gash on his chin. It looked like the damn kid had been thrown face first through the windshield of a speeding car after it had crashed into the side of a mountain and then dragged fifty metres along the rock face until the car had come to a stop.
Dean wasn’t as hard assed and violent as he pretended to be. But then again, Summer was a special case. She was his daughter for one, and like any other ‘Big Bear’ dad, Dean was overprotective. And nothing set off an overprotective father like finding out his daughter was being sexually harassed at school. Summer not being ‘good enough to play’ just because she was a girl was just one issue in a long line of problems the poor kid endured. They’d offered to pull her out and send her somewhere else, but she refused to give them that satisfaction.
They were at the car now and Dean opened the back door for Castiel to sit down. Once the other teen was seated Dean crouched down in front of him and lifted the injured leg to his knee so he could remove his shoe and the sock. Cass hissed in pain and then sucked in a deep breath around another one, biting at his knuckles as Dean poked and prodded the foot.
“You’re the one with the crush, don’t lump me in with your damn schemes to get it wet.”
“Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, of course. Of course, I’m in. I’d never let you go into enemy territory alone.”
“Ok.”
“Your parents have allowed us to stay with you until our uncle gets here, which means we are now living with a pair of kids who were so unpredictable even foster agencies deemed them unfit to live within normal societal confines.” Castiel bit at her.
And with that he got up, drained his coffee mug, and followed his brother from the room, carrying both plates with him. Hell, free food was free food. When you go hungry more often than not you don’t turn down food when it’s given to you. Probably not a habit either of them would ever be able to break.
“But why? I mean, look at your faces? Something must be going o…”
“He went to get some food. You’re in the hospital. Do you remember what happened?”
Sam got it and his frustration with his brother waned.
Castiel always let him win. He didn’t want to be dominant over Dean for any reason, even for just a kiss; he was the submissive one and he liked that. Dean took such good care of him, in every aspect of their lives, so why would he even want to dominate?
Which was why it was such a shock when there was sudden movement and Sam’s fist connected with Dean’s jaw, and then with his nose – which broke with a shower of blood, arcing across the space between the brothers to splash on Sam’s shirt and face.
They sat through two more classes after that before they saw Lucas and Uriel in the hall.
“Ah, to tell them why we’re going to be late home? Or maybe just to tell them that Castiel is in the hospital?”
“Oh. Daddy. I’m so sorry. You saved me. You never left my side.” She held out her arms, needing her father to scoop her up in his strong arms, like he used to do when she was very young.
Even Benny, although he'd called in sick - and he looked it - made an appearance. He tried to stay and be there for his long time friend, but Dean practically threatened to put a restraining order against him if he didn't go home and rest, even calling Benny's wife at work to tell her what he was doing. When she got there to haul his ass home to bed she was carrying a bunch of flowers and a get well soon balloon, saying she just knew in her heart that Summer was going to wake up and find them. Cas hugged her and then she dragged her husband back to bed.
“They’re only trying to make us feel like we belong, Dean.”
“Yeah, guess so.”
He’d tried to speak to Castiel after metal class while he was waiting for Sam to get assessed on his lock box but the other teen had been clearly dismissive of any of Dean’s attention, only answering with short, clipped single syllables; yes, no, sure, no, sure, a shrug, yes, might, sure.
“He says no. You’re a liar.” And another blow with the end of the bat. This time to the side of the head.
“And say what? That we have a bitch of a teacher that keeps picking on us? Like you said, we’ll deal with it. Us against the world.”
For the second time that morning, Sam’s retort died on his tongue. He nodded. “Yeah. I’m trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, though. I’d really like to have at least one more person in my life that I can trust.”
Castiel simply nodded, his lips pressed into a thin hard line. Dean could feel it in the way his boyfriend was tense and refused to walk forward; he was waiting for an attack.
Dean shrugged non-committedly and didn’t say anything. He didn’t know what the future held for them here and he didn’t want to make promises he couldn’t keep later.
“Not sure who you’re trying to poke with that display, but believe me, Castiel, you are playing with fire showing me that.” Dean warned him through gritted teeth.
“What do you mean, ‘that’s the problem’! How could that be a problem?” Dean asked, scratching his head.
He was taller than Crowley and dressed more casually in blue jeans and a grey sweater. His hair was dark and his eyes were full of laughter – mocking or otherwise, Dean couldn’t decide, but they didn’t make him want to run away from an ambush.
“I didn’t want one then.”
“And as if they’d believe a scum bag like you. I am a pillar of this community.” She retorted haughtily, stiffening her shoulders, and raising her head like only a snobby entitled bitch could.
But, his daughter was the patient this time. He hadn’t been thinking like a firefighter rescuing a child. He’d been thinking like the parent whose little girl had been screaming at him not to let her die there; his precious baby who he’d longed for probably even longer than his husband had been begging him for one (of course, that bit was hard to tell, since he and Cass had been together since high school and had, even back then, talked about having kids together).
Suddenly a body pressed into Dean's chest and his husband buried his face into his shirt, his own silent tears wetting the material. Dean tilted his head down and tucked his nose into the crook of Castiel's neck as their arms wound around each other.
“You really want that, don’t you?”
So, as Dean pushed his way through the crowd, Sam stayed on him and then turned to pace the perimeter of the crowd while Dean marched forward. He reached out and secured a firm grip into the head of hair hovering over the kid on the ground and then reefed backwards; jerking the teen back and off balance to land on his ass behind Dean.
“Because you are a dick!”
“Hmm? Oh, sorry, I was just thinking.” Dean muttered.
“Sammy was… hurt, just before our dad died. It was just me and him. It was a matter of life or death. Anyway, I just… I’ve been protective ever since. But, just know that Sam and I have had it rough, alright? Your parents suck, but they were in the running for parent of the year compared to my father.”
“Go on.”
When he said as much to Bobby the old man simply sighed and turned sad. He pulled his adopted son into his body and hugged him tightly.
“So, you insulted him?”
“Sure, princess.”
Cass nodded.
In all their lives, no one had ever shown Dean that they could be trusted. No one but his brother could be relied upon when he needed someone to be there.
“I get it. If she could be that protective of a couple of boys who weren’t hers, you’re worried what she might do given that this is her own daughter.”
“NO!” Jo snapped vehemently. “Absolutely not. Sam and Dean, despite what you saw at lunch today, have more control over themselves than you think.”
She didn’t know a lot about what their lives had been like before she was born, but she did know that they’d both been dealt a ‘shitty hand’. Her papa told her that much at least, because it had been a part of the speech he’d given her when trying to explain why he and Castiel tried so hard to shelter her from things like guys who thought it was funny to grope her after they ‘accidentally’ fell. Her uncle Sam did let slip one day that he and Pops had been adopted by Grandpa Bobby in their teens and implied all the ‘damage’ for her father had been done ‘in the years before that’.
“Oh, honey, my phone needs to be charged, but I will see you real soon.”
Castiel’s face was a bloodied mess. One eye was already swollen shut and the other one had a giant gash above it; it would probably need stitches. His lip, too, was bleeding and his whole face looked like he’d been thrown face first into the gavel and then dragged behind a car. His shirt was ripped and there was a new hole in the knee of his jeans, so Dean could only imagine what other injuries his friend had.
“Think very carefully before you finish that statement.” Dean warned.
So far, nothing, but the day was coming. Dean knew it. One day this ‘uncle’ of theirs, if he even really was their uncle, was going to drop the other shoe and reveal his real motivation for taking two strange teenagers in off the street. Literally.
“Then you’ll stay and take the proposal?”
After a third, albeit half hearted this time, attempt to get his brother to react in any way, Dean pouted and killed the motor. “Asshole.” Dean grumbled when Sam made it to his window and crouched down so they could talk through the window.
"Cancel it and get over to the school. NOW."
“Huh?” Sam gasped, shaking his thoughts away like he was waking from a dream. “Sorry, what?”
This time Dean was the one to open the door to their class and he gestured for Sam to go in ahead of him. As expected, their entrance turned heads but Dean ignored the class and zeroed in on the teacher at the front as he and his brother approached him. A man in his early forties, maybe, hazel eyes, the beginnings of a scruff on his chin, and a seemingly genuine smile.
“Make the family proud, huh? Meaning you. You’re my only family, Dean. Your use of the term ‘our’ is opposed to the proper term you should have used which is ‘my’.”
“Why would he let himself go through all that? He knows how to fight, why wouldn’t he just fight back?”
“But, I …”
“Dean…” Sam began.
“You think that’s going to be enough to get us through the night? It might be a bit late to go in to pick up some more after we get done here.” Castiel added after a moment.
“Because that ‘good thing’ ain’t worth shit if you’re not here with me, Dean. We’re brothers. More than that, we’re twins. We’ve never been without each other. And you were just gonna start now by leaving me? We’ve left foster homes that we loved because the other one hated it. And don’t tell me you haven’t. We stick together, no matter what. Remember? You and me against the world. That’s our mantra, right? So don’t sit there and tell me you were just going to leave me here because I ‘had a good thing here’.”
Being alone meant they got to stay together. Being alone meant that no ‘daddy’ was coming into their room at night for some ‘together time’. It also meant that their new ‘mummy’ didn’t have to pretend to actually like them just to get a pay check.
“You heard the shit she was saying about us in there!”
With them gone, Sam turned his attention on the rest of the group at their table. “Whatever fight he and I get into we will always fight together against everyone else. We could break each other’s faces, but if you say even one bad word about him in front of me, I will lay you the fuck out. The same goes for him. It’s been that way our whole lives. So, is there anything you fucks have to say before he is unrestrained?”
“His name’s Castiel Novak. He was beaten up at school. He sprained his ankle and cut his head.” Gabriel told her.
“She’s nice. I like her.” Summer told her parents.
Dean shot his brother an annoyed look. “I wish you would stay out of my head, Sam.”
Suddenly reminded of her father’s role in her rescue, she looked up at the man still at the end of her bed, and just like that, his behaviour when he came in made sense. It had nothing to do with being a parent whose child was in hospital. This was a man who’d been there to see exactly what had caused his child’s pain, had dragged her away from it.
“Like I just had my lungs burned out of my chest and my leg crushed under a burning support beam.” The teenager replied.
Alistair nodded vehemently and Dean removed the blade from his throat. He stepped back and then shoved the other teen away from Castiel, in the direction of where his brother would see to it that he vacated the vicinity without further dramas.
“We swore an oath to Bobby that we would at least give this a shot. What have we got to lose?”
But he was distracted when Cass turned to glance at him pleadingly. “You’d do that? Help us get our things?”
“You’ve seen me pissed off. What you need to do is pray that ‘pissed off’ does not turn into fighting for my life, or that of my brother.” Dean replied. His tone was so matter-of-fact. So simple and without arrogant self-importance.
“Nothing. Just giving them a bit of background.” Sam answered.
“…She’s still got a few issues; like I said, don’t be alarmed if she develops asthma later. And I wouldn’t recommend she do any sports for a while, even after her leg is all healed, her lungs probably won’t be up to one hundred per cent capacity for some time.” The doctor was saying when Summer tuned back into the conversation, focus now completely on her father’s hands.
“Still. You gave me that same look.”
Castiel hung his head shyly and fidgeted with his jean clad thigh. “Do I make you nervous?” Dean asked him. Beside him his twin struck up an easier conversation with his own crush; Gabriel was more than happy to receive the attention.
“You look like I just killed your puppy.”
“Fuck you, Samuel. You set me up! Don’t think this’ll go unpunished.”
But Charlie’s interest was piqued and she pushed her way between Castiel and Jo across from him and sat down. “You LARP? Seriously? I’d have had you pegged as some mechanical enthusiastic asshole.”
“Jo! I told you, I’m fine. I found out something, is all. But if you were meant to know, they’d tell you. But I will not, now, or ever, be the one to reveal what I know so drop it, ok?”
"Well. It isn't as bad as we'd feared. Not quite into third degree territory but outside of the second degree spectrum. That means treatment isn't as complicated as it could have been. What does complicate matters is that the beam broke her leg. The doctor treating the break can't do much until that burn clears.”
“You called him stupid. He has ADHD, Castiel. He struggles with school and when we were kids all the teachers called him stupid. So, um, yeah, nice going.” Sam told him.
“Charlotte Bradbury, you absolute dipshit!” Benny scolded.
“I can live with that.” Cass said quickly. He was ignored, even though Dean did thrust forward a little bit and drop his head onto Castiel’s shoulder.
“Yeah? Like who? And I don’t count.”
The kiss continued.
They walked hand in hand down to the front to wait for Cass’s ride, and when they got here Dean said he would walk Ellen and Jo up to see Summer.
“Oh, he was pretty detailed. You guys really did have it rough, huh. All that abuse and stuff. Even the nicer homes called you hurtful names.” Charlie told him.
“Yes, and? He got under my back tyre. How was I supposed to know?” Dean was remorseless. Sam simply shook his head; he knew Dean would keep protesting his innocence, besides, it really had been an accident, and his twin really had been upset about it at the time.
Instead of making his brother angry, to Sam’s chagrin, he only made Dean laugh so loudly that he woke Cas up.
She stayed for a moment longer, asking more questions, but after a while it became clear that Dean and Cas didn't know any more than what they'd already told her.
“But I don’t trust him. He’s just going to turn around and betray us.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know anyone was awake. Are you ok? How’s the ankle?”
Cas groaned and rolled over. His bleary eyes caught a glimpse of the clock, even as another knock sounded at the door. “Dean. Dean, there’s someone at the door.”
Behind him came Ellen, Jo's mother and Dean's adopted mum. She spotted them and raced over, immediately pulling them both into her embrace. She owned the local bar, so she must have gotten the call about Summer after the fire. After all, if grandma Ellen found out her grandbaby was in the hospital and no one told her, there'd be hell to pay.
Dean shut his mouth and shot the nurse an apologetic look before moving to his husband's side as Jo began giving the nurse a rundown of the patient's condition.
“Dean, snap the fuck out of it, man. This is me. You know I would never speak of that.” Sam growled, slamming his brother back when Dean tried to push himself up for another go at Sam’s face.
Only Sam could tell Dean was blushing furiously and knew the kind of thoughts that were going through his head; probably berating himself for not thinking like a ‘normal’ person. Of course Castiel would want to get the stitiches done at the hospital; he wasn’t a ‘street rat’.
“Oh no! Is she alright? Is she in the hospital? Do you need me there?”
Even Jo had said, “Dean’s just trying to pick a fight, you gotta know that, right? Seriously. Think about it. He’s in your parents house helping to pack up your stuff because they don’t want a gay son. How else do you think he’d behave?”
And when Dean gasped in surprise but didn’t pull away, Cass slipped his tongue past Dean’s lips and met the green eyed teen’s own. This time Dean moaned and leaned forward, pressing their mouths together tightly.
“Why’d you snap at her like that?”
Cas batted at him gently and then he finally registered something; Dean was still in all his gear, still soot and tear stained, still smelling like a burning building. And that reminded him, Dean had tried to lift a burning hunk of wood. His brows turned down and knotted together in the middle. "Dean, show me your hands?"
“So, you will be back this afternoon to pick us up?” Cass asked cautiously.
"I can't answer that, Dean."
The silence that followed his confession was deafening and then after a moment Dean felt his chest getting tighter and tighter and suddenly he was feeling claustrophobic and he had to escape. He turned and wrenched open his door and fled.
“So, there you go. You do know how to protect him. He’s coming.” Dean pushed passed the older Novak twin and approached the nurse wheeling Cass over to them. His face was all cleaned, the gash stitched closed and his ankle was bandaged.
Dean hit the brakes so sharply that the car jumped forward on the front tires, throwing everyone against the backs of the seats in front of them, causing Jo to smack her face into the headrest of Sam’s seat.
SCORE!
Dean growled a bit and Sam knew Dean would listen to his warning and not do anything stupid. It was his ‘aww man, you party pooper, Sammy,’ growl. And right there, Sam thought he knew how to get his brother to stay. Dean was a protective being, if he thought someone needed saving he was the first one to jump in.
“Sit down, or you will find yourself in detention.”
Sure, because Cass really wanted to hear about how his own father had taught them the lesson of trust; don’t trust a soul, everyone will screw you eventually; even your own father. He’d gone and cemented that lesson by croaking and leaving the twins alone in the world with no one to turn to, no one they could depend on to take care of them. They’d been fourteen when he’d downed that last shot of tequila. The Killer. Dean had begged him not to drink the shit. John had laughed and called Dean a pansy. ‘Too pathetic to drink like a real man’. The last words his father had ever said to him.
“Thank you, brother.”
Which was more than Dean could say about the teacher they had next.
The front door opened and Dean met Bobby in the front hall, “Took you long enough.” The teen smirked.
“I don’t know yet.”
“How much did you get done?” Dean asked casually.
They all seemed to be dicks anyway.
Did he regret not being right there beside her when she tracked the little bastard down?
Finally, Cass heaved a deep sigh and nodded, accepting another kiss from his husband before turning to hug and say goodnight to his daughter. She smiled at him comfortingly and he left the room with Dean, who was talking on the phone, ordering Cass the Uber he mentioned.
Once Bobby got there, things moved pretty quickly; and before they knew it Castiel and Gabe had their stuff loaded into the back of a small truck Bobby had borrowed from his friend Rufus. Twenty minutes later they were back on the road.
“Why are you being such a dick to me today?” Dean snapped.
So, while Castiel stayed with their daughter to figure out the finer details of her continued stay, Dean called Bobby to tell him, who promised to pass it on to all the others.
As if Dean had predicted it he turned and pulled Cass into his arms just as his legs gave out and Dean was left to hold them both up. After a moment where he took the opportunity to give his husband a supportive hug, Dean helped Cass sit on the couch before addressing the officer with one last question, “Are there any charges being laid against her for the traffic offenses?” Dean asked.
This drew Dean’s attention and with it, came the sharp slap across the back of the head and the savage punch to the arm. “You told them what? Tell me you didn’t.”
“We told our parents that we are gay.” Gabriel admitted at the same time.
“Then I definitely wouldn’t have stopped. I’m in enough trouble as it is without you actually seeing me do it.” She remarked.
“Yes. I did it.”
Sam shooed him out to the car and then turned to smile nervously at Gabe. “This goes well, it could be the first step to being here permanently.” He muttered to no one in particular.
Absolutely not.
“So then do it!”
“I have never wanted someone who could take care of us! I’ve always done fine doing it on my own.”
“Then he tried to fuck you?”
Not yet.
“On the contrary. You were my instinct. Hmm, that sounded better in my head. Let me try that again. I let him go because you gave me this look. I don’t know if you were aware of it. But you looked at me like you were offering me a choice; expecting me to drag the blade across his throat but hoping I wouldn’t. I knew I had to make sure he didn’t attack anyone I cared about again, but I didn’t think it would win me any points with you. I've had enough people in my life call me an animal, I didn't want you to be on of them.”
“Why would you care?” Castiel snapped.
“Dean!” Sam called out after him.
After that last class Dean saw Cass leave early, and right behind him was Alistair Morningstar. Dean frowned, wondering what that bully was up to now. But he and Sam were being held back, again, because their teacher, Mrs Rogers, wanted to see how they were fitting in with the other students.
And then one day, after one of the worst fights Dean had gotten into, Sam had taken over Dean’s school work. Suddenly he wasn’t such a bad student.
“Duh, no shit. And, stop using big fucking words, nerd. You know that pisses me off.”
“Well, we will still monitor you here for a few days, watch for signs of asthma and such. But so far your lungs are beginning to look better, which was why we’d decided that we could wake you up today. If all goes well, there should be no permanent effects. You may not have asthma now, but don’t be alarmed if you do develop it later. But, sadly, my time with you ends here. In a moment I’ll leave and bring in the man who will be working his magic on your leg, now that you’re awake. I just want to listen to your lungs first.”
“What? Yes I did.”
“WHY!” Dean snapped. “Tell him why he had to endure your homophobic bullshit, just for being himself? Has he ever used his sexual preferences to hurt you?”
Bobby sighed but didn’t answer his wife.
He didn’t have to ask who had done it. He didn’t want to know. He’d find out soon enough.
“Alright, now. Since her treatment can’t begin right away, let’s say we look at those hands of yours. You’re right, they are third degree burns. Which is to be expected, your daughter at least had jeans to protect her leg. I understand you had nothing, correct?”
“Explains a lot.” Dean mused.
“Hi, baby.”
“Never mind, it ain’t important. I guess you’ll have Bobby bring up clothes for us both.”
“I care about you, that don’t mean I wanna tear your fucking clothes off!”
“Hey! It was an accident. It wasn’t my fault that the stupid bugger was behind the back tyre. And, I can’t believe you’re still bringing that up.”
“She was, huh? Well, then, I guess I should correct my mistake. C’mere…” Dean reached over and had Castiel trapped with their lips locked before the other teen could even move. Cas moaned and fidgeted with Dean’s hand, trying to get it into his pants.
“In other words, you know you’re tired, but you don’t want to leave Summer in case she needs something. Baby, look at me. Summer’s fine. Ok? Look at her, she’s alive. She’s going to make it. She’s out of the danger zone now. I will call an Uber and you will go home and rest. You’ve been here for three days. And now that she is awake and talking, you can finally get some sleep.”
Dean stared at him, mouth hanging like a tire swing on a sagging branch. “Mother fucker say what!” he suddenly blew up. Sam nodded like he agreed with the statement but didn’t add anything to it.
"DEAN! DEAN!"
Dean groaned and smacked his forehead. “And what sob story did you enlighten them with?”
The doctor shook her head. “Mechanical Ventilation with a breathing tube without sedation and strong pain killers becomes too uncomfortable for the patient. So, we had to put you into a coma then insert the tube. Mechanical ventilation gave us the ability to bypass your damaged lungs and keep you breathing while your lungs healed.”
“Sam and Dean Winchester. We’re here to pick up Gabe and Cas’s crap.” Dean told him, flicking a thumb between him and his brother lazily as he gave the older man their names.
“Before she died, your mum asked me to sign that. She knew that if anything happened to her, your dad would not be able to take care of you. You boys were staying here that weekend. Do you remember? Mary and John had gone away for their anniversary. John rang me and told me they’d been mugged and that he’d been forced to watch the fuckers rape and torture her to death. The next night, you boys were gone. He’d taken you from your beds in the middle of the night. I signed the paperwork just in case you were ever found. Which leads to the third piece of paper.”
“Shut it.” Dean said quietly. His dangerous tone. A tone he’d never used on Sam before.
“Dude, what’s with you today?”
“That bad, huh?” Cass asked softly, taking a sip from his own coffee, leaning back against the sink.
Dean’s attention immediately went to his daughter. “Is everyone alright? Are you hurt?”
Dean was protective of no one more than the ones he cared about.
He couldn’t save everyone he loved, though fuck knows he tried.
Dean gunned the engine again, with the same result.
“She presented a valiant defence. I’m inclined to believe her.” Dean decided once they were sequestered away in the kitchen.
“You’re gonna need help getting out of the car now. Unless you plan on stepping into your vomit as you get out.” Dean remarked.
“Nerd.”
“Dude, you’re speaking my language, not his!”
Gabriel glanced at his brother in surprise. “You never told me that. That’s why you never liked being touched! He hit you with that damned belt of his, didn’t he?” he swore savagely and then turned to explain to Sam and Dean. “This belt of his is old army issue. Packs a punch. He once hit our brother Michael with it for disobedience. Even I felt the buckle reverberate in my teeth. The buckle is about an inch thick. Metal. And about is big as a saucer I swear.”
Plus, Cas also had to hear it as well, to know what the prognosis was.
“Dean, I’m on crutches, how do you expect me to get there before you do? I can’t even get out of the car unaided.” Castiel whined.
“Alright, so, this afternoon, we’ll go and pick up a few things to get you through the week til your uncle gets here, yeah? You’re still staying with Jo’s parents?” Dean deliberately didn’t say Bobby or Ellen’s names; it felt too much like he was acknowledging their apparent relationship to him. Didn’t have to use the words aunt and uncle for them to be just that. And he wasn’t ready to call them anything of the sort just yet.
He was at the table, waiting for the last of the pancakes to be done, drinking a blissful cup of coffee, when they finally made an appearance. As always, they walked into the kitchen together, whispering and muttering in a language all their own; a mixture of Twin Speak and Street, Sam had once described it. All Bobby knew was that half the words they used seemed made up or, hell, even hybrids of mixed-together words.
“Against the world.” Dean repeated, nodding.
Dean paused for a moment to let that sink in.
“Oh, god! You’re incorrigible! Unhand me, you fiend, and let me get back to packing up my things.”
“That’s right. And I’ve been trying to find you kids ever since. There’s another bit of paper in there though. Take it out and read it.”
And Dean told her everything Claire had told him about his adopted niece’s boyfriend. He spoke like he was speaking to the family of a person who had been the victim of a violent crime, informing her of details he thought she needed to know in order to answer the questions that he had to ask her in a few moments.
Twenty minutes later, another doctor walked in. He greeted the family, introduced himself to Summer, but before he spoke to her about her leg he explained that he wanted to just take a peek at Dean’s hands. He followed Dean across the room to the bed he and Castiel had been sharing and then quickly set about the routine of inspecting the burned hands.
“Yes. Now get out.”
"Not yet, but you keep shaking that ass, I will be."
“Oh, by the way, we’re the Winchesters, bitch.”
Dean sucked in a breath and the look in his eyes told Castiel he’d gotten the rise he’d been looking for.
“Asshole.”
“Hmm, true. But it’s better for my health to see a big dick right before I pound into the ass.”
“Nothing!” Castiel snapped. “That’s the problem.” He muttered under his breath. It was obvious he wasn’t supposed to have heard it, but Dean was so attuned to everything Castiel did and said that it was impossible for him to not have heard it.
“Take this. Keep it on you at all times. Don’t let anyone take it from you.” Dean muttered, handing Castiel a small pocket sized switch blade.
“I’m leaving soon. Just waiting to see the doctor one last time.” Dean told her, kissing her hair as he spoke.
“Yes, and you know there is.”
Their mouths broke apart, but Dean’s didn’t leave Castiel’s skin; he trailed a wet path down Castiel’s neck and formed a suction right where he knew would get Castiel squealing – the tender spot just below the right ear.
Just as Cass began to move his hips against Dean’s groin, inches from having his hand down Dean’s jeans, Sam hit his palm against the window. The couple froze, but they didn’t move to cover their activities. Dean turned to glare at his brother through the window before winding it down so Sam could speak.
“Hello, Dean.”
Cas wandered over and shook the man's hand as he sat beside Dean on the bed.
But Cass shook his head. “No. It was agreed that it was best that we stay at school as we are so close to finishing. He will find a house here in town for us to share with him. He says he spoke to mother and father and they have agreed that they want nothing to do with us anymore so he’s ‘free to do with us as he pleases’ and they won’t fight him on it. Even said to pass on the message not to call them mum or dad any more. ‘It was Satan’s work that sent those boys to us and we must repent by disowning all knowledge of them’. Apparently it was a direct quote from my former mother.”
“I’m naked, Dean.”
Dean nodded like he was taking her statement into consideration as he looked at his feet, taking three slow steps away from the bench and giving himself this time to speak. It wasn’t that he didn’t know how to answer her snotty remark, it was more that it made her think he didn’t know how to answer her snotty remark. Finally he looked back up at her, and by now he was right in front of her, so he wedged himself between her and the wall, eyeing her coolly as he reached over his shoulder and calmly dislodged his blade. “Ahh huh. Pillar, you say? So, you must have a lot of social groups that you spend time with, clubs and whatnot?”
Dean nodded.
Cass and Sam had their own law firm, meaning Cass had no Higher Ups to answer to for missing work, and with his hands in the condition they were in, Dean had been put on indefinite leave.
“Oh yeah? How naked did he get?”
"What are her injuries?" Cas asked, knowing that Dean had to do this, for himself, that he had to handle this like a professional with any patient to keep himself together.
When the bell had finally signaled the release of the ‘prisoners’ for the day Dean and Sam walked casually to the Impala, in no particular hurry to get home for anything. Despite the events in math class their day had gone well. Benny had joined the boys for their final two classes and he and Crowley stuck to Dean, while Sam had gravitated over to Castiel and Gabriel. It had been a new experience, not having each other within reaching distance, but they’d survived.
“No. But it definitely looks like a big one.”
“Maybe you could try getting Castiel to go on a date with you.” Sam suggested.
“Are you sitting down, Jodes?” He asked her.
When they got there, Dean’s Impala was out the front, but there was no sign of either Winchester twin, inside or out in the yard. Jo and the boys sat down in the lounge room to watch a movie and wait for news. Dean and Sam had to show up sooner or later, right?
Castiel did as he was told and then ducked his face back into Dean’s chest, swearing viciously. “They’re pissed. Is it possible for a human head to combust just from suppressed rage?”
“I wanted to apologise. I didn’t mean to be so cruel about calling you stupid. Had I known it would cause you such grief, I wouldn’t have said it at all.”
“DEAN! For fucks sake! Stop being a fucking tease! Either get off me and help me out, or damn well fuck me now!”
Crowley scowled at him and Dean smirked back. He wasn’t about to tell the kid that he and Sam had had to improvise with a lot of things while they were on their own; building and construction had been one of those things, especially when it came to shelter.
Try man handling a drunken and unresponsive John Winchester in, and then out, of the car with one hand while trying to keep your barely conscious twin from bleeding out from a knife wound to the gut with the other. They’d been, maybe nine? Ten? At the time. And what fun that had been with Dean trying to drive the car to the hospital.
“You need to pull over. I will not be an accessory to your crimes.” He teased. She chuckled.
“Famous last words, Sammy, Famous last words.”
“He is.” Sam answered, pointing at Dean with the forefinger of the hand resting on the top of the table. Like he couldn’t even make the effort to fully extend the hand towards his brother. And something in the gesture had an air of ‘I’m down playing my own level of bad ass-ness, but I can kick ass too’ that made Benny take notice. “I leave the fighting to him.”
It was clear that Dean and Cas were unable to process any thing more, so while Sam led them over to the seats, Bobby took over speaking to the doctor, introducing himself as Summer's grandfather.
Again, they asked a few more questions, but, like Ellen, wondered away when they didn't get anything new.
The ambulance stopped and the paramedics in the front got out, prompting Dean to wipe his face of his emotions, if not his tears and soot, and stood up just as the doors opened, "Yeah, well..." He didn't finish as he strode forward and jumped down to the ground, helping the station's full time paramedic, Jo, to pull the stretcher out to wheel inside.
Lucas looked up first. When he saw Castiel, he smirked, his face twisting into a predator that had found his prey. If he was paying attention, he’d have seen the same look in Dean’s eyes. And then, he did see Dean and the look went from predator about to feast, to prey wanting to hide. He grabbed hold of Uriel’s arm and by the other teen’s flinch, Dean knew it was going to leave a mark later.
Dean was alone again, but not for long when Gabe appeared. “Cass is in being stitched up. Thank you for saving my brother’s life back there, Dean.”
Dean smirked, one corner of his mouth turning up in that familiar way he had when he was about to encourage some bad behaviour. “When has that ever stopped you?”
Her father Cas looked like he should have been a woman in her father’s arms.
This time it was Dean’s turn to snort in response to the comment. “In other words, steer the fuck clear of those two. Shouldn’t be too hard. They don’t do it for me.” Across the room Castiel made some kind of movement that pulled Dean’s attention over to him as he spoke, and it was something in that look that made Crowley understand what Dean was referring to.
“He did, did he? What else did he tell you?”
Cas was just about to leave his office to head over to his partner's office for a briefing when his phone rang. It was his husband. "Hello, Dean. I can't talk right now, I'm about to go into a meeting..."
“Good, stay here, please? I’ll go get him, but please, just don’t take off.”
No one ever saw when Cass kissed her goodnight and drew little hearts on her hand if he came home from work after she’d fallen asleep, their own little Secret Code that told her she’d been kissed by an angel that night. Even at almost eighteen, he still drew that heart on her hand.
The woman paused for a moment, apparently to take stock of what she was seeing. After a short hesitation she smiled, her attention zeroing in on her young patient. “Welcome back, Miss Winchester. I must say, this is a much better, more preferable vision. I’m Doctor Barnes. You can call me Pamela. I’m the pulmonologist assigned to your case. I had come in to prepare to wake you up, but I see that’s not needed now so I guess the plan now is for me to hand you over to the next doctor. Because now that you’re awake we can start working on healing that leg of yours so we can get you home. But, before I go and bring in the burns specialist do you have any questions?”
“Wait, Alex is dating a guy that’s been hitting her? How long has this been going on?” Cas asked.
“Well, she did break curfew. Even though she did have a reasonable, if not inexcusable, purpose. And since she was not driving the car when it crashed, and therefore had no control over the situation in terms of running from the police, I move to strike the charge from the record.”
Dean shot the man a questioning look and looked inside the envelope for the form he’d mentioned.
“What is his problem?” Castiel grumbled.
Dean hesitated for a moment longer, but Sam pushed his hand down and finally Dean nodded and the blade disappeared.
“No.”
“Dean, actually, I think I might have those boots. Thank you nurse.” Cass agreed.
“So, how about, instead of telling him you’ll carry him up a flight of stairs, how about you tell him that you’d like to kiss him.”
Dean shrugged. “A finger, an eye. His life.”
“Because you are. ‘sides, you call me a jerk. So that makes us even.”
But the answer didn’t come from his brother. “So, Sam was just telling us that you were beaten because you refused to let Sam get hurt. And that you were too feral for foster homes. Why.” Charlie burst out.
“Joanna Beth Harvelle-Singer, who taught you to swear like a Street Rat?” Sam scolded her teasingly.
“Wait, the girl, that’s Lisa from school, right?”
“Please, pretend I don’t care about you and Novak getting it on. In fact, don’t pretend. You’re a great guy, and Castiel is a very good friend, but seriously, it is not my idea of fun.”
“It’s not alright, Dean. Any time something bad happens, it always happens to Cassie. I can never protect him. From any of it! And now he’s in the hospital because of it. I’m weak.”
“So? I happen to like pink.”
“What, like a coma?”
He took another couple of minutes by himself to calm his own raging emotions before leaving the room to find his husband. They’d been in the process of laying out Claire’s ‘sentencing’ when Jody had rung. When he found them again, Claire was sitting in the lounge room, sulking morosely and Cas was in the kitchen just about to set the kettle back on its base after pouring two strong coffees, one of which he handed to Dean as he entered.
“Hey, you saying I can’t take care of us?”
“Hey! I’m in here!” the voice behind the shower curtain took a moment to register inside Dean’s head.
“I do not have a crush… right, ok, so maybe I do have a bit of a small crush. But don’t even try to tell me you’re not into his brother. I’ve seen the way you look at him.” Sam argued.
“They’re not my sons. They’re my sister’s kids.”
“So stricken. Very well, how about this sentence, community service. One month’s grounding, as opposed to the two we originally discussed, and two of those four weeks is to be done at the office as my assistant.”
Gabe swallowed thickly. Dean’s attention never wavered from his brother, and Gabe couldn’t decide if that made the threat towards him more, or less, intimidating. Nevertheless, he raised his hands, palms out, and made a show of taking a giant step back. Dean was wild and unpredictable, the incident in the car this morning with the knife had shown him that, he wasn’t about to get on his bad side.
For Hannah, it was obvious that these boys had no patience dealing with many other people. Their uncle had warned her that this might be the case due to certain circumstances, so she was prepared to show them more patience then she would otherwise show to a teenager who appeared to be rude and arrogant.
It took a moment for Sam’s calming influence to penetrate Dean’s rage-haze, but slowly he pulled the knife back and slipped it away in it’s place down by the centre console, where he kept it while he was driving. Once he’d turned to face the front again, his hands clenching and unclenching around the wheel, Sam turned to Jo. With a jerk of his head he gestured for her to get out.
Cass shuddered. That was Dean’s Bedroom Voice. The one he used when Cass was about to be kept up all night. The voice that had convinced Cass a long time ago that their bed is sturdier than it looked, but even still, it was going to break one day, and Dean would still be fucking him even in the ruins. He gulped and then nodded, message received, loud and clear.
Dean stopped his actions to give Castiel a chance to ease back into it and then at last Dean began moving again, and this time, Castiel was singing. With every thrust inside of him, Castiel could see stars and moaned louder and louder.
“Shh. Just let me make you feel good.” Castiel murmured as he inched towards Dean’s lips. Their lips met and this time Dean was ready. His hand tangled in Castiel’s hair at the base of his skull, holding him in place as their tongues collided.
“She didn’t really overreact as much as I expected. But what she did say is enough to worry me. Even as a boy she terrified me with how protective she could be. And Sam and I were only ‘on loan’. She once made Tommy Rogers wet himself because she found out he’d been bullying Sam in the third grade. Granted, I had just given him my own beat down so the fact that she stormed the school, dragged his ass off of the playground and forced him to apologise in front of everyone, kind of tipped him over the edge from afraid to down right terrorised.” Dean chuckled softly at the memory, but then he sobered and got serious again.
Yeah! Right!
He turned to call Cass down, “Cass, get your ass down here. It’s the police and they have Claire.”
This time Dean nodded in agreement and nothing was said on the matter again.
“Come on, Gabe, I’ll walk with you.” Jo told him, tugging his sleeve.
Reminded of his other patient in the room the doctor proceeded to rewrap Dean’s hands and then turned to address the teen.
This got Dean and Cass talking about their plans to go to the house once Chuck Novak showed up. Cass assured him that he wouldn’t need much in the way of a removalist vehicle and Gabe added that with both their rooms to pack up it would probably take a simple load in a Ute. Maybe a few things thrown into the back of Dean’s impala.
Gabe leaped back with a disgusted grunt. “Really, Cassie, what the hell, warn a guy next time.”
“Hmm. It is why you married me, I guess."
Dean shrugged. “If it’s what you still want, sure, I want it.”
“Like what you see?” the stranger asked, leaning against the hood of the Porsche and smirking at Dean like he expected Dean to begin drooling all over it and turn green with envy.
“In simple terms. Yes. In medical terms the burns led to your inability to breathe on your own. Therefore, you required mechanical ventilation and a breathing tube.”
“I trust people.” Dean mumbled.
“You do know I can fight my own battles, just as much as you. Right? I grew up the same way you did, Dean. I can handle myself.”
Dean huffed in annoyance. “Alright, fine. You’re right. I didn’t say I liked being here. But not because they’ve been good to us. On the contrary, they’ve been too good to us. I told you, it never lasts for us. I’m going to enjoy being here while we’re here. But I’m not going to let myself believe it’ll be on offer for long. We’re charity cases as far as these people are concerned. And I hate being a charity case.”
“Have you kids eaten?” Ellen asked, this time sounding much closer. And sure enough, she appeared in the door way a short time later and smiled. Dean scowled back.
Sam let him go and then turned to smile weakly at Castiel. “Do you want me to explain?” Sam asked.
They sat in silent vigil over their daughter's unconscious body until Bobby, Dean's boss, appeared at the doors. He spoke quietly, displaying his own grief - and of course he would, after Dean's parents had died Bobby had adopted both Dean and Sam and raised them like his own sons, Summer was as much Bobby's granddaughter as Dean was his son. "You're done here, Dean. You're no good to this team right now. Cas. You get them outta here. Take care of my boy and that kid of yours." and with that he closed the doors and Cas heard a loud bang on the side, signalling that Bobby had smacked it to give the driver the all clear to leave.
Dean laughed uncontrollably when the Brit presented his to the teacher at the end of the class and then produced his own box; perfectly aligned on all sides, hinges of the door tightly screwed in place and the locking chamber in perfect working order.
“No shit! Put it in your pocket. Don’t let anyone know you have it.”
Dean followed right behind his brother, kicking the door closed behind him. Immediately inside the door was a hallway to the back of the house, to his right was a dining room with a fancy schmancy wooden table with ten places set up, from the royally obnoxious chairs to the even worse china place settings. They even had three of everything in terms of cutlery; knives, spoons, and even the forks. Dean’s lip curled in disgust. Such pretentious assholes.
“Tell him something about why I don’t trust people? I could try that.”
At lunch later that day Dean had ditched them, saying he had something to ‘look into’, which was when Gabe and Castiel hit him with questions on some of Dean’s erratic behaviour. Sam sighed and hung his head for a moment. He’d known they’d eventually be asked about things they did and said, references they made that didn’t make any sense to anyone else. But he’d always thought he and his twin would have time to discuss what they wanted people to know.
Dean stood and shook the man's hand. "Thank you. We appreciate that."
Cass nodded tiredly, stood up and stumbled.
“No. I don’t like talking about it.”
“I’m calling the police.”
Dean sighed, his mind flashing onto a pair of blue eyes and an awkward smile.
“Cool. I’m a street rat, with no parents and an uncle I’ve just met.” Dean retorted, feeling a bit defensive with this kid’s apparent glamorous home life.
“It means that he didn’t grow up on the streets, Dean. He’s not likely to know what it means for someone to be their personal bodyguard, or their private doctor.”
The Dream, according to Sam, was symbolic. It was symbolic of wanting someone they could trust enough to let their guard down. Let someone take them in and away from the nasty reality of what the world was truly like; the monsters under the beds of children who had no idea because they were safe and protected.
“You care about him.” It wasn’t a question and it didn’t require a response. “But he doesn’t realise it. Of course he wouldn’t. He doesn’t know you like I do.”
“Shh. Shh, baby, I know. I know. It hurts. The first time always does. But, I promise, I will make you feel so good.” Dean mumbled, thrusting in further.
“Dude, why?” Sam snickered.
“What was what?” Dean retorted.
“Dunno. Some stupid cartoon. The remote thingy fell down there somewhere. I can’t change the channel.”
“Why did you put me to sleep? Couldn’t you have just put the tube in while I was awake?”
Everyone forgot that Sam was Dean’s twin brother because Dean usually took on their enemies by himself. Everyone underestimated Sam, mistaking him for being gentle and assuming he was incapable of the same brutality his brother was known for.
"Could we be looking at a lung transplant?"
Sam’s face darkened. “Then I’d tell you that they wouldn’t want to let me hear the shit because I’d likely bash something else into theirs.”
“Exactly. What knife?” Dean retorted, pointing at Sam’s handiwork across Lucas’s cheek.
Summer nodded and leaned forward, positioning herself so that the doctor could reach her chest. As the woman began her exam Summer glanced up to see her parents leaning into each other at the foot of her hospital bed, as usual her pops had a tight grip on her father, like he was trying to hold him up.
"What? Cas, are you alright, you look like you've seen a ghost."
“Fine. We gotta meet Sam anyway. Get in. Cass you’re in front.” Dean instructed, pulling away from Cas and then helping him steady himself when he slid off the car and back onto his feet. He opened the front passenger door for Cass before striding over to his side. By the time he got in behind the wheel and had the key in the ignition, Jo and Gabe were in the back talking happily about something that must have happened during lunch.
“Gabriel. Shut up. He said no, leave it at that.” Castiel snapped.
“You’ve already pissed my brother off by going after Castiel. And when my brother is pissed off, I get pissed off. And one thing you don’t do on the streets, is piss off a Winchester. Congratulations, you’ve pissed off both of them. That’s our family. We may not share blood, but they are. We protect our own. Now, normally I leave the fighting up to Dean. He’s the blood thirsty one of us. But as I said, you’ve pissed me off. So, I’m only going to say this once; and so help me god, it better sink in because the next time we have this conversation, it won’t be done with polite words.”
Dean was convinced he’d never amount to anything and always heaped the attention on Sam whenever there was some kind of award. Dean never thought twice about praising any of Sam’s achievements. But if Sam ever tried to return the favour, like that time with the shanty hut he’d made, Dean would get mad and refuse to take credit for anything.
“Why do you call everyone a bitch?”
Sam was an optimist like that; he still believed he and Dean were able to be saved. He believed that there was still time for him and Dean to be taken off the streets and ‘rehabilitated’ into ‘well-adjusted model citizens’.
“Hey! Bad ankle, bad ankle! Give me a minute to get my balance.” Cass pleaded as he stumbled over his boot.
After that, she targeted him and Sam for every question she asked. For the most part Sam answered, correctly, thank you very much, to save Dean from getting up and ‘breaking her fucking face on the fucking desk’.
Dean fiddled with the radio and came to a classic rock station and grinned over at his twin, who rolled his eyes and mentally bit his tongue. They’d had many debates about the kind of music they played in the car. Sam liked the modern music – Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga and all the stuff being played on popular radio stations. But Dean loved classic rock; ACDC, Kansas, even a little bit of Bon Jovi occasionally. It was probably the only thing in their lives the twins disagreed upon.
Cas glanced up to see Dean leaning against the back panel of the car, holding out a bottle of water for him.
“Nothing that concerns you, nosy fuck.”
“Dean! It’s a knife!”
But Sam wasn’t patient this morning; too much was riding on him getting Cass out to the car before Dean changed his mind and disappeared. He turned and threw the other teen over his shoulder, like a fire fighter rescuing a person from a building.
“Dean?” Castiel leaned in and purred in his ear.
After a while, a short British kid wearing an entirely black outfit sat down next to Dean and introduced himself before Jo could as Fergus Crowley. “My mother was Irish, which is where the name Fergus comes from, but I was born and raised in England before coming here. Mum’s a lawyer and her firm back in London promoted her and asked her to head up their Branch here in Austen. So, here I am. Oh, yeah, don’t ever call me Fergus. I only answer to Crowley, got it?”
“Uhh. Oh. I get it now. Look. I told you before, Dean’s a very protective person. You go hurt. On his watch. And you refused his offer to stitch you himself. And now you obviously chose the boot over his offer to carry you… do you see where this is going?”
"Gabriel. Balthazar." Cas almost broke down as he greeted his brothers. The only two people in his family who hadn't disowned him after he'd come out to his parents.
But she was ignored.
“Actually, stupid, he did. You think he would offer to carry just anyone with an injured leg around everywhere? You think he’d offer to stitch anyone’s head? We grew up on the streets, stupid, it ain’t easy for him to trust people. Hell, he doesn’t fucking trust Bobby. And then just after I spend the night driving around with him, trying to convince him to at least try to trust you, you go and ruin everything by calling him stupid! Nice going, stupid.”
“Just go and have your shower, Dean.”
Suddenly, Gabe was at their shoulders, and he was trying very hard to look annoyed. “I’d like to get this over and done with this afternoon, so, please, once you have finished mauling my brother I’d like to ask him to get back to work.”
And sure enough, Dean exploded. He got to his feet so fast he knocked his chair over, sending it across the room where it crashed into the fridge.
And finally, the nail in the coffin, “You know, I wish I’d brought a camera. I would love to have your faces immortalised like that.”
Benny and Gabriel launched to break the twins apart, but Jo stopped them. When they turned to ask her why, she pointed at Sam, who was covering his face. And then as if growing tired of being wailed upon, he reached up, grabbed Dean’s wrists, and then flipped them and pinned Dean’s fists to the ground over his head.
Dean chuckled, turning to grin broadly at the other teen. “Be careful with that one, dude. You’re propositioning a street rat. You’re in way over your head already.”
Sure enough, Castiel came hobbling into the room wearing his boot and balancing on his crutches. He was fully dressed and prepared for school.
“Hmm. One of these days you’ll give up on that. Its like you forget who I am. They’re inside. He got back an hour ago. She left for about fifteen minutes but she got home just before you showed up.” Sam reported.
“You’re too much of a princess. Wouldn’t wanna mess that pretty face of yours.”
And now, here they were again, faced with a man who had offered them the one thing they wanted above everything else. The one thing they couldn’t trust to be real, or without strings attached.
“Joanna Beth, I suggest you cut it out, right now! Your niece has just come out of a coma.”
Bobby opened his mouth to say something, but Sam locked him with a look and shook his head, shooting a glance over at his brother. Right, message received loud and clear; anything Bobby said would only piss Dean off even more. So, instead, he got up and walked over to the coffee maker. “You boys want a coffee? There’s pancakes over here on the bench if you’re hungry.”
“Do you? I’m your twin, not your fucking doll, or whatever."
“Because I didn’t realise you were gonna up and fucking leave me here! I was trying to convince you to stay with me.”
“That is the label you gave it yesterday, is it not?” Dean asked, turning into the carpark of the school.
“Hi. Yes, I’m Hannah. Winchester? Oh, yes, of course, I spoke to your uncle earlier this morning.”
After a long time waiting for news, the crew from the station house, whether they'd been on shift and at the fire, or not, began trickling into the waiting area to be there for Dean and Cas.
“No, actually. That,” Sam said, gesturing with a casual flick of the hand slung over the back of his chair, not much more than a simple up-down movement, towards the door his brother had escaped through, “had nothing to do with anyone but his own complexes. Dean said he’d take you guys to school, but we’re not going. We won’t be at school the rest of the week. He will pick you up this afternoon. And yes, he’s aware we still have to get your stuff. We’ll likely do it today.”
“What did your last slave die of?”
Dean shook his head and told them what he'd already told Ellen.
Ellen had learned to ignore his death stares in the last few weeks; she knew they weren’t a personal attack against her. They hurt, for sure, but they weren’t directed at her in a way that would imply she’d done something wrong. They had both lived a hard life, one without a tender parent. They’d been forced to grow up fighting for survival. Trust would be hard won on her part as far as they were concerned.
“You’re not going to let this be an excuse to fret, Cas, ok? She’s alive, I’m alive. We’re both ok.” Cas nodded and let himself be pulled into the security of Dean’s protective arms.
“I know how to drive, Dean.”
This class room was also backwards, so they had to walk down the centre aisle, past the students at the desks, to get to him. He stopped and stared at them and Dean felt like he had to turn around and run. But Sam was at his back, which made him relax a bit. He DID NOT like having so many people behind him like this. Too many chances for an ambush.
“So? We’ve been there before, Sammy. We can do it again. We always survive.”
Sam made Dean wait and watch until the other twin pair were inside the house before he allowed his brother drive away. And not long after that Sam had his brother talking.
Castiel nodded, tossed the file meant for their meeting onto the desk and turned around to run out of the office, Sam's voice chasing him as he called, "take care of my brother and my niece."
“Hmm, it is why you married me, I guess.” Dean retorted, earning himself a swat on the ass. He chuckled and led his husband back to their room.
“You’re so full of yourself, you know that?” Castiel scolded him.
The ‘virgin’ part broke him and Dean let out a huge gust of breath that sounded a lot like a sexually frustrated groan to Castiel. “Alright, fine. Yeah, sure, call me your boyfriend. Whatever you want Castiel.”
“Dean. No. Look around us, brother. We’re at school. He’s safe here. This isn’t the streets. He is not going to be pulled away from you, or from me. If you give him a knife you’re telling me that you don’t trust me with his safety.” Sam stepped up beside them, effectively blocking anyone’s view of what was being passed back and forth between his twin and Castiel.
“Oh, honey, I love you too. I’m alright. I promise. You just gave us a scare, is all. I’m trying to make myself believe that, after seeing the state you were in, you are still alive. I still keep thinking this is a dream.”
Not Dean.
They drove around for another hour or so before Dean finally turned the car around towards the house. When they got there Bobby was waiting for them on the porch. “Just checking to see if you boys got home ok, is all. One day, maybe you’ll feel comfortable enough to tell me what’s going on. But, right now Ellen’s got dinner ready, go wash up and get some grub.”
Which was about when Sam showed up. “Dean, are you ok, here?”
“What am I supposed to do? What more could I possibly do? I told him I could do his head! I even said I’d help him get around.”
“Bitch.”
“No, they never hit us.”
They’d had a couple of foster homes like that, before they realised their father’s lessons about trust were true and that they really were better off alone.
“What? Turned on? Very strenuously holding onto my restraint so that I don’t rip your clothes off and fuck you right here against this wall, voyeurs be damned? How much more obvious was I supposed to be?”
While they were gone Bobby and Ellen made a run to McDonald's, so for a while it was just Dean and Cas and they were sent in to sit with their daughter.
“What look?”
“Hear tell she needs some girl time while her parents run off for a little Up Time.” Jo couldn’t resist, despite her mother’s scolding.
This time, the scene would definitely end in his pants, if the steel rod down there at the moment was anything to go by.
“Not much more. Who’s taking care of moving it?”
"Cas, really, I'm fine."
“Everyone around here knows that Sammy and I may be on our own but we watch out for each other. Everyone knows that. They know that to mess with one brother, you mess with both. It’s quite simple, really; don’t touch my pie, don’t touch my car, and most importantly, don’t EVER touch my Sammy.” On the last word Dean swung the baseball bat and struck the man in the stomach with the end of it. The man doubled over and coughed up a spurt of blood.
“Alright! Fine. I’ll get your damn sandwich. But you’d better make me look good on those essays.”
“Still angry over yesterday?” Gabe asked.
Caught up in their own little world with their daughter in the hospital, Dean and Cas had forgotten how the fire fighting community banded together in times of tragedy.
“Not in the car, I ain’t.”
Between her coma, and Dean’s treatments on his hands, Castiel was exhausted and emotionally drained. He hadn’t eaten very much in the last few days; too distracted to focus on anything else, much less eat. And now, Dean had had enough and muttered something about getting a burger. Castiel barely heard him.
“So. I had the dream again.” Dean began.
“Thank you. Again.”
“Alright, so that’s being dealt with ASAP. But, we’re getting off track. You got pulled into this car against your own free will. Is that what you’re saying?” Dean asked, shooting off a text to his friend Jody that she needed to call him as soon as she got his message as he spoke.
“I did warn you. You didn’t step in it.”
It had bugged Dean to no end and eventually he’d just given up and walked away. Sam had finished with the teacher by then anyway. They’d had Biology and then History after that. He’d never gone so long not having his brother at his shoulder, but he’d kept most of his attention directed to Sam’s table and was ready for anything if he had to fight his way to his twin.
Dean believed it was just a pipe dream. A fantasy beyond their reach. They were both just weeks off their eighteenth birthday. Old enough to age out of the foster care system if they’d actually let it take control of their lives. It was too late for some random stranger – related or not – to step up and say, ‘hey, I have a home for you’.
“You mean, you actually want me still?” Cas asked doubtfully.
“Sam! Bobby’s here, lets get this shit loaded so we can get outta here.” Dean called out to wherever his brother was in the house.
“Castiel?”
"Oh, Dean." He wanted to cry. His husband had been suffering in absolute silence for hours. Of course, he got it. He understood why Dean would keep his mouth shut about it. He wanted his daughter to be looked after first. She'd been his number one priority this whole time. Any parent would be the same way.
“What’s the worst that could happen?”
"Hmm, these hands suddenly make the world of sense now. I can't imagine what you went through, trying to drag a burning piece of wood off your own daughter's leg."
“I looked at you? And that’s why you let him go?”
When they got Cass out the door Dean was leaning against the hood of the car with his ankles crossed in front of him and his hands tucked into the pockets of his jeans. He didn’t move to help them, and he didn’t open the door for them either. He was stewing. Sam could tell.
Cass nodded, “She’s been very good to you.” He told her as he approached the bed and kissed her hair. “How do you feel, baby?”
He just didn’t know it. And it made her sad.
“Ok. See you this afternoon.” And then Cass reached up to stroke Dean’s face, sweeping back and behind his head to pull Dean down until their lips met in the middle. When Dean groaned Castiel pressed his advantage and opened his mouth to sweep his tongue across Dean’s bottom lip.
“Why?” Gabe asked.
Dean shot his brother a dirty look.
“I said, I’m going with Gabriel and Castiel to get their shit today, you in?”
“When we were thirteen, Sam and I were in a really bad foster home. I … I w-w-was… r-r-raped.”
Sam nodded. “Figured it was something like that. If you’d gotten the blade in, he wouldn’t have been breathing.”
“Yeah, well, you’re not welcome here, and I’m not giving you shit.” The man snapped.
"Anyway. Oh, here, I almost forgot, my wife told me to give you this for your little girl." He said, handing Castiel a small stuffed bear with a fire fighter's jacket on. "To remind her that we all have her back. Family doesn't end in blood, right?"
“That’s right. I think he told you to expect us.”
“You guys are a couple of bad asses, aren’t you?” Benny observed.
“Fine. Go get Gabriel and see if Jo wants a ride too. You’re in back.”
Dean accepted his and immediately took a big gulp. Sam accepted his own, but didn’t take a drink, busy as he was, talking to Gabriel.
“Just wanted to show you my supply of condoms that I found in my sock drawer. I forgot I had them.” Castiel said, casually lifting up a box of condoms. He eyed Dean like he was daring him to make a comment; Sam and Jo had said to ignore the comments in front of his parents, but they hadn’t said anything about making his own.
Dean shot him a look of ‘we’re discussing this later’ and Sam sighed. Damn. Dean hated it when Sam dwelled on their past. And aside from Dean’s recurring dream-slash-nightmare-slash-flashback, they didn’t really bring up the past. Sam didn’t even know why that flashback even came up now.
“Sammy!” He yelled out.
Crowley held out a hand to help Sam get to his feet and then clapped him on the shoulder as if telling him something meaningful with the gesture. Somehow, even without words, Sam thought he knew what Crowley was trying to say, so he smiled shakily and nodded. “Thank you, man. Dean and I appreciate it.”
“Then give him something.”
But it wasn’t Dean that answered; just as the older twin raised his finger above his head with a smirk, the bell went off, signalling the start of class.
“Hmm, I’m gonna need a bigger mouth.” He muttered before snickering to himself. “Yo! Sammy, you hungry?” he yelled out.
“I will cut you, if you even so much as think about throwing that filthy thing at me, I swear, twin or not, your ass will be minced meat if that thing comes near me.”
“No, it was basketball. She was having a fit about the boys on the team not letting her play. For some reason she didn’t like it when I told her that I would happily break some noses.”
“I actually wasn’t being a smartass. You look like you’re about to bolt, or pass out.”
"Her airways weren't so lucky. They were scorched. Her lungs have been cleared, yes, but she is in a great deal of pain. As such I've put her into a small coma for a couple of days, hopefully it will help to begin to repair some of the damage and make it easier for her to breathe again. She will have a tube in her nose and down her throat for at least that long. Once she is out of the coma she will probably experience asthma-like symptoms. Possibly for the rest of her life."
"The beam, it fell on her legs. It had her pinned. She was conscious when I found her, that's how I found her at all, actually. She was screaming for me. She was so scared, Cas. So damn scared. The beam was too heavy for me to lift. She kept begging me to save her, to get her out. 'My leg hurts, daddy, help me, daddy. I don’t want to die here.' No matter how hard I tried, l couldn't, I, I couldn't... And then it burst into flames and she started shrieking, 'help me daddy, it's burning, help me' ..."
Dean clutched his heart. “Your words wound.”
“She asked.” Cass shrugged. He folded his arms across his chest and leaned against the bench behind him.
Cass gave him a sad look and Dean hoped Cass would drop it. He didn’t want to go into the whole sordid story right now. He was still struggling with his trust issue when it came to accepting Bobby’s offer of adoption. Now Cass wanted him to spill his guts and tell him every nasty detail of his life on the streets?
One hundred per cent yes.
It took Dean a moment to realise that Cass hadn’t said anything. He stopped and turned to look at his husband, like, ‘well, aren’t you going to say something?’.
"Enough." Jo told him.
“Well, as long as those girls don’t have an excuse to join our table at lunch, I’m all good. That,” Crowley pointed over to where Gabe was now inspecting a nasty looking cut on his brother’s hand while the teacher, Mister Garrison, rushed over with the first aid kit, “That, however, even I don’t work that hard for my meals.”
“So, then harden the fuck up. Is that what you wanted me to say?”
“Thank you. Here we are. The admin building. Did you call them and tell them we were coming?”
“Shut up. Jerk.” Sam grinned. He pushed his brother playfully as they walked down the hall and that seemed to end their bickering. Their class was coming up and they needed to provide a united front to the outside world that threatened to tear them down.
The doctor relaxed a little. "Great. I'm glad you agreed to keep her here. I will take good care of her. My hope is that we can get that burn cleared enough to cast it and send her home."
“I don’t know. He’s gay. I guess I don’t like gay people.”
Cas smiled gently at his adopted sister in law as he passed to fall into stride with Dean and the bed carrying their daughter. With each of them on either side of the bed, they entered the hospital ED.
“Your pyjamas weren’t the ones used to clean up the mess.”
“Dean did. He’s the hothead. When we had to stand our ground it was Dean that took on the fight. I learned to keep my cool for both of us.” Sam told her. Her mother, Ellen, had only recently married Bobby before he brought Sam and Dean home, so apparently this made Jo their cousin, or whatever. She was a year below them in school so they didn’t have any classes with her, and yet, she’d still, somehow, heard about Math class with Grimshaw.
“The one where you killed the guy hovering over me?” it wasn’t a question. Only one nightmare haunted him so much that ‘the dream’ had officially becomes its name.
Finally, after heaving a deep sigh, Dean nodded. “What I’m about to tell you, can never, ever, be repeated. Ever. This is me taking a huge leap of trust. Please, I beg you, don’t fuck me over.”
"Jesus. Is the woman alright. I'd like to speak to her if we can." Cas asked, tucked under Dean's arm and held tightly to his side. Dean turned them and wrapped his other arm around him and kissed the top of Cas's head.
Dean caught him and held him tightly. Cass barely managed to suppress a sob, but the fact that he clung tighter to Dean’s shirt told the firefighter that he was crying, and his arms wrapped tighter. Dean had gotten his grief out at the scene, now it was Cass’s turn.
As for the Novak Twins, (Sam had to revert back to the formal term, because he just couldn’t face the feelings that swelled in his chest when he realised Castiel and Gabriel had seen Dean lose the plot, and must now be judging him - just like everyone else that didn’t know Dean like Sam did.)
“Mum fainted. And Dad blew a fuse. I swear I saw it explode in his head.” Gabe went on, either ignoring or not noticing Sam’s lack of interest. Just because Sam was crushing on this guy, didn’t mean he wanted to hear about his homophobic parents. He’d had to deal with that shit his whole life he did not want to deal with it any more.
It was the same when it came to surviving the streets; Sammy could fight. He was a mean fighter, for sure. But Sam could never match his brother in hand to hand, just as Dean could never match Sam in school. Dean was brutal, savage, vicious, and unrelenting when it came to surviving on the streets.
