But then Castiel’s hand brushes up along the plane of Dean’s back, fingertips scrubbing over ribs and muscles and bone before settling gently at the top of Dean’s spine. Dean involuntarily shivers at the feel of him, the fingers brushing over his scalp. Through his hair. It’s been so long since he’s been touched by Castiel in the way he always wants it. In any way that matters.
Dean follows suit more slowly, leaving the room with his tail tucked between his legs. He winces at his lone sheet of paper, left stranded atop the conference table. Abruptly, he crumples it up and tosses it in the trash can.
A pathetic part of Dean thrilled at the sight of Cas’ profile image, his mussy hair and strong jaw. The sharp way Cas was staring at the camera, his blue eyes honed in on the photographer. A small smile twisting his mouth, softening his overall stoicism. Dean’s inner omega stretched like a cat in sunlight, purring at the sight of its alpha. But Dean’s inner omega was stupid; Cas wasn’t really his. The sooner he got over that, the better.
Except Castiel feels less like he is remembering things, and more like things are simply being remembered. He’s not choosing any of what comes back to him; it all just washes in like jetsam on the tide.
And as he moves his pillow crumples, tipping over its fulcrum, sliding off the side of his bed.
It has been hours since the work day officially ended, and Dean has still not left his office.
“God,” Michael says, “has torn open the Empty. The worst of its denizens are now roaming the Earth. Heading here.”
— in the bunker dormitories. “She’s alive?”
Cas swiped a bare forearm across his mouth, giving Dean a faint smile that matched the crinkles at his eyes. Dean felt warm without needing to. The day’s heat would get him yet.
did, actually. I—uh.” He picks at his nail. “I wasn’t in a good place. It was after—after Mom.”
Cas laughed a bit, mumbling something about Dean being wild, before cupping his cheek and bringing their lips together.
Even if Dean’s heat weren’t begging him to tuck into the pillows, the smell of Castiel upon Dean’s possessions made him want to roll around until those summer rains were embedded inside Dean’s skin. The scent surrounded Dean like a sweet glaze, offering comfort and the promise of uninterrupted rest.
Castiel keeps his eye specifically on the core five humans around which they have built this web. When Pamela forms a friendship with an acquaintance that somehow hurts Ash’s feelings, Castiel hones in on Heaven’s programming in this instance, seeing how the fabric of their new reality deals with its conflicting input regarding how Pamela and Ash seek to interact. The careful nudging previously in place has been all but silenced, leaving the humans to handle their troubles as they wish.
“You gotta keep—yes, baby,
“They’re both my lovers!” Rowena announces to the crowd, ushering Sam into his seat so that she could take her rightful place on his lap. Cas stares openly as she gives him a wicked grin, looking every inch like the cat that ate the canary. Dean hates the shade of red now tinging Cas's cheek in the shape of her lips.
that you’re sick? That you haven’t been there for
Castiel cannot avoid reality any longer.
“Great,” Miriam chimes, the word dragging out of her a half-beat slower than Dean’s proclamation of the same. Dean grunts through a breath as Bart squeezes them into his sides, dragging them out towards the office tower’s front entrance. Dean fakes interest in whatever small talk Bart is blathering on about, all the while making eye contact with Castiel, who is watching from afar, giving a guileless smile in response to Dean's gaze begging,
“It’s not really though. More like a false—” Cas frowned, blinking hard. Abruptly, his gaze cleared. “But it’s making you uncomfortable. Oh, Dean, I’m sorry. I just owed you an explanation, and I thought—”
Dean winces. He hadn't thought of it that way. "I was only trying to help," he grumbles.
Dean shakes his head. “Beer’s good.”
Dean makes a wild swipe for the phone, earning an angry stream of honking from the driver in the next lane. Dean flips the guy off and brings the phone around. “Max, stop talking and listen. Where exactly are you?”
Cain nods stiffly, his mustache twitching with what Dean assumes is a smile. “Good. Will see you at the throwing cages.”
“Dean,” he says, gentle. “May I ask you one indulgence?”
“What,” Sam says flatly, drowned out by Dean’s louder and Garth’s more dramatic, “
“Oh my god,” Patience says. She looks to Dean. “This changes everything, doesn’t it? Like, who is this guy, why is Abbie with them, is she—”
“Dude,” Ash says, sitting up excited in his seat. “What’s the realm of possibility we’re dealing with here? Can Heaven monitor all parties involved in an interaction? Like, can it get some sense of what they want and what they don’t, and bridge or block that gap?”
“Any way you can break it?” Alicia calls back.
No, that didn’t make sense. If Cas wanted to fuck him for his rut, he would have just accepted Dean’s appointment this morning. But he canceled, so he mustn’t have wanted to jeopardize Dean’s safety with his own amped up state of emotions.
“Hello, my name is Castiel,” the man said quickly, leaning into the gap formed when Dean opened the door. “I’m from Alpha Services. I’m here about your—”
He revisits Purgatory. The year spent on the run with only Dean’s prayers for company.
Jack gestures toward the table, at the very spot in the library where the event took place less than a week ago. Dean watches closely for Castiel’s reaction to Jack’s recounting, waiting for the nuances that normally comprise Castiel’s mood to resolve into something more overtly positive.
“Good.” Castiel’s hands tighten, then fall strangely still.
“A’ight.” Ricky feels the treads in his head catching traction, the engine of his mind revving back into a purr. “He a stew guy? Steak? Burger?”
The case is really starting to feel like a dream. Dean wasn’t there to see the kid’s face or take in the information for himself. For all he knows—for all it feels like—this could be an elaborate prank he’s bought into. Driving around the barrier, mapping the thing, keeping only half-assed details in their heads—Dean can recite his seven details but it’s only a list now, not a person. Just another gaggle of facts to pull out on trivia night.
Cas seemed happy, when Dean’s vision cleared enough to study him; contentment shone bright in his eyes. And he continued to indulge Dean’s need for lazy kisses, cupping his face in his hand, his lips parting with Dean brushed his tongue against them. His long fingers rubbed tight circles into the base of Dean’s neck, loosening the tight muscles there.
“What kind of games?”
“Sister,” Dean explains, wagging his finger between her and Max. “Not a witch.”
Sometimes, when Dean is feeling particularly miserable, he opens his work messenger app and navigates to Castiel’s old contact, buried deep down on the timeline. Their conversations are still there, even though the account has been deactivated. Dean can scroll back through their history, trying to place the exact moment where he went from thinking of Castiel as the enemy into him being a friend.
to paint would’ve been more helpful, but he sets himself stubbornly onto the task, sketching out a stick figure with a wolf snout and huge biceps. Painting the fur becomes a sloppy struggle, so Dean opts to focus on the background of grass and a sunny sky for the remaining two hours of the class, eavesdropping on the couples gossiping nearby.
Castiel glances back as the rest of them filter in around the conference table. His shoulders are atypically hunched in, making him appear smaller than he should.
Now that he’s on the thought, Dean can’t help but think about their own lives. His own life. On the road, always moving, a dozen-dozen identities to his name. His real self written off as dead. No permanent address that normal people can know of, no wide swath of happy family and friends.
“When was this?” Castiel asks.
Dean screwed shut his eyes, using muscle memory to tap through the menus. He checked in for his heat and booked an appointment for five days effective immediately, bypassing the list of eligible alpha companions in favour of the override field at the bottom of the page. Typing in Cas’ private code, Dean confirmed his alpha selection and submitted the appointment request before he could talk himself out of it. When the confirmation page appeared, Dean turned off his phone and forced it roughly beneath his head.
Dean steps back from the Impala, gesturing with a torque wrench. “Which one of you decided shit still broke down in heaven?”
In the morning a few days later, Castiel manages to make it to the kitchen under his own power for the first time. He’s hungry, and aching all over his body. He didn’t sleep well, despite the comfort of his bed. The cut on his face has stopped dotting blood onto his pillowcase, but his stomach bandages are in dire need of being replaced.
“Except me,” Castiel confirms placidly. “With Dr. Harvelle’s permission, they allowed me to stay.”
“I do,” Castiel said. “Only... something other than that.”
It doesn’t feel like settling at all.
Castiel holds his ground despite how his wings shudder. He allows the Shadow to push its face up to his face, its teeth bared against his neck.
“Here goes nothing,” Dean murmurs, once they’ve topped up the rotten fuel tank with a jerry can of fresh gas. He sits behind the wheel and cranks the ignition, listening to the engine whine its way through its first attempt at life.
A branch snaps beneath Dean’s foot, and Castiel darts a glance aside. The axe glides downward, thudding as it strikes the last of the wood pile. He faces Dean fully, his forearm wiped across his brow. His eyes rest on Dean like two chips of ice, bringing with them a deep sense of relief.
The cops take a moment to look over Hank, soft smiles approaching him from across their tables. “Thank you for the tips,” the short-haired cop says, raising her cup to him in salute.
“Um. The, uh … the pipes not—” Dean made a crude gesture with his hand, the motion slipping into him scratching the back of his head. “I mean—do angels even, uh ...”
“Really?” Sam asks, sharp. “This is why you haven’t been answering my calls?”
“Aww, Cas. Careful, or I’ll think you like me,” Dean jokes, pushing himself to his feet.
“I can get you cough drops.”
The one time—the
Cutlery clatters loudly, his fork having dropped against the plate. Dean’s stomach churns unpleasantly, putting a damper on his appetite. “You’re getting pulled off legacy?”
“The complication,” she supplies vaguely. “Are you feeling it yet?”
Dean can sense how his brother’s whole demeanor gentles, how the hard edges in Sam just let go, now that he knows. He can sense how Sam’s gaze lands on the rust patch on Dean’s shoulder, at the bloody handprint that brands Dean with the last attempt Castiel made to save him.
Hannah shakes her head. “There’s a new guy in tow.”
Indignation flares within Dean, and before he realizes it he’s elbowing his way into the seat beside Castiel, nudging Anael away from her intended chair. Hester and Uriel take up the seats on Castiel’s far side, the two of them looking far more relaxed than Castiel has a hope of being while he’s here.
Now alone, Dean stares at the square of paper Castiel left for him. He crumples it in his fist, tosses it on the desk beside the party hat Cas likewise left behind.
“I’m an angel,” Cas grouses. “They had to make up a color.”
“Mmm.” He pushes his face into the pillow, muscles tensing as he stretches. He finds his body aches in a variety of pleasant ways.
“Didn’t want you annoying them into letting you back to Earth again?”
Silence lapses between them. Dean knocks his foot playfully against the side of Castiel’s desk. “I, um. Missed you. This morning.”
Dean makes a face at Sam. “One, it’s an abomination.” Then, to Castiel: “Two, it’s for you, yeah. Who else would be driving this modern piece of crap?”
“So they’re keeping Cas?” Dean asks, when Anael doesn’t continue.
Castiel nods. “It’d be similar to what you did before BEAU started, just with less actual programming on your plate. Any defects that would take Inias or Miriam too long to fix, you could always work on, but otherwise you’d oversee developer timelines and review code commits.”
He is afraid to turn around, but when Dean does, Castiel is there waiting for him—standing too close, as is his wont. His gaze is hooded, his eyes a heavy blue as he looks up through his dark lashes. His face is a stormcloud once again.
“We’re making a garden,” shouted Cas.
“He’s… quiet,” Hannah finishes lamely.
Dean stares ahead again, dimples drawn into the corners of his mouth.
“Right here,” Patience calls to them, waving her hands above her head. “It’s clearest right here.”
“I know.” Dean might be heat-drunk, but he remembered the reasons why he added that rule in the first place. “I just wanna know. Bet you taste like fucking candy.”
“You don’t need to do that,” Cas says coldly, gaze locked on their conjoined hands. “You aren’t on the case yet. It’s unnecessary.”
“Next time, call our analyst,” Dean reminds Indra politely, reciting Castiel’s extension number for good measure, but it’s to no avail. Indra just repeats his appreciation and thanks Dean for his promise to get back to him by the end of the day.
“What does it matter if we’re a block out?” Dean argues.
Dean shrugs. “Not like we have much better to do.”
Dean chose to ignore him in favour of the meal. He set a bowl down on the nightstand, the fork clanging on its edge. Looking around, there weren’t any chairs or low surfaces around that he could sit on. Dean opted to set himself down on the bottom corner of the mattress, one leg up on the bed to keep him steady.
Dean collapses against the passenger seat with a heavy sigh, his head pounding once again. He lets Castiel buckle his seat belt, listening in as Castiel then buckles his own. Castiel takes the streets slowly, preferring a route downtown that requires the least amount of turning. The streetlights float through the night sky above them, their halos forcing Dean’s gaze down onto the dashboard.
of me, not because of it, right?”
“A case?” he says, but she shakes her head.
Being involved in the scrums with Castiel and Miriam is a major boon, as is his inclusion in the programming side of the project. With the majority of phase two work already done on their end, and only the small trickle of items coming back for second alpha from QA, Dean and Miriam have the time needed to sneak a peek at the defects listed for phase three, and coordinate a plan of attack on those items in a way that leaves them both satisfied with their predicted workload.
Quietly, Castiel asks, “When did I become human?”
Dean gasps a little, the admission hitting him like a fist. Fuck,
Doesn’t matter. Jack and Sam will come and find him, since their warding won’t work against God. Dean has as many hours as it takes for them to drive home in order to collect himself.
Sam and Claire burst around the far corner, their weapons likewise raised. Mary comes up not far behind, and the faun-like creature whips its head toward them, a mane of silvery hair sweeping out from its hood with the motion.
Dean’s heart thuds, off-rhythm. “You’re getting phased out.”
His real self longs to touch Cas in the same way.
“So you love me? Like, for real love me?” Dean blurts, kicking himself. Stupid. Now that he’s had the time to think it through, he still doesn’t have anything good to say.
horrendously out of sync.
Castiel climbs into the driver’s seat, turns the ignition. “Now, where do you live?”
As Dean types into his laptop, his fingers hit the keys a little harder than usual. He feels his same old headache building, pain crawling up the back of his neck until it thrums inside his temples. He digs around in his desk drawer for painkillers and a heartburn tablet, just something that might tamp down the acidic flare that hits him whenever he reflexively recalls the disastrous meeting.
“Fuck,” Dean says unceremoniously, and hits accept on the call.
He is in heaven—the throne room, specifically; the cold white chair standing stoic in its center, flanked by a desk and low white divan. The ambient glow of the room is enough to cause Castiel to squint, his eyes adjusting after the darkness of the Empty.
Some drunken cat-caller, naturally, ruins the moment, shouting out in a voice that sounds suspiciously like Lenora’s, shaking the commons grounds: “This is a
The failures of the trial haunt Castiel for eternities thereafter. He sequesters himself in a quiet corner of what once was the throne room and is now a lush garden, the plant life growing wildly as far as the eye can see.
Dean hangs back, uneasy for reasons he can’t explain.
, Dean thought distantly, as his mind drifted off to sleep.
“My body does. But my mind wants what you…” Cas swallowed, bunkering down into his pillows. “What do you want to do?”
“As opposed to that ‘brown sludge shit’ you’re drinking?” Castiel raises a brow.
Dean hangs for a moment, then deflates, relieved. “Alright.”
“What did you do before? For your heats.”
“Yeah?” the brother says in his whiskey-rough way.
“You taste—” Cas says, scarcely audible before he’s diving in again, his nails scritching in the shorn hairs on Dean’s nape, thumb curving over the lobe of Dean’s ear. Dean doesn’t know how Cas might’ve answered, but for himself Cas is warm and wet and wonderful as he licks into Dean’s mouth.
As Garth flexes his pipe cleaners, Dean announces loudly, “Oh, god, this is my nightmare,” and spins on his heel, heading for a spot on the bleachers far, far away.
Dean balks at the vision, though he doesn’t know why. It’s beautiful, and he knows it, even as he says, “It’s not like this. In the real world.”
Max has barely thrown his jeep into park before he’s making a beeline for the house, keen to see the portals Dean had described in fumbling laymen terms. Alex, Kaia, and Patience opt to follow Alicia over to the kids raiding the woodpile with Claire.
But Dean knows why Jack might think that. He knows he’s the root of all that self-doubt. How he and Sam took the kid in after Kelly died, and Dean just kept kicking Jack until he brought Cas back, the ghost of John Winchester telling him how best to handle his grief.
“It’s such a challenge, isn’t it,” Marky says, “surviving in a world that only allows humans to live out in the open? My poor Lenora here has to be so careful with her skin changes, and it’s such a hassle trying to dispose of her sheddings when garbage collection comes only once a week.”
“Cas.” Dean sighs heavily. “No, you didn’t. You don’t deserve—” He shuts his eyes. Swallows. “You deserve better than what I give you. That’s for sure.”
“Awesome. So we wait for a Nor’easter to hit the Midwest, then haul ass into the county office?” Dean shakes his head, wipes ketchup off the corner of his mouth. “Doesn’t change the fact we won’t find anything when we get there. Every damn record’s been wiped out.”
“Because it’s Raph’s way.” Inias gestures sagely with his free hand, leaning back in his plastic chair. “He’s director of operations, the king of analysts and kiss-assery. Anybody who sucks up to him long enough or well enough is sure to move on to greener pastures.”
“Dean, stop!”
Castiel bolts upright where he is sitting; he excuses himself from the choir, the other angels continuing their work without interruption. He slips down a cobblestone road where the hallways crumble, the garden spilling out from the old throne room.
Miriam nods, looking around at the empty cubicles surrounding her. The specter of stolen jobs looms between them both.
are taking more time than they should need to go over their stupid fixes, Dean gives up waiting to talk to them and heads home early instead.
Dean clamped down on his fear, his mind switching off as his body went to work. He filled a pot with water, and rifled through the cupboards for spices to add to the tomato sauce he’d found. The fridge had some grilled chicken breasts that passed the sniff test, so Dean pulled out a cutting board and started dicing meat alongside half an onion that’d been kept in a plastic bag. All the while his ears were turned to the living room, attentive to every move Cas made.
Claire takes Kaia’s hand, mumbles something about keeping her anchored on the bed, but Dean knows an excuse when he hears it—he’s made enough for him and Cas throughout the years. Dean looks to Cas now, just to see what he’s thinking, and finds Cas passing a knowing look his way.
The first throws go wonky for both sides, with Gail and Castiel’s tosses unable to snag the plywood deep enough to stick. Castiel steps back from the line with a sheepish look, murmuring an apology to Miriam as he passes her on the way to the back of the line.
Sam nods. “The Midwest Vegas doesn’t live up to its namesake either.”
About what happened in the end, for him and Mary both.
Dean leans back, looking at her in full. “Problem?”
The hand on his tie withdraws. As they come apart, Dean finds the piece of paper Cas pressed into his palm.
“You two were … arguing,” Sam says, after a long contemplation, “last you saw each other. Dean probably is still dealing with all... that. And he doesn’t want to bother you with it yet.”
“Goin’ scouting,” Dean calls to the room, though he doesn’t know why he bothers: everybody’s entrenched in their own separate screens.
Castiel sighs, scratching his stick through the dirt. He has gone over the structure repeatedly, but with heaven’s current limitations, no greater solution can be found. “We don’t have enough angels to pursue my ideas of heaven. To have a dynamic world that responds to the depths and nuance of the human experience… There are too few of my kind left to support it.”
They meet at the girls’ motel room, where Sam and Claire already have the TV on and their laptops open. Dean swings the door in wildly, sending reams of handwritten notes fluttering around the room.
Dean scoffed. “Maybe.”
The girl tucks her phone away, turning a small smile right at her, and Val has to hide all the staring she wants to do, the awe she feels being near a glamorous girl from nowhere near here. “Oh yeah? So I’m guessing this isn't the dream job. Just looking for the extra bucks?”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas says softly, as Dean departs. Dean gives a final, parting glance over his shoulder, a moment too late to see Cas giving the same look of longing in return.
“Dead, Max.
Nat hums agreement. He turns away, and she grabs the cuff of his coat before he manages to withdraw. For a moment, she feels the fighter’s instinct roiling up through his arm—his shoulder coming into flex, his legs buckling down, feet digging in planted and sturdy. It’s gone before either of them can truly register it, let alone provide comment.
“We’re mapping the radius of effect,” Patience says. “Maybe there’s a weak spot somewhere in the perimeter that we can get past, start our research. We need as much help as we can get.”
His stomach burns at the sight.
Dean rolls his eyes and puppets his hand in time to Novak’s jabbering. He glances over to Henriksen at a locker nearby, but Victor’s expression explicitly reads,
No birthday. Dean doesn’t need another reminder how the days are getting away from them. He just needs the present, one moment laid out after the next one, in order to live a life without further regrets.
really what you think Sam looks like?”
Fork tines scrape along a plate. “Well, my brother’s punishment has finally come to a head.”
On the far end of the mess hall, the MC Joyce makes some loud pronouncement that doesn’t make it to Dean’s ears. But both Garth and Lenora perk up, the latter adding, “Ooh, there’s a late arrival,” as she begins to wave at the newcomers.
Dean gives a thumbs-up, otherwise occupied by digging his duffel bag out from the trunk of the car.
Dean fishes his charger cable out of the bag and fiddles with its arrangement in the power bar while the VPN boots up. Now connected, Dean’s messenger system chimes to life. Castiel’s tight breaths sound in his ear as Dean downloads the zip and opens the cloud sharing service in a separate browser.
Dean’s blood turns to ice. His eyes bug out. “Your—children?”
With an edge of vertigo, Dean pushes his head through the door frame and looks down, spying a distant field surrounding a massive oak tree. Not like the fields outside, flush with wheat ripening toward the harvest, but rolling lush green hills dotted with white stones and smatterings of flowers, the kind of thing Dean would expect to see on postcards from Ireland or England. A couple children play in the shadow of the tree. Beyond them, at the horizon, lies the skyline of a city.
“Yeah. Sorry, bud.” Dean feels the weight of reality pressing down, pulling at them both like a stone looped around their necks. His only saving grace is that he knows so little; beyond the call Bart made weeks ago, Dean has been kept just as much in the dark as Inias.
“You’re mine,” she snarls in explanation. Sam barely manages to grapple her away before another demon joins Ruby at her side.
Dean blurts out a noise that only makes it halfway toward English. It’s slightly less embarrassing than face-planting in a parking lot.
“Abbie Lynn.”
He’s worth it.
“What?” Dean fires back. “It’s the woods. It’s safe enough.”
Castiel nodded, his eyes averted down. His come was gathered in the folds on Dean’s chest.
“With whose devs? Whose QA?”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel says quietly, exiting the room with his armful of clothes.
It was nice, getting invited to the morning scrum held for BEAU, even though Dean's not really part of the project and was never invited before. Normally Dean would be affronted by the painfully-obvious gesture Castiel made to include him, but since Dean is likewise trying to bury the hatchet, he'll keep his complaints about it to himself.
Eyes widening, Dean paws at his chest and hips for a device that isn’t there. “Hey.” He nudges Castiel with his foot. “My phone. Is it charged somewhere?”
“Oh, yeah?”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. Or maybe Raph really does see what potential Dean has, and doesn’t believe in him anyway.
Dean already handles half of legacy’s development, and all of its SA. Just how is he supposed to even hope to fill in for his manager on top of everything?
“Besides, we would have to drive home separately.”
Kurt looks close to handing in his resignation, for all that he seemingly appreciates Hank’s firm suggestions. He says nothing for a long while, the darkening shade along his cheeks conveying all Hank needs to know regarding his position on the matter.
our first kiss to be real.”
Becky hauls Dean and Sam into a tearful hug the second she finds them, worriedly exclaiming what she knew of Chuck’s ending. How she would have warned them, if she had been given half the chance. Dean assures her it’s okay and she goes back to her family, her kids excitedly greeting the children of the apocalypse-world refugees while her husband looks around the war room in awe.
“Tired?” Dean guessed.
Dean chuckled, his breath thinning as his hand twisted over his shaft. “Knowing and doing are two different things, buddy.”
“I’d hope so.” Castiel’s mouth twists. “My cooking skills aren’t great, but my pasta dishes tend to be…”
“I have to go,” Castiel murmurs, still touching Dean’s hair. Carding, soft as a breeze.
Sternly, Castiel says, “I’m doing the job they hired me to do.”
But long enough for Cas to hold him. For Cas to kiss him back.
“Yeah.” Dean nods, body rough. “God wanted her dead. For the, uh. Drama.”
how you feel about your partner in your artwork,” the instructor advises, cupping his hands dramatically against his chest. “I want to know in a glance what you love about them.”
Dean brushes his hands together. “He sure is…” He trails off, unsure whether Castiel really needs to hear the insults Dean might volley on his behalf.
Dean obliges, making a small bow and wave for both Banes to follow. As soon as he steps inside the motel room, Max drops his bags without prompting and makes a beeline for the bedroom. Patience jumps back when he crosses her path, staring after him. Max’s belated greeting comes and goes in the same absently-spoken breath.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel breathes, pulling back. “I know you’re angry with me, but I—”
Dean sits quietly, listening to his brother's deepened breathing, waiting for Sam to resettle. Sam takes a long moment before speaking again.
The djinn winds her arm through Dean’s, pulling him closer.
“Shit,” Dean says. “I didn’t even think you’d—shit. I’m sorry.”
“Okay, good. You remember.”
“Oh. Right.” Garth swallows half his mouthful of raw meat, chewing as he speaks. “Bess mentioned on our burner call last night that her cousin finally showed up back home! He’s just fine.”
Adam’s words come back to him, from not so long ago.
The shower curtain caught the resulting spray, the plastic sheet rumbling with a tepid tapping pattern. Steam began to build the longer Castiel listened to the soft pattering against the curtain, the rhythm of which spoke to him like rain.
“I have to say, Dean, your first meeting flying solo seemed kind of shaky.” Bart laughs. “Are you sure you’re good without me?”
If Dean looks closely, he can see the color rising on Castiel’s cheeks. Poor guy, embarrassed for admitting to being cowardly.
“I’m thinking we could revise the division of labor Bart first imagined for BEAU,” Castiel begins cautiously, turning back to his laptop. “With the first phase closing out, it’s the perfect time to shake things up and make phase two even better. So I’m thinking...” He taps something out onto the keyboard, then turns around his laptop. “Here’s the defect list for phase two.”
Max and Alicia spin theories with Patience and Sam, and Dean watches them from the driver seat of the Impala, the door hanging open as he drops burger crumbs to the gravel below. Claire kicks her feet up in the backseat, and when Dean elbows her yet again for it she toes off a shoe and wriggles her foot by Dean’s ear, because she either has a death wish or Dean’s just no good at putting the fear of God into her anymore.
“Fine,” Dean replies, fanning his cheeks. “Just fine. Is it hot out here?”
days?”
They’re angry with each other, and he doesn’t know why. With Dean saved from the Mark’s influence, all should be well, shouldn’t it?
Dean says, “I never heard anything about it until today.”
Nat takes up her cane and angles her head, squinting like that will bring her closer to the door. The brother with the short hair is driving today, no surprise there. The two people with him, however, aren’t familiar to Nat yet. There’s a boy, sitting in the passenger side, and darling’s hardly come to a stop before the side rear door is thrown open, and a girl of about the same age has darted around it and is knocking on the glass for his attention.
The library begins to smoke as the fire consumes it, pages curling, history burning. Dean and Sam make a run for it down the back hall, the sounds of shrieking laughter and clashing angel blades echoing across the tiles. The next round of demon traps keep the worst of their pursuers paralyzed until Michael can fight his way to them, Jack at his heel, the two of them needing extra time to make their way through the maze of holy fire.
Of course Dean has cheated himself once again.
Castiel’s attention drifts slowly away from his screen. “Hm? Oh. It’s here.”
“Dr. Sexy, M.D.” Castiel scoffs at the television. His smile returns for a fraction of a moment. “Why am I not surprised.”
“Okay, good. Then I’m
Saying it aloud sends an eruption of joy through Castiel, the thought alone enough to sustain him for a thousand years.
Amara’s fond smile falters. “My desire for balance isn’t going to happen. Chuck won’t be happy until he’s back in control. I can’t assure that he won’t take over us again.” Her smile strengthens. “But I want to. If you’ll grant me one parting request.”
Castiel doesn’t ask where Dean is taking him. He gets the impression — seeing how Dean’s meandering retelling skipped critical points, between Jack’s birth and his disappearance to the apocalypse world — that maybe these are things Dean has deemed important for Castiel to recall for himself. That maybe what’s coming is meant to help him remember all the rest.
“Jack, I’m sorry,” Dean says. “I shouldn’t have—” His breath hitches, grief rising in him, fit to drown him, as he thinks how hurt Cas would’ve been to know that Dean refused to call Jack family.
“I don’t know! I don’t know,” Castiel repeats, calmer. “How do I check?”
They have a moment looking at each other, him leaning back on darling’s side. The overcast afternoon softens the edges of him, makes him younger than the mileage on him calls for. Then the station door burps open with its clanging chime, and the moment breaks with the siblings coming her way.
He goes back in time.
Castiel huffed angrily. Metal fragments exploded out from one of the library sconces. Sam scuttled away from the shrapnel with an armful of rare books in tow. From the hall, he shouted, “Whatever it is, can you take it outside?”
“Nah,” Dean says crisply. “And no. Gotta get home. There’s leftovers waiting, so…”
Dean’s running before she can say any more.
The patio door is right there behind him, an easy escape. But Dean knows the sad look that'll come when Sam realizes Dean’s bailing because of something he said, and it’s a kick in the teeth neither of them needs right now. So Dean drags the cooler closer and fishes out a fresh bottle, playing off his whole fuck-up like he just needed the footrest. He takes a deep breath, cracks the cap and drinks.
Max drops off suddenly, his voice coming through muffled. The phone begins to ping just as another voice muddies Max’s on the other end of the line.
Dean takes Cas’ hand, clasping with both shaking, sweaty palms. He lifts the hand to his cheek and sets it there, kissing Cas’ palm dryly, a soft brush of lips.
The angels set aside a subsection of heaven, drawing down the walls and opening the doors to a select few humans. The hallways disappear, replaced by a world crafted without hardship, molded by the angels into the form of a family home shared for generations by the chosen few.
Turned out someday was now. Maybe. Dean’s heart lurched in his chest.
Sam’s expression narrows, looking beyond Dean. “Who’s couch is that? It’s too tasteful to be yours.”
Dean even takes a break at coffee time, for once, grabbing a fresh cup around the same time as Inias and Anael are chatting at the cubby. He joins in their gossiping until he gets a message partway through break, his phone buzzing in his pocket as he refills his cup a second time.
Dean blinks. “Are you kidding?”
The instructor starts near their end of the line and doles out compliments on each person’s artwork, taking the time to highlight the small details that showcase love for their partners. Dean’s piece gets a glowing review about the biceps—“Great proportions! Your husband looks so dignified”—but by time he reaches Cas’s canvas the instructor pauses, caught out like a deer watching a truck barrel toward it.
Dean’s cheeky smile falters. “It’s your truck, Cas.”
Well, practically empty.
Cas made a thoughtful noise, distracted by his usual routine. He tucked his coat away on the hook Dean leaves open for him; crossed to the kitchen to unpack his cooler into the space Dean had made for him in the fridge. Dean leaned back against the countertop, watching it all with a mug of hot water in hand.
Dean nods, his eyes falling closed. He pushes himself upright and attempts to hold the glass and painkillers she feeds to him, his hands shaking throughout. He exhales on a heavy breath, and then settles again around Cas. “Jody here?”
When the vans park, Bart throws open his van’s side door and jumps out, gravel crunching beneath his feet. He pronounces, unnecessarily, “We’re here,” his arms are extended to either side, as if claiming the surrounding natural bounty for himself. Raphael and Zach leave the van more slowly, carrying their bags once again.
“Would Cas have any ideas?” Sam asks.
“He brought traitors into our kingdom, sought to seize the Tree for himself.” Her smile sharpens, her dark eyes rising to meet Sam and Dean in challenge as she takes another drink. “I burned it down instead.”
Dean has to push Castiel back in order to hastily stand. He stumbles away from the couch, hands trembling as he answers his phone.
Dean’s hands tighten on his desk.
Defect lists are compiled and handed out without Dean first reviewing them. The bulk of project efforts are assigned to Miriam and Inias directly and signed off by Castiel, while all the existing work orders are rerouted onto Dean’s plate. Dean is stranded as the sole developer left on legacy, as promised, with his responsibilities to the BEAU project stripped paper-thin.
—and hurried down a hall into a room beyond Dean’s line of sight.
He has to do better.
A medical professional comes to see him, eventually.
want to happen, and programming to avoid that.”
Sam steps ahead to the bedroom archway. “What’s going on? Why is the perimeter happening in here?”
Maybe Castiel means it as a compliment, but Dean’s stomach clenches with an abrupt wave of self-loathing. Sure, management might talk about Dean like he’s a crucial and valuable employee, but somehow Raph still overlooks him for promotion each and every time an upper position becomes available.
Miriam drops her head back, loudly proclaiming, “Shit.” She then rallies, asking, “Wait, Han, d’you know anything about him?” Since she works on the communal floor with the rest of client services, Hannah tends to be better connected with the other projects than Dean and the rest of legacy combined.
“So, Garth,” Steve begins, sawing through his rib eye. “I saw you in scrap-booking this morning. Seems you have excellent taste in layouts.”
Miriam cackles. “You’re so predictable.”
“Ooh yeah,” both girls chime. With a gleeful grin, Claire adds, “Just you wait.”
Dean puts his phone away. “Hey, so. I know you mentioned a Vietnamese place nearby, but I’m actually craving burgers from a joint a couple blocks over.” He thumbs over his shoulder, in the vague direction he’s meaning. “You game to join in?”
With both hands wrapped solidly around Dean’s head, Castiel pulls him down and kisses him.
The five of them look toward the television, then to each other.
At the cusp of leaving Castiel's apartment, his arms laden with the box of daisies and what’s left of the unused and uneaten portions of the gift baskets, Dean gets pulled to a halt a moment before his full escape.
“Even though it’s Naomi’s fault,” Dean says. “For not communicating the change.”
His response comes quickly.
Note in this chapter that Dean has a complex reaction to past trauma involving alphas.
Castiel manages to eavesdrop, sometimes, if they’re standing close enough to his room while they talk. He hears his name a lot, laced with Sam’s worry, but Dean doesn’t say much in return when Castiel comes up as a topic.
A cold lump flips over in Dean’s stomach. “No. Why?”
Dean flinches back like he’s just been shot, stammering out, “Bacon,” while swiping away her hand. Sam gives a tight smile, saying, “Yes, ma’am. We’re heading back just now,” and grabs hold of Dean’s arm, hauling him away.
? “Me too.”
Castiel sighed. To either side of them, the truck headlights winked on. “Not in a traditional sense.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says, taking back the lone step allocated between him and the cupboards. He adds, not unkindly, “You ever heard of personal space?”
Dean pictured Cas trying to shower on his own—pulling off one of those oversized shortsleeves they’d bought him just so Cas would stop ruining Dean’s own shirts for the duration of his downtime—all the while struggling to keep his arm out of the spray.
Patience’s gaze flickers over to him, though her attention quickly drops back to the map. She scoffs. “The barrier changed again, and not in the way I predicted. Taking into account today’s forecast, there should’ve been only a half-block shift southwest. But this route... We have a whole new section of the barrier bulging out from the original, festering like a
Fourteen minutes before opening, Donnie takes an odd phone call from a woman he’s never met.
“Can’t tell you how grateful I am for all the help, Rick,” Doug says, a newfound confidence entering his voice. “I gotta admit, attempting to cook my brother’s own recipe for him was … daunting, to say the least.”
Dean, who had left an hour ago with his brother. Dean, who should not have been here.
Dean perks up. “Any meetings I’d have to sit in on?”
Dean balks, his shoulders ruffling. “Not sure what you mean, Dr. Leahy. Must just be the lighting here.” Other than a low-grade headache, his usual end of day partner, he’s not feeling particularly unwell.
Dean raps his knuckles one last time against the table. He then bucks himself up and takes out his keys, brusquely leaving the dining room. “C’mon, then. Let’s get your truck.”
Dean laughed in spite of himself. “You wanna add some non-sexy tiers to the AS service line?”
“Maybe,” Cas says in a low rumble. “But she can’t sense the tokens, and she doesn’t remember any instructions given about Abigail or Liberty.”
The grass around them prickled with preternatural static, the fields flickering like a thousand fireflies.
“You mean, like, tonight?”
“The Tree of Life is dead,” the queen of the djinn tells them, once the bunker alarms have been silenced and she’s been seated comfortably at a table in the library. They had to drag some ornate arm chair out of storage to make her say that much, and had to wait until a second chair — for her
Dean smirked at the screen, dropping his keys and a takeout bag onto the table. “Dude, you’re watching porn again?” The smirk faded as he removed his coat, replaced by a frown. “Gay porn?”
Val finds the correct section for candles straight away, and the blonde grabs a couple packages of novelty candles and a six-pack of sparklers. They knock off a couple more items on the checklist, where somehow both the superhero-themed streamers and the pretty princess party favors are excitedly proclaimed
Dean shouldn’t be so comfortable with someone so transitory to his life as a coworker, but with Castiel it’s easy. Dean just… talks, without worry or judgment, discussing things he’s long-buried out of sight. And Castiel listens, rapt, to whatever Dean has to say, offering just the right amount of empathy and interest to keep Dean wanting to say more, keeping the night afloat on small observations and confessions that accumulate, like snowflakes, into a cozy blanket that covers them both.
Anger licks up inside Dean, igniting the fuel in his blood. “Yeah,” he says, shaky even as he tries to smooth his voice, to clear it of all emotion. “When did Bart announce this? How long has it been making its way down through the pipes?”
Dean wanders off to unbunch his pants before anyone can figure out what’s wrong with him.
Dean cursed, caught out. “Why’d you even bother to ask, if you already knew?”
Dean is in bed, passing a fitful evening tossing and turning in his sleep. There is a dog softly snoring at the foot of his bed. The bedsheets are torn out from the mattress, and the rest of his room is a similar disaster, a garbage pile made of empty beers and pizza boxes. The floor is littered with lumps of unwashed clothes. Uneaten kibble is sprayed around a pair of silver bowls set out for the dog.
Dean laughs at that. He grabs that next bottle, the decision made for him. The cap twists off with a vicious hiss. “It’s already uncomfortable. Not much you could do to make it worse.”
Dean chuckles. “Bound to be less than you. You got a real name for the puke perimeter even. Aggrotudinal?” Dean whistles. “Fancy.”
“Hey,” Dean says again, soothing. “Trust me. Maintenance requests are about as routine as they come. They take a while, but they’re easy.”
Dean snorted. “Thought you’d say too tasty. Nevermind,” he added, when Cas gave him a baleful look. “Why me?”
Castiel frowns, back straightening. “What? Who said that?”
Nothing immediate changes, even though everything has changed.
Dean glances over from where he’s driving, making a blind grab inside the box. “Here,” he says, fishing one out. “Put this one in, B-side up.”
Sam’s mouth falls open. His attention drops to the hot coffee dribbling over his hand. “Shit. Sorry—you—what?”
They may have been raised as brothers, but Michael shows none of the warmth—the
“Hmm? Oh. Dean.” Castiel closes the notepad. He smiles, hands together, and leans forward on to his desk. Then he looks over Dean, and his smile drops. “Is there a problem?”
Dean nods, definitive. “Alright, so we’ll find her and see what she knows.”
Alistair’s mouth caresses his ear like a lover’s, his strange voice crooning, “Oh, sweetheart, here we are again,” as he cradles Dean’s head in his hands.
The smell of woodsmoke catches as Dean crosses to the porch, drifting in on the lazy breeze that curls within the trees. Inside the house, he knows, Abbie Lynn and her brother are deep in discussion around the kitchen table, Sam and Mary using Cas and Jack as translators with the neniven. To the front yard, then, where Libby and the rest of the runaways are poking sticks into the fire and catching marshmallows aflame.
Dean takes the loss and settles into Castiel again, their arms and legs brushing together in the cramped back seat.
Soon enough, the night is lost to easy company, with Jack and Mary joining Sam and Jody by the fireside. It comes so simply, the laughter and conversation, the banter and snark and smiles. When the fire burns low and Aini comes out to tend the embers, the late hour catches them all by surprise.
Dean doesn’t get his hopes up about it, so it doesn’t hurt much when he makes a full circle of the bunker only to verify that his mom and dad aren’t there. They’re in heaven, which is good. It’s good.
Sam comes around the driver’s side, joining Dean in his leaning. “Claire didn’t tell her about finishing the first case, so Jody’s imposed nightly phone calls. Just to check in,” Sam adds, like the concept of constantly worrying about someone would somehow slip past Dean. “I don’t think Jody’s happy about Claire keeping Patience out here either.”
“And you drew the short stick, huh?” Dean whistles. “Feel sorry for you, bud.”
“I wanted to call her,” Ellen admits, when Castiel quizzes her after. “Lord knows I hate it when Jo is mad at me. But something made me—something in me decided it was better not to bug her. I felt like I ought to wait for her to come to me.”
“And lemme guess—that’s outside your comfort level, huh.” Ricky nods along when Doug does. He waves the agent down along the display. “You might be better off with a package of pre-mades rather than trying to imitate what he does.”
Castiel reviews the bulletin again. “They’ve blocked off an entire Friday for axe throwing.”
,” Dean says loudly, angling the laptop toward him. Castiel looks up and gives a small wave, which is cut off as Dean rights the laptop again. “See? It’s not a big deal. He just happened to be the one who found me passed out at work.”
It’s a completely inefficient use of time, but Dean doesn’t know how else to respond to the ennui now clouding his days. Because whether Castiel actually put his name in for it, enough time has passed for Dean to know he isn’t getting the legacy systems analyst position. Again.
Patience makes further inroads with Abbie’s classmates, now that Claire has wholeheartedly joined in yanking them around. They have more luck getting people to talk than Sam and Dean, since they’re both young and pretty, and teenage boys continue to be as stupid as Dean was at that age.
“Screw it,” Dean mumbled to himself. He punched the call into existence, phone raised and squeezed against his ear.
“Dijwar’s dead,” the queen answers simply, her attention wandering with the companions swarming around her, preparing their leave. “As djinn, we make dreams. We do not enter them. If the dreamer wakes while we’re inside of one, we are unmade.”
Dean mutters something rude before chugging back his iced tea, the glass feeling cool against his overheated face. As much as he’s embarrassed by what caused it, Dean could stare at the gummy smile Castiel gives him all day.
“Everything’s moving forward,” Dean says. He’s certain his boss, Adler, attests to as much in the weekly department heads meetings. No point in conflicting with that assumption now.
“Right,” Dean says slowly. “Okay.”
“Maybe once,” Castiel agrees. “But you should have also never been made a demon, Ruby. No human deserves that. And now that Chuck is gone, we are going to make things right between Heaven and Hell.”
“Fuck.” Dean hauls Cas down onto the bed atop him. “Get yourself going, baby, because we’re fucking again after we win tonight.”
When it comes time, Dean is surprised to see that Zach has decided to join Raphael in his late arrival. The two of them exit the building decked out in dark suits and button-down shirts, expensive ties still knotted at their throats. Hell, even Bart made the effort to change into something more casual, though Zach and Raphael both carry designer satchels containing what Dean would guess is a change of clothes for each of them.
Dean breaks apart when Cas gets a hand down between them, knuckles bumping the softness in Dean’s gut. He grabs Cas’ hips and circles him down, the swell of their cocks coming together. Cas breaks the kiss with a moan, leaving Dean panting hard against his throat, hands dragging up under the back of Cas’ shirt, fingers prying sharply at Cas’ belt.
“Word on the grapevine is you’re making big changes up here,” Anael says, giving her best careless shrug. Tossing her hair from her face, she announces airily, “I have ideas. I want in.”
Halting, Cas admits, “Yes. Do you like it?”
Castiel, for his part, seems like he’s gnawing over something he wants to say. Dean, knowing that the only two subjects they share are the team and the right half of the rink, figures Castiel’s working himself up to lay out some nasty sort of truth bomb, which will be annoying because Dean knows he’ll probably be right.
Cas shakes his head. “This isn’t a skogsra. They lure adults who cross their paths to their deaths, not seek out and steal children.”
“You’re not. It’s only that…”
A shadow rolls over the signal bell between pumps one and two, and through the scummy windows Nat spies a long black car rumbling to a stop with its nose long past the station door. Her mouth tightens, and her gaze dips back down to the paperback she had been thumbing through, biding time between fill-ups. She finishes the paragraph she’s on before bringing her attention back outside.
“Kind of.” Castiel awkwardly adjusts his footing. “Crack an egg. Open a tin can. Unpack the pie crust.” To the cake, he says, “Spread an entire jar of icing over a mound of spongy chocolate.”
The man with long hair stands over him. Broad hands settle heavily on his shoulders, pinning him firmly to the hospital bed.
Dean nods, his eyes still closed. It takes him a moment to absorb the details, his thoughts idly slogging through ice water. It’s good. They’re all okay. They’re all—
Benny laughs beneath his breath. “The more time you spend in the box, the more time he’s gotta half-ass your spot on offense. Draft’s gonna come up and his defense numbers’ll be down.” Benny raises one brow above his smirk. “You’re messin’ with his stats too, brother, and you know how he hates that.”
,” Dean spits. “You’re
, from the safety of the hallway. Ryan turns bodily toward Maggie, masking the middle finger she fires at her friend in retaliation for her abandonment.
Cas hummed. “Delicious. Thank you.”
The line goes dead before Dean can manage a reply.
And he learns how Dean died, on some run of the mill ghost hunt, a needle plunged to stop his heart inside his chest.
“Dean…” Cas touches his arm gently. “You’re shaking. Pull over.”
Charlie shrugs. “I’m going to be up late anyways. Dean? Cas?”
As he approaches, Dean catches an odd shimmer at the corner of his eye. When he turns to look at it head-on, there’s nothing, but from a certain angle a shape blooms, large and stark against the fallow fields.
Since Jack remade the space into something vibrant, Castiel comes here whenever he needs to think; the garden helps him feel close to his son, even though he is seldom here.
Ryan sucks in a breath, taking a moment to remind herself that the angels here are allies. They aren’t dressed for combat, and neither of them mean her any harm. When she’s recovered, she glances over to Maggie, but whatever Maggie is feeling at the moment refuses to show on her face.
“Went and got it for you,” Dean tells them both, though he’s looking at Castiel. “Called in a favour with Amos; he’s gonna drive that birdshit POS back after he finishes up with a case.”
Dean drags a hand down his face, baring his bottom eyelids. He keeps his voice low, glancing at the locked bathroom door. “Every time we meet somebody new, we’re supposed to introduce our ‘beloved’ with at least five nice things about them.
Dean nods, more in kinship with her discomfort than out of agreement. “We will. ‘Night, Mom.”
“You guys are so cute!” Lenora coos, a hand cradled over her heart. “I love your matching cardigans. What are your five compliments today?”
“Uhh—” Dean scours his memories, narrowing down which update Castiel is talking about. “You mean the maintenance update?”
Dean drops his shoulder, noncommittal in his defense. “Told you I wasn’t busy.”
The man nods brusquely, stepping back inside. The storm door bangs again when he returns, this time with half a dozen weapons gripped in either hand. His arm muscles stand out strikingly strong against his gray henley, as he walks toward them with grim determination.
After a morning of unspeakable horrors that Dean expertly represses, the afternoon event reveals itself to be a communal game for anyone wanting to strut their strength for the crowd.
“Yeah, well,” Castiel says, “I doubt you’ll be going.”
The reserve liquor reserves get broken into. Someone pops a wine bottle and sprays half of it into the crowd. Bottles chime as toast after toast gets made. Claire and Kaia and Patience and Alex, the whole gang from South Dakota, take over the kitchen with a threat to bake a cake.
Dean shuffles through the awkwardness that stems from workplace acquaintances cohabiting a location outside of work, taking food from the table in a smorgasbord free-for-all style. With his plate loaded up with half a sandwich of each type, Dean grabs two bags of chips and, making eye contact with Castiel, motions his head toward the back door.
commiserating smile.
looking at Castiel strangely, however, his attention lingering in an unusual way. Castiel wondered whether Dean had overheard more than he should have. The thought brought more heat to Castiel’s face than his own touches had brought to his body.
Cas’ jaw tightens, the corners of his mouth tilting down. He looks to Dean as if for support, then remembers himself. “If it’s impossible, then how was I able to drive here directly along the 83?”
“Dropped mid-sentence, Sam said,” Dean says, nodding. His head throbs with the gesture.
Dean shrugs. “Not like I was doing much with it.” He motions his chin toward the television, still paused mid-way through an episode.
“I only made the stupid account yesterday, and I already cancelled—”
“This proves it,” Kurt says, when he realizes he has Hank’s attention. “The power plant guys, the
Dean pauses the TV, giving his attention over to Castiel. “Dude, you’re freaking me out,” he says, when Castiel is quiet for several moments more.
Sighing, Dean shuffles around, slouching up against the headboard. He turns on the nightstand lamp, finds Sam already propped up against his headboard too.
Castiel confirms the timeframe against his mental calendar; it aligns with when his texting with Dean went away.
Dean frowns, taken aback by the pivot. “Yeah?”
Everything, in that moment, reminded him of Mary.
“Thank god,” Victor murmurs, once they’ve entered the shop, a bell above the door tinkling as it shuts behind them. A bank of booth seating fills the far wall, a few patrons sitting among them. The front window contains an old sofa and mismatched armchairs, recently vacated. Castiel plunks down besides Victor on the worn leather couch, pulling Dean down beside him. They remove their winter coats, toss them over the back of the couch. Castiel reaches over to Dean, taking back his hand.
Seemingly sensing Castiel’s attention, Dean glanced down and met Castiel’s gaze. Without warning, his grip tightened in Castiel’s hair again, this time pulling Castiel off his cock and dragging him bodily upward, tugging until Castiel’s lips clashed sharply against Dean’s.
Sam is excited for him, when Dean breaks the news, especially when he starts mulling over whether he could make it out to see them during his vacation. (
Sam leans in, a slow approach toward a rabid animal. “What happened? Because the night I left, I could tell something was different, but I thought—” He huffs. “I thought you’d tell him, and then things between you would be...”
“Except he’s head dev on legacy. For now, at least.”
“For sure. Also, stop before you hit the city, okay? Don’t go an inch farther in, not unless you want to wreck the Impala.”
“There’s a new project that Bart is about to announce,” Castiel says. “Some kind of group intended to bridge the gap between an old feature and the new. He wants to pull me onto it.”
Somehow Jack stumbles over the line of holy fire, his clothes singed, smoking. Sprawled out on the floor, he coughs out something about Michael.
Dean takes a sharp breath in through his nose. Behind his eyes, Castiel can see a decision being made.
“It was about Jack,” Dean says. “About how to handle Jack. His powers.”
“Wait, you know what that is?” Claire makes a face. “Oh god, gross. Just go to the previous picture.”
“Fuck heaven,” Dean says vehemently. “Fuck Naomi, and all those other pieces of—”
Sam helps him lie back down, easing him through the rictus tics that Dean’s back seems hellbent to follow. Dean runs a hand over his eyes, feels pain in both his hand and face. He blinks through the dusky gloom to find his fingers frostbite-black, the nail beds dark and aching.
The blinds were drawn in Cas’ room when Dean made his way over. Dean knocked and, with no answer, promptly entered. A sliver of light spilled out from the back bathroom, the room’s only illumination. Dean padded his way over. The door swung open on his fingertips.
Dean scrunches his nose, shakes his head. “Don’t need to make one. I already got everything I want.”
He doesn’t know. He doesn’t have any answers for the hollowness he feels. He just turns the television up a little louder. Pulls the blankets up a little tighter. Spends a little while longer counting sheep before falling asleep again.
Jack looks over the figures drawn into the earth. He drags his fingers through a few of the symbols, tightening the equations in ways Castiel did not expect. “Does that help?”
The day of check-in, Dean drives out early, intending to scope out the location as much as he can without Garth hovering near. Sam insists on coming with him, expression clamped pointedly flat, although his mouth keeps slipping up at the corners, forcing Sam to bite back his grin. Cas likewise tags along for the ride, sitting sullen in the back seat of the Impala, his gaze swept out the side window, chin perched forlorn in hand.
, Maggie’s side-sweep hooking her shin and reeling her over. She shakes herself out along the floor, catching her breath before begrudgingly accepting the hand that Maggie offers to her. Tight grip, counterbalance weight, and then by mutual agreement the two of them are upright and limping their way over to the towel rack.
Sam is breathing hard beside him, a cut on his head freely flowing. Dean himself doesn’t know what kind of wounds he’s sporting, but the rusty handprint on his shoulder is still intact so he counts himself okay.
Miriam leans back in her chair and swivels to face him, her chin already propped up on her fist, expression unimpressed. With her other hand, she lazily flicks the booklet at Dean. The paper crumples as he catches it, the booklet’s orderly pages knocked akimbo from its flight through the air.
“What the hell is going on?” Sam shouted, above the bunker’s sirens. The emergency lights blared red across him, illuminating and distorting his angry face.
“Um.”
Fire and light hit Dean’s gut, as Castiel’s fingertips ghost over the back of his hand. Their fingers interlock, threading together. Dean darts a glance behind him to ensure the blinds are closed, that no one on the cubicle floor is available as a witness. His palms feel sweaty as he squeezes Castiel’s hand in his, feels him squeeze tightly in return.
The quickest way to their meeting spot is straight through city proper, though Sam’s been extremely specific in where Dean is and isn’t allowed to drive. The city itself is off-limits, apparently, so a seven-mile strip of well-oiled highway turns into a double digit roundabout through bumpy backwoods roads, tacking an extra forty minutes onto his trip, easy. Dean might not get the logic behind the runaround, but he doubts Sam’s inconveniencing him for the hell of it.
A few faces turn toward him, but Dean recognizes only one of them from the news. He breathes out relief. “Libby.”
Once upon a time, Bart was the person handling this rundown for legacy, but with him gone from the team, the lines of custody have grown decidedly less clear.
Dean feels the shape of it, now that it’s been summoned out into the open. That mewling, tiny thing he’s refused for years to hold.
“I will look better once I restore my grace,” Cas says solemnly.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Never. They hardly know what to do without you.” His fingers tap agitatedly against the mug. “You said Bart emailed you?”
A tendril of doubt creeps in. “You can’t take somebody off another team?”
“C’mon,” Dean says, tugging Castiel’s sleeve to turn him around. “Something’s bugging you. Would’ve thought you’d be happy we—uh. We’re on good terms with Jack again.”
He doesn’t want to read it, as much as he wishes he could. But Dean picks up the letter. Smooths it with shaking hands against his chest. Unfolds the edges of it until its words appear.
“Come on,” Castiel says, tugging gently on the belt loops of Dean’s jeans. “I have so much I want to show you.”
“Except you,” Dean says.
Dean spots Rowena the same moment Sam does: strolling between the tables in a silky blue cocktail dress, an elegant patterned lace stretched up to the enormous sapphire necklace draped around her neck. She sees Sam and waves at him delightedly, looking divine as she leans in to give Cas a kiss on the cheek, then pulls Sam down to give him a wet smack on the lips that lasts longer than strictly necessary.
“Still.” Mary’s mouth thins. Dean can see the worry she’s reining in, the chiding
“And what are these expectations?” Dean asks. “Dumah gave me her thoughts on it, but I’d like to hear it again from you.”
Castiel breaks the news to the team on Monday.
“Dead,” Sam confirms. “Yeah, we handled it. But uh, when you were hurt, you said—to all of us. Mom, Dean and me. That you, uh.” He scratches his neck. “Yeah.”
marker above Val’s name tag. She’s even prettier up close, beautiful in an unfairly genetic way. She asks, “D’you guys have a … birthday section? If that’s a thing?”
Castiel hums agreeably again. “At my last position, everything was methodical. Structured. It was sort of how Raphael sold me on applying here.”
“Yeah,” Dean says woodenly. “Thanks.” He tacks on a tight smile, one that Castiel seems embarrassed to even acknowledge, judging by how he barely meets Dean’s eye before looking away.
Dean.
Cas glances at his hand, frowns, then immediately rises and heads out the room. Dean keeps his staring casual, but when he catches a glimpse of red on Cas’ fingers his partial attention drops to none, his focus honing in on solely Cas.
No. Not yet. It’s not supposed to be him that says it.
It frightens him, to think that Cas is locked somewhere inside himself, somewhere where clouds are rolling in and Dean won’t be there to brush the dirt from his face.
“Their relationship is not yours to end,” Castiel replies. “You could choose to no longer associate with either of them, but that does not stop their choice to continue seeing each other.”
during the meeting, so much smoother than he ever seems while he putters around the office. He had an answer for everything Raphael was looking for, his fingers resting on the pulse of every system the department heads were seeking.
Dean shudders, some panicked, slippery thing crawling up inside of him, driving him to look back at the space he just departed. Look at the wall where the Empty emerged, where it had poured out and sank like a blade into Cas’ chest. Look to where he had almost missed Cas’ parting glance—
Dean trembles as if struck, his eyes squeezing shut. Something fierce thickens at the base of his throat, building until it all but closes off his breath.
, states Adler’s email,
Dean licks his lips. “Good.”
“Oh, hello, Sam,” Matty says, squinting from Sam’s red name sticker to Cas’s one, scribbled over with marker, “and… Cas? What does your name tag mean? I haven’t seen anyone with that color.”
Dean ends by awkwardly raising his beer, his gaze dropped again as the crowd toasts back. He then heads quickly into the crowd, fielding another hug from Sam that lasts longer than their earlier one. Dean nods once at whatever Sam’s telling him, and then slaps his brother on the shoulder as they pull apart.
In the afternoon, Dean finds himself buried knuckles-deep overhauling an old piece of validation code when Anael storms into his office.
The cancelled appointment sat front and center on his screen, its history—booking Cas, then five hours later an admin switching his name out for another alpha—taunted Dean with what this heat might have been.
“Cas, can you ask them about that?” Sam asks. “Where are the Lynn sisters?”
His focus drops with a knock on the door from Inias, who rushes, uninvited, into his office. Whatever concentration Dean has managed to eke out into this query shit is promptly destroyed.
There’s no witness list, no people of interest. Dean has nothing to go off from beyond the information stuck in the other three’s heads.
As if on cue, Deans stomach roils.
“I’ve slept through
Dean thinks over the evening, with Alicia and Claire coming together over Millers, all buddy-buddy on the couch, and Patience sidling up to Max in the kitchenette, her flirting lessons acting out in real time. Alicia had laughed and smiled the same as the rest of them, had even tried to pull Cas into the festivities despite his refusal to eat. She seems happy. Safe.
“No, Dean—listen to me. It’s hard. I know it’s hard. Every moment I’m not with you, I’m—” Castiel inhales sharply, his eyes squeezing shut. “But you are strong, Dean. So strong. And you are worthy of the best life has to offer. Every last drop of goodness, of hope and laughter and joy on this planet—you deserve it. A man as kind, and caring, and selfless as you…”
Dean freezes, processing.
djinn
Castiel glances down. His grip loosens, just a bit. Dean wishes it had tightened instead.
Sam’s expression turns thoughtful. “Maybe. Depends what he’s normally like. I mean, he’s better than Bart, you said. From the sounds of it, you guys started off on the wrong foot.”
“Dean,” Cas says again. There’s something in his tone that sets cold dread down Dean’s spine.
Castiel touches Dean’s brow, and in an instant enters into Dean’s dream.
“At ease,” Dean agrees, flagging two fingers out in mock-salute.
Dean laughs, watching as Castiel pulls a generous pre-cut piece of cake and pie onto a paper plate. He ushers Dean over to the dining table, adding, “I hope I did okay,” as he hands Dean the cutlery, watching nervously as Dean tucks in for his first bite.
“Will do,” says Dean. Castiel hangs up, and Dean switches focus over to his laptop, opening the maintenance code projects and booting up a local copy of their compiler.
“I don’t have a dog for a reason,” Dean grumbles, as he wraps the pot of daisies in newspaper and packs it carefully into a cardboard box for transport.
, and you still left.”
. If all these people are there at once, there’s gotta be a story behind it. What are they celebrating, and who are these Winchesters—”
Firing a look around Sam while they turn the corner, Dean finds that Joyce’s gaze lingers on them as they hurry back into the mess hall.
Despite his frown, Dean nods.
“Don’t be. It was my pleasure.” Castiel casts a surreptitious glance around, as if he’s only allowing himself to memorize the apartment now that he’s departing. Maybe he’s also scared about what Monday will be like, now that this bubble around them is about to pop.
“Calling the shower,” Dean tells him, shaking his fingers through his soggy hair. Castiel confirms what to order for delivery before Dean disappears into the bathroom, the door wedged closed. The shower curtain clatters down its rod.
,” he groaned, his toes curling as he purred out happily. He rolled the mound of his shoulder up into where he could feel Cas’ mouth resting wetly against his skin.
“And the two before? You canceled them too.”
Now that his heat had died down enough for him to finally chance a look, Dean saw how bizarrely out of place Castiel seemed in Dean’s paltry kitchen, the scratched formica and 80s-style honeyoak cabinets clashing sorely with Castiel’s formal business attire. Dean would be embarrassed, except his stomach growled at the first sighting of pastries Castiel was pulling out from the cooler, a plate of fruit tarts he set down in addition to the meal he had prepared for Dean.
Time does not exist in heaven, and so no time at all passes before his son arrives.
He skims the screen as Castiel continues, “Miriam has already made impressive strides into completing the second phase, but in the process she has overwhelmed the web services QA. And now Inias has little to do until phase three arrives, too.”
Cas shrugs, and says, impassive, “It was my initial impression of the boy with the demon blood. I suppose he’s gotten better since then.” He sets down Dean’s art and begins to review Garth’s painting, mouth twisting unhappily. “He got the color of your eyes right.”
“I guess that settles it,” he murmurs to himself.
It was not difficult to masturbate, a fact known by countless species across the planet. This fact, however, did not seem to consider Castiel when determining its certainty. It frustrated him that he was not among those suited to achieving orgasms.
He motions broadly over Dean, catching the entirety of him in the gesture, and that soft spot in Dean’s chest throbs at the sight of Castiel, squeezing his breath out of rhythm. He wants to brush it off, treat Castiel’s celebration like it’s nothing. But if there’s one thing he’s learned lately, it’s that he’s got to appreciate the life he has around him. If they don’t take the time here and now to care for each other, then what has this all even been about?
The doors to the college are brightly lit, surrounded by people milling about in thick coats and woolen hats, breaths pluming in the cold night air. Castiel waves to someone he knows before pulling Dean inside, the entryway emptying out into a grand foyer likewise filled with people.
Castiel frees his hand from his underwear. He no longer has an erection to deal with anyway.
The grip Dean held on him broke alongside Dean’s reservations. His hand pushed roughly into Castiel’s hair, flexing once before forcing him down. Castiel took the pressure readily, opening his jaw and sucking Dean in further. He worked the muscles of his throat, kept his tongue moving in a velvet line. An extra flick and Dean choked on the combined sensations, his grip slackening enough for Castiel to resume his relentless bobbing pace.
A pulled punch, then.
“‘67 Chevy Impala,” Dean says, grinning. “Why, you like old muscle cars?”
Dean keeps mumbling complaints, demanding in a limp voice that he should be going to work too, while Castiel makes several trips between the ensuite and kitchen, changing his clothes in one trip, bringing back a steaming cup of tea with him on the next. He brushes his teeth and pulls a comb through his hair a few times before deeming the gesture to be useless; he’ll just have to go into the office with a terrible case of sofa-bedhead.
Castiel lifts his chin, feeling the soft breeze of the garden tousling his hair. He motions to Anael with his wooden stick, gesturing toward the dirt. “Join me, please.”
Dean’s tongue slides into his mouth, breaking Cas open on a raspy sigh.
Halfway through updating the testing instructions on the work order, Dean’s nose comes back online, drawing him away from the screen. He sniffs deeply, scenting garlic and onions and something acidic wafting from the kitchen. Leering back over his shoulder, Dean tries to spy what’s cooking from his poor vista in the living room. “Is that pasta sauce?”
After.
“Yeah,” Dean says, even though it tastes like dust in his mouth. “Good thing.”
By time one of their teams manages to make the fifty-point goal—Dean’s team, thank god, since Bart likewise accidentally sent his team back to square zero on his next toss—the morning heat has built into a stifling cloud, making it time for them to eagerly break for lunch. Cain collects the hatchets into one of the small side barrels and ushers them all toward the front door of the farmhouse, instructing them to kick off their shoes on the porch before continuing into the kitchen.
Closing his eyes, Castiel attunes his entire being to the prayer being given.
When he’s finally rejoined the land of the living, Cas is hungry and tired and chocked full of a categorized list of other petty human complaints. He sways on his unsteady path between the bedroom and the bathroom, grousing about the bland foods he’s obligated to eat and the ‘pungent’ laundry he has to borrow from Dean. He remains awake for a few hours at a time before collapsing on the nearest flat surface, the need for further rest pouncing on him unexpectedly throughout the day.
“A full day spent throwing weapons around?” Dean beams, grinning. “Hell yeah, sign me up.”
“Your whole family is from around here?” the girl asks eventually, after sufficient time has passed for Val to calm down.
Dean shoots Sam a look that says,
“I’ve got the traffic cameras up,” Sam says as Dean leans over his shoulder, staring down at the laptop on the dinette table. Sam opens a square of the camera grid, the view revealing the main drag down Broadway. It isn’t the focus of the camera, but on the frontage road beside the strip, a girl and a robed being nearly twice her height walk calmly down the road together. The angle is too far away to get a decent look at the figure's face, but its yellow eyes are apparent even at a distance, and from the shape of its hood Dean thinks it might have horns.
But Cas is...and
This is better than sifting through ashes, holding out hope for decaying sparks of light.
But it’s too late—the meeting room door hangs open. Everyone is already sitting in brown leather chairs, waiting for him, their necks arched out as Dean comes into sight. Dean settles into a stiff gait that carries him across the finish line. His hands hang like rocks on the end of his wooden limbs.
Castiel frowns, taking a moment to consider his reply. It’s enough of an answer for Dean.
Instead, he mutters, “Thanks,” and steps back, brushing his hands down Cas’s arms. Finishing the entire awkward dance with double finger guns. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He found Castiel in the kitchen, as promised, rifling through a cooler brought in from the vehicle Castiel must have driven to get here. A plate of cold cut sandwiches and chips sat beside an electrolyte drink, all neatly organized around a single place setting.
Castiel leaves the Roadhouse hours later, only mildly tipsy on his wings. He scours the halls, seeking out an old comfort in the form of a favoured private heaven—a Grecian woman whose modest home looks out on the blue Mediterranean, the sun baking the coastal sand.
Raph calls on implementations to report their numbers first, followed by products and special projects. Then Anna reports on client services, and Rachel recites her monthly statistics regarding quality assurance as a whole.
“Corona,” said Dean.
“Today?” he asks.
“No, Cas. C’mon.” Dean shakes his head. “I screwed up too. I should’ve...” He exhales roughly. “I should’ve gone after you. After we…” He trails off, uncertain how much to say.
“Oh yeah. Huh.” Dean tucks his hands into his pockets. “Hadn’t realized it got so late.”
Dean closed his eyes and took in a calming breath. A mistake, as it turned out; the scent of summer rain only further weakened his resolve. “Five minutes, then you’re gone,” Dean said lowly, and with it sharply retreated for the kitchen.
“I dunno,” Dean says, the same time as Miriam announces, “Tomorrow, 8 AM.” She pats Inias roughly on the shoulder, and passes him another slice of cake. “Looks like we’re cleaning your desk out today, bub.”
“Where’s Castiel?” Adam asks gently. No,
Castiel looks to the books at his feet. He sighs. “Alright. At least I tried.”
Just another dead end.
Dean nearly choked on the thought, until Castiel motioned to solely his jacket and tie. Nodding, Dean extended his pensive silence by biting into one diagonal half of the beef sandwich. Castiel set his suit jacket onto the back of a chair, folded up his tie, and reached again for his trusty tablet.
The weather stays clear the whole way north through Billings, Montana, the air cool and crisp with the promise of autumn. They toss on heavier coats for their stop that night in Bozeman, taking up two lumpy double beds at a cheap motel that promises an even cheaper continental breakfast when they wake. Clouds crop up as they continue on west in the morning, cutting through Missoula and Spokane, the sky a muzzy blanket cozying them in amid the burgeoning hills and trees.
Increasingly, he is learning the psychological benefits behind his body’s actions too.
“Tomorrow,” Castiel reminds him, motioning his head toward the wall clock. “Today is over already.”
Dean lunges for the tossed cell, grabbing it on reflex. The screen is unlocked and open to the photo gallery, a picture taken of Cas sitting in the exact same place he’s sitting now, looking much the same. Dean shares a puzzled glance with Cas. Cas returns the sentiment with an exasperated sigh.
Dean sighs, scrubs his face. “Trouble,” he grumbles back.
“Aw, c’mon, Ro-ro,” Garth beams, “it could be fun. Just wait ‘til you see these two guns fire off.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. That Bart would try to circumvent analyst approval isn’t surprising—treating corporate speculation the same as actual board decisions was kind of Bart’s old MO. But that Dean actually forgot what Bart was like, that he allowed himself to believe the end to legacy had come and left him all alone...
“Fitz-Wincherald?” Joyce asks, confused.
Castiel startles at the thought. Does Jack have something planned by keeping himself outside the equation? Castiel asks, “Is there a way we can gather more angels?”
Castiel wonders what happened to the boy in the photos.
Castiel trailed off, suspecting that Dean would be uncomfortable with how Castiel would choose to continue. As it was, Dean opened an eye long enough to stare down at Castiel’s fist upon his cock, his gaze followed by an abrupt snort. “That’s your technique, Cas? Really? Can’t say I’m impressed.”
“I wish.” Dean grimaces. “Would’ve stayed if I was, but they stuck me behind a sales desk. Spent my days hawking cars to people who weren’t exactly keen on buying.”
“It’s the rain,” Castiel says. “They’re driving slow.”
“Is she a hostage or an accomplice?” Sam turns in his seat, catching Dean’s eye. “The news still only mentions one abductor. I don’t know whether that means they can’t see Abbie and this other guy, or if the deputies are choosing not to release the information, but either way it doesn’t add up.”
“Don’t worry,” Castiel says. “I’m very good at estimating temperatures.”
Inside, a woman with dark brown hair has set out a triptych of trays overladen with sandwiches cut into triangles. A stack of paper plates and napkins are available on the old hardwood dining table. Single-serving chip bags sit next to two pitchers of water and iced tea. A collection of oddly-matched chairs crowd the table, with two additional leaves set into it to extend its length.
She rolls her eyes, nonplussed. “Where’re your bright ideas, genius?”
“Great,” Dean grumbles, rubbing a hand over his face. He scrubs at the grit building in his eye. “Well, if you figure it out, you know where to find me. Us.”
Castiel frowns down at the lapel, his brow rapidly smoothing. “Oh. It’s like I said. The Empty was—
Sam’s steps falter, tripping over nothing. The adrenaline rush that’s been carrying them both this long has spiked, crashing. They’re running out of steam.
Dean’s throat was dry, voice hoarse as he answered, “Closet’s in the hall. Bedroom’s at the end.”
Snorting, Dean smiles. “You got me beat there.” His expression turns serious. “Are you sure? Because I don’t mind coming back tomorrow—”
Dean might have been imagining it, but beneath the spring showers pouring outside, he still picked up the scent of Castiel’s summer rains.
. His mind darts away from the idea only to return to it eagerly, prancing like a dog being promised a walk in the park. His palms break out in nervous sweats; he drags them down the thigh of his jeans.
Cas comes to rest behind and between them, his shoulders pressed against the stucco wall of the motel. “Max and Alicia are back from their perimeter trip.”
Sam starts tearing into him the second the call connects. “What the hell, Dean? First you miss chat night, then I have to find out from a
Cas held him, tighter, the longer Dean went on, murmuring, “You don’t have to—”
The bunker door blows off its hinges, clanging loudly down the stairwell overhead. Sam grabs the demon knife, Dean an angel blade.
Val knows a jacket like that couldn’t have been bought locally, no way. And nobody around here gets away with smoky eyes before six o'clock unless they’re only passing through.
It is precisely this bureaucracy that Jack seeks to change.
Brows drawn, Castiel looks up. “It’s a partnership between our two parts of the system. Inias and Miriam will be pulled in for development. Gail at web services will be handling QA.”
Dean curses. He knew this day was coming, but holy shit. It hurts way more than he thought it would, seeing all his efforts discarded like this. That another team has already neatly laid out how they’ll fold Dean’s responsibilities into their own.
“So a pie?”
When Dean awakens, his wakefulness returns in staggered increments. His limbs are heavy; his eyesight won’t sit right. He burbles nonsense as he struggles up, then collapses, back onto his knees.
“Great,” Bart chirps. “We’ll get this ball rolling. Don’t bother breaking the news to Inias. I’ll update you once the schedule is set.”
. You gotta be ...”
“Yes,” Dean lies, uneasy about it. “He’s steady. Will do whatever’s asked of him.”
“This is going to keep happening,” Anael murmurs. “We can’t give humans free will and also expect them to always embrace what’s good for them. Some of them have never learned how to pursue happiness for themselves. They’re going to fuck up.”
“Great,” Miriam drawls. She balls up her lunch bag and tosses it at the trash bin on the way out the door. “T-minus twenty to an incoming dud.”
Dean fiddles with the keys in his pocket. “Yeah. Yeah, just a sec.”
And he means it; it’s enough to have felt the truck again beneath his hands. To have touched it and verified that it is what he remembers, in those few memories he has recovered.
A charitable part of Dean wants to keep talking to Castiel. Who knows—maybe it’ll be easier for the guy to reach out in-person if Dean shows he can be friendly. “How’ve you been handling your second week?” he asks, even as the rest of him ardently wants to kick himself for it.
Dean’s eyes close as he abruptly shatters, shaking loose in a way he seldom allows himself to experience in real life.
Sometime in the early hours Dean awakens to somebody prying at his elbow, his arm lifting up and away from Cas. He flinches, groaning, and blindly glares in the direction of the culprit. The light grip on his elbow falls away.
The tremors in Ryan’s legs are fading as she follows Maggie out into the hall, the coolness of the tile and concrete leaching up into her bare feet. Take away the solidity of the foundation, the clean stone and the
“Oh,” Castiel says. “I’m sorry.”
Rachel signs off on the data stated for QA, Anna for client services, and Dean numbly does the same for legacy. Castiel wraps up his entire report with an invitation for discussion that neither Naomi nor Marv take him up on. Raph thanks him, and as he sits, Zach offers Castiel a hearty pat on the back.
“You can though,” Castiel murmurs into Dean’s hair, when the worst of Dean’s pain has abated.
“What?” Sam shouted back.
Really, Cas is like Miriam or Inias: just somebody Dean likes talking to during his work day. Someone who brightens it, sure, but someone Dean could do without.
Fingertips touch the hair at his temple, brush over the shell of his ear. Dean kisses harder, opening his mouth. He licks his lips between one kiss and the next. A tentative touch of tongue splits him open at the seam, and Dean surrenders wholly to the sensation, sucking in a quick breath as Castiel’s tongue slides in against his.
Lost in his musing, Dean nearly misses Castiel’s approach behind him; save for the slightest flutter of his clothes, Castiel is as quiet as a ghost when he walks.
“Ooh, baby,” Dean purrs, only half-pretending, “you’re so fucking hot when you’re mad.”
Inias gets stolen from them on some idle Tuesday, snatched up without forewarning by an email sent from Bart. Dean doesn’t even know it has happened until Inias enters his office early afternoon, brows tightened in a frown.
Ryan looks again to Maggie for support, but this time Maggie has prised herself from Ryan’s hold, and has begun backing away from the kitchen with her hands raised. “Sorry, guys, but I have a mission,” she says, which is a lie so far as Ryan knows, even if she can’t prove it.
Cas takes the map from Dean, examining it closely. “These red lines, they’re the main roads?” Cas drags his long fingers up the bulk of Broadway. “I drove past there to get here, maybe half an hour ago.”
He just can’t imagine having something like this: a place to curate to his liking, shared with someone else. Dean’s whole life has been spent in transit from location to another. Even his apartment hasn’t been imbued with any sense of permanence. Hell, he hasn’t even hung any pictures on the walls.
Miriam gives a loud groan. “You’re both so fucking awful.”
“He was your father as much as I was,” Castiel rasps, voice gritty with anger.
Around the corner, out of sight, Dean lets his shoulders fall. It’s been a while since he last disappointed Sam, but it happens often enough that he should be used to it by now. He stretches out his neck, wondering whether an extra hour in bed would have relieved any of his current frustration, or if it’s just the way things are now that over a week has passed since Cas left and his phone still hasn’t rang.
The sister continues typing, then frowns when her phone buzzes. “Uhh, sounds like there’s now a fire at the bunker? Better make that five.”
“Good,” Raphael says. A moment hangs, awkward and endless, before he speaks again. “Well, I won’t keep you if you’re busy. Dean, I’m sure I can count on you to catch Castiel here up to speed on the legacy system.”
Sam gives a small grin. “Force of habit, I guess.”
They don’t know how long they have before the first wave of resurrections come for them. Michael occasionally scouts the perimeter, but whatever creatures are out there remain far away for now.
Finally, they’re done. At peace.
Then he hooked a finger into Cas’ collar and tugged it up the back of his neck. “C’mon. Tub’s getting cold.”
“You’ll handle the client-reported defects, and any of the improvement projects Miriam hasn’t completed before her move.”
“Right,” Castiel agreed carefully.
“Christ,” Dean hisses. “How’re we supposed to fit this in with our current implementations? Who the fuck signed off on this?”
“Yeah...” Dean drags the word out, wincing even as he admits it. “It’s just annoying. Half his questions could be answered if he’d only just open our program and start fiddling through menus. Or if he’d just come and talk to me a couple times a day.”
Although Castiel drops Dean off at the parking garage to pick up the Impala, he refuses to allow Dean to carry all his newfound belongings back into his apartment alone. After a brief argument, they end up agreeing to drive in tandem to Dean’s building, Castiel’s dumb little blue car puttering behind Dean’s through traffic.
He’s not ready for this. Sure, he’s brought some numbers, but he’s had no chance yet to double-check them. What if Dean screwed up the queries as he was formatting them, and all the data he’s memorized is wrong? He’ll look like a complete idiot if he recites information that’s totally off-base from what Zach knows or what Castiel might say.
“Of course,” Rowena replies, blithe. “What kind of amateur do you take me for? It’s—”
“Of course,” Dean answers. The smile he gives feels brittle, crunched underfoot one too many times.
“I’m going to quit, Dean.”
There’s a knock on his door not too long later, shortly before the first file has finished being imported into the format converter. Dean swivels back on his chair, rising on creaking knees. He hardly glances through the peephole before he turns the locks on his front door, swinging the door wide open.
Dean’s attempts to goad him into conversation all misfire, digging the trenches in Cas’s brow even deeper. So Dean gives up trying to figure out what the hell is up with him. He simmers in silence and runs through the elaborate backstory Garth provided the night before, getting as far as “he’s my husband” before slamming the brakes on that train of thought and giving up on that, too.
Returning to the McDonald’s, Dean orders quarter-pounder meals for himself and Sam and fills their fountain drinks. He drops the tray onto the table and slides into Sam’s booth between two boisterous families, coming to rest directly across from his brother. “What’s the good word, Sammy? The dark web spilling all its secrets yet?”
“So that’s your story to remember,” Sam finishes.
“Here,” the djinn says.
He almost feels bad having to throw it away, pouring the soup down the sink at the end of day. Still, Dean leaves the thermos in the dry rack by the sink, knowing wearily that it will be back, freshly filled, on his desk the day after next.
He reaches out to Castiel, touching him on the edge of his stormy brow, his touch drawing down toward his cheek. All his nerves narrow to the blade of one finger, ghosting lightly around one luminous blue eye.
“One last chance to bring your truck back,” Dean tells him idly, even though they’re already neck-deep into Oregon, with the Idaho border coming up a couple hours ahead.
“You can still be friends with him,” Sam says, as if he’s unaware of how Dean’s work and friendship circles almost entirely overlap. “I know you don’t see ‘em outside of work, but you could maybe set up a casual hour with the team on Fridays, meet everyone for drinks?”
Dean startled, snapping briefly back into focus. He snagged on the sight of Cas’ pink mouth, his mussed-up hair. When did Dean do that? Except it didn’t really matter; Dean leaned down to kiss him once again.
Cain wastes no time getting down to business as soon as they are lined up at the throwing range.
Anael’s lips purse. “I doubt Raphael sees it that way.” She motions towards the laptop. “Check your emails. The CAB team has called us all upstairs. They want to go over what the fuck happened to production last night.”
“The world is ending,” Sam tells him, his anger leashed—barely. “Everyone between Minnesota and Lebanon is gone. Probably the rest of the damn world too. We need to do something. Fast. Before Chuck comes for us too.”
Dean responds to the question violently, muscles seemingly locking him in place. Castiel falls out from Dean’s tepid grip on his elbow, two steps down the hall beyond where Dean has paused. It takes a moment for his body to steady itself outside of Dean’s support. It takes a moment longer to regain the coordination to face Dean again.
“Not enough, and I’m not wasting them on
“You sound burned out,” Sam tells him, during one of their video chats. “Maybe you should take a break. D’you have any vacation time left?”
Castiel’s warm and overwhelming smile sobers. He nods gravely. “Yes. I am.”
“Why, I couldn’t reach Samuel on the phone, so I figured I ought to stop by and share the news.” She leans her shoulders into Sam’s chest, arching her neck into an elegant line. In a stage-whisper, she adds, “I have information about that hex bag you showed me.”
Dawning realization hits Dean, just an instant too late.
“Cherry braids,” Nat tells him. Her recipe, though her rhumed-up wrists required they be baked by her daughter. “For you and yours, if you feel inclined to share.” Six of them. Nat would’ve packed more for the afternoon, but her grandkids had made their way into their mother’s handiwork as soon as the braids had cooled, and their household supplies had been promptly decimated.
Dean swallows, his heart pounding. He thinks back over Cas’ ventures into the puke perimeter, struggling to push his mind through the rigors of remembering again. “He was bleeding,” Dean murmurs. He flexes a finger toward his face, wincing when the bruised nail meets his nose. “Here, and here,” he adds, scrubbing a knuckle against his earlobe.
Frowning, Castiel pushes open the door to find Dean sprawled out on the bed on his belly, his face buried in the crevice between both fluffy pillows. His arm is draped over the side of the bed, his hands running futilely over the spanse of blue comforter.
Or, in this instance, a father to his son.
Castiel hums. “Michael is more worried about status and appearance than whether any of us are actually experiencing happiness.” His chin drops, his face growing somber. “He saw me as flawed for pursuing an education degree instead of a business one. Everything that went wrong after that was my fault.” He grimaces. “Even at Luke’s law office, I was held responsible for errors that weren’t my own. There was always too much to do, and not enough that I was capable of doing.”
Garth and Bess are here with their family; Jody and Donna; Kevin and his mother, Linda cradling her son, back from the dead. Ellen and Jo bring a bevy of beers to the library and sit across from both versions of Bobby, who are already trading histories, and Dean’s sure he spied Pamela somewhere around, at least until Ash dragged her off with him, looking for her psychic insights into the motherboard running the bunker.
“Maybe?” Dean answers. “But, c’mon—not like the kid had much time before—”
From where he’s crouched between the chairs, Dean looks around, panicked until he catches sight of Sam up ahead, back-to-back with an allied djinn behind him. The both of them have their blades upraised, slashing at enemy djinn as they come.
Dean scrapes his thumbnail through the blood on the knife blade. Presses the nail to his lips; cleans it off with a flick of his tongue.
Castiel stood offside the bed, hands tucked into his trouser pockets, white button-down sleeves rolled up to his elbows. “Will this suffice?”
Castiel’s smile flickers and fades. “Did you eat? I didn’t interrupt your supper, did I?”
Sam presses the webbing between his fingers to his mouth, sucking at the burned skin. He shakes his hand out, biding time. Castiel waits patiently, fishing out the last of his cereal dregs.
Marky laughs. “Aren’t you funny! What are the other three?”
If he were smart, Dean would do the same thing that Anael has already done: accept that Castiel is leaving, wish him well, and turn his focus back onto who will be their next SA, the same as he would for any other new hire.
Panic knives through the very essence of Castiel’s being. His wings carry him to the gates of heaven before he has even spared a moment to think. Castiel marches forward, preparing his wings, summoning his healing—
“So Zach had no idea if the new guy’s any good,” Inias grouses over a ham sandwich, crowded in on Dean’s corner of the lunch table.
Castiel holds him steady, as he shakes apart. Dean parts his lips, chasing what they had only moments ago, and Castiel’s tongue plunges in beside his, ready for the taking.
Worse, it feels like his appearance shouts his scattered thoughts to everyone, his mind a glass box with perverted thoughts rattling around inside, skittering around in the open for all to see. He can’t even make eye contact with Castiel as he crosses the cubicle floor; he sails by the coffee cubby without so much as a smile spared Castiel’s way.
“Was?” Castiel asks tentatively, though he doesn’t know what Dean means by the Darkness.
A part of Castiel seeks to rebel against whatever is being asked of him; that part that was nurtured through years of living with the Winchesters, that longs to see them again. To see Dean again. Castiel knows already what happens when sons pay blind devotion to their fathers.
Dean looks up to find a hokey occult website staring back at him, complete with discount chakra readings. He frowns down at his burger, takes a bite. “Doesn’t this look a little Wiccan 101 for us?”
“But it doesn’t make sense,” Sam insists. “All this time leading up, you guys were—”
Cas shakes his head. “No. It’s just a difficult situation. I don’t envy Sheriff Mills right now.”
It was a satisfactory experience, though Castiel preferred when he tipped his head backward and felt the spray against his throat instead of his brow. On his chest was pleasing too, particularly when coupled with gentle sweeps of his hands through the water collecting on his skin. Castiel touched his nipples again and found them stiffening, the flesh growing pebbled and firm. He wanted the touch to make him groan, but unfortunately the feeling seems only physical still.
“No,” Dean said in a rush. “And yeah. But it’s just—old instincts. From being around alphas, when they’re...”
Dean hauls him back, waves him off. “Are you kidding? This is delicious.” He shovels another forkful into his mouth, shaking his head as he swallows. “Just won’t live it down if Sam hears I ate it.”
Castiel looks away from the television, staring shrewdly at Dean instead of the screen.
Back to the night he first died.
His good hand tears at the bandages on his face.
This is who Castiel ought to be.
“Hey, Dean, what’s this about a new proj—” Inias begins as he prowls past, but something about Dean’s posture makes him fall silent. Even Miriam uncharacteristically has no comment to add; she just stares at Dean, wide-eyed, as he walks by, her chair swiveling to follow the path he cuts through the cubicle floor.
“Lucky you,” Dean grumbles back. He keeps his thumbs jammed into the inner corners of his eyes, the pressure soothing against the ache in his forehead. When he chances a glance, he finds Cas seated on the park bench beside the flower garden, directly across the street from Dean.
For all the chill it sends down Dean’s spine, the news seems meaningless to the queen and her minions.
Anderson nods his appreciation and picks up his pack of ribs, hefting his way toward the storefront where Julie’s already busy at the till. Ricky then drops his focus back to Mrs. Pierson, next in line, who has approached the display case and is already rattling off her regular order of feta stuffed chicken. Hands moving, Ricky nods along like her order might deviate from the usual (it won’t), knowing that if he fails to give her sufficient eye contact she’ll lodge a back-channel complaint with his wife at their book club Saturday evening.
By the time Dean finished eating and had tossed away the paper plates, Castiel had swapped the soiled bedding out for crisp sheets, and had gathered Dean’s laundry into a couple neat piles at the foot of his bed. He had even found additional pillows and comforters Dean hadn’t been using, and had arranged the collective into a soft bow that Dean felt an instinctive urge to tuck himself inside of.
“No pie,” Dean insists. “No birthday.”
Castiel frowns harder. “You mean this—” he gestures at his body “—isn’t Rowena’s attack dog spell?”
Nervously, Dean swallows. Yeah, he’s well-aware of the bugs on that list.
Without a word Cas puts the painting back on the easel. “I better return to Sam.”
Softly, Sam asks, “How?”
Inside, Ryan finds the angels.
Castiel sighs. “I don’t know. I should have. But you were already—acting like I was dead to you. I didn’t want to add more fuel to the fire.”
Dean started this whole nightmare. This relentless pursuit of Chuck. So it’s all on him. He fucked up, got mad, and got messy. But he was supposed to
“Sorry, sorry,” Alex whispers, leaning close, her face cast in shadows by the hazy patio light. “Just checking on his breathing.”
Three tosses, and then Dean's scissor loses to her rock.
Castiel laughs, and Dean loves it, how it soothes the tangled knot in his chest; his heart softens and unwinds.
He aches for easier times.
Maggie, though …
“Practice makes perfect,” Castiel intoned, earning him Dean’s delightful laugh.
“Well, I’m honored,” Castiel says, his voice a smile. “When’s your last day?”
On one such particular morning, Dean has sunk hours into fighting with what should have been a relatively easy batch of queries that are refusing to properly run. For some reason Bart sent him the queries in an email instead of as an attachment, and something in the formatting styles has gotten lost in translation. The separated strings are now all bunched together and tangled, making them impossible to run as-is.
“Or if they’re even a guy.” Miriam levels Inias with a sharp look. “Check your assumptions, dude.”
Dean waves his hand. “I mean it, Cas. I was… Y’know. An asshole. And you decided you’d had enough of it.”
“I know. I’m sorry.” Castiel shifts uncomfortably, hesitant what more he could say that would improve the situation. “I was—afraid to see you again.”
Dean leans into him, licking his lips until they shine. His breath mingles with the faint puffs grazing across his cheek, where Castiel’s mouth rests so near to his own.
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, bowing mockingly toward each of them in turn. "Go on, get it out of your system."
“I’ve had a path,” Castiel replies, “and rules to follow, ever since I was a child. I had to cut out anything that wouldn’t help me advance in my career.”
Beneath her finger rings a solemn tune, a single note held in warbling wait.
Dean scribbled his signature onto the tablet, then pushed it roughly back to Castiel without looking. He scrubbed a hand over his face, his knees wobbling as he rose to his feet. “I need a shower.”
Sam’s expression softens, and Dean feels it like a punch to the gut. The kid is juggling an internship with a high-profile lawyer and then here’s Dean, bitching about forty hours sitting in an office chair.
Dean sits at the table a beat longer, feeling almost drunk in the silence that has flooded the room in his brother’s stead. He misses Sam like his own heartbeat, like he’s muffled and gone with half a continent between them. But Dean has his life, and Sam has his, and everyone’s happy. It shouldn’t matter that they don’t live close to each other anymore—in the same apartment, or the same city, the same state. They’ve made their choices. Their lives are set.
It should have been easy, packing up from Castiel's place. After all, it wasn't like Dean had meant to come here in the first place, and hadn’t exactly arrived with a duffel bag to repack. But once Dean decides he’s overstayed his welcome, he finds it harder to leave than it ought to be.
“Useless.”
“Okay, guys, seriously,” Sam says, “you’re taking this too far—”
To the length of Dean’s throat.
“It’s grace,” Cas cuts in, locking their clasped hands together. “Do you think—?”
“Swipe right,” Claire says, gesturing.
Dean looks to Sam, questioning, but Sam gives a smug grin and continues chewing. An old throb of sibling rivalry strikes Dean then, so strong yet subtle that only those with thirty-odd years of experience with each other could ever scent it.
Chuck’s smile is all teeth. “What d’you say, guys. Want me to make this easy on you? Or would you rather the horde tear you limb from limb?”
From the corner of her eye, Josh is dragging fierce bullhorns from his eyes toward her, his brow dropped in a glower. Val blames this distraction as the reason for her inattention, for why the blonde is able to sneak up on her at all.
Castiel pushes a hand through his hair, ruffling it. He exhales sharply, then says, calm, “Maybe you should go home. Get some rest.” He touches Dean’s elbow, directing him toward the door. “You’re clearly tired.”
Dean, happy. Just happy.
“No,” Dean agrees, “but that’s not our problem, is it? I mean, it was web services who dumped this whole BEAU project onto us in the first place.” He leans forward, forearms planted on the edge of the desk. “Think about it. Raph won’t care about the details. He’ll just be happy that we’re moving ahead of schedule. So that’s the biggest roadblock down.” He folds down one finger, quickly followed by another. “Then, all we got to do is take the updated ETR to Dumah and get her to sign off on it. She might have to pull another QA in from her department, but if it’s what Raph wants they’ll just have to figure that out.”
Uriel gives him a shrewd once-over, then places a warm hand on Castiel’s shoulder, squeezing, before he stands.
Dean angles his head back but it’s too late: this is happening. Garth leans in like a car crash, his lips moist and puckered, mouth slow-mo mashing into the matching spot on Dean’s face.
Dean would later blame the drink for what he does next.
Heat creeps into Dean’s neck and face. He taps his foot against the desk. “So…”
Dean sobered a bit. He had to keep telling himself that Cas wasn’t his friend, not really. They only knew each other during the four or five days a season when Dean succumbed to a heat.
Dean’s brow furrows. “
“Oh,” Castiel says. He tries hard not to be disappointed once again.
Curious where the difference lay, Castiel asked, “What are you thinking about?”
“C’mere and see,” Claire demands, a wild smile beaming out from her sallow face.
“Real-nothing, or fake-nothing?” asked Dean.
“I don’t know why this is so difficult for you to understand,” said Castiel, eventually.
“Hey, now,” Dean begins, mock-affronted. His grin grows stronger with the exaggerated wink Castiel gives over his shoulder.
Inias snorts. “We’ll stick to sharpening her wordplay weaponry, thanks.”
He sets the book aside.
Dean leans in and frowns at his brother, who is frowning in turn. “What the fuck, Sam? Did you invite her?”
Dean looks up at his brother, squinting against the sun. “You waiting for us?”
“I may have raided your freezer,” Castiel murmurs. “The spinach was partly freezer-burnt, but most of it was salvageable.”
Dean’s mind wandered dangerously as the frying pan set into a sizzle. Did Cas not know he was going into rut? Or did he invite Dean over
“Mm-hmm.” Miriam taps her nails on his desk. “Better keep him company on that, otherwise the poor puppy is gonna start whimpering real quick.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean says, unsure how to soothe the sting. “You know it’s not your fault this stuff makes no sense, right? The whole goddamn case is a mess. If it weren’t for you and Sammy, we’d have no idea what’s been happening. The mapping, the ‘seven-fact’ game? That’s all been you. Nobody’s expecting miracles here anyway.”
So. At least there’s that.
Cas’ arms twitch at his sides, restless. Dean falls into place a step behind him, leaving space should Cas prefer to pretend like Dean’s not there.
As a coworker, Dean is sad to be losing a great colleague. As a friend, he’s happy Castiel is moving on to better things. But as… something more? Something that they could be? Or could have been?
Castiel nods stiffly. “Of course. I understand.” He shuffles in place. Fingers drag over the edge of the table, as if they could somehow collect icing from the long-since eaten cake.
“I respectfully disagree. Everybody misses you, Dean.” Castiel pauses, staring pensively into his soup. “Even knowing that I’d see you at the end of the day wasn’t much comfort. It’s not the same when you’re not there.”
. The radio report seriously dropped off mid-sentence.” Sam huffs a breath, like the thought is too big to hold. “Look, I know I promised I wouldn’t interrupt you guys, but we could use the extra help here.”
Ever patient, ever caring, Cas lets him work through these stages of grief alone, tight-lipped against the confessions threatening to tear their way up his throat. Dean cannot say any of them yet—there’s too much, too many years; the words would all trip over themselves, come out in an idiotic mess—
Val stutters over the request. “You mean like, food-birthday? Or card-birthday?”
Dean sits quietly for a moment, his eyes screwed shut, teeth gritted. He counts back from ten twice to regain his cool, and even then he bites his cheeks in an attempt to muffle the shout he wants to scream out about Bart’s latest request.
