He is sitting in the car with his mother. Not in the snow or on a deserted road, but in a parking lot outside church in Manhattan. It's eighty-five degrees out and Tony's down to his undershirt but his mother is pristine as always. Dad's outside, resting on the hood and smoking a cigar with Obie. His whole family is here, and that why this isn't real.
- we’ll both agree to turn down the theatrics, alright? We’ll both come home every day. To - oh - to each other. And do this all over again.”
Clint keeps his eyes trained forward even as he grimaces through his answer. "Sir, Steve Rogers contacted me on the fifteenth and asked for my help in taking down an international criminal. I reported with Scott Lang and Wanda Maximoff to Germany where we were to take a plane to Siberia. The other team tried to stop us and we fought."
Peter's uncomfortable; Tony can tell by the set of his shoulders even though he can't see his face. "I'm not a kid. Well, I mean - but I can take care of myself. You know that, Tony."
"I know Agent Carter got involved with the other side of your Avengers' conflict, but that's water under the bridge now," Lukin says genially. "She's the best of the best. I couldn't afford to pass that by."
Barnes maintains eye contact for a long moment before he drops his eyes down to the sheaf of papers sitting on the table in front of him. He fans them out one handed. "He gave this to me."
"If he would've told me," Tony goes on like Bruce hadn't spoken, like now that it's out he can't stop. "Then I could've kept control. I hope I would have. If he would have just given me the chance - all he had to do was give me a chance. And maybe I wasted my first one on Ultron, but I've done some pretty great things with second chances, Bruce." Iron Man, Vision, Pepper. The Accords, even. Bruce's breathing is incredibly, deceptively even and Tony just sighs, lays his hand on top of one of Bruce's fists and squeezes. "No green, okay? Just. Let's just stay here."
. I can’t afford to be gone right now. I’ve got people counting on me back home.” He sounded so angry and
She looks at him for a long time, long enough for T'Challa to come back and find them both lingering in each other's orbit, afraid to upset this unsteady peace. "Miss Maximoff. I was wondering where you were. Okibe has been asking for you. Sergeant Barnes is ready to see you, Tony."
"Oh, I have them," she says cheerfully, and licks the blood off her fingertips because she is probably insane. "I just choose not to use them. Your legwork is still shit. Who taught you to fight?" Steve answers that with a glare that has absolutely no affect on her. "Well. Maybe you're just a slow learner. We'll work on it."
"Romanov and Vision, you focus on hostages. Rhodey, bring out the big guns, take out the artillery here first then move on to actual combatants - UN wants them alive so do what you can. The hostages are our first priority. I'll be operating on crowd control. Got it?"
"Because he could-" Steve thought of that angry Tony he'd met, with those cold eyes. The sad Stark that had just cried on his shoulder, the one who had watched (
"I thought you were supposed to be cheerful," Steve remarks dryly. Tandy smiles brilliantly, all white and blonde and bright, and he dimly wonders if everyone feels like some dismal dark thing next to her.
he thinks grimly in Shuri's direction, and folds his hands together over his stomach where the flaps of his jacket will slightly obscure them.
Peter hauls himself out of the pool onto the side, tilting his head at the older boy. "That makes no sense," he says, before promptly webbing up his feet and launching himself onto the closest piece of ice.
Tony's first instinct is to snap that he already offered one, that Barnes can say no, but the moment passes, the instinct fades and logic prevails. He knows the real answer, too. "Short answer? There's always a choice. You can kick me out right now, Barnes. Wanda's itching for the chance."
"That machine," he begins, standing and approaching the window that separates them. T'Challa had offered to let them stay in the same room when they talked this time but Tony wasn't ready for that yet. But Barnes is more - bearable to look at, this time. It's easier to look into his eyes and not see the thing that looked up at him from a tiny screen in a Siberian bunker, blood still dripping from its metal hands. "Was made as a sort of vanity project. Spent millions of dollars building it, but hey, I figure I've done a lot worse to sort out my issues."
“Not really. On average, they’re getting better. Something must have set one of them off early today.”
"Director Carter would've liked it," he barrels on, unable to look anywhere else but his coding. "Making everybody work together. Banging heads together. She'd feel right at home."
“Steve will be fine. He’s stubborn, and he’s strong-” Joseph snorts disgustingly and her voice rose. “-where it counts. His name is almost in. Only five, can you imagine, and almost a full mark. That means something, Joseph.”
"Oh, tons. Almost eight percent if my math is right, and it always is. Higher firepower, a more concentrated beam-"
"Agent Barton," Vision says serenely. "You have your rights, but perhaps you should calm down. The UN is allowed to access sound files recorded on the jet."
"'Fraid so," Bucky answers. There's a smile in his voice that Steve can't picture. "Did I call too early? I...don't know where you are, so I figured I'd just call whenever I worked up the nerve."
going, so you being there won't-" He catches the dismayed look that crosses Tony's face and his mouth clicks shut, his expression going carefully blank as he sets down his tools. "I
Iron Man comes to hover over the crowd, making a tsking noise. "We're gonna have to work on your superhero banter, Mr. Cage. Try this on for size." And he raises both hands, repulsors at the ready. "You
"How are the new calibrations looking, Bliz kid?" Tony calls from where he's coasting in the air. Rhodey is somewhere up above him in the War Machine and below, Donnie monitors their readouts on a Starkpad while Barton, his wife, Hope, and Vision relax on the roof.
T'Challa's gaze is roving his face, his dark eyes nearly black from the odd hang of the lights overhead. "You continually surprise me, Tony," he says in his low, husky voice. "Every grandstand greater than the last."
because you keep him locked up in the basement eighty percent of the time like he's going to snap at any moment!" Tony cringes at that; he hasn't been keeping Donnie away, he's been keeping him safe. If anyone came to the compound and saw the unknown Inhuman wandering around it would raise too many questions. "And you were slow in Manitoba, don't think I didn't notice, but you're probably not going to ask T'Challa how best to manipulate vibranium because-"
"Spider-Man," Peter commiserates. "Man who is a spider. Wow. So creative." He shakes a fist at the sky, probably cursing J Jonah Jameson's name.
"No," the kid says. "No, you can't. And saying that whatever this is isn't because you don't trust me isn't the same as saying you do trust me, by the way."
"Did you read my file?" When he shakes his head she frowns. "Did you read any of our files? Madame Hydra captured me and my partners. She tortured us for months then she shot my two best friends up with that Terrigenesis crap. Neither of them lived. I was supposed to be next but something spooked her. She got sloppy and I escaped."
Steve sits alone in his room at night, flipping the phone end over end in his hand. He never used to do that before. The war trained nervous habits out of him years ago. But now he feels - not nervous, but afraid, maybe.  On the edge.
“Alternate universe,” Steve blurted, forcibly shoving that ‘prettier’ out of his mind. “You’re in an alternate universe. You came in through that – we call it the Time Fog. It’s like a tear in space made corporeal.” He gestured to the wall of mist and Tony, keeping his body facing squarely forward, turned his head to follow. “Things fall through sometimes. From other places.”
Tony looks down at his new black and gold suit, lit up all over with bright red mini-reactors. "I like it," he says simply. He thinks it covers the whole thing neatly.
"That sounds great, Tony," Steve said, overly loud as Tony shot a glare at the Falcon. "You've been working hard and it shows. The Chitauri won't know what hit 'em."
"Yeah, well," is all Steve offers. "I've been neglecting my duties as team leader, but not anymore."
"Dr. Anderson?" Greenie sings. "Oh, Dr. Anderson?" He peers at the four people left on the roof and hisses. "No! Where did you put him you-" He dodges Iron Man and circles closer. "Oh, but Dr. Ivanov. That's almost as good; you're all the same, really. Snivelling, weak, even as you pretend at superiority. Look what I've done, Doctor. You said it couldn't be done but I did it! Who's laughing now, Doctor! Who's. Laughing. Now!" His loud cackle seems to blanket New York as the blades of the glider elongate and he shoots forward.
I have seen Colonel Rhodes wait for you when you don't come home, I have watched Agent Romanov hover at your shoulder, I have seen all the words Spider-man bites back, I have seen Vision outside this very lab, trying to find out how to just
"Iron Man," Hope replies, only a little sardonic. She stands, crosses to his side, and taps the paper. "Read it. Because it wasn't just you and Steve Rogers out there, Mr. Stark. It was the whole world, and you two tore it straight down the middle, no matter who slipped through the cracks."
The image, combined with the old memory of Tony using the building as an example of the past being brought into the future, not being destroyed by it, makes Steve laugh at his words.
"At least I was given a cot," Tony says, deprecating. "Point being, I got back from. Captivity and the mattress felt like drowning. So I started sleeping in the bathtub, when I could sleep at all."
Tony is sick of locking himself up in that bunker every night, letting Steve or Bucky kill him. He wants to leave that place and dream of his mother without pain or fear.
Now, his old friend murmurs, "There's a lot worse things for a man in our line of work to be then soulless, Howard."
Finally he calms down enough to stop trying to shiver out of his own skin and Pepper releases him to rest his head against the one in his mom's date of death while she rubs his back.
Bruce sighs heavily, and takes off his glasses to rub at his nose. "There's always a but, Tony, you know that." Tony waits patiently for him to explain this one and Bruce rubs harder. "Look, preventing brain activity is not something people normally try to do, outside of nervous disorders like Parkinsons, and this isn't that. The simulation only shows probabilities, you know that. I showed you this one because I want to be honest with you, but I've run just as many that had no drop at all. As near as I can figure out, the sim is showing that preventing the switch might cause such strain on Donnie's brain that it could result in a stroke."
Fury's eyebrow climbs up his forehead. "I act as best as I see fit, same as anybody. Or is making a mess only okay when James Barnes is on the line?"
. Cap's got a goldmine of information sitting pretty in a hospital bed - what are we going to do with her?"
for the ghost of greatness. And I warned them - weakness can only breed like. But they didn't listen. I
(He had come out of that surgery to find Rhodey by his bedside in a wheelchair, holding the cleaned remains of the fiberglass in his hands, running his fingers over the deep cracks that had come from the suit's reactor being driven into Tony's chest.
"You're saying my dad created a defective serum on purpose? I don't know if that makes it better or worse," Tony says after a long pause, laughing a bit to himself. "Dear old Howard and his iron fist. Always in control. I come by it honestly, see," he whispers to Bruce conspiratorially.
Or, more likely, Howard would never have forgiven him anyway, because even a genius like Howard Stark couldn't figure out why his only son made him so angry. Tony has a theory; Tony has dozens, he's a scientist. But his father is dead and gone and has been for twenty five years. There's no one to test his theories on anymore. There's just a headstone to visit and a legacy to maintain and the ghost of Howard left in Tony's footsteps, making them heavier than they should be.
No. No. They said- Steve said- where is the reactor? If he can't get all the parts to work together, the whole thing will fall apart.
This is what he wanted, isn't it? Just a chance that they could go back to the way they were before, together. Well, Tony's met him halfway. They can't go back. Steve can't go back. But this is
He sits down beside her and places his hand close to hers. "Your brother should be here any minute. Rhodey decided I should take a break and went to pick him up. He's going to be so happy to see you." The beep of Kamala's heart monitor is so loud in the room. Her skin has only just stopped glowing from the last power spike. "I'm glad that - you're not okay, Kamala, but you're intact. And you're not alone. Spider-Man and Blizzard are going to drive you nuts and Natasha ninja-moms people, so you've got that to look forward to. I swear it won't be all bad. I'll be here too, if you'll have me. Which, you know, totally your choice, but there it is. I want you to know all your options."
"Mom and Dad aren't here," Kamala grits out. Her shoulders shudder for a long moment before she regains her composure. "But I'm not signing the Accords. The Avengers are heroes, they shouldn't be put on leashes." The last part she slings at Tony like a shot.
Tony sees stars. And in the stars sits a rock and on that rock sits a throne and on that throne sits a man - a monster - a
He drops his hands around her shoulders, not returning the gesture but settling Natasha closer, feeling her skin vibrate when he laughs. "I'm in your web, itsy bitsy. Is this the part where you eat me?"
Sam lets himself into his room without knocking, barely raising an eyebrow when he sees Steve sprawled out on the floor surrounded by files. "Good reading?"
The phone call ends not long after that. Four minutes in total. Steve made him a useless promise once, but it was one Tony had reciprocated, even if he never said it out loud. Steve had called, which mean that Steve needed him. Them. The Avengers. Steve thinks the Avengers need to work together on this, and Tony agrees.
Bruce hands the phone back. "Rumor has it half the team ended up there anyway. I don't know, you tell me, Tony: was it worth it?"
Hope looks down again, carefully places the two halves the Accords together so the edges line up. "I'm not here just for Scott. I want to do this. For myself and for my mother. And the Accords - my father hates the whole idea of them, which generally means its a good idea, but I can see why. Government oversight tends to lead to government control. And the fact that they threw Scott in the others in jail without a trial is terrifying."
"And I'll even concede to his greater wisdom this time," Tony allows magnanimously. "We can't face a threat like this divided. But we can't do it together, either, and Fury can't bend the world the way he wants it any more than Rogers could."
down. "Tell you what, kid. You read it, make a note of what you want to change, I'll be back in a week and we can talk."
The compound is as busy as it's ever been. Tony put off Ross for as long as he could, but the man is currently flying in from Washington as they watch Clint destroy any chance he has at a good defense.
Tony's eyes snap up to meet his friend's, pained but resolute. "Rhodey," he croaks. "Don't..." He goes quiet and still for a moment, dropping one hand from Rhodey's and resting it on the table. If his father - if his father -
"No," Lukin returns with that same shark smile still in place. "No doubt at all. Oh, forgive me, Agent. I believe you all know Agent Carter?"
He's preening, joking, serious and playful by turns, and Steve's Bucky is still in there, but it's like looking through a kaleidoscope: he's just one part in a sea of many, now. Is how Bucky sees the whole world? Is this how Steve's been looking, instead of taking in the whole picture?
Holy Human Resources Disaster, Batman, they *actually* wrote those words? Please forward that to me ASAP, I want to frame that.
He pointed off in the distance, towards the direction of Stark Tower. “Is that mine?” he asked, amused. “It’s so
"That's what she said," Tony quips, not wanting to discuss this particular act of do-gooding. Just saying it makes him feel like he's burying his mother all over again. "I need the evidence from Siberia. Ross got the video from Zemo but Zemo knew how to trigger Barnes. He knew about the brainwashing. The evidence has to be out there, and maybe it won't be enough to clear Barnes but it'll definitely reduce his sentence. Rogers can let him plead insanity, get him some proper help. I know Barnes isn't any better or else T'Challa wouldn't be eyeing BARF like the cat and the canary." Natasha's eyes flicker with something dark - doubt or maybe guilt. "C'mon, Nat, Ty will eat it up. The public loves a good underdog story."
, you hear me? You don't have to do anything Tony, or anyone, says. You just - you keep yourself alive, okay?" He means to be strong, inspirational even, though Bucky never listened to Captain America any more than he did Steve. But it comes out garbled and strained and
"We know how much you care about him, Captain-" Steve whirls. The man has somehow gotten behind him, facing Bucky's cage, one hand ghosting over the glass. "The whole world has seen what you are willing to do to keep him by your side."
"If that was true, Germany would have won World War II," Tony points out. Tiberius makes a noncommittal hum in response. "Besides, I'm an Avenger. 'Avenge' is right there in the name. We don't turn in the badges 'til we get retribution."
Terrigenesis to do. Tony could take the sample from Kamala's blood and use it on a lab rat at this very moment, and if that lab rat was lucky enough to live, it would have an entirely different skill set than Kamala, even with the same exact formula in its blood.
There’s something about the angle of Steve’s body as he leans over the railing. Something about the curve of his neck as he stares down at the street. Something about the arch of his feet, neither planted on the ground. Unsteady, the engineer in him thinks. Ready to fall-
meant anymore since Rocket's translations had so far proven unreliable but, to no one's surprise, all he learned to type so far was
It's a simple operation as they go: taking out a terrorist cell antagonizing a Croatian village. It is nothing the Avengers haven't handled before, but that was before. This is now and Tony - Tony is scared.
"So, he said yes," Tony opens lamely when T'Challa does not turn or speak for an entire minute. "Where is he?"
"Conflict of interest. I see where you're going. The council is talking about this like its registration but that was never the deal. Cage, Spider-Man, Daredevil - they don't want to be Avengers? They shouldn't have to play by the rules we do."
"Of course," is the reply, like it would be anything else. Steve gets to work on the computers, noting with dismay that the data is already being corrupted. He finds a drive plug-in and gets the SHIELD-issue stint in place, shutting down the deletion process and allowing him to take a look while the files transfer. "Time is of the essence, and Madame Hydra waits for no bitch. I know her better than anyone here, I could have a lock on her in no time if some people would just let me take a look."
Tony inexplicably finds himself blushing. “It was nothing,” he mutters, then moves to stand. “Well. To your speedy recovery, then, Cap-”
Fury leans forward in his chair, and the creak of it breaks the quiet and all of Tony's righteous anger. He walks carefully over to where Rhodes is and the two of them slowly sink down onto the loveseat. Rhodey keeps a hand on his forearm as Tony beats out a mindless melody against his fake sternum.
"We track it down," Steve agrees. "This has to end now." He thinks he hears Diamondback snort over the comm but ignores it. Three missions out and not once has she agreed with his methods. Steve doesn't have the energy but to be anything but resigned to it. The USB beeps once, the data transfer complete, and Steve palms it. "Let's move out."
“But it didn’t,” Tony insists. “It happened, we fixed it, it’s over. Steve,” and he sits up inside the circle of Steve’s arms and he’s so close and all Steve can think of is to drag him closer, so he does. Tony is so warm against, so soft. So
It had sounded like everything the newspapers ever accused him of, narcissism and ego and vanity, but how else could Tony properly express how violated he felt sometimes, thinking of all those night he laid in Steve’s arms while all the while Steve knew?)
"That I've got a hypothesis to go with your own," Bruce says. "Your father was tinkering with the formula and the chamber at the same time. He never meant for it the formula to be used on a human being without the chamber, meaning without his say so, because he knew it would most likely fail otherwise. It was an insurance policy, to make sure it couldn't be misused. He just didn't anticipate HYDRA. How could he? He thought they died with Zola."
"Hey," Bucky says sharply. "What did I tell you all those years ago?" Steve waits and then Bucky huffs. "No, really, what did I tell you? I just had it and then it slipped away."
There's nothing here. It's not fair of him, to hold them up to ghosts and find them wanting. He should try harder. But the thought of - of making a team out of this, caring for them and having them all ripped away is just -
"I will," Bucky replies, absolutely determined. Steve breathes a little easier. "Stark seems like a real handful. I can't imagine the rest of them are much better."
"Duh. You never come to these though, so I think it's been permanently co-opted by Taskmaster," Tony said without looking up. "Your loss."
"Good for you," Tony says, and hangs up. He calls right back. "I'm an ass, and guess what, you're an Avenger now. Come to the States, see the compound. I've built you a nice scratching post."
"It'll go to the international courts," Natasha says lowly, reassuring herself. "He'll be - an accessory. To the crime. He evaded the law-"
"And I know what you said about me," Tony says in a near whisper. "That I'm controlling cause I'm scared. Maybe you're right, whatever, I don't know. Even if that were true, I wouldn't be able to figure out how not to be."
But Tony wasn’t paying attention to him, walking a little way so he could see more of the campus. “It’s not a bad idea, I suppose. All those supers in one place, training. Ross would have a field day…Oh, what’s that?”
"I have no idea. I'm at the compound." The camera suddenly jerks upward to watch Spider-Man swing through the air, landing on the side of the building and scuttling inside. "FRIDAY, we got eyes and ears on Stark Tower, can we get a read on Oscorp from here?"
Obadiah patted his knee absent-mindedly. "Well, that's not unexpected, is it, old boy? She's always placed a lot of stock in soulmates." Obie threw a casual wink his way. "She would, wouldn't she, landing the cream of the crop!"
"Look, Buck, every time I talk to one of them they talk about how much better the Accords are now, how maybe I should sign, like I'm some kind of idiot who was too stupid to understand the first time around. I don't doubt that Tony and T'Challa and Nat have worked hard at them but at the end of the day it's still tying our hands behind our backs, putting us in cages and deciding when to let us out. Nigeria ended bad, yeah, but what would have happened if we weren't there and Rumlow got away with the bio weapon? If we had just let it happen, the same people demanding we turn ourselves over to the government would be raking us over the coals, asking where we were when the world needed help."
He lets go. It's not a heart at all, but his missing arc reactor. There are cracks running through it, a long line through the center like it had been struck with force by a blunt edge, and though in the real world it would have been broken and dead, here, it holds.
“What do you think did it this time?” Sam asked, leaning back so he could see beyond Brian. From the looks of it, Tony was trying to shove something into Steve’s hands and Steve wasn’t taking it. He sighed. “Another part of Tony Stark’s Across the Century in Eighty Days.”
Those big eyes widened even further when Steve spoke, and a grin bloomed across his face, deliriously happy and nothing Steve had ever seen his Tony direct at anybody who wasn't Jan. "Never mind. Whatever he put in there, keep it coming. I quite like this state of bein'." He reached up, fingers grasping.
Tony rolls his eyes at her. "Widow, I have known Sharon since I was fourteen. She thought we were actual cousins until she was eight. When she was a kid I liked to tell her there were monsters in her closet just to go watch as she went and kicked their imaginary asses. Made the little 'hyah!' sounds and everything, god it was cute. My point is, Sharon Carter doesn't roll over for anything.
He is promptly shoved into a couch cushion. "Don't be weird, Tones. She's cool. Actually gave me some intel you might want to hear. Seems Ellis has already lined up Ross' replacement. You heard of General Aleksander Lukin?"
Many thanks go out to nostalgicatsea, who helped me finally get this chapter on the road. You can find her on tumblr or on here under that screenname, she's a heck of a writer. I got a little carried away with the crack in the beginning so if you're here strictly for Steve/Tony, just bear through it for me please!
"You're a sociopath," Tiberius whispered. "Unfeeling, uncaring, unconcerned with the rest of us mere mortals. You don't give a fuck. Embrace it." And he leaned down and kissed Tony's blank wrists, one right after the other. Tony could feel his jaw drop and his heart begin to race. No one had ever...no one had dared...
"I don't know, Cap, I'm not sure I want to end the Intergalatic Armor's first day by beating up an old man," Tony replied cheekily.
Carol directs that smile over her shoulder at Rhodey and Tony watches his best friend's face light up. "Colonel Rhodes has been on medical leave since Germany," Danvers answers when she turns back to Tony. "But I see that's unnecessary. These prosthetics are amazing, Mr. Stark. Your design, I'm assuming."
"I was in a war," Steve said coldly, and on the ground, Sam started to rise. This was getting into dangerous territory. "We were desperate. It isn't the same at all."
"He put me in jail," Clint had yelled one day when the silent treatment got to be too much. "I was pissed, Rhodes!"
fine, buddy. You haven't done anything wrong. In fact, we all owe you our lives," Tony replies, keeping his voice even. "And you've signed the Accords; we won't stop your work in New York and Luke Cage has already told me he'd be happy to have you help out the Defenders whenever. But Clint - Clint
Steve sighed and wondered if it was even worth it to include Time Fog shenanigans in his After Action reports anymore and, after watching a few moments more to make sure nothing else happened, turned back to his original destination.
"So here's the deal. You're gonna give me proof that Ross gave you the leak and you're gonna give me one favor."
Natasha looks absurdly pleased and he rolls her eyes at her as the agent agrees with his demands and hangs up. "Stop that," he tells the redhead, but she just clambers up on a table and swings her feet like a little kid. "Here," and then he hands her the transcript of the call. "I told FRIDAY to send the call to Rhodey; she'll change the settings to you if you ask."
Aamir looks away, then down, staring into his cup like he's trying to read the tea leaves. "I hold much admiration for Dr. Banner," he finally confesses. "I would like to be like him. I would like to help people like my sister."
Steve read them. They could work on them together, in some small way, just like Tony had wanted before. Of course his suggestions are brilliant, he's Steve. Not much for politics, but Steve was the one who knew the Avengers, Steve was the one with the moral compass to point Tony in the right direction when he got lost. Now that's all gone, but Steve is trying, at least a little, to repair the damage he's done.
God, he was infuriating and Steve hated him and Steve already felt horribly guilty that he had yelled at him like that. He'd make it up to him - he'd have to. Nine times out of ten it was Steve that had to make the first move to reconcile after their fights. Tony was either too proud or too scared to say sorry first, Steve hadn't figured out which. Maybe it was both.
"Yeah," Tony sighs. "That's what I figured." Rogers wasn't all wrong about the Accords. If it were still up to them, Tony wouldn't even be on this plane right now, he'd still be riding the high of a job well done with his teammates, and he wouldn't have had to worry about conferring with a bunch of people who'd never seen a battlefield over whether he should try and stop the masked madman throwing people off buildings. He wouldn't have to answer to anyone but Steve. Used to, that made him feel safe.
When the news comes in, Natasha spends two hours on the phone, negotiating with the Avengers' UN Council and Chad's leaders to allow the Avengers to lend a hand, but they are refused at every turn. On the news, eighty-seven people lie dead in the street. T'Challa is pacing and Tony is nervous. And it's only getting worse.
He is standing over a lab table. He expects gears and struts, he expects to reach out and build something.
FRIDAY asks him, worried, but he doesn't reply, letting his elbows slide further and further apart until his forehead is resting on the cold marble of the kitchen counter.
There is a hand on his shoulder and Tony jolts. Butterfingers rolls a few threatening feet forward, extinguisher aloft, and Kamala retracts her arm way too far before raising her hands in surrender. "Sorry! I just, I know that - I am really grateful, Mr. Stark. Thank you."
He doesn't realize until he's two steps away from Peter that he's gone a bit hysterical, but he so desperately wants Peter to believe him. Responsibility and guilt have always twined together in Tony's mind, and sometimes it can have dangerous consequences. He doesn't want Peter to talk down that path, especially not for this.
“That’s – not at all why I was asking,” Tony muttered, but there was a difference in the way he looked at him now.
"We haven't spoken in six years, Tony. I'm not your cousin," she says primly, seating herself on the table and staring at Tony before sighing hard. "I thought it was the right choice at the time. I'm not apologizing for it."
. All the tech and the – sometimes just the way he talks! He keeps…suffocating me! I don’t want to know! I don’t want to know the latest song, or what a Furby is, or how to turn off Safe Search, or who Will Smith is. I don’t want to know yet! I want –“ He caught himself.
Tiberius twirls the Montblanc in his fingers once, twice, before slamming it down on the table. "Fine. Whatever. I fucking hate you, man."
"Hey, Hope?" He startles her out of her thoughts, earning him a cross look. "What do you think about moving?"
“You sure? ‘Cause you seem pretty angry there, kid,” Tony said, a tiny hint of his smirk reappearing. “Don’t tell me this is the first time you’re letting this all out. Discretion is not a better part of your valor.”
. If they could, Tony would have done so for himself a long time ago and saved everyone a lot of pain. He wishes he could. It terrifies him, but he does. He tries. He builds suits to fly farther, punch harder, last longer. Artificial intelligences with strict codes to keep him from going too far. He surrounds himself with machines, science, and hopes it can do the impossible and help him be better, but at the end of the day, all he is left with is himself.
"Oh, Ty," Tony snarls softly. "Still a coward." Honestly it's not all that surprising that Tiberius would sell him out. The man's built an entire company out of it. "Then I guess Iron Man will have to pay a visit instead."
"Move, Ty," he growled, wishing not the first time the other boy didn't have two years and four inches on him.
springs to Tony's head, unbidden. He opens his mouth, then lets it go, sighing tiredly. "You, uh. You really know how to wear a guy out, T'Challa. Let's just go back, alright? I'm -" he hugs the Accords in close to his body. "I'm not a fan of cold."
“Then maybe you could help him change his mind.” Steve’s hand clenched down a little harder. “He needs you. He needs to have you at his back. Because I swear to you, Tony-“ And Steve ducked, catching Tony’s eyes and holding them steadily. “No matter what, no matter how angry he –
"She caught me talking to the coat check girl and threatened to cut my dick off and beat me with it. Probably could have succeeded too," Rhodey says, and Tony laughs. Rhodey usually only tells this story when they're both very drunk and they play 'who has the craziest ex.' Tony still maintains that since not one of Rhodey's exes has yet to shoot at him, Tony is still winning.
"I'm not saying you shouldn't try, Wanda. I'm saying that you can't let these things destroy you. Thinking about it won't change what happened to you, it won't bring your brother back. All it will make you do is doubt yourself and in the situations we get into, we can't afford that."
Except for one. He hears Diamondback's giggle before he actually sees her, and he sees her shurikens before anything else. They flash in the air and spin into the keypad locking them out of the innermost section of this HYDRA base, frying the connections. A moment later and the giggle herself drops down beside him, all pink and black and dangerous. "Am I your back-up, fearless leader?" She smiles wildly, grabbing for her weapon without looking, plucking it up perfectly by its deadly little edges. She throws out a snappy salute with it. "I am flattered."
practically an explosion of emotion for him. "You could tell me if you weren't okay, too. Or you could not, that's always an option. But I figure, you and me, we're pretty familiar to each other in our own super weird way. We're safe. For each other."
"...I will send the coordinates for Black Widow and Black Panther. There are snipers camping out in the buildings; get rid of them and report to the nearest Captain after. Mr. Stark, you will go to the second set of coordinates. We have a base there, you will help us coordinate."
"I don't trust him with SHIELD and he chose this place to go back into stasis. He felt safe. Out there I can look for a cure for the triggers that I'm not going to find sitting in Wakanda. Until then, T'Challa will protect him."
Iron Man darts in the way, pulling up against the sheer force and momentum of the machine as it takes him clear over the rooftop and down into the streets below. Through FRIDAY's warnings he can see that Green isn't even on it anymore, meaning Tony's left those people on the roof defenseless. He can hear the mad cackle so loud over someone comms, someone's fighting him, someone will stop him-
Tony has made a lot of mistakes in his life. Most of them he was delighted to make because he was too stupid, too selfish to realize how irreparable they were. Trusting Obie had been his first. He'd never been able to fix that.
It becomes a thing after that - a game, if you’re Tony. Healing, maybe, for me. He volunteers, once or twice, starts the game himself. I come up, more than once, and it’s hard to listen to, especially the things I wasn’t around for, the impressions Howard left, but we have an unspoken rule now that we don’t interrupt. These are our terrible things. No one else gets an opinion.
There was nothing you could have done, Captain. You being there would have changed nothing. We did as best as could possibly be done.
? Not all your fault. I hate it when you guys do that. Stop trying to take things away from me, okay? I chose this. Like, I am fully aware of how pushy you are, dude, and I did all that stuff anyway. I'd do it again. Because it's my choice."
Tony releases a tranquilizer dart and the man collapses. "Bomb's secured," he barks over the comms. "Check in."
Peter's blush can practically be seen through the mask and he turns to the cupboards, opening and closing the doors while retrieving a kettle, some cups, and a box of jasmine tea Wanda left behind. "Don't get his hopes up, sugar cookie. What are you doing?" Tony asks him, sitting up to watch.
Tony has his sunglasses on but even they can't hide how utterly wrecked the man looks, keeping Pepper close as he wades through the mass of people slinging questions at him.
We meet on the couch in the common room or in the workshop, always in the moment right after the dead of night when neither of us can sleep. The first time we did this, before it was a habit, before it became a therapy that didn’t feel like flaying my brain open, it was an attack on his part, practically begging me to lay out a sob story just so he could tear it to pieces.
"I am fine. I am-" She licks her lips, once, twice, she's nervous about him. "I have been watching you."
How many attacks had been Madame Hydra's temper tantrums and how many had actually been the main force of HYDRA? And how can he even be sure this woman is telling the truth? If she is...
learning experience - but T'Challa got real cagey when I asked him if he'd gone with Rogers to Fury's hideyhole. I could call up Rogers, I suppose, but..."
Steve wishes desperately for his shield. "I guess you've never taken on the Dora or the king. Neither take kindly to threats to Wakanda."
. "Right now and I shut it all down. I find another way. I always do. This is asking a lot of you, maybe more than you can give. You don't have to. Say no and-" What? Keep running, let the ghosts of HYDRA play havoc with his head, or go back in the deep freeze? Tony swallows hard and makes himself keep talking. He just knows he has to try, even if only to know that he did when he tries to live with himself later. "You don't have to do this."
But Natasha fucking Romanov makes it a very near thing. There is a short, three-minute span that feels like an eternity where she won't answer anyone's hails and then they hear her over the comms, with near panic in her voice shouting "Why are you here?"
They're never going to let Bucky be now. He's never going to get back to where he belongs. He doesn't even know where that is anymore. He wishes he had written it a thousand times in that damned letter.
A beep from his mobile desk and Tony broke first, looking down. After a pause he gestured beside him. "Pull up a bag, Cap. You know there's one for you, too, somewhere."
"Join the club, kiddo," Tony says, then winces. But Donnie doesn't appear too ruffled. "Hey," he goes on, nudging at him. "You want to go to a play with us? Natasha stole these really nifty digital face masks from SHIELD. We can make you look like Brad Pitt."
"Sap," he accuses, absent but fond. "Go for it." His gaze drifts to the window, mind drifting even further. "Do you think he'll call?"
"Hole in one, Captain. Stark Industries is working to bring them to the public in the next three years."
Bruce's smile if a fragile thing. "I'm already working on it. The other component I still can't figure out - the randomization effect makes breaking it down to base components a nightmare, but if we can figure out how to stabilize the irregularities in this formula-"
thanks man me too. so now i know why youre always hanging onto that phone. natasha says everyone's got this number. so first things first i want to know how wanda is.
"I was warned of your over-inflated ego. Do you truly believe you are the only one who can turn the tide, Captain? You have been weighed and measured and found wanting. HYDRA has corrected this error, like we always have. The good doctor warned you but you didn't listen."
He leaps to his feet, kicking away the sheets and blanket and the last dregs of sleep, and stumbles over. Caught up in the sudden burst of adrenaline and - and excitement - he doesn't check the number, a rookie mistake Natasha would have his head for if she was here, and flips open the lid to the phone without hesitation.
His heart is very abruptly in his throat. Tony tries not to choke on it, the useless thing. "He left it with me."
Their seats are incredible, of course, and the play is just as trite as Tony remembers but Donnie seems to enjoy it. The Avengers all have their comms in and are muttering to each other about the play, though it is largely taken up by Kamala's awe-struck squeals whenever Christine Daae so much as dips her dopey little ankle. Bruce is particularly occupied with the Phantom while Natasha is oddly enamored of Meg Giry and Tony sings dirty lyrics to 'Music of the Night' until they all hiss for him to be quiet. For the most part they are quiet, just a friendly presence in each other's ear.
"Indeed," Lukin says, and squeezes down tight on Tony's shoulder, the light from his palm throwing the hollows of his face in stark, red relief. Tony gasps and he-
The silence is broken by Happy, a ways away, yelling at someone that they can't be there. Pepper stiffens behind him and extracts herself, getting up on her knees to glare at the intruder. "What do you think you're doing?"
He thought his whole life he was being punished, but maybe his blank wrists were someone else's salvation.
"I'm grateful. I've mentioned that, right, how grateful I am?" Tony asks. "You're totally getting a raise."
It explains things about his teammates that he should have been wondering; things he could have figured out just by talking to them. He never had to go through Natasha's file to get her to open up to him, and he waited years for Tony to tell him the story of Afghanistan instead of looking it up himself. No wonder Cloak and Dagger are so obsessively devoted to one another - no only do their power complement each other but surely they have to be aware they are what keeps the other alive. And no wonder the consistently-abandoned Rachel latched so hard onto her friends, and now feels their loss so keenly that she'll stop at nothing to destroy the woman who took them from her.
"Seriously, Tony," Cap said, placing a hand on Iron Man's shoulder. Tony was a sucker for that move and Steve exploited it relentlessly. "I know you're always after the latest and greatest but you've really raised the bar - this armor is impressive."
Always that. Always the best Steve could. Bucky has been telling him that his whole life - their friendship is big on catchphrases, Steve's noticed - and the only thing that's changed is what Steve is capable of doing.
he whispers. "We were watching the news and Cap was so sure you'd show up anytime but people kept dying and you weren't there. We had to do something."
"Wanda," he says, trying to put a little Captain America in his voice to make sure she was listening. "You are not a monster, you never were. And what happened to Pietro was Ultron's fault and nobody else's. You remember what I told you? We try to save everyone we can, but that's not always possible. There are some things you can't help."
"I feel like I'm sneaking out of my bedroom window," Tony hisses to T'Challa when he meets him down in the lobby. It's two o'clock at night and the crisp Belgium air is shocking through his thin sweatpants. T'Challa eyes him, amused, and Tony shrugs into his jacket and glares. "What's up, kitty cat? Missed me?"
He had developed a device that can alter memories, preventing a trigger sequence. It has already been tested and works in practice.
Donnie knows the risks, knows what he chances every time he steps into the Hulk-proof room, and Tony only broached ceasing the sessions once before the kid brutally shut that down. Tony can understand the need to know your mind is your own. It was a terrible thing the first time he dropped into a memory and found it was the vision that led to Ultron, only to turn his head to the right and find Wanda Maximoff right beside him, hand outstretched and eyes glowing red. It wasn't that he didn't know what Wanda had done to him. It was the fear that she was still there.
Fury leans forward into Steve's space. "And that's some real pretty talk, Captain, but tell me this: are you fighting for you or are you fighting for them?"
Steve shrugs, worn down to the nerves. "I'm your leader. You made no secret of what would happen if you got your hands on her. Not only did I not do my job and convince you to follow orders, I
There is untapped fury in Diamondback's posture, another week of Madame Hydra slipping out of her grasp. Cloak is exhausted and Dagger curls more and more protectively around him by the minute. Sam's entire body is sagging to the floor but when Steve sends him away, he knows the younger man will just wander out to 42 and stare at all the prisoners, trying to reconcile the fact that he now knows what they're going through.
He shakes his head at one point and she asks him what that's for. He holds the phone up to her, showing the text that Rogers sent late last night, just minutes after the bomb exploded. "Rogers is infringing on my gimmick. Unless he was the one who set up the bomb, I'm not entirely sure how any of this is his fault."
"Oh," Tony said, a flush coming and going across his cheeks like the afternoon breeze. "Oh," he said again, suddenly drawing himself up and looking away. Ready to bluster. "You think this is impressive, you should see what I've got cooking in my workshop, Cap. The Guardians, the Chitauri, Knowhere coming down, all that tech! They're doing stuff up there we haven't even dreamed of, Cap, but I'm gonna make it a reality, and then I'm gonna make it better."
Tony smiled, bright as could be. "Don't sweat it. We caught it all on video. Two million hits on YouTube, Cap, you should look it up."
Peter looks up and shakes his head vigorously. "If Harry knew anything, he would tell somebody. He's a good person."
, but stupid. But! The process could be replicated, with science!" Tony exclaimed. "Nanites, Steve! Picture this: I'm walking along, minding my own business when out of nowhere - BAM! An AIM agent with a giant gun.
"These 'tourists' sound weak and pathetic. On my planet such a display would be cheered on in front of thousands," Drax declared, and then, seemingly making up his mind, stood. "I am going to play. Take many pictures, Khan. This 'In-sta-gram' of yours
Tony is geared up before Natasha finishes explaining and on the roof second only to Vision. A woman in a strange but familiar looking costume stands there, hands on her hips and looking for all the world like the Avengers have kept her waiting.
"I will," he says firmly. He won't let Clint go to jail. He'll get Tony to talk to him. He'll apologize to Natasha, to Rhodey. He'll reunite Wanda with Vision. One foot in front of the other.
"Yes," Tony hisses, turning back to the screen. "Do you get it?" His father, in the dream, pumping that viscous liquid into Barnes while the other Winter Soldiers looked on. All the versions of the formula were gone, except those known by Arnim Zola, a man the US Government had let into SHIELD. A man who used his cover to experiment on Barnes for years and years before he went HAL 9000.
"With all due respect, Director Fury, we had not been told of Zemo's plot and at that point the stakes had grown too dire to simply let Captain Rogers be. The forces being sent after the Avengers who had not signed were also tasked with taking in Sergeant Barnes, and they had orders to shoot on-sight. We felt our comrades were in too great a danger to not take the tasks of detaining them for ourselves."
They all, once again, turn to Rachel, who is watching the proceedings curiously. "What exactly are you asking?" she says. "I'll fight to take down HYDRA any day of the week, but we've been doing that. What's so different now?"
Tony's grin is all teeth and edges. "Oh, you'll get a lot more than that." As if on cue, Natasha slinks into the room, looking barely ruffled by Fury's presence. Clint, not five seconds later looks a bit more shocked and Rhodey, legs half on and assisted by Vision, almost slips.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, and he hoped to God the voice modulator filtered out that breathless quality. He coughed a little, wringing his iron fingers together. “Who else can pull off stars and stripes?” And praise Einstein, was that a smile on Steve Rogers face? Better ruin this while there’s something to ruin, Tony. “And just so you know: this isn’t an apology, okay? I don’t think I was wrong in sending out the Legion. They’re there to help us, and I got permission from Fury to build them.”
Steve flinches imperceptibly at Scott's reminder. "None of us want that, Scott. And I never wanted to take you away from your daughter, I'm sorry that it came to this." Scott looks murderous for a second before he hangs his head low. Wanda places a hand on his shoulder. "But Fury was right. There are places the Avengers can't get to because of the Accords, and he's probably not the only one who's figured that out."
He frowns. "That maybe we should move. For the kids. Do we need to get your ears checked, Tinkerbelle?"
There was even a saying, just for them. Most people only used the first bit, but they all still knew the second. 'Rome wasn't built in a day...
There are notes in there for Tony, Rhodes, Nat, Clint, and Vision. Even some for Spider-Man. But T'Challa is discerning and unlikely to pry if his eyes find something unwanted. "Sure."
“Cell phones now,” Tony corrects, and Steve looks at him dubiously, and they’re off, cataloging the differences, the similarities, and he never thought of using buildings as metaphors - left that up to architects who waxed philosophic about arches and singers who sang uncomfortably intimate songs about their hometowns - but it seems to be working now so he sticks with it.
“S’all we do anyway, wit’ him.” She didn’t have to look at her husband to hear the sneer in his voice but she wouldn’t have Steven waking up to his Da looking down on him with disgust. She stood and spun in one graceless motion, pushing her husband out of Steve’s tiny room and closing the door behind them. It was colder out here in their sparse living room. She longed to be back inside, leaning over the cheerful blue of Steve's blanket, even as the smell of death lingered in the air. Anything was better than here.
, a flower nickname. My man, you are one step away from food nicknames, the ultimate sign of Stark affection!"
. "Do we? We are both very clear that I am here as an Avenger and friend, interested and now concerned about the well-being of my leader, then?"
"Of course," T'Challa replied, as if doing otherwise had never once crossed his mind. It was strangely cheering to see the sort of loyalty Tony was beginning to command. Steve and Tony had never had that, and Steve knows that wasn't all Tony's fault. That kind of bond works both ways and what he had achieved so naturally with Bucky, the Commandos, even Sam he took for granted in others. "I don't imagine he'll be surprised, Captain. He has anticipated this from the beginning."
"You came here because you were scared," she scoffs at him, caustically nonchalant. "You've been stumbling around this place half-blind for two months, we all saw you. You can't bear to be outside a fight, but you're just swinging your fists around. You don't actually care."
"Why is this so important to you?" he asks her, retracting his hardlight shield into its wristband. Rachel aims a confused glance at him.
Kamala's blush intensifies as a small, hopeful grin blooms on her face. "Really? That - well I was thinking, maybe everyone won't like it but since this was my idea they can deal - but I'd really like to go see
The seatbelt light chimes on thirty minutes later, a smooth accented voice informing of them of their imminent arrival in Brussels. "Rhodes!" Tony calls, throwing peanuts at his best friends until his wakes up. "We're almost there. Lock and load, buddy."
"Wha - what are you talking about, how is that even relevant?" Tony cried, climbing to his feet. "Why are you so mad at me? I thought we were past this. The Iron Legion helps us-"
"But you're not full time," Kamala reasons. "The Avengers only have like, three colors! Black, gold, and red. They need some variety!"
Fury sits him down thirty minutes before the debrief looking more tired than Steve has ever seen him, and Steve has seen him one foot in the grave. Its 0747 hours and Steve didn't sleep at all last night. By the way Fury grimaces, it shows.
“You know why I told you that?” he will say out of nowhere, and I will hum noncommittally. “Because I was hoping you would say exactly what you did.”
Steve leans back against the wall, gauging her face. As sweet as Tandy is, and she is his favorite of his three new teammates, she's been an agent for a long time. She was blind for three years. She probably has the meanest poker face this side of the Black Widow. "In your file," he says, a bit hesistant. "I saw your handler's report..."
"You remember me?" he asks, and Barnes looks up at him with worn grey eyes sunk deep inside a tired face.
"He'll never get better that way," Howard scoffs. "I could have built him again, out of that tiny little piece. I could've gotten him back." Suddenly the body on the table is no longer Barnes, and Tony's hand isn't in someone's head, moved down to be buried inside a broad chest.
Alright, so I'm never going to be a fan of Clint Barton but just so it's clear: Clint is fucking terrified right now. Also, I know in a lot of stories Bruce is understand of Tony's position but like - Bruce is a really angry person and Tony did put too much trust in Ross. That's gonna take some time.
Daredevil gets his chain hooked around the glider and he and Tony pull, sending it crashing to the ground, but Greenie's not done. He dismounts and swats down Daredevil's flying leap like swatting a fly, leaving himself open for a repulsor blast to the side and an iron fist to the face. Tony pushes off while he's still disoriented, keeping his distance and containing him with repulsor blasts until Daredevil is back in the fray to distract him.
There are six more like that, all making sure that if Hope screws up the government can't take her suit. And here:
"Oh, sister," Aamir says, sounding frustrated. "How many times have you told me your intention to be a super-hero? Accept Mr. Hawkeye's help!"
God, he still caught flashes of it in her face; that same look she had when the doctors handed Anthony Edward Stark over to his mother for the first time since the birth and she saw the boy's bare wrists. Not even the ghost of a smudge. He couldn't count how many times his wife had told him that having his name on her wrist throughout the war helped her keep going, and now she was handed a blank slate. To her, the lack of a soulmate meant the lack of a future. He'd never seen that kind of despair on his soulmate's face and he never wanted to see it again, but Tony would prove to make a it a habit of his to disappoint Howard.
She sends him more, over the next few days, the embellishments to his drawings and words. Some are funny, like when Clint warped his drawing of a panther in motion to the Hulk riding a kitten. Some make him angry, like the few times someone will just write 'NO.' under one of his suggestions. Some make him sad, like the drawing he made of Tony back when they first met that Tony has viciously scribbled out the arc reactor from, leaving the smirking, bright-eyed man in the drawing with a dark hole in his chest.
It had been three weeks since Steve Rogers’ arrival at Avengers Academy. Three weeks since he and Tony Stark had first met. Three weeks of
What's one more day, though? There's a whole endless stretch of time out in front of him. Steve has time. Steve has nothing but time. He'll wait here, until its better. He'll be better. Tomorrow.
He reaches out with a shaking hand and takes the Accords. "For the team, then, highness," he breathes out, aiming for something light. "And world peace."
"Now we have, and it's not perfect, but," Tony tells her with a smile turned sad at the corners. "I'd like to think that every time we gain a little more trust. Every time we prove ourselves a bit more capable. I won't - I don't want anyone to walk all over us, I never want to see my teammates in another jail cell for the rest of my life, but I'd make the same decision I made back then again, even if I knew what would happen later. Because I am
"You made me one of these?" Steve asked as he sat. It felt like sitting on a particularly firm cloud.
Peter peeks at him out of the corner of his eyes, a mollified tilt to his frown. "Well. You're welcome, obviously." They sit in silence, Tony waiting for Peter to list more grievances and exact more apologies out of Tony until he realizes that he is talking to a teenage boy. A stubborn, super-powered teenager boy whose feelings are very hurt. Dear God, he's being given the silent treatment. He almost laughs.
There was blood on her pearls. It was the first thing he saw when they peeled back the sheet in the morgue, and he had fixated on it. His mother had always been so neat. When they'd handed him the personal effects he spent the whole night cleaning them, then laid them in one of the trays of his mother's jewelry back, all fixed up for when she got back on Monday.
and then- and then he thinks of Bucky, of his team; people that he's led, because they chose to follow. They had found something worthy within him, and maybe that had been diminished, but he won't let it be destroyed. He won't let it be taken from him.
He suspected Tony had asked for it himself, but he could never quite bear to broach the topic with Jarvis, let alone Tony. Hell, he hadn't had a conversation with Tony in years. He'd never much liked kids, but he especially wasn't fond of those that stared at him with eyes just a bit too sharp, just a bit too judgmental for someone that couldn't manage what 99% of the population had. Maria still tried, somehow. She was always stronger than he had been. But it was breaking her heart, a little more everyday, to stare at the little person she had helped make and know that there was nothing inside him.
Tony smiles tightly as Vision tilts his head curiously in his direction. "This letter seems private. May I ask why you decided to share it with us?"
Natasha says nothing, waiting Clint out as he settles back into his chair. "You know Steve keeps that phone with him all the time?" he tells Tony, his tone deceptively light. "Sam and I have tried to steal it a few times but he never lets it out of his sight. He's been waiting for you to call, for you to tell him that we can come home, that you finally did good for once and fixed the mess you got us in but it's never coming, is it, Tony?"
"How do you think?" Steve can barely make a picture out of the dots he's already connected in his head before Bucky continues. "Tony Stark."
"And we've all seen how good you are at that." Bruce's shadows are distorted from the streetlight slanting in through the windows. It feels like there are hundreds of him in here with just one Tony.
"This," he says, scrambling at his holographic keypads. T'Challa says his name once, twice, with increasing urgency. "FRIDAY, throw up the formula that we found."
"Yeah, you know. I built bombs, I killed thousands, I built Ultron and killed hundreds, I outfitted the Avengers and they killed dozens and I mean, golly, my kill-count's going down I guess, but
Tony slowly turns himself upright to face War Machine and gestures downwards. They descend about twenty feet and then Iron Man stops, Rhodey halting a yard below him. Tony flips up the faceplate and breathes as deep as he can. It's dangerous for him, with his reduced lung capacity, to be exposed at these kind of altitudes without the suit's very filtered oxygen, but the cold autumn air feels amazing on his face.
Natasha snorts. "Good thing this isn't about you, or him, right? This is a threat to the world and we need the best minds working on. We need better than 'as near as I can tell,' Tony. And Rhodes told me you went to Tiberius Stone when you know Pepper would have dropped everything in a heartbeat to help you ream him out. And this mysterious favor you're going to call in, I bet you're going to do that all by yourself as well."
'Cloak' winks at him. "'Til next time, Captain." And then he is gone is a swirl of darkness, leaving the phone in Steve's hands.
Tony and Natasha both flinch, hard, and a miserable look of glee flits across Clint's face. No, none of this, Tony decides. Natasha Romanov was brave enough to hold his hand in the hallway not ten minutes ago and Clint Barton is not going to ruin that. "You wanna read the report that Commander Garneau's going to write up, Barton? I can already tell you that he'll commend Agent Romanov for saving more lives than a whole squadron of his soldiers." Natasha looks at him, surprised, and Tony shrugs. "He really hated admitting that to me, by the way.
Tony stares blankly at him for a long moment, processing. Kamala catches at his mind worriedly but he doesn't want to disrupt the girl if she's having trouble and Donald looks as anxious as Tony's ever seen him. "You haven't gone under in, what, a week now?"
"We have to find the heart," he agrees. There is Vision, in the distance, holding another body. It looks small. This makes seven, now. "And cut it out. And we will. But first we've got to find the damn thing, and that's...harder than I thought it'd be. I've been - I've been so focused on the Terrigenesis, fixing it, curing it, when I should have been-"
Kamala Khan wakes up once. It isn't pretty. Her genetic structure is dangerously unstable and it's all Tony can do to get her to meet his eyes while she screams and screams as her limbs start to stretch.
The kids are already in the kitchen, crowded around the island with the Barton children in between while Clint and Laura dole out sandwiches at super-speed. "Nat still in with Hope?"
"I know. Hell, y'all have a robot and last I heard little brother paralyzed his own teammate mooning after the little Witch." Fury's gaze has gone steely as he watches the anger build in Steve's already hyper-tense frame, his eye roving Steve's face like he's looking for something and just not finding it. "I have never claimed to be on the side of righteousness; I leave that up to people like you, Captain. I work with what I got and as long as I keep getting results, I'm happy. HYDRA's got their eye on Stark and his gang, watching their every move, and that's exactly what I wanted."
"I'd have to speak to the whole team," Tony says slowly. "And unfortunately Ms. van Dyne won't be at the compound until Thursday. But we'll be sure to let you know. If I could be so bold," he says on the next breath. "As to borrow Agent Carter for a moment?"
"Ellis has me everywhere these days," the general says mildly, taking the time to shake everyone's hands over the partition. "Agent Carter, you've met Colonel Rhodes and Mr. Stark before, but this lovely woman is-"
They didn't protect him before. You didn't see what the Raft was like. I'll turn myself in in exchange for Clint.
Tony doesn't really have a problem with that, considering he was only eighty five percent sure Scott Lang was the guy's actual name, but he cranes his body so he can look around Hope van Dyne to Vision. "I didn't hear a deal in there, did you, Viz?"
They made mistakes and Tony will obsess over them later, watch the footage FRIDAY has saved until he can see it when he closes his eyes. But they can fix this. They can make this work.
Tony thanks her and ends the call. "Any messages from Hope?" he asks FRIDAY. Their erstwhile Wasp has been absent for the past two weeks, accompanying Scott Lang back home to California where he's staying with Hank Pym. The Ant-Man was nice enough to send Tony a nervous-sounding voicemail, thanking him for all he'd done getting him back to his daughter, but Tony hadn't responded, not sure what he could say beyond the anger and guilt. Lang should have never been there in the first place, never left his daughter, but he certainly didn't deserve two and a half weeks in the Raft.
"Someone has been busy," Madame Hydra notes as her eyes light on the data. She reaches out with one finger and scrolls. "Someone very clever indeed. I'm sure my former associates are delighted about that. They have been vindicated after all."
"It wasn't all bad, though," she reminds him, as if reading his mind, and Tony smiles half-heartedly for a moment. In the wake of Captain Stacy's statement and the city of New York's general enthusiasm for the Avengers' aid, the United States - with a serious helping hand from Wakanda - is now pushing hard for the Avengers' actions while in their home country to be governed by their laws and for the council to only be allowed sway over international waters. It's a brilliant, obvious solution to homegrown threats that Tony is kicking himself for not thinking of earlier, and it was Steve's idea. This is why Tony wanted him with him all along.
FRIDAY's voice cuts through his panicked beating and Tony struggles in to take in and keep enough air to answer her. The beeping has stopped, he realizes dimly.
Madame Hydra draws away from him. "They whispered behind my back; I heard them every corner. They called her a failure, weak, and I even more so, but it was them, Captain. The fault lay
“And looking back now, I can see so many times where Dad tried to help her, or Jarvis. But see, when I was little? I didn’t want her to stop.” Tony suddenly seems very sober, staring down at his drink. “I would bring her drinks in the afternoon. Got my first sip from her.
"I knew in there," Tony cuts him off harshly, hoarsely, pointing up. "I didn't know before the fighting."
"My condolences," Tony snarks tiredly before falling into silence, letting them both read through them, pleased to see that he made the right move getting Daredevil's in braille. "I don't need a yes right away - I don't even need a yes - but you both should know all your options. I'll work with you as best I can to make sure you can still help people, but if you don't sign and you don't retire, if you create a mess the public can't ignore, you will be hunted down."
“Tony,” Big Steve said softly, and Tony shut up, finally daring to look up into those eyes again. “Your Steve, has he been out long? Of… of the ice, or wherever he was.”
“Of course you did. You’ve always been brilliant,” Big Steve said, sending a smile Tony’s way, and something warm unfurled in Tony’s chest. Slowly, though, Steve’s smile faded. “Tony…how old are you?”
"So I began to speak out, and when they turned away from me, many others who saw the fragility of their vision came with me. What you see as murder I see as both warning and guidance. HYDRA was traveling a dead-end path. I would find the better one, through you. I would bring us back to our full glory."
"Hey," she says softly, smiling. "Calling you out is the best way to break you out of your funk. It's super spy proven. But it's okay if you've got doubts, Tony. I'd be scared if you didn't. What is that charming expression you Americans use to get out of everything - 'you're only human?' That's you, Shellhead."
"Five AM. And I believe Agent Romanov has it well in hand for now. Laura Barton is looking for you, however."
"I don't want you going in," Donnie says roughly, looking down at him. "I don't want you there, okay?"
"Who else?" James Barnes' asks rhetorically, trying and failing to sound supremely unperturbed. Tony's glad he's not the only one. "Thought you weren't going to pick up for a second." Tony is silent, still stuck in time one minute ago, when this was all just a possibility. "Listen, I'll cut to the chase: you still got a space for me over there?"
There are still moments in the day when he utterly loathes her, moments when their eyes meet and it's like two strangers meeting for the first time. Tony and Natasha never really knew each at all, but since the war they are both brand new people, broken open and reassembling.
"The council is not you, Tony," T'Challa says. "And you are not yourself around them. Stop deflecting and tell me." When Tony remains silent over the next few moments T'Challa sighs and comes to a stop, turning to Tony. "My first and only duty will always be to Wakanda, but when I am away and something happens to my team, I cannot help but feel guilt that I could not help. It helps a great deal to have your words and opinions on how the battle fared. Please, Tony."
my tech. Where do you think the armor comes from, or Sam's wings, or Natasha's Bites, or those robots that you're more than happy to use for target practice when it suits you? And you - you were just telling me how amazing this suit is. Well,
He endures the attack, his AI a comforting presence in his ear as she tells him odd stories from around the world. She has a particular fondness for Florida Man, and by the time she is through telling him about the poor soul who killed his imaginary friend, Tony's breathing is back to normal. "Thanks, girl."
Tony barely gets out a hello when Steve hefts something up onto the lab table and almost reverently puts it down, stepping back and looking at Tony expectantly. It’s one of his old suitcase armors, the only armor left now. It must have gotten lost in Steve’s stuff ages ago, and it’s caked with dust and grease.
Steve glared mulishly at the rough cotton of Bucky's jacket, ducking away from Bucky's hand. "I couldn't let him get away with it, Buck! You shoulda heard the way he talked about Arnie. Just because his mark hasn't filled all in yet - well everyone knows some people are late bloomers."
"I'm flattered," Steve says flatly as he takes one step to the side, trying to get around her at least a little. "But you're not my type."
Tony blurts, "he kept talking about a doctor. A doctor coming from the glow, from beyond. You ever heard of anything like that?"
"It's fine," he repeats, laying his hand on her shoulder with a smile. "And I'm willing to bet Bucky appreciates it - he's always been a soft touch for a pretty girl. But it's still his mind, Wanda, and right now he can't say no, you see?"
Tony leaned the rest of the way with a grin, kissing him so hard Steven tasted blood through the sweet taste of relief. Anthony was alive, and would remain so. The day was victorious. They were heroes all. Outside there was a sudden call for the whiskey casks to be broken open. The celebrations would begin soon.
Steve didn't point out that the Accords also allowed the council to put their foot down in certain situations and order the Avengers to operate, though T'Challa's has worked around that in his contract while Hope van Dyne has not. The Accords are rapidly shaping the Avengers up as some kind of military force under the council, establishing a chain of command, and while Steve could appreciate that this has some benefits it still makes him uneasy. The Avengers shouldn't be used as a puppet army for the United Nations. Tony, Natasha, the other Avengers, and himself - these are people he could trust. Everyone else is a potential threat; SHIELD and the World Security Council proved that.
"As near as I can tell from the files we pulled, Terrigenesis is based off of the bastardized Super Soldier serum originally manufactured for the Red Skull," Tony relays to Natasha as they watch through the windows while Hope works on her flight, dodging Clint's blunted arrows. On the far side of the room Rhodey, Vision, and Spider-Man are working through some combo moves. Turns out Rhodey's shoulder gun is a great place for Spidey to hang his web; the two have managed to run circles around Vision for the past thirty minutes. "The kid should be on bedrest."
"You seem to know a lot about me and my team," Steve replies evenly. "I only aimed to level the playing field. Ophelia Sarkissian-"
"Brother," Shuri says into a headset in Wakandan. It's probably supremely impolite to not tell her that he can understand the basics of what she's saying, FRIDAY a helpful little buzz in his ear, but he takes his advantages where he can get them. "Come pick up your cargo. It is shaking. I mislike it."
"I also have minor short-term precognition," Peter says. When the tables stares at him, he hunches a little. "I call it my Spidey Sense."
"How do even know this was this Fury?" Wanda asks. "This man, Cloak, he has been here for weeks, watching us. He knows us. He knows
"Tony, you're just a man," Steve told him. "A brilliant one, but even you can't see the future. All you can do is leave your time in a better place then when you arrived. You can still do that. He gave you time; don't waste it on guilt."
Tony tries to smooth out his sneer into something normal, something not so bitter. Tries not to show Yinsen’s body going slack or the dark of space or the ripples of water as he drowned over and over in his face. “I mean. Useful, right? It’s useful. Plans, schematics, there at the back of your mind forever, but sometimes. Not so good.”
He had been so sure MIT would accept him. So sure that they would see the value of his mind, that they would help prove himself to his parents. Now, with this rejection letter, he was left with nothing, once again.
"Until he gets better," Tony says and another flash, a red and gold fist flying at terrified blue eyes.
There's only a few pages filled, likely why it was left behind, and most of them are tiny miniatures of Wanda, Sam, or Clint. There's a few of Bucky, one of him in his cryo chamber that Steve had begun to scribble out, one of him that resembles photos Tony has seen of Sergeant James Barnes, a few that are of him as he is now. None of them resemble the man that Tony saw today.
The building sense of awe in the face of an engineering masterpiece instantly deflated, and upon further inspection, his friends could see that the suit was also more than a little quirky, with odd clawed feet, a strangely-shaped faceplate that reminded more than one of a hockey mask, and a bright, ostentatious starburst design around the arc reactor.
"It wasn't my fault. There's nothing else I could've done." Peter looks up, fear in his eyes, and Tony thinks nothing's gotten through to him until he keeps speaking. "Harry wouldn't forgive me, though. If he knew that I was Spider-Man, that I helped lock his dad away. He wouldn't, not ever."
"But, I guess I'd have to get used to that, huh?" Kamala asks dully. "If I ever...became an Avenger. Double checking everything I do, looking over my shoulder. People would always - because of who I am, you know."
"Okay, yeah, no, you're not my dad," Peter agrees, laughing at the expression on Tony's face. "But you sounded exactly like my Uncle Ben just then. It was trippy."
Tony is a bit more delicate. "Think of it this way, Councilor, Ross let three Avengers and some guy escape from the Raft. The Initiative hasn't lost a single prisoner...the fact that we've never had one is irrelevant. Clint Barton has the right to a fair trial. My lawyers are prepping him already. In the mean time, we'll keep him close."
much here. He’d never even gone to college in his time, too poor and then fighting, and now he was thrust into science classes whose
"-to Dr. Banner's phone," Tony finishes, giving Rhodey a look. They'll talk later. "That's Cap's number. He told me to call him if I ever needed him. So now you have it. If you think he's needed, call it."
Sometimes, that’s what the Avengers feel like to him. This group that he’s supposed to wrangle together and make into Earth’s mightiest heroes, that fights together like a well-oiled machine, like Fury’s perfect puzzle, and then goes home and separates. Broken, he thinks. Clarifies
Listen to you. Does Wakanda have giant panthers that eat anyone who tries to cross the border with bad intentions?"
"Carol," Rhodey butts in, almost sounding embarrassed. Danvers finally lets go of Tony with a nod, sitting back down beside him.
He looks around and it's all so unfamiliar. For a moment Steve feels utterly lost and untethered. For a moment he can't comprehend what he's looking at, or how he got here, or what he's doing here-
“Oh, good, you’re finally here.” Steven looked to the side. Lady Natasha, Merlin’s own bodyguard, was doing the closest thing to smiling Steve had ever seen on her lovely face. “I half expect Anthony to make a break for it at any moment. Perhaps your presence will dissuade him. Ah, Sir Barnes, you survived.”
"Because I'm not Fury. I'm not asking you to just fight HYDRA, no questions asked," Steve says. "I'm asking you to fight
T'Challa looks a bit startled and shakes his head. "Not at all." And it's like the air is suddenly lighter. Tony breathes in deep. "Simply an appreciation."
Steve was on his own here. “Hello,” he started, and almost rolled his eyes at how lame it sounded. But what else could he say. “I don’t know who you are, but this is the Avengers Academy in New York City. I’m Captain America. Get on your feet and put your hands in the air...please.”
"You don't know that, and you won't, unless you tell him. And if you do, take my advice: give him time. Perspective can be-" A flash of Barnes in his mind, on the other side of the glass and looking back. "Therapeutic."
"Don't," Natasha says with no bite. "Rhodes is really happy." When he doesn't respond or look up, Natasha sighs and curls a little closer to him, making no more contact than that one hand but very
"Your team is more than welcome to come. As for the Winter Soldier, SHIELD has experience dealing with victims of HYDRA. We can help. Or, should you choose to let him stay with King T'Challa, you'll find your way back here anytime you wish."
Aamir looks down at his sister, watching her expression, and placing a hand on her shoulder. "Come now, sister," he tells her. "To me, an outsider, this makes good sense. If you become an Avenger, people are putting their lives in your hand. You owe it to them to be the most prepared you can be. And I - I would be extremely grateful if you would do this for me, Kamala. I can't stop you from doing what you think is right, but I want to know you're not being reckless. That you are safe."
Tony waves a hand. "Blades took out one of mini-reactors. It's fine. Spidey here could probably use a lift, and Luke over there."
Indeed by the time they make it back to the compound the next day, news has spread fast that Secretary Ross has quietly resigned from his post, leaving President Ellis scrambling for a replacement.
“Oh, Anthony,” Maria sighed. “We never blamed you. You need not get yourself killed to make Arthur proud. A finer heir could not be asked for.”
Because it wasn’t about Bucky then, and it isn’t about Bucky now, and Tony understands how he might have given that impression what with trying to kill the man, and that’s on him, but he hates that after all this time, Bucky is still the only thing Steve can see. He hates that Bucky was the only thing Steve chose to hang onto. He hates that he was sacrificed on the altar of Bucky Barnes, but he gets it. If it was Rhodey he would have done the same thing, which is why psychiatric help for Barnes was the first thing he offered Steve when he could. Bucky isn’t the problem here.
"Sir, none of us are on the field," Rhodey says, keeping his voice calm and even. "We are still in Libyan airspace. Can you clarify?"
"Thanks for stopping by," Rhodey adds flatly. Ross looks in between the three of them and smirks a little before turning back to Tony.
Steve had confessed to them what had happened, tried to explain in the simplest, most clinical way he could. Zemo had lured them to the base, shot the Soldiers, and played the video in the hopes it would turn Tony against Bucky. Steve had revealed to Tony he'd known for two years and Tony attacked. Steve disabled the suit and dragged Bucky out into the snow where T'Challa was waiting.
Bucky, of course, doesn't reply, but Steve can still hear his reply loud and clear. He'd say stop feeling sorry for yourself, Punk, you did the best you could.
"Agreed. Alright, Sergeant Barnes," Tony says, drawing himself up. Natasha is still frozen by the door, but there is a hopeful little smile on her face. It galvanizes him. "Let's make you a free man."
"I'll do it," Tony answers, heading for the door. "You staying the night, Wakanda?" The Panther nods and Tony leaves him to his devices, heading upstairs. Maybe the world won't be so bleak for Kamala after all.
She untangles herself from him, shaking her head. "No, it's a good plan, Tony. I just wasn't expecting it of you. You want me to find the files Zemo cracked?" Tony nods. "Give me two weeks. T'Challa can get me in to see Zemo, right?"
" Steve said, nearly shouting by the end of it. Tony reared back a little, looking confused. "And everything else, as well - you're talking about taking the fight to the villains, but that's not what we do, Tony. That's not our job, we're here to protect people."
But Bucky, ignoring him, continued blithely on. "Yeah, for the other. Oh! Or maybe we fight for our country, like Brutus and Caesar, defending the Empire."
Tony bites the inside of his cheek until it hurts, but on the outside he simply raises his hand and says "It's your show, Gill."
"I have already been down the hardest path," Aamir says, his eyes growing very bright for a moment before he pulls himself together. "I used to do everything for myself. Perhaps that's why I failed. But now I will do it for her. For my parents'."
"Captain," Sam prompts. "Orders?" He has stepped farther away than any of them, holding himself back or holding himself close or both, Steve doesn't know anymore.
"What he didn't get to tell you is that Tony got in between that gun and Janet," Rhodes said. "Janet doesn't
"Rogue?" Rhodey asks, leaning forward. Natasha nods, and pushes her phone to the center of the table before pressing play on the media app displayed on screen. They listen in complete silence first through Fury's interrogation, then through Steve's, though the latter could only in the vaguest terms be deemed an interrogation. It's much more of a conversation, and hats off to Steve Rogers: it works a sight better than anything Fury could have pulled on this woman.
“Please stop talking,” Steve says, and Tony laughs because they’re both so shit at this. “It wasn’t - you didn’t do anything. It was all me.”
He turns to Fury, glancing to make sure Sam is ready, and after his partner says his goodbyes to T'Challa, they step forward into the darkness, Steve looking over his shoulder for one last look at Wanda, one last prayer for Bucky, before he slips through darkness for a long disorienting moment. "Keep walking," Cloaks warns, and Steve takes a step forward, stumbling just a bit when his first step meets nothing. The next meets hard concrete, and the darkness is gone.
"Nope, you're not fun, Johnson! That's one of Tandy's qualities. You two! Madame HYDRA is not just going to sit around while you chit chat, let's go!"
In the end, he heads back out with Jessica Jones to help the firefighters, which Jessica says is ostensibly to build up good PR for her now that she's thrown herself into this Accords business. When its over he stays by her side while she flies shakily to the roof and they sit up there eating congratulatory donuts.
"Rulk!" Pepper screeched, standing up. Though she was plenty intimidating without, she cut an imposing figure in her new Rescue armor.
He's been staring at the container that houses the vial of James Barnes' blood for a good hour now and has not made one solitary move to open it and get started on the many analyses that need to be run. He doesn't want to know, to be honest. Barnes' serum - there's no doubt that it was Zola's own permutation, there's no other explanation. But as to how HYDRA could have replicated it,
"And, Tony," she says, cupping his face in her palm. "I would never, ever put you through that. You're a good man, Tony Stark, and you deserve someone who'll love you through everything. I'm sorry I wasn't that person." Her eyes flicker down and the spark fades away and Tony is such an ass, such an all-consuming jackass of the highest order to have not seen that look of disappointment in Pepper's eyes for what it was. For whom it was.
He laughs without humor, lets his hands relax from the fists he didn't realize he was clenching tight. "I'm holding you to that."
FRIDAY says softly, and Tony exhales painfully, not even realizing he'd been holding his breath. Donnie is only a few steps ahead of him, loudly reciting some of
"I want to build a future for all of us, and that means we have to live to see it!" Tony said. He took a deep gasping breath and visibly tried to calm down. "I'm not talking about anything bad. I just want us to be stronger. You - you're blowing this way out of proportion, Steve -"
Sam looked hopeful. Not for Captain America, not the way those kids looked at him, but for his buddy Steve. “Yeah,” he answered. “I’ll stick around.” He even managed to remember to hit the fist Sam held out with his own as he walked past him to get to Tony.
The glider retreats back into the building and Tony watches in horror as he emerges with another person, a male in a labcoat. They exchange words before he, too, is dropped, and Tony bursts into action.
For Big Steve had stuck his hand right into the fog, and was inching forward. “I think this was just a temporary reprieve, Shellhead,” he called over his shoulder. “It’s time for me to go back.”
"Except there wasn't anything to save, huh. Zemo was fucking with all of us and we fell for it. We fought the Avengers and now we're here in Wakanda and I've missed three parole meetings." The man takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Look, I say no. No more going behind anyone's back. This Fury guy, who knows if we can trust him? If you do this, Cap, don't think for a second that the UN won't send the Avengers after you again. Don't tell me you want a repeat of Leipzig. Or Siberia."
"I assure you, General, it was not so much them slipping as them breaking my fingers," Tony says blithely. "Former Agent Barton will not get the same opportunity again and he will remain here under arrest. You have my word."
"Thank you, FRIDAY. You do not have to be all one thing or the other, Tony. As for Sergeant Barnes," Vision hesitates. "I'm afraid I have no sage advice on that subject. I know that you were in pain and I cannot understand what that does to humans but I know how deeply it affected Wanda. So I only can guess as to how deeply it wounded you."
Howard and Maria exchange a look and his father meets Tony's eyes in the rearview mirror. "It's your dream, kid. You asking me, or you asking you?" Which was honestly such a Howard thing to say; Tony hates him all over again. The car turns and the city gives way to trees and undergrowth. Behind them, Tony hears a bike revving.
"Well," Obie chortled, breaking Howard out of his thoughts. "I have always been the carrot to your stick, old boy, haven't I? Besides, we can't really blame the boy for being born defective. Poor luck of the draw, I say. But if anyone can overcome it, it'll be a Stark."
, Tony realizes. Every single one of the one hundred and thirty eight seconds Tony has been in this room Barnes has been fighting with all his might against instincts others have carved into him.
"Good job, Ms. Khan," Tony says, finally sitting up. The mini reactors have kicked in and his suit is back to functioning even if his ears are still ringing.
"Whatever happens, whatever we find, it isn't your fault." Bruce's hand is heavy on his shoulder. "You're not your father, Tony. You proved that six years ago."
There comes a fight where Tony lands in front of him, repulsors up, and Steve doesn’t think for a moment, just puts the shield up and redirects the blasts to the enemies around him like they did their very first battle. When the area is clear and he lowers the shield, Tony’s faceplate is up and the man inside the armor is staring at him with something akin to wonder.
He’s glad he never told Tony he loved him and he’s glad he never heard Tony say it back. And that’s so cheap, that’s all surface, because Steve knows the truth and it is damn near time he stopped lying to himself. He loved Tony, and Tony loved him, and that’s how they broke each other.
Back then, it had been a struggle for both of them to keep their distance from one another. Back then, Tony's entire chest had been covered in a plaster while what was left of his bones settled. There were brand new stitches from where Helen Cho had cut him open and replaced the broken fiberglass sternum.
"They don't," Tony says, eyes on Rhodey. "The Armed Forces are free to call us at anytime; the United States was nice enough to hand those decisions over to them for the time being. We're also free to say no."
Barnes' eyes widen a little, recognition and acknowledgment, before he twitches in an approximation of a shrug. "The floor for me. Wasn't used to anything but."
Tony/Tiberius is the worst of the worst, guys. Also, since I know someone will ask me, YES. Steve will get his day in the sun next chapter and finally talk to someone.
"Then you misunderstood. I left because they were foolish, and blind to it. I intended to show the way back, to
"Look," she sneers. "It's just insulting, you know? My actions had nothing to do with you. I did what I did because I wanted to do it. So I better not hear about your prostrating yourself in front of Fury begging for mercy for me."
They move back into the Tower, where it’s easier to be on call for any major attacks. He finds Tony out on the balcony late one night, sitting against the railing, his legs poking through the slats. Steve joins him and they smile at each other, silently reminiscing.
His hand is on the doorknob when he pauses and dares to look back. Barnes is watching him, the ghost of that smile still lingering. "Hey," Tony begins, and his voice cracks. "Don't let their ghosts hang around your head, alright, Barnes? My parents deserve to rest."
And the universe refuses. The terrible things that have happened to Steve and Bucky don't change. Peggy and his old life go and
"We doing this?" Steve grumbles. Sam just flicks his foot sharp against Steve's calf and Steve deflates. "Yeah. Yeah, it's hard. You okay?"
"It's not so much advice, really." He turns so he faces into the room with her, and they watch Madame Hydra's monitor beep steadily. "Just an ugly truth. There are things you can't change. And you have to live with them. No matter what you do to her, nothing is going to change what happened to your friends. Or you, Diamondback." He sees her hands clench into fists in the corner of his eyes and lowers his head. "I'm sorry."
“Besides. I ain’t say nothin’ that wasn’t true, do I?” He was more present for a moment, staring at the door like he could see through it to his son within. “‘S torture, it is. Watching him suffer.”
Peter huffs a breath and then, a long moment later, pokes Tony in the side. Tony looks over and raises an eyebrow and Peter rolls his eyes. "You realize you're totally trying to parent me, right?"
“She got better. She didn’t have to be drunk to smile or be happy. And she still loved me just the same, even though if she was sitting here with us right now, she would tell you - I was her trauma. I ruined her life.”
Steve hangs his head. "Which, I guess happened anyway, huh? Where was Captain America when the world needed him? Hiding out in the jungle from his friends. I still, I can't believe that they did that. I know Tony thought he was protecting us, but Tony always thinks that and half the time we end up in worse shape than when we started; look at Ultron. Tony and his best intentions and what do we get? A killer indestructible robot. How was I supposed to trust him?"
Now they are both healed as best as they can be but they still share a suite. It is there Kamala Khan finds them, drinking hot chocolate that Lila Barton, the utter sweetheart, is wandering around the compound handing out to the various Avengers.
He turns to Tony when he is done speaking, an almost self-deprecating smile on his face that Tony has never seen before. "You're not actually real, are you?" Tony accuses, and the man laughs. For good measure, he reaches out and pokes T'Challa, just to be sure. "You're actually made of fairy dust and unicorns."
James merely rolled his eye, walking forward to drag Steven into him and under his arm like they had done since they were children and more. Of course, Steve used to fit quite neatly there, before the wizard Erskine gave him the Draught of Rebirth. Now, James had to reach, but that had never deterred his old friend.
Tony stares at the table, shrugs. "He did bad things, suffered bad consequences. That part's easy. The why of it all..."
is the sample taken from the fake Terrigen bomb. And this - this is Kamala's blood, pre- and post-stabilization. There are...significant similarities. Well within parameters. But..." Bruce trails off, and Tony can't look at him, can't look away at his father's enduring legacy.
“I didn’t feel right without it,” Steve says, and though the subject is the same the change in tone still seems abrupt. “Like part of me was missing, too. I - thank you for saving it, Tony, really.”
"Can it, Rogers. You've had enough time in Wakanda to lick your wounds, now its time to get back to the fight. The world doesn't wait for Captain America to make up his damn mind. There are missions the Avengers can't do, countries that won't let them in. You ready to go to work, son?"
T'Challa comes and finds him when he is back up on his feet, his clothes back in order, and if the timing is suspicious neither of them are going to say anything. Instead T'Challa gallantly offers an arm, and promises to impress him with the sights of Wakanda tonight. The buzzing of his brain doesn't quiet, never quiets, but his hands eventually do stop shaking.
He rounded the corner, heading towards Club A to maybe shoot a few rounds of pool and lose a staring contest with the robot bartender when the Time Fog rippled. There was no better word for it. A sound began to emanate from its depths, sounding uncannily like wheels of a train racing along a track. Steve rushed forward, shield raised, but just as soon as it had begun, it faded. The night was quiet.
-who had gone very pale, and very remote.  Sam was at his side now, Natasha placed firmly in the middle, and it seemed very quiet now that they weren’t yelling.
Tony flicks the series of numbers off his Starkpad and points imposingly at Pepper. "You do that again and I'm having FRIDAY cut off your access."
Tony. Why am I getting emails from a very aggrieved personal assistant at OsCorp asking me to intervene in the, and I quote, 'mercenary soliciting from Mr. Stark that would make telemarketers cream their pants'?
Her eyes go wide, mouth thinning to a pale pink line. "It isn't up to me, or you. It should be his choice. You can't control him."
He's on his feet, chair pushed away, before the thought finishes, fixing sleeves and fastening buttons, pulling his armor around him as he looks straight at Barnes' forehead. "Whenever you're ready then."
"Thank you, T'Challa," Steve manages. "Can we have a moment?" The king narrows his eyes minutely but bows out of the room. Steve takes a deep breath, reaches into his pocket, and throws Fury's phone on top of the Accords Sam is looking through. Sam jumps, eyes flicking between the phone and Steve before he realizes the make and model aren't Wakandan.
Tony flops back in his chair, pushing harder at his chest. "Oh god. I'm like a sugar daddy with none of the benefits."
Tony exchanges the briefest of glances with Rhodey. He'd gone to Rhodey first to take this job but the man declined. He wouldn't say why but Tony knew that for all of Rhodey's bluffing the man was still unsteady on his legs.
“Be patient,” Big Steve repeated. Half of his body was already inside. “Thank you,” he said, his smile a bit stronger now, and then his hand released Tony’s, and he was gone.
"Bingo," Rhodes agreed, then rolled his eyes. "Plus a little bit of an inventing high from the alien tech and a dash of nursing his bruised ego: Rocket absolutely schooled his ass at tech. So he got a little crazy. You know how he is. All that being said, Cap? Honestly, I'm glad you said what you did."
something to Tony, and not once did he care. He did it without thinking. It didn't plague him at night, it never stopped him from meeting Tony's eyes. Tony's feelings never once occurred to Steve as something that mattered, and when it finally came to haunt them all he tried to keep lying. It doesn't make Tony feel angry, it makes him feel like nothing. Like he is the dirt beneath Steve's boots, like a truth that belonged to Tony more than anyone else was an inconvenience.
"Tony, I know you trust me," T'Challa tells him when Tony finally summons up the courage to meet his eyes. They are darker than his, darker in the shadows of his camera, but warm. "I know you trust the Widow and the Spider and the Machine. Even the Vision. And they know it, too. The only one who doesn't know is you."
"What's happening is some very bad people out to spread fear through tragedy," Tony responds, voice and eyes as hard as stone. "These are terrorists, folks, and I know on a day like this no one wants to hear this, but you can't let them win. I know you're hurting and I know that right now giving in feels like the simplest thing to do, but I urge you not to. The Avengers will be using every resource available to hunt these cowards down, with the aid of the United Nations. We stand ready to live up to our namesake; we will make those responsible face justice."
But the more he tried, the more it hurt. The more he showed Steve, the more it seemed like Tony was rubbing in his face everything Steve had missed. He was always looking for
Fury shrugs. "Go ahead. You owe him one anyway. His Highness has worked pretty damn hard for these Accords." He raises one eyebrow. "I've read the reports, Tony. I want to hear what happened from you."
Because this is how it is, the two of them: Natasha and Tony have always worked at the same speed, the same frequency. Zero or sixty, no in betweens, never at the same time. She's his second, and by process of elimination, he's hers.
Tony gives up the ghost, looks down at his hands and watches them tremble where they are wrapped tight around his knees.
"Don't start weaving the friendship bracelets just yet, Killer Queen," he says. "This part, this-" He waves at the interface. "This was never in question. If the world is at stake, I know Rogers will be there. For everything else...well, that's what the VI is for. Neutral third party. Keeps the system safe, information organized, and me and Cap from going at each other's throats. Easy-peasy."
, Natasha! AIM and those other guys wouldn't know what hit them. The Avengers could actually put the bad guys away for once instead of just beating them back until the next attack."
"I think my present was a bullseye," Obie said, inordinately pleased. Obie had always liked Tony. It was the one thing in the entire world the man had in common with Edwin Jarvis.
with just a smile and everyone obeyed, and it never seemed to be enough. Tony always had to do more, make more, be more.
"I don't know," Peter breathes out wetly. "I don't know, I don't know, he knocked me through the floor. I can hear people screaming. I can hear him laughing."
Luke gives a bleary thumbs up while Daredevil ducks his head. Jessica looks like she might actually cry. Gwen turns towards Spider-Man, whose eyes are trained on the ground. She ducks a little, trying to catch them with a small, secret smile.
"Tensions were running high and things looked bad, Barton, real bad," Rhodey adds. "Then Barnes goes Winter Soldier and kills half his guards? Forget it. Nobody knew about the brainwashing, nobody knew anything about Zemo, it was just an insane HYDRA ghost and his enabler that, oh yeah, dresses up in the American flag."
Fury's one, very judgmental eye moves between Natasha and Tony before turning on Clint. "You fought on the other side. Would you say Agent Romanov's report is accurate, Agent Barton?"
Spider-Man's on the ground and Tony rises just in time to see Luke intercept one of the small deadly bombs, curling around in so when it explodes he absorbs the impact. He is thrown to the corner of the roof, hitting his head hard and collapsing, still.
"No," Steve says. "Just asking you to join me. Join us." He points towards the data. "The Avengers - the other team - sent us this intel, asking us to track down Madame Hydra's supplier. They think HYDRA might have a mole; I'm thinking they're right. But we have to work together on this, or we all fall. I know that better than most. The Avengers are making the public plays; we fight the battles they can't see. But we do it together. And I can't do that without you." He looks to each of them, Diamondback last.
This chapter went through write after re-write after re-write, and ultimately, I'm still not one hundred percent on it, but it does contain one very important plot movement that I will talk about in the end notes. Thank you all for sticking with me, and here's to getting the next chapter out faster!
"You won't," she assured him, gathering him close again. Tiny arms wrapped around her back and she closed her eyes. "The name doesn't lie, Steve. Anyone ever tries to tell you differently, you remember that."
"And how does keeping your best people in the dark help with that?" Steve asks skeptically. "You've tried this before Fury, with the Tesseract and Project Insight. It always blows up in your face and we have to clean up the mess you've made."
"Strategic retreat," Bruce answers promptly, a sly grin creeping across his face when Tony laughs. It disappears only a moment later as he gestures towards the container. "If you'd like, I can get started on that while you're meeting with the others."
Barnes' eyes move carefully, precisely, two quick flicks, down to Tony's palms splayed against the table, down to where his legs are placed at just the right angle for the quickest getaway, then back up again. "An observation," he finally answers.
Barnes is confused, he can tell even though his facial expression has hardly changed; fair enough, Tony himself can barely tell where he's going with this. "And it started to become this thing. This - safety. All day I had choices, options, things I could do, after months of not being able to do anything and it should have been freeing but-" There is a knowing gleam, almost sympathetic, in Barnes' eyes that Tony can't quite meet. "But I knew, when I went to my room at night, that I would sleep in the bathtub. Because I couldn't sleep in the bed. I didn't have to decide. I knew. If I wanted sleep, bathtub.
"Did I wake you up?" He says muzzily. He's fallen asleep on the couch in the tiny common room that conjoins their two rooms. He wonders if he screamed.
"Can you maintain that?" Steve asks, already turning towards Wanda, acknowledging Cloak's slightly-offended 'yes' with a nod before pulling his youngest teammate into a hug. "I'm going to miss you. Keep the phone on you, alright?" He already has Wanda's new number plugged into the phone that was meant for Tony. "I'll call as soon as I can."
"They told us he was drunk, that's why he crashed the car. Was that SHIELD's doing?" Rhodey is half out of his seat at the edge in Tony's voice and Natasha has shifted incrementally closer. Fury's eye moves once at the movement then back down to Tony before nodding, widening when Tony laughs, high and brittle. "Agent Carter was still in command. My godmother let me think my dad killed my mother."
"No, that's good enough for me," Steve replied. Reluctantly, he let go of Tony's arm and the man took a few stumbling steps back to the Time Fog, his eyes never leaving Steve. He stopped just on the edge, seemingly unable to go further and let Steve disappear. Goodbyes, Steve knew, were always the hardest. "My Tony's got a suit of armor, too, you know."
Tony's whole body locks up in his chair and he gapes ungracefully at the kid for a moment before he remembers how to breathe. "Thanks, Peter."
Bruce's mouth tightens and he reaches forward to take the glass from Tony, swallowing the remaining scotch in one swallow before setting it aside and sitting down beside him. They sit in silence for a very long time and Tony just stares at nothing, trying very hard not to think. His chest hurts; Tony allows himself one dramatic moment to consider his heart might be breaking before letting it pass with nothing more than a sardonic twist of lips.
"No. But you're like my Steve. It could stand to reason that I'm like your Tony. And I know me. I know what's in my blood." Tony's stare went dark and unfocused, the man before Steve drifting somewhere unpleasant. "I'm always too late. Always content to let it burn until I'm the one scorched. He'll let you down. He already has, hasn't he?"
The robot sighs, digitized disappointment. "Ah, it's not much," it remarks. It pokes at a piece of shrapnel and Tony gasps, phantom pain lancing through him. "But I just couldn't stand to see you sit here wasting it any longer. I'm thinking of re-purposing it; maybe I'll even become a real boy. Let it finally do some good. Don't worry, Tony," it says, coming closer again. His heart is still beating. He can hear it all through his head. "You won't miss it. You never have before."
BUT THEY DO EXIST. Can you please just fucking deal with it? You could be here right now, helping Tony and T'challa amend them. Theyre not going away, not with Tony Stark behind them. This is real Steve.
The happiness that surges through him when the board approves his new prosthesis design for public consumption is so unfamiliar that Tony actually mistakes it for a panic attack when it first happens. He lets the board members exit the room and then reaches out.
"Wanda told me Hawkeye and the little big guy had one. Stark told me the UN's just dying to put you and Wilson through the ringer, too. So I don't really suppose they'd scrimp for the infamous assassin. Stark agreed with me."
"No need," Bruce assures him softly. "We'll give you two some time alone. Someone will be by to check on you later."
Tony had his own answer to that - for one, the armor could kick Thor's ass any day of the week, thank you very much. For another, the armor was multi-purpose and could tackle a larger amount of problems than Thor could. He wonders what Steve's thoughts had been, though. It had been Steve's plan, at that base. A perfect plan, actually, disregarding the Maximoffs. It had been - it was a good fight, that day.
It's a disgusting relief, not to be alone. Tony closes his eyes, bumps his forehead to Rhodey's shoulder, and then they resume their circuit around the pool as Donald and Peter begin to engage in literal freeze tag.
"I own 51 percent of the company," Tony counters, eyes going back to the data FRIDAY has been running on the recording of Malik's interrogation. Heart rate suggests he wasn't lying. No sweating, no twitching muscles, just chatting amiably with Agent Mackenzie about the end of the world. For HYDRA, maybe that's just a regular Tuesday. "SI has enough subsidiaries. We're not buying out Oscorp."
Tony would have done it. Iron Man would always be there when things got tough. But this wasn’t the war, and nobody needed to go dying in any trenches when Tony could help.
Sam, Steve realizes too late, has been waiting for him to say something. When he doesn't the other man just sighs, taking the door opposite Steve to head to his rooms. Scott has also had enough, pausing to pat Wanda comfortingly on the knee and heading towards the kitchen. Wanda looks up at Steve and then shuts off the TV, gesturing at the empty space beside her.
plan, Wanda? How are you going to solve all this or save him from another sixty years in an icebox?"
Clint accepts that with all his usual grace - none - and keeps away from Rhodey. Even now, as they all gobble down Laura Barton's pot roast and a thousand talking points shift from minute to minute there is still a line there where the conversations don't cross.
The line fills with static when Fury sighs. "Look, I'm gonna give it to you straight, Cap: you fucked up big time. Now the Avengers are missing their best man and Barton's wearing an ankle monitor. I understand your concerns about the Accords and frankly I don't give a shit. You and Stark should have talked this out like adults instead of blowing up an airport, but I guess that was too much to ask for, huh?"
Against his will Tony's face twists up as he fights back the burning in his eyes. "I have to make this work."
Luke Cage makes Daredevil seem like cake, sneering at Tony before he makes it all the way inside. Tony points at him. "I know that face. That face is not my friend. So I'm gonna do my pitch, leave a huge tip and this giant hunk of paper, then I'm gonna split. Deal?"
"I tried to tell him, dammit. The Accords are tying their hands, getting them tangled up. The police wouldn't have been able to stop a maniac like that in time."
The conversation shifts after that, to Peter and Kamala and their training. Clint's pointing out the weaknesses in Kamala's observations and theories and where she's already grasped the finer points of strategy, telling the others how to work with her whenever they're in training with her. Hope glances Tony's way once or twice, probably wondering if he's going to bring up his ideas about moving back into the city, but Tony keeps quiet, absorbing everything Clint says. He wishes Peter was here right now; even if he was being criticized or corrected, Peter loved learning more about his abilities and how to improve. It's what makes him such a good hero.
Fury doesn't speak, though, just waits Tony out, and it is Clint of all people who takes pity on him this time. "Tony came to the Raft, told Sam he'd been wrong about Barnes bombing the UN, then headed off to Siberia to help Steve out. Report says Zemo had already killed the other Assets?" Tony nods. "So I guess he just wanted to mess with us. Which...he did."
In response Steve points towards another TV, where a camera pans across the empty streets of downtown Brussels. "And how many people are going to pay the price, Fury?"
"By all means," Lukin says, dismissing them with a small wave and turning to T'Challa. "I have yet to talk much with you, Your Highness, I'm Aleksander Lukin..."
I mean that the way it was is gone now. Come back before you don't fit. Stop being stubborn and look at the Accords, Tony's worked really hard on making them better for us.
And the girls? Rachel, her friends? Was that to prove a point, or is torturing young women just your particular brand of cruelty?"
Steve knew that wasn't fair, he knew how much Tony did for them, but he couldn't help the old insecurities from welling up.
Aleksander Lukin is an intimidatingly tall man, his eyes a near electric blue and cold and his mouth set in a smirk that borders on a sneer. And the first thing he does is hold out a hand for Tony to shake.
T'Challa honest-to-God growls. It is astoundingly hot, or it would be if he weren't still in his terrifying outfit with his terrifying claws. "Your Highness," Tony begins. "T'Challa. Please." T'Challa actually turns towards him at that, but Tony isn't sure what he's asking for. He is saved from figuring it out when General Thaddeus Ross walks through the compound's front door, already bellowing out orders.
"No better place to meet then the place where I have the Eye of God in every corner," he says with a shrug, waving in the direction of the ceiling. "FRIDAY will be watching. Calm those ruffled feathers, mother hen."
"It's got a pun and alliteration, Cap. The man's not made of stone." And with that parting crack, he leaves, Steve's laugh following him out.
Maybe he should have told Sam how scared he was of Tony's unhinged fury, how he watched Bucky rise and fall then fall again and felt like it was 1945 all over again. How he just wanted it to be over, he just wanted to
It takes time, effort, and more than a few skirmishes with Thanos’ forward scouts, but he and Tony stop fighting each other and begin fighting side by side.
They even included the sound. So you could hear Howard call out to Bucky. So you could know the precise pitch of Maria's screams.
"You would be working within the US Military," Danvers says in a tone that indicates she and Rhodey have been going around in circles for awhile. "Surely the Accords don't prevent you from doing that."
Dagger gives an encouraging shoulder nudge to him, and the younger man looks down at the table before meeting Steve's eyes straight on. "Look, man, your old team got burned, and so far we ain't proving fireproof either. I'll always have your back. It's what I'm paid for. But for what you're asking for, I need to know you have mine - and Tandy's."
. You'd make it all better again, and I could get it right this time. I wouldn't let you die this time."
"It's not that I don't trust you," he finally says. "You've never given me any reason not to. And it's not that I don't believe that you're safe around other people."
It isn't as if Tony is new to hope, Tony runs on hope; he's never been a miserable person, or at least, if he is, he would like to think he confines those feelings to himself. The world, on the whole, is glorious, the future even more so, and both are filled to the brim with people who deserve a better chance than what they're getting. It isn't idealism, he doesn't think so, it's the things he's seen. For every Raza, there is a Yinsen; for every Stane, a Pepper; for every Ross, a Bruce. And Tony knows they're worth fighting for, dying for. For every soldier of Hydra out there trying to destroy the world, there's a Kamala, a Peter, a Donnie who deserves better. Tony has always wanted to give that to them.
People can't be fixed. If they could, Tony would have done so for himself a long time ago and saved everyone a lot of pain. He wishes he could. It terrifies him, but he does. He tries. He builds suits to fly farther, punch harder, last longer. Artificial intelligences with strict codes to keep him from going too far. He surrounds himself with machines, science, and hopes it can do the impossible and help him be better, but at the end of the day, all he is left with is himself.
started dragging me to movies, forcing me to watch and he knew I didn’t get it, but - so I stopped. You know what he did? He started displaying them like that, up on the Tower, so that I couldn’t avoid them, and he made it into this thing, this
"Hm. I understand your concern for them, Mr. Stark. I would not want them out there alone either. Previous evidence suggests they are quite dangerous." Lukin shakes his head, staring off into the distance, considering. "A man like Steve Rogers - there are not many like him. Dangerous indeed."
"Anytime you want to join us, just say the word," he tells her, and she squeezes his hand tight before letting go. "I'll come up in a few, okay? I just want to say good-bye."
Spider-Man remains silent but there is a scraping sound on the marble as Kamala plays with her cup. "It sounds like you're asking us to just sit on the sidelines," she says, sounding heartbroken.
"Well. I did try to kill you. Blew off your arm," Tony points out, then looks to the side. "The arm you used to kill my parents." Barnes raises his eyebrow and inexplicably, Tony finds himself almost smiling. "You're right, why
Tony tries but the floors are too hard now, concrete instead of dirt, and when he looks up he can see his reflection in the glass of five different cryogenic tanks. He is twenty one years old and his parents are about to die.
"Not that kind of 'what,' Fry," he says, ignoring how the shaking in his hands that had only just stopped have now begun again. "How far are you on decrypting Project Samson?"
what my father was like? Anything that wasn't Steve wasn't good enough, he would have never settled for Zola's work. He had to do better,
Peter looks over his shoulder. His mask is torn open over one half of his face and his visible eye has a sort of wild blankness. "Just like that? After - this is what he gets? You don't think he deserves a little fear?"
Instead there are parts of different kind. A brain here, a heart there. Fingers and toes, eyes and ears. Limbs, not human but not machine. Something different. New.
"Just like old times, right, Steve," Stark asked. His eyes were bright, practically manic as he leaned in close. "Look at you. That same old hangdog expression, too. You gonna lock me up in the cell tonight? Let me serenade you? I know it's your favorite." A truly outrageous eyebrow waggle and then Stark burst into song.
Steve stands abruptly, gathering up the tray and his phone, sliding the latter into his pocket. "Two things: even if you had succeeded in taking my blood," he tells her. "You still would have failed. Abraham Erskine was a genius; you're not fit to even say his name." He begins to walk towards the door.
And indeed underneath the cool surface of the stone he could hear his mage’s heart beat proud and true. Steven didn’t know what his face might have shown; Anthony covered his hand with his own and whispered lowly. “For you, my knight.”
Tony lifted a hand to his chest and pressed, hard. “We fought – the press called it a war. Me against him, with a side helping of Avengers.”
Jan sighed. Tony hated the sound of it, the familiarity of the disappointment in it. Howard would be proud of that sigh, he thought, and then hated himself for even comparing his best friend to Howard. “We’re supposed to be a team, Tony. His team.”
"He's been through enough," Tony says and there's a flash of memory, light glinting off a metal arm.
T'Challa grimaces at the nickname but otherwise remains silent, his eyes going very far away as they head down the cold sidewalk, arms bumping into one another. The cold has settled into Tony's bones now, and it aches a little but the pain is almost pleasant. It is quiet this time a night, his and T'Challa's footsteps very loud, and Tony starts absentmindedly counting them, one and a half of his for every one of T'Challa's. They create an odd, off-mark beat together but it's steady. Steadying.
Tony sits down at Kamala Khan's beside, putting on a gauntlet so he can hold her hand. "Well, we'll find someone, Ms. Khan. I promise you're not alone. We're all a mess here, but we keep the falling apart to ourselves. We'll keep you together, if you want."
Three minutes later, Vision blazes out of the mist carrying a teenage girl in his arms. She is small and dark and her skin is literally glowing.
"That's it," Tony says after Vision's unassailable logic is spat back in his face. "Everyone get on the plane."
When he looks over, Sam is grinning self-deprecatingly, strained. "I do know this, in fact." He tilts forward in his chair, stretching to lay his hand on Steve's shoulder. "Look. Its not just Tony, it's all of them. And it's okay to be mad at them and to miss them and whatever else you want to feel. Better you feel it now that store it up for later so it can explode all over the rest of us. And then let it go, so you can find out what's really there. You never give yourself any time, man. I oughta teach you some yoga. Guided meditation. How do you feel about ASMR?"
"You should add blue," Kamala says decisively. Tony turns just enough so that she can see one incredulous eyebrow lift.
'You'd better,' Bucky would say. 'I ain't spending the night in a tree, not even for you, punk.' Even though he would, and he had. Bucky was always there for Steve, and Steve had always let him down.
So Tony flies out with Natasha and Vision and sits in the aftermath, knowing there is nothing he can do and hating every second of it.
"I'd say no problem but I don't have a very good track re-" T'Challa's eyes open only to narrow at him. "Safe. Got it."
Steve hadn't even realized they were watching the same screen; Fury has mostly been preoccupied with watching a barely lucid Madame Hydra recover from her emergency surgery. "What we need, sir?" Fury looks over his shoulder so Steve is just in his peripheral vision and Steve makes sure to sneer just for him. "Who's 'we'? Tony's team? Mine? All of us? Or maybe just you."
Tony stands and looks up and watches a small blonde girl teeter on the edge of the roof for one long second, her arms reaching out for someone that isn't coming as she loses the fight with gravity and falls. Tony engages the thrusters, taking off, heading straight up for her, but he can see Spider-Man at the edge, his arm reaching out and a shot of web spinning through the air for the girl's foot.
And now that Steve has forcibly torn himself out of the space he had carved into Tony, now that Obie is gone and Aunt Peggy, too, what is he supposed to do? Is he just supposed to try again? Hope for the best? Just let the world keep having go after go at him and keep getting up over and over again?
Tony nods. "And shared among a trusted few. To make sure we all know what we're up against. Man cannot live on e-mail alone." There were many things he regretted about the fighting back in May, but what haunts him most looking back is how little any of them knew, how easily they allowed each other to become sitting ducks for whoever wanted to pick them off. Steve could have done better,
Tony frowns at his dim reflection in the glass. "I'm sorry, Romanov, did we sometime in the war suddenly turn into Loki? Did we brainwash Clint into leaving his family and siding with Cap? 'Cause I think I would have noticed if I started talking like Hamlet and wearing reindeer horns."
Tony grins, sighs, hangs his head. He needs to say this. "I'm kind of a control freak, Pete. And now apparently I have to control my controlling-ness, which seems all sorts of counter-productive, but the larger point is this: I am sorry. What I did was not cool. I should have called back instead of ignoring you. And don't think for a second that you're not always welcome at the Compound."
Maybe he should have said all the things he didn't, because the crushed look on Sam's face and the dawning realization on Wanda's was not something he ever wanted to be responsible for. Even Scott's growing distance ate at him.
he wonders at the page, caught up in those eyes again, more alive here than they were back at the compound.
Tony and Natasha watch through the window as Clint resolutely does not answer any of the lawyers' questions. Well, Natasha watches Clint and Tony watches her worry grow larger and larger.
"Did he tell you about - about upgrading himself?" Steve asked, anxious. "He wasn't - he wasn't serious. I told him he couldn't be serious."
"Please slow down," Rhodey says to him one day, out of nowhere. Tony just stares at him. "Please," his friend repeats.
T'Challa had fixed him with a steely gaze then. "The Accords allow us to say no. You and your friends were not eager to fight before; I can't imagine that has changed."
They both turn to look at the man in the cryo chamber. "I will take care of him," Wanda promises, and Steve's stomach roils. He's leaving him all over again, abandoning him to strangers, how can Steve do this to him again?
War Machine drops a little through the sky. It makes Tony's heart race every time, but it's nothing compared to what Rhodey feels every time he pushes himself like this. Tony can't point this out, mostly because it would involve Rhodey knowing that FRIDAY is a bit more keyed into to War Machine's systems then she had been before the fall, so he just watches, heart in his throat, as Rhodey lets the thrusters reengage and brings War Machine to a hover and they all ignore the panting they hear over the comms and Tony ignores the big flashing heart rate in the corner of his HUD that doesn't belong to him.
Nick Fury is in his living room. Tony walks in, sees the man sitting on his couch and holds up one finger when the man opens his mouth before walking straight back out again. "FRIDAY, get the team. Lock down Kamala and Donnie's floors." Then he straightens his shoulders and heads back in.
Tony knows he should be honest since Vision was, but he can't. There are some things he still needs to hold close. "You know, I'd really just settle for not dreaming about snow."
"The Winter Soldiers created under your father's formula," T'Challa says quietly. "They were unstable. This is what you fear. That HYDRA is using a stronger but less stable formula to create Terrigenesis."
"I'll come back for you," he promises, picturing Germany, Steve storming ahead with his shield while the Commandos leave Bucky in a sniper's perch.
"Are we friends?" Tony asks, and without waiting for an answer he blasts Green in the face, slipping out from between the glider's blades. Green and Mean gives chase, dodging repulsor blasts with amazing agility. He sends Tony careening into another building with a flash bomb that takes out the HUD for about eight seconds. The impact is hard, jostling all along Tony's false sternum, and he loses his breath.
Sarkissian doesn't look up, but her eyes lose their focus. She's thinking, debating whether to give in, and what to give up. More than that, she wants so badly to tell him why she was better, smarter, and why they all should have listened to her. She wants to show off. It's the only thing she has left.
Natasha was right, this suit is slower than before. The thickness of the chestplate has added at least two miles onto his max speed and Tony doesn't have time. He outstrips War Machine as they race across the countryside, the lights of the outer boroughs appearing on the horizon.
Tony crosses his arms, thinking hard even as he minds Kamala, crossing the lab to stand in front of the new Mark II, black and gold and no visible central arc reactor. "There may be something. A dampener. It probably won't feel very good." He remembers Wanda near-catatonic in her cell, that bright red light blinking around her throat.
to stop, and those two things aren’t always the same, so might as well end it on your own terms, right?
“...It’s not hard at all,” she managed past the heavy stone that was her heart. “You just...you never break. Never yield. A soulmate is your other half. He's meant for you, and only you. And you are meant for him,” she whispered. "So you can't go changing on him, alright?"
It floats up on the screen and T'Challa glances sidelong at it, keeping the brunt of his gaze on Tony even as his hand disappears off screen to tap at something. "
He leaves before she can respond, makes it around the corner, and drops the tray just so he can stare at his hands. They should be shaking, but they aren't, because the serum controls for bursts of adrenaline like that. Instead everything looks sharp and too bright. He wants to get out of this place, get out of his head, go out there and track every one of those sons of bitches down and make them pay.
Steve is watching the one currently showing Tony Stark in front of a sea of cameras, the dissipating cloud of Terrigenesis behind him in the morning light. "We've conducted studies on the few samples we've been able to obtain of the contaminant," Tony is replying to one reporter asking when Brussels will be fully safe again. "Once it drops below a certain threshold of parts per million by volume in the air it becomes ineffective. The police have been informed and will let the city know when they deem it safe; any further questions on that should most likely be left to them."
He taps at the device to re-open communications and keeps his eye on Peter, a bit puzzled at the kid's tense posture, growing tenser by the second. He is focusing very intently at one of the screens in Times Square and Tony gets to his feet to join him.
"He never should have taken her with him," he says fiercely, glancing sideways at his father's headstone, bigger than his mother's. "She shouldn't have been in the car with him and the serum. I should have - I could have asked her to stay."
The kids nod, Kamala already watching the silent version of the 2015 Eastern Europe battle. Tony feels a flicker of admiration for Barton's cool, commanding, but undemanding tone. He still remembers the one-sided conversation he recovered from the audio archives of the Battle of Sokovia, the pep-talk Clint gave Wanda that got her off her ass. Laura was right, as she usually is; he's made for this.
T'Challa holds his gaze for a moment longer, eyes darting back and forth between his own, searching for something Tony's pretty sure he's not giving, before the other man sighs and steps back. "I will have to make a few calls."
He wishes he could describe it to her, the moment he got the text from the anonymous source detailing all the Avengers had gathered, the one that must have been authorized by Tony if it didn't come from the man himself. The feeling of belonging, of being let in from the cold, the moment when he asked for a hand up and was lifted on to his feet. It's not how it was - the silence and distance still stings - but he had promised Tony once that if he was needed, he would be there. And he intended to keep it.
It is so very quiet that Bruce's sharp exhale sounds like a hurricane. A long moment, and then he nods.
"You're gonna be just fine, you're gonna be okay, just let go-"Her torso bulges horrifically and her legs melt off the bed and down to the floor and Tony is crying even as he pumps enough drugs into her to kill a normal man.
"I know he made his choice," Natasha responds irritably. "But we can't just leave him to the wolves."
"Mr. Stark isn't going to argue anything," Tony says, gritting his teeth. "Because that's not the argument we're making here today. Rogers and Barnes will answer for the crimes they committed in their attempt - their
"Honestly?" Bruce asks. "I wanted to see what would make even Tony Stark have the audacity to call me for a favor."
“See, my dad liked his booze but he was too busy too…driven to really dive into alcoholism.” And I’ve seen Howard in his later years, read reports, saw how neatly they matched to Tony’s own behavior before Afghanistan and occasionally after, and I wonder if this is a lie Tony made up about his father as a young man merely so it would be perfect when he told it to himself years later. “Or maybe - maybe he just learned better, watching her. Because she. Loved. Liquor.” He emphasizes each word with a sharp rap of his knuckles against his tumbler.
"They're annoying is what they are," Lukin replies bluntly, but its all that armed forces joking that Tony has never quite understood, because Rhodey just laughs. "I wanted to meet you today, Iron Man, War Machine, Vision - in case we don't have time tomorrow. President Ellis has asked me to sit in on the hearing and the council has graciously agreed. In my opinion, the whole thing has been overblown."
He grits his teeth and bears it. "Still can't decide which one of us you're more jealous of, huh, babe?"
Wanda, who looks devastated. "You should come with me," Scott whispers to her as he gathers her close. There is red sparking along her skin, floating into Scott's body, but he doesn't even flinch.
very much,” he admitted quietly to the ground. “Maybe that’s universal, is all. Multi-universal, actually.”
"So I'll wear a baseball cap and some sunglasses, it'll be fine!" Donnie insists. Vision has disengaged from JOCASTA at this point and even FRIDAY's constant hum has gone quiet. "Or make me a disguise, or something. You can't stop me from going out!"
Steve sighs, fishing the phone out of his pocket. "I have to act, somehow. This last stunt with the Accords just proves that. They need help. Whatever else I feel, we're still Avengers, and they're still our team."
Tony reaches out with his hand and places it on Peter's forearm. He can feel the muscles trembling under his fingers. "Look at me, kiddo," he pleads, and the mask turns towards him, the eyes dilating. "Okay? Now tell me what
But he triggers again. And again. And Bruce gives the order to shut it down; FRIDAY, to Tony's surprise, obeys without his agreement. Bruce takes off his glasses and rubs at his face and Tony feels the lines in his face carve into his soul as Donnie huddles in the corner of his room. "We can't-"
Steve watches the black and gold suit shoot across the screen. The new suit is dark, more boxy, and far more frightening than the red and gold was. Or maybe that's because its less familiar. Colder. Darker. There's no central arc reactor, no bright glowing heart anymore and it makes Steve ache. If Tony had been wearing this suit in Siberia it never would have ended.
Steve will not put his fist through the wall. He won't let out the string of obscenities building at the back of his throat. He won't shout. And absolutely will not give in to the insane urge to cry that keeps building through his body. His team is watching him, looking to him for guidance after losing one of their own and Steve can't lose control, not in front of them.
Don't fidget, don't blink, don't think about the barest hint of pressure from your father's hand as he sweeps a Santa hat off your head, the last time he touched you because you were too mad to say goodbye. "But I'm all about practical application, so I branched out. If it could help me, then why not the next guy, right?" Barnes stares at him, unblinking, and Tony gives a shrug that feels only a little helpless. "I built it to help people. So that's what it does."
"And you, my friend, suck at subterfuge." T'Challa smiles and shrugs, resuming his walk. Tony sighs. "You realize there's nothing to feel guilty about? There's not a lot you could have done, and if you had you would be in that hearing with us tomorrow. Not a good look for royalty."
Daredevil's image suddenly flares up in the corner of the HUD. "Oscorp's in flames. Lot of people on the rooftops, this guy must have gone after the bottom floors first. I can see some people on the eighth floor-" Tony dimly wonders how but doesn't interrupt. "I'm going in. I'll get them to the roof but the rest is up to you, Avengers." They can hear Daredevil grunt, then a long whistling sound, then a thud. "I'm in. If I don't check in in five minutes, please come get me. Smoke inhalation is not how I'm going out."
you. I am sorry to report I never outgrew that habit - pah, no I'm not. Fantastic defense mechanism, and I learned it all from you, pops. I learned a lot from you. I should have told you that. I should have-"
"You're sadder," is the first thing Bucky says. Steve jerks a little in surprise, not expecting that. "You've always been a brooder, but the fight with the others, it really took it out of you, huh? I've never seen you like that, Steve."
On the last page is the original of the drawing that Steve had put on the front of his copy of the Accords, the one that had caught Tony's eye and held it: symbols of the original six Avengers held together in a ring, encircling the earth. Protecting it. This one is larger, taking up the whole paper. Tony's reactor is still linked to Steve's shield, but on the other side is Barnes' star, and across the circle are Falcon's wings. A swirl that is most likely Wanda is close to Clint, a tiny ant for Scott by Bruce's radioactive hazard circle. Vision's gem is connected to Thor's hammer.
"Right to fair trial's there in the general charter. Ross was on a power trip; we've taken care of it."
"I don't know," Rhodes said thoughtfully, and not nearly as distressed as Steve thought he should be. "Whatever it is, real or not, it's far off in the future and Tony will test it thoroughly - putting one piece of experimental tech into his body was enough for him, I think."
Steve let himself relax, ignoring that sliver of doubt that had lodged itself next to a sliver of dread in the back of his mind, and committed to enjoying tonight. And as he and Tony sat down amongst Sam and the kids, for one perfect moment, Steve felt like he belonged.
"I'll give you the tech," Tony says at some point during the flight, watching the low mountains of Wakanda's countryside ebb and flow below them. "To the BARF technology. I know I kind of held it hostage before, but to be fair, I was a bit stressed out at the time."
like her dad. She's even got a name for herself - Stature. Her mother says she heard it on a news report about Giant Man." Tony raises an eyebrow, half confused and half impressed; 'Stature' is a fair bit cooler than 'Ant' or 'Giant Man.' Point to Little Lang. "How do you think any of us are going to stop her? Scott can talk about how dangerous it is until he turns blue in the face, but Cassie doesn't just idolize him but everything he does. She's going to grow up and wonder why she can't help the same way. And she'll steal her dad's belt one night and end up killing herself because she doesn't know what she's doing."
"Simba was a lion," T'Challa says dryly, looking back and forth between Tony's eyes. "And the answer is always you. Shall we proceed, then?"
Above all things, Tony was a scientist. So he sat down on his bed, and he tested that hypothesis.  Lined the variables up, tested them one at a time, and came up with a theory that twisted something inside him with a permanence he wouldn't realize for years.
Steve wrinkled his nose, dismayed and annoyed. He was thinking of something a bit neater than a pair of dusty Greeks. "Bucky, one of them dies." Neither he nor Buck was ever gonna die. Well, everyone died, but when they went they were going together.
One hundred and eleven. He thinks he's laughing. That's actually on the low end, for Tony. Is he laughing? God, he hopes he's laughing-
"I heard about Kamala's plan," Bruce mentions to him one day as they work quietly in the lab. Vision is interfacing with JOCASTA, preparing her to enter the War Machine suit while Donnie works on the lagging hip joint that's giving Rhodey so many problems. Tony acutely misses Peter for a moment then shoves it away. "Team bonding, huh? It sounds like it'll be fun."
"Seems the opposite of inconspicuous," Donnie says sarcastically. "But...yeah, okay. Make it Matt Damon and I'm in.
His brow furrows, then his mind skips backwards in the conversation, makes the connection. He almost smiles. "Not the worst thing that's been said about it."
Donnie still looks angry, but underneath that is a thick layer of misery. "I just want to be better," he says to his feet. "I didn't want to bother you. I know what they're playing on the news."
He had given up and headed for the nearest source of alcohol when he saw Steve standing at the ledge of the balcony, leaning. The light of the moon and the city have washed him out, the gold of his hair gone silver and his pale skin gone white. He looks like a statue. Screw it, he thinks, and heads outside.
And um, I guess a warning of sorts? There is a discussion in here, briefly, about Black Lives Matter and racial discrimination. I am a white person. I try to stay informed and keep my ears open, but if anything is said in here that rubs you wrong, please know that was not my intention.
Vision doesn't need sleep so he can keep up with Tony when the engineer works long hours into the night, but every single time Tony sees him open his mouth and then close it, something almost like hesitation on his smooth face. He thinks about what T'Challa said, his team waiting in the wings for Tony, and suddenly he can't stand it. He can't stand to see Vision not let the words out, for Vision to be so unsure.
"We should paint that," he now decides, tilting his head this way and that to take in the gunmetal grey steel of the chair. "What do you think of-"
. No, I won't care if you tell him, I have a secret weapon against the sheer amount of smug he will radiate and its called 'I'm Tony Stark,' but it won't matter either way. What matters is that Rogers does what I goddamned asked him to do in the first place and plays it safe." Stopping the bad guys didn't always mean playing the hero. HYDRA would just love for Rogers to decide that his presence is direly needed and expose himself to a world that is still incredibly wary of the Avengers they have, let alone the ones that ran.
Tiberius had read up on all the literature when he'd found out what Tony was. He had tracked down a series of medical journals that had been quietly published bi-annually for the last thirty years, documenting aberrations in soulbonds. Most articles concerned second soulmates, but some were about people like him, the bare-wristed. There were less than thirty known confirmed cases, upwards of one hundred when historical conjecture was accounted for, and doctors had analyzed the characteristics and behaviors of these people to find out what had gone wrong.
"They were nice," she says with a shrug. She won't meet his eyes. "Dr. Banner says I'm going to be different now."
Peter sits down slowly in a chair, staring down at the Accords. "...but I was just trying to help." And Tony sucked in a sharp breath, hearing the guilt in those words. Jesus Christ, this poor kid.
woo, okay. this chapter went exactly nowhere I was expecting it, and was basically a lot of build-up. the more story stuff should be kicking into gear next chapter.
"A simple 'hello' would have been fine," he tells Daredevil, maneuvering so the three of them are standing in a triangle and reaching into the tacky messenger bag he'd brought along, pulling out their individual contracts under the Accords and handing them to the others. "Happy birthday!"
"I never thought of using a staple gun that way!" Sam added, and then, in an aside to no one muttered "I can't believe space is still using staple guns."
He buys a piano and puts it in the den and plays it to distraction, the same song, over and over again.
T'Challa wishes him well, eyes already going heavy-lidded, and Tony sits in the quiet of his lab, feeling maybe not as terrible as he could.
Peter huffs, annoyed but amused, and sets a temperature before heading over to Rhodey's side of the kitchen island to sit. "So, you wanted to meet with me?"
Was that – coming from the Fog? Were they about to get another interdimensional visitor? Quickly, Steve swung the shield off his back and onto his hand, ready for a fight.
"Now!" Peter's arm jerks, the web's speed checked and its trajectory unbalanced and Tony reaches the girl just in time to get a hand under her neck and lower back and pull up as the web catches her ankle. "Vitals, FRIDAY!"
"Speaking of," Coulson says, stepping closer. "How is Donald Gill coming along? How soon can we expect him back with us?"
Sarah watched her husband take a long pull of his drink, and then she slipped back into Steve’s room once more, sitting in the well-worn chair at his bedside. Her son’s eyes, so much like her own, stared back, glassy and unfocused.
So Steve stands and walks to Bucky. Pulls him up and shoulders the burden, begins the long walk out, when he hears scraping behind him, a sharp inhale. Tony, picking up the cue. He pauses.
Natasha nods. "We'll both be fine. Tony, we can't just sit here, we have to try. If we can save even one person-"
"Why don't you just web your feet, make them sticky?" Donald suggest, thickening up the piece he's working on.
playing it endlessly until Howard threaten to burn the piano. Maria had laughed and the two of them switched to loud pieces from musicals just to annoy him.
"I'd have better luck with the unicorns," Tony scoffs, but he rolls his shoulders and squares them. Hope. They could all do with a bit of that right now.
Attacking Bucky Barnes is his newest, and Tony is a bit ashamed that he hasn't worked up the same amount of guilt for that as he did for Obie and Ultron. Bucky Barnes wasn't the murderer, he was the weapon used to commit the murder. He's innocent,
Bruce shrugs. "I know Ross isn't a problem anymore but I think keeping a low profile is in my best interest right now."
Tony fights not to sigh when Peter relays his information, shifting around his agenda for the thousandth time, chipping away at the few hours he's allotted for sleep. Rhodey keeps expecting him to get drunk, but Tony's just doesn't have time.
"I didn't agree to that," Donnie says loudly, adjusting the little nodes that will create his shockingly Matt Damon-ish digital mask. Kamala and Hope look a little appalled at Tony's joke.
Tony rears back. "I was protecting Wanda. I should have told her beforehand, I realize that, but Wanda wasn't an American citizen, they could deport her at the drop of a hat and the way the public was turning against her-"
Ty's smug face fills up the leftmost screen and Tony watches the data while he waits. Tiberius is probably sitting right next to his phone but lets it ring until the very last second before picking it up.
"To help you," Tony corrects stiffly. The victim of mind control being wary of having his mind altered further is not surprising, but he has no idea what to say to make this better.
"I thought you wanted to save your world, Captain. Others in my organization would rather run around bending people to their will, but I prefer the direct approach. Straight to the source. You are imperfect, and yet also our greatest hope. Give it to me, a final sacrifice. After today you will be obsolete anyway." The whip snaps and he moves again, rolling into position and unclipping his shield, preparing to throw.
Tony's face is stiff with drying tears, stinging in the bitter wind, and his heart still weighs like a stone in his chest. He listens to Peter chatter inanely to his parents and uncle and wonders if someone had to hold this kid back from crawling in with his parents, too. He imagines so; Tony is not special or unique in his grief. But Peter's done a lot better than he did back then.
"Make no mistake, Steve, we're all biding our time. You think it's any coincidence that Nick Fury keeps us all here with convenient little jail cells not five hundred meters away?" Steve stares at her, knowing his mouth has fallen open. Tandy's calculating expression, so out of place in those wide blue eyes, melts away as she pats Steve's arm sympathetically.
His mother never came back. She is never coming back. And Tony realizes that in this moment, Barnes understands that even better than him. He doesn't want absolution any more than Tony wants to forget his own blood-soaked past. He doesn't know what Barnes wants. Maybe the same thing Tony does: redemption.
He is back in front of that monitor, relearning all his worst fears had never died but gorged themselves on his absence and grown stronger than ever. "What have you done?"
He and Pepper were never a mistake. This is not something Tony will fix. He will let it settle and grow into something else. Maybe something better.
Ostensibly to help him with his programming. He has plans to bring evidence exonerating Barnes to the United Nations.
The first wave of the attack had been hard without them, the Avengers unaccustomed and unprepared for the aliens' advanced weaponry. They'd beaten them back with no small struggle and Tony Stark had been working day and night churning out better equipment for everyone and preparing his Iron Legion to fight alongside the SHIELD agents that Steve Rogers had personally trained.
Natasha's gaze grows sharp at the new number in her phone. "That's Cap's. He said he would be here if we need him. Call him, Nat."
Tony looks at the holographic screen still floating in the air, Kamala's report still open. She's commented on a section of the battle at the HYDRA base in '15, confusion about why Iron Man is sent so far ahead while Thor, arguably more powerful, is left in the thick of things.
"Oh, thank you, Mr. Stark!" Aamir says, clambering to his feet. "I will not let you down!" After several more effusive thank-yous and one very enthusiastic hand-shake, Aamir leaves Tony there, still nursing his tea cup.
"Director," T'Challa replies, and there is no mistaking the growl in his voice or the rigid set of Shuri's shoulders. Steve can feel a prickle of awareness signalling that the Dora Milaje, ever vigilant as they are, have somehow become impossibly more alert. "And Agent Tyrone Johnson, also known as Cloak. Welcome to Wakanda."
"Man, I bet all those dead people we left behind in Chad would be glad to hear you say that," Clint responds, bristling with anger. "You let them get slaughtered while you sat back and waited for a bunch of bureaucrats to give you the all clear. How many people died today because of you, Stark?"
He fights on, body after body falling under his shield or his fists. Sometimes he hears the particular zing of Dagger's light projectiles or smells the odd ozone scent that accompanies Cloak's portal or hears a scream from above that gets closer and closer until it ends abruptly and that's Sam, taking people up and dropping them. Shurikens dance at the corner of his vision so Diamondback is somewhere close, watching his back, and Steve presses forward.
I am INCREDIBLY iffy on this chapter and I'm going to be honest, I might go back and edit it because I'm not really happy with parts of it. The thing with Clint is essentially wrapping up his storyline and addressing what would be some real life concerns with the Avengers in that they have now sort of set themselves up as a superhero haven and Tony is hypervigilant about the team functioning as a team.
"Alright, I've known for awhile," Tony allows with a small smile. He missed this kid. He's been an idiot. "I'm sorry, kid. I should have called."
He hears a shout over the comms and then Daredevil is tumbling over the side of the building, falling thirty feet before being snatched up by War Machine. "He's out," Rhodey says over the comms, descending to the ground and reminding the police there's a strict order to not remove DD's mask.
"We've all been selfish, Tony. That market was cornered long before built yourself a walking soup can." She lets go of his elbow to bring her legs up and cross them Indian-style, fully facing him now. "Listen to me. You don't really believe that. You're just scared," she tells him firmly.
He opens one of the drawers and splutters. Well, of course they're familiar, then. "T'Challa, you sneaky son of a bitch," he mutters as he lifts an abandoned sketchbook out. He flips through it rapidly, seeing only a few pages filled, but the familiar lines of Steve's art twist at something in him.
On a Tuesday afternoon Tony wears the Mark I for the first time. He can't see T'Challa or Peter's expression through the masks and Vision just tilts his head as usual but Rhodey can't quite hide his grimace.
"Well isn't this cozy," the archer sneers, looking them over. "The Mighty Avengers. Tell me, how many people died down there while you all dragged your feet?"
Her eyebrows can't decide whether to furrow down in anger or raise in surprise. It's a bit hilarious. "You know my dad?"
"Those scientists he was after that night - the police conducted interviews but didn't find anything and I figured, hey, Normie's always been a bit trigger-happy, maybe Goblin-izing himself turned it up to eleven but now-"
"I heard about your shouting match with him. I didn't believe it - Fury doesn't shout. Is he actually playing you or did he just keep something
"Something else, Mr. Khan?" Tony asks the younger man, feeling a pang at how lost Aamir looks. He's still a kid himself, really. They've all been so single-mindedly focused on getting Kamala better that they forgot about the other orphan who hovers like a specter over the only family he has left.
"You remember to stay true to yourself. If you do anything for your mother, you grab onto James tight, and never let go. Will you promise me?”
"How do you know it was you?" Steve asked, frowning. Stark gave a one-shouldered shrug and a corner of his mouth tilted up in a bitter smile.
"What about Donnie?" Kamala asks, and Clint looks to Tony because he had asked the same thing. "And Ms. Hope? King T'Challa?"
It lifts the reactor high, the blue glow lighting up its face, and beneath the moving machine parts Tony thinks he can almost see glimpses of skin. But that's impossible - Ultron isn't human. It's a machine.
But the worst things Tony tells me aren’t about Bucky, or Afghanistan, or the wormhole, or Stane, or the civil war. Or me. The worst things, in the grand scheme of his life, almost seem tiny in comparison but for the lasting effects they have on the man. But they stick with me, for days, weeks, months, years from now when Tony and I will be happy again. I will still look over to him, long after the other hurts have faded, and remember these two small things, and pull him close to me to hold him tight.
"I can stay a few more days," Tony finds himself promising. Barnes' shoulders slump a bit, like a weight has been lifted, and there's a gratefulness in his eyes when he looks at Tony that lands like acid on his skin, burning away at him. He hates this, and he hates himself even more for feeling like this.
"You look fabulous, Tony," Jan told him, making a space between herself and Steve and waving the three over. "How much stronger is this one than the old one?"
He doesn't want this. He doesn't want the way Natasha has looked so surprised at his actions, the pride in Rhodey's eyes, the way Barton clapped him on the shoulder and said "Good on you, Stark." He doesn't want gratefulness, he doesn't want to be the bigger man, he doesn't want to be logical about this. He wants Bucky Barnes to rot and burn, he wants to smash his face in and strangle him, he wants him to know what they felt like.
them to go to the source, but they refused. They said it would take too much time to start over. But I saw their hearts; they wanted their own slice of glory. I told them time spent on perfection was never time wasted. They cast me out."
"Oh, we're done alright," Peter says darkly, and shoots out one last web, wrapping the man up before kicking him over the edge of the building. "How's it hanging down there?"
Tony nods. "Better, really." That gets something like a smile out of Kamala. "But the rest of team will be there to back you up no matter what. Have you even got a chance to look at the Accords, yet, Ms. Khan?"
Hope sits back in her chair, observing him, her features twitching like she can't commit to an expression. Finally she drawls "Tony Stark: Closet Optimist." The accused, surprised, laughs.
"I am. On my life, Barnes." He wants to punch himself in the face as soon as he says it. He inexplicably aches for the armor; he's always a better person inside it than out. Ready for anything. He's not ready for this.
Months later, almost a year, he’ll be caught with Sam and Clint in Western Europe and they’ll be brought before the United Nations to be tried for violations against the new Avengers’ Accords and several sovereign states. Tony arrives at some point before the trial, Rhodey at one shoulder and Vision at the other, and watches him with the same wide dark eyes Steve dreams about on the nights he can sleep. Steve hopes for one wild moment that Tony is here to help them like he once swore to do in a Berlin conference room.
My parents saw it on their 25th anniversary and it was their favorite. My dad used to sing Michael Crawford to my mom," she trails off wistfully.
HYDRA has them running around in circles, chasing after shadows. All this time Fury was planning to divide and conquer when HYDRA was probably happy to let his soldiers take out their rogue faction. It never seems to stop. Steve's always one step behind.
"It is no trouble." Still, Vision falls silent and Tony lets it settle. "I think," the synthezoid says after a long moment. "I would like to see the Sokovia of her youth. I would like to see her Pietro, how she remembers him. She loved him so much."
It becomes almost a game between us at some point, I’m not sure when. Tony calls it the ‘Trauma Olympics.’ I call it ‘talking about your feelings.’
Kamala's genetic makeup. Terrigenesis replicates itself in a person's blood stream and bonds to their cells, but when every single reaction creates a different outcome it's impossible for the body to survive. That Kamala did is a miracle. But he hasn't suspected until now that HYDRA has meant for this to happen. They're not trying to create one army of super soldiers, they're trying to create an army of Enhanced, like Wanda.
" As his AI maps everything about the rinky-dink phone, Tony watches Rhodey's eyes move side to side as his friend reads Steve's letter once, twice, three times, face twisting up at the same spots every time. The three remaining Avengers sat around the small table, eating dinner that Vision had made. Tony had come in late, dodging increasingly insistent calls from Ross, and placed the phone on a nearby Starkpad for FRIDAY's easy access while sliding the letter across to his best friend.
. You're not moving on. You wanna do something, then you're gonna do something, Rogers, that's how you operate. I think every country who signed the Accords can attest to that. But you're not doing anything. Fury's playing you because you tied on the puppet strings."
He does exactly what he told Steve he would. He signs the documents and then immediately starts amending the shit of them. It's hard without the good name of Captain America to back him up, but the newly crowned King of Wakanda helps. Tony never meets T'Challa's eyes during the UN meetings, not entirely sure he won't ask a question about the team if he does, but he feels the Panther's eyes on him sometimes, watching.
Since Stark Ventures is *your* baby (and only yours), that does make me feel better, actually. I still recommend buying up more stock. I looked at the list you had FRIDAY send me. Some of the companies circling THAT drain would dismember OsCorp in a heartbeat, and if you really want an attention grab, nothing screams 'look at me' like suddenly owning ten percent of a company.
Natasha's eyes go a little bright and he suspects she didn't realize how highly he valued her on the battleground. "Let me prove it, then. You're the boss, Stark, give me a job."
The thought has consumed him; twenty five years of thinking his father lost control of the car and crashed he and his wife into a tree, twenty five years of consoling himself that his parents died on impact. They'd told him his dad died when his nose broke against the steering wheel, shoving the bone fragments into his brain. But it was Barnes' fist, and Dad had begged, Dad had seen it coming. And his mother's neck had snapped from the force of the whiplash. She never felt a thing. Except the violent death of her husband, a cold hand around her throat squeezing tighter and tighter until it
"In his cell?" Tony asks rhetorically. Osborn has been held in Riker's since the attack, awaiting a trial that would surely take months and be the talk of the country.
That had been two hours ago, and the last he'd heard from her. The facility is a shit show from start to finish, a frequency knocking out their comms within minutes and forcing them to fight close quarters (which Dagger and Sam do not excel at) in total darkness. Steve cannot call a retreat when none of them can hear him and he cannot abandon his team.
Well Tony disagreed. Obviously. my friend Bucky got involved and they wanted to kill him. Bucky's completely innocent, he was controlled by HYDRA. So i had to protect him, get him out of the country. We found out Bucky was being framed for that UN bombing by a Sokovian with a grudge and we went after him. Tony tried to stop us to take us in. Bucky and I got away but the rest got caught, thrown in the Raft.
So, no. Maybe Steve couldn't tell Sam about that. Captain America is supposed to be better than that.
Communication goes, of course, to Natasha, and she promises to forward Rogers their plans and advice on the matter, but they won't be able to survive on e-mail and encrypted texts forever. A system will have to be built.
"I'm sorry," Steve says carefully. Rachel shrugs, looking away, her blue gaze going somewhere very far away.
“I figure either this is a dream, and I’ve summoned up a younger, prettier Captain to allay my conscience, or something seriously wrong has happened.”
Just for that, Tony huffs dramatically and collapses forward onto his lap. "Can't believe you put me through that. Now I'm exhausted. You'll have to carry me the rest of the way, daffodil."
Her tone becomes suddenly brisk, and he is very awake in the next second. "What is it? Trouble back home? Who did I-" Jesus, he hurts, he thinks again as he swings his legs off the bed and onto the floor. "I left Rhodey in charge this time, yeah?"
There is a moment, before the masquerade begins, that three knocks echo softly in the comms, sending Natasha briefly into full alert until Tony apologizes. Then he stands, whispering to Donnie that he might be awhile, and exits into the lobby to climb the stairs to the roof. Peter Parker is waiting for him at the door, and after a quiet order to FRIDAY, they head outside to the cold night air. From here they can see Times Square lit up bright, the big screens displaying advertisements and short videos and twenty-four hour news.
His last word hung in the air, an angry echo drowned out by Steve's harsh breathing. He didn't even know who he was yelling at. Tony Stark, he thought, always so good at getting under his skin no matter what the dimension.
The commander lets out a hiss that makes the static fill the entire cabin. "Attacks are from high ground, we cannot pin down a location. There is - a red mist." Everybody freezes at that and beside him Tony can hear T'Challa's claws grind into the vibranium of his suit as the king's hands form into fists. "Bombs. A man in black. There has been no sighting of Iron Man or the other machines, so I am forced to believe you are still in the air. These people are not yours?"
"Lukin's never had any complaints from the men who serve under him and he's always had a good mind for strategy. He can't be any worse than Ross," Rhodey says with a shrug. "I mean he never created a knock-off Hulk and that's gotta count for something."
"Friends who stuck us in the Raft," Sam points out, keeping his voice calm and even. "Wanda, what happened in Lagos was an accident. Things could have gone a lot worse if you hadn't acted. It's the same principle here."
I haven't had to flex that muscle in a while. Not with you Avengers doing my job for me. I still get a new video once a week of Captain America's three million dollar dash through Berlin. Even better are the vids from Leipzig. They're long-distance, of course, but I've even gotten one of War Machine falling. I'm saving it for a slow news week."
Tony nods, watching the dim glow of the facility's lights get closer and closer. "Just in case he says no," he says quietly, and out of the corner of his eye he sees T'Challa's hand make an aborted move towards him, only to fall to the man's side with a slow, tired exhale.
"Kamala, Spiderling, you're not the first super-humans we've had and you probably won't be the last. We brought the both of you here because we want you to lead by example. The Avengers were originally just a group of remarkable people, but you know that saying about heroes never dying? You two are what that means. What we're asking you to do here isn't to sit on the bench and watch the world pass by, we're asking you to listen and learn; be the first of a new generation of heroes who can work together as a team to fight the fights the rest of us can't. And we're trusting you," Tony says softly, and Kamala looks up, eyes shining. "To become all that we know you can be."
The glider slams into his side, sending Iron Man careening out into open air. By the time he rights himself the glider is back on him and it comes with blades. Sharp ones. It catches the suits side and sparks fly where they scrape along the vibranium. "Puns," Green snarls from above him. "I hate puns." The glider pushes Tony straight into the next building and the man looms over Tony, holding up his head. "So this is the famous Iron Man. I expected as much. You always were all flash, Stark, no substance."
Pepper's reply to that one is slow-coming, and Tony pats himself a bit on the back while he still can. No doubt revenge will be swift. "FRIDAY, cupcake. Let's just...go ahead and block any calls from Pepper today, shall we?"
Time passes in a weird lurch after that and Tony spends it half-awake and listening for Peter to buzz him if the kid needs help. Earlier, Hope taught Kamala how to properly bandage the wound he hadn't realized he'd gotten on the back of his head but the girl was convinced she wasn't using enough gauze so now he's toting a miniature pillow on his skull; at the very least it makes camping out on this couch easier.
"Even me?" It's a question he's asked himself more than once, and only in this moment, looking back at Barnes, does Tony come to any sort of resolution.
"Tony," Rhodey starts and then sighs, running his hand over his head. "You already understand why he did what he did. Not like it's hard to figure out, we fought over it. That's why you're not gonna call. You already get it and it's not good enough. That's fine, Tones. You've done inexcusable shit before that I got over. You need time, you take time. Viz and I got this."
