Sally had known Sherlock for so long that she knew many of the stranger stories involving her least favorite subordinate. The last time the pair had been in contact with John present she’d asked him if he’d heard about the time Sherlock had kissed a body in the morgue, which had honestly shocked John for all of maybe a second before he remembered that he’d seen Sherlock actually put his nose on a complete stranger’s shoulder during a client meeting just to really get a scent of their cologne. Sherlock had turned a faint shade of pink, casting a glance to John before he rebutted that accusation of kissing with the excuse that he had been inspecting the victim’s face for injection site marks.
,” Sherlock had told him as they ate their burgers, John still with a bigger meal, having not yet given in to the allure of raw squid bits and pellets. At that moment Sherlock decided to jump up from his nuggets, which John questioned why he would even get considering how much the things looked like the fish food pellets.
“Now who on earth told you that?” John said, rounding on the taller man as he continued to rearrange his things in the various cabinets and drawers. Sherlock gave him a look, eyebrow raised on a face that said ‘surely you aren’t that stupid’.
She had long black hair that draped over the shoulders of a expensive-looking suit and the moment he met her eyes he could see a dark glint in them. She could very well be his executioner and her eyes alone told him so. “Well aren’t you a specimen,” she said, a Irish accent strongly coloring her voice. She leaned down a little towards him, hands in her pockets, appraising him as though he were meat at the butcher's counter.
“They all get assigned to riders for a while as part of their training,” Jim told him before Mary could respond. “Nothing too big, they just help with feeding and cleaning, getting some practical experience for the future and all.” He made a weak chuckle.
That night John had another nightmare, same as the last, always falling. This time though, John gave in to temptation, picked up his pillow, and went down to Hyperion’s pit to sleep with him. Hyperion welcomed him with open arms, pulling his rider close to his breast and letting John be soothed by the warmth and strong thumping heartbeat. Both were rattled by the nightmare, worry radiating thinly across the bond to John, but the physical contact helped and before he knew it he was drifting towards sleep again, cradled against the crook of Hyperion’s elbow.
“I understand, you are angry with me,” Sherlock replied, his mental voice betraying emotions his physical baritone hid. Despite all the sulky silence on the outside, on the inside he had nothing hidden and John relished being Sherlock’s mate for the opportunity it gave him to touch and feel what was really going on in his genius mind. Inside Sherlock was still a mishmash of grumpiness and affection and irritation and love and hints of insecurity about John leaving him.
“But what if she’s the one you remember, the one you said you saw before you became a fish?” John said. Sherlock hadn’t remembered any more to add to that memory in the last couple days, but John was still hopeful that maybe something would jog his memory and get him to remember what and who he saw.
John knew the heavy penitent feeling wouldn’t last very long. Sherlock would bounce back to his usual self soon enough, but for now he lazed under the warm contact. Sherlock’s mind was washing over his own with soft feelings of apology and affection, joyful at John’s submission letting Sherlock touch him so thoroughly, short of getting inside of him.
“What do you mean ‘oh good’?” John, still riled up from the shouting, was thrown by Sherlock’s quick return to a somewhat normal attitude. No response came, Sherlock only took his chair, subtly prompting John to take his own and follow, proceeding to replace it from whence it came, John following confusedly behind. Bellamy, if not entirely asleep, looked the part: her eyes had finally closed and her head completely lolled on her side, in contrast to Hyperion who John had only really seen sleeping in a tight ball.
The new watch’s alarm wasn’t nearly as bad the next morning. It was still obnoxious with its staccato beeping but at least it wasn’t blaring through a few layers of hangover headache. They woke together, John kissing Sherlock before untangling himself from his arms. They continued with their normal routine of getting undressed and into the water, both grimacing as they peeled away their soiled underthings gone a bit crusty and disgusting in the night.
The embarrassment was for leaving John. Sherlock was definitely feeling ashamed at having fled, but John also realized he’d very much overwhelmed Sherlock with his own deluge of emotions. He didn’t really blame Sherlock for wanting to distance himself for a little bit. Even though Sherlock, like John, had been born and raised on Earth and picked up human mannerisms he was of course still Mollisian and in the face of abrupt high levels of emotional transference and physical contact he sought distance and isolation, regathering himself. Through the tiny tiny connection John had now, he felt Sherlock’s mind frantically trying to get across that he still loved John.
“You’re not on a case right now, and you need to eat,” John insisted. Sherlock gave him a look that all but said ‘I know that, idiot’ but took the offered food anyway, straightening up in his chair a bit. The moment he popped it open his nose crinkled.
“Sherlock. Would you be up for something a little… more, tonight?” John stumbled a bit over asking. Asking had always been his stumbling point before, but acting on it had always ended so exquisitely well. Sherlock had hummed an affirmation, knowing exactly what John was hinting at, and within the hour Sherlock was stripped naked, and John was watching from the foot of the bed as Sherlock rubbed his hard cock against the soft sheets of his bed. This was how it had started before. The room was slightly warm, and the dim little lamp on his bedside table cast a light yellow glow to the room in conjunction with the soft whitish light coming through the window’s curtains, creating a lovely comfortable environment to fuck in. Sherlock would wind himself up as John watched, until John told him to stop, then would come the soft ropes that had been stored away, and the blindfold, maybe the gag? Sherlock didn’t know. Once John told him to stop, John was in control.
“Shit!” He cursed, looking up at Hyperion and back at what was now a skirmish where his camp had been. He took off running towards the smoke. He needed to help his men. He hoped some survived to help. He felt Hyperion trying to follow after him, left behind as John crossed the distance to the remains of the camp.
“The widow was hiding evidence,” Sherlock stated simply, blank yellow eyeballs rolling as he affected a sigh. He didn’t need to breathe, but the mannerism had been picked up after living around humans for years.
“Good morning boys, John... Sherlock,” Lestrade leveled a less than cheerful face at the taller rider still slouched next to John. “Get in, the rest of the Masters are waiting at the Council Hall.” John couldn’t help but notice that the pair of them sitting on the bench, looking up at Lestrade, looked an awful lot like they were a pair of schoolboys waiting to be scolded by the headmaster, which in Sherlock’s case might be close to the truth. Sherlock just levered himself up and hopped into the back of the Jeep without a word.
“You can mate. Or, you have a mate that’s gone?” John had no idea about the mating habits of dragons really, but before he could dwell on that thought Hyperion replied with the image of the single rabbit again and a bit of sadness underpinned with a very subtle but awkward note of lust, which John had never imagined he’d feel cross that bond. “No mate then, but you want one?” a resounding ‘yes.’ John looked back at the open cabinet of pictures, every picture was one of Hyperion and Victor in varying places and poses rarely was there anyone in the photos other than those two. He’d have to ask Lestrade or Sally about the mate situation.
“John Watson, Dr John Watson, can you hear me?” A woman’s voice calmly asked. “Nod for a yes,” she prompted, leaning in over him. John gingerly nodded up and down for her.
“Of course. I’ll have Sally include some reading for you with the books she’ll be bringing by, and if anything startles you over the next couple days you only need to call. You’ve got a phone don’t you?” Lestrade asked, pulling out his own as Molly pulled out hers.
John thought, taking to heart the many times over the last day people had told him the very same thing: Sherlock would come home when he felt like it.
Another crouch and leap and they were airborne, the smaller dragon’s wings beating faster to get them aloft before leveling off to swoop towards the grey labyrinthine structure of the distant Aerie.
“What?” Sherlock called down, having been up without any headgear on he probably still had the wind in his ears.
“That must have been a sight,” John said, grinning at the mental image of a toga-clad Sherlock storming a crowded stage, bundled up similarly to how he did around the flat in just his sheets.
“And now I’m questioning why.” John mumbled, “You don’t seem to understand why we worry about you, why I don’t want to find you dead one day because you got reckless. I know there’s a caring part of you somewhere in there, I’ve seen your mind, I’ve buried myself in there. You’ve shown me your mind palace and I am there, so are our friends. But then you do shit like this, don’t listen, don’t try to understand…” John trailed off, he was upsetting himself just by talking; it was word vomit of the worst and most hurtful kind. He knew Sherlock had insecurities about John leaving him, even after all the years they’d been together, and the words that were dribbling out of his human mouth sounded like they could be an admission that John was looking to do so.
John felt a pang of sympathy for the both of them just then. He hadn’t really thought much about the fact that Bellamy was still very much grounded, and her rider had been sitting next to John for hours every day being bored out of his mind. John doubted she saw Sherlock much during her waking hours. The plant-shuffling the previous day was probably the most Bellamy had seen her rider in at least a week. The pair had their bond but John knew that just wasn’t the same as physically being with the dragon.
“Sherlock, I don’t know where you’re finding this stuff, but it’s got the same thing in it as that pill you had me analyze for you about a month ago,” Mike said from across the room.
“As far as you know,” Sherlock said raising an eyebrow with a smirk, “besides, they usually talk when helping with Bellamy. I’ve been curious about Jim for years now, that’s plenty of time to have multiple nestlings rotate through her pit and they are very observant given the right incentives.”
“It’s only one of the most fun jobs in the Aerie, especially in the summer. It’s a bit rotten in the winter cause the water’s warm but everywhere else isn’t. You’ll see soon, it’s lots of fun. I’ve been told it’s like a day at the beach only without all the sand, which I think is fine since we get plenty of sand anyway,” she rambled, waving an arm at Hyperion’s mostly untouched sand pit.
“Mmmhmm,” Sherlock hummed, leaning into John and wrapping his arms around him in a hug. John didn’t have time to catch the smirk that spread across Sherlock’s face before the man used his taller body to sway them towards the water next to them. He suddenly fell sideways and John, caught in his arms, went with him. The madman laughed at John’s startled face when they splashed into the water.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away and a very tiny part of John worried he’d somehow pushed the detective back into his thinking spell by asking about it too soon. But then Sherlock appeared next to him, took up the box of biscuits almost before John could put it down, pulled out a handful, and munched on one as he retreated back towards his own chair.
When John surfaced with a coughing gasp that night Sherlock was right there at the edge of the water, long fingers grabbing onto John’s head, curling under his jaw. He felt lips quickly pressed to his hairline, a few small smooches added to his forehead before Sherlock let him go and helped him clear his eyes and ears as usual.
John briefly wondered if Hyperion had a place in the community as well. Upon searching he found a handful of threads scattered across a couple of message boards including one titled “DragonSpottersLondon - Hyperion - tan/gold”, it hadn’t been updated a few months. The last post bore a small question asking if anyone had seen this one or if he’d maybe moved to another Aerie, the post had been made during the time Hyperion had been stationed in Afghanistan with Victor. John decided he’d make a small post on his own blog about Hyperion, nothing too detailed, just an update to say that he was staying in London Aerie, had a new rider, and was injured in the war. While writing the post John even got a lovely warm feeling of affection from Hyperion’s end of the bond, Hyperion was aware that John was definitely thinking about him.
“Your room is upstairs for now; if you want punt the freak out of the room down here, be my guest,” she said looking, down the hall on the other side of the kitchen at a closed door. It was a mess as well in a whole different way; the room had practically been turned into a lab, with beakers, stands, test tubes, and various bits of equipment scattered across the counters, along with a full-sized microscope.
John stepped out of the car and approached the black door. It had a golden number one over a door knocker in the shape of a dragon’s head with a ring in its mouth John didn’t understand why the rather unimposing looking house caused the hair on the back of his neck to prickle with unease, but as he stood at the door the absolute stillness of the compound did nothing to ease the small clench of worry in his stomach.
“There we go, now come here and we’re all set,” John said settling in beside Sherlock. He propped himself up against the wall a bit and pulled Sherlock’s head into his lap, the detective squirming a bit, readjusting himself with the top of his curly head pressed up into John’s belly and his cheek to his thigh, spine bowed and knees tucked up, one hand curling into the loose fabric of John’s pyjama trousers. John smiled down at the re-settled curly head, running his hand over it and playing with the curls. In no time at all Sherlock’s breathing began to even out and he fell asleep, a hand still clutched possessively to the fabric over John’s knee.
About midway through the day John nearly had a heart attack, if fish could have heart attacks. Something big dropped into their tank, at first John could only see a large black object surrounded by massive curtains of bubbles. He darted for Sherlock who was drifting along up closer to the intruder, not entirely sure what he could do to protect the bigger tuna but wanting to be close to him and guard him nonetheless.
“I’m fine,” John said out loud without thinking, Hyperion still heard it because it had to run through his mind before passing his lips, but still his hand went to his mouth fingers pressing to his lips in thought.
“Don’t you dare,” John snapped at him, taking the towel from him and finally wrapping it around his waist. Much as he wanted to continued drying Sherlock off, he wanted something between his arse and the cold slimy concrete.
“Shhh,” John replied, “still here.” Sherlock was so very sensitive after an intense orgasm, he never wanted to be parted from John in the moments afterwards. But John had started to cool and so he had to move to cover them and resume cuddling. Duvet in place, John snuggled up and around Sherlock.
“Huh,” John said, not really having much to add, “Well… I guess I can’t stay mad at you, you didn’t exactly ask for this either, and we’re sort of stuck here till we figure this out.” John absentmindedly put his hand down on Sherlock’s calf, rubbing his shin through the pyjama bottoms.
Sherlock was laid out, finally rid of the netting he’d been captured in, but bound in a new way with his arms twisted and bound behind his back from elbows to wrists and new cuts and bruises definitely blooming. John remembered the healing from before, Jim could heal those marks only to inflict them again, and what a horrific thought that was. “Sherlock,” John called throat tight.
“I know,” John replied, keeping up the slow stroking along Sherlock’s back, the scars painting more of a picture than Sherlock was probably willing to share.
“A very passionate embrace shared by a pair of lovers who were separated by roughly six thousand miles for half a year,” Sherlock said, looking at the sky briefly and continuing their walk across the field, getting out of the way of traffic.
“Woo him?” John spat, coming from Sherlock woo had been sweet and a bit twee, but hearing it from Mycroft, dripping with such contempt, made him want to bash the man over the head with his own umbrella. He swatted away the medic’s hand which was dabbing at the scratch marks on his cheek from Moriarty’s claws and finally stood up, clutching the beach towel around his waist.
As if reading John’s mind again, Sherlock quietly asked, “Dinner?” John’s stomach finally let out a squishy grumble at the mention.
“Not your problem? Sherlock, the only reason they’ve manifested at all is because of you,” John exclaimed. He honestly didn’t want to see anyone killed in general but a death inside the Aerie most likely meant a dragon losing its rider or keeper or a nestling, and no matter how many battles he had experienced, the death of a child still tugged at John’s heart.
“Don’t give me that look, he was the one not holding on,” Sherlock said, shuffling forward to occupy John’s vacated seat.
“W-well yes, I suppose so. Good for Hyperion.” Jim’s eyes flicked back to John, a tiny spasm of a smile twitching the corner of his thin mouth upwards. He finally offered his hand to John for a weak handshake. “Bless you,” Jim mumbled, strengthening his grip just before he let go. Just as John was about to ask if he was alright Jim straightened up with a smile directed towards Sally.
Sherlock himself was climbing over her paw while John had Bellamy distracted, and John saw him ruffle himself trying to get the sand out of his hair and clothes from where she had essentially buried him. When Bellamy seemed satisfied that the containers were harmless she backed down a bit, keeping a sharp eye on her rider as he strode past John, leaving a faint trail of sand which was still falling out of his clothes. He returned with a pair of simple chairs from one of the alcoves. Sherlock sat them down next to the sand facing Bellamy, similar to the chairs back in the flat facing the fireplace.
John was replacing the mop from one of the well hidden ‘employees only’ closets when he saw a pale shape down the hall out of the corner of his eye. John quickly ducked behind a concrete coral display, peering around a brain coral at the lone figure. The lone naked figure who stood  hunched with his arms around himself, illuminated by the light blue glow of the Easter Island shark tank. John crept closer to the man, using the fake ship wreckage as cover. The person sat down on a bench looking into the tank.
“Hyperion?” John shuffled forward. It felt cooler under the tarp and for that John was thankful. He’d been expecting Hyperion to be happy to see him, but what hazy flickers he was getting from the bond signaled a sense of betrayal and irritation.
Stripped, John quickly climbed into the bowl of the fountain. The water was bracing, not exactly warm, but not so cold it was intolerable. Holding his injured arm tight to his side, John waded into the pool up to his waist, held his nose, and quickly dunked himself. He resurfaced just as fast, gasping against the cold of the water, the rivulets running down his face momentarily blinding him.
“Or maybe you want me to tie your legs down too?”  John ground out, leaning down and nipping at the pale flesh of Sherlock’s arse.
John thought, the rush in his ears deafening as he tried to think of what the hell he could do from the opposite building.
“What did I tell you lot about running ahead?!” shouted a familiar voice, making John look up. Sally was marching towards them, looking angry. The kids all seemed to shrink even further in on themselves, not looking her in the eye.
“Haven’t had one in a week, it’s either this or smoke,” Sherlock said, leaning back into the cushions of the sofa. John let the argument die, so long as Sherlock wasn’t poisoning himself it was better to have him using the patches than killing himself slowly with the cigarettes.
“John I heard screaming, that was wind noise a moment ago, what the hell is going on?” he asked, sounding panicked on the other end.
They ate the first part of their meal quietly, enjoying the change of textures and tastes for the first time in over a month in John’s case, even longer for Sherlock. Then Sherlock reached for his drink and drained it in one gulp. John couldn’t help but snicker as Sherlock coughed.
“You’re just trying to feed me up,” Sherlock replied, moving ahead of John towards the door. The only downside of walking behind him was that that long coat covered the riding leather clad arse he’d seen earlier. It still showed off his waist, but sadly his arse was lost to the dark wool. John chuckled at the thought.
“How did you know to come looking for me?” John asked, breaking the silence in the room to ask the spontaneous question while Sherlock was in the kitchen.
They sat together for a while, not saying anything, Sherlock holding onto John like a large teddy bear.
“I, erm--,”John had honestly thought it was an Aerie worker who had been tending to the plants in Hyperion’s pit, considering none of them had started to go brown and die since he’d arrived. He hadn’t really given it too much thought otherwise. John certainly hadn’t figured on the gardener being Sherlock, of all people. “Didn’t think it was you, to be honest.” John finally said.
“What does that mean?” John asked the empty flat. The implications could be many: ‘help I’ve found him and I’m now trapped’, ‘I need you to come bring help I’m injured and dying’, ‘I found the killers hideout, bring backup’. The more he thought on it the more he worried, until the laptop pinged on and he typed as fast as he was able to get whatever Sherlock was trying to show him.
Sherlock sat up next to him very slowly, holding his head as if he were afraid it was about to fall off his shoulders. He blinked at John sleepily, very slightly shook his head and blinked some more, groaning at the motion. He finally looked over to where the watch had been thrown. “That was my watch,” he slurred quietly, as though the sound of his own deep baritone were too loud for his own ears.
John didn’t want Sherlock to pull back into himself just yet. He wasn’t angry with him now, just wanted to know what Sherlock wanted to tell him. “Stay calm,” he stroked lightly over Sherlock soothingly, “how about you tell me what you did?” John suggested, keeping up the loving even pressure on the side of Sherlock not pressed to him.
“Of course it is, but your flatmate’s sister, who I’ve maybe mentioned once, deserves some space in there, yeah?” John replied with laughter in his voice.
“Solving cases that do not require me being present to solve them, trying to keep myself from becoming so mind-numbingly bored here that I decide to leave and become a dying tuna at a crime scene, attempting to figure out what the hell makes me turn into a fish every day.” Sherlock replied dully.
After a long drink, Hyperion returned to finish his food. The rest of it was clean meat, no additions, just large white and red chunks of beef. John threw Hyperion small pieces until his shoulder started to feel sore. Tom fed Hyperion the rest of the meal. Hyperion happily caught any extra little bits thrown with relish before he set about using his forked tongue to lick at the criss crossing of blood trails littering the floor.
“It’s all fine now though, just you saying things that make me question if you’re mortal like the rest of us now and then,” John said with a chuckle. Sherlock let out a low responding chortle.
“You know you wouldn’t look half as much like a runaway scarecrow if you ate more.” John said good naturedly as Sherlock straightened up and followed him off the wall.
He limped downstairs, still keeping an ear out for Sherlock. Upon reaching the landing he could hear the very faint noises of Mrs Hudson milling about down in her flat, but that was all. John ducked into the bathroom for a quick shower, noticing that the light on the other side of the frosted glass door leading to Sherlock’s room was off and the room beyond darkened.
“Didn’t know dragon’s could be so gentle,” John murmured, looking up at the huge creature before him. He’d never seen one of the massive scaly creatures doing anything other than be absolutely vicious and violent on the battlefield, or as pack beasts carrying anything from groups of people to shipping cargo. Hyperion could so easily hurt John by accident, yet he remained careful of his teeth and claws, almost delicate in his treatment of John. Victor was right: smart as a whip did fit this dragon, at least.
“As much as it pains me to say it, I do not know,” Mycroft replied, looking a bit like he’d just swallowed a sour grape. “I will be interrogating them and return with more information… soon. In the meantime, stay inside the aquarium, and keep Sherlock safe,” he added, continuing on his way back towards the exit.
“Sherlock?” John asked with no response. “Sherlock?” he repeated, this time leaning across the table a bit to wave in front of him and garner his attention. “Oi, Sherlock,” John said a bit louder, concern beginning to color his voice as the rider continued to just stare unfocused at a spot in the vicinity of the table. Sherlock suddenly took in a deeper breath and looked up.
“But this one’s so big, how could there possibly have been two?” John asked, looking down at the hatchling laid out on a gurney.
“Well, he helped me out a few years back, proved that I wasn’t stealing things out of the kitchens and caught the guy that was.” Angelo was all wide smiles and laughter and his mood was a little infectious, making John smile too.
They settled in near the multicolor glow of the moon jellyfish tank, the delicate jellies slowly floating around their circular enclosure.
“Much as I like your riding leathers Sherlock,” John started, immediately regretting beginning whatever the hell he was about to say with that of all things, and wished he could reel back in those words, but his mouth kept going as though that tame admission hadn’t even happened, “I wasn’t even here so there’s no memory for them to reinforce.”
“What the hell is this?” John asked brows furrowing, thinking back to the corpse he’d seen lying in the abandoned flat, and trying not to imagine what the concoction had done to her internally.
Sebbie appeared from beyond John’s field of view, still half undressed but seeming to not care as she offered the old book to Jim. “Stand him up for me dear if you would?” Jim asked and Sebbie did so, grabbing Sherlock and lifting him from the ground like he was just a sack of flour. Sherlock’s calm thinking mask was back in place for the most part, as he stood naked before Jim, arms still bound behind his back. John wasn’t fooled by it though. He could see in Sherlock’s eyes the way they kept darting down to look at him that Sherlock was panicking inside, that big brain trying to figure a way out of this if not for him, for John.
Sherlock said nothing during the break, just fiddled with his phone like usual. John left him to his thoughts and rounded up the children to return at the usual time they would go back, for lack of anywhere else to go.
“And anyway, since when do the nestlings report to you? it’s not like they come to the flat,” John asked thinking back over the months and, no, he hadn’t ever seen a nesting in the flat. He’d seen a couple come visit Mrs Hudson downstairs, they’d bring her things from other residents of the Aerie and help Angus carry the shopping, things like that. But he’d never actually seen one come up to see Sherlock, not that he really wanted them to, with the various hazards of the flat and experiments in progress scattered around at any given time.
“Hello there, we work with your Master pretty often, customs and shipping and all that, mostly we work with the people outside the Aerie, local and international flights.” He was a bit more forward than his Master, but friendly all the same; so far it seemed only Sholto and Mycroft were the real stern intimidators of the bunch.
It sounded like people were talking about him and Hyperion as though they were heroes or something. Hopefully nothing bad would come from that talking. A little gossip was one thing, but if something started and blew out of proportion, before John joined the Aerie properly. “Yeah, total rubbish,” John replied, “It wasn’t exactly a firefight either though, sorry, we were between skirmishes sort of. One of my men spotted Victor’s parachute in the bush and turned out Hyperion wasn’t far away. Honestly, it was an accident, never heard of any of this bonding stuff before. We were ambushed after the bonding, though, that’s how I got hurt, if anyone was wondering,” John said, looking over to Hyperion, who was making the bond veritably buzz with eager anticipation.
“Got everything upstairs Mr. Holmes,” he said conspiratorially. Sherlock reached into a side pocket of the bag still over one shoulder and produced a chocolate bar with a fiver wrapped around it. The boy took it with a big smile and without another word more passing between them quickly brushed by John on his way out the door.
“And those pills are loaded with that stuff,” John said. It wasn’t a question, and he barely resisted rehashing the argument over the fact that Sherlock had nearly taken one of those pills.
“So if I need to find you or any of the other Masters?” John asked, still studying the Aerie map on their way back to his flat, finding smaller things, like the grocery stores, and public showers, and the taxi pick up points along the edges for people without cars wanting to go into the city.
“As someone who was on the ground, it would have been great to know just how many dragons would be falling down around our ears before getting shipped out,” John said, thinking back to just how many huge scaly corpses he had dodged. He shivered, goosebumps raising all over.
“Shit, John, put me on speakerphone, I got that call,” John did so and he heard a slightly distant sounding crying, Lestrade had put the woman on speaker as well so they could all hear.
“Let me stop you right there,” John interrupted. “I wasn’t forced to be with you at the aquarium. If I had wanted to I could have completely avoided you and stayed in other areas of the building. Hell, I probably could have turned into a fish in one of the other tanks, too. I chose to stay near you. I enjoy being with you, and if all the spectacular snogging and shagging we’ve been doing hasn’t helped reinforce that in that thick skull of yours I’m not sure what will.”
John arched his eyebrow at that. “You’re actually going to use that?” he asked following Sherlock’s lead and pulling the various components of their meal out of his bag too.
John stepped forward onto the sand. It was soft and had give to it like the sand at a beach; his boots sunk into it a little. Hyperion’s head was down and in his face in a matter of moments, growling low enough John could feel it in his chest. He flinched at the sudden movement, readying to duck the massive beast’s head. Hyperion didn’t bite him or hit him, but he came very close, intimidating. John reached up his good hand and tentatively laid it on the huffing hot dragon’s nose.
“A nice surprise, you’ll see in a bit,” John replied, batting away the playful towel. They dressed and John led Sherlock up to their normal meeting place to retrieve their food. Sherlock seemed very wary of whatever the ‘surprise’ was and trailed behind John, who could almost feel his eyes boring into the back of his skull.
“That’s not the point, Sherlock! It is evidence from a crime scene, you should have left it there and alerted us to its location.”
“Whoever this killer is has been here for years possibly, just biding their time, waiting, this will be fun. If anything it gets us out of those tedious classes, I wonder if they’ll strike again soon,” And off Sherlock went, starting for the door.
“This is what flatmates do, right? List the worst about each other, lay ground rules?” Sherlock replied, sounding genuinely confounded.
“Fascinating, interesting, amazing,” he sing-songed, lifting his head off the arm of the sofa a bit before hunching back down with his cheek smushed into the leather and his shoulders round his ears.
All climbing aside, John broke the nearly hypnotic staring match to look over at Sherlock who was still looking rather grumpily at him with a pouted out lower lip like he was contemplating how best to inconvenience John in the near future. Bellamy bucked quickly, shaking Sherlock good and hard in the saddle and flattening him down into her neck. The spell of Sherlock’s quiet seething broke as he tried to right himself only to have Bellamy give him another shake, rustling her wings with a sound like the shaking of a large palm fronds. “Fine, I apologize, are you happy? Can we be done with this pointless socialization now?” Sherlock spat, sitting up and clinging to his upright position with hands on the saddle before him as Bellamy shimmied herself a little more with a grumble.
“Do you know who Sherlock Holmes, is Dr Watson?” he asked, as he serenely strolled past a massive tank with a replica whale skeleton settled in the bottom. Children ran around everywhere and the place was in general a loud echoing room, forcing John to keep close to the aloof man just to hear him.
John pushed inwards with his hand at the same time he leaned forward to capture Sherlock’s lips, nearly folding him in half with the knee that had managed to find its way over John’s shoulder. “Ready?” he asked teasingly, curling fingers hard inside, stroking inner walls, and making Sherlock writhe a little more.
“I’ll buy you a new one if he ruins it, dear,” Jim replied, slipping back into her sweet voice again. She leaned up on her tiptoes and pecked Sebbie on the cheek. John watched as the tall woman’s icy features melted even further into a fond smile.
John let go of Sherlock and right away removed himself to sit on the floor. “I’m not hurting him, Angus,” John said, recognizing protective behavior.
I am so sorry that it took so long for this update, life got really crazy and hectic suddenly. I am working on the next chapter, I'm sorry I'm a bit of a slow writer sometimes. ^_^' I've just started back to college so that might have a bit of an impact on my writing, but I swear no matter how long it takes I will finish this fic.
“Oh,” was Sherlock’s own small response before he rubbed up against John a little harder like a large cat giving a particularly forceful headbutt. He moved himself slightly so that he might be able to get the non-orangey parts of himself into contact with John so that he’d be properly covered in stains again. “Love you John,” he said quietly once he settled atop John again like a warm amber blanket.
Until he didn’t come back for hours. Around lunch John sent him a text: ‘Will you be coming home tonight?’ which never got a reply. Sherlock appeared late that night when John was preparing for bed. The detective wandered past the door, completely silent, as John was brushing his teeth. Sherlock sequestered himself in his room with no explanation as to what he had been up to all day. John just let him have his privacy; as long as he didn’t get an angry phone call saying Sherlock had broken the rules of his grounding, John was happy to leave the rider alone if he wanted it.
“Have I been so awful as to make you think about that time too?” Sherlock asked with an upset tone as he clung to John.
John was a little shocked by that, the idea that if anything happened it almost instantly somehow got around the Aerie, but then it made him wonder, there were people that were interested in what Sherlock got up to?
“Shut up!” John bit out, eyes flicking to Damir quickly before adding, “sir.” This man was striking nerves still raw.
“You seem to know a lot about giving dragons baths,” John said with a smile, feeling much better now that she was on the ground and they’d gotten away from the topic of flight and war.
“I’ll send for someone to bring you a few changes of clothes and necessities,” Henry told him as Luke set about gently rearranging the hatchling on the padding. With that they left the new rider alone to settle.
“I wanted to ask you a question,” John started, holding up the laptop cables in his fist for Sherlock to see. “How did you know I needed these?” Sherlock’s face closed off, the raised eyebrows of attentiveness flattening out. John swore he could almost see his eyes darken and dart for the bedroom door visible beyond John’s shoulder. “Sherlock, answer the question, I swear if I have to pin you down to get you to answer I’ll do it.” There was a glint in Sherlock’s blue eyes, challenge accepted, and Sherlock rose from his chair.
“Oh,” the fact that Sherlock even admitted that he had been feeling overwhelmed at all gave John a warm feeling in his heart, that Sherlock was trusting him finally and opening up a bit more. This evening had been the most John had seen Sherlock’s mask slip and fall since he’d met him, since the flatmate discussion. There was something vulnerable and soft and squishy in there that really pushed at John’s protective buttons, even before he’d really seen it he still wanted to be nearby and defend Sherlock. “You know you can talk to me, right?” John asked.
“Says the man who just last week made the flat smell of formaldehyde for the better part of a day and regularly wears nicotine patches to curb a smoking habit, don’t think I don’t know about the cigarettes hidden under the skull.”
“You’re welcome, sir. Usually the bonding kids are ravenous so we figured you’d be the same,” he said with a little grin. “Enjoy your meal, dinner will be around 6 or so.” And with that he left, skirting back around Hyperion. John faintly heard the door close as he tucked into his lunch.
“I was right about Carl, I was right that there was something suspicious, right that he had been murdered, and no one believed me at the time,” Sherlock interrupted lightning quick to cut off John’s question. "Spent a whole year alone and all that time thinking I was wrong,” he added quietly going back to clinging to Bellamy as he turned and hugged onto her nose.
“Of course not, but we do live in what is basically the Aerie’s mailroom, I saw it while fetching some things of my own and brought it to Lestrade’s attention.” His face scrunched in a sneer of contempt, “he tried to rope me into a delivery assignment again.”
Irene’s red lips thinned to a simple smile. “Aw, you’re still new, you’ll get the hang of it soon enough.” Her voice took on a light-humored coddling tone, as if she were speaking to one of the nestlings, and John’s face heated more, this time in embarrassment.
“I-impressive?” He croaked; his knees felt wobbly and Hyperion was the only thing really keeping him standing.
Bellamy seemed to enjoy her exercise, though, and John was perfectly happy to watch the dragons overhead from his place between Hyperion’s shoulders on the ground. But he did feel the tang of longing across the bond, a sad sort of feeling that made the pleasure of watching the colorful and shimmering wings above sour in John’s mind. The longer they watched the more aware of it John became as Hyperion’s desire to join them increased. It made him feel guilty for chuckling at Sherlock and Bellamy’s escape attempts, made him feel like an absolute heel for enjoying the spectacle of a particularly rotund dragon lifting itself of the ground with help and supervision of the veterinarians. The more he looked at other dragons big and small taking flight, the more it made John feel like the most abominable person on the planet for not letting Hyperion have that too somehow.
The next stop was the training fields, an absolutely massive area that stretched out far as the eye could see beyond the walls of the Aerie, rolling grassy hills and forests. Lestrade told him that the whole area was uninhabited by humans and considered a national reserve. The fields were so expansive that a dragon colony actually lived on the premises. Lestrade mentioned that the wild colony was well kept by rangers and used to train other riders for dealing with situations where interacting with feral dragons might be necessary. John had never seen a feral dragon before and he supposed that was a good thing, though he was curious as to how different they were compared to the bonded ones he’d met so far.
John couldn’t argue that. Hyperion’s leg was definitely starting give in for the day and it was affecting him. He’d grown more and more used to the stabbing phantom feeling over the months they’d shared it, but that didn’t mean he wanted it around. John sure didn’t want to have to be hobbling with the cane again for Christmas so it would behove them to get Hyperion back into his heated enclosure.
“Sherlock, what’s all this about eggs? What’s she looking for?” John asked, watching her fly off beyond a line of buildings. “Hold on. Is it safe to let her just go flying off on her own like that?”
Upstairs the kitchen door sat open to reveal Sherlock poking around inside the open suitcase on the kitchen table. He appeared clean and wore a new button up with the sleeves rolled up and yellow kitchen gloves as he fished floppy pieces of eggshell out of the slime and deposited them on a towel nearby. As John stood there watching Sherlock absorbed in his work he noticed a trio of round patches on one arm.
“Careful Watson, he’s been a bit on the touchy side this week without you, take it slow reintroducing yourself to him.” Omar told him, staying back at the doorway while he nudged John forwards.
“Sherlock, he’s in trouble, he’s been taken somewhere and I’m fairly certain by a known murderer,” he blurted out.
John reached for Hyperion’s neck and felt the scales shaking. He looked back at Sally before he walked to Hyperion’s head. “Hyperion,” he started quietly, “hey, I’m going to be fine. Remember Kandahar, I told you I’d come back and I did, and we didn’t even have a good strong bond like we’ve got now. You can ‘talk’ to me wherever I go, and I’ll still be right here.” John patted the side of Hyperion’s head as high up as he could reach.
“All this shit just to get me up in the air again? No, fuck no. I’ll tag along to get Hyperion out for some change of scenery but hell if I’ll be off the ground today!” John realized he’d raised his voice, striding up to Sherlock, and forced himself to calm again as others milled about them.
“Shhhhhh,” Sherlock shushed, quietly smiling as he pulled John to lay on top of him. Sherlock had John held like a teddy bear to his chest, long legs spread to either side of John on the bench.
“Oh, yes, walk let’s take a walk,” Sherlock’s face broke into a ridiculous wide grin and John watched as he began the struggle to stand up, nearly making it before landing back on the floor on his arse. “My legs seem to be malfunctioning, John,” came the detective’s plaintive moan.
“Stick around here long enough and you’ll see so many it’ll become old hat.” Just then there was a loud clang on the open door.
The rain stopped abruptly as did the car itself; they’d reached wherever they were going. John heard the murmur of distant voices and suddenly light was introduced to his pitch black confines as the boot was popped open. John shied away from the blinding beam of a torch like a movie monster to a brandished flame.
“Where’s her phone? It wasn’t on her body and its not in this suitcase,” Sherlock prompted waving over the mess as though John just wasn’t looking hard enough. John honestly hadn’t been thinking about it, too impressed by all the other whirling deductions around that corpse to really notice that bit.
The longer they talked, the more John relaxed and felt at home in this strange yet comfortable flat, and the better it made Hyperion feel. John’s calm and comfort became Hyperion’s and helped lessen the dragon’s unease. The inkling of anxiety and worry remained, but every time John concentrated hard on the bond Hyperion seemed much more relaxed and would actually send John quavering hope ‘you’re alright?’ and curious ‘lady at the door is good?’ It helped settle John even further.
She huffed and leaned towards John, murmuring, “the guy you’re rooming with is a bloody psychopath, he is. Best to keep your door locked at night and keep away from him if you see him.”
Sherlock squirmed his way back up till he could look back at the sign as well, sending the both of them tumbling slowly backwards onto the floor, Sherlock sitting on John’s lap. Sherlock squinted at the sign hard before replying. “Don’t.” Sherlock said with a snorted snicker.
Sherlock chose a small table with a pair of squishy chairs, away from most of the people in the room. John watched him as he moved his chair to put his back to the wall.
John felt he should at least start trying to clean up Hyperion’s home, since the dragon himself had pretty much expended his energy for the day and should probably stay resting. He dragged some of the palm fronds over closer to the door, unable to really lift them with both arms so just flopping them into a pile against the wall. After a while of that though, John’s stomach decided to remind him that he still hadn’t eaten much of anything and needed lunch. He looked to Hyperion sadly, not wanting to leave again so soon but needing food.
“I do, because I’ve been doing this decades longer than you, remember,” Sherlock replied calmly and quietly. He leaned forward a smidge and closed the space between them for a brief second to peck John on the forehead. John felt the quick push of a pair of soft lips on his skin, and, funny that, the various parts of him that all wanted to fly appart in panic quieted into one mildly confused bundle. Sherlock then wrapped him in a brief tight squeeze of a hug, as though he were squashing all those panicky bits back together into one whole Watson again. He then straightened up and turned to go back to Bellamy. John was still watching after him in slight confusion, Sherlock had definitely kissed him and before he had time to really let his mind wander off on that tangent Sherlock’s voice broke in again. “Come on John, you know I don’t like repeating myself.”
“Er, you’d be able to tell better than me si- Greg.” The Master should know these things better than the novice.
“Sherlock,” John replied weakly, clinging to his mate’s mind, wanting to wrap himself around Sherlock and hold on forever.
“If that works for you,” He chuckled, getting back up off the bed. “Say it again.” John ordered as he went to get the box where their toys were stored.
His heart panged a little at the thought of a very small Sherlock running around trying to tell people things and getting pushed away.
John didn’t really know what to say to that, the depth of feeling Sherlock seemed to hold hidden just for Bellamy was incredible and contradicted so much of the normally rude uncaring persona he projected in his day to day life. If anything, Bellamy was pampered in the extreme because not only did she have Sherlock loving on her in secret, she also had others in the Aerie caring for her because they thought Sherlock was a sociopathic nuisance who wouldn’t do so properly.
“Oh, nothing quite as juicy as that. People are just mostly curious about you cause you are from the field, the novelty will wear with some time.”
“Obviously you’ve been doing this for a long time somewhere else,” John had said, “why in the flat now?” he asked watching Sherlock lower his hips to the mat while pushing his shoulders up, creating a lovely bow shape with his back.
“I play the violin whenever the mood strikes me; I can go for days without talking; as you can see I do conduct experiments in the flat. You are free to read whatever books you want off the shelves.” Sherlock paused in his rapid-fire list to toss an arm out in the direction of the sitting room’s bookshelves, then continued his bullet points: “I can cook but don’t often, so if you want food make it yourself; you will never enter my bedroom without my explicit permission.” Something sounded off to John about that last bit, as if that room had been invaded before and Sherlock wanted to nip any thoughts John had about it in the bud from the start.
Hyperion stirred on the other end of the bond at John’s worrying, questioning what had John radiating the complex mix of anxious fear. John found the website Sherlock wanted and put in the email and password.
John nearly intervened at that moment, he did not need Sherlock prodding Sally and getting into a row with her on the training grounds. The resulting strop over not being allowed to fly along with whatever other punishments she could dole out were not something John wanted to live through. But rather than get angry she laughed.
Mrs Hudson unlocked the door and Angus led the way in, sitting right next to a set of stairs. John followed her up the stairs, Sally bringing up the rear carrying John’s duffel. The inside looked as average as the outside: worn wooden stairs, nicely wallpapered walls, a door leading towards Mrs Hudson’s flat at the bottom of the stairs. At the top of the stairs the doors sat open and John entered his new flat.
John saw a rant building quickly right before him, Sherlock’s eyes were flashing with with annoyance as his voice took on the whinging cadence of a throng of questions akin to those asked of celebrities.
They both worked together to get the hatchling out of the room, pushing the gurney out into the main barn again and towards an open stall, John following close behind the whole time. The huge stall was mostly padded, no sand at all, a small water fountain but otherwise the majority of the room the high walls created were soft. It all dwarfed the little hatchling, but it was warm and apparently it would be the stage for someone’s bonding. Mike darted off and returned with a sealed box of food for the hatchling, which he left outside for the time being, Molly prepared some water and towels for cleaning up the mess that would follow, even from what promised to be a weak feed. John watched all of the quick prep work from the doorway of the stall, Molly and Mike both lifted the hatchling from the gurney and placed it on the padded section of the stall facing the door.
“Hmm or is it just that you like the adrenaline; you like seeing the battlefield again through dear Sherlock. Not loyalty then, but the poor substitute to feeling the rush and knowledge that a bullet might be waiting over the next hill.”
Tom chuckled, “It’s Wednesday. See you soon.” He waved good-bye and, with a quiet rattle of the doors opening and closing, he was gone.
“Incredibly good,” John replied. “Perfect way to end an evening.” He added shifting to peck Sherlock on the cheek. Sherlock appeared to relax further at the assurance that his advances had been welcome, “You’ve been resisting doing that for a while, haven’t you?” John asked quietly.
“Something’s bothering you,” John could see it even though Sherlock’s face was rapidly closing off, “anything else you wanted to say?”
The man smirked. “A rider who is far your superior,” he said, a note of pompous superiority in his words. “And one who would be willing to provide a rather generous supplement to your current wages if you would do me a… a sort of favor.” His smirk curled at the edges, reminding John a bit of the Grinch with a scheme, and John did not like it.
Sherlock nodded against his shoulder, “To be honest the chances of you being reassigned or transferred away from this Aerie are basically nil… but you just never know, all those years ago I naively thought he would be here forever too.”
“Oi! Come back!” John shouted, running after the tall man. He had looped back into the aquarium, heading towards where John had found him the night before. The headache pounding in John’s skull only increased with the exertion of trying to keep up with those long legs. Adrenaline was pumping as he watched the man slide around a corner into a niche that dead-ended with a door to the staff only areas next to the shark exhibit. Unfortunately John had forgotten to re-lock that door after cleaning up the water so the man was already beyond it when John rounded the corner, breathing hard. Through the door he saw the pale man beginning to strip out of the stolen clothes, whipping the top off as he climbed the metal grated stairs going up to the tank.
“Holy shit,” John breathed as Hyperion’s emotions flooded into him and John let it happen. It wasn’t like he enjoyed being scared out of his mind and terrified into being ill, if this was an escape route he’d take it. John could feel dirt beneath his feet, Hyperion’s talons, his belly in the grass; he was grounding John, sending up feelings of being steady on the ground even as Bellamy came out of the never ending spiral and soared away.
“Er, I’ll be back tomorrow,” Lestrade said lamely. The noise seemed to startle John who quickly put a little space between him and Sherlock. “Got some paperwork that needs filling out,” he added.
John smirked down at him. “Let me try this,” he said, and then the condom was in his mouth. John’s mouth descended on Sherlock’s cock, and Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment as John swallowed his cock down in one easy motion, coming back up leaving the condom in place, sheathing him. John chuckled. “Haven’t done that in a while.”
“When will you shed?” John wondered to himself, rubbing wet hands against dry scales. Hyperion enjoyed John’s touch; even though the bond was becoming stronger without it, it still felt strongest when in actual physical contact. John splashed some more water on him, just having some fun, laughing when Hyperion snorted and splashed him back.
“Mmm, John,” He moaned almost pitifully, sounding incredibly tired, like it took all his remaining energy just to think.
Tom eyed him with an arched brow. “You know, there’s another bit of rumor going around says you’re afraid of flying,” he said. John could feel his face heating, how had they found that out?!
“Ooooh yes, say my name,” John groaned pushing his hand up into Sherlock’s hair and tugging slightly.
“No ma’am, looks like a bag of mashed up watermelon to me.” In that moment John realized he’d lost Sherlock’s color stains. Focusing hard and looking at the bit of himself in the light he saw that in the sloshy horror that was his drug induced enfeeblement, not only had his natural color paled to something indeed closer to unripe watermelon but he’d also dropped nearly all of Sherlock’s orange coloring. Only a couple small spots remained that he could detect, and it made a part of him clench in distress that he had actively tried to get rid of them only a short time ago and now they actually were gone.
It took a moment for the initial panic residue of the memory to subside so that John could hear and feel Sherlock’s assurances. That he would be safe and Sherlock would be there for him.
Winding through corridors both massive and small brought them to a large courtyard covered in grass with small single doors at regular intervals around the edges. In a long stripe around the wall was a mosaic reading ‘Nestling Preparatory School of London Aerie’ with murals of eggs and small dragons interacting with people, taking up the rest of the courtyard’s walls above the doors. One of the doors along the wall was propped open and as they entered another bunch of children filed inside. Sally’s group broke out of their line and quickly made their way towards the door as well, but she followed them over, John coming along behind her.
John felt a little light-headed and drained. Once he got walking again he realized that there had been other people around attending to dragons in their pens who had stopped to see what was going on. He briefly thought about apologizing for the scene he’d created; of all the things to be phobic of, flying was one of the more ridiculous ones. Thankfully Omar spoke first.
“Item one: there are more than twenty recorded instances of you landing outside of designated landing zones, including a few where your dragon flew unaccompanied. There are several counts of both minor and major damage to civilian property due to these unacceptable landings; the latest accounted for is the most severe on record. Item two: you have neglected your duties for the last several weeks and have only completed a handful of the tasks assigned to you since your last disciplinary hearing. Item three: a rather astonishing list of complaints from Aerie residents and riders that has only been growing longer as time passes.” Lestrade held up a thick folder of papers with little bits of sticky notes and tabs littering the edges. “These complaints include reports of unauthorized entry and interaction with another rider’s dragon while in their pit, destruction of Aerie property, vehicular theft, and multiple complaints of verbal abuse and slander.”
Sally swallowed a chunk of cantaloupe before responding, “Breakfast is 6 to 10, any later than that for any meal you’re getting scraps, snacks, and cereal bars, or you’re cooking for yourself. Lunch is noon to 3, dinner is 6 to 10 as well-”
Sherlock and John sat and ate their meal together in a corner near the stingray pool, the floppy fins of the rays peeking over the edge of the tank now and then. Their night continued quietly. Sherlock appropriated a computer for some e-mail and website checking and a few easy cases to solve. After a while he gave up on that and slumped down onto John in front of the whale skeleton tank, they sat there talking for a while with Sherlock’s head resting in John’s lap. They both dozed off together again, John’s hand in Sherlock’s hair, only to be awakened by the alarm telling them to get back in the water.
“Actually that reason was true, I usually do move indoors in the winter. You just happen to be here this year,” Sherlock said. “And it would do your shoulder some good to join me,” he added tapping fingers against said shoulder making John a little more aware of the lowkey ache that had been there since the weather turned chilly.
“Well they’re not just going to go away, Sherlock.” Judging by how Sherlock was gathering up his things and haphazardly putting them away as was his usual John could see Sherlock was about to begin one of his epic retreats, the kind that ended with either a bedroom door being closed or a long visit to Bellamy, so John tried to get in his words before the long quiet happened. But what could he say, Sherlock seemed dead set on ignoring his fans, no amount of ‘look! people who actually seem to like you!’ appeared to be getting through. “If you don’t say anything they’ll just keep messaging me.” John finally added. And Sherlock stopped moving for a moment, door to the fridge open, with a box of something stopped mid-way onto the shelf.
“You might not have said it but you sure seem to be trying awful hard, and I’m staying put.” John honestly liked the flat: it was nice and cozy, Mrs Hudson and Angus downstairs were good company, and Sherlock, for all his oddities, was fascinating to be around.
“I need a car. Now. Preferably one you don’t mind getting messy.” He rattled off the address and hung up again without so much as a goodbye.
She looked bashful, blushing and instantly finding her fidgeting fingers far more interesting than his face. “My name’s Mary,” she mumbled.
Once buried John stilled, for both of their sakes, letting Sherlock adjust and keeping himself from going off instantly. “Okay?” John wanted this to be good for Sherlock and so far it seemed so; coming instantly felt like it would ruin the moment. Sherlock reached up and curled a hand around the back of John’s head, carding fingers through his hair as blown pupils gazed up at him. “Move,” he demanded a heel slipping up behind John and digging gently into his lower back.
“Well, you’ve met him now, you’ve seen. He rules by intimidation, Mycroft is smart, genius level, and if you see past the dramatics and pompous attitude you might manage to impress him, maybe get on his good side. Piss him off, though, and you’re in for a nightmare. Most people just see the wall of intimidation and ask him how high to jump when he says so.”
“We’ve landed, Dr Watson, please remain seated and away from the door. A crewmember will be down shortly to collect you.” The world went back to slow swaying motions as John clutched to Hyperion’s side, giggling with hysterical joy at the nightmare being finally over. One more thud when the crate was lowered to the ground and then everything stopped moving. John was still curled up with Hyperion when he heard the seal on the door open and many voices suddenly invaded the quiet space.
John left the circle of houses very much aware of the car slowly following him. It caught up to him at the first intersecting hall he came to where he stopped, trying to make sense of the signs posted high on the corners and find one pointing in a direction he thought was familiar. The back window of the car rolled down.
Sherlock moved over and bent to give Mrs Hudson a hug and light peck on the cheek, “We’ll just be upstairs,” he said, going back to John and moving him towards the door and the stairs beyond.
“Good for them,” she said, “after the day they’ve been through I’m sure she could use the company.” It almost sounded like she knew about the latest trouble with the cabbie at the college too, but John didn’t ask.
“Comfortable?” Sherlock asked with a small laugh that vibrated through John’s back and made him smile in return.
While John was smiling fondly at the sight a towel landed on his head. He struggled with the surprise object for a moment before he managed to get turned around and see Sherlock behind him spreading out a towel of his own on the ground under the raised edge of Bellamy’s wing. John followed suit, laying his towel down against the side of Hyperion’s arm, opting to lay in the sun. He leaned against Hyperion’s warm scales and watched the world go by.
“You wouldn’t have taken that any more that you would have taken the actual truth. Sherlock is usually rather stealthy about his goings on here. Had my assistant not failed to provide him his clothing for the night you might not have even seen him, or would have thought him a regular employee here,” Mycroft reasoned. John took in a massive breath, feeling air pass over gills as he sighed. It felt extremely strange.
Sherlock leaned towards him even as John pulled away again, as though he were magnetically pulled towards John’s skin. But John just shuffled on, going about picking up the clothes he’d scattered around the kitchen earlier. Sherlock followed, not really doing anything, just wandering after John around the kitchen, down the hall, and into their bedroom where John tossed the clothes into the hamper for cleaning.
“Horrible pillow talk,” Sherlock grumbled sleepily next to John’s ear, giving said ear a small peck. He did shift though, rolling off, but staying snugged up to John’s side. The quiet returned as both bathed in the endorphin glow of orgasm. John was almost convinced Sherlock had fallen asleep until he spoke quietly right into his ear again, making John startle.
“Yes.” Sherlock replied not looking up. Jim’s hands were shaking as he raked through his hair a couple times, still staring at Sherlock even with the dismissal.
John’s duffel bag from the field station he’d been assigned to came in the day before he was scheduled to fly. He rummaged through his jumbled meager possessions, rearranging and repacking, until he stumbled across a couple pictures of him and the boys in the unit he’d been working with, his unit. John’s heart clenched as he looked at them and realized all of the other men were probably dead. He’d spent months patching up his men and others out in the field.
Sherlock didn’t respond, the air around them seemed to cool a fraction, and John looked over to see him quietly glaring over his knees, lips pressed into an unhappy line. John realized he probably should ease up on the teasing in that moment. He could tell Sherlock was probably contemplating why he’d even said anything about Harry, any more poking and Sherlock was likely to get up and flee to his room as he usually did when he didn’t like the direction a conversation was going. He was grateful that Sherlock had reminded him about his sister and didn’t want him to disappear for the rest of the day just yet.
“I’ve lived here all my life, Sally is not the only other inhabitant of this Aerie,” Sherlock replied. “This one’s gone off,” he mumbled, pitching the furry jar into the garbage can.
“No you don’t, I never told you about it, how could you possibly know?” Sherlock murmured sounding fractionally like his usual self. John chuckled, deliberately tracing the web of scars over Sherlock’s shoulders.
John visited Hyperion multiple times a day during Sherlock’s silent spell, not having much else to do around the flat but sit and watch the other rider breathe. Mary began her helping duties right away, accompanying Tom to Hyperion’s daily medication rounds. John got to watch as Hyperion delicately took his vitamin- and pill-laden food from her smaller hands. She also asked if she could come and play with Hyperion, Mary showed him that she too had a small flip phone she could text him with and quickly took his number. John agreed to let her play with Hyperion as long as he was around, worried about the girl’s safety. John trusted Hyperion wouldn’t hurt her intentionally, but accidents happen.
They rounded yet another corner and came to a halt in a large hexagon-shaped area. Each of the six walls were covered with the facades of tall houses, as opulent as though they’d been plucked out of high-end neighborhoods around London and plopped down there. There was a roundabout and a massive pillar in the middle with a white dragon statue atop it. They stopped before a simple yet elegant house with pale bricks, white pillars, and a stark black door. It had no overflowing flower boxes or lush green lawn like its neighbors, just a wrought iron fence with a small gate, sterile in comparison to the houses around it.
He threw a questioning glance at Mycroft, who slipped his phone back into his pocket and proceeded to get out of the car. John followed and finally got an answer. “The London Heliport, mainly for tourists, but it’ll do,” Mycroft said walking toward the gate, which opened to reveal a small troupe of people similarly dressed to the ones John had seen secure the restaurant earlier. He followed Mycroft across the helipads out towards the Thames where a black helicopter sat illuminated by one yellowy light on a pad over the water. Four of the agents climbed into the back of it, two taking seats as the pilots, the rest stayed hovering near Mycroft.
She was moving towards the curtain around his bed and stuck her head out; she spoke to someone on the other side, but John couldn’t hear what was being said. When she came back, her calm mask was back as well.
John moved away from the railing leading Sherlock towards the scaffolding stairs to see the pair under water. For a Moment he had thought Sebbie would revert to simple shark instincts and tear into the blubbery mammal entering her tank, but instead the pair simply circled around each other. Jim, the more flexible of the two, clung close to Sebbie’s sides, hugging her fins and butting her whiskered face into Sebbie’s rough hide. Still a strangely loving pair even in this form.
They continued talking even after finishing their tea. Mrs Hudson had been in the London Aerie for a long time with Angus, with only a few brief stays at other Aeries. She mentioned one last station in Florida; they’d been there along with her then-husband one more time before returning to London and staying permanently.
“Oh, he’s downstairs watching the telly, likes to watch the morning news. Milk or sugar?” she asked, as if a relatively small dragon watching television was the most normal thing in the world.
John soon found out what ‘papercuts’ meant. For the first time since he’d been captured Paul opened the medical bag and John felt cool air hit his skin. Normally the fresh air would have been a lovely feeling, a cool balm after being too warm for too long, but under the effects of the drug everything was amplified to a ludicrous degree. The air felt like someone had stuck ice against his skin. Everything was overwhelming and John had no way to escape it.
“What are you sorry for?” John finally asked after a moment of quiet between them. “I’m the one that got kidnapped.”
“No,” Sherlock replied unconvincingly. “It is idiotic to think that we would transform again after spending a whole day not in that state.”
“Sir, I brought Mr Holmes for you,” he said, pulling on Lestrade’s sleeve to get his attention. Lestrade’s gaze went right to Sherlock and John could see an almost desperate slightly panicked look in his eyes.
“That was you?” As John looked he did recognize the red. “Erm, thank you, for helping us,” he finally said.
And then there was Jim and John watched wide eyed as her shape began to warp, as Sebbies had before. Her whole body began to change, the seams of her suit ripping and splitting as her body swelled and grew, her arms shortened, her legs fused, and her face, her face was the most terrifying change of all. Jim’s face began to elongate like something out of a monster film, the werewolf’s muzzle emerging from human features, her open screaming mouth filled with wicked serrated teeth, her cries changed pitch but not volume. Her long black hair seemed to meld into her skull and skin, wherever the strands lay they became like an inky tattoo on her flesh. Her skin greyed and spots formed, her belly and chin stayed pale and white but the rest of her gained new markings, and what remained of her elongating hands and feet turned dark.
“I know,” Sherlock replied coolly. John could tell the detective had run out of steam and just wanted to be left alone now.
They sat there quietly and absorbed their tea, much like they had hours and hours before. Before the sex, before the argument, before the kidnapping they’d just sat across from each other having tea. And for a strange undefinable reason the thought made John feel the whole evening crash down on him, the aching and soreness and fear and sadness, and all the other muddled feelings swamping him. His skin started trembling slightly with the force of it. It was like a dam had broken and he just couldn’t plug it up; Sherlock only tucked him closer, setting down his mug and curling tight around John.
“Just a local anesthetic,” she replied, having stopped when Hyperion began to struggle with her on his hip.
“You said my clothes smelled like Harry, when did you get so familiar with my clothing?” John said. He wasn’t upset, just curious, cause he already had an inkling of what Sherlock was going to say and the mental image made him have to fight a grin down.
The man to her right rolled his eyes. “There’s something to be said for a little formality,” he said gruffly before leaning forward as well for a handshake. “Master James Sholto, Military branch, and this is my First Officer Stephen Bainbridge.” He indicated a thin, dark-skinned man sitting next to him who followed suit in leaning forward to greet John with a quiet, “hello.”
“Well, humans need company from each other too, I don’t mind being around to talk with, get you out of that big head of yours,” John said. “Like you’ve told me multiple times, we’re sort of stuck together,” Much as he didn’t want to, he pulled back, Sherlock clung on for a second more before finally letting John go. Sherlock didn’t meet his eyes right away, looking like he’d overdone it on the hug, he’d been out of his shell for a little too long and needed to put that protective mask back on. “So, you think this kidnapper, bomber, person is going to come back?” he asked in an attempt to spare Sherlock the embarrassment and break the atmosphere of vulnerability.
John was still shorter than Mycroft even as he straightened up in front of him, puffing up in pent-up anger and frustration at the circumstances. “Listen here, you arrogant prick! I’m only here because of you and your fucked up idea to protect your brother without actually informing the one doing the protecting! I’ve just spent the last months turning into a goddamned fish every single day and, when not a fish, being confined to the same building the entire time! I haven’t seen the fucking sun in months! I’ve been stuck on a diet of whatever ‘food’ McDonald’s can provide for me, no offence Emma,” John barely spared her a glance for an apology before he rounded back on Mycroft.
“Thank you, Master Stapleton,” John said in acceptance of the apology, even though he didn’t mind. They had been about to talk more about just exactly what Hyperion had been doing before John had found him and Victor, he would have liked to hear more before Mycroft interrupted.
Hyperion moved away once she was gone. A small snort in the direction of the door and a possessive streak across the bond telling John that Hyperion disliked the woman making John feel embarrassed so soon after his recent panicky outburst.
“If you would stop stealing evidence from crime scenes I’d be more willing to take your word for it,” Dimmock replied.
“You’re still entertaining the idea of Christmas.” Sherlock said, breaking John from his thoughts with a small start.
“And what lab do you suggest he take it to, surely not the cesspool of a kitchen he uses as a laboratory,” Dimmock snapped.
“There’s nothing else here! I borrowed the case in order to study the amniotic fluids and eggshell, I didn’t take anything else.” Sherlock was losing steam, still angry, but tired of being bothered and aware that the temper tantrum wasn’t making the other people in the flat leave.
“Yes,” came a deep rumbling answer, voice sounding just short of wrecked, hitching slightly when John gently tugged at his balls again.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, we were talking.” The bedroom door slammed closed before John could make it past the fridge. Four days it had been quiet in the flat, aside from Mrs Hudson or Angus ducking in now and then, and John wasn’t going to let Sherlock escape. By the rider’s own words they were saddled with each other for the foreseeable future and John wanted to actually talk to the man, especially considering he was about that have to start dragging him to classes with him.
“That’s just Sherlock, he’s always been a disobedient prick. All the potential for a good man wrapped up in genius and a massive ego,” Lestrade replied, driving past said rider and out towards the airfield.
“What happened? It didn’t look that bad before,” John asked Molly worriedly. She inspected the area closely.
“She told me to take you someplace high up, tall places are romantic, and looking down at things is pretty,” Sherlock said making John smile even more, that was just adorable sounding, he wished he could have heard her voice conveying the plot. “Also food, food is important, she wanted me to feed you so you would think I am a good mate,” Sherlock added.
“No problem, Lestrade and I just thought it’d do you some good, get that initial shock out of the way. There’s loads more of course,” she added.
John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart to him and for once John could completely read exactly what was about to come out of his mouth. “Not John--”
“Oh er, no, I don’t. I had one once, but it got smashed. Funny enough, a warzone isn’t the best place to replace a mobile.” John gave a weak chuckle looking at the smartphone in Lestrade’s hand.
Hyperion on the other end of the bond caught on to John’s depressing thoughts and gave him a happy nudge, the thoughts of ‘together now’ and a sense of ease flowing across. John had to concede to that point, at least Hyperion was already trained and matured. As much as John felt the desire for times like the younger riders were sharing with their dragons, he knew he was not quite as youthful as them, and with his injuries factored in as well John was glad he’d gotten the seasoned Hyperion.
It wasn’t like they were sitting in on learning maths or English all over again, all of the classes they were scheduled for were in Draconic Studies. John scribbled down notes, fascinated by what he was learning, while Sherlock sat next to him and either looked overwhelmingly bored or fiddled with his phone, seemingly oblivious to whatever was being said.
He’d never really gotten to go through that with Hyperion. Though he was sure there’d be some form of therapy in the dragon’s future, John would never be able to physically lift Hyperion’s wings and share the moments like the fledglings were having with their charges, teaching them how to move and work their new growing muscles and learn how to hop and prepare to fly. Maybe if John had started there, been a nestling at an Aerie, the fear of flying would have never taken root and grown to the severity it had.
“Dr Watson! Food delivery for Hyperion!” called a man’s voice. Hyperion’s head shot up, the bond instantly flooding with hunger. John was jolted out of the bonding stupor by the sudden single-minded surge of ‘food!’. Hyperion waited impatiently for John to move before he stiffly tucked his legs under himself and rolled his body upright for the first time since he’d laid down the day before.
“Have you seen my baby?” the rider mumbled up at him, while John prepared to give him a dose of painkiller.
“His name is Shaw,” a man said nearby, “And I’m Sebastian Moran, pleased to meet you,” He added offering a hand to John.
“Shh, shh, shh, you’re okay boy,” John whispered, dropping his cane and reaching out to gently touch the bridge of Hyperion’s nose. Hyperion pressed into it with a desperate grunt and John laid himself across his muzzle, pressing as much of himself to Hyperion as he could without stripping out of his pyjama trousers. “You’re alright, just a bad dream,” John continued to soothe, stroking over what he could reach of his dragon’s face. He continued to push comfort across the bond as he cooed and shushed Hyperion, touching and stroking and just being as much of a physical presence for the dragon as his small stature could be. “I’m here, you’re okay.” Hyperion’s eye’s closed and his scared mind reached and clung to John’s, breathing slowing as he calmed.
A smile spread on John’s face at that admission, Sherlock really had done it without thinking. John turned his head just so to peck the top of Sherlock’s curly head.
The next night was the first time John was awakened by a nightmare from Hyperion. It felt very similar to his own dreams of falling, but instead he was watching others, watching dragon upon dragon being raked out of the sky, wings ripped from bodies, long slender necks sliced and only barely connected by bone and scales, blood spurting and trailing like crimson ribbons behind screaming corpses, panic and fear becoming overwhelming as nothing could be done to stop them being cut from the air and falling to a sickening crunching death, viscera exploding into blossoms of red on sandy ground. And then a human fell past his vision trailing blood. The burst of pain as the human hit the ground woke John.
“Yes I get it, I’m sorry I brought it up,” John interrupted before Sherlock could go further with his snark.
“I don’t care,” Sherlock replied. “If he’s been paying close enough attention he might already know from you thinking about it so hard, but I doubt it.”
John was quickly weighed down both by Sherlock’s larger mass and his mind pressing love and affection onto him. “I’m sorry John, love you,” Sherlock apologized, squeezing around John in one full bodied hugging motion.
And so they both went quiet, eating their warm meals with the portable heater nearby between them. Every now and then another dragon would fly by, its belly painted and shining in the lights from below or decorated with their own lights threaded into their harnesses, John watched them come to land in the wide field below every time, his eyes following the occasional bright streaks like silent fireworks in the night.
“Does Dimmock have any ideas of who shot the cabbie?” John figured that if he hadn’t been pulled in for questioning by now that he wasn’t a suspect. He was rather a victim himself, in a way, hauled off on a terrifying flight by a hysterical dragon. With any luck the mystery would remain unsolved.
There, the end for this story. I will be writing more for this verse, I intend to write a sequel fic for Lestrade and Mycroft's relationship, it may be a while in making it cause life getting in the way.
“Guess it’ll just have to remain a mystery,” John replied, hugging Sherlock back. He was perfectly fine with not knowing what that book held, all he wanted was to go home with Sherlock and be warm and not anywhere near an aquarium for quite some time.
For a moment John’s mind scrabbled for where the question had come from, so out of the blue. John suddenly realized he’d forgotten about the earlier events that had made him upset with Sherlock in the first place, the break in.
But this time the position wasn’t quite working for John; he couldn’t get the angle he wanted, all the aches of the day felt like they were catching up to him again, and his knees were beginning to burn. It wasn’t long before John was disengaging, Sherlock letting out a unhappy groan.
That first forceful rub caused Sherlock to be the most vocal John had heard yet, a sharp gasping cry bursting out as his back arched, arse pushing down into fingers for more. John smirked and continued the stretching, rotating between slow stretching and tormenting Sherlock’s prostate even as he worked up to two fingers, which were better able to massage it with, and then three.
They ate, they snogged, they talked and cuddled and slept, and Sherlock seemed to have given up on figuring out what caused them to turn into fish, hitting dead end after dead end and coming up with nothing at all in way of an explanation beyond ‘probably magic.’ So it was now up to Mycroft to figure it out, and while they waited, there was no reason not to at least have some fun with their nights.
“So, I’m not too informal as I am, right Greg? Should I have dug out and pressed some fatigues or something a little more uniform-ish?” John asked, as they drove down one massive straight hallway.
“Yes, it’s real, it’s clean, I’m saving it for an experiment. And before you ask, it came from the hospital morgue. I’m not going to chop off your limbs in your sleep,” He said, flicking on a light beyond the door. What little John could see of the room beyond looked pretty clean all things considered; he’d almost expected that door to open and see a hoarding nightmare beyond. He didn’t look long because Sherlock had turned back to him and the lamp light turned his light blue eyes a glowing silver momentarily. Before John could tell Sherlock that the thought hadn’t crossed his mind Sherlock continued.
“I did no such thing,” Sherlock said, obviously feigning hurt that John would imply such a thing. “I told her that I was studying the spawning habits of a particular type of fish tonight.” He admitted with a smirk.
“I’d imagine she feels it too, when you starve like that.” John said. Sherlock didn’t have a response for that and just continued picking at his food. John continued to eat his in silence as well until too many questions for Sherlock had piled into his mind.
“A white Nordic?” John said, watching the huge dragon glide circles around the Aerie a crate of packages tucked up against its belly.
They resumed their meal and the only noise was the sound of the tank water and filters running around them. John finished his food with a content sigh, it may not have been all that healthy but at least it was filling and it meant he didn’t have to eat the pellets and squid.
“Master Lestrade said he needs you, says it’s urgent,” he said. Sherlock sniffed and started to turn back to the sandwich John had picked for him. “He said I need to bring you now, drag you there if I have to, I know you’re a rider but Master’s orders,” the boy’s fingers clamped onto Sherlock’s coat cuff, already starting to pull the attached arm with him before Sherlock could stand up.
“John you’re a medical man,” Sherlock snickered, positively giddy with the fact that what John had seen had scandalized him so.
“Ah,” was his only remark on the fact that they’d broken into a nesting dragon’s area. John had read a little about how nesting worked out of sheer curiosity, considering having a male dragon meant he’d probably not have to deal with that side of the Aerie in the near future. There was a reason that only particular Aerie workers worked with eggs: depending on the dragon species it could be a dangerous thing bothering a broody mother dragon.
“Oh… Thank you,” Sherlock said, sitting up a little slower this time patting John on the shoulder. He slowly picked up a pack of fries to nibble on. “There’s more to that story, but at the moment I’m starving. Tell me more in a minute,” he added, still somewhat soft and loopy.
“John. John, look at me, look, breathe, in and out, in aaand out, slow.” She was close and personal about this; she had her hand under his head, cradling his skull back against the pillow and putting her face right in his line of sight, making the breathing motions with him.
John kept his face buried in Sherlock’s shoulder for a little longer, he probably should have let go of him by that point, but something in him wanted to hold on and prolong it, feeling Sherlock under his hands, smelling the wool and Sherlock’s skin scent of the day’s sweat, the lingering remnants of his shampoo and warm leather. Sherlock’s arms squeezed around him a little more snugly, allowing their weight to rest on John a bit more, relaxing into the moment. John felt one of Sherlock’s cheekbones on the top of his head as Sherlock rested it there. He got a feeling Sherlock didn’t want to let him go just yet either now that he’d gotten used to the contact.
“Sherlock, Sherlock!” John shouted, barely managing to claw the gunk free of an ear and eye before the shark man had both of his arms pinned, rough, nearly sandpaper-feeling, hands easily gripping John's slick skin. He dragged him across the concrete floor and into a kneeling position, roughly grabbing the back of his head to force John to look up at the woman he had brought him to.
“You don’t know that,” John whispered back, breathing hard and able to smell Sherlock’s toothpaste at his proximity.
“We don’t eat them, do we?” he said around a mouth of food. His stomach started to feel a little wobbly at the thought, preparing to chuck what he’d eaten already.
“Well, apologize later then,” John said, turning back to the group of nestlings all looking at the pair of adults. John approached them, schooling his face into a friendlier look than the grumpy scowl he’d been fixing on Sherlock. “So, how about we all go get lunch? Stay in your group now and don’t run off, Sherlock and I will be right behind you,” he instructed. The nestlings nodded and on their own formed their own sort of organized line and promptly let it dissolve into the usual gaggle of children as soon as they left the school’s courtyard.
Shrill cries rent the air as battle raged in the skies above. Scales flashed in the sun of a perfectly clear scorching day while the initial clash of combat began. Great winged bodies weaved and tangled as their riders led them through maneuvers that, to an onlooker, appeared would fling them from the great creatures’ shoulders. Colors mingled as the enemy dealt the first blows and riders avoided gouts of fire.
“Usually it’s just straight up beef for Hyperion, a couple chickens now and then, maybe some pork or mutton, his type’ll eat just about anything you throw at them, honestly, regular garbage disposals almost. For now though he’s on a diet with supplements, red meat and some powder and pills,” he said, pushing the cart slow enough around Hyperion’s sand pit for John to keep up.
When the dragon lifted the crate off the ground Hyperion was unfazed by the slight jostling of the box. John, however, felt his pulse skyrocket and he felt a little dizzy. he heard a little static come from handset on the wall.
“It is a bond,” She paused, perhaps to see how he’d react to the information. When he gave her only a blank stare, she continued. “Dragons form bonds with their riders. These bonds create a mental link between rider and mount, which allows for communication. The communication manifests more like emotional transference. The dragon feels upset, angry, joyous, or anything, it can share this with its rider.” John was still listening quietly, but this time he had something to say.
A part of John wanted to get up between Hyperion’s shoulders too, but he didn’t want to create more burden for the dragon to carry and didn’t want to struggle his way up with his bad shoulder, so walking it was.
“One can tell a good deal about someone by how they smell, I wanted to ascertain more information about you,” Sherlock said curling in on himself as he made the excuse. “For all I knew you kept cats and smelled permanently of them, or you smoked, or maybe liked a particularly irritating variety of cologne.”
, Hyperion’s unique mental voice drawled across to John. It sounded almost the exact same way Hyperion said,
“She had fresher marks on her hands. A woman with that level of experience as a caretaker wouldn’t have fresh marks unless she was in a hurry; she was packing quickly and grabbed an egg in her bare hands. Prolonged contact will burn, but a brief pick up and plop in a case of one or two smaller eggs would create what I observed.” Sherlock rattled off, still walking casually as you please down the road, his long coat and scarf hiding his riding clothes for the most part.
“I bet that got you into some serious trouble,” John said with a small chuckle, he could almost imagine little Sherlock with a messy lapful of dragon bawling his eyes out in the middle of the night.
“Bellamy!” John said out loud, startling a passerby who had skirted around him. Bellamy could find him. Bellamy, bred for speed. The evening shift workers stared after him as he sprinted down the dragon hall, laptop under his arm. He reached Bellamy’s door, winded, and pushed his way inside.
He didn’t even notice until a warm snout pushed at his torso, that he had laughed until tears had begun streaming down his face. A shot of concern pushed at him and he just laughed some more, grabbing the scales before him and holding on because there was nothing more to be done, and he needed something to ground him. The nose lifted him and he struggled back to his feet, still clinging and now scared of being dropped. The giggles subsided into tired panting as he clung to Hyperion. Now he really needed to get him back to a base because this needed explaining.
“Pranksters don’t pick locks and practice their hotwiring skills on the intended target’s cars,” Lestrade replied, “ and as for the myriad other charges, not to mention how many times we’ve already convened over your actions in the past, how do you plead?” he asked. Sherlock didn’t reply, just stood there looking bored with the proceedings in silence while Lestrade waited for an answer.
“I, well, I mean how was I supposed to know?” John muttered, he should have thought about that, her smaller dragon wouldn’t be able to fly all the way in one long flight like the big carriers, obviously.
“You’ll see soon enough,” she said enigmatically. The response didn’t do much to ease John’s nerves and the car turned a corner, entering the towering halls of the Aerie.
“Is this a thing that happens often? Him trying to set you up on dates?” John asked with a pointed look at the bottle of grappa and candle.
“Oh, good.” She had such a quiet voice even up close. She set her tools down and John felt Hyperion suddenly shift behind him; he had to grab his cane and stand or be pitched off the mat by the great dragon’s shuffling. Hyperion managed to get from relaxed and laid out on his side to sitting up, much like a cat with his long tail wrapped around himself; if he had had fur, John imagined his hackles would be up and fluffed as much as possible to look even more intimidating.
Mike smiled, “Sure, I can help you out there, I was about to head to lunch myself anyway.” He rose from his desk, Cherie still hanging onto his back like a koala, and gathered his things. Mike led John from the hospital out into the barn, stopping briefly to say goodbye to Molly.
“You’re talking to them,” Sherlock’s voice didn’t really carry a question with it, he just plopped the laptop back in John’s hands and went back to his chair and his cooled tea.
John was along for the ride, nothing he could really do to get down without help at that point, and he kind of didn’t want to. With Hyperion’s joy at having him up there suffusing the bond it actually helped calm him after the initial frantic shock that fired through John’s mind of,
“Sherlock?” Before John could really act Sherlock had stumbled into the loo and shut the door behind him.
“Christ!” she swore quietly, wide-eyed, looking over her shoulder towards the hall out. “Yes... Yes, come on, explain once you’re covered,” she said, looking around her for something. She pulled a souvenir beach towel off the rack and gave it to John, who wrapped it around himself as he followed her out.
I apologize for how extremely long it took to write this chapter, if you're still reading this fic here's an extra long chapter as a reward for the wait.
“Tickling?” Mrs Hudson sounded astonished by the idea. John looked to see her peering at Sherlock, whose face was still a bit blotchy from gasping with laughter. Her face broke into a smile. “Well I never,” she started chuckling, Angus looking to his keeper for explanation. “Come along Angus,” she said, guiding her confused-looking charge back towards the door. “Don’t hurt each other, dears,” she tittered on her way down.
“Er, if you could take the big one, Sally, that’d be grand,” Lestrade said. She rolled her eyes and took the massive sheet that made up the bulk of the mound back.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” he called, voice echoing down empty halls of lockers and doors. The more halls and empty rooms John came across the more that feeling of panicked urgency swelled in his chest: was he too late? was the killer already gone, leaving Sherlock choking to death, poisoned, in a cabinet somewhere? John broke into a run, calling for Sherlock constantly now. He turned the corner into an empty classroom and there Sherlock was, straight ahead through two windows in the building across the courtyard. He and an older man with grey hair stood facing each other and Sherlock had his hand to his mouth. John slammed his hands against the window, screaming, “Sherlock!!”
John thought it remarkably polite that Greg did not point out that it was a half hour to midnight on New Year's Eve, and if John had somewhere else to be he'd surely already be there.
"I'm here for Rosie," she said, finally lifting her gaze to meet his. There was steel in her voice. "Not for you."
And I can't—as much as I wish things were different, sometimes, as much as I want—I can't wish that. I can't—I just—"
This does not trouble Sherlock. He is intimately familiar with addicts, and does not begrudge them their vices.
"This was in your neck," Sherlock said. His voice was very quiet. He lifted something from the floor, pinched between his fingers. A dart.
"It's my blog," John said. He pursed his lips, feeling wrong-footed, defensive. "I just write about you. Sometimes."
It had never lasted. He'd looked at Sherlock playing his violin that first Christmas and he'd thought—for the first time in his life he'd thought:
"Shit," John says, sitting up straight. He scans the horizon and—there—just off to their left, carving gracefully through a rolling field. There is the familiar bolt of excitement twisting in his gut and sparking down his spine, and he cannot help but grin.
aware that breaking and entering is not actually legal?" But John stepped away from the window without shutting it.
The label was slightly stained, where little dribbles of liquid had escaped during pours. The stains were old, long-dried. Yes, the bottle was half-empty, but it had taken a fair bit of time to get that way. Given that pace of drinking, it was likely that the glassful that had wound up soaked into the carpet had been John's first of the night. And the fact that the bottle had been put away in the cabinet rather than left out on the counter was suggestive of the fact that John had intended to have just the one drink.
peaceful, but have you considered the vast spectrum of crimes that can be perpetrated with ease by those emboldened by relative isolation?"
"Hang on," John said again, because it wasn't the fact that Crane had left behind a bereaved husband that had tripped him up, it was the fact that their killer wasn't targeting only heterosexual couples as he'd first assumed.
He supposed he was lucky not to have been detained. Arrested. Questioned. Thrown in a dark cell, never to be seen or heard from again.
Rosie is, without a doubt, the product of John and Mary. She is clever and stubborn and prone to fits of temper, a whirlwind of activity and energy and red-faced tantrums.
John made a pained noise in response, and then Rosie stirred against his chest, warming, now, in her layers of coats. She opened her eyes, flailed, and then started squalling.
John went down the hall towards the bathroom. He hesitated, turned back. "You could use a shower, too," he said. "After the—" he cleared his throat, waved his hand vaguely in the direction of the wall. "And don't think I didn't notice the smoke."
and instead clearing his throat and meeting John's eyes and saying nothing, nothing, because John was very close and had not yet moved to step away.
He smiles tightly, allows himself to be steered towards the road. "Who, me? Come on. I think you know me better than—"
"So you're married," Moriarty had said, leaning against the door with his arms crossed, smiling his unsettlingly blank smile. "That's cute."
John reached out, smoothed the top of his finger over the urn, wiped away invisible dust. The bookshelves remained eloquent with it, but the place where Mrs Hudson now kept company with Billy the skull over the fireplace was always kept immaculate.
Sherlock seemed agitated about something. John could tell from the stiffness in his shoulders, the way he bounced slightly on the balls of his feet.
He scooped up Rosie, tucked her against his chest as they went back out into the night. She fussed and pushed against him with her little hands, trying to squirm free. He wished he had her pushchair.
John put his phone back in his pocket, stood up. His hand clenched at his side, fingernails digging into his palm. He looked at the door, allowed himself to imagine fetching his coat and walking out without looking back.
The weak early light hurt his head. His mouth was dry. He breathed out an experimental breath, grimaced at the taste.
The wine bottles she keeps under the kitchen sink disappear. So does the half-empty bottle of gin under the sofa he is not supposed to know about.
John slid a little closer, ignoring his vague misgivings. He let his arm drape back across Sherlock's chest, burrowed his face into his pillow. Sherlock's skin was still very warm. He did not move away.
Sherlock grinned. A real grin, a private grin. It was delightful, that smile. It made John feel warm inside.
involved. Whoever did this had access to details about each couple, enough information to make a murder look plausibly like an accident."
Emotions muddied the waters. He knew that. He'd always known that, it was why he'd endeavored to keep his head clear. It was impossible to think with the dull thud of panic throbbing behind his eyes, in his ears, choking him with every breath.
So while I don't have any plans to finish the fic, I did very much like this part, which is a reversal of the tarmac scene at the end of S3.
"It only seemed right for her to have her own things here," Mrs Hudson had said, coming up behind him. She'd sounded a touch defensive, as if he might somehow object. "She is family, after all."
A dream, then. Was that what it had been? Was he truly so lonely, so desperate for attention that two nights apart from his mad flatmate had sent him crawling into Sherlock's empty bed? That he'd dreamed up a Sherlock turned pliant and needy, a chaste kiss and an opportunity to be chivalrous and protective, all at once? A chance to play the hero?
"We texted constantly," he said. "You never noticed. We—any time you left the room. In the middle of the night. You'd be taking care of our daughter, and I'd—I'd—"
"Probably not, yeah," John said. He scratched the back of his neck. The last time, the papers had headlines that screamed things like
recall certain moments from his own wedding with perfect clarity. The sharp, unexpected sting in the back of his eyes as Sherlock made his speech. His first dance with Mary, all eyes on them as they turned on the dance floor to the sweet melancholy notes of Sherlock's violin. And—
Sherlock looks at him, says nothing. He does not need to. It is quite clear his intentions have been read.
Flickering candles along the aisles cast the room in a golden, romantic light. John fixed his attention on them, but they appeared properly contained and in no imminent danger of setting the curtains ablaze.
The house was very quiet. It was lonely. He was able to forget that, sometimes, when Rosie was awake and filling the space with her lively babble. He was able to forget, but not for very long.
"John?" Sherlock does not look smug or haughty or even angry. He looks concerned. The expression is unfamiliar on his face, as alien as the ill-fitting clothes he wears.
She squealed with glee at the sight, twisted in John's arms, reached out again. He sighed, resigned, and handed her over.
John was next to him, little chair tucked up close. He was asleep, his chest rising and falling slowly.
"Plenty of photos of the two of them, yeah. Vacations, fancy dinners, all sorts of things. None of him on horseback, though."
Or perhaps Sherlock had simply changed his mind. He'd had weeks to recover, to reconsider the forced camaraderie they'd shared. Weeks to regret his spontaneous invitation.
John shifted where he stood, carefully rearranged Rosie against his chest so he could look at his watch.
"Takes too much time,“ Sherlock gave a dismissive wave of his hand, popped the rest of the croissant into his mouth. He rummaged through the remaining pastries for something else.
She came out from behind the door, moving slowly, her hands held up. There was a bag slung over her right shoulder. In her right hand was a phone. She shook the phone once, for emphasis, raised her brows.
She reaches out, pats him on the hand. The kettle clicks off and she turns, busies herself preparing the tea.
"There's been a—" he hesitated, took another glance around the devastated sitting room. "An incident. Home invasion. Kidnapping. Not more than an hour ago, by my estimation, but we'll need CCTV footage to determine—"
"You must be Dr Watson," the blonde—Mary, clearly—said, holding out her hand. "I'm looking forward to working with you."
Their lips met. Sherlock tasted of rain and cigarettes. They fit together perfectly, John thought. Compatible in a way he'd never been with anyone else.
He paced and he wondered what Rosie would say when she finally returned home. Wondered what he might say in return. Ran through no fewer than six hypothetical scenarios in his mind that ended in Mycroft's death, each more grisly than the last.
The man finished playing, let the last note hang in the air. Pedestrians continued to bustle by, traffic continued to clog the streets. It seemed wrong, somehow, that all of London was not held in thrall, that the world had not paused in the face of such beauty.
"You agreed to keep it professional," Sarah says, and she offers him a tentative smile. "I was a bit relieved, honestly. Workplace relationships are never really the best idea. I would know."
His face is hot, and his chest hitches as he struggles to control his breathing. He sweeps through a jungle-themed display (there are the piranhas, he notes distantly), and then hurries up the stairs through the River Thames display.
They'd been safely enveloped in their own little bubble, once, he and Sherlock. Apart from the rest of the world. But that bubble had burst a long time ago. It had burst
"You're displaying an increased sensitivity to bright lights and loud noise, bit of a headache, yes? Long story short, it's not allergies, you've come down with the flu."
John thought again about the damp carpet beneath Rosie's window. Had he been careless? Left it open? He'd never willingly endanger her, but perhaps—
"I'm not propositioning you," John said. "I mean—I could be—but I'm not. Erm. I mean. Not right now. You're freezing. Take a hot shower and I'll order room service."
"Yeah, no, I don't think so," John said, and stepped out into the snow. He kept a hand on the side of the car, put his head down, carefully waded towards Sherlock's voice.
He was unable to deduce exactly what it was that had John so troubled. The case had been solved, the appropriate demons laid to rest. They had, to his knowledge, experienced no lingering side-effects from the chemicals they'd been exposed to. And John had essentially laughed off the matter of Sherlock's little experiment (after making his displeasure quite clearly known).
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched, threatened to become a smile. He ruthlessly forced it into submission.
But look at who her parents are. Do you honestly think—" he stopped again, shook his head. Inexplicably, he smiled. "Did you ever really think she was going to live a quiet life?"
Sherlock swallowed, looked away. His face burned. "I said a lot of things, John, you'll need to be more specific."
"That was stupid," Jim said. He got to his feet. His lip had split in their scuffle, and fresh blood dribbled down his chin. His eyes were hard. "That was the stupidest thing you could have possibly done."
"No," she agreed. There was a smile in her voice. He refused to look at her to confirm it. "I'm not. Though, it's an improvement over last time, this. You recognizing it."
John looked at the phone in his hand, the ludicrously expensive little phone that had changed his life. The screen had gone dark.
He went back upstairs into the flat, went into the kitchen. Looked at the table, at Sherlock's microscope and slides, stacked and tucked neatly to the side, well out of reach of Rosie's curious hands. Years ago, he'd have left it all scattered about, unconcerned, unapologetic.
He turned around, flashed a brief smile at the gathering crowd. "Be just a moment," he said. He gestured to the speaker. "Technical difficulties." His gaze caught on Janine and his smile widened. "Ah, my lovely friend from the bakery! Nice to see you again."
"What are you thinking, Sherl?" Janine asked, turning to study his wall of clippings. She gave Rosie a wide berth.
Sherlock did not turn around. He flipped his coat collar up as he went through the door into the night.
But now there was a media circus outside, and John Watson kept ringing her phone and she couldn't bring herself to answer, not yet, not when she had no idea what she was meant to say.
"Wonder how many people she called," Sherlock said, and he knew it was the wrong thing to say even as his mouth continued shaping the words. "Before she got to you."
His chest felt like it could rip open, like it could spill his carefully concealed heart out into Sherlock's lovely hands.
And Rosie had jumped to her feet and run to them, had embraced them both with a tearful, heaving apology.
He shrugged, stared up at the ceiling. His eye did not bother him, though the skin along his brow pinched and itched where the split skin had been carefully sutured.
"What can I do for you?" Sherlock asked, turning towards his chair, and then he hesitated, looked back at John. "Oh, but where are my manners? Can I offer you a cup of tea?"
Of course, proof of Sherlock having received the papers does not, necessarily, translate into Sherlock having
"I'm not back," John says, and he smiles. He misses it, a little bit. It is all right to admit that to himself.
The landing at the top of the stairs was small, the flooring uneven, the hall light too dim to ever really properly illuminate the space.
"She came right to me, you know. Told me everything. I have men on the ground right now, ready to exterminate my little pest problem."
A disbelieving, scoffing sound. "You honestly expect me to believe that you deleted Victor because it was efficient?"
"I'll save you the trouble of asking," Sherlock says. "John is widowed. He's partial to Italian, insipid action films, and already has childcare secured for the evening."
"When we last spoke," Mycroft said, speaking slowly now, his face souring, "you expressed concern over our sister's emotional well-being. And the possibility that mistakes had been made with regards to her handling."
Sherlock hung up the phone, turned his attention back to the laptop, back to John's inexplicable search history.
has elected to run one of the photos where he looks particularly deranged—a wide underwater grin, severed hand held triumphantly aloft over his head.
"Yes," John nods. "I did a lot of thinking, on the way. And when I got to the house, MI6 was already there." He cracks a humorless smile. "And none of them exactly looked like James Bond, by the way—"
They hand the suspect off to Lestrade and walk home, laughing, stumbling against one another like drunks. They
He turned around. John stood in the doorway, wrapped in a lumpy coat. He was soaking wet, his hair windblown, his face flushed red. The lump in his coat moved, and Sherlock blinked. Rosie was zipped up in there, her face shielded against John's chest.
The rain continued to patter against the window glass. John listened to it, punctuated by the sound of his own harsh breathing.
"I assure you, attempts on my life have been made all over London," he says, after a heavy pause. He tries to smile. "I see no reason to avoid any of those places."
Sherlock was sharply dressed, as composed as ever. When John had shut the door to their flat behind him, he had been pyjama-clad, his hair wild.
"All right," he said, feeling flustered and useless and entirely out of his depth. He picked her up again, let her clench onto his shirt. The relentless sobs slowed, then stopped.
Sherlock's words were cut off as John stepped forward, yanked him down into a kiss that was significantly less tentative than the first one they had shared. John's hands roamed, across his shoulders, down his back, creeping up to wind in his hair. It was overwhelming and wonderful and it wrenched a noise from the back of his throat, something almost like a sob. He stumbled backwards so that he was half-sitting on the desk, drawing John forward with him.
The gun is heavy in his hand. He has never been a good shot. That has never bothered him, because he has John.
He'd arrived home from Belarus. He'd spoken with John in the kitchen. John had made him tea, and had then fled upstairs to ready himself for work. John had left without saying anything else, almost as if he was trying to avoid Sherlock entirely. As if he'd had something to hide. Sherlock had gone into his bedroom, had attempted to sleep, but his mind wouldn't shut up, the engine in his brain revved and roared and tore at him and the very
He'd never been particularly good at putting that out of his mind. There were some things that were simply not meant to be forgotten.
Sherlock is overly conscious of the sound of John's breathing, the gentle whistle of air through his nose. He takes his phone out of his pocket, looks at the time. Nearly midnight, now. The darkness and artificial blue lights have thrown off his internal clock.
In all of them, Janine was smiling. Her eyes sparkled. She looked very much like a woman in love. If he hadn't know she was faking, he would have been—
"Don't you at least want to see the—" she stopped, looked at him. "No, all right. How about we sit down in the kitchen. I have a copy of the lease right here."
"Fine," Sherlock said, after a long silence had stretched. He let his head loll back against the headrest. "You listened to the tape. Satisfied your curiosity. Exacted your revenge. Blah, blah, blah."
He blinks, shakes his head. His first attempt at speech does not work out very well so he takes a sip of tea, tries again. "Mrs Hudson, I'm sorry, but that's not mine."
"It appears," Mycroft said, after a moment, raising his voice so that he could be heard over the phone in John's hand. "That we were mistaken about the source of our leak. An unforgivable oversight that I am rectifying as we speak."
He thought of tall grass, of uneven ground, of the groan and snap of wood beneath his feet. Shook his head, blinked away the memory.
His face was slack, vacant, smeared with blood. Terribly pale. Her breath caught as she stood over him, worrying at her lower lip.
Sherlock laughs softly, without humour. He looks past John, at the row of darkened tanks gurgling against the wall. Just down the corridor, the wall opens up again, dropping away into fathomless blue. But here, right here, he can pretend he is somewhere else. Anywhere else.
"Go back to sleep," Sherlock said. A small smile curved at the corner of his mouth, softening the dismissal.
"Hm. Not sure I like the green," Janine said. She had crossed the room to stand next to Sherlock, her expression tight, her arms folded across her chest. "I was thinking a pink—"
"Jesus," John says, swerving out of the way as another SUV accelerates up behind him, tailgating ruthlessly before swinging around to pass.
And then he'd stopped, because what was there to say? He hadn't known what to say that last day at Baker Street, and he didn't know what to say now. There had been things, he knew. Things he'd wanted to say. Things he'd assumed he'd get to, eventually. But he'd put it off. And a day had turned into a week which turned into a month which turned into two. He'd left London behind. He'd left
(Well, perhaps a bit boring. But certainly not as boring as his empty flat with its empty rooms and its empty chairs. There were plenty of dust motes swirling in the air and dust was eloquent, but it seemed the dust in his rooms had very little to say and he'd grown terribly sick of all the quiet.)
He saw the words land, saw John flinch. Any moment now, John would give up, would stalk off in disgust. Unpleasant, but necessary.
John loosened his hands, then tightened them again, crushing the fine fabric of Sherlock's jacket. "No, you don't get to just say that. You don't get to just
He looked away from Victoria, scrubbed a hand over his face. Sought out Sherlock, who had his head bowed over a book of fabric swatches. He studied him for a moment, unobserved. Sherlock's brow was creased with concentration, his chin tucked in. There was something endearingly familiar about his intense focus, and John could not help but smile at the sight.
"What?" John frowned at him. He could still feel the ghost of Sherlock's touch. This was getting to be a problem.
" the smug mask slipped from Moriarty's face as he gripped the phone. His mouth contorted in anger. "WHERE IS HE?"
He was mad to even consider it. To even entertain the possibility that the man was telling the truth.
"It should be clear,“ she said, a little desperately. "Your brother said he made sure it would be clear. We’re supposed to have ten minutes.”
Sherlock cuffs the suspect and then he is laughing too, his head thrown back, and it is good to share laughter in the dark, it feels like something long missing has finally slotted back into place.
She smiled, shrugged. "It was a lot more fun once he showed up—" she leaned over to nudge Sherlock in the arm.
Blue, all around. The gurgle of water, bright flashes of colour as fish swam in lazy arcs through the depths.
He'd said the same words to Mary. Sherlock had stood next to him at the altar and listened to him make the very same vows. And then, later that night, Sherlock had made a vow of his own.
Mycroft turned to look at him. His eyes were distant, pained. It was an unusually human expression, and Sherlock looked away, discomfited.
"Quite," Sherlock agreed. And up they went, together, Sherlock's fingers digging painfully into his side, his own frozen hands feeling along wet and peeling wallpaper. The stairs groaned wetly, but held.
Sherlock melted forward, eyes slipping shut once again. He was lost. There was no returning from this.
Sherlock had gone quite still. He swallowed. The bob of his Adam's apple brushed against John's knuckle.
John stops just down the street from the Cross Keys Inn. He lets the car idle along the kerb. He cannot bring himself to turn off the ignition.
John swallows, turns away to look out the window. Tries not to study his own reflection too closely.
The room was loud, buzzing with the hum of uncomfortable conversation, as people scrambled to find new partners. Someone laughed, the sound high-pitched, nervous.
Scenario 3: John had forgotten his phone charger. Unlikely. Even if he had left his charger at home, upon finding himself stranded in a hotel in an unfamiliar city, he'd have simply purchased a new one.
Rosie had walked close beside Sherlock as they'd descended into the bowels of the SIS building. She'd kept her small hand tucked into his, her eyes wide.
The well had been carefully maintained. Everyone knew it was there. What if they hadn't known? How long would McCarthy have floated down there, while on the surface the rest of the world went about their lives? How long would Allie Turner's father have been able to keep his secret?
he thought, his mind churning wildly. He had said that to John, once. They'd laughed about it. It felt as if it had been a very long time since he'd last laughed. If John had been there, perhaps things might have gone differently.
It had once been a fine home, he thought. But there had been years of neglect. Enough to render it uninhabitable, unsound.
Maybe he intended to make some sort of grand gesture. He could blather on all he wanted about being unsentimental and above such things, but Sherlock
The room was quite small. Neat, of course, John had always been neat. But small. Even smaller, now, with Rosie's cot and extra dresser and playthings. Cramped.
He was tense. Ill at ease. There was something of the soldier in him still, even after all these years. He did not like to be comfortable while awaiting the start of the battle.
Thunderstruck, Sherlock turned to look at Molly. Dark place? John hadn't been meant to end up in a dark place. That was what the whole terrible mess with Culverton Smith was meant to avoid. John had left to start a new life, and Sherlock had let him go. It was Sherlock who had been left in the dark place, not John. That wasn't what was supposed to happen—
Exactly one year and four days after Sherlock Holmes flung himself from the top of Barts Hospital, John Watson buys himself a good bottle of scotch and a train ticket.
She'd handed him a folded slip of paper. John had looked down at the address written in Sherlock's distinctive hand.
John blinked, shook his head, momentarily thrown. He was logged in as Alice. He shouldn't still be able to see the friend request from Pete, so why—
"Doctor," Lazarus was right up close to the camera, close enough that John could see the sheen of sweat on his pale face. "I am still very much in need of your assistance."
"Dinner," Sherlock says. He clears his throat, looks up. "I believe we said something about dinner. Before."
And Sherlock looked across the table at John looking back at him, John who was smiling at him with an open fondness he had not seen in what felt like years, and thought:
John lifted his head, turned to look at him. Sherlock was rigid and nervous, perched on the edge of the bench like a bird ready to take flight. His eyes were very wide, gleaming in the gathering dark.
"He was from a farm somewhere in the North Pennines." John shifted, frowned, memories colliding with the present. "This farm."
The weather, perhaps. The closeness to the holidays. People were more desperate, this time of year, it seemed. More willing to do terrible things.
Sherlock had said nothing. Went on waiting. Wondered how it had come to be that John had got it so very wrong. It was his own fault, he supposed.
He'd missed it. They'd been dating for months, making no particular effort to hide it, and he'd missed it.
He wants to kiss Sherlock again. He wants to talk about it. He is unsure how to go about doing either, and so he does neither.
Back to his tiny little flat with its faulty heater. He picked up the fallen furniture, rearranged his ransacked drawers. Ordered himself a new mattress. Swept up the feathers and broken glass on the floor.
"One could argue that she did not change her mind quickly enough," Sherlock says. He is smiling a little bit, a strange sort of smile that pulls only at the edges of his mouth. "Could have saved a great deal of trouble by running off
He thought about Sherlock willingly walking into a crowded pub, seeking out Janine for one last public row. And then staying to dance with her. The pair of them, on the dance floor, under the lights.
"It's a border collie," he says. He scratches at the back of his neck, uncomfortable, overwarm, aware all at once of what a terrible presumptuous thing he has done. "You might know that already, or you might have—I don't know, deleted it. Irrelevant information. Dogs are dogs, yeah? Or something. But these dogs, these
He throws the newspaper away when he is done with it. He wishes he had not purchased it at all. There is nothing he can do about Sherlock's reputation. Lestrade will not take his calls. He supposes he should consider himself lucky that he's not in prison.
He sends it, puts the phone back down on the table. Thinks to himself that the Abominable Brother does not seem quite so abominable after all.
The vow. That fucking vow, the one Sherlock had made with his eyes gleaming in the candlelight, Mary in John's arms on the dance floor. The vow John had thrown in his face.
"Oh," Sherlock had said, the sound barely audible, little more than a puff of air past his lips. He'd been silent for a moment, and then he'd taken a deep breath and added, "Thank you for your assistance, John. I do hope we'll speak again."
"That went well,“ Sherlock said, his eyes snapping open. He sprang into sudden motion, leaping to his feet, swiping at the blood that threatened to run into his eyes. The gurney squeaked against the floor.
Someone had carried a sleeping Rosie up to bed. Sherlock. It must have been. Molly had been busy with the coffee. A deduction. He'd just made a deduction. That was—that was good. He should tell Sherlock.
John breathed out hard through his nose, went through the side door into the short hallway leading to the offices and exam rooms.
Bit pathetic, he supposed, but in the grand scheme of things it was not the worst holiday he'd ever had.
"Don't believe everything you read," Janine, caught on camera outside Speedy's, said in an oft-repeated clip. "Sherlock and I are just fine." She smiled, but her face looked tired, her eyes puffy.
He put the car in reverse, jolted backwards, then shifted forwards again. Once more the car jerked ahead and then stalled.
He slipped the laptop into his bag. Shrugged out of his white lab coat and traded it for the warm coat on the hook behind his door.
"Too many variables to say," Sherlock said, and stood up. He slipped off his dressing gown. "We should go. I'll want to have a look at the venue before someone attempts to murder me there."
The tornado is nearly perfectly cone-shaped, dark and breathtakingly beautiful. John takes a moment to appreciate it. There are no houses in its path, only acres and acres of rolling grassland. The tall grass undulates like water, rippling and roiling.
John took a step forward, tugged the leash. Trevor remained stiffly planted, his lip curling up to reveal a set of fearsome teeth.
"You're a doctor," Sherlock snapped, stubbornly avoiding John's gaze. "Work it out." He dropped down into the seat next to John. Hesitated, just a moment, before wrapping an arm around John's shoulders.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, looked back at the group of displaced teenagers. "I'm so sorry," he said, his voice dripping with false remorse. "He pulled the leash right out of my hand!"
He pinched the brow of his nose, shut his eyes. When he opened them again, Evan Bell was standing across the street watching him.
"That's a lie addicts cling to in order to make themselves feel better about using drugs," Sherlock said.
Mary had smiled at him when he told her; she'd twirled the ring around her finger (it fit a bit loosely, she'd need to have it adjusted) and said
He opened his mouth for a sharp reply, stopped. Mycroft's face was pallid and weary. "You've been lying to me."
Janine did not accompany them. It was only John, leaning awkwardly against a glass case while Sherlock conversed with the jeweler.
"He could have used the time to move the corpse. Could have covered his tracks. Instead, he called the police and all but guaranteed his own arrest. He's not the killer, John."
John shook his head slowly, still giggling. His heart felt unexpectedly light, buoyant. God, but he'd missed this. Missed Sherlock.
He dove, getting one arm around Sherlock's waist, crashing against him and dragging him down behind an overflowing skip.
"The chair," John said. "My chair. You left it for me to find, yeah? It was the only thing you left behind. It was a—um. It was a pretty clear message."
"Ah," Sherlock said. He hesitated. This was—friends shared stories. They exchanged personal information, history,
John smiles. It is not a happy smile. "A year ago, I'd have thrown a punch at anyone who dared suggest that."
Sherlock and Janine, dancing in the sitting room. Sherlock's hand on her lower back. He'd felt that touch as if it had been branded into his own skin.
and you were, uh, the most important thing in my life, really. But I still had myself, which is more than I could say after I got shot."
Not a prank. No. This is obfuscation. The person responsible for putting the cadaver in the shark tank was attempting to dispose of evidence, while demonstrating only the most feeble, Hollywood-fueled understanding of shark behaviour. Had they thought all of the relevant bits would simply be devoured, bones and all?
"You—" John stopped, shook his head. Turned back towards Sherlock. Scratched at the back of his neck, an unconscious nervous gesture. "That would be something you would—?"
"Right," John said with a forced little laugh, his face once more flushing up hot. "Well. I knew there had to be some reason you put up with me."
He'd gone up to the door, had put his hand against it. Thought about going up the stairs. He'd hated Sherlock. He'd missed Sherlock. Nothing was right and it was Christmas and he'd signed his cards with a dead woman's name.
He has been careful, so very careful not to squander the gifts that Sherlock has given him. He'd been alone, after all, terribly alone, and Sherlock had seen him, Sherlock had held out a hand and made him part of something
He was a child again, wide-eyed and curious. He snapped gum and blew bubbles because it irritated his brother. The sickly-sweet scent rose in the air. He blew a bubble that grew larger and larger, until it looked more like a sugary pink balloon lifting towards the sky. There was darkness inside that bubble, a shadowy shape with eight legs, shifting and moving,
" John said, and kissed Sherlock again. He was warm, and sleepy, and no longer sure exactly what he'd been so concerned about. He sighed, burrowed his head into the pillow. "It's the sort of thing that gets better with practice," he added.
"Is it always this much fun, solving crimes?" she asked over her shoulder as she started up the stairs.
Sherlock draws back just slightly, just enough that John can see his pink-flushed face, his wide surprised eyes. "Yes," Sherlock says. "It's—" he swallows, his eyes cutting to the side. "It's good."
The coffee was terrible, but it was hot, and did an adequate job of chasing away his hangover from the previous night.
He cannot leave and return to London quite yet, though he doubts the police will need to speak to him again. The thought of returning to his quiet, empty room fills him with dread. Last night, he'd craved the silence. Now he wants something else.
Sherlock shifted behind John, huffed out a frustrated breath. "You're not making any sense. Of course that's all it took. I told you, John, I will always be there for you."
John shifted in his seat, smiled awkwardly. Took the sample plate of chocolate cake and tried a bite.
There is not enough time for him to ask for everything he wants. To ask for Sherlock in his arms, in his bed. The screen flickers again. Something begins to beep, a frantic, repetitive sound.
They'd climbed under the spray together. The ancient tub was too small for both of them to stand comfortably, and the water pressure had never been particularly strong. Sherlock's feet slipped against the porcelain and John's hands gripped his hips, held him steady. His skin prickled with gooseflesh.
They cut through an alleyway, one of many shortcuts that Sherlock has stored away somewhere in his brain. John stumbles over an empty beer bottle, kicks it away. It clatters, startlingly loud in the darkness.
"No tea?" Sherlock went towards the kitchen, moving too quickly, his voice rushed and clipped. "Biscuits, then? Coffee? Glass of water?"
The ground was slick with ice as Sherlock tore across the Jubilee Bridge. A howling wind lashed at him, whipped frigid needles of sleet and snow into his face.
It was a radiant smile, a stunned smile, spreading slowly across his entire face, crinkling his eyes.
He stood up, noticed Sergeant Donovan watching him from the other side of the street. Thought of her strange line of questioning, the suspicious twist of her mouth.
John brought Rosie, and she smeared frosting on her face in a way that was, inexplicably, considered adorable. Mummy took photographs and cooed and told them all it was the best birthday she’d ever had.
"It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing," Sherlock said, once more peering into the mouth of the well.
"Your reticence is endangering the life of an agent. I could threaten you with imprisonment," she said.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, his mouth slightly parted, his eyes wide. As if he'd just realized something momentous.
"I, um," John said. He shivered, in spite of himself. The air inside the car was quite cold, even with Sherlock pressed close, even with the warm weight of the blanket and the coat. "Just. Listen, all right? What happened last year. What I did to you. The things I said. That wasn't—it wasn't excusable."
And then his hands are grasping at the lapels of Sherlock's stupid jacket, and he's hauling him in close, kissing him against the wall of the barn. And his fingers are in Sherlock's hair and they are skating down the sides of Sherlock's face and they are teasing up under the hem of Sherlock's hideous green jumper. The flat of his hand slides up Sherlock's bare skin, dancing over ribs, coming to rest over his frantic beating heart. His hands are cold. Sherlock's skin is warm.
"They—" his voice was hoarse, barely audible. He cleared his throat, tried again. "They don't make this. Anymore."
"Ha," John said. He smiled tightly in response. "Starting to feel like it's not a coincidence at all, actually."
Sometimes, while they were running for cover, Sherlock would stop and turn around, as if he meant to disappear straight into the heart of the storm.
John opened his mouth to issue the kind of brush off that should have come naturally. No response came.
"Unauthorized personnel are not permitted," she said, not lifting her gaze. She smiled a bit, as if this amused her. "You're in the wrong place, soldier."
John said something—likely a comment on the state of the kitchen. It was old. Irrelevant. They rarely cooked. If John wished to replace anything, they had the means to do so.
He stopped to look at the schedules. There was a sign advertising the Bluebell Railway the clerk at the inn had been so enthusiastic about. It was weatherworn, the colour faded in parts.
John jolted, panic spiking through his gut. Sherlock took a hasty step back, turning towards the door.
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it again. Went on looking at the bartender. His fingers played at the hem of his suit jacket, as if he wasn't quite sure what to do with his hands.
to him. And he’d hated that the feeling, that irrational, ridiculous, maddening feeling, was not at all reciprocated.
He rinsed the last dish, shut off the tap. Spared a glance into the sitting room to confirm that Rosie was still happily at play.
John shook his head, utterly charmed. He reached out before he could stop himself, touched Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock closed his eyes.
He was lying in something wet. It lapped against his back, trickled down his neck. He sucked in a pained breath, struggled to move his limbs. For a moment there was pain and panic as his arms refused to cooperate, numb fingers flexing and grasping, and then he remembered.
