It sure is shitty etiquette. Cas told him he loved him just last night. Dean almost wonders if the reason why Cas has to do this now is because he could tell Dean was starting to believe him.
Castiel understands that sex is transactional.
“I didn’t make you powerless,” Dean notes, which is news to Castiel because Dean sure took advantage of it. “The cuffs just sandwich your halo. Bring you down to my level. It’s not like what you did to me in that crypt, where I was helpless,” Dean explains. Cas can’t help his breath quicken, though, because he feels helpless now, unable to move from Dean’s sight, and the glint of his blade from a dim lamp reflecting menacingly.
You thought you were alone, but a figure you earlier couldn’t distinguish morphs.
not clean.” His hands feel itchy with the sting as the blood wells up.
, but Cas keeps driving. And Dean’s too elevated to think of any other course of action but to follow.
okay so. going to be real I am always thinking about what Cas is thinking. in this fic and when he's not in episodes even if he's supposedly dead. however this is Dean POV. so. here's some hints on what's going through Cas's mind.
, out of your mind.
He passes out on the concrete for several hours before he makes it back to bed. And he regrets absolutely everything. But mostly he regrets not being able to become a reason for Cas to stay.
“I’m assuming this is different. I think my brother burned my corpse here, we could try to find him. I was not in Hell very long, so I doubt much time has passed for me.”
You wake up freezing.
He feels Dean’s hand on his ribcage, pushing down, and it’s grounding. None of the pain ceases, but Cas’s vessel calms, twitching in the wake. He thinks he hears Dean shush him, but it’s clearly not enough of a command to stop the sobs Cas lets out. He tries to think it’s good, this is penance, this is what he deserves, but for some reason, the bright pain is no more welcome.
“Was that... satisfactory?” you ask, mirroring him again, terrified, but encouraged by his responses.
He had been overtly worried that Dean would have felt compelled to have sex with him after admitting his feelings to save Dean’s life, but now Cas realises that wasn’t what was happening, really. Except the fear of it still buzzes under Cas’s skin. But no, instead, what Dean was able to take away was that Cas was attracted to him, so why not have sex with him? Cas was having trouble sorting through any of it because his brain was buzzing and his jeans were too stiff and there was a bright thrumming in his chest.
. “You want me to make it
It chases a disappointment, the long desire to just have his punishment be
“I suppose that’s good news then.”
this, Cas,” Dean says. He waits for Cas to try to deny it, but he doesn’t. “You know what, I think I know why you didn’t stop,” he says, and he marvels at how it makes Cas look away into the corner of the room, frozen with Dean’s pause. “You could have told me to fuck off at any point. But you
“This is ridiculous, Dean. I assure you I’m not a vampire. Can you please just drive?” You turn your face away defiantly, stare out the window, mind yourself with the dirt kicked up by wind and the sparse dead grass. Until, that is, his hand grabs your face as he forces you to look at him. You’re pretty sure it should make you angrier, but you always melt when he guides you. But you’re still going to glare because you still feel
here, Cas? I got the message.” It makes everything go still, the sudden harshness, volume. Dean cannot stand this, not at all. He thought he was prepared, but he’s pretty sure he’s dead already, and it’s ridiculous, ridiculous, but all he can think of is all the years, all the time, all the love he has for Cas, how intense it is, how he knew everything was going to fall apart, yet here he is anyways, wondering why it feels like he’s swimming.
he does not do that. With his true vessel Lucifer--”
It doesn’t make sense, that Dean would
He hates Cas for it. He hates that Cas told him constantly that he loved Dean, even when Dean couldn’t even make himself repeat it back. Hates that Cas never asked Dean to stay, more than once, never convinced Dean to kiss him again when the fire went out and the fear shifted to something more insidious. He hates Cas would actually want what Dean spent years in acceptance that he would never have, just to then realise that yeah, Dean is not good enough for him.
“You don’t
I have had the most ridiculous week I can imagine. but I had already written this so <3
“Sorry, that was rough, but personal space, and, well, I don’t really like you,” Cas says. You stand a few feet back, gutted, for a minute. Things seem somewhat nightmarish. Cas hasn’t ever said something like that before. He’s never. Not like that. You’re frozen, too hurt to rejoice that he’s here. Too confused to say anything at all until it turns to anger.
When you wake up and realise you’re still alive, you’re intensely reminded of how Dean said he’d desert you, and terror grips your whole system. You’re scared to even open your eyes to realise he left you here to die.
Dean had tuned up one of Bobby’s trucks because the Impala had grown too conspicuous, but Cas thinks it might have more to do with the fact he’d prefer someone else in that particular passenger seat. He’d made the decision a week after asking you to get him an ingredient in a spell from a tree in Europe, and you hadn’t been able to oblige. You try to not take it personally. Sometimes you think Dean makes you look too closely at things you normally wouldn’t. He eradicates all your prior delicate systems of information dissemination.
But none of the pain, none of the distress, not even the terrified panic at his coat being stripped off and his vessel oriented vulnerable and trapped like this, can dare to match the euphoria Castiel feels at mere consciousness.
Dean stops though because he’s not sure he should just make Cas come in his clothes right now, but more importantly, they’re only like half way through the movie. He does, however, want to keep frustrating Cas and taking him apart, so he does keep touching him with varying degrees of intensity without looking at him before repeatedly stick his hand back in Cas’s pants. Neither of them are watching the movie at all, but after twenty or so more minutes, Cas just slams the laptop shut.
, nothing can change that. And his thoughts start getting weird and delirious, the pain almost grounding, but so much, impossible to handle again and again, every time hurting more with how wounded and weak is back is.
He just had to keep reminding himself it was
him, so why is he even following him? Because Cas cried before he left? What if it wasn’t even
“I feel very cut off from the plane I require to access for flight, yes. It’s... complicated, and I think I perhaps could if I wasn’t trying to maintain my vess--”
It takes him a moment to remember Cas is still there. He remembers telling Cas he was dead to him, remembers kicking Cas out of the bunker, remembers threatening to kill him. He doesn’t get why Cas could ever want him. But beyond that, he doesn’t get why he would let himself want Cas.
“To perform oral sex on you.” Dean’s hand stills.
“To Lucifer? He told you that? Dean, it is
For some reason, he cannot stop worrying that Dean is under some spell, some supernatural compulsion, that Dean is possessed. He can’t stop wondering if Dean is touching him, or someone else is. If Dean is trapped, and Castiel is hurting him, violating him. It’s almost too much, even as all Dean does is kiss Cas gently, swiping his tongue occasionally in a way that makes Cas feel dizzy with bliss and dizzy in general.
The demon Cas slices down your abdomen, and you can’t help but cry out in pain. There is a sick part of you that is grateful, even if this is torture, that you at least get to see Cas’s face again.
“It’s the same,” Dean says. “Hey, can you give me a minute. My clothes kind of stink of ash,” you say. It’s not entirely true. “And you know Bela’s stealing our silverware.”
He hopes Dean doesn’t lie to him again.
He drinks more whiskey, and at least some calm is able to come back. He realises the ceiling seems shadowed. He thinks he sees a message in it about how deeply he has failed. That would make sense.
But it’s not Cas’s fault Dean didn’t savour it. It’s not Cas’s fault Dean was too afraid to even process he finally got what he always wanted. It’s not Cas’s fault Dean isn’t good enough for him. Cas is good, strong, one of the best beings in all of creation and holy on top of all of that. It was ridiculous for Dean to get caught up in any of this. He should be considering himself lucky. But instead, he’s just thinking about how he can’t remember the last time he kissed Cas on the mouth.
“You mean nightmares? Or just the feeling of unconsciousness? I guess that must be fairly trippy after your time on the god squad.” Cas turns on his side too, leaving more room for Dean, and Cas’s face right in front of him, blue eyes bright, and very very worried. “Cas, come on, I’ve spat all my dear diary bullshit at you today. Least you can do is open up.” Cas nods, looking very serious in this tiny bed with his fucked up hair and alluring eyes.
“More, more of this?” Dean says, stuttering.
“Do you mean that?” Cas says, and honestly Dean’s been so caught up in suddenly remembering anything about Cas at all and being so thoroughly hit with despair he can’t process what’s happening, coming back, then being hit again, like he’s on some beach being attacked by waves, but what’s the fucking point, he never got to go to the beach with Cas either.
“Sammy’s going to say yes,” Dean says.
. Dean locks it immediately then, tight, and Castiel is hit with a flood of sensation. Neural responses are unavoidable, all sharp and bright on a canvas of blank encumbering powerlessness. Activity he didn’t even realise he’d been monitoring goes radio silent, and all he can feel is Dean’s grip on his wrist.
“Cas?” he says, and Cas isn’t sure how to react. He should leave. But an itch of panic forms every time he thinks of it.
that? Forget you
You want to call Sam, too. Really badly. But you’re already pretty sure you’ve done enough to invade Dean’s sense of privacy already.
It’s seared into his eyes; Dean dying, Dean begging him or fighting him a thousand different ways. There’s a bright ringing in his ears. Everything feels twisted. He was supposed to be at a Biggerson’s, with luminous lights and familiarity. Something happened. He must have been caught. He reaches for his abdomen, wants to try to find the tablet, even though he feels it missing like the dull pain and the bone-deep fatigue encompassing all of his vessel’s cells. Someone has
All of the little discrepancies and confusions about human culture feel like blatant neon signs, like you’re walking in a minefield, like you cannot tell the difference between some random flame and one alit from holy fire. You try to stand far away from him, but he’s always standing
“Well, I’m trusting you a whole lot less now,” Dean says, and it’s infuriating. Maybe you just can’t get rid of the image of him cutting your head off, of him being okay with you just
As if Dean
“Speaking of whores,” you start, and you see Dean avert his gaze from the road to look at you in surprise. “I am concerned about the lack of information we’ve found on the Whore of Babylon. There are wars springing up which we can contribute to the horsemen, but otherwise, we’ve heard very little on any others or the Whore.”
“So what? You blame me for that?”
“This is bullshit,” Dean says. “You
Alcohol helps. Somehow that’s
He pulls away, Cas’s face so close to his, so close like Dean’s been desperate for so long he can’t even parse it out. His arms are still around Cas, Cas’s hand at the top of his back.
He can’t make much sense of Cas, and he’s trying to not seem as affected as he is, even if the pretense is bullshit. But Dean also thinks Cas looks devastated, like it’s splayed across his face, and it makes Dean even angrier because Cas is the one doing this. Dean didn’t even go out and do something to destroy this. He simply just wasn’t enough.
“Yes, I mean, No. I’m not angry,” Dean says. It doesn’t make much sense, but you’ll take it. Dean often doesn’t make much sense to you, and you know you need to stop deciphering meaning from the way his hand might stroke against your thumb, but you can’t right now. You have to pretend it means
something to him.
, because
,” Dean says, emphatically, lighthouse flood gates bright into the sea. “What the hell else do you want me to say?”
“I want to give you what you want,” Cas admits, and then, quieter. “I want this to be real.”
“I don’t think this is the healthiest position for you to be in,” Cas says, trying to convey his genuine repentance and concern. Dean just scoffs, sits on the stool again, and moves towards Cas with his knife.
“Dean, that’s not funny,” Sam says. He goes to hug you again, but this time his arm wraps against your shoulder, and it hurts. He pulls away as you flinch. You immediately take your jacket off, and there it is: same place as it was before. Burnt scar tissue in the form of a handprint.
what is going to happen. That’s why he feels it, feels the threat of the weather, and hunger, why he feels terrified of violating Dean with every touch like he did April Kelly. The empty is using this, to hurt him. To give him a mirage of everything he wants and twist it into something horrible. To then torture him with Dean’s face.
It takes twenty-one hours for Cas to make it to the kitchen, guilt already distinguishing itself blatantly in his heart rate. He shouldn’t eat the Winchesters’ food. He probably shouldn’t be here at all, but he doesn’t exactly know what he’s supposed to do because he also didn’t expect to be alive.
He suddenly feels Dean’s hands on him, as he flinches away from it, which makes Dean just pull him closer. He doesn’t know how to make sense of much, but he feels Dean petting his hair.
He has a totally different goal in mind. In fact, he genuinely never wants to wake up hungover and feeling like shit again, now that he knows maybe it’s not necessary. But he can’t think that because it’s too scary to think about, and Cas hasn’t demanded it. He thinks if Cas did, he’d fail within the day.
Of course thoughts, they aren’t private in Hell, and the demon laughs in a way Cas never has.
“I do not give a fuck,” Dean interrupts. It is then that you are confronted with the fact that your life has absolutely zero value, that Dean sees your life with zero value, and you feel overwhelmed with shame and self-hatred that you kept letting yourself think otherwise just because he makes you feel so
“It’s your home, too,” Dean says, finally, too sad and perplexed to respond with the venom lacing his tongue. That makes Cas turn to him, squinting at him as if
“This is unnecessarily cruel,” Cas says.
Okay, that might be reaching.
“God, we’re in so many friggin’ layers, right dude?” he says, and he’s struggling to undo more of your buttons on your shirt too. You’re caught up in him, in the discomfort of the impala behind you somehow turning to pleasure when his hands are on your chest and his lips are on your neck. You run your fingers up and down his bare back, enamoured, almost so enamoured you can’t even begin to marvel. His lips travel down your chest then, and you think he’s being delicate with you, but every sensation of him on you strikes intensity to your core. Like he’s hollowing you out like some squash to put a light in you, a flame. He stops momentarily, at your stomach, twisting awkwardly in the space given in the backseat. “I haven’t... I haven’t exactly done
“That’s not true, Bela,” Sam says. “You can actually live your life now, I assume.”
“Dean,
“Yes, but it didn’t have any effect on me. I’m not vulnerable to vampirism,” you say.
“I was certain you weren’t attracted to me,” Castiel says, a little confused.
You knock extra loud on the door, about to just say screw it and go in anyways, and then Sam opens up, and his eyes go wide, and hell, if you haven’t missed that. You immediately go to hug him. He feels real, and honestly this whole thing does. You’re pretty sure Jack must have resurrected you. At least, you hope it’s Jack.
“Nothing,” Cas says, after a moment, trying to collect himself.
,” the demon Cas says, black coming from nowhere, and no, you don’t want to relieve this. Every nightmare, every time you close your eyes. You know, what else do you expect from Hell? It’s effective. He eventually stops, then stabs you in the heart, and you’re screaming, and you can’t help it, and it’s horrific, because the only way you could ever be saved you destroyed too. Why couldn’t he have no faith in you?
But it’s not like Dean’s being subtle either. It’s not like Cas wouldn’t immediately recognise the car tailing him. He can’t fucking fly away anymore, so if he’s going to try, Dean’s going to chase him. Dean realises he might be losing his fucking mind. The whiskey did shit for the hangover and the afternoon light sears his eyes. But that’s normal now, he thinks. He calls Cas again and wonders if he’s entering some sort of hysteria.
“Dean, let me go,” Castiel says, and he tries to turn to face Dean, who looks as much himself as ever, just a little confused. Castiel notices his fist is bloody, and Cas goes to heal it instinctually, but the handcuff stops him, and he gives out a groan in pain. He does manage to lie on his side, facing Dean, slack gone in the handcuffs and balancing his back against the wall.
” and suddenly the circuits in Dean’s wiring light up, and he’s terrified. He tells Cas
!” he exclaims, and the sound of his voice echoes in the sheltered warehouse. He stalks out of the door without saying another word, and you do what you’ve trained yourself into doing, and you follow him.
mess up for Dean, at least while wearing them. That if he started to do something wrong, Dean would stop him before he starts.
him, you want to feel him, as if maybe it can ground you more. Be a conductor. You push off his jacket, pull at his shirt.
You’re too scared to broach the subject, but you want to.
He seems to notice though, at least notice that you’re distressed, and once he regains his breath, he goes back to touching you like it’s a holy mission. You’re almost too overwhelmed by it.
He kisses you again, even more consumingly, and you’re lost on what set off his desire, but it’s a constant in you, thrumming beneath the surface, and, at least in this moment, you can match it. You grab his face, run your fingers through his hair, say his name out when he goes to kissing your neck instead, and he moves his hands down, starts towards your crotch, and you buck towards nothing which makes him kiss your neck more fiercely. He stops though, suddenly, and your body is ignited wondering what you did wrong.
“You did good,” Dean says, and Cas sobs at it, black sparkles dizzying around the room. “You think you can keep going, even if I don’t tell you to?” Dean asks, and he grasps Cas’s hand and puts the whip back into it.
what Dean is capable of, but he’s also in too much pain to really even imagine worse.
“What did you do to me?” Castiel asks.
You survive.
thinking the same thing.
“I mean,” Dean starts, seeming affronted. “I mean, uh--”
“So, are we thinking Jack?” he asks.
“God, Cas, you suck cock like a whore,” he says, and it almost makes you pause, but the terror of screwing up drags you on. You don’t know why it sits so twisted in your stomach while also igniting your arousal even more. When he comes, the bitter taste seems acrider, and you’re left feeling dirtier than before.
Cas’s pain is to him when usually so much of what Cas brings to him is detrimental. And Cas
But it turns out Sam is Lucifer’s vessel, and Dean refuses to call him back. As much as it hurts, to think and think of how many mistakes you must have made to make him want you to erase his entire memory of it, there are bigger things on Dean’s mind, bigger narrative issues at stake. You want to find God to make sense of it all, but you’re starting to not understand how there could even be another answer. Whenever you think about all the suffering you’ve seen, blocked from being capable of intervening, just to lead to the evolution of these creatures, then what they do to each other, without any input, it just doesn’t seem excusable. Your entire existence is based in letting go of analysis, in trusting a higher power that
real. And don’t worry about that. Just, stay not dead. That’s what I want,” Dean says, clearly jumping over the point.
. How can that not be a goodbye?
“No. Don’t lie to me.”
“You don’t remember because you didn’t
“You think you owe me sex?” you say, but Dean splutters.
“Even when you kicked me out and told me you wished you never met me?”
. But he
. And it peaks, climaxes, when they scream so loud there’s no higher, no comprehension no--
“Dean, I mean it literally, I do not know if I have enough power--”
“Could I try?” you ask.
He looks wary as you step towards him, but lets you put your hands on his head. You strain yourself, trying a simple move that could be easily done not long back, but the attempt feels like your insides are being burnt up by a star’s nuclear core, like your vessel’s cells are rebelling on you. You watch Dean watch you crumbling in your effort, feel stickiness from perhaps blood from a nosebleed. You have to stop for a moment when your vision goes completely black. Dean still stares, expectant, waiting.
“You gotta tell me now!”
“I do not know what you’re referring to. We haven’t failed at summoning Raphael at all--”
“Excuse me?”
, but if Cas isn’t going to push him into it then he’s scared it’ll just all disintegrate before him.
“This place that much better than the bunker?” Dean says, and he regrets it the second he does, the bitterness thick on his tongue. Cas finally looks at him, something indiscernible on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, no this is good Cas,” Dean says, even though he does not look very comfortable. You suppose you don’t mind, even though it bothers you significantly if he’s sore in the morning you can’t heal it. But he falls asleep fast, and you think that this should just be what life is, watching over Dean, it being okay for you too. Watching him breathe. You pull your trench coat over his body, and he barely stirs. He stays like that all night, until the sun rises enough that a bright ray of light comes in through the windshield.
“Yeah.”
“Cas, hold on, slow down,” Dean says. “Your hands are shaking,” he notes. Cas doesn’t know what to make of it. Hands can shake from desire. Is Dean reading something different off him?
“So your cherry’s still unpopped,” he finally says. It eases some of the tension but leaves you confused.
“I did.”
“Dean, it’s not like that,” you say, trying to ignore how deeply the statements hurt you.
Except, of course, him pulling away from you.
“Well you already scared “chastity” away. Guess that only leaves one option, I guess,” Dean says, and he suddenly seems more flustered than you’re used to seeing him. You think about how you scared “Chastity” away, about absent fathers, about your mission to find your own.
Is this what Dean thinks free will really is?
“And how do I know you’re not lying?” Dean asks, and it shocks you, and you finally glance at him, feeling somewhat betrayed.
“Sorry if I went too far with anything, should have made sure of what you did and didn’t like better,” Dean says.
Castiel feels another blow to his face, dancing agony whiting out coherence, before everything goes completely dark.
“Yeah, man, get rid of all that blood, too,” Dean says. Cas frowns but lets his grace rush in to heal all the wounds Dean’s inflicted upon him since capturing him here. Despite how easily he can heal everything else, he cannot stop the searing pain in his abdomen though. He supposes he was unconscious for that. Maybe Dean used an angel blade? His vessel is healed though, and he can’t see anything else awry, so maybe it’s just a manifestation of his guilt.
Cas tries to hold it, but without the compulsion, he’s having a harder time holding the whip at all without his hand shaking so much he drops it. He pushes himself back on off the floor onto his knees, but every muscle in his body seems to want to rebel. He tries to orient to whip himself, but for some reason, he holds back dramatically, despite the fact it still whites his brain out with pain. He tries again, harder, his hand tremoring, but the movement itself makes his vision black out, and he’s only jolted back from the pain at the collision. When he goes to do it again, everything goes dark.
Dean keeps cutting him, halfheartedly, half facing him, and Castiel is scared, because he
“Yeah, I mean, you’re human now. Thought you might notice thread count.”
want to hunt alone? And it’s not like Cas is actually much more vulnerable than Sam. It just feels that way when Cas spent his life beyond Dean’s comprehension and suddenly he’s crying in Dean’s home after admitting he has trouble sleeping.
“His wards stop me from being able to find him. Do you know where he is? We must stop him--”
“I suck at falling asleep too,” Dean admits, not that Cas isn’t aware of this. “Maybe we can find some alternatives to your old Tosk tendencies failing you now and my borderline functioning alcoholism.”
“Yes. Get. The. Fuck. Out,” Dean articulates, tries to make it cold, not fragile, not shattering ice, but freezing water. Robust and flexible.
“Then what do you mean?” he asks.
wrong for me not to want to repeat that?” he says. Cas is so riled up, Dean’s certain he’s stunned himself into revelation, but the words don’t compute. All he can think is,
“You almost killed me,” Dean says, and he sounds betrayed, heartbroken, like he cannot believe that that could ever happen.
“The wards should really test you anyways,” Sam says. “But I’ll grab some silver anyways.” You both follow him in.
It just goes on like that, and Dean’s almost certain maybe there is something sustainable in it. Even if he can’t look Cas in the eye when his hands are on him and even if he flees whenever he’s not trying to be everything for Cas because it’s all just too much. Cas seems to enjoy it, seems to enjoy
It had to be like this. It was written.
It fills him with such despair, and he feels desperate. He can’t stop Cas from breaking up with him. He knows that. But there wasn’t any sudden change, right? And Cas seemed more than happy with him just earlier that day. So maybe he could have one kiss, one goodbye kiss. Surely that would seem logical. He could ask, in any case, and Cas could decline him, and Dean could deal with whatever psychological repercussions that could bring. It’s not like it could bring some sort of consequence greater than this.
“Think what? Apparently, we had sex, and I didn’t even remember? What, did you not notice a shifter wasn’t actually me? Too distracted by how horny you were? You know what. Fuck this.” Dean says, and he gets out of the truck fast, slamming the door shut behind him. You’re not sure what he’s doing, considering the only building in a twenty-mile radius was full of vampires you’d both killed, so you follow him out, legs feeling really weak for some reason.
“I was just grabbing this,” he says, pulling out a container that must be lube, and it sends a thrill through Dean, makes him feel cared for which is a ridiculous sentiment, for all he knows Cas has lube for all the guys he fucks. And though he’s joking while thinking about it, Dean briefly panics at the thought of being fucked.
The first thing Castiel feels from a bleary, surreal unconsciousness is a searing pain in his abdomen. It reminds him quickly, of what had happened, of Dean’s bones cracking from Castiel’s own hands, with Dean pleading with him bloody on his knees. He remembers the snap where Dean came into his perception as
“Dean?” he says, confused and a little bit hopeful. Cas is desperately trying to scan his memories to make sense of this, his weakened state, the loss of the tablet, the dark room with the hard concrete and the obvious wards (are they what is suffocating his grace? Castiel can’t tell because he can’t scan properly either). What happened?
“Oh. Okay then,” you say. She looks stunned, touching her body, her clothes, her hair. “Well, are you going to now? Am I supposed to fight you? Or are you going to grope me again, ‘cause honestly, not in the mood.”
“It wasn’t your fault your father ran off either,” you say, and Dean freezes, eyes wide open.
“I don’t remember calling you,” Dean admits. “I think I know what you’re talking about though. I remember trying.”
“So did you mean any of the shit you said last night?” he ventures, and he would rather
There’s no escape here. And everything that hurt you on Earth, well that will just be used against you.
“Can I,” Cas says, gesturing to Dean’s fists. Dean looks confused, but nods, and Cas puts his hands over Dean’s to heal them of their wounds.
chosen that. There is nothing righteous or good in what she made him do.
The cruelty in Dean’s voice sparks him back into action, but he knows Dean sees his vessel’s arm shake at it.
Why would Jimmy be in your Heaven? Why would your dad? What is even going on?
“I am sorry I cannot heal right now,” you say, and maybe the genuine dismay in your tone is that obvious because when Dean looks at you next, his expression softens. He sits on the bed, glancing between you and the hole in the wall.
people sex, Cas. It’s just something you do,” he says. You really are
“What?”
Your hands are shaking when you try to button your clothing back up, and it’s shocking to you, how little control you have maintaining your vessel. Dean gets out a moment later, flannel buttons up with his coat on over, fully clothed. He shrugs at you wordlessly.
Cas doesn’t respond, except for the loud hitching of his breath when Dean slices across his collarbone with a knife.
. One creature in billions of years on one planet you happen to have been shaped for. When he pleads with you, you crack. You break and you bend to his will, automatically. Like there was never any other option. You’re shattering like glass because if he matters, then it all does. You love him: you love everything. And you know so much everything. It’s obliterating.
Maybe it’s good though, to have the anger dampen. It’s still an icy surface, but mostly he feels empty from it. Empty, yet desperate. Sam sometimes looks at him like he’s trying to study him. Dean thinks that there would be a version of Sam that would study him out loud. Now he eats the salad Dean makes him. Indulging Sam’s ridiculous diets since it takes five extra minutes: maybe not everything in the world has to be a fight.
“I was always under the assumption we went to hell around the same time,” Bela says. She’s a little disoriented, you can tell. But you guess you are too, and you’ve been through this before.
. You briefly wonder if they’re going to make Cas literally cut out your heart.
“Yes,” Cas says, a bit breathless. “You’re making it very hard to concentrate.”
You work cases together. You get used to the fact he’s trying to replace the hole of Sam’s absence with you, and you get used to the feeling of oxygen and pressure calibration that seems to need to be redone by being around him. You’re obsessed with the way he smiles around you, the way he laughs with you, pats your shoulder and seems
“What is this place?” Bela asks. You’re already sure she’s planning to steal from you, but for some reason you don’t care that much. You don’t really care about anything. Until Miracle runs up to you excitedly, and yeah that’s something that makes life spark meaning for a second.
also, sorry it's longer than usual? it's got that oscillation on purpose, and I needed space for it.
“I’m not. Sometimes he sends me texts. I should probably block him. But yeah, he killed the whore and he got some ring from famine.”
“What?”
going to pull over, and after calling him several more times, he also realises Cas isn’t going to pick up. They’re on some back road somewhere headed towards eastern Kansas, and Dean’s sure Cas has to be checking behind him to see the Impala tailing him without discretion. They’re in the middle of nowhere, so it would make perfect sense to pull over and
“We should uh, go or,” Dean’s fumbling now. You’re not sure what to say until he’s grabbing the back of your head and kissing you again. You respond the best you can, in awe, shocked, because you never thought you would get to kiss him like this again. You kiss him back hungrily, letting yourself forget everything else for a minute, and he is caught up in it too, for a while, until he eventually pulls away, and you wait for the shoe to drop when he says your name, says
“You could have stopped, at any point. You knew I was following you,” Dean says. “I was trying to stop you from leaving. From the beginning. You
“I’ll try to,” Dean’s words get stuck in his throat again. He doesn’t know how he can keep doing this. It’s exhausting. “I’ll cut down on my drinking okay? I’m just. I’m tired.”
“What? Rebuilding my body wasn’t good enough? Had to get some action?” Dean asks, and his voice is spiteful, and you’re not sure how to respond to the fact he’s looking at you with hatred and the blood on your lip with curiosity.
The crack against your face slams you into awareness of many things at once, but they’re all screaming a cacophony of
looking forward to trying to sleep with someone again, and you reckon Dean is probably tired, but you nod.
“No, no deal, Dean.” Disaster one avoided.
“Dean, is this what you desire?” the demon Cas asks, before running his hands from your shoulders past your chest down to your hips. “Is this why you came to hell? To finally feel me touch you?”
“Or, you know, you could, uh, stay in my room? If you wanted.” Castiel hears a sharp intake of breath. “I’m sorry, man, I’m a little out of my depths here.”
“You look kinda stupid like that,” Dean says, and the shame trips faster and twists his heartbeat into nausea, and he can barely process even that before Dean steps back and kicks the side of Cas’s right shin hard enough to white everything out in unimaginable distress. Castiel automatically pulls his legs away, onto the metal platform, closer to him and away from Dean. Dean chuckles while Cas collapses on his back.
“And you’ll? Come home?” Dean asks, ready for whatever Cas says.
You kiss him this time, closing the gap between the two of you fiercely as it to show him how wrong his anxious hesitation is. You want to show him everything with your lips. You want to communicate through this. Like it’s the first words of a new language you’re daring to speak when you’ve automatically been fluent at every other on the planet earth. He pulls at your hair, seemingly somewhat shocked, but kisses you back, and the position you’re in sitting across from him gets uncomfortable, but you don’t stop. You don’t know if there’s anything in the world that could stop you from kissing him.
“I didn’t want to hurt you,” Cas replies honestly. The movement of speech aggravates whatever injuries he has.
“Please don’t go,” Cas says, and Dean must hear the panic in his voice because he sits down again, wraps his arms around Cas, and watches and the tension drains from Cas’s body at the contact.
“Dean, that’s not what I’m referring to.”
“But he loves me,” you say. And somehow the thought eases the agony in your extremities and makes the fear from the screaming and the eternity of torture in your future recede, just a little.
twisting to
It doesn’t feel like much at all until his hands are on your face, and he’s sucking on your lip, and you’re so shocked you barely know how to respond. It stops everything. It stops the tessellating terror and time that beats loudly into your ears like some curse of regret. It stops the doubt of faith and the upcoming apocalypse and the flashes of every mass extinction that have been seared to the back of your eyelids. All that exists is him. And when he pulls away, fear sets like rotting stones turning in your guts. You’re paralysed you did something wrong.
“Yes, you are correct. It’s archaic magic, and they do work, and I wish you’d take them off. I won’t hurt you, and I can’t stop talking. Dean, I can’t move, I can’t stop talking. I’m scared. I understand why you’re doing this to me, but I want--”
“You’re fooling yourself if you ever think after what I did down there I could go to Heaven,” Bela says. It sends a chill down your spine. So maybe that’s why you’ll never escape your fate.
, Castiel wants to say, but he cannot speak, so he stays just staring at Dean in mute horror.
“I want to,” Cas admits. “But Dean, I never wanted to send you back to finding joy in the things you did while in Hell. I never meant to ask that of you.”
“You know how to scare a guy,” Dean says. “‘We need to talk’ usually means nothing good.” It’s a reference to the fact they’re together, in some way, they never really discussed it, but they’re in love, right? Dean’s suddenly worried he’s said too much.
Dean spends a couple moments examining him before he says, “Cas, you can stop now,” to which Cas’s body crumbles under it’s own exertion immediately, and Cas cries out in pain.
He can’t succeed. He could chase Cas around the fucking country apologising and giving him everything he had. It doesn’t matter. He can’t make this work. He feels something deflate, crumble, and he just can’t deal with it. He doesn’t remember saying that, specifically, but he does remember drunkenly thinking that, but not because he was even thinking of
He doesn’t know if it’s the compulsion of the spellwork, but for some reason his focus on the realism of who he killed comes out crystal clear, despite all the pain. Each impact bites, rushed after another without any time for him to get ahold of himself, movements out of his control, the mere act of kneeling and holding onto the weapon a normal cause of collapse.
“What do you want me to do?”
“Cas! Shut up for a minute!” Dean yells. You’re unsure what to do with that. You stand there, waiting, looking at him looking at you, the hole and the wall, and then watching his gaze settle for the ground. “He isn’t right now. I saw the future. And I don’t think I’m going to be able to stop it.”
“Well yeah, the reaper using her as a meat suit. I thought you liked it though? Before she stabbed you?”
“Dean!” you exclaim, appalled. Your hands shake. You’re surprised at what he’d assume of you. “How could you think that?”
“Dean, it’s different, now,” Cas says, and the panic is back, grip tight like hot iron in his chest. “I have to make plans. I need clarification.”
You know you’ve done so many hunter’s funerals, but somehow the thought still sickens you a bit.
But instead he kisses Dean, pushing him back against the door, hands on his face, desperate. Dean’s brain goes hazy as he kisses back, pushing against Cas’s body, unsure of what inspired this, unsure of anything except the sensation of Cas’s mouth on his.
“I’ve already seen that with you,” he says, but he sounds really breathless.
“I have paid for the rest of the week here,” Cas says. “It’s nice. It gets a lot of light in the morning.” Dean can’t tell if Cas is speaking in metaphor for all the natural light the bunker lacks.
“We are not talking about him right now,” Dean says. “Man, you really know how to kill a mood.”
.” He looks really pleased at your desperation which just makes you feel even more wrecked. You half sob at the loss.
You save Dean from Zachariah, and he asks you not to change. There’s affection in his eyes. You’re pretty sure you’re reading it right. You want to be whatever he wants. You want to be whatever he needs. His hand is on you, and it feels more like home than Heaven ever did.
“So you’re not a vamp,” he says, several fragmenting beats later, as if he’s also transfixed on where his hand still is. You probably look weird, you think, him holding your lip, but you’re not capable of pulling away. “
, Dean, I am just trying to help.”
“I was torturing you,” she says.
“Oh do I now? Thought you could handle penance.”
“What? So you’re allowed to tell me in detail how much you love me and die while literally engineering it so I’m not allowed to respond, but I’m not allowed to love you back?” It hurts. It hurts so much. Whatever this is, it’s successful. It’s so successful. It’s slicing, sparkling pain.
He focuses on tasks, on making Cas and Sam meals, learning Cas’s new palette, and Cas smiles all the time like he can tell in everything Dean’s doing he’s saying the words he’s only been able to let out like a cascade that first day, desperate for Cas to understand, confused how he didn’t already.
mouth.
“Of course,” Dean says. He smiles, and Castiel has felt like he’s done something so right, it dazzles away in his chest.
You sit in silence, in the front seat, wondering if you did something wrong in the way you ran your fingers through his hair. You wish you left another mark on him.
“Okay well. We don’t have to go so fast,” Dean says. “And I uhm, I won’t stab you, again, that is. Promise.”
it. He wants to take all the detriment on himself, wants to erase the damage he’s done to others and take whatever that means and face it. He wants Dean to enjoy this, and sometimes that thought helps, but usually, instead Cas feels sick which exponentially accelerates the pain in his psychological distress that Dean wants him to suffer.
and when he comes into your mouth you’re prepared enough to try to swallow it, while he gasps out your name one last time.
“It was the night before we confronted Raphael. I think you only did it because you expected me to die,” you say, trying to keep your voice a steady monotone.
But it doesn’t matter. Things seem off, but you’re in a new dimension, so wouldn’t they be? You’re at the roadhouse, and god you forgot how much you missed it, but you can’t find Ellen or Jo, and what’s the point in missing the place if they’re not there? The band Kansas is playing, and you love the song, but why are they here? Bobby says it’s really them, but aren’t they alive? And why would their Heaven be yours, even if the barriers are blocked down?
Cas is now, chained up and helpless as he is, than when they first met.
, Cas’s muscles of his vessel actually reacting to his desires, instead of the orchestration of his worst imagination.
“I was thinking it would make a hand job easier, if that's what you wanted, or I could give you another blow job,” Cas says, "Or we could do something else if you're comfortable," and wow even the words make Dean feel enthralled when they come out of
His hand touches your shoulder. It matters. He matters. He matters more than anything you have ever known, and he is just
“I guess it’s my fucking fault for trusting you again,” Dean says, sorrowfully, his knife covered in Cas’s blood.
“You don’t,” Castiel says.
He needs to break down. He needs to get so fucking drunk he can’t see. He needs to get down on his fucking knees and pray that Cas won’t leave him. He needs Cas gone, so he can just sob like he hasn’t since the last time Cas disappeared in front of his eyes.
You get it now. Why he seemed to think this was the smartest choice of something to do before you die. Because you’re pretty sure this will kill you, anyways. But it’s not stopping you.
“What the fuck are you even still
He gets a short reprieve when Dean pulls the stool over before he sits and gets himself in place to start littering cuts all along Cas’s face and chest. Cas doesn’t realise he’s begging Dean to stop until Dean says, “How about you tell me to cut you instead.”
It’s not until his hand is on your cock that he says, “You know I didn’t mean anything by calling you that,” he says, and he obviously caught on or maybe he did mean it and this is his way of telling you he didn’t. You’re unsure what it even means in the contact because your perception is white-hot pleasure. You’re in no place to be capable of parsing out the intricacies of Dean Winchester’s language.
He tries to move himself back around, to lay back down on the platform or something. He wants to beg Dean to just let him use his grace once, for a split second, just to heal himself. It makes him feel sick with the selfishness of it.
“A room?” Castiel echoes.
It is funny. To watch continents shift and crash and their ecosystems suffer and change and thrive. To feel the moon move get farther away like feeling your father’s absence grow. To watch the stars change their tapestry from the surface of planet earth. It is funny that one night with one human can matter so much. Then again, you guess every second with Dean matters so much. Because he changed you. He changed all the time preceding himself. He changed your philosophy, and the cacophony is screaming in your mind once again. You wish he could keep these memories. You wish you could leave that impression on the world. The way you tried to speak love into every touch. It’s so funny, you think mordantly. How the entire apocalypse seemed insignificant in the grand scheme of Earth’s history to you, but to him it was everything. And how this one night seems entirely significant to you despite the grand scheme of Earth’s history, but to him it was nothing.
going to detangle all of that though, and returns back in a sour mood, opening one of the beers he bought and downing it with some whiskey immediately before knocking back on the garage door. He doesn’t feel at all buzzed, but a bit calmer, but he doesn’t want to drink more in front of Cas after saying what he did today.
“You’d pay for me to stay
“What?” you ask.
He muses on what missteps he could potentially make to face walking around Kansas roads aimlessly in gut-wrenching grief while he eats the sandwich. The taste makes him feel a bit sick, but he feels it sit warm in his stomach. He feels a bit of static lift.
“Yeah, Cas, I hear you,” Dean cuts him off, looking even more distressed, but if Sam told Dean he was going to say yes to the devil, then they need to
. Castiel’s thoughts twist impossibly tangled in the pain, and it’s
Dean scooches off the rolling stool he’s been on and sits on the edge of the metal bed where Castiel lays, pressing his butt up against Cas’s stomach. With all the pain Cas is in, measured up with Dean’s proximity, Cas feels dizzy again, dazed, but not in an altogether unpleasant way. Dean takes the knife and swipes it quickly against Cas’s wounded face, causing Cas to gasp out at the stinging pain. Dean pets his ribcage gently as Cas tries to get a grasp on the pain, and Cas feels blissed out by it. Dean slices open Cas’s shirt and swipes the knife across Cas’s chest, and it’s
“Okay.” You’re not entirely sure what to make of the situation, but it really does feel like Earth again, and the sensation of coming back to it, with its air and it’s trees, the petrichor and the daylight through the clouds. It was very similar. You have no idea why you’re here now, or if you’re truly out of hell. But you’re just going to go on the assumption you are. Maybe Jack isn’t going to be completely hands-off after all. At least this time, if God commanded you to be saved, you know why. Naive family loyalty.
“Really? ‘Cause you did a lot of that not too long ago,” you say. She actually flinches at that.
Castiel vaguely recognises this is the last thing he wants, but it’s distorted by how much it’s also everything he wants, just shifted at some angle so the light hits off it wrong. He doesn’t know how to stop it. His skin feels unpleasantly electric.
Humanity blares at him like a sickness or like a drug, humiliation chasing itself past fear. Castiel contemplates if Dean’s going to let him stay at the bunker. He doesn’t want to face Dean to find out.
“Keeping Sam close might make it easier to make sure he doesn’t say yes,” you say, thinking through the benefits. It makes Dean glare at you more, however.
“Yeah, I mean, there’s not much room? Should I sleep on the floor?”
Everything is rottingly empty, and you half wonder
?” you say, and suddenly it slots into place, why Cas seems so weird, so dismissive. Jimmy shrugs, then walks away, not saying anything else, leaving you in a crowd full of people, most of which you don’t know, while a guitar solo goes on.
to have some sort of salve.
“Yes, Dean I do,” Cas grits out, voice low and terse through pain.
“We could move forward without it?”
But what’s more, is that there isn’t anything of Cas’s there either.
. In the end, the core of it comes down to
perhaps this fic is a good example of why someone shouldn't write 6.6k words in one sitting then post it unbetaed but oh well. we live how we live.
“‘Cause I
He wakes to the sharp pain of Dean cutting him again, hands back above his head stuck on the metal platform. He almost finds it a relief, even with the fact that the bare metal against his ruined back in itself is absolutely excruciating.
? For some reason, the horror of Dean’s willingness to do that is visceral. Or is Dean here to rescue him?
HEY hope you liked it <3 would love to hear your thoughts!
“It was... very good,” you manage to assure, and for some reason that makes Dean laugh.
him. He finds both selfish, but the second is so fierce it makes him feel ill.
“You know, of this,” Cas says, and he gestures between the two of them, and their tangled up legs, Dean’s left one of which is getting numb.
“Sap,” Dean says. “Can I stay here?”
“Give me back my memories,” Dean insists. He’s glaring at you now, begging you to fight him. But you don’t want to fight. You want to be able to give him whatever he wants right now. It makes you angrier that you can’t.
“What do you mean?”
But the way he smiles and laughs makes everything feel like grand design in it’s own manner. He makes it make sense. Life is about the living, and that is precious. It is about his happiness. You want to make him happy.
“Geez, Cas, c’mon,” Dean says, and he kisses Cas quickly on the corner of his mouth as if to calm Cas down, and it makes Cas’s heart swell in a way the rest of this hasn’t. It makes him feel happy. Dean pulls away and says, “I get it. It’s fucking terrifying. But uh, you’re not going to lose me. So what’s the worst that could happen.”
“You don’t need to be physically intimate with me,” Cas says, and it’s like a sucker punch. Dean's eyes close involuntarily, grimaces; he was sure this was going to happen, but somehow everything felt so surreal he feels out of touch with the fact it’s happening, now.
“I’m an idiot for thinking this could work, aren’t I?” Dean finally says.
Cas’s response takes a moment to sink in.
By the end of the movie, Dean is so keyed up just by
Sam comes into your room after a few minutes.
Dean doesn’t know if it’s all for the better or for the worse.
“I’m going to leave. You’re going to stay here, and I’ll tell you what to do, you, you know, so you uh? Have to? And I won’t even be in the room. So you can see, this has fuck-all to do with whatever issues you’re placing on me when really you’re just weak and a coward who can’t face what he’s done.”
look like hell, Cas.” Dean sounds panicked now.
“I think we should make a habit of that. A very regular habit,” Dean says, and the idea doesn’t seem so terrifying anymore, like before. He’s not even entirely sure why, considering he knows the feeling of calm will probably fade any moment and today was exhausting in its terror.
“Yes. I was made aware it was an essential.”
him, want him alive, want him well, want him not covered in Dean’s own inflicted wounds.
His hands are always covered with blood, usually fresh if Dean’s around. Dean wants to make the metaphoric manifestation literal, and Cas understands. He can barely feel his hands anymore anyways. He’s constantly distracted by the aching, deep abrasions on his wrists by trying to flinch away and recoil from the pain.
“Well, get in, we don’t have all day,” he says, and he opens the front door of the impala with more force than necessary. You follow suit, getting in the other side, anxiety tight in your chest. You don’t say a word, and Dean starts to drive towards the abandoned house you’re setting up as a trap for Raphael. Before you get there, however, Dean pulls off to the side on a random road, way out from any other cars or people and gets out of the car, slamming the door angrily. You’re not sure if you’re also supposed to. You’re not sure what you’re supposed to do at all. But does it matter? You’re going to die today, you’re certain. So why does it feel like the end of the world that Dean is so upset?
The absence of the tablet screams its presence in the fiery pain in his gut. Did Dean
he enjoys. Even if he’s not sure if he’d be alright with Cas fucking him (which he’s pretty sure Cas wants to do, or maybe he’s supposed to fuck Cas? Which sounds less terrifying and just as erotic, but he doesn’t
“Well, neither can I!” Dean gives out. “You paint a real nice picture of me, Cas, but I can’t live up to whatever fantasy you’ve turned me into.”
“You don’t regret it, but it didn’t happen?” You try to clarify.
“We’re good.”
Dean freezes, and he doesn’t know why, but now it’s suddenly
but when Cas comes into the room, he looks forlorn, and it’s menacing. Dean feels the panic so sharp and bright he can barely make sense of anything else.
He feels the blood from his vessel’s nose slide down his upper lip as he says, “Dean?”
And that’s when it twists back towards anger. Because he never would have done any of this if he knew this was how it would end up. Everything shifts back to that infiltrated, noxious fire. Dean can’t see straight, and he’s not sure how much of that is the alcohol and how much isn’t. He means to make it back to his room because he’s sure he’s about to pass out. But first, he needs to message Cas. He’s livid in a way that obscures everything, even the harsh lighting of the garage.
me? You run away again and again, and it ends with you beating me near to death. Then what do you do? Run away again! Do you think you washed your hands clean?” Cas can’t help but shake his head, even as Dean reaches over him and cuts against the bottom of each of Cas’s palms. Castiel feels the dripping blood from them. “Do you even
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” Dean says. Cas is stunned for a moment, knowing he needs to be quick to react, before it hits him that Dean probably wants him to set his hand in the cuff. For some reason, he can’t do it, sticks shock still, immobilised. The room turns to a halt. He remembers the pain, the fear, the helplessness, his memories giving rise to the last twenty-four hours and flashes of memories he’d rather not observe. He knows he’s not supposed to like this, like being hurt, like whatever Dean’s about to do to him. And he still wants it, he does. But for some reason, he’s having trouble reconciling the prior with the latter and his actual genuine choice. “God, can you not pick up on anything? Put your friggin’ hand in the cuff, I’m not doing shit until I know your mojo’s snuffed.”
TIme twists and extends and pauses while Castiel has trouble discerning thoughts. It’s difficult enough to be slammed into this form of consciousness when his usual perception tethers are tied out of reach, but the out of control pain and the fact with his body’s responses he should be dead by now, nothing’s really making
“Don’t worry,” Dean says. He pushes the ruins of Cas’s white shirt off, sticks it in a pile with the trenchcoat several feet away. “I haven’t given up on you.” Something fragile unwinds in Cas. He feels like porcelain.
He struggles to sit up, but it is met with a crunching jolt of pain to his lower back, knocking the wind out of his vessel’s lungs: a blow. Someone’s hurting him. He reacts fast, past the ache and the confusion and immediately is on his feet and has his blade at the ready. That is, until he sees who it is.
Castiel thought he had gotten free of being under someone’s control, but he hadn’t. He hadn’t, he hadn’t, he hadn’t, and even though he feels guilty for even resenting Dean for it, he does, because he’s so terrified of what Dean wants to do with him.
“So you’re in Hell, and I’m in Hell, how it was meant to be, huh,” you say. You’re not sure how to make small talk now.
face the consequences of his actions instead of
“You’re not healing,” Dean says. “You look like. You
“Yes, alright, Dean,” Cas repeats, reassuring Dean, but trying not to let on how deeply he wants this, how much he would do anything to make up for what he’s done. He sits up, blood gushing from his wounds as he does so.
“Oh, uh,” he mumbles. “Either, either’s, good.” That’s about when Cas lathers his hands in lube and wraps his hot fingers around Dean’s cock. After fucking around teasing Cas all this time, it isn’t that long before he comes, the time elastic and blissful between, jutting out into over-sensitivity a few times pulsating into pleasure, and even if that happens a few too many times, Dean’s having the time of his life.
“Yes,” Cas says, still inhaling deeply trying to breathe through the echoing pain.
real, what is
You knock him out after you take his memories, put him in the back seat of the impala. You tell yourself it’s because he never sleeps enough, and they need another couple hours for visiting the hospital anyways. But it’s actually perhaps much more to do with the fact you need to collect yourself.
“Cas, I’m not sure I want...”
“I’d say so, Cas,” he says, laughs. You must look at him sort of perplexed because he grows serious when he says, “As you said, ‘very good.’” You smile at that, go to kiss him again, because you can, because you’re going to die tomorrow, but you don’t even know how to care right now, and you do that for a minute or so, before Dean’s mumbling, “Cas, I’m, I’m very tired.” You move to sit down properly, let him put his head on your lap, and he seems to think this is a great idea, even though there is still not nearly enough room in this car.
It’s so neverending, he’s thankful when he hears Dean come back, opening his eyes through the remnants of the stinging powder. Dean doesn’t even wash the dried blood away before he makes some biting remarks and starts hurting Cas again.
“You didn’t make a deal right, please, tell me you--”
Dean shook his head and let go of Castiel’s hand to cup both sides of Castiel’s face and run his thumbs over his cheeks. “It was exactly what I needed.
The man’s expression grew from stoic to delighted, and then he audibly laughed from Dean’s words. “No, Mr. Winchester. I’ve never set foot in America.” Dean processed the words slowly before his heart began to race as he realized he was a long way from home. “You were out quite some time. Injecting drugs into an unconscious body seemed a bit like overkill, but we wrote ‘Handle With Care’ on the box we shipped you in.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “That’s exactly what I am doing.”
, although that would be very hard to do now that he already experienced such an electrifying kiss from the man. He hadn’t been checking his phone since he took pride in his work ethic, and didn’t want to set an example, so he focused on work to the best of his ability; but every time he thought about Cas’s chiseled jaw, his plump lips, or his deep blue eyes, he felt a discomforting ache in his pants. He hid underneath the cars as much as possible that day.
She looked around at all of the adjacent tables and agents. She thought about their tickets in their information system. As secure as it was, anything may have been susceptible to a cyber attack.
Dean’s cock sprayed on both of their combined chests given the little room between each other and Castiel was unloading into the condom, still inside of Dean. They were kissing as they came, moaning into each other’s mouths while trying to keep their lips together the best they could.
Dean microwaved a breakfast sandwich and filled up his travel cap with coffee so he could have breakfast to-go. He also picked up his book again, which Sam definitely noticed. He gave a sly smile and proceeded to eat his own breakfast. Dean wrapped his hot sandwich up in napkins and quickly made his way out the door. “Seeya, Samm!” Dean exclaimed as he dashed.
“Castiel, always a pleasure,” Sam said as he got off of the couch to come up to Castiel and shake his hand. Sam also gave Dean a proud look and Dean had never felt more embarrassed.
, and he fell hard from there. That man was a thing of the past, but as he looked at this old, wooden bar, he found himself reminiscing of the one who got away yet again.
He was advised Jo’s side was going to be the left, and Charlie’s was the right, so he found some seats and sat down, nervously waiting. He didn’t recognize any other people aside from some people from the bar. They were not a popular trio in high school, and Dean wouldn’t have had any idea of anyone she met after he moved away.
If one location of many was compromised, they could have frozen the location and relocated to a backup with very little hassle. Dean wouldn’t have needed to be kidnapped. The man needed confirmation of the level of shit they were in, which meant Dean was at
“To each their own,” she politely said. “I uh, hate to be rude, but I do need to go over some work now.” She politely gestured to her laptop bag and Dean responded to a courteous wave.
He got out of bed, and realized he fell asleep in his dress shirt. At least the pants find the floor- that would have been uncomfortable.
“Go ahead and move your right leg for me, baby,” Castiel ordered with an equally taunting expression, but
Cas gave her an unamused look for her terrible line. “Great. So I got my heart broken because
“Okay, okay!” Dean said as he brought the cup up to his lips, giving it a soft blow before he poured the hot, spiked liquid into his mouth. As the creamy, silky chocolate liquid passed his tastebuds, he let out a surprised moan from the amazing flavors (and slight burn), but it was the most delicious drink he had ever had in his life. A warm hot alcoholic chocolate was much better than an ice cold bear on a hot day. “This is seriously amazing. I need more of these.”
Bobby gave a disapproving look at Dean’s self-depreciating comment. “Nonsense,” he refuted. “If you’re being hard on yourself for being just ‘some mechanic’ let me remind you that you’ve got two mechanic fathers, and that hurts a little.”
“And how do you know that?”
“I love you, Dad,” Dean said. It was the first time he had called Bobby Dad directly to him out loud, despite all the times he thought it in his head.
“He needed time to relay your escape plans to the FBI. You weren’t walking out of there alive, and neither was I,” Dean said.
“I think that might sound like a good idea,” Dean said. “Let me give it some thought and I could maybe start next fall.”
Dean shook his head. “No offense to any religious people, but that’s just not me, personally. But, the thought has crossed my mind. We will see if I don’t find them on my own.”
“I think we’re clean now,” Castiel said in a low, sultry tone.
Dean checked in successfully and immediately grabbed one of the water bottles on the counter and began to chug it. He shucked his clothes off down to his briefs and collapsed in the king sized bed with a heavy sigh. He glanced over at all of the empty space. It was too much for just one man by himself.
“You’ll have your chance,” Dean replied cockily. “But I’m in the mood to bottom for a bad guy.”
Dean grunted at the rapid movement and tried to keep up with the guards who were quickly moving him. Something was happening. The location must have been compromised and that is why a sudden evacuation was necessary. His team was close, and they were looking for him. Maybe it was even Jo.
Jo gave Dean a smirk and leaned her side on the railing while continuing to face Dean. “To remind you that you’re not alone, and that you have a friend if you need one.” She took the shot of vodka and downed it herself before Dean had the opportunity to make a choice. “Too slow.”
He had a small idea, and it’s one he didn’t like. A stronger Castiel would have pushed this idea down more, but he was still feeling desperate enough to follow through with it.
Dean drank his misery away the best he could that night until Jo called Sam to pick Dean up. Dean was surprised to see Sam come to the bar, not knowing Jo had called him, and his brother helped to escort him home.
“The rest will be on my tab after, Ellen,” Bobby stated.
“You’re so adorable when you don’t play along. Thank you for the tip,” she relied.
He climbed back head and torso first back into the car and kissed Castiel strongly again. Castiel was more passionate this time around as well.
They made their way to Dean’s hotel room in silence, hand in hand, until Dean needed to fish in his pockets for his key card to open the door. They walked inside, and the atmosphere was tense in a way. They were at the precipice of a thirteen year build of falling in love and waiting to be reunited.
“I can inquire about that tomorrow,” Dean said, moving their hands closer to him so he could kiss Castiel’s knuckles.
When it was time to head to The Roadhouse, they carefully packed up their desserts and Dean resisted the urge to start chowing down on them with his bare hands.
you know a more authentic Castiel than the rest of us.”
wanted to be clingy now.
He got off of his stop and looked around Main Street. It looked rustic, much like every other small town in the U.S, but he could see why many would find it to be charming. He made a note over all the different stores and shops Main Street had to offer: a café, a diner, a law office, boutiques, a clothing store, library, a bar; the list went on.
“Cut me,” Cas asks, grunts out through pain, words involuntary even through the haze of not really knowing what’s going on. They’re met by a deep laceration down across his collarbone to which he gasps out through the anguish.
“Here, let me try, this, hold on,” Cas says, and he moves jerkily to grab something from a jacket underneath the bed.
He lets you stay with him, gets two beds at the motels, and you find yourself always sleeping on the side that’s closer to him, and he always sleeps there too. Maybe it’s habit: get closer to Sam to protect him if there’s a threat. It certainly makes you feel safer even though you’re meant to be
. He was just thinking of how no one else could ever do this to him. It was bitter and stupid, and he can’t believe it.
Cas starts walking towards the house, and Dean chases after him, the sound of his boots loud on the gravel with the wind the only noise in the atmosphere.
“I am not lying,” you say.
“That’s rude,” Dean says, not even mentioning how much fun he’s having.
the help. Naomi, well she wasn’t it. He wouldn’t have
,” Cas says, and he sounds rather desperate, more emotive than Dean’s even used to, and he grabs Dean’s shoulder. He drops his hand immediately though, but Dean turns around anyway, feeling uniquely absent.
, Cas can’t think at all.
“Wow, uh, Cas. Your mouth could give a guy ideas,” Dean says. He’s not looking at you anymore. You wonder if he is referring to blowjobs. It makes you feel brittle somehow, like you’re coming back to yourself, and it’s rigged with vulnerability.
“You were the one who initiated it,” you say, trying to give the full picture to his anger. You didn’t
“Alright,” he says. “I Just. I don’t want to wake up in the empty.” He pauses. “I enjoy pretending this is real.”
“I know you think it’s a kindness,” Cas says, though he has a pretty strong suspicion it’s actually the empty taunting him. “It’s not.”
“We had sex before,” you state simply, hoping the fallout won’t be catastrophic.
“I mean, I could perform oral sex, or,”
He never wanted Dean to see him like this.
When Dean touches him, it feels like it anchors him in a violent storm, and he isn’t sure if he wants that anchor, but he sure as hell doesn’t want the storm. But it’s confusing. Because he also knows Dean is exactly what he wanted, even if in bits and pieces of ways he could find Cas useful. Cas thinks, somewhat hysterically, that this should be the most pleasant one.
Castiel feels it, the screaming pain system signalling throughout his vessel uselessly, and the utter overwhelming distress that
But you are certainly not his saviour when it comes to saving him from the heartbreak of his brother’s absence or the apocalypse or the vampires who have you tied up on some case you could have ended in a blinding flash of light for most of your life.
“I’m sorry, as I said, Naomi--”
“Cas? Is this you? Even if you’re angry at me, or upset I couldn’t save you... if you’re alright please....” you know you’re pleading and it’s pathetic, but you can’t, you just can’t. If it makes the message louder than so be it.
It’s not until he’s so drunk the world is a hazy dream, and the pain has receded momentarily, that he realises that he was just a coward. That the last month and a half, he’s been acting like a fucking coward, and now Cas is gone, and he never gets to experience anything with him again. He’s also going to still have to
He doesn’t know what he’s thinking. Maybe he’s not thinking at all. Maybe there’s bubble wrap around his brain and every time he thinks of Cas another one pops. Cas doesn’t
“What,” Dean asks, like he doesn’t have a clue why Cas could be confused, and Cas tries to focus on Dean now, who’s scoffing and he even has a little smile that Cas wants to take as a positive, except he’s pretty sure it’s not. His soul is still as radiant and apparent as ever, Castiel’s vision intact. Dean punches him again, this time square in the jaw, and it’s so forceful Castiel’s whole body blows backwards and he falls onto the concrete. “Is this not what you deserve?”
“That, I’m trying to find out. Now can you leave me alone for a minute?”
“What’s wrong?” you try, hoping it won’t come out wrong.
“Of course you do,” he says, voice a little weak. Cas stares blankly at Dean for a moment, before looking past him, out to the growing dusk and the greyness behind him. He seems absent.
He’s so lost in his thoughts, he almost misses Dean’s small abrupt cough.
The sound of the machete cutting the air and slicing through her flesh shocks you. If you were falling from a tree instead of crashing like a comet, you think you’d hit a branch. You brace your body, spit out the blood, hope Dean unties you rather than instinctually colliding his weapon with your neck.
“Fine, I just have to say something though,” she says.
“What?”
“Yeah, I mean, it makes sense?”
. “Cas, do you know ‘bout them? Do they work?” Castiel stares at Dean frustrated. If Dean’s going to hold this much power over him, he should at least be smarter about it. Dean narrows his eyes. “Come on Cas, talk to me.”
“Exactly the same, yeah,” you say. Your heart rate has jumped through the ceiling to taste the daylight, and you feel so overwhelmed it feels like your vision is flickering. You’re not able to stay empty forever, you realise. It’s going to hit you that he’s gone. Is he gone? It’s going to hit you that he’s gone.
However, once he sees Cas again who smiles brightly under the single unprotected hanging light, Dean’s mood does evaporate pretty fast into something that tastes like honey.
with, but it’s so loud in Cas’s mind he can barely focus on anything else, like his whole body is so alight with the happiness that Dean wasn’t able to kill him, that the pain barely matters. Maybe Dean will let him go, maybe Cas can prove he’s trustworthy again, maybe he could become a useful friend to Dean and things can go back to where they were, maybe someday Dean could even
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says. It seems like all he can give Dean anymore.
From then on out, Dean switches out the regimes, all varying levels of horrifyingly effective. Cas knows it’s just a side effect, in fact, it’s rudimentary, to serving his punishment, but it doesn’t stop the fact that he cannot escape his own terrifying helplessness, or his vulnerability, despair and hopelessness. Every second of every day, Cas really has no clue how to keep doing this. He doesn’t understand how time keeps passing and he keeps taking more and more of it, but he does.
“So you’ll come home?” Dean ventures. Cas looks perplexed until his expression dours.
Your whole body is now rigid, frozen, and you feel thrown back to exactly how you felt that night he cannot recall. You’re terrified you’re going to do something bad enough for him to want to forget all over again, so you don’t move, still lost in the human endorphins and the desire to close your mouth over his fingers.
“Did I do something wrong?” Dean asks warily. Cas doesn’t know how to answer that.
“Yes,” Cas says, without hesitation. Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t understand. He’s not sure if it’s the lack of alcohol that’s making everything feel so abrupt and sharp or if it’s simply the lack of Cas’s lips on his.
“And you have pie?”
“I don’t have a home.” Dean blinks, grinding gears in his head to a halt, abrupt and confusing.
“We can try.”
“Yes. Well, no that's not... but yes and then when you told me to stay gone and...” Cas says quickly, stilted, then drifts off. “You did sound rather inebriated on that phone call.”
, and it punctuates him off course, suddenly making everything way too much, and Dean feels somewhat sick.
If he still wants you, that means that wasn’t what made him regret it. It must have been some failure on your part, or something personal about you he doesn’t want to associate sexual relations with. Which you guess makes sense: you know there are a lot of layers to human intimacy. It doesn’t stop how it makes you ache.
. You couldn’t save him. And now, he can’t save you again.
it is to watch
“You’re trying to talk to that angel you’re in love with?” she asks.
to see if I would keep going. You wanted to see if I would keep following you. You were
Dean eventually comes again, and Castiel is so relieved he’s not been left to this hell forever, but his brain is still lazor focused on his sins and the constant pain. He sees Dean come in, look at him with some curiosity, whips himself out of his own control, and wonders if he’s sending Dean back to Hell by his decision to let himself face it.
You get sorted in, and Sam brings Bela to one of your spare rooms and gets her situated with some clothing. It makes you uneasy, having her there, and you can’t tell if it’s because of the fact she’s a thief who was actively your enemy over a decade ago, or if your instincts are just off because she stabbed you in the heart while stealing Cas’s face.
“Did you have a good day at work, Dad?” Claire asked.
“This breakup was only a month ago?” Castiel asked with a concerned tone.
. Past tense.”
“Shall I check you out?” Castiel asked.
Dean nodded and made his way out the door and to his car. This was an interesting town for sure, but he definitely couldn’t shake the feelings of resentment and regret. He
“Would you?” Jack asked.
psychic, she wouldn’t have done all this work if him and Castiel weren’t meant to be. Maybe he would lean into that reasoning.
Dean huffed. “So you want to talk about your day? You had a long hard day of selling guns, torturing people, murdering people?” Castiel winced. Dean’s tone was heating up now.
“Don’t worry, you will both be let go upon completion of a task,” Castiel explained. “Let me explain why you are here and what I need you to do. About five years ago, the American government raided a warehouse where the Novak Family Mafia was operating. They were killed on the spot with no survivors except for a few apprehended low-level footmen and two infants who were being watched in the far rooms away from the chaos and the bloodshed. Those children were taken to social services, and the agent who presided over their case waaaaaassss…….,” Castiel dragged out the note as the fear and realization hit the man’s face.
slightly worried his boyfriend was secretly one of
A DNA test confirmed that Castiel Novak was biologically related to Jack and Claire, and all of the pieces made sense; why they were soulmates, why they needed to find each other.
There is an incessant cacophony in your head, and imagery, constantly, of life, and how it ends, and how it burns. You are not entirely terrified of Raphael striking you down again. If you die and come back, it’s a clue that there is something you don’t understand, something to help you make sense of it. And if you stay dead, then the screeching will just stop.
Castiel can’t make sense of himself anymore. Dean’s looking at him so peculiarly. Why won’t he just get
“Yeah, yeah, well don’t do horrible things now, ‘kay?” you say. “Nice threads, by the way.” She frowns at you. At least she seems to be wearing durable boots.
“Yes,” Cas says, not elaborating, staring furiously at the ground.
saviour.
“It seems highly probable at this point, yes,” you admit. You’ve already told him this. You’re not sure how he expects the answer to just change. You let there be room for doubt in your words, though you have none, just to see if it comforts him. You don’t think it does. He’s staring at you intensely now, and you can’t help but return his gaze, glance at his lips. The air feels like static through the dark and vague neon glow. You wonder if he’s going to say something else, if this is where you’re supposed to say something else. He often likes mocking your lack of understanding of different human traits. Sometimes, you think he finds you somewhat endearing. But you’re always still scared of screwing it all up.
“Because you wouldn’t pick up the fucking phone,” Dean says, and he takes a deep breath. He’s followed Cas all the way to some garage outside Topeka hours away from him; he can’t just make Cas want to run again. Who knows what Cas would do.
(See the end of the chapter for
you’ve ever experienced before. But perhaps it was inevitable. No matter what choices you made, Dean was going to change your perception.
“Holding my hand makes it hard to concentrate?” he says, feeling ecstatic. Before Cas has a chance to retort, Dean presses his hand against Cas again, who jerks his full body quickly at it before relaxing and breathing heavily. Dean has also made Cas watch this western on two separate occasions, but it’s very important Cas doesn’t miss any more plot points. He’s starting to wonder if he was at all a distracting presence back when they watched the movies before, and the idea makes him so ridiculously happy. He keeps his hand on Cas’s thigh for a bit longer, marvelling at the way that Cas is most definitely not paying attention to the movie and takes deep shuddering breaths each time Dean moves his hand. It takes Cas all of about ten minutes before he breaks from just that.
when it’s Dean there, hurting him with intent. But it is.
“We should uh, more room, steering wheel just,” Dean mutters. For someone so self-assured so much of the time, you find it absolutely captivating how he’s fumbling now. He slides over the car seat into the back and waits, and you think it’s kind of silly, but you follow suit. You’re greeted with him going to kiss you again, this time pressing your back against the door and seat. It’s so much you can’t conceptualise anything but his hands on you. He moves them under your shirt, across your nipples, and it’s dazzling. This isn’t supposed to be your body, but your perception whites out to his entire interaction with it.
“Do whatever you want. I just. Cas, I’m exhausted.”
He helps you into the car, and you collapse into the passenger seat, the world spinning, fatigue hot in your eyes. You want to sleep more, but Dean hasn’t elaborated, and you want to say something, break the tension.
“‘Course, Cas. Let me make you a sandwich.” Castiel doesn’t reply, but Dean still gets up to do so in silence. Castiel sits down eventually because he’s lightheaded. He tries to think of what month it could be. He doesn’t want to ask how long he’s been gone, but if it wasn’t more than a couple of months, it should be winter now. Castiel doesn’t want to think about how cold it is outside.
Dean is
“Is it alright if I stay here?” Castiel asks instead, finally looking at Dean, who is tapping his finger lightly on the table. Cas can’t read his facial expression, but he does see Dean’s eyes close in a little, like he’s squinting or something.
“You don’t need to thank me,” Castiel says, words terse and with barely contained anger. He can’t bear to face Dean’s response to that, so he turns away, quickly, chases some hallway and tries to find some empty room to process everything that’s happening.
The atmosphere seems electric. Dean wants another drink, and the sky feels like a storm. It’s already getting darker. Time keeps passing. Cas doesn’t slow down, so Dean doesn’t. Dean feels like the world is turning into charged violet and intoxicating greys. But mostly there’s just all these fucking fields and the light still feels too bright.
“Oh fuck,” Dean says. He grabs something from his pocket, unlocks the handcuffs, and Castiel lets out a deep sigh of relief as his grace unfurls from its binds. He doesn’t stop the vibrant pain though. He doesn’t think that’s part of this. “I didn’t mean to make you do that. I’m not going to force you into anything, Cas. I just think I can help you.”
“So you remember you told me to, that I didn’t mean to invade your privacy,” you say. Suddenly, you’re sure the next words out of his mouth are going to be him asking you to make him forget all of this all over again. You think it would kill you.
There’s a similar familiarity to the light, and for a second all the pain goes away. You’re pretty sure the light is love. Everything stops, and you’re overcome with a peace you think you’ve only ever felt once before. But you can’t remember when. You sense fear from the demon beside you, but you can tell they’re a victim too. You’re not sure how. The moment stops, and everything goes blank.
. Let the world know that no, you’re not saved. How can you be saved if he’s gone?
“You will,” Dean says. “Look at me,” he says, and you force your gaze to his, trying to not lower them in the shame you feel. You don’t necessarily think you did something wrong this time, but your face is pulsating, yet not just long before Dean was touching you gently, wanting you to feel pleasure, so the shame and guilt come anyways. “You will, or I swear to God, Cas. I’m just going to drive off and leave you here. I refuse to be around you another second, and I genuinely do not give a fuck if that means never seeing you again.”
), lube would still be smart. And it’s not like he hasn’t used lube with women before, and it’s not like there’s really anyone in the shop, but for some reason he just can’t do it.
“Yes, I assume that to be true,” Cas says. Dean rolls his eyes.
“You didn’t say anything wrong,” Cas says, words tight and angry and maybe a little sad. Which perplexes Dean to no end.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t expect to see you again and make you face how I felt,” Cas says. He thought the biggest hurdle would be Dean’s reaction to Cas’s attraction, and maybe if this was real it would be, but now it seems very much centred around the simple fact Cas loves him.
You’re not in the negatives. You’re not in the positives. You’re just not a numeral. You’re empty. Didn’t Cas know if he left you like this, you’d be dragged there with him, human soul centred in your being, screaming, regardless?
“Okay then well,” Dean looks at your lips, back to your eyes, and you wonder distantly if you should have savoured the way you were kissing instead of just getting lost in it. “I want to fuck you.” You go still. You know logically you just voiced your desire for it, but something about the brash way he said it with the way he was looking at you had you fixated and immobilised again, but you manage to nod, anyways.
He doesn’t know what to say. Doesn’t know what more he can say. No wonder Cas wants to stay away from him. He doesn’t understand how last night ever happened. Maybe he’s fucking delusional. Or maybe Cas is. But Dean’s money is it being himself.
Castiel nods solemnly, guilt roiling and frazzled. He still didn’t understand what was going on, but he supposes that makes sense, given the extent of whatever Naomi did to him. Even thinking of it makes his ability to comprehend go blurry.
“What?”
And that’s when it hits you. It’s all very simple, actually. But you have to give them credit. They never did this to you before.
Dean punches him again, and before Cas has time to recover to process, he’s being dragged across the cold concrete, until Dean shoves him down, hold gone, and Cas loses balance and catches himself on the ground with his hands, more excruciating pain piercing out from his damaged wrist. Shifting off it, he feels Dean twist it back up into his hands, and Castiel feels his body weight wobbling from his knees up just on the painful grip. He forces himself to look up at Dean, who’s somehow got ahold of Cas’s angel blade.
? Heaven’s punishments were always a lot worse. Cas doesn’t feel qualified to answer this question. Shouldn’t Dean know? Dean always knows when he’s done something wrong. He beats himself up over it, punishes himself more than he ever should.
“What? Spit it out?”
His face and wrist are throbbing, and his whole body feels bruised and sore, but nothing compares to the incandescent pain in his stomach. It’s like his vessel is craving the tablet to be connected with him again. Not for the first time, Castiel feels panicked at what the Winchesters might do with it.
“You really think you’re gonna die huh? That you won’t make it outta this one?” he says. It’s interesting, how much it seems like that matters to him. It ignites you.
me, ‘cause you were pissed, and guess what,
“Please don’t say that.”
“Yes,” you say, and you move your hands to his jeans. It makes you feel somewhat more in your depth, to know you’ve done this before, even if you may have failed so badly he wanted to forget it.
You hear him land.
PLEASE remember to heed warning tags. please don't read it if they could be at all triggering or upsetting to you!
“Cas, wait,” Dean says, and he catches up to him right outside the white garage door, touching Cas’s shoulder to turn him around. Cas’s gaze is still lowered, even as he moves with Dean’s touch, refusing to meet Dean’s eyes. Dean is very relieved to not see any tracks of tears, but there’s something empty and scary in the way Cas appears. “Cas, come on!”
“I am... a little unsure on the etiquette,” Cas admits, and Dean forces himself to look at Cas. Cas almost looks vulnerable, like he’s not the one breaking Dean’s heart right now. Dean clenches his teeth together so much it’s almost painful. Cas’s eyes dart around the room.
“You gotta tell me again. I’ve been around the rodeo a few
But it’s just Bela again. Sam did a really good job of checking on her, you think sarcastically. She is wearing some plaid and jeans instead of the ridiculous pajamas. It’s a bit embarrassing, that she sees you now on your knees, and you hastily stand up, which is somehow a bit more humiliating.
“‘Very good,’ well that’s good, I guess,” he says, and he’s still touching you, stroking your legs almost lovingly.
“Okay,” Castiel says. The conversation feels muffled. They head towards Dean’s room at Dean’s shock, assuring he didn’t mean right now, while Cas moves forward like it’s a mission.
“We can go slow,” Dean says. “What about our lives isn’t a mess.” Cas isn’t sure how to respond, how to talk. He’s terrified. Terrified of not being enough for Dean, terrified of Dean lying to him and this all being empty and meaningless, terrified that this is all the empty and he’ll never actually see Dean again, terrified he’ll never be able to kiss Dean without being terrified, terrified Dean will give up on him before they even get a chance to make it through whatever this is. Terrified he’ll believe what Dean says, that Dean could love him.
You survive, and Dean still treats you with affection and care,
“But you said-- last night,” Cas says, and Dean hates hearing the panic in Cas’s voice. He wants to be the person to help calm him down, but he doesn’t know how when it’s his own goddamn fault.
“I’m, I’m a bit drunk, I don’t, I thought you might. Thought I could show you--” Dean rambles, looking at you slightly terrified. It occurs to you, you never made it clear how much you wanted it. You’re not sure how to tell him now, though. Because it feels like electrification. Like if you could rewire the synapses of every living creature on the planet, they’d spark to short circuit. He’s false ions. You’re burning. It’s so much.
you?” Cas says, and he sounds bewildered. It makes Dean feel really embarrassed. But then something dark crosses Cas’s face, and Dean feels like an idiot.
“I’m so sorry, I’m, you, too, the nice things and--” you’re muttering a bit incoherently. You realise you’ve never actually told you loved him with words. You’re bad with words. Especially when
“Probably didn’t help that you committed suicide,” she says. That knocks you off guard.
. How
. Seems to be settling into being human, to some extent, and Dean thinks maybe he’s actually healthily adjusting. Like maybe he has a chance for peace.
“Cas, no, if we’re going to do this, I need to,
“Cas!” Dean exclaims, and you feel him stroke your arm, and it almost feels like some sort of relief to the pain.
“That didn’t happen, last night, alright?” The words feel acidic in your own chest. You’re not sure exactly what he means, because something did happen last night.
“You want me to heal myself?” Cas clarifies. Earlier today, Cas wasn’t sure if Dean was ever going to let him out of those cuffs again.
“Sorry,” Cas says. Everything is very dazy. “I’m not sure if I can give you what you want. I don’t know if I am good at this.”
“Good,” Dean says. And he’s starting to feel a little giddy. He leans into kiss Cas, sweeter, tracing his hands across Cas’s back, the soft fabric against his hands, then under, at Cas’s skin. It’s so real, with the way Cas’s lips feel, the sound and the way everything feels almost unbearable with intensity and heat. He forgets that they’re supposed to be in the middle of an argument, but then he remembers what Cas says in actuality,
the one who decided to go that fast with you before. Why is he judging you for suggesting it now?
“So am I, doesn’t mean I don’t swing both ways. Dean, I’m not here to mock you,” she says.
, the first, not second, hell,
“Don’t you
“Oh, you think it’s for the best, huh?” Dean snipes, and yeah he shouldn’t. Yes, he knew this was going to happen, yes he should have been prepared. But he can’t stop the anger, can’t stop the feeling of betrayal at it. It reminds him distinctly of looking at Cas across the fire. Except now Cas can leave, but he won’t, he’s still in Dean’s fucking room, and Dean just wants to collapse and get super fucking drunk and pretend the fact that he wasn’t ever foolish enough to think Cas would stay.
were the thing that is indiscernible.
But he also knows, like always, he’ll try to give Dean anything he wants. Even if it is a lie. Dean doesn’t need anything transactional. Dean has all of him.
You desperately want to ask him if he plans on leaving you here, like this, but you don’t, and take this mirage as something real, for a moment.
Some sort of relief enters his chest in a fluid motion just to see Cas, and Dean gets out of his car too before he caves into the fear. He’s gotten this far after all. There’s no turning back.
Cas continues, softer, lower, “It’s different. Because I want to be alive. I want to...” Cas trails off, but Dean feels put under a microscope with the way Cas’s gaze travels down him.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” you respond through gritted teeth. She rolls her eyes. “Anyways, I’m into women,” you say, as if the words don’t taste stale. Back in the day, you’d have more energy for this bullshit, but right now it feels rehearsed.
“So you want me back at the bunker so we can have sex?” Cas clarifies, and Dean almost feels like there’s some whooshing sound in his ear, in black and white so fast in circles they melt together.
They’re in the countryside outside Topeka when Cas pulls into a long, gravel driveway of an older style house painted in chipping light blue. There's a large lawn that spreads out lined with a few orchard trees and no other visible automobiles; just a rusting bike. It’s early dusk, and to Dean’s calculations, it’s been well over three hours of driving. Granted, Dean notes, he thinks Cas didn’t take the shortest route ever.
much pain.
“You want to what, Cas?”
He reaches for his grace, but it feels smothered, and dazzling panic bursts in his chest. What is happening to him now? When will his actions be his own? When will he be able to perceive what’s going on?
, but the longer you stick around Dean and his brash scepticism and his bright smile, the more you realise maybe everything you’ve seen is simply atrocious.
“Didn’t expect you to want to move so fast,” he says, and you feel your face go hot with shame.
“Well you keep!” Cas says, really frustrated, not touching anything or moving until he’s finally shoving away his laptop and straddling Dean’s lap, sucking and kissing down his neck. Dean takes his shirt off readily to which Cas turns to gently nibbling his nipples which has him fucking lost in a daze. He feels uncomfortable flutters when Cas goes lower, though, in his stomach, and tries to guide Cas away, which Cas mostly takes as cue to try to get Dean’s jeans off, his jerky movements briefly uncomfortable before Dean tries to help him. Cas almost seems delirious with desire, and Dean keeps touching his face just because he
“You think I kicked you out?” He can’t turn around to face Cas right now. He focuses on the window instead. The windows are up high, and he can mostly just see blue-grey sky.
“What? You think we should babysit him?”
“That is.... Somehow weirdly not surprising,” Sam says, but you see the relief on his face. You feel guilt gnawing something awful in your stomach. “You know I got to test you right.”
to you. He touches you, and it feels static, electrons jumping around in their formations, and you can’t tell if it’s wrong that it makes you feel more alive than you’ve known, or if it’s normal, casual, mundane.
“That’s not what’s happening,” Dean replies. “For God’s sake, hunting itself is violent. This is no big deal, Cas. You... you really think this is about that? Here,” Dean says, and he moves his hand away from Cas’s hair which is somehow all that Cas can focus on. “Take this.” Dean places a long black whip in Cas’s hand. “Sit up, God, Cas,” Dean says, to which Cas follows him without fault, groaning in pain at the movement.
“You need to stop this,” Castiel says when Dean enters the next day (a term relative: Castiel has not seen natural lighting, a clock, nor geared himself into his true form in a long time). Dean just raises his eyebrow at Castiel, who moves to sit -- the board and nails moving with his body painful, his left arm covered in cuts wrapped around his head. Castiel relishes the pain of the position.
“I’m a strong advocate for sleep, as little as I get in my life,” Dean says. “There’s no apocalypses on the rise, Cas, geez, try to look at me as a
So you try again, feel the tension of the cellular bonds rip in your mind, your vision sparkles and dances into darkness, and eventually, it disappears completely, and you’re lost in black.
“Dean, why are you here?” Cas says, and he really sounds like he doesn’t know.
But you can’t stop his frustration, later that night, when he kicks the motel wall and leaves a hole, the noise loud in the night air. You can’t help his despair. He said he needed a couple of hours of sleep (but you’re pretty sure he’s grossly underestimating what humans need). Did he get it?
“You’re going to use it on yourself, for part of your penance,” Dean explains, simply. Cas stills, stares at it inquisitively.
But then the demon’s expression changes; the mocking mirth slips into a more stoic look of happiness or affection or some other fucked up emotion you dare not speak. It makes your heart
“What mood--” you say, but you’re interrupted by Dean’s lips meeting yours.
“Sorry.” The words come through gritted teeth. She looks wary.
“You could eat some pie and we could watch some movies?” Cas says, sounding uncertain. “I also have these energy drinks? They might make you less tired.” Dean finally challenges himself to fully comprehend Cas again.
“No,” she says.
“I was torturing you, when you torture someone you download--”
“Well, my friggin’ foot hurts, that’s what’s wrong Dr. Katz,” Dean says. You’re unsure what that means. Is he upset that you can no longer heal him? Shame ignites across the exterior of your vessel from the centre up.
You’re in
He feels three words under his skin ridiculing him like radioactive decay.
“I wouldn’t have done it if there weren’t any other way. But I do apologise, Dean.”
“I don’t know if you’d like to know,” you say. You’re afraid. You realise it belatedly, as Dean is pulling away.
be on him.
,” he says, still caught under some trance, until he slowly moves his fingers from your lip, but instead of retracting them, he instead pushes two fingers further into your open mouth.
It leaves Dean feeling rather clueless, reality catching up to him and where he is. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do now.
“Yeah, better, Cas,” Dean says, smiling. Cas feels immeasurably relieved. He’s still deeply concerned, however, about where the angel tablet is. And he knows now, he could find it somehow, but he’s overly distracted by Dean’s offer to help him with his penance. He
.” You suddenly feel very small.
“Open. Your. Mouth,” Dean says, green eyes hard, mouth set but almost upturned. You open your mouth almost instinctively, and he pauses at that, perhaps not thinking you’d actually relent, and for a small moment, he just stares at you with your mouth open and his fingertips still on your cheeks. You feel like you’re melting into the pressure, and you’re mesmerised when his hand then moves to hold your lip, pull it up, slight pressure on your gums. You faintly wonder why he had to do it himself, but instead, you’re laser-focused on the contact, and your breath catches faintly, remembering what it was like to kiss him.
Eventually, when Dean sets aside the knife, he grabs one of the towels, starts wiping around Cas, then dabbing his wounds, everywhere except his hands. It doesn’t do all that much, and it stings something terrible, but if Cas tries really hard he can pretend that it’s Dean caring about him. The pain must be making him almost delirious because all he can think of are constant streams of endearment towards Dean that he actively has to bite down. Usually, he feels some degree of control over these thoughts. But Dean looks so beautiful right now.
“I’ll check, for fangs, open your mouth.”
After telling Cas two separate times that he’s coming back, both without prompting beyond Cas’s mood seeming to drop, Dean navigates to the nearest store. He wants to buy lube too, which perhaps he can’t stop thinking about just because he was all up next to Cas the last few hours. He knows it would be a good purchase, technically, even if all he wanted to use it for would be giving Cas hand jobs which he
“Oops,” you say. Unsure of how to alleviate the tension. “Perhaps good that’s not my final death... I mean vampire mimes?”
It isn't your last night on Earth, but, in the end, sometimes you think it should have been.
Dean stands quickly, roughly yanking Cas’s arm behind him and twisting his body before grabbing Cas’s right wrist with his left and clinking it into its place in the cuff like before. Cas lets himself be manhandled, heart beating rapidly as he cranes his neck around to stare up at Dean, who is unreadable looking down on him.
, is the fact it sends noradrenaline in cascades, triggering hormonal response of fear. You think at this point, there isn’t anything you wouldn’t do for Dean. But it’s hard to tell him that his hand on his shoulder alone undoes you. That the reasons why casual sex can be seen as a sin are rushing through you, even if he’s immune to whatever you are feeling. It is so bizarre, to be so much beyond him, yet having him still so much beyond you.
When you get back to the impala, Dean’s laughter dies down after a moment. He seems more sober than he is, and he just sits there for a minute. You want to tell him about the dangers of driving under the influence, which you can tell he is just by looking at him, and that perhaps you should drive, but he’s just sitting there anyways.
“I think I should, probably, Dean, I’ve done... I’ve done horrible things...” she trails off, still disoriented. You recognise that, even if for you it was a decade compared to the amount of time she’s been there you can’t even begin to fathom.
“Cas, do you want this? Are you okay? I shouldn’t have made you open your mouth like that, and I--”
His hand is then moving up and down again though, rapidly, waves of pleasure crescendoing so intense you can’t feel anything, until you’re coming all over his hands, gasping for breath. He grabs some napkins, attempts to clean you up, before you’re both fully clothed again, and he’s just lazily petting your hair.
“Cas, no way am I fucking you without lube,” Dean says, sounding somewhat appalled.
“You told me to leave,” Cas accuses.
“Why? Because it’s a drug? I mean yeah you
The worst part about falling is not the loss of power. It is not the ostracisation. It is not even being hunted and having to kill your own family. It is not the fact there was failure in it, that, in the end, your choice made no real difference besides whatever you see in his eyes, no. The worst part of falling is the fact it changes how you view
But then you feel pressure from someone’s hand on your shoulder, and you open your eyes to make out his face, and for a moment, everything isn’t so horrible. But your system is still in recovery, and a wave of sharp pain comes from nowhere, and you find yourself curling in on yourself in the dirt.
into your vision for eternity, even if eternity is this last night or billions of years.
“Well, the real Cas could never want you,” the demon says. If you wanted pitiful torture like this, you’d just listen to your internal monologue on earth.
“Dean, what’s going on?” Castiel asks again. Dean isn’t moving, face hard, looking at the blade in Cas’s hand. Castiel remembers their last interaction and drops the blade as if it’s made of holy fire.
“I’m confused, Dean, why are you giving this to me?”
“Cas, Cas, this is so, so good,” Dean’s muttering out, much more vocal than you, hands in your hair, moving, so so gentle, and you swallow him down more, moaning as you feel his cock sliding in and out of your mouth. It’s vaguely uncomfortable (though maybe you’re pushing yourself too fast) which somehow makes it hotter for you. You’re surprised at your reaction given you just came and you know male humans have a refractory period, but you suppose you don’t have to be getting off to find something so erotic and pleasurable. Granted, it’s probably Dean’s encouragement that gets to you the most. He keeps going on, repeating how good it is, your name, and as you go on, he starts taking your father’s name in vain too. Towards the end, he’s just pleading,
“You got that fucking right.”
him, Dean deserves to hurt him,
His hand is in your hair though, gentle, and it’s grounding. You’re trying to speak your love to him all over again in this physical language, this one you’re learning now as opposed to knowing from the patterns. You think you’re doing good, that he is returning some form of care or appreciation in the sentiment. He’s at least moaning a lot, breathy and loud.
Dean convinces Cas to watch yet another movie with him, but somewhere around the half hour mark, he pushes their hands farther up Cas’s thigh, and something so satisfied and joyful sparks in Dean as Cas’s breath hitches. He tests it further, sliding his hand out of Cas’s who lets go easily, across Cas’s crotch, his sweatpants which give away everything.
what it’s like to have nothing. Is it
Whatever confusion that was rattling around in Castiel’s brain dissipates with the sparkling pain and cancerous guilt consuming him. Dean pulls him up with a punishing grip on Cas’s right wrist, above some broken handcuff, that makes Cas’s head go fuzzy with the pain of it, before Dean slams his fist into Cas’s face again, and Castiel is so overwhelmed with the pain, he tries to jerk out of Dean’s hold, which just makes Dean’s grip tighter and Dean hit him again.
“You didn’t want me in your home. I left your home. I went to a place where I am paying money and seem to not be likely to have to leave on short notice. You followed me here. I don’t see how any of that is you doing something wrong.” Dean feels almost winded from a punch in the gut, but Cas seems unaffected by the weight of his words and goes to put the snacks into the cupboards.
“Wow, gotta say Cas this is.... This is something,” Dean muses, because he can’t, because the ceiling looks like it could also be a television set that only shows shades in green and black and maybe the cold on his skin means he’s in hell, not that he needs to put a jacket on over his t-shirt. He wonders how many people get their hearts broken by angels. Does he need to join a club. The thought bubbles like golden crystals, and he’s not sure if much makes sense right now.
“The Men of Letters bunker has a lot of interesting artefacts,” Dean says. Castiel can imagine. “These cuffs now, they’re a real prize.” Castiel moves abruptly, trying to get a look at them, before Dean says, “Stay still,” and Castiel’s vessel stills completely, and despite the wave of terror overcoming him, Castiel cannot move at all.
Cas still doesn’t pick up. Dean vaguely recognises he never would have said that shit if he thought Cas would actually go. But he did, and now he fights the urge to punch the steering wheel.
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my
, somehow, to have these memories, yet still be alive. Would he have wanted you to take them away if he knew you were going to survive? Did he count on you dying?
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says. He came in here for food, but the thought of asking Dean for it makes him feel sick and shivery, and he realises he really doesn’t need to eat that much at all. He’ll drink some water, he decides. Water has always been plentiful at the bunker.
“You didn’t kill me,” Castiel says.
, matched by the heartbroken rejected pain that’s somehow enhanced by every bit of punishment Dean has just inflicted on him. He wants to die for Dean. He wants someone to kill him as punishment. But he doesn’t want Dean to kill him as punishment. He wants Dean to
“Cas, don’t move,” he says, and suddenly Cas’s entire body goes still, aside from the involuntary convulsions in his arms. Castiel is terrified. He’s felt trapped ever since Dean’s started, incapable of running, wrists bleeding from his desperation to reel away. But this is different. He really can’t escape. “Get the fuck
“Oh obviously?” Cas says, and Dean’s almost relieved by how Cas is finally responding bitterly instead of just turning into himself, sad.
,” Dean says, and maybe it’s a little harsh, but it’s not even with intent to harm. He’s so good at that, at destroying people, but that’s not the point here, and Cas still looks like Dean cut him down completely. It’s tiring. It’s tiring that even when he does try, even when he does everything he can, he’s still not enough. Anger, defences, destruction aside. He’s just not good enough.
“Then let me help you,” Dean says, his voice marginally softer. It makes Cas feel dizzily euphoric. “Let me help you with your penance.” He smiles at Cas, and it feels like a balm, the pain blossoming strong still, every time he remembers what he’s done.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says quickly. “I’m grateful you let me stay at the bunker as long as you did.”
He would let Dean do absolutely anything to him. He literally has done anything for Dean, eternal paradigm shifts and great rebellion. He craves to be whatever Dean wants. He would twist himself into it. His thoughts feel like hot glue coming apart.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms. Once the horror at such a weapon being used against Castiel dims, it does start to make sense. Of course, Dean would need assurance that Castiel wouldn’t hurt him again. Castiel had no clue if they would compare to Naomi’s influence since he didn’t really understand that, but it was smart of Dean. And some selfish part of him did feel a bit relieved that he literally
“Do you want me to stop?” Dean asks, half mockingly and half because he’s genuinely serious.
”. But he doesn’t get it. Just like you couldn’t understand why death mattered until you first touched him. He has seen people die, he has seen people suffer, he has dedicated his life to every individual person he can find and save, and he’d give up anything for that. He looks at the past, at God’s absence, through the lense of history. But you’ve seen things he can’t imagine. He can’t even look and comprehend your body at the same time without melting his eyes out, and you’re beginning to think that maybe you’re not able to look at the past and everything you’ve seen without the same thing happening to yourself.
“I mean, I guess a sloppy handjob isn’t the best way to lose your virginity, assuming you didn’t sneak out to meet any women at bars I wasn’t aware of, but I personally still count it as sex,” Dean says.
redemption?”
“Well, it wasn’t really,” you say, and you say it before you really think if it’s smart or not to let that piece of information out.
, and supposedly that’s love. Whatever,” Dean says. He gets up then, bed shifting from where Dean guided them to sit during Cas’s daze, and goes to leave. Panic sparks up, and Cas is suddenly terrified he’ll never see Dean again.
Out of nowhere, there’s blinding light, and the demon drops its Castiel exterior, turns into shifting black smoke, but for some reason you still recognise them, somehow. You’re not sure how. There’s just familiarity.
You wish he’d call you, though.
Cas nods minutely, and Dean hears the sound of the door shutting behind him, and he can finally let the tension leave him. He thinks he would have just collapsed, like all the drawstringed tension finally released from him, but he’s motivated. He needs to be drunk, immediately. He needs to stop remembering. He feels nauseous, sick, sharp hook in his chest, heart still somehow on fire, breaking; the sensations overlap and contrast and compare and make him feel like he’s about to throw up.
“Okay,” Cas says.
. The distress recedes, despite Cas’s confusion. When Dean pulls away, to Cas’s dismay, there’s blood on Dean’s shirt.
” you hear from beside you, and you glance over, instantly on alert, now that you’re not alone.
“Dean, I simply do not want to trigger your experiences from Hell,” Cas says, brain swimming in pain more than anything.
something. Like there is some sort of meaning to the beauty of your father’s world and creations in the way the night barely illuminates the man you love’s face. When things get still, when he’s cautious and not bitter and cruel, and the wind sounds hit trees or rush past his car in a way that is so far from flying, but you feel less trapped by his side anyways.
But a few weeks in, Cas messages him, “
Cas’s face is sticky with blood, and everything is so painful, so fresh and immediate and connected in a way he’s not accustomed to, that he gets confused about what’s going on, looks up at Dean through blurry eyes, and tries to place what’s happening, why can’t he process any of this pain, why Dean wants to hurt him, but then it slides back into place, the guilt eating Cas alive.
“Dean, I want this,” you say, and it’s not until you tell him that, does the dam burst in your chest. You want this. You’ve wanted this so badly and every empty bit of space between every atom between the two of you feels like incompletion. You’ve been holding back every thought, terrified they’re wrong, they’ll hurt him somehow, by virtue of existing, by virtue of you still existing when the two of you thought you’d die before you made these decisions last time.
“You know it’s rude to steal someone’s face,” you spit out. “Like, full on impolite. Don’t they teach you manners at demon school?” Cas’s hands still move, up and down, the further, and the anticipation actually does something to your modified, fake, replicated nervous system. And then he just stops.
“Do you think I could
“God, Cas, know, don’t go--don’t think that. It just didn’t happen okay? Can’t we just make it so it never happened?” You’re even more confused now. He’s not suggesting you time travel and prevent it? You certainly do not have enough power to risk that right before facing Raphael. He probably doesn’t know the limits of your powers right now, but the idea that you’d strain yourself like that to prevent your intercourse stabs you something awful. But then again, it hurts so badly you can hardly think that he wants it to have never happened in the first place.
“I don’t think I’m able to,” you admit tersely, focusing your words to the dirt ground. You feel the slam of his fist against your cheek, mechanical debridement meets shaking overcome. You’re knocked for your orbit again, collision in gravitation wake.
“I’m not a murderer like your boyfriend over there,” she says. You want to defend Dean, but you’re frozen now, uncomfortable with the way her body is on yours. She cuts her arm, and you try to reach for your wings, and they’re still there, you know they are, but you’re having trouble mobilising. She pinches your nose, but it’s okay, you have enough grace left not to need to breathe. She wants to turn you. Make you into a vampire. You imagine Dean chopping of your head in this human body. You wonder if it would kill you. Your grace isn’t adequate, the pristine homeostasis of life used to be easier to alter than this breathing, but now your head starts to get fuzzy. The vision of your head rolling on the ground with Dean looking down at it motivates you to make sure you don’t breathe manually, but then you see Dean in the distance, and your mouth opens in shock on instinct, and your taste is instantly flooded with blood.
“Yes, I did,” Dean admits, regret pooling sticky under his skin. “I wasn’t thinking, but
“It wasn’t April,” Cas says, guilt splashing turmoil in his throat. “April was possessed.”
But Cas does seem upset at the tone, grimaces, stays so still in place. Human or not, Cas was ethereal. Dean’s hands start trembling when he finally realises
“You mean the sex. You mean you regret having sex with me,” you say, the words flat, monotone. Hard to say. Dean winces. Shifts his weight from one foot to another.
that. Like he doesn’t think of that. Like he hasn’t already noted the way there is no devil trap in this room. Or salt lining the door and windows.
The vampire with matted brown hair and a raspy voice from how much she was screaming when Dean killed her friends straddles your lap, and you realise you haven’t felt as helpless as this even when Alastair was chanting with your vessel on a hook.
“Does that change anything, Cas?” Dean says, and he sounds so sorrowful, so sincere. Castiel feels it, choking around him, pressurised and intense. “You still
He won’t kiss Cas’s lips, but he’ll kiss his neck. He’ll kiss his chest, his hips, he’ll bring Cas pleasure, start his fleeing act. Try to get out of his head and ignore how much, how significant, it is to touch Cas so sensitive, to make him come undone like that. He’s unwound.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel repeats, uselessly. He takes Dean in, who’s looking at him wary despite Cas’s current unarmed state and his smothered grace, before Dean’s grimace hardens, he pulls back, and punches Castiel straight in the face.
, and it feels like when you time travel too far and suddenly the oxygen level isn’t meant for your vessel, and you have to let your grace compensate. You second guess it a lot. It makes you feel
“Of course you’re so greedy for him, aren’t you?” he says. “‘One thing he can’t have....’ pity he died before you could have revealed how much those words hurt you. Because you’re the one who can’t have what you want. Perverted human thoughts. What could he possibly mean when you’d give him
“Good,” Dean says, and then he does something rather unexpected. He pulls Cas close to him, and wraps his arms around him.
He hopes Dean gets on with it and kills him already. But also, the mere thought Dean would want to kill him like this makes Cas feel so sick, so nauseous and shivery, and nothing makes sense, and he feels like he’s going to tumble back into unconsciousness from how acute and impossible the pain is.
to remember, so I removed your ability to,” you say, the words finally out in all their bitter glory. It takes approximately two seconds for Dean to process that, before he punches you square in the face.
“I don’t have my grace,” Cas reminds him again, like Dean doesn’t
You follow suit and get into the truck anyways, and it’s a musty old thing with garbage Dean never bothered to clear out at the feet and dust that billows into the air if you hit the seats. You decidedly prefer the Impala, but of course, you’re never going to mention it. Dean doesn’t move to drive, or really do anything, as the bright white light of a cloudy sky with the sun begging to pierce through illuminates his set jaw. You sit there in silence, unsure if he needs reassurance you’re not turned. You’re not human enough to fall victim to this particular disease.
“The end?”
He didn’t think he’d ever be allowed this. He doesn’t get why things keep sinking in through waves, but he
. Suddenly flashes of how Cas betrayed him, of anger so tight he can’t see straight, filtrate through. He blows out a breath and is left with some sort of emptiness.
You’re tied up, ropes around you, fully clothed and sore. Your hands are tied alongside your body, but your reach for your pocket, and there’s a knife, and when you feel for it, you realise it’s your favourite knife, the one you always like to have in your jacket. You easily cut the ropes off and realise you’re above a bunch of ash, and oh, shit, someone,
But you’re so thankful. Because maybe you can lose yourself in it. Because aren’t you supposed to see Cas again, even if it’s just in your best memories?
like, since
Dean is good at lashing out. You’re unsure why this throws you so off-balance.
despite the fact he’s trying to hold the whole world on his shoulders.
But also, there is a small curling thought you know is true in the end.
It all seems very fishy, and your life is being capable of telling when something is up. But then you see him, and you know right then, yeah,
Is this another rendition of Hell?
“I would too,” you say.
Devotion. He wants Dean’s devotion. It makes him feel sick to think about it.
