Cho smiled. "Well, at least there is that. You all have such little self-preservation the three of you couldn't fill a teaspoon with it. But you're also all very protective, so...maybe it'll even out." She nodded and turned to the images she'd taken of Tony's arm. "Good news, you're ahead on the curve."
"Yes, but I don't skip school often, and it's only for hero stuff. So, I won't be in too much trouble."
"Well, since I have hotels on all four sides of this board-"
More of the same, warning wise.
"I'd rather he not do it with Spiderman though, it's dangerous." Steve sighed.
"'ey don' know." Maggie said, her head hurt.
"Can we watch it again?" Maggie asked after the credits rolled.
"You never answered if the sanctum was bigger on the inside."
"If these people can make kids vanish from the Earth without me being able to see it...I can imagine they can screen calls." Tony said. "They probably didn't want more people involved..."
Tony had his un-casted arm in Steve's. It took them a few minutes to find a seat in the auditorium. It was dark enough that they wouldn't be recognized, but it wasn't so dark that they couldn't see. Tony sat down and winced a little bit. His side ached a little at the stiff chairs, but he'd deal with it. He was there for Peter.
"Tennis shoes?!" Peter sat on the side of his building. "Daaaaaaamn, girl. Are you Natalie Portman under the mask?"
Strange laughed. "Mental training, not physical."
The man smiled. "I'd ask what you need from me?"
"Quentin Beck, that's his name. I'll send you details."
"Well, he's amazing. The prosthetic line is going out. I gotta thank you and Sam for connecting us with all those veterans. It really helps. The more people know, the more options they can have if they're dealing with loss of limb. Oh! And this month, the BoD wants to see me."
Maggie flushed. She didn't know why, but she couldn't stop the heat from rising to her cheeks. "He's my friend. But unless there's an emergency, I'll be here. Training. Can I use a sling ring this time?"
"This? This? Or this?"
"Strange is really trying to keep his Poker Face." Maggie pointed to the doctor who did not have a poker face at all, instead, he looked annoyed.
Peter felt a tingle up his neck and turned around. Tony walked into the lab and went right over to a desk, beginning to look through something. That wasn't right. Tony was supposed to be on bedrest. After breaking his arm and ribs he was ordered to rest. Steve would be irate if he knew Tony'd gone to work. Maybe Tony'd really taken this 'have to watch Peter's every move' thing too seriously. Peter sighed and walked up to Tony. Something seemed off. His senses were telling him that something was missing, that a detail wasn't right, but he couldn't put his finger on it. He was probably tired. His senses got weird sometimes. "Hey, Mr. Stark, what are you doing down here?"
"He's somewhere near wooden rafters. He...went somewhere safe. That's all I could see. It's a small place. A circle." She described. "The bad guys left shortly before you showed up...moved somewhere else, I don't know. I can't tell. But Peter's in a circle wooden room with a low ceiling...exposed rafters...maybe a water stain?" She coughed and covered her mouth. A few specks of blood covered her hand.
He could hear his dad and papa trying to soothe him, but he didn't feel soothed. He wanted to clench his fists, but when he moved his left hand he was met with pain. He grit his teeth and winced.
"If you focused instead of quipping, you'd do better."
"The medbay. Is he hurt?" Peter choked out. His heart felt like it was in his throat.
"I don't think so. You're going to be nervous. Plus you're an intern, so...they probably won't expect like, perfection."
She patted his shoulder with a gloved hand. "If I didn't trust you, you'd know. You don't freak me out. I've gotten pretty good at judging people, danger sense or not." She stood up. She washed the dishes, but didn't know where they went, so left them in the strainer. Then went to her room. She got out her old gameboy out. Nurse Joy had stirred up her hankering for a new game of pokemon.
"I get you a tramp stamp." Tony smirked. "'If lost, return to Tony Stark.'"
"Well, there's nothing wrong with needing someone. And you don't have to tell him he's Dr. Dad or anything but-"
"You've been up all night watching me. Which, I gotta say, I don't know if I should be flattered or creeped out. Stalker much?"
"That's all I ask. I'm not great at the chemistry thing. More of a designer and coder. Maybe a bit of engineering, but chem goes over my head. Don't know why you're on this floor." Quentin chuckled.
"I'm a little pissed about that...but I watched the footage and you did what you could." Tony promised. "Good job, bambino." He ruffled his hair. "The news hates all of us at the moment. The A-Team is getting their ass flogged publicly for helping Iron Man. The Daily Bugle is calling you a menace for siding with me. Lots of bad news. But, you and Miss Reset got the best of it. They don't like who you sided with, but there's a lot of praise from the people you saved."
Ned tilted his head to the side. "Are you okay, bro?"
"Then why don't you come home early? We can talk about it, right?" Tony asked, his voice clearly concerned.
For hours, Tony and Steve tried everything they could think of. Looked everywhere for Peter. They tried to look at the videos around the church. Called pastor Aaron. Spoke to the people along the street. Everything.
"Yeah, I got this. I know you don't like it down here, plus he'll be out for a bit." He ruffled Peter's hair. "We may not have leftovers in our fridge, but you can check out the common floor, there's some food leftover there from movie night."
Tony took the pause that followed to change the subject. "Your prosthetics are off, you still wanna do lab time?"
Tony felt sick. He looked at Peter's phone. The lock screen lit up. Another message was on it.
"No, not Maria, because then Peter'd be our kid in SHIELD files. I can't trust them with that information, their security is shit. And I'm not sure Mr. Pirate would be trustable with a teenaged superhero. I don't need him trying to recruit our kid." Tony shook his head.
Maggie nodded.
Maggie sighed and lowered her gaze. Her eyes meeting her gloved hands where they rested on her knees. There was nothing for a while, just a connection between her body and mind.
"I need to talk to dad." Peter stated. "Is he awake?"
Peter nodded. "I like this idea. Then I can stay in school. I just want to finish school this year. I've already missed so much. And if you try to hide me he'll only try to come after me more, right?"
It was a generous offer. "Sounds like we're in business, Mr. Stane."
"We can talk about this later, yeah? Make sure you eat, bud. And get some rest, school's bright and early tomorrow."
If you've never listened to Cabin Pressure, get on youtube and look up Le Bear Polar just so you can get the joke. It'll also help you laugh after all the dark and heavy in here. Cabin Pressure in general is just fabulous. Everyone is on their a-game there.
"Okay, you've got me. I like this show." Dr. Strange huffed.
"Well, he's hurting my neck just by laying like that."
"Where is the potion th-thing?"
Peter opened his eyes briefly to try to figure out where he was. Then he closed his eyes again and ran. He needed to get somewhere where he couldn't be watched. Then he could try to get somewhere safe.
Quiet.
Wade was pacing. Ness was stepping free from the bathroom, her hair freshly wet from a shower.
"Papa." Peter nodded. "Yeah, that works."
He grabbed her forearm and pulled her against his chest. One of his hands gently rubbed her back, the other hand started massaging her head. "Did you take your medicine?" He kept his voice low.
"Nothing's going to happen today."
Her eyes darted sideways to the brick she knew she could dig out of the wall.
"Yeet!"
"Bitch. I'll make sure you scream." His hand wrapped around her throat as he pinned her to the ground. Her head screamed in pain as it hit the ground.
"My pokeballs. Get your head out of the gutter, Ness." Wade poked her side. "I'd totally be Pikachu...no Detective Pikachu. But nooo, they'd probably cast that dumb fuck Ryan Reynolds to do the job."
Maggie felt warmth in her chest. He didn't act like she was weak or small, he simply respected her boundaries for what they were, boundaries. "Thank you."
"Awe, spoilsport." Wade waved him off.
At this point I have an idea for a series of one-shots with Dr. Strange and Maggie. Probably not the most exciting for people, but I'm excited to write it so...it's gonna be a thing. May do a brief Thanos arc after that too. We'll see. Got a few other snapshot ideas too. Probably not anything this huge again for this series length-wise.
She sniffled and kept crying.
"Sort of?" Maggie shrugged. "I'm going to get changed real quick, it shouldn't burn in that time." She promised, rushing to her room. She grabbed a new set of clothes and then paused.
Maggie sighed. "Fair enough."
"Okay." Tony agreed, raising his hands.
"Which one?"
"Hey, honey. I'm beating the shit out of Peter-"
"I'll let you know." Tony promised before turning around. So, how was he supposed to woosh back to wherever he was? "Uh, Strange?"
"He didn't have dinner." Steve frowned.
"I agree with you." Clint said, absolutely unbothered by the scene.
Ned and MJ knew the truth, along with some of the staff at Midtown. But...other than that Peter was grateful that things had quieted down a bit.
"No, no, no. Don't... Don't go. MAY!" He ran through the street. He dodged cars and pushed through the people on the corner. He followed his aunt where she'd walked down an alleyway.
"Well, I went to school with mutants for a year...and I don't know how to describe this." Maggie huffed. Her staff was in her gloved hands. Her hair was wild, falling around her masked face. The usual tie that held it up had broken. "Thanks, by the way. This guy can...super out-maneuver me. He's fast. I got a few hits in, but I've been using a lot of my powers."
"Are you still fighting over who get's Peter as best man?" Nat laughed.
It was adorable and pretty clever. Tony was pretty sure she'd just had one outfit Velcroed over another or...something. It was cute though. And she obviously loved to dance.
"Peter, I'd never ignore that." Tony promised, ruffling his hair with his good hand. "Never."
"I would rather not feel the stitches, yes. So...needle good. Load me up on the good drugs. FUCK." The muscles in her leg spasmed uncontrollably at the next stab. Her eyes watered out of her control. The stab and beating she went through wasn't anywhere near this painful. Why was a needle worse than a stab?
"Mm." Strange took to the sky.
"Me and Pep will do most of the schmoozing. You just have to handle the science-y part. There won't be a lot of press, but there will be flashing lights. I asked to keep it limited for the sake of your super senses, I told them it was because Steve was going to be there and he gets headaches after a while. After that it's going to sort of be like a nerd convention. Lots of scientists from SI showing off projects. Yours is just the centerpiece tonight, alright?"
"Thank you." Maggie whispered hoarsely, then let her head fall back to the desk, trying to block out as many sounds and as much light as she could.
Peter's face turned red, growing hot. "Kill me now."
"Hi, Zia Pepper." Peter waved. Ned barely kept his jaw in place.
"Nope, just a sort of...tapping."
"Parker! Leeds! Less talking, more learning." The teacher called.
"Pops...it won't help to fight back. He's an asshole. That's all."
"You are all horrible." Tony groaned. "I'm reprograming you, JARVIS. This house isn't a democracy. I alone am the law." He took the food that Steve offered him.
"On his way. Had some recon with Nat today on something 'top secret'."
"What do you want?"
"Thai."
A man in yellow robes was sitting in front of a low table.
"You were right, road rage. It's settled."
"Resting. I need to move her out of here."
Peter nodded and looked at his parents. They'd come a long way. He'd come a long way. And if the hell that had been last year had only made them stronger, then he couldn't imagine that anything could tear them apart. "Me too." Peter smiled. "Want to help me steal some cake?"
"Good." Peter nodded.
Her phone rang as she tried to get her breathing under control. She picked it up. It was a video call. "H-hello?"
Something blew up. Close. People were screaming.
Pepper patted his shoulder. "And now you're calmed down. It's best not to go out there nervous, they can smell fear."
Strange lifted an eyebrow, but turned on his TV and found the show. One episode would be all he allowed. She should rest, to heal for one, and two becuase she was a teenager who needed all the sleep possible. He watched the show and found it intriguing. "I'm not so sure about this."
"Do you know that girl?" Karen asked. "You seemed at ease with her."
"Yeah, because you're ALL about rules."
"Go back to sleep."
"Hey, shorty. What are you doing?" Wade asked.
Thor slouched, looking struck. "My jest was taken seriously? I'm so sorry, worthy Peter. Please don't be afraid. Come down from the ceiling. You can always have some pop tarts. In fact, we can share pop tarts. You are worthy, after all."
"I specialize in weird thinking."
"That was borderline polite." Maggie laughed. Dr. Strange and Wade...didn't get along. At all. On the alignment chart Wade was Chaotic...well, just Chaotic. Dr. Strange was somewhere closer to Neutral, maybe lawful? Whatever they were, it didn't mesh well. "They're no where near strict, but they're protective and they want me to do well. We make it work."
She got upset easily and Peter didn't blame her for it, he freaked out over little things too since he'd gotten out. But when she fumbled over a word too long, she'd start crying. When she'd seen the state of her hair, she'd cried for an hour. It wasn't her crying that upset Peter... He felt like he'd had a part in her crying. It was his fault. He'd left her there, with them. And they'd taken that anger out on her. He felt guilty every time he saw her struggle. Every time she stumbled when she walked. Every time she cried. Every time she lost focus.
"Peter, this is serious!"
The girl slipped the paper back when the teacher wasn't looking, then started texting under her desk.
"Wh-what? Yeah!"
"Who I am doesn't matter. I'm just the face, there's lots of us. You stole something from us. Call it our brain child. You took it. So we came up with a plan to ruin your life. Watched you. Thought about taking Captain Rogers, but then we saw something." He said. "A kid. Your kid. You have a son. Congrats, it's a boy! He's a nice kid, really sweet, genius, really."
"Where are your sexy AF parents? Especially the brown haired one. Now he's a DILF. Where's he at?" Wade asked with a grin.
"Neither were we. But she's our girl. We figured it out...eventually." Vanessa stood up and looked down on Dr. Strange, a smirk on her face. "Wade wanted to me to tell you that he doesn't care what sort of shit you know. He wanted to let you know that he can't die and he'll keep coming back until you've been sliced into enough pieces that no one can put them back together again if you hurt our girl."
"You've never told me that story." She wondered why.
"How long have they been gone?" Strange asked, his heart ached. Fear and panic were bubbling up.
"Does that help with your...hand-wavy stuff?"
Strange blinked at him. Peter expected judgement or anger. None of those things flickered on his face. "That's not on you, Peter. Now, please, rest. She's been asking about you. She'll be glad to know you're alright."
"Try again. It's okay." Wade said, surprisingly gentle.
Maggie grinned and nodded, but then frowned. "Is... Captain Rogers there?"
"Why would you think that?"
Strange couldn't help a soft snort.
"Feeling better?"
"Safe. I put them somewhere they can't be harmed, same place I have Margaret. They have a doctor too."
Maggie sighed and wished she could flop face-first onto her bed. "I'm going to Dr. Strange's this weekend."
"It's fine. Hear I'm healing on pace...a normal slow one anyway."
"How bad...really?" Maggie asked, looking scared and lost.
"Peter Parker is in the building." JARVIS said in the background.
"Woah." Peter said with wide eyes. She'd gotten so much better over the last year. "Work it, Reese." The building put itself together all the way. Peter applauded. Then launched himself from the building. He sensed it before it happened. Her body fell. He caught her and tumbled to the ground. He rolled, letting his own body take the impact with the ground. He was more durable than she was. "Reset?"
Peter watched the man go, then he shifted his hands in the cuffs. Trying to test them. They didn't budge. At all. What were these things made of?
And...he wanted to help with that night...the ghost, the nightmare come to life. He wanted to get rid of it, help reassure her that she was safe. Still, he had no clue what it could be. It didn't appear to be anything mystical that he could think of.
"No onions."
Steve smiled and gently shifted, picking Peter up. Peter latched on like a koala. Steve kissed his forehead and carried his son down the hall. JARVIS dimmed the lights behind them.
Clint ducked as he went around the corner. A staff flew over his head. He tackled the girl in blue. Straddling her legs in hopes the girl wouldn't fly away again. "Hey, feisty, stay down."
"That's normal, yeah?" Wade looked at Strange, calm, but there was a hint of worry in his eyes. Anger too.
"Rest, okay, Mags?"
"No, he doesn't." Nat sighed. She kept her face on Peter, but softened her voice toward Thor. "Peter was in the foster system and homeless before Steve and Tony adopted him."
"Don' leave."
"Is your metabolism enhanced on top of it, like Captain Rogers?"
"Improving by the day. Baby steps." Strange answered. "We'll see as time goes on."
"She's been in there a while." Vanessa said, crying against his shoulder. "St-Strange and another doctor are taking care of her."
She nodded.
Maggie started laughing and did trip off her roof. She flew back up to the ledge.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter lay flat on the gym floor, feigning tiredness. "Yeah, they're pretty cool."
"Whatever." Maggie chuckled. "I'll see you two later."
"No, my brain won't compute. I...kinda want to go to bed."
"Don't worry about it, trust me, it's safe. This way." Peter led her to the room he'd spent a lot of time recovering in. Helen was waiting, calm as ever.
"I have a boundary problem... I may have needed info once and they had it..."
Maggie looked at him. "You know, don't you? How long have you known?"
Maggie laughed and shook her head. She grabbed her phone and picked her jazz playlist, turned on shuffle, and got to dancing.
"Hey, kid. I'm okay. Little sore."
Vanessa took it and looked at the title of the video. 'Local NYC Heroes Have a Frenemy Dance off, and Reveal Their Identities.' "Oh no...they didn't."
"Sir is busy at the moment, Peter. How can I help you?"
"Stop humming."
"I've seen body parts regrown, I'm not squeamish." Maggie pulled off her mask. "Uh, may I use the bathroom? My hair's a mess. That asshole had absolutely no sense of fashion, and apparently had something against hair ties."
He slid closer to her and she felt pressure increase on her forearm as his face came into focus. "Hey, it's okay. Can you feel my hand?"
Recognition dawned on Tony's face, then he sighed.
He stepped into the mirror dimension so he could remain unseen and stood in the corner of the guest bedroom, the room that he quickly was seeing as Margaret's. He opened the eye and took a deep breath before rewinding time. He felt like an intruder. It felt wrong to be in her room while she slept. But she'd asked him to look. So he did.
Happy was stuck in traffic, he'd texted Peter to say he'd be late. There'd been an accident, apparently. Peter didn't mind. He liked having extra time with Ned. They hadn't gotten to go out much in a while. They were in the middle of yet another Star Wars debate outside of the theater when Peter's spidersense went off, stronger this time. He grabbed Ned's shoulder, tight.
Take care.
"Yup. Still, I don't like your odds." She spun her staff in her hands, casually. "One girl, five baddies. I feel like the odds are ever in my favor."
"Hello, Peter. It's getting late. You won't have much time for patrolling tonight, but where would you like to start?" Karen asked.
Strange sighed and looked up in the corner, where a camera recorded. "They could. They seem to have unfettered access to technology. I'd rather take her somewhere where that doesn't matter. I don't want them to find her again. They'll kill her."
"I'm currently running through the files to find the culprit." JARVIS informed them.
Strange tried to smile reassuringly. He'd need to grab a sling ring...he didn't want to leave her alone though. "You got to get up and come with me. I'll get you home safe, but you have to follow me, okay?"
Peter smiled. "Consider me warned." He nodded. He shifted down to his place, head down. "Karen, hit play, from the top." He called, knowing his phone would listen. Karen was quickly becoming his best girl.
"I know. Hell, I've seen him worse off before. I just hate it every time... I'm sure he doesn't like it all that much when I'm hurt either." Steve shook his head. Then he seemed to notice the discomfort in Peter. "You've got to be starving, Pete. What with dance and swinging over here. How about you go upstairs and get something to eat?"
"What the fuck, Strange? What the hell?" Christine hissed.
"Dad, she was right there. I...I saw her. She heard me shout her name. She turned and looked around. I SAW her. Dad. She was there. How was she there? She can't be there."
Peter's eyebrows pulled together for just a moment. "Yeah, cool. How are you feeling today?" Peter strode forward the last step and grabbed the handle for the drawer, pausing. Something was wrong. His spidersense was going off. There was no danger though. His spidersense was just...humming. Nothing was wrong. Something just wasn't RIGHT. He shook himself and pulled the drawer open, searching for the parts he needed to fix his prototype and to advance it.
"Papa, that won't help." It would only make it worse. Peter knew that.
"Rest, you need to rest."
Maggie's eyes watered a little bit. "Thanks."
Vanessa shrugged. "He wasn't there. He got away."
"It's just a room...an empty room now, but a room. And I promise the equipment will come back...more or less in the same condition it left in."
The door opened. Steve's head shot up and he looked at Dr. Cho.
"The bastard has been coming at me for years, Peter. He had me tortured. Now he's threatened my kid. I will not stand for that. Call me paranoid. Call me anxious. Call me overprotective, I don't care. You're my kid and I'm keeping that monster away from you."
"I'm not, Peter. That is what I am trying to tell you. Sir wanted you to have a whole AI to yourself."
"Awesome...and thanks."
Peter smelled the food truck from where he was. His stomach rumbled. It was a damn shame that it was moving, driving down the road, because he could really use something to eat. Maybe he should go home, end patrol early. That way he could eat.
"Flying colors, but I hate pop quizzes, they suck."
Take care.
"Okay. Make sure he eats, JARVIS. Peter isn't going to bed hungry here ever, got it?"
Cho laughed. "Alright." She started to wrap the support band around Tony's injured ribs again. "Oh, and I saw Peter the other day. He's doing well. Maintaining his weight. Much more of a chatterbox too."
Strange quickly left to get himself and equipment around.
"You will." Peter promised, nudging her side. He walked her up the stairs and held the door open for her.
"O...okay. Promise." Peter looked at Maggie.
After dinner, Maggie sat in her room and thought about the time on the rooftop. That weird feeling she'd felt. She didn't know what that meant. The way her stomach felt warm and tingly... Nothing had changed though. She danced with lots of people. Lots of people had touched her ribs and back, you supported people. Hell, she'd danced with Peter before. They'd fought together. They'd caught each other from falls before. Why now? Out of the blue. And what did it mean?
"I'm not stupid." Helen shook her head. "Don't worry, I'll go fix the 'super villain' and keep my mouth shut." She whispered. "He'll be fine." She walked into the OR.
Steve kept an eye on Peter as the doctor worked. He didn't know her. He didn't know if he could trust her. Steve tensed when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
"Good." Vanessa grinned. "Nothing wrong with that. I have a cuddle buddy too."
"But the score and choreography!"
Peter knew his dad and papa were real and he stuck to them.
"You son of a bitch." Tony hissed.
"Fair enough."
"It's like a mask." Maggie blinked shook her head and her focus came back to the room. "I was scared of him. I don't know why."
"I drink orange juice and I know things. I'm a gangster like that." She snorted and opened her eyes. "Needing a partner?"
"Well, we have some ideas to help with patrolling and such." Wade nodded. "Ness you wanna start?"
"Shoot me and you'll just draw more attention." She sounded like she had a smile in her voice.
"Yeah."
"It's...fine." Steve said with a light blush.
"Should I allow temporary visiting passes, Captain?" JARVIS asked, obviously defaulting to second-in-command, since Tony was unconscious.
"JARVIS?"
"That was me, Miss Wilson." JARVIS said. "I scan every person who enters the building so I can assess for any possible hidden weapons. I have your measurements."
Peter was pretty sure JARVIS had programs in them to help Peter whenever he got anxious, because if he ever started breathing too weird, he'd start talking to him, calming him down until someone human could get to him. "Thanks JARVIS."
"Yeah, yeah. Badges, kid." Happy smirked and ruffled his hair.
"You're welcome." He grinned, hoping she could tell under the mask. "Thanks for the backup, Reese."
"Got it." Peter laughed. "Hey, line's moving."
"I've had my hands inside Margaret's skull for four hours today." Saying it out loud made Strange feel sick.
Peter jolted and turned to the man next to him. "Um, yeah. Quentin, right?"
"Clara, never do get the hate she receives."
"Wow, that's awesome." Peter grinned and leaned forward, looking at the little drone. "Cool. The programming you guys have put into this is amazing. Hi, little guy." Peter pet the top of the drone.
"Yeah...you said I took a bullet for you?" Peter remember the body he'd seen, his body...
"She tried. The teacher took her phone. That's why I asked for your number so I could do it." Kate answered.
Maggie smiled. "This is yours. You've got this, just go out there and make them feel what you feel."
Peter:
"Steve?!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not that we could see." Vanessa whispered. "But...I worry."
Strange sighed heavily. The cape answered Peter's question though and flew to him.
Peter wasn't sure Deadpool was used to being scolded. But the Merc with a Mouth was stunningly silent as Strange read him the riot act. Even Peter felt scolded and the Doctor hadn't even raised his voice. It was low, urgent, and in charge. "Now, this isn't a fun thing. We don't make jokes about health. I put forty stitches in her, some of which were internal. We're not laughing about this. And when she goes back out there, we're making sure she's damn well ready. Got it?"
Maggie felt her hair get yanked and her head hit the wall before everything went dark.
"Hey, Peter." Cho said, looking at his IV bag. "Feeling okay?"
"Oh...yeah, sure." Maggie shrugged and closed her book.
"Yes, sir." Within a few seconds the air was filled with holograms. All different stats and videos of her work. "I've used facial recognition to ID her. Margaret Wilson, attends a creativity-focused school in Manhattan after attending Xaviar's School for Gifted Youngsters for a year, takes ballet lessons at Peter's dance studio, and volunteers at a food bank. Though her connection to her adopted father Wade Wilson (AKA Deadpool) is troubling, she doesn't have a single blemish on her record that I can find. She also seems to frequent an address on Bleecker Street with some regularity."
Strange's face fell when he saw all the other pictures. "All of them are different." He whispered. And even if any one of them were real, it wasn't a good enough look around for him to sling-ring himself there.
"I'm okay." Maggie said.
"Yes, sir."
"I antagonize you to keep this frenemy thing going." She poked his shoulder.
"I'll try." Happy snorted before hanging up.
"Hate to break it to you, but you won't be getting your 'assisting the elderly' badge from me. Wait." She grabbed her long, wavy pony tail and pulled her hair in front of her face. "Do you see grays that I can't? I'm too young for that bullshit."
"Then you should be getting some sleep."
Peter laughed. "You do have that going for you." He liked being around her. He actually felt like him. He didn't have to pretend anything. He could be all of him, all the good and the bad and the baggage that it included. There was nothing he had to bury or hide. Well, aside from the massive crush, but that was a give in.
Strange had never been so happy to hear Christine's voice in all his life. "I need your help."
"Code blue?"
"Alright. Got to see Maggie today. She's as mobile as I've seen her in weeks. Still a little stiff, but she's doing a lot better."
"Yeah. If you'd like to pass your class."
Maggie wished she didn't know. Because before the door closed, a horribly familiar man stepped into the room. True to the words of fish-bowl guy...he was on a leash.
"Kill me now." Maggie deadpanned, then took to the sky.
"AM I CLEAR? Do not engage, get people to safety and stay low or I will ground you for the rest of your life."
"Hello?"
Tony scoffed. "Let me get this straight... I give you a shiny new suit. And I give you a brand new, shiny, AI...and you name her after Plankton's computer wife?"
"I will!" She ran off.
Peter groaned. His head hurt. He tried to shake off the drowsiness and fog from his brain. His eyes opened. Something was...wrong. "May?" This couldn't be real. He had to still be dreaming.
It took her a moment, but she lifted her untangled hand. She frowned when it took her a couple tries to grab a piece, but he was glad to see that improvement in her dexterity. She took one and sighed in quiet relief. "W-Where is Wade and N-Ness?"
"Have you met her? Trouble finds her and will keep doing so. Do you know how many people would hurt her to have an ounce of her ability to manipulate time?"
"My pleasure."
"That story is so stupid, I don't know how anyone buys it." Maggie snorted.
Peter barely ducked under the blast that came next. It was a success. Stane was distracted. Hopefully it would buy his dad some time.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Spoilsport." Then his body jolted. "Shit, I need to buy send money to help cover the demolishing and reparing of the apartment complex across the way." Tony huffed. "JARVIS, try to find the list of tenants and make sure they have a place to stay until repairs are done. Also start a fund to help get some of their necessities replaced. I can't replace their memory things, but they will need beds and clothes and stuff."
"I'm not going back to school."
"Yeah. I just...didn't want it irritating your throat." Strange gently lifted it in his shaky hands, lowering it over her head tenderly. "Next time, I hope to know your missing as soon as possible."
"There's structure there. Walls firmly in place. He has rules and expectations and he pushes me. He scolds me when I don't do what I'm told. If he thinks I'm slacking off in school or practice he tells me to get my act together. He...doesn't tip-toe around it...around anything. Wade and Vanessa do, I think they worry about making anything worse." Maggie looked out over the city.
Peter paused for a moment, at the voice. It felt wrong.
"He did visit and have words to say about it." Tony agreed. "You dance really well."
Peter stepped out of the dressing room and walked to the exit. He saw Maggie getting hugged by a woman with dark hair as a man with burns made wild gestures. Maggie met his eyes and waved.
FEdad:
"You're okay." Strange leaned forward. "You're going to feel off for a bit. I know it's confusing, but you actually did really well with the tests. I know it doesn't feel that way, but you did good."
"It is ridiculous though. Maybe a super-therapist should exist. You know? I used to talk to Professor X. He was helpful. There has to be someone who wouldn't lock us up after some of the things we see." Maggie rubbed her bare hands together. "You know...back in the day, I'd probably get burned at the stake...or stoned if I told anyone what I could do."
Peter stared then checked her feet. "What the hell?"
"So's your life. It's my job to protect you." Tony frowned. "If you get hurt, that's all on me. You understand that, right?"
"I wanted to make sure she was okay."
Strange frowned. She was supposed to be resting. No worries. She needed the rest to heal and recover. If he told her the truth, that would be interrupted. How could he tell her that Peter was still missing? That Stark and Rogers had found nothing but a piece of paper? If he lied to her...well, that would be wrong, but she wouldn't rest if he told her the truth. What the hell was he supposed to tell her?
"You've taken an interest in her."
He'd need to test his suit soon. All he had to do was put the bait out there for Tony to chase.
"Is it online?" Tony stood up from the sofa.
Vanessa nodded and sniffled, lowering her hand. "It's okay, my girl. I'm right here. And I'll get Wade on his way...and we'll make sure you're safe."
"Margaret..."
"I wasn't going to ask to use the Time Stone like a 1 Up Mushroom, okay?" Maggie huffed and folded her gloved arms over her chest. It was a warmer day, so she wore a short sleeve shirt, but long gloves. He was always on her about training, about getting better. Sort of the same way her dad had gotten on her when they'd found out she was dyslexic. Not harsh, really just... tough love. "I think I need something a little more up your alley."
"You can, just takes focus, study, and practice. Sometimes years of it."
He unlocked Peter's phone and started to dig through it. Then the screen went black.
"I'll let him know." She promised. "And I'll let you know once everything is safe. The media isn't going to be fun. Pepper's handling the SI backlash, but...there are lots of questions about Peter. I don't know how you'll avoid that, Stark."
"Earth to Peter?" Ned called.
"Just the important things...and some meds. I'll make sure to chart what I take."
"That's an excuse, Margaret. There are tools to get around that, to get better. You don't try to get better though." Dr. Strange shook his head. "I knew a nurse, dyslexic as all hell, learned a new language just to write cute notes to her adopted son in his native language. You can balance both sides of yourself."
Vanessa turned and looked at Strange. That wasn't normal. She...wasn't crying. Why wasn't she crying? It was wrong. It felt so wrong.
The man's jaw tightened. "Yes. The jester king, if I may call him that."
Peter rolled his eyes and headed over to Maggie, who was slowly moving into a needle stretch. Her eyes were closed lightly.
He leaned forward, fish bowl extremely close. "Then it will hurt a lot. Because I don't NEED you in good shape. I happen to have a soft spot for Peter. He'll probably make it out okay if he's a good boy and behaves. But you? Anything is on the table. And well, if anyone's alerted somehow and shit goes south...I wipe you and your friend out. Simple. Clean." The bowl tilted to the side. "And when I say anything can happen. I mean it. I think you know exactly what I mean. We brought a little friend with us. I'd love for you to get reacquainted."
Maggie, her hair pulled up, free of glasses, wearing clothes that were hotrod red and deep blue walked onto the stage. Well, walk sounded entirely graceless. She was gliding, striding on her toes. Unlike the shadows in the backdrop. She didn't walk past the fallen Peter. She stopped and knelt down, extending her hand.
Peter struggled, but nothing budged. He cried, tears running down his face. There was no way out. Even if he got his arms and legs free, his chest was pinned down. A grim thought occurred to him. The bad guy could literally cut off whatever he liked without Peter having a chance to escape. The thought made Peter sob. He was already missing three fingers.
"Him? Nothing much. He's a good kid, bright, probably going to do amazing things. I don't want anything with him." Beck was telling the truth. He didn't want to hurt a single hair on the boy's head. The kid was funny and innocent, really he was. But, the way he looked up to Stark, the way he so quickly moved on from their fight, and the fact that the two had bonded...well Beck wasn't above using that connection to hurt Stark. Now Beck just needed to see how deep the connection went.
"We'll talk...as a team later. Right now, we need to get him secured." Steve said, keeping Obie close, cuffed.
"Miss Wilson?" A nurse approached her bed. "I'm Nurse Joy."
"One more poke then." He agreed. He glanced at his steady hands. Funny, how his hands were steady when he didn't feel entirely steady. He was glad to know his 'doctor mode' still worked, otherwise he'd probably be scolding her for her rashness or something else.
A drone. Invisible, hidden in the corner.
"Defeat the Elite Four first, then we'll talk about the helping the elderly."
"You don't have to." She shrugged. "Life is rough, it's the least we humans can do to help each other from time to time. I know what apathy does to people. I for one am not going to sit on my ass and do nothing when I can do something."
"Friend? He tried to HIT me. Don't know if you know this, but that friend of yours packs a mean punch. I learned that on YouTube. It was self-defense, and he's fine."
"Let him win? Honey, do you have any idea who you're talking to? He's NEVER gonna win. See you soon, honey."
Peter nodded. "Thank you."
Peter could hear something loud ahead of him. "I think I know where I'm going now." He kept swinging forward and caught sight of Maggie dropping onto a roof and rolling behind a railing. A huge cinderblock flew over her head.
"I was the same way, when I started with the mystic arts. I could do everything right, and nothing would happen."
"Take care of you." Maggie smiled. "That's the important thing."
Steve frowned and looked confused. "Polar Express. The one with the train. It's an animated one."
"Thanks, Hap."
"Seriously, though. You're amazing."
"Yup." Tony promised. He grabbed the pamphlet and flipped through it. It was a whole booklet, not unlike a playbill. There were pictures and descriptions of acts. Tony flipped through it until he got to a page with Peter's name on it.
"Mmhmn." Maggie saluted. Her phone went off. She answered it and quickly hung up. "Oh, Vanessa's here. I should go. She'll be wanting to make sure I'm okay. I bet she's already called Wade. That's gonna suck. He'll be fucking pissed that I got hurt." She stood and lifted her torn jacket. "Ugh...poor thing. I'll have to stitch it... Or ask Strange for help..." She sighed. "Thank you, for bringing me to a doctor...and for food. Actually, shit. How much do stiches cost?"
"I don't know how much we're dealing with. Vanessa, anything on the videos or pictures you'd like me to know about?" Strange asked.
"Vanessa, please. Sorry, I babble when I'm out of my element." She looked around and had a vague feeling that nothing in the room was safe to touch. "I'm here about Maggie."
"I will, bambi." Tony kissed him again. "We're going to make sure that when we go home, we're all safe when that happens. No more threats hidden in the dark."
"He's cheating! He's in the Matrix or something! He's one with the code."
"Na, too much fun."
"It really helped Anakin."
"What'd you say, Parker? Gonna talk some more about your fake family? You live out on the streets yet?"
"She's telling a joke, Dad." Peter soothed.
"Relax. Don't be scared. You won't fall."
Strange nodded. "Her limits are...self-imposed through an utter lack of confidence and too much trust in what people told her are her limits. Once she gets her mind clear... I don't doubt she could slow typhoons. Halt bullets with a look. She can shift the effects of time on people and objects. She can make a second for her be four, but imagine if she could move around for whole minutes between ticks of the second hand. Or hold a person or thing trapped within a second while the rest of the world moves. It's..."
Maggie turned her head. Then she dropped from her seat, grabbed her staff and extended it.
He hadn't felt like this in a long time, helpless, alone.
"What? No, you don't have to. I've learned to live with it. I just call people like the 'old days' and I don't read texts during certain times of the day, especially in the morning. I even go to school later in the day. It helps a lot. I've learned to work with it."
Steve sighed and nodded. "It's his choice who he trusts. He's been burned enough by people he should have trusted."
Strange sighed and covered her wound. "You don't know the level of low Wong can stoop to."
"What's that?" Wade asked.
Strange didn't know what that meant. "Hey, sweetie. This is Christine. She's a friend of mine and one of the best doctors you could ever hope for. You're safe with her. I have to go for a moment, but I'll be back."
"Throat hurt?"
With a deep breath, she dislocated her left thumb. Tears ran down her cheeks and she let out a whimper.
"It's your work number." Karen answered in an almost joking tone.
Wong gave her a conspiring smile. "Get over it, I was Born This Way."
"And yet you fight crime. Good career choice for the squeamish."
"Mmhm. So much." Maggie felt her eyes water. Even that hurt. Why did everything hurt so much? And she felt weak, her power was nearly gone.
"You don't have to explain. I get it. Trust me. I do." Peter nodded. "If you're happy, I'm happy. Has he taught you any of his awesome portal-ing stuff?"
"Of course, Peter." The doors opened and Peter quickly made his way to Steve.
Strange left her alone. She was in a new environment, he'd let her get comfortable in it as he made dinner. He hoped she didn't mind ramen. It, of course, wouldn't be totally authentic, he didn't have the time to make a proper broth, but it wouldn't be too shabby. He noticed very few pages turning as she read on the sofa and more than a few huffs. "What are you reading?"
"You could've trusted us. HE could have trusted us." Nat huffed.
Tony stepped a little closer. His heartbeat seemed a bit quick, was he in pain?
"Oh, shush, Roo." Tony ruffled his hair.
"Maybe her phone died." Wade frowned. Though, that wasn't like Maggie either.
"Come here, bud."
"Don't interrupt Miles with foul language." He said, picking up his needle. "You won't want to watch this, squeamish little thing."
Peter took a slip and headed for the practice room. Maggie was already there, quietly writing in a corner on a slip of paper. Peter sat in his own corner and looked at the blank piece of paper.
He needed to see where those kids were. If he could see it, he could go get them out. "Do you have any more pictures of these rooms that they're in?" Strange asked, trying to keep himself level-headed an calm. If he lost his head, he'd be useless to Maggie and Peter.
"Sh."
"It's seems I'm bound for that room. I keep seeing it." Maggie frowned. It just wouldn't stop. She kept seeing it in their practices. Like a huge neon DANGER sign that wouldn't stop flashing in her face. "Maybe the choices that put me there have already been made...but I don't know what those would be." Maggie let her shoulders droop. "I don't like that place."
"No one's going to touch you." Tony said. "Honey, back away from her."
"Margaret!" Dr. Strange said with wide eyes.
He'd have to figure out what it was. And get it out of her life.
Beck glared at him and spat blood at him.
Vanessa raised her hand. "No. Not because of her powers. Not out of pity. Not out of some need to 'do right'. No. Do you CARE about our girl?"
"Where's Papa?" Peter asked quietly.
"Alfredo and grilled chicken? It's fairly simple. We can even do some garlic toast and salad." Steve looked between the two.
"Yeah, thanks though."
"I didn't think that would be me. Or if it was I figured it'd be, you know, from a used lot with a bunch a dings in it." Peter shorted.
Strange turned his head. "Margaret...you're hurt. I need to see how badly."
"Sorry, is that on us? I know we keep distracting you with out little coding games." Quentin itched his head. "I'm sorry. We don't want to get you in trouble with Mr. Stark."
Peter looked down at his next upgrade and took a breath. He was going to have to fake this. Too bad lying had never been one of his strong suits. He'd just have to tell the truth, it wasn't like he had a full prototype done anyway. "Uh, pretty good. The projections I've got look good. Wanna see?"
Peter laughed. "Sounds fair. I'm gonna take off. See if Queens needs anything. See ya at dance next week?"
"But he's got seven PHDs and he gets all my chemistry puns."
"Hey, bud." Steve ruffled his hair. "How was patrol?"
Wade nodded and kissed her cheek. "Let's get her some food."
"Where?" Tony asked, standing up. He'd expected this. There was a suit, ready, waiting, just in case.
"Hell no, you think I'm Slughorn or something? I'm a two-bit sorceress, not a fucking wizard."
The struggle through the debris was real, she even felt like something ripped through her leg at one point, but she made it. A young boy was holding a baby tight. He looked scared, but adamant about protecting his sibling. The boy was crying though.
"Well that makes it even, then, doesn't it?" Clint huffed.
"Ready, sir."
"I can hold my own. You think I stop patrolling just because I use my super? Fuck no. Don't worry about me. We've got this."
Maggie sighed. "Dance, volunteer at the food bank, fight crime...play video games, spend time with NTW or my friends from school. Most of which I can't really do at the moment."
"Everything."
No. It had been a trick. The silence was just something they used against him, just like the recorded screams.
"Go, Ned."
"Non-linear thinking. I hear it's helpful sometimes."
"What is that?" Vanessa asked.
He glanced at her head. He couldn't see it well, but he didn't like that. Numbness, the distant gaze, the blood, the aversion to light and noise, and fading consciousness...shit. He turned to Vanessa. "Come with me."
"His name really is Strange...though it is oddly fitting. Wade said it's what Stan Lee and the guys call irony...but I don't know what he means by that." Maggie shrugged. "Itsy-Bitsy, why are you here?"
"'They'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.'"
"I started from the beginning again." He admitted. "Didn't want to finish it while you were asleep." He didn't want her to miss the story. "We'll finish it together, then maybe watch the movie."
Maggie pulled back first. "By the way, what kind of asshole squishes a sandwich down flat?" She pointed to the table.
Tony lay next to Peter on the bed. Strange didn't argue with it as long as they didn't interrupt the IVs. Steve looked over them. Peter had cried himself to sleep. Tony held onto Peter and Peter nuzzled his face against the arc reactor. Steve wished to crawl in next to them, but he remained in his seat. Angry. Not just at what had been done to his son, but at what had happened to Maggie.
"Look, I'll be careful, but there's like, no time left in school. I want to finish my classes, and dance is really important to me."
"Eh." She slowly lowered her leg. "Two weeks is more time than I usually get to learn stuff. I'm totally cool with helping. You shouldn't miss your first performance, you know? You two had room 142 for practices, right?"
Really the last piece of fluff for a bit. Shit's about to hit the fan...
"Yeah, no spider sense around her. She's safe." Peter nodded. It was nice to not be the only one with a danger sense. "It's kind of nice, to not be the only one."
"Yeah, it is."
"Well, up until today, the only way Stane could reliably power his suit for long periods of time was to either make his own mini arc-reactor or steal one of mine..."
"Who's eaten the last of my pop tarts?!" Thor sounded actually angry.
"Maggie?"
"Uh, it's hot. That's what's going on." Tony answered. "JARVIS has it."
"I'll come with you." Vanessa grabbed a jacket and followed him out.
"Of course, Peter." JARVIS promptly closed the doors.
"Of course, Spiderman. I assume you can vouch for the young woman with you." JARVIS said.
"Shit."
"How bad was it?"
Maggie looked down at his books. She couldn't really see the letters, but there was a picture. The monster in it was familiar. It was the same one that had attacked her when she was a child. That instance had awoken her mutation...or perhaps it had been the Ancient One who'd kick-started her mutation, because she'd used the Time Stone in her fight with the monster. "Is this your beast?"
Peter bit his lip. "Wow... That's a long way away."
"Yes, Peter. Would you like me to tell her you're coming?"
Strange snorted. "Right."
Strange had to agree there. "That one is good. I like Jack too."
"Huge dude with four metal arms. Crazy stuff. She called for help so I did."
"Well, you're getting better at it. Just didn't want to get you into any trouble if you've got a deadline. I've missed one of those before, not pleasant." He laughed.
"Are you a chicken?"
Beck turned the device over in his hands as he walked down the hall. Peter'd been distracted earlier, obviously excited about something. Perhaps a date? Beck didn't know what the kid got up to. All he knew is that he had the perfect opportunity. It wasn't the full project. It was only half put together. It was Peter's upgrade. The notes he kept on the computer weren't exactly up-to-date. But Beck had this. He could pull it apart, maybe see where Peter's brain was going with his little project. If he could see the start of it, Beck might be able to work on his own version of it. But, he only had the night to work on it. He'd have to put it back on Peter's desk before the boy came back for his internship the next day.
Peter hung up and took a steadying breath. There was one good thing from this realization. It hadn't been his Dad. He now understood why his Dad hadn't apologized for the argument they'd had. His Dad hadn't been the one to argue with him. His Dad hadn't ignored his sign. That was nice to know, comforting even. But now, Peter had to deal with this, whatever this was.
Peter woke slowly. He hurt everywhere. His shoulder seemed mostly healed though. God, he wanted food. He was so damn hungry. It seemed a familiar sensation though, being hungry in the steeple. So familiar and lonely that he felt at peace with it. It wasn't one of those illusions. This was real. He was hungry, hiding alone.
"Take control, don't let it control you." His mouth didn't move at all when he spoke.
"Go be a hero." Tony smiled.
Peter looked down at the ground.
He just wanted to go home.
"I'm not picky, but fruit doesn't go on pizza, unless it's tomatoes."
"I could always put together a report or something so you didn't have to come down here and strain yourself. I'm just saying, it'd be kinda stupid to reinjure yourself just to check on this stuff." Peter shrugged.
"I really hope not." Steve whispered, still gently rubbing Peter's ankles. A little pressure to help ground him. "He's so small...I hate... I hate all of this. I wish I could take his pain away."
"Pot pie for dinner."
"I say successful patrol."
"'I got here on my own. But I appreciate the company.'"
Peter nodded wordlessly.
"I'll get some on my way, okay?" Maggie didn't want to sit around. She was stressed. And she handled stress the best when she was moving around. Being active. If she sat still, the anxiety would overwhelm her.
"Yup."
The fish-bowl guy laughed. "That took me an embarrassingly long time to figure out. But once we realized you were Spiderman, it clicked. Enhanced senses. There was something you could sense that we couldn't. And then, I thought...hm...bet his heart sounds different. We had to get close enough to him to find out. Stane gave us that chance."
"I've never done quickstep. Could you teach me sometime?" Peter wondered.
"Damn shame." She shrugged and sat down gingerly.
Beck screamed when Steve broke one of his fingers.
"He'll be okay. If you got to leave and go fight, that's fine, but...when he wakes up he's going to want to see someone he knows well. They fucked with their minds real bad." Vanessa whispered, looking at Maggie's sleeping form.
"Steve, what the hell just happened?" Nat asked.
"It's okay. You nerds are all the same. Put something shiny in front of you and you forget you have to sleep." Happy said. "I'll take you home."
Peter was silent. "This is my silently judging you silence. This is when you spill."
"We're all going to die, but at least I'll be engaged when I die, that way I'm not totally alone in the world." Tony shrugged.
"Not for the whole weekend!" Maggie protested.
And, if you can figure out what Peter's missing when he's arguing with Tony, you get a golden star.
Peter looked up, meeting those blue eyes. That was the signal. Was he...? Real? "Papa?"
"Don't be a party pooper, J. Send me the details in the morning. I've got special alone time planned with my honey and dinner to have with my family."
Peter reached out for her, allowing her to choose to take his hand. She did and he shot a web upward. He swung them both up to the next building. "Okay, so I'm guessing your reach with that staff doesn't work great with this guy."
They could do nothing but wait.
What the hell was Maggie doing up at that time of night? In New York it had to be close to two in the morning. Why was she awake? She'd been using her powers a lot recently. He put out the fires and rushed to Wong. "Hey, can you guys hold the fort down?"
"That's alright. You're about half-way through. So I'll get you on one more round of pain meds. It should last you most the way to healing. As soon as the other two bozos wake up, you're all free to go."
"They are sexy though." Wade started. "Even you know that, Strange. You're cute yourself. Did you feel left out? Honey, I'm sorry, you're sexy too. Wanna play doctor?" Peter escaped before he heard anything else. When he got to their home. Tony was on the sofa talking on the phone.
"How are you so calm right now?"
"You look nervous or like someone stole your tie. If you unbutton one more, it'll look like you meant it, instead of you know, freaking out and yanking the tie off as fast as possible after panicking."
Well, for most parents there was nothing worse than the idea of losing their child or their child being in pain... That might punch it up. A couple screams...yeah. That could work. That meant he needed the kid before he could send this but...still. It'd probably be better that way.
"Got it."
"Yeah, kiddo. We've got you. Breathe."
There was a sound and all the red danger lights vanished. The sound of Dr. Strange's breath was gone too. Maggie opened her eyes. He wasn't sitting across from her. Whatever weird dimension he shifted them into so she couldn't sense danger anymore, he'd not come with her this time. She sighed and closed her eyes. He wasn't going to leave her there. She'd sense danger on herself if he was going to.
"Why didn't you call me?" Peter asked with wide eyes.
"You have the worst injuries of the lot. You first. Peter just needs pain meds and rest, and we all know he's not going to sit still if you aren't doing well."
"Should I call for backup, Peter?" Karen asked.
"I KNOW what a nightmare feels like. THAT wasn't a nightmare. He was HERE in the room with me. I could hear him walk. I woke up because I sensed I was in danger...and he was standing at the end of the bed. He was SMILING at me. He spoke to me. That was his voice." Maggie looked up. Tears raced down her red face. Horror was etched in every inch of her.
Strange froze. How long had they been watching them? What...what was safe to talk about then? What could he say to prove who he was?
Slowly getting better. Just saying.
"Alright. No big things." Peter nodded. Except the fact he'd apparently been shot in an alternate timeline. "Found out a friend is a superhero. So...weird."
He bumped it and watched as she and Vanessa walked out.
Peter's watch came free next, a note tied to it.
"Sorry."
"I've called the police, Peter. Gunmen are a little above your parent's parameters."
Maggie looked over at Wade and Vanessa.
"I'm fifteen, that isn't the point. Look, I don't know what to do. This hasn't happened. Wade and Vanessa think I need a babysitter or something just because I got hurt. I don't want to disrupt his life. I can handle myself. I can take meds and eat and...you know, not kill myself over a weekend." Though...she had to admit, lifting pans didn't feel very good. Cooking had become more difficult with stitches. Actually, lifting much of anything pulled on the ones in her arm and side. And standing didn't feel great much either. But she didn't NEED a babysitter.
"Oh! And you're totally invited, by the way. It's not going to be a big deal, just close friends and family. I know it doesn't really count, but you can be like, my best man or something."
"Hey, I'm just calling it how I see it, loser." Tony smiled. "You gonna ask her out?"
"So quick to heal. Good, very good. Don't want you to bleed out."
A phone rang. The girl reached a gloved hand into her backpack and pulled out her phone. He couldn't see a contact picture, but the name started with Doctor. "Hey, what's up? Oh damn. I'm sorry. I didn't notice it slipped out. Thanks... Yes, I ate. Did the...THING go okay? Good... Yeah, glad I could help with something. Have a good day. Tell Wong it's How I Roll. Aw, you're no fun. 'Bye." The girl put her phone back in her bag. "Sorry, Peter, so, this weekend?"
Beyond that, Peter could hear them finishing up with his dad. "He's almost done." He told Steve.
Then Peter's eyes widened as the hair on his arms stood up.
Tony waved his hand again and turned back to his work.
"You've told me this. At least I've heard it before anyway."
He hadn't spoken to Maggie in weeks, unless you counted the occasional text.
"Hey, kid."
Maggie shivered.
"Hey, you did amazing." Maggie promised. "It was perfect. Our best run yet. Those happy tears or sad tears?"
"You've been to Stark Tower?"
"Oof." Maggie let out a sad breath. "Zam'oni of death."
"Silencer, dumb bitch. On your knees, or die."
Was it just Peter or was the elevator ride a bit longer than normal? A slight tingle filled the back of his neck, but he shrugged as the elevator slowed. "Thanks, J. Talk to you later?"
"Maybe practice in front of mirrors. You'll be able to see your posture better. It's just a little off."  Peter spoke like nothing at all was weird.
"It's Manhattan." Maggie realized.
Peter's face grew wetter. "Dad's here?"
"It wasn't either of you?" Maggie asked and looked down at it. There was no danger emanating off of it, so she shrugged it off. "Oh, weird." She shrugged and went to the kitchen. Her foot was warm, so she got a bowl, then went to the couch. She sat on the edge of it and pulled her feet up. Wade smiled and put his arm around the back of the sofa behind her.
This dance was perfect ballet and in perfect synchronization. There was genuine joy on their faces as they twirled together, taking turns lifting and supporting each other, before the music began to die down.
"I walked into that one, didn't I?" Peter laughed. "Talk to you later?"
"You're not going anywhere, are you, kid?"
"Stay low to the ground, Roo."
"No. And shut up!" Nat huffed.
"That's what we're here for."
"Glad to hear your voice, Pete. You okay?" Tony asked.
"Pepper's gonna kill me...only if Obie doesn't get me first though."
"You're welcome, kid. Water's in the usual spot if you want some."
Maggie blinked her eyes open again. "You...went out and stopped it?"
"Checking the progress on the coding for the prosthetics." The hand that wasn't in the sling went to typing away. "What are you doing, kid?"
Tony's eyebrows pulled together. "You talking blood banks or cosmetics, because one is handled and one I have no clue where to even start-"
(See the end of the chapter for
Music played. Peter put in a few different songs. He, of course, had access to the playlist both his parents wanted for the wedding. So he was teaching his Papa different dances for them. He loved his lab time and video games with Tony. But painting and dancing were his and Steve's things, well...and running, but that was only when they were either in 'uniform' or out of town. He liked teaching Steve to dance. He seemed to actually like it, even if he was...weirdly clumsy for someone so active. Peter liked learning painting, though he was...not great at it for someone with such dexterity. It was cool, sharing these things.
"I get that..." Maggie looked sad. "In my own way...not like you though. I'm sorry."
She felt Vanessa's soft hand wrap around hers. She was safe. And Strange would be able to help the other's. Maybe then no one would have to worry about the horrible holographs. She squeezed Vanessa's hand and felt Strange's hand leave hers.
-You can't protect him. You've already failed at that.-
"Thanks." Peter nodded.
May's bones snapped.
.--. .- .--. .-
"I have a doctor who can help him...you're going to have to let him go..."
"'Kay." She said, taking his word for it. He was the doctor after all. She felt weight shift on her. There was red across her legs. "Ca'-y?"
"They hurting today, kid?" Happy asked as he got into the driver's seat.
"Hey, Peter." A kind woman said. "Dr. Cho says these meds are specially for you. Her words. May I see your arm? This will help with the pain."
"I do work for Black Widow. Made her a stealth suit she could hide under clothes for missions where she had to keep a low profile. She'd looked like a girl-next-door in a cute sweater and jeans. She'd been armed to the teeth and nearly bulletproof. Had to learn quite a bit about design for that." Tony said, taking the rest of the clothes from the mannequin to hand them over to her. "Wasn't sure about the gloves. Hope they fit."
"Huh?" Vanessa asked.
"Why wouldn't it be?" Peter laughed before heading to the living room and sitting next to Steve. Without a word, Steve wrapped an arm around him and pulled him against his side. That was nice. Peter relaxed and closed his eyes.
"And dance?" Tony asked. "And when you're out with your friends or in the labs downstairs? No. Lockdown. He's not going to have ANY access to you."
"Hey." Steve greeted gently.
"I've never slowed something that big before. Something to be said about adrenaline, huh?" Her face pinched in pain and she cupped her head, as if overtaken by dizziness.
Wait for the seven o'clock news.
Maggie glanced at the girl next to her. Maggie lifted a pencil and gently wrote it out.
"Alright, I'll be back. Boys, save me a little food. Peter, keep an eye on Tony, he's a tricky one."
"Steve! Look at this!" Tony shouted.
Vanessa slid closer, took her hand and kissed the back of it. "Sweetie, you're okay. You're safe."
"About how bad it was. He just seems...I dunno. Weird sometimes. L-like..." She took a breath. "I think, maybe it was worse than he says. He seems worried, and he doesn't strike me as the type to worry about these things. Sometimes it's like he's stunned to see me doing certain things. I don't know mmm-" She breathed deep through her nose again. "Maybe I'm making it u-up."
"They hit your head badly... You kept yourself safe with your powers which made our job really simple. It's really good." He soothed, but she could tell he'd been worried about it. His eyes were red. How bad had it been that a neurosurgeon had red eyes? "You're on some pretty big pain killers, Margaret. It's going to make you feel off."
"Because you chose Margaret. That is the name you picked."
"Wilson really isn't a good influence." He sighed and she could tell he was smiling behind his mask. His gray-blue eyes were slightly squinted.
"Everything." Peter responded. "I don't know, just all the food."
"Tony Stark is connecting." Karen warned.
A stab of pain filled Maggie's head. She bowed her head forward and rubbed her temple. When she opened her eyes she was somewhere else. A courtyard of some kind. She groaned and winced. There were people everywhere, working on magic of some kind. A firm hand landed on her upper arm, covered in scars. "Strange?"
Maggie shook her head. She was going to throw up. She didn't want to, but she didn't think she could take a step without throwing up. She couldn't open her mouth to tell him either, that would be really bad.
Maggie didn't know what to do with that. "Okay."
Maggie stood up and stepped down from the edge of the building onto the roof. "Okay." She kicked off her boots and stretched a little. "The adage is difficult for me. The faster the tempo, the easier it is...but this slow stuff..."
Did I mention I don't like writing action? Sorry if this isn't perfect. Lots of different perspectives throughout. Also a reference to a show. Over 5,000 words of action and I hated every second. God my brain hurts. Hope it's okay.
"Yeah, but she's really good. Last year for my spring performance, my partner moved and she learned the dance in like three days to perform with me. It's a little weird...with the gloves. So the grip is a bit weird, but she's really cool to work with. She introduced you here too, so you know her right?"
Peter nodded.
"Dude, no, it's great." Peter promised. Her presents, like Ned's were great and down to Earth, unlike his parent's...which had been a bit overwhelming. He loved them, but it was really weird. He hadn't had really had a big birthday last year. The year before that he'd been homeless. And before that birthdays had been small things with his aunt, uncle, and usually Ned. He wasn't use to big, crazy things. Quieter, small things felt more normal. "I'd never played a Witcher game before. It's awesome."
"I love you." Peter said, squeezing them bother tighter.
Maggie's hands came up from under the blanket and took his hands, examining them, checking to see that the scars were real. "Mmhm." She decided after determining he was real.
"We're not gonna worry about that."
Tony frowned. "I could fix that. You're suit isn't exactly a smart suit like Peter's, but I could maybe make you a new mask. It could fit over your ears. Let you easily talk to people. Heck, even do text to speech. Super easy."
"Come on, man! You have to get over that. There are better fights."
Peter nodded.
"Stop climbing up water spouts, then." She laughed brightly.
"You're welcome." Christine nodded. "The hard part's done...got to get her through the woods now."
"Anything I can get for you?"
"Maggie's not picking up. She doesn't usually spend this long at the food bank."
As if on cue, Strange was hovering over her. "Hey, Margaret. I'm right here. We're going to need you to rest for a while. Can you do that?"
Nat grimaced. "That's gotta suck."
"Okay..." Peter nodded, but didn't know what to do with it. He...he did want to ask her out. He didn't want to break anything though or make it awkward but...Maggie was pretty cool, maybe it wouldn't be awkward. "I'm tired. It's been so much lately."
Steve sighed. "I'm not. But we can't stop him, he'd find a way to sneak out, trust me, I was just as stubborn at his age, if not more so. If we hold onto him too tight, he'll get himself hurt. But at least we have some ability to help him now." He frowned and pulled Tony closer. "You wrapped him up in a suit, and I know just how much protection and help you poured into it. Nat and I have been training him. He's back to full strength and well, he's got his rules."
"She talks in her sleep when she has visions. I heard it a couple times. The first time she told me what she was getting for Christmas after she fell asleep on the couch." Vanessa said. "What did she just see?"
"She was tortured, had her head bashed in, was in surgery for hours, and is on heavy meds. Normal doesn't factor, Ness." Wade commented.
"The boy's being moved up to Tony's personal lab next week." Quentin said as he sat across from Obadiah. "It seems Stark has an idea about what you're trying to accomplish."
"See, I just wanted my kiddo. I can leave now." Vanessa grinned. "You okay?"
"Well, mostly Stark to suffer." The man in the fish bowl gently picked up a small saw, running a finger down the edge. "We were watching him...trying to determine the best way to hurt him. You see...the thing about Stark, is you put him in a pressure cooker and he comes out stronger. I mean, Obie sent him to get tortured and killed and the man came out a vigilante with a super-powered suit." He sighed. "Physical harm doesn't quite do it for Stark. He has very few people he genuinely cares for and loves, but he loves fiercely. I mean, once you're in, the guy just won't let go. Thus the chair. We thought...maybe torture and kill Rogers, so we had this setup to drive Stark crazy with the image..."
Peter felt his spidersense go off, but he wasn't able to get away from the hit to his stomach.
"Class misses you too." Peter said. "Oh! Hey, you might want to visit the tower sometime. My dad and I are coming up with an idea for a suit for you."
Peter froze. Then he shook his head. "No. That's...that's not right. I was on floor sixteen. I was. I know it." But did he? It had taken him two interactions to realize that Not-Tony wasn't Tony. But he'd been on floor sixteen a lot, before Obie had found out about his project. "Has JARVIS been hacked?"
"But it's stupid."
Peter sat up and stretched with a smile. "Hey! You feeling alright?"
"I did tell you once before that I don't claim sanity." Strange sighed. "I don't think there's enough therapy for what I've been through and seen." He shook his head. "I'm alright. I think, if I were to tell a therapist that I've died a million times, I might get committed...possibly lobotomized."
"Do you want me to bring you something?" Peter asked.
"Ned's set to stay with us." Peter said. "Um, we're going to be a little late, so don't freak out. I'm gonna want some food." Peter muttered.
Instead of listening to his dad's bones get set. He listened to Maggie and Dr. Strange. He knew Maggie trusted him, but Peter wanted to make sure she was safe. He'd seen her, the way she'd been curled up across from him. She wasn't doing well. Perhaps her exhaustion from the fight and her adrenaline dumping at the same time. She didn't have the benefit of a suit of armor like his dad and she didn't have super healing or super strength like him. She was like Nat and Clint, but without all the training to protect her. She'd gotten the roughest beating of all of them and she'd managed like a freaking champ, but she was scared. Afraid.
Peter stuck himself to the ceiling and held on, but...something was wrong. Once he realized half of his left hand wasn't sticking, let alone THERE he shrieked and fell.
From one camera to the next, she vanished. Tony frowned. "This was the coffee shop?" Tony said. It was closed, had been for a week for renovations. "There's nothing in the owner's record. Nat's going to investigate though." Tony rubbed his head.
Green light whirled around both of Maggie's wrists. Green symbols of light. On one wrist they slowly turned. On the other, the symbols whirled quickly.
"Sh, hey, it's okay." He soothed. He brushed a shaky hand across he cheek to get rid of the tear there.
Footsteps appeared, the chair across from her groaned, and she could hear quiet breathing. "What was that about?"
"Done, sir."
"Behave or it's your fingers I take the hammer to next." He glared at her, hammer in hand. "I'll take out the trash. Don't want you getting any ideas of fixing it."
"They don't know I live here." Peter said with a shake of his head. "I think they'd use that if they knew. And I don't feel unsafe here. I don't even feel unsafe in the lab. I mean, I feel...off, but the spidersense doesn't go off like 'danger' it goes off like 'something's weird.' Though when Mr. Stane was around I did get danger vibes. But in the lab I don't feel completely unsafe, more uncomfortable than anything. I don't think they're watching the house."
She grit her teeth and tried to hold herself together. "My name is Margaret."
"We're NOT encouraging drug use. Prescription or otherwise." Strange's voice was a low command. "Nope. She's barely fifteen, we're not doing this, got it?"
Tony smiled at her. "What's your favorite food, miss?"
Wade seemed to sense her mood shift and his face fell. "Maggie, if someone is trying to hurt you, you protect yourself, you hear me? There is nothing wrong or evil about that. I kill bad guys for money, that's fucked up. You defended yourself, there's nothing wrong with that, alright?"
Tony closed his eyes and hid against Steve's chest for one more moment before he nodded and pulled away. "Okay." He turned and picked up Peter's phone. Maybe he could find some sort of hint on it. Maybe Karen had picked up audio, maybe noticed that he was under duress. Something.
Also, I mentioned Sam as best man. Winter Soldier and Civil War don't exist in this universe, so let's just pretend they met on some other random Shield thing. Okay? Okay. I should be sleeping right now, can't you tell? My words have gone sideways.
Maggie stood up and held out a hand. "May I?"
"That's some pretty advanced math, kid."
"Agreed. Probable intracranial hematoma... We're going to need imaging...and...shit. This is going to be a rough one."
After warm-ups the instructor gave out slips of paper. "After you practice today, fill out these forms with what you want written in the program about your chosen performances. Keep it simple. I don't want paragraphs. A few sentences at most. Turn them in before you leave or you won't have anything more than a generic mention. Get to practicing."
"Think you got it all out?" He kept his voice as quiet as possible.
He couldn't claim that. That was Maggie's choice. It felt pleasant to hear though. "She's not my-"
"It seemed like you were really upset."
"Wake-y, wake-y, Magnolia."
"Hello, Stark."
"I'm pretty sure that's a prediction. Like a weather forecast." Maggie snorted.
"Good." Wade nodded.
Peter pulled Ned quickly into the ally and gave him a nudge toward the door before turning around to wait for an attack.
"You passed them. Right?"
When Peter ate, he couldn't help but glance at Maggie, who was still asleep. He wasn't sure he'd seen her move at all. He could hear her breathing...but...was she okay?
It had been two months. Most of summer vacation was gone. Peter was slowly getting used to his three new prosthetics. They didn't stick to anything, so he'd had to retrain himself, with Nat's help, on how to land without that added security. They were metal, black with red knuckles. Tony had designed flesh covers that actually made it look like he had his whole hand. Peter didn't like them though, it left him disoriented. He'd wear them in public, but when he wasn't outside or if he was in his suit he flat out refused to wear them. He didn't know why, but they bothered him. They felt faker than the metal, which actually felt pretty real, not quite his, but real enough.
Peter paused. Was Beck dead? Had his papa killed him? Why didn't Peter feel...bad? Why was part of him relieved? "Is he...?"
"You're outnumbered, sir." JARVIS commented. "And not just in this room."
Wong sighed. "She didn't. You saved her."
"Nothing." Then Wong proceeded to hum Toxic.
This wasn't a man. It...was a ghost. It didn't seem to be tangible. But it looked like him. Sounded like him. It wasn't flesh and blood though. Had she managed to project a past image? Was that even possible? He glanced at her tensed form where she was. No. There was no green light in the room. Maggie didn't do this. So who or what had?
Her lips pressed into a hard line. Dozens of emotions flickered across her face. "Shit. Fucking Tony. 'My heart's bad' my ass." She pressed her comms back on. "Clint. Change of plan. Take out the silver suit. I just got new information."
"That samba lesson was awesome. Every time we get one of those spotlight lessons I find more types of dances I want to learn." Peter sighed. "It's so much fun."
Strange felt the shift in Maggie's body, the way she was cringing. He shifted them both to the bathroom in a blink. Maggie must have realized that because she collapsed immediately. He barely got her hair out of her face before she threw up. His chest ached for her. He rubbed her back gently with his free hand. "It's okay, get it out, sweetie." This wasn't good. They'd let her have a headache for far too long. She was very good about knowing when these headaches were coming. But once they got this bad...she wouldn't be able to take her medicine without throwing it right back up. He already didn't like her school, at all.
"No! He was the bad guy." Peter protested, looking at her.
He turned it over and gently removed the tape. He put a piece of gauze over the injection site. He pulled the needle from her skin.
"Yeah. A little tired, but I'm good." Tony smiled. "Isn't it a school night for you, punk?"
Peter shook his head, the vision vanished. Then he webbed up the last two. "My head hurts."
"Come here, underoos." It took a moment, but Peter settled into the hospital bed on his right side, where he hadn't been injured. Tony tucked him under his arm and pulled him closer. "I'm alright, promise."
"Sanskrit." Dr. Strange answered.
"Strange, you need to sleep."
"I think of it as an undercover mission." Bruce said with a shrug. He, of all of them, seemed the most calm about it. Steve appreciated it.
"Okay."  Peter breathed. He walked forward and wrapped an arm around each of them. "You're real. You're really real."
"I'm gonna help too!" Wade shouted, joining them. "And by help, I mean, I hope they wore their red clothes."
"You do fine, as it is. Don't overthink it. Treat me like a person."
"Sir, I ran the calculations. His suit can hold its own against yours for an extended period of time, sir. This fight may be a long one if you don't get the upper hand."
"Because, you made me worry, so now I'm going to get payback."
"Just...come this way." Peter walked Ned slowly through the crowd. He felt the danger follow. He pressed a button on his watch. "Karen, tell Happy something's up. Make sure he knows our location. We're moving." He whispered.
"Yeah." Nat nodded. "I'll make sure to check on you three later."
The Iron Man armor vanished, turning invisible.
"Hey...are you okay?"
She looked at Peter then nodded. "Um, I'm not fancy. Know any good burger places around here? I'm from Brooklyn, I go to school near here, but I'm not too familiar with the area."
"You didn't know what you were facing. Barely awake and she still had the forethought. All I could think about was her." Strange shook his head.
"Okay." Maggie sighed dejectedly. She missed dance and helping keep Brooklyn safe and helping out in Queens and working at the food bank and even sparring with Wade or Strange. Well, she shouldn't have been stabbed if she wanted to keep doing her normal things.
Peter pulled them closer. Their family was officially whole. And, despite everyone's best efforts, nothing had managed to tear it apart.
Maggie blinked at him. "An A-. Wait, did you just say gym was your worst class? How in the hell is that true?"
"Cooperation." The fish-bowl guy said. He waved his hand. And someone seemed to appear out of thin air and dragged something...no...someone to him.
"Pretty sure I did." Clint said.
"Fair enough. You did call me Reese's Puff on that humid day when my hair got all...fluffy." Maggie laughed. "Frenemies it is." She did a rendition of one-two-step so well that Peter could practically hear the music playing.
"Well, start with the easy thing, the style is ballet and freeform." Maggie nodded. "The song is Ashes. Now. What does the dance mean to you?"
"Can I find a way to convince you?" Steve asked.
"Okay, so what kind of fights do you think we'll have in this one?" Ned asked, excitedly.
Hawkeye had loosed an arrow at Iron Man's prone form.
Take care.
She saluted him and ran to the end of the building, jumping off it.
"Look, why don't you just go work instead of bothering me?"
"Sorry, running some checks." Dr. Strange's voice said. "Didn't mean to wake you. My fault."
Peter laughed and left the Sanctum. He needed to find a good alleyway to hide in, get changed for patrol. He walked a couple blocks. And waited at a crosswalk. There was...something off. He'd seen something weird. Where? He lifted his gaze and looked around. Walking down the sidewalk on the other side of the road was a familiar woman.
"Of course. Don't rip your stitches or you'll be grounded for much longer, doctor's orders."
As Maggie told a story with her dance. She had a black skirt, top, and gloves on, hell, she looked like she was going to the 9 to 5, almost dressed like a waitress, one who was forced into all black. The only color on her was gold, glittery eyeshadow, a small rebellion in her otherwise drab 'work clothes'. It was amusing to watch her dance, sometimes it was like someone was pulling her strings, moving her like a puppet or doll. But as the song progressed she became less ridged, more rebellious. There was spunk and personality in her every move. And, in the last chorus, with a casual brush of her hand over her shoulder, the black, drab outfit transformed into a blue and gold, glittery dress that proved that she wasn't just what her 9 to 5 made her.
"He won't go anywhere associated with the visions we showed him. Not to the Tower or school or dance or his Aunt and Uncle's. He'd seek sanctuary outside of the nightmares we gave him."
Peter swung through Queens towards Manhattan. It wasn't a dance day, so he didn't have to stop in Brooklyn.
"Yeah, it is. I know you don't like sitting still. Thought you might like to hear a story to occupy you."
"Uh...yeah, actually, probably would."
Maggie's eye's widened. She sped herself up and bowed backwards, out of the way of the golden whip that lashed at her. It flew over her by three inches. She flipped gracefully to her feet, safely away from the doctor's grasp. "Gotta say, the cape does not look good with the sweatpants. No offense Cape-y, you look great as always."
Maggie took a deep breath. "Yeah. I wanna hear i'."
"Mad? No, I'm just worried. Are you okay?"
"Thank you." Maggie didn't know a lot of her fellow juniors. Most of her friends were seniors now. Normally it'd be Thomas or Abby who helped her out of tough situations like that. She appreciated Kate.
"An anime. I have quirky likes, okay?"
"Sh, breathe first. Breathe."
"Okay." Maggie grabbed Hamlet and slowly followed Strange. She sat on the sofa. "You sure I can't help with food?"
That was her. That was his aunt May. The high-waisted black pants. Her favorite green blouse. Her glasses. That...that was his aunt.
She pulled the jacket from the mannequin and pulled it on. She froze. It fit perfectly. Tailored. Even having extra space on the arm she wore her watch on. It allowed her full range of motion...everything. It was...weird. "How do you know my measurements?"
"Of course."
"Still pretending that people give a damn about you, Penis?" Flash called as he walked back from the drinking fountain.
There was a scream.
"Oh, okay. Yeah, sure. I mean, it's a Saturday, right?" That was normal and typical Saturday thing for them. So she wouldn't be bothering him. "Sure."
"You know this book is banned across a lot of the world?" It was one of the few things she remembered.
"Oh my God!" A nurse flinched at the nurse's station. Either because of his sudden appearance, or by the look of the teenager in his arms...either way, he didn't have time to explain.
Maggie's eyes darted away.
"You have to get far too close to the enemy to be effective. You need another means of attack. Something that works over a distance. Otherwise, you'll have to rely far too much on your abilities to get close to someone."
Peter dropped into an alley way and pulled off his webshooters. He frowned and glanced around. He felt strange, like he was being watched. But there was nothing there. He pulled down his hood and ruffled his hair. He sent a text to his dad and papa to let him know he was safe. Then started out of the alley way.
"Mm-hm." Maggie sighed and walked up the stairs toward Stephen.
"No, I'm not. It's a freakin' mess. I'm a mess. I mean, one of the most popular girls at my school asked me out. She never once looked at me before. Flash is double the asshole he used to be. Everyone just feels so different."
"But you'll go now." She grinned.
"Hello, Peter."
Peter explained the first time he'd seen not-Tony. The argument they'd had. "It really pissed me off...and I told not-you I was at a six and not-you ignored it. It really made me feel...bad, so I went patrolling."
Peter jumped at the sharp sound from the pantry.
What was that about?
"Take it slow, stay safe. If you need help, call us. We're here. It doesn't matter where we are or what we're doing. You call if you need help and there is no shame in needing a hand, got it?" Steve asked, his voice very 'Captain America.'
"I know you don't like this place, kid. How about you head on up to bed, get some rest. I'm okay, promise." Tony smiled and reached out, ruffling his hair again. "Thanks for sticking with me, kid."
"Fuck it." Peter huffed. He hit the man in the back of the head, just hard enough. The metal arms dropped, limp, but the man didn't fall.
"Okay." Peter agreed. It made sense.
"About what?" Peter asked.
"Gotcha."
A weak giggle left her.
"Mr. Stane was talking to Tracy when I walked in. He must be looking for a power source of some kind. Because Tracy wouldn't shut up about me. She started talking about the power source I'm working on. He seemed interested."
"He's right." Wade nodded. "If his goal is to hurt Mr. Stark, here...then he needs to hurt Peter. They had his suit, they know Peter's strong, they say they've been watching. They know he can kick ass...so they needed to give him a reason not to fight. Maggie is their leverage against him... Peter is their leverage against Tony." Wade nodded. "They can't kill Maggie or Peter will fight. They can't kill Peter until they feel they've made Tony suffer enough. The only problem...is we don't know how much these people are willing to escalate..."
"Yeah...come back quick, Dad."
Things were fine. Except they weren't... Tony couldn't put his hand on it, but he knew that somehow all of this was going to go very, very badly. He was in a room, full of board members. They were discussing his latest projects, his 'madness', his insane plans to move SI from guns to tech. Apparently, his success with the limited capacity they'd given him was enough to show he wasn't as insane as they'd imagined. He knew they'd never give him outright control back, because they knew he'd fire them if he had the chance, but they didn't want to waste the potential money his ideas might earn them either.
Almost all fluff. Lots of Deadpool 2 references that I had fun with. If you've seen it, you might even laugh a bit. I don't know how to write dancing things, but I've seen some really cool dances in my time. I did some combining of styles, but whatever. Anyways, hope you like it. I'm going to go collapse and try not to let my anxiety drown me. My brain is just super hyperactive at the moment. Kinda hard to focus, actually.
"Hmm? Probably. Christine's running tests. Had to remove bits of skull from her brain, drain the blood and, oh, yes put her skull together like a puzzle, but...yeah, she'll probably be fine." The tears welled up in his eyes again. "She's jumbled, but doesn't seem completely out of it, but we'll find out."
The man walked into Mr. Stane's office. "Mr. Stane, I'm a bit surprised you called me up here. What can I do for you?"
"We got this, kiddo." Wade saluted. "After you, Wizard of Waverly Place."
"Shut up, man." Peter rolled his eyes and flopped against his headboard. "I am not a red-head, first of all, and secondly, I don't sing."
"I don' feel great."
Steve snorted. "I think I could talk him into more."
Maggie's head throbbed. Something felt wrong. It took her a moment to wade through the daze. Her gloves were gone. And her watch wasn't on her wrist.
Peter sighed in relief. He knew that voice. He crawled over the hole and looked down. "Hey, Pastor Aaron."
"Why?" Maggie asked, pulling her bag on her shoulders.
"Do you cook a lot?" Strange asked, not knowing what else to do, but talk to her like a normal person, because she was a person, even if a small young one.
Maybe.
Peter sighed and finished his read-through. "Yeah, it's fine. I mean, I think you can clear up this section here. I think the complexity might lead to bugs further down the line. Tracy says simplicity is elegant, this part seems to be focusing on too much at once. It'd be like an off switch, you know? This one part bugs out then the whole system would be fried."
"Okay."
"Where are Peter and Steve?"
Peter looked down at his phone. It was late. And he had one missed call from Maggie. It was probably too late to get back with her. He'd send her a text so she knew it went well. "Yeah, you're right, I should go. See ya later, Beck. Your team did awesome."
Family... Peter wondered what he'd call them. He'd never really called anyone Dad or Papa, it was easy, intuitive to use those names for Tony and Steve. But Happy, Pepper, Rhodey, Nat, Bruce, Clint, and Thor? They felt like aunts and uncles. But, Peter couldn't bring himself to call them that. It hurt. It felt almost like betrayal to May and Ben. He really needed some way to express how he felt about them, without those words.
"Let's get her to a bed, NOW." Christine agreed without any hesitation.
"All sounds too good to be true, right?" Tony nodded. "Well, believe me when I say this kid can give me a run for my money." He patted Peter's shoulder, then lowered his hand. "If you need proof. Every electronic in this building has been run by Mr. Parker's tech since midnight. The venue is going to be very happy about the non-existent electric bill. Now, let's go see some more projects."
But...there was so much to see. So many things to explore. And, while trying to mentally traverse space in a singular moment of time, she noticed other pockets of time. Other red signs of danger that called to her, asked her to pay attention, to look, to protect, to help. Time was so fluid and interconnected, touching in random spots. Her mind began to drift without her permission.
She cried and leaned into his touch. She didn't know if she felt more or less broken now. She'd just always assumed she couldn't feel these things, couldn't feel what normal people felt. She thought she'd been broken even before her step-father had... Because he'd called her broken for not feeling the right way. Was it better or worse that she could feel something like that? She didn't know. "Dad...?"
"Because I left you." Peter hissed, tears instantly falling down his face. He turned away, unable to look at her.
"That will be the drugs talking. Look at you getting all recreational. Just don't make it a habit, okay?" Wade teased.
.--. .- .--. .-
"That's dedication." Considering she knew Dr. West was on vacation and he NEVER came in on vacation. Was this what the girl had meant? Asking what was real and what wasn't? He looked like Dr. West, sounded like Dr. West. But by all odds, couldn't be. "I just checked with the nurses. Rounds went well...considering. Everyone is...as calm as an ER can get. Oh, I shouldn't have said calm." Calm wasn't a word you said in healthcare unless you wanted shit to hit the fan shortly after. "Shit, I probably jinxed it."
"I know. I should know that. Wade killed him. I shouldn't freak out, but I still do. I'm a mess."
Steve laughed. "Yeah, bud. It is."
'In loving memory of Richard, Mary, Ben, and May Parker. For my found family, who showed me that family doesn't end or even begin in blood, but in unconditional love.'
His spidersense went off. He swung his hands and felt some sort of metal crush under him. He opened his eyes and looked down. A drone? Crushed in his hands. How hadn't he seen it before? He slammed his eyes shut again. With his eyes closed, he could sense more things coming. Had they been invisible that whole time? Illusions to make him question reality...to torture him? He ran and crawled up the wall. With his eyes closed, he could better focus away from the illusions. There was a window there. He shattered the glass and found bars on the other side. He heard gunshots and felt one hit his shoulder as he bent the bars and dropped. He didn't have his webshooters. He'd have to run.
Wong gapped for a moment, then took a breath. "What happened to her?"
That...was going to be a problem. This Dr. Strange guy was a bit of an unknown. But Beck had this feeling that he was not someone he wanted to mess with. That meant he'd have to be careful about WHEN he set his plans into motion. Or...maybe he just had to make a small adjustment or two...
He had a couple tests to run though, before he took the kids. He needed a little more data. Just a bit to make sure he was ready for everything.
"Hey, um this is Maggie. I keep doing this. But anything weird come up today? I've been getting some weird vibes, again. I don't know why though. Just a weird day training today. Anyway, if you think of anything, let me know. And I hope your presentation goes well. I gotta go, apparently we're going to be doing something reading-wise. Bleh. I guess I'll see you whenever I'm allowed to do things again. Bye."
Peter's eyes watered a little bit. He really had found himself a wonderful family. "I love you, Dad."
Dr. Strange turned and narrowed his eyes slightly, then sighed and nodded. "She's a good kid. You should go be with your family."
Maggie was awake, looking at him blearily. "I know this s'ory...I think." A frown filled her face. Then tears filled her eyes. "I can' 'member."
"...Yes."
"An asshole."
Wade rushed into the hospital and instantly pulled Vanessa into a hug. "Is she okay?"
"It's not real." His voice came back. She didn't know how. She couldn't see him, but she felt him there. "Focus, bring yourself back here."
"You could have saved me. And you DIDN'T." She moved toward him, bones shifting in sickening ways. "You could have saved Ben. You DIDN'T."
Maggie gently shook her head. She felt a bit dizzy.
This one kicked off a little faster than anticipated. Sorry all. Lots of stuff that's going to happen here.
"You in pain?" Strange asked.
"Thanks."
The person didn't answer, but seemed able to hear, given his silence. He was waiting to someone else to speak.
"Ugh."
And...there we go. Woot Woot.
"Sure...nothing too big. Then we can babysit him, once their done in there, huh?" Steve smiled slightly.
"I think my Telephone is ringing." Wong retorted.
Peter shrugged. "We've both had bad weeks, I think."
"Then you're in for a treat. Don't forget the Prince of Denmark." Strange pointed to the play.
Wong gave Strange a knowing look.
"Hun, I don't think seltzer and lemon are going to fix that mess."
Strange rolled his eyes. "No, he looks like...someone I fought with."
"Sorta." Peter shrugged.
"Dude, if I were gay, I'd be all over you. You look great, man. No one would be ashamed of you."
"Hey, cutie." Vanessa grinned.
"Um, sure. I'm not great at coding. Chemistry is more my thing and biology, but I would probably be able to tell if there was a flaw or something."
"No, no, no, no." She shook her head. "They were watching us. They'd KNOW that. Something only WE know."
"Maybe I am. You just lost this whole thing. Nope. No more chances."
"Don't worry about it." She shrugged. "Any weird shit going on today?"
"Wh-what? No. I'm not too tired. Psh." Tony said, kneading the dough with a little more energy. "Totally not a workout. I'm so not tired."
"I agree. I've been doing this a long time and I can barely pick my top five favorites." Maggie shrugged.
"Because you were screaming about the damn pop tarts and he's the one who's eating them."
"I could, but then how would I annoy you by NOT training? Wong is obviously slacking. He said he was going to play Friday every time you walked into a room."
Dr. Strange wasn't sure that was a typical teenaged girl's point of view, but he went along with it. "Alright. This way, living quarters are this way."
Strange snorted. "This way." He started leading her through the hallways and into a large room.
"Metal-armed freak." Maggie hissed.
"What's left to say? These prayers ain't working anymore. Every word shot down in flames." He seemed to be getting a little more steady as if learning to dance, to live on his own. "What's left to do, with these broken pieces on the floor? I'm losing my voice, calling on you."
"Mr. Floaty acknowledge it or no?" Wade asked.
"Oh my God...she's just a friend."
"It's gonna be fun. Most of the family will be there. Though...Zio Thor and Zio Bruce won't be. And I think Clint is going somewhere else. But it'll be a big thing. Don't know what I'm going to get everyone. That bit's stressful."
I'm the world's worst uploader...sorry.
"I didn't tell you?" Tony wondered. "They're...confused as to if I'm as mentally unstable as they initially thought. Turns out once I started making money for the company hand-over-fist without touching their precious weapon division, they didn't think I was so crazy after all."
"Peter's not wrong. I'd agree with him. Hiding him runs the risk of painting a bigger target on his back. Letting him live normally is more appropriate at this time."
"You can always check, okay?" He assured her. "Now, if anything overwhelms you we can stop talking, I don't want you scared or worried, okay? But I do want to try to get on the same page, sound fair?"
Though, lately, he'd only had a room with Tony. Steve had left their little hidden dimension and gone back to hunt down Beck and any of the others that remained. He wanted to make home safe so everyone could go be themselves again. Peter missed Steve. He wanted to just stay with the two of them, cuddled up.
"Anything I can do?"
"Not bad, ." Nat grinned, standing upright.
He felt a little lighter.
"Subtle." Maggie snarked.
He heard Nat sprinting toward him, but he saw Steve coming too. Shit, he hadn't gone for his shield, he was sticking with his teammate.
"M' legs and arms feel tingly."
"Got it." Peter pulled his backpack on and made his way to the tower as quickly as he could, which was easy. The dance school he went to was closer to the tower than school was. He knocked on the window to the apartment and JARVIS opened it, after (Peter assumed) talking to Karen. He made it inside and dropped from the ceiling, looking around. The room was empty. "Papa?" He pulled his mask off. "Hey, you home?"
"I agree. We'll have a talk with him about it, but...maybe this is just one of those little rebellions. He's been through a lot, we can cut him some slack...and he followed the other rules, even if he broke curfew. JARVIS said he didn't take on anything too big, at least he was safe." Tony rubbed his face.
Peter and Steve didn't move, instead, they both watched, waited. Peter had his flexibility and stickiness...he could lift more too, but that didn't matter much in this fight. Steve though, he was experienced. He would already have plans for any attack Peter might do.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
"With me." Vanessa said, walking her toward her bedroom. "Give us a moment, boys."
"Don't think I could sleep at your place." Maggie shivered. "Sorry, it's just...your dad, Captain Rogers he... I don't think I could be in on the same floor as him for long. I'm sure he's nice, he just..."
All this had been built up inside, buried in his chest. He hadn't been able to release it. He couldn't show fear or worry in front of Maggie. She was hurt. Injuries healed best with rest and without stress. He didn't want her to be afraid. He couldn't be afraid in front of her.
But Peter burst into laughter. How ironic was that?
"I'll just uh...go." Peter took off. God in heaven, Dr. Strange was a scary dude. Peter had no idea how Maggie could stand living with that guy. Peter didn't even know the half of what he was capable of. It was fucking scary.
"That's fine, she's cool."
"Dr. West?" Christine asked, picking up her paperwork. "What are you doing in?"
"'Bout five hours."
Strange let out a heavy sigh.
Maggie opened her eyes and braced herself.
She got on the subway and put in her headphones. She put her dance playlist on shuffle. It was nice, lovely. When she got to her stop she half danced up the stairs and onto the street. She tried to ignore the danger vibes, but then she caught a glimpse of red on herself. She yanked out her headphones and looked around. There was nothing. The red around her faded. She frowned and kept walking, her eyes darting around for any more signs of danger. The door to a coffee shop opened.
Strange opened the portal at the correct time. He didn't bother going through it. He didn't want to push Maggie. She could arrive when she was ready. It didn't take long. The girl strode (limped) out from the portal moments later. A small bag was on her shoulder. It was...less than he expected. It was her school bag, but it wasn't full. She was wearing loose yoga pants and a black zip-up hoodie that was more than likely Wade's. Short gray gloves on her hands. Her hair was curly and left down in soft waves. He wasn't sure he'd seen her hair down before. How did she manage to curl it with the state of her shoulder and side? He worried at the state of her stitches. She'd tell him if she tore one, right?
"I hear it's called helicopter parenting."
"We're definitely on Then Edge of Glory now."
"He'd call me a delinquent." She laughed wetly. "He'd threaten to send me to Juvie."
"Sure." She closed her eyes. This wasn't easy. Sometimes nothing happened. Sometimes she felt like time was pulling her along for some wild ride, and sometimes she almost felt...in control, if she could call it that. Something wasn't right this time. There were red lights behind her eyelids, all different shades and sizes. She tried to ignore them. Usually she could. She had to to keep herself sane to fall asleep. But today they were particularly annoying.
"Un-woosh him, now. He probably just thought I was in trouble. He doesn't know you."
"Well, no one's coming through that door."
"Memory loss is normal. Don't try too hard. It's okay. Don't panic. Some things will be blurry. Don't try to force it into focus. It's okay." He gently kept rubbing her cheek. He felt her turn her head slightly toward his hand, so he put a little more pressure in the touch so she could feel his scars, in case she was trying to make sure he was real.
"More pokes and burning. Try to stay still." He warned her again, then went to work. It was weird, seeing his own hands so steady. He could have gone back to this. Could have gone back to saving lives with scalpels and sutures. It was nice to have this again. He wouldn't trade away the mystic arts, though. He could do so much more good there. But if he could take the moment tp patch up Maggie so she was comfortable and safe, he would.
"Alright, Mags, let's start small, huh? Pudding?"
"And that's what makes it heroic. You'd do it for anyone. I've seen news articles of you saving the bad guys before. That takes someone special." She looked down at her watch. "I gotta go. I'll be in trouble if I'm late. See ya around."
Dr. Strange shook his head and let out a low laugh. "I accept your reality."
"I stand corrected." JARVIS answered.
"How did you know?"
"What are you hungry for?" Steve asked, looking between Tony and Peter.
Peter nodded.
Vanessa left, crying as she went.
The monster was dead. Yet...something stood in her room. Something that...suspiciously vanished before Strange entered the room in response to her screams. In fact, he didn't want to hear the screaming again, but he watched anyway. It spoke to her, but the second she screamed, the monster vanished. Faded from existence like a ghost.
Maggie could smell the blood on her hands. See a brick laying on the floor. Something was falling out of the dead man's pocket. He wasn't breathing, wasn't moving. She'd killed him. She MURDERED him.
"No worries." The man said then held out a trembling hand. "Dr. Strange."
"Grounded?" Peter laughed. "How did YOU get grounded?" He couldn't imagine Wade grounding her. And Vanessa didn't seem to be the type either.
"Okay." Maggie's voice was unlike her, soft, weak.
"Hm...why don't you teach her?"
"You work fast."
"Happy." Peter promised. "Do you think they liked it? Do you think they understand?"
"To be fair, your daughter is known as a special case."
"Hand hurts." Peter squinted through his tears at the doctor.
"Thank you so much, Peter. That was...wow." Tony breathed, kissing his cheek. "Amazing, Peter."
Strange followed her into the kitchen and dried what she'd washed. "Want to try to get through one more scene?"
"And if I fight?"
Maggie looked down at her food and let out a sigh. He didn't sound like her step father at all or even look very much like him. He had the same hair color, but that's where the similarities stopped. She'd just been too panicked to realize it. "You struggle with history?"
"I don't like it when people get hurt."
"Anyways, I'm here to help you. I've got some clothes here, but we don't want you falling down and hurting your head or pulling stitches, okay?" The nurse closed the bed off again with the curtain. "We'll get you cleaned up and in some loose clothes so you they don't irritate your skin. Then your doctor's going to come back and get some of those fluids you need back in ya, okay?"
"Of course we did. We're all on the same team." Tony said.
"I can stand on my own, walk too, even been doing dance stretches. You'd know that if you t-talked to me." She said, folding her arms over her chest.
"Hands too shaky. Could you...?" Strange looked at Wong and frowned. The man's smirk was ridiculous. "Could you thread this for me, asshole?"
"Sure, kid." Not-Tony deserved a fucking Oscar.
"Exactly." Steve said. "Nothing."
"What?" Peter's heart dropped. "No. She's okay, right?"
"He's missing fingers. He needs treatment, antibiotics, painkillers. Can't have him on a battlefield and running him to the tower...." Strange sighed. "You know what? No. Bye-bye." He waved.
Peter felt a bit of relief as he plated some food.
"Fine." Peter trusted Lizzy though. He liked dancing with her. He'd never danced with Maggie, even though he could tell she was good...he just hadn't built that trust. As a person he trusted her. She was the only person in the dance studio who knew he'd been homeless. She knew he was adopted by Tony and Steve and no one knew that. She kept her mouth shut. But dancing trust was different.
"It's okay." Peter promised. "Everyone deals with stuff." They made to the first floor in peaceful silence. They walked across the lobby.
Tony frowned and wrapped his arm around Peter's shoulders. "Are you feeling alright?"
"I have a headache." The visions usually gave her awful headaches now.
"Mmhm." Peter nodded and walked with her down the sidewalk, keeping a small space between them. "So, what dance are you working on for the Summer Showcase?"
"Hey, Itsy-Bitsy." Maggie landed next to him and sat at the edge of the building, holding out a platter. "Gyro platter?"
Maggie winced and looked up. "He's stalking me?"
"I don't think so...not without hurting him, he's locked up tight, Tony." Steve looked down at it. At the blood on the floor, the three missing fingers... There was something on the leg of the chair. "Tony...it's got some sort of lock on it."
Peter jumped back off the stairs. "Sorry, sir. Just uh..."
Ned leaned back. "Okay, how long away is this thing?"
It was amazing to watch her see Harry Potter for the first time. Her eyes were wide as she stared at the screen. Her lips slightly parted.
Tony sighed. "Okay, what can we try next?"
There was something on her side table. Something new.
Peter froze.
"I'm going to start with the leg. It looks like the most dirty. I'd rather get that cleaned quickly." He told her. He put a gown down, along with clothes. "I'll be back. Get changed into the gown and shorts. You can leave your underthings on. I just need to be able to get to the cuts. And once I'm done, I've found a pair of loose scrubs with your name on them."
It was a happy image, the idea of taking that glowing energy out of Tony's dead body. A better image was taking it out of Tony's very much alive body, seeing the horror on Tony's face. It'd be what the Stark deserved, after all the pain he'd put Stane through.
Tony felt like he was losing his mind.
"Oh...my God." Peter whispered. "Uh. Hi." JARVIS was his best boy, always...but holy shit he had his own AI.
"The complexity of going from a goofball to a lonely, angry, wounded god, was just brilliant. How can you not like 10?"
Peter paused, a little taken aback. There was some actual aggression in Tony's tone. He'd never heard that from his Dad before, not directed at him. His neck tingled. "I'm just saying, as a teenager who's had detention, the Captain America lectures suck." He tried to make a joke, to difuse the tension. Maybe Tony'd just had a bad day...the man was under a lot of stress and had just had someone try to kill him. "I can't imagine he'd be happy with you working when you have broken bones. You should rest and heal up. It's not like you're a super soldier, you know?" Peter was worried. He didn't like the idea of Tony working with broken bones. Sure, he understood why Tony'd work, Peter worked beyond the times he should have before, but still. Steve really WOULD be pissed off if he found out Tony was working. Not that Steve was any better. Peter was quickly learning that Steve broke lots of rules. Those who don't do teach, right?
That WASN'T his Dad.
"I have a normal metabolism. I'm not enhanced, just a mutant." She shrugged and sat in her place, closer to Peter, further from Tony. She looked down at her watch before she began to eat.
"And cannibalism. Who knew THAT would be entertaining?" Strange sighed and stretched. "Want to read some tonight or no?"
"But this dance is really important to you."
"Better than your Papa." Happy snorted, then looked at Ned. "Hey, kiddo. Need a ride home?"
Nat chuckled. "I'll let him know you said that. He'll be flattered." Nat looked around. "Rest up, everyone. We'll finish cleaning up this mess."
"Yeah." He smiled. "I was just a bit worried. The other day was a little...tense."
"Yeah, not falling for that. Mario's been trying to save that princess for decades. She'll always be another castle. I'm starting to think she's intentionally getting captured to avoid Mario. I'm just going to let it be."
Maggie looked around, taking in any signs of danger and making mental note to avoid the dangerous objects. She didn't have to be told what was and wasn't safe to touch. The machine rolled away from her and she saw red danger lights. The bot knocked a bottle off a table. "No!" She held out her hand and the bottle slowed to a near stop, green light swirling around it. She walked forward and put her hands under it before letting time resume. It was heavy when it hit her hands. Then she gently put it back on the table as the bot made a sad sound.
Then he saw the floating wizard guy move his hands. Green light filled the air. The fires went out, the buildings put themselves together. Everything shifted back to normal.
"I can walk you out?" Peter asked.
"Focus can help with that."
Tracy frowned. "Brain blast?"
"From you? Just...cooperation." He shrugged.
"Scared."
"I'm totally respectable." Wade protested, feigning hurt, but he knew it was true. Maggie was a good kid...there were some things that a Anti-Hero Merc couldn't give a good kid. "But...she needs someone stable in her life. A trustable male influence, not someone who's...well, me. If he hurts her in any way I'll kill him though." There were still pieces of Maggie's step-father that no one could find. And Wade didn't care what line Strange crossed. Could be as simple as making her a food she didn't like, he'd beat the shit out of the magical doctor.
"Good. You should only feel pressure." He said. "I'm going to clean it up a bit, then get it sutured, okay? If you feel any sharpness at all, stop me. And make sure you keep pressure on your side with that arm."
"It's tea. You need to relax, not to get riled up."
"I imagine so." Maggie looked over his shoulder and wrinkled her nose. "What is that?"
"Language, darlin'. Alright. Remember the ground rules." Steve said seriously, waiting until Peter made eye contact first, before continuing. "Nothing too dangerous. That means stay away from knives, guns, Iron Man, and collapsing buildings if at all possible."
Maggie turned and saw Iron Man collide with the ground, hard. The silver suit above him was still flying, ready to attack.
Dr. Strange looked up at her and blinked, then snorted. "Never thought of that way..."
It was too many people and she was too tired and weak. She passed out promptly after only giving him five real-time seconds of a head start.
"Hey." Steve walked in, carrying a steaming mug.
"Not today. He's got training with the Avengers. It'll just be me and Dad."
Dr. Strange was nearly out of his room by then. Who could get into the Sanctum? Why...why were the screams coming from Margaret's room? He was terrified of what he'd find. Golden light formed into weapons in his his hands as he forced the door open.
Peter stood and walked to the gaping hole his body'd just created.
"Darlin'." Steve gave him a look.
"Yeah. It's raining."
Tony ran his right hand through his hair and huffed. "This is...not ideal."
Quentin laughed. "Has to be one hell of a battery to impress Stark. Trust me, I've tried. The man's not easily impressed." He sighed. "So, how'd I do?"
"Alright." Peter nodded. He opened his arms, then froze.
"Clint." Bruce said in a warning tone.
The alert was loud. Steve frowned down at his phone. An Assemble call. It had gone out to himself, Clint, Thor, and Bruce. Nat had sent it. Steve turned to find the nearest TV.
Maggie went to the crater and knelt next to the red and gold armor. "Hey? You okay?"
"Yup. Waiting on you guys." Clint walked into the building across the street. He mentally thanked Nat for letting him borrow her holographic mask. He had a more distinct look than Nat. She could more easily change up her look. He wasn't as easy to blend in. He climbed the stairs, carrying his his bag that had his bow in it with him.
"Who's that? A sub?" Ned wonder, tilting his head.
Wong looked up from his book, headphones firmly in his ears. He waved idly at her.
Steve glared at Tony.
"You're awful."
She covered her mouth as if trying not to throw up, but walked forward and held up the box for the camera.
"Wong? I thought your name was Beyonc or Gaga?" Vanessa pointed out.
"I'm going to kill everyone in this room."
Maggie frowned, pulled her hand from the wound and looked at the coating of blood on it. "Normally, I'd just go home, but...I guess it's more than a scratch."
"You're safe with us, you know that, right?" Steve asked.
They'd be the only ones to know to find him there. It'd be safe there. It had to be.
DUM-E rolled around happily.
Quentin looked at the schematics of Peter's internship project, finding the upgrades he'd made along the way. Then he looked at the newest version Peter'd had. He put gloves on and pulled it apart slowly, piece by piece. There was a discrepancy, between Peter's original plans and the new model. "Hm. Exactly how close are you to Tony Stark, kid?"
"That way you can get back to her quicker." Wong said. "I'll look after everything here so you can stay with her."
Slowly, Peter wrapped his arms around her. They held onto each other for a few moments.
Maggie looked down. The archer was following her. "Yeah...cool. You too." Close quarters might help her against the archer. She needed to stay low, hidden. A small target. "I'm going to have to be quiet."
He leaned back. "This was your dad's right?" He held the watch in front of her face. "Mm." He put it on the cement floor. Then pulled a hammer free and smashed the watch.
"Peter first." Tony protested, waving her off.
"You're in no position to go out there right now."
It didn't work. No one laughed.
"I will. I'm kinda nervous about it, it's not easy to do mental training. But it'll help, so I'm going to do it. Maybe be able to slow bigger things. Or, I don't know. We'll see huh?"
"So...I noticed your backpack is a little...bigger than normal."
"See ya." Peter hung up and headed to class. It was nice to hear from her...even if it wasn't exactly an upbeat conversation.
"You were bleeding for a long time. Really out of it too, wouldn't let anyone near you." Vanessa sighed. "So it's probably a good thing we called Stephen."
Peter laughed wholeheartedly. "Well, that sucks. I have notoriously bad luck."
"Hey, dad." Peter said after swallowing a mouthful of food. "Think there's some lasagna in there. It's really good."
"What?" The woman asked. She swung her staff and knocked out two men. "Just ignore it for now, I'll explain later."
Peter smiled when he saw Happy on the stairs. Peter pulled from Flash's grip easily and skipped down the stairs with Ned.
"It is. It's getting better though." Strange promised.
Her danger sense told her she didn't have the time.
Maggie swallowed hard. "It...it felt easy. I don't like how easy it was. It was like I wasn't even in control, I just did it."
"Oh, I'm at a friend's house. You remember Peter, right, you met him at the performance?"
"Hey, Peter, long time no talk. You screening my calls?"
"Hit him a few times for both of us." Clint agreed. "Don't make it quick." He stage whispered to Wade.
Peter looked down and began to write. "Since...since you feel this too, do you want your birth parent's mentioned?"
"I believe your aunt dying."
"Oh, come on, you know you want it filmed. It's our kid's first performance. And this way, we can both live in the moment." Tony leaned in and kissed Steve's cheek as he put his phone away.
Maggie nodded and picked up her two other bags. It wasn't unlike heading to Professor X's academy like she'd done years before. "I'm gonna be fine."
"Yes." Peter answered simply. He didn't have the feeling like he was in danger, everything just felt wrong. So wrong. And THAT man standing at the desk, even if he looked exactly like his dad, WASN'T his dad, it wasn't.
"Mostly mine, mostly Pepper's. It's good." Tony kissed his forehead. "You did good yesterday, kid. I'm so glad you aren't hurt."
"It's still murder. Don't try to call it something else. I can see it, in your eyes. You know it's murder."
That didn't sound good. Peter was suck to the ceiling, upside-down, shaking, terrified. He'd become too used to it, too used to Tony and Steve letting him eat whatever he wanted. He should have thought twice. He shouldn't have taken food without asking. He couldn't breathe, he felt tears in his eyes. Not everyone was like Steve and Tony, were they? No. Peter knew the hard way that some people were the opposite of Steve and Tony.
Steve curled a little closer. "I think you could use a nap."
"Darlin'." Steve interjected, raising an eyebrow. "Enough. Let him be. If he wants to tell her or not, that's his choice."
"Shit!" Peter jolted back and then shook his head. "You scared the hell out of me."
"Oh yeah, totally cool...for now...while I'm in shock."
"Aced that test in APUSH. I owe Papa one for that. Where's he at?"
Wong held up the necklace. "It almost looks pretty."
"I know another truth, Peter."
"I had a nightmare last night. Felt like one of those really intense real ones I get sometimes... Just wanted to make sure you were alright." Maggie said, her voice sounded sleepy and a little hoarse as if she'd just woken and called him first thing.
The next day at class, Peter stretched, like he was supposed to, but while it felt nice, he didn't really need it, not like the other's did. He was super flexible now. They were starting with barre, which wasn't Peter's favorite. But he was going to get to work on the routine with his partner Isabelle soon. Except... He looked around the small classroom as warm-ups began, but Isabelle wasn't around.
"I sometimes add different spices and vegetables to the packaged stuff." Maggie took a spoonful. "This is good."
She stood and stretched. "We got time for one more run through. Get your head in the game, Parker. Let's get it right this time. If you smack into me one more time, I'll step on your toes in retribution."
Maggie slowly lowered herself again. "Brain injuries can change senses of balance. I felt centered, I didn't realize I wasn't."
When he woke up, it was to Clint leaving the medbay without a single limp in his stride, like a badass. Peter turned and smiled. His Papa was pressed against his Dad's uninjured side. They were all close together, safe. Across the room, Maggie was asleep, her cheeks had a light pink hue to them, no longer pale and sickly. Wade and Vanessa were asleep, upright, in the chairs on her left, holding onto each other and her hand together.
"They're the same size again and you look like you can see the room." Vanessa said, lightly teasing...but with some seriousness there.
"Remember the curfew?" Tony asked.
"Leave?"
"Why haven't you asked him about his power source? I need it."
"Where do you plan on taking her, Strange? A transfer would take time and...paperwork. We don't even really have her paperwork to begin with. If cameras are a problem...they'll could just follow her to the next hospital or unit."
"Never call it quiet. We'll be fucked if you call it quiet."
"I feel like I should call you Annie." Ned joked.
"Hey, Penis. You must be getting pretty comfortable. When do you think you'll be on the streets again?"
"You and me both." Peter nodded. "We should go, see what it is. Got your clothes to change into?"
"Nice parlor trick, asshole." Wade jumped down. "Captain Fine-Ass?"
"Fine." Vanessa finished for him. "It's as good as we got. This one's stubborn. Knew that from day one."
"And cut." Quentin said as soon as one of his techs reported that Peter'd left the building in distress. "Not bad for a first run. Matt, you killed it on the Stark impression. Great job being an asshole. And Mindy, very believable Tracy. Nailed it."
"Okay. Stick with me."
-No way to call for help.-
"Yeah." Maggie nodded. "I kinda want a change from New York for a bit." She couldn't SEE danger lines, but she always felt like she was being watched still. She knew it was paranoia, but she'd really like to not feel that for a while. Even if it was a short time. Plus, sometimes she felt like she was losing her mind. She once walked through a door finding herself stepping into a completely different time in place. It had taken her five minutes to realize she was in a vision and hadn't just stepped through a portal. "My head had been really spazzy too. I have to fix that."
"What necklace?" Wade asked.
"Yeah."
"That she is. She's a cutie too. Did you see how Peter looked at her? That was adorable." Tony grinned.
"They're helping him now. He'll be fine." Peter promised.
"It's dangerous! We're almost a hundred stories up!"
"Yup."
Christine too leaned back with a shaky breath. "She's stable... I don't understand. The head wound and the amount of trauma...it doesn't make sense. They weren't...right. She should have had more trauma given the wound."
Maggie watched as the nurse debated with him, only to catch a glimpse of a vaguely familiar woman.
"I didn't let them. I was scared." Maggie protested, grabbing the cuff of his sleeve so he wouldn't go after the nurses or doctors.
"You got it. I'll meet you both upstairs. We'll do a rain check on lab time."
"Look, cutie, I'm just here for my little girl, what will it take to get by you."
"If someone's trying to find you or your alter ego, that's a give away. You shouldn't leave evidence so close to usual haunts."
That...wasn't what she expected. No wonder she'd felt the vibe to wear it that day. She wished her powers would have warned her better, but they at least made sure she took a way out with her. "In'er-dimensional lo'ation services?"
"Wade." Vanessa nudged him.
"Not really. I'm tired. Things like this happen when I'm tired more than when I'm not. I just heard the wood creek...that's all it took, the rest was just a bad association. I'll be okay."
Peter nodded into his shoulder. "I just...needed some space."
Peter frowned at the building. "Sure she's in there?"
"Yes. Just a moment, Peter."
"Well, I honestly think it's not enough."
"I don't know."
Steve, Nat, and Clint looked around the alley together. Clint knelt down on the right side of the alley and looked at the ground. "Someone was here."
The door opened.
Steve grinned. "Explain in normal speak?"
"Well that's what you did. Sheesh." She straightened up and looked around. Without a word, she sat down in the armchair. "So he's the artist formally known as Wong, right?"
Wong nodded.
Peter knew it had little to do with Maggie needing help up and more to do with proving reality. He stood up with her.
"Well, something that will take stabs a bit better. We've got this cool idea for a new fabric... Anyways, we want your input on it so it's exactly how you want it."
"I don't doubt that." He just didn't think she was pushed to her true potential. "Come on, food." He ladled out a bowl of ramen for her and put it on the end of the bar.
"Yes." Strange almost looked insulted at the question. "Of c-"
"A week."
"Underoos, what the hell are you doing here?"
Tony lifted the phone and looked down at it. There was video of a person in a...mask if it could be called that. "Who are you?"
Wade nodded and picked up his phone.
"I'm...okay." He shrugged. "It's difficult to feel normal there. You and Lizzy treat me normal but... I don't know. I don't like feeling like people want to use me, you know?"
"Possibly." Dr. Strange folded his arms, the green glow fading as he stopped using the time stone.
"What?" Peter asked. Then he ducked under a punch. He webbed up the attacker and paused when he saw a flash of blood on the floor. The blood was pouring out of his own body on the floor. "What is that?"
"No, that's just old-school." Peter said. "Do you know this one?" Gangnam Style was a classic, of course.
The redeeming quality of this chapter is Wong being the best bro. Also, Dr. Dad for the win. He's becoming such a dad and I'm proud of him.
"I should have protected her in the first place."
"I've got you, I've got you." Steve hugged him awkwardly in the chair, kissing his neck. "We're...gonna find a way to get you out of this." Steve pressed his hand to his ear. "Tony, I've found him."
The older boy nodded, gripped his brother tight and ran.
"Thor, shut the fuck up, or so help me I'll pull your hair out." Nat snapped, standing up from the table and looking up at Peter.
The alleyway was empty.
Maggie's eyes shifted and she saw them next to her bed. They both had red-rimmed eyes. She could sort of feel pressure on her arm. It wasn't enough to tell. "Real?" Her voice sounded raspy and awful, even to her own ears. Like she's swallowed nails before talking.
Maggie flushed. "Yes, Ness."
"I'm getting real tired of your family showing up here, Captain." She said flatly. "We're about to start working. I think he'll be fine. Broken arm, likely a few stitches are needed, probably a concussion, a few possibly fractured ribs. What the excuse this time? Another 'lab accident?' Because it's looking like this 'accident' was a really big guy hitting him really hard."
Tears leaked from her eyes.
"He's a competitor."
Maggie tilted her head to the side. "You look fine. Though, if you aren't going to wear a tie, unbutton one more button."
"I have plenty of discipline. My powers, however, don't...they don't...mesh with logic or order. It's...chaos. You try holding your brain together in chaos."
Peter then realized he'd somehow wolfed it down in the middle of their talk. "Sorry, I was hungrier than I thought. It was awesome. Thanks." He frowned guiltily. He should have offered her something. "Are you hungry?"
"He was going to hurt me...like HE did. He was going to hurt me." Maggie could almost feel it. Almost see it replay, based solely on the feelings she'd felt in the vision. "He came into the room. I knew he was coming..." Maggie lifted her eyes to meet his. "I knew. So I dug the brick out of the wall. I had it ready for when he came. It was premeditated. I meant to kill him...or at least knock him out. I think...a keycard fell out of his pocket. I...killed him because he was going to hurt me...and because he gave me a way out."
She couldn't see any danger lights. In a fight, she'd be able to see that. Whatever those sounds were, it was for show. It wasn't real.
"And it's not on you." Maggie smiled back at him. "So, heard the wedding date got announced."
"You've been patrolling a lot recently. What's up with that, kid?"
Maggie closed her eyes again.
Peter nodded, hugged him, then left the room. He shook himself and headed to the show room.
Strange stood there for a few moments, then sighed, nodded, and sat down.
"Wait, does that mean this dude, this king is his cousin and father? That's weird."
Tony closed his eyes. "I don't like this."
Tony's jaw tightened. "What happened?"
She shook her head. "Not really. Plus we still have to spar, right? I have a hard time fighting on a full stomach. You probably get it, but flying and a full stomach doesn't mesh."
Then again...Peter'd been adopted by two heroes and was a dancer himself so... It was a thing, apparently.
"An excellent play."
Strange nodded. Nearly infinite futures to look through, it was distracting. He'd been there before. He wasn't one for liking looking through the future. But he'd done it to learn how to do it. He was curious that way. He found that it was stressful to look through time. It came with a responsibility that wasn't fun. But Margaret didn't have to seek this out. Her mind would send her glimpses into the future. She needed to learn to control it before it controlled her. "You don't have to see all of it. But if you don't start filtering it, it'll start finding you."
She didn't lift her head, it hurt too much. Then she felt a piece of paper on her desk. She slowly sat up and blinked her eyes. It took her several moments to be able to read it.
Maggie's eyes were closed.
Tony looked over his shoulder at one of the wide windows. "Why?"
"Good point, didn't think of that. I'll bring chairs."
"I've got you covered. Any dislikes in toppings or anything?"
"I guess we're dropping in." Peter swung forward.
"No! Could you imagine? That would be embarrassing. He's just my teacher. I can't just...latch onto him like a koala. That's needy and gross and childish and just...ugh."
"On second thought, I'm surprised Mr. Wilson would get upset with you missing class given his...lawlessness."
"It's not on you." Peter promised.
"Oh, my girl, I loved you in Star Wars and V for Vendetta. You're a queen, like almost Pepper Potts level QUEEN. I can't believe I'm frenemies with an actress. Dude, did you know you totally look like Thor's girlfriend?"
"Vanessa." Maggie blushed. Her eyes widened further when Peter and Steve both blushed. "Jesus, can you NOT for once? I'm sitting with two enhanced people at the moment."
'I tell her to take it easy and she damn near falls to her death having a dance off with Spiderman on the rooftops... Why am I not surprised?'
"I killed someone." Maggie shook her head. "No...I WILL kill someone. I'm...I'm going to. I-"
"Or we could fight over it." Tony turned on Steve and raised an eyebrow a smirk on his face.
Peter's eyes watered. He was already in pain before the man had started mutilating him 'for science'.
"I'll head out, let you all be alone." Christine whispered. "And get around the other tests."
"I'll show you." Peter volunteered.
He nodded.
Nat walked up to him and pulled him into a hug, whispering reassuringly. "It's okay, Peter. You're safe. You're at the tower with Nat and the most idiotic excuse for a god of thunder ever."
"I told you...weird week." Maggie shrugged then sent a text that was composed entirely of emojis. "Gotta make sure he knows I'm okay. Or else he'll track me down." Maggie said.
"Sir, will not let you down if he makes it there first." This was directed at Steve and they both knew it. He'd scolded the hell out of Tony when they'd had dinner last time and Tony had been nearly an hour late because he got occupied in the lab. Steve had been a little pissed and maybe a little upset, but Peter was with Tony. And he didn't want them setting a bad example for their son, especially with everything Peter'd been through.
"Margaret!" Strange took off.
"Nah. Upstairs is still pretty great. Though, my favorite is working with Dr. Banner."
"What'd you do today?" Steve asked.
"JARVIS, what's going on?" Peter asked as he got changed from his suit back into his loose work-out clothes.
"It's like...being told you were going to spend the night at a fun aunt and uncle's house. Then it's not just a night. I love them, but they aren't my parents. They don't act like it. They love me, I know. But...I don't know. When my dad was alive he and my mom there were rules and structures and rituals and...just so much stuff that came with that love. Those other things aren't so much there with Wade and Vanessa, like they'd be afraid to step in and try to raise someone else's kid. I haven't had that in a long time. When Dad was killed Mom...stopped being a mom. Then with my step-father..." She cringed. "I don't know. Wade and Vanessa, they'd do anything for me. They send me to a good school, to dance, to therapy. That structure helps me...but I miss..."
Peter barely missed getting hit by it and got his hands on her (finally). She fought back, as usual, but Peter got his arms around her neck. She huffed a sigh and tapped his arm twice. If it were a real fight. Peter would have had her. Peter didn't sit in his victory though. He launched himself up to the ceiling, just in time to avoid a hit from the shield.
Peter grabbed his plate and jumped. He had to hide. He'd stolen food from Thor. Thor would be pissed. The usually mild-mannered god of thunder hadn't ever been mean to Peter, but what if he was? What if he hurt Peter for taking the pop tarts? Peter was strong, but he was pretty sure he wasn't Thor strong. He'd be dead, all over pop tarts.
"Yes, sweetie?"
"Oh." Maggie blinked. Peter was dressed to the nines in a suit. Gray and burgundy. The top button of his shirt was undone. "Are you busy going somewhere?"
"Plus, I blacklisted him from any and all Stark companies and every college that I could get ahold of. So when he starts applyin this year...that'll be fun."
"We know, Margaret. That's why I brought you here. A totally different dimension, they can't get through. I sealed the doors too. Only I can get people or things in and out." Strange promised.
He picked up his phone and looked at it. No new messages, but he hadn't responded to Maggie's text from the day before. He considered calling her while things were a little calm. She'd texted him a few times, asking if he was okay, wishing him luck, trying to bounce ideas off to see what the beast was. He tried to respond to each one, but...really, it wasn't easy. For his own reason, texting wasn't easy. She didn't seem to worry about the speed of his responses though. She did seem to understand. But he hated when he couldn't tell her he was alright. He knew she'd lost someone before, he didn't like leaving her in silence any longer than necessary. He clicked on her contact and was about to press the button to call her.
Peter appreciated her delicacy. Even though they were isolated in their own practice room, she kept the information quiet. "Dad...actually. I'm...they adopted me."
"Of course, Peter." Karen answered. "Good job today."
"I've got a lot of excess energy. I'm used to dancing and fighting every day. I haven't been STILL so much for such a long time."
"Okay. Stay safe. I love you, Peter."
Peter caught her. "Gotcha."
Tony frowned but nodded. "I get that, kiddo. "But don't let fear stop you, you might regret it someday."
"I'm too old for hide-n-seek, ."
The lights hurt. Everything fucking hurt. "Ness...?"
"Oh, I thought you were just trying to visit a certain girl more often."
"What happened?" Wong asked.
"Okay... I...trust you."
Peter sighed and closed his eyes. How long had reality been warped around him? Had it started with the Not-Tony in the lab all that time ago...or had it been longer? He hated not knowing. And, whoever had been doing this had gotten better. They'd mimicked his dad's heartbeat, which they hadn't done before. How had they figured it out? Peter frowned. He felt to exhausted to try to figure it out. He just wanted to take a moment to rest.
The alarms went off. She barely heard them, her focus off in the future. She closed her eyes and focused. She stretched her power out to as many people in the facility as she could. If she could slow them down, Peter could get out easier.
Peter was kinda smug that he was the first Stark-Rogers. But that didn't make him smile any less when his parents were pronounced as Stark-Rogers, just like him.
Ned laughed and put his phone down. "He's going to flop. Totally." He didn't envy his friend. This was a big day and if Peter had half the social anxiety of Ned...yikes. Ned sighed and kept his phone next to him, just in case Peter needed him.
He lost his breath for a moment, then dodged her next attack. With a practiced move that he'd never used on her before, he hit her directly in the sternum. Breath left her lungs and her body started to fall backward. "Game, set, and match. Again. I have a flawless record against you." He smiled, then winced. "But you packed a punch." His side ached. Something Wilson was teaching her had to be paying off, because she was gaining muscle mass AND fighting competency. She could actually do damage...when she was close enough to someone to hit them. He stretched then he helped lower her now empty body to the floor. "You're good kid, just not quite there for my kind of weird. You're stuff probably works on normal people, don't take it too hard." He talked at her. Knowing she was likely cursing him up and down in her astral form. But, for a moment, she couldn't actually do anything. "Truce? I'll bring the spider-boy back." He spoke in the vague direction of where he imagined her astral form was.
"Let's not and say you did." Vanessa said. "Here, I'll help."
"Shut up, bug." Another arm launched at him. "Get out of the way."
"Yeah. Even managed to get one good hit in on Dr. Strange."
Time sped to it's normal pace. Peter caught the baddie and then lowered his unconscious form to the ground.
"You are technically an intern to the outside world, mister." Happy said quietly. "Got to keep up appearances. Keep your badge on you."
"That's good then."
That couldn't be real. But it made Peter's heart soar, even though he knew it would all crash down. "Please...please help me." He begged.
"I wasn't in my head, blood loss and all. Didn't feel up to complaining at that time. Now, I've got a backlog to get through."
"And that is?"
"Wanna spend some time in the lab or go hang out upstairs?"
"I would not say so." Thor commented. "This Iron Man is our friend Tony. Tony has given us a home and food and weapons. He has created weapons knowing they would be used against him. I'm not so sure this is even, Clint. It seems that Tony has gotten the worse end of this. And he has been fighting a battle on his own for a long time."
"No. They're quiet."
"I know you're sleepy, but we've got food. We even smuggled in your favorite pudding."
"I wish my spidersense was more specific like that." Peter huffed. "Everything is a threat to it, rain, loud sounds, a bug in the vent. It takes practice to not cringe at everything." Peter sighed.
"Fucking hell." Peter looked from his Dad to Maggie.
"Uh. Hi." She waved shyly.
"I didn't mean it like that, you look good." Peter felt his face grow warm. "You know fine. You know what I mean." He rambled. "You do have a pretty gnarly scar though."
Peter heard Nat launching herself from wall to wall, working through the course toward him. Steve jumped straight up to the ledge right below where Peter was hiding. He shot web at the ceiling and swung at Steve. He didn't have to worry (too much) about holding back his strength with his Papa. Steve must have seen it coming, because he dodged, getting almost out of the way. Peter still managed to clip Steve's side and knock him to the ground. Peter attached another web to the ceiling and with his newly free hand he webbed Steve's hands to the ground. That would hold him for a few moments.
Peter snorted and closed his eyes, letting out a breath.
"If you draw him closer I can slow him down." Maggie told Peter.
"That...was a bit more understandable." Vanessa said. She looked at Wade who already stood up, grabbing his swords.
"Want to call your Dad and Pops? They'll want to hear you're okay. I let them know I got you, but they'll probably feel better hearing from you." Happy reminded, gently, as if Peter hadn't been on the edge of a panic attack on the mere mention of his previous starved state. He'd thought he was getting better about it, then things like that happened.
"Payback how?"
She didn't want to though. The last time she'd looked up a summery she'd ended up with a D on a test because apparently people on the internet liked to be assholes and tell the wrong things. Maggie did NOT want to get stuck in summer school for English...again. She had to at least get a C+, that was her goal. A C+. Most of her classmates would be appalled at that goal, but really, that's all she wanted. Every time she tried to focus, though, everything got jumbled up and messy and it took her four or five read-throughs to comprehend what she'd actually read.
"You ready?" Dr. Strange said.
"He um...he was going to stop a weapons transfer and something big hit him from his blind side. He didn't see it coming."
Steve lowered himself to the ground, prepared for an attack from the ground, but not so far down that he wouldn't be able to move.
Peter ran to the side of the crater and Maggie met him there. She looked tired, her blue pea coat covered in ash, grime, and blood, hopefully not her own. She extended her staff in her right hand, looking up at the silver suit. "We got to keep him away from Iron Man." Peter said. "Karen says JARVIS is trying to get the suit back online. We need to give him time."
Maggie looked out her window, at all the red danger lights she could see. "I hate being cooped up inside. I can see so many problems...people who need help. And I can't do anything."
"Much, Peter. But I was informed to present a gift to you."
Tony nodded. "I'll figure it out."
"Yeah. I'm already technically a Stark-Rogers. They'll have the name after I do. Funny, huh?"
"All bandaged up. The one on your side is deepest, we need to get that one next, okay?" Strange asked, his voice gentle, professional, almost bored in its even delivery.
"What is that? That's awful."
Maggie felt the cape press down on her before it flew to Strange's shoulders. She smiled at him. "Thanks."
"That's why you call and don't text." Peter realized. "It's cool. My friend MJ really struggled when she was younger. She still has struggles sometimes, but she's super creative. I think that's a thing. A lot of crazy talented people deal with things like that."
Steve looked at Tony. "I'll regroup the team. If you can narrow them down a little further. That would help."
"Dr. Palmer, right?" Tony asked.
"Sir was in a lab accident today." JARVIS cut in with the cover story. "Sir broke a few bones and is suffering from a concussion. He is currently being treated."
Maggie walked the length and width of the guest room many times. The floor didn't creak. Once she was satisfied that she wasn't going to wake in terror, she took her gloves off and got around for bed. This was Dr. Strange. She'd be fine. And she'd managed not to bother him so far, even though she'd probably been too sassy. So, maybe it was okay. Maybe.
"Strange, you can rest... I'll help her. You've got enough on your plate. I don't think I've seen you rest yet."
"Lots of practice. You alright, Roo?"
"A block away from his school. In an alleyway. He hasn't moved in four hours. Would you like coordinates?"
Maggie sent him an address.
"Peter wait!" Maggie grabbed his hand tight in her gloved hand.
She rolled up to point easily and lifted up her left leg. Her right leg shook a little bit for a moment, but she got it under control. She bent her left leg and leaned forward. Her right foot wobbled, bad, but she managed to stay upright arching her arms to keep herself.
"Less than five minutes at this current trajectory. Mr. Stark is expecting you at the lab. Shall I tell him you'll be delayed?" Karen asked.
"You slowed it down just fine."
"Mental health comes first, Itsy Bitsy." She said before taking a small sip. "Oh my gosh. Thank you, this is really good."
Peter wasn't ready for what happened next.
But he couldn't hear her. Maybe she wasn't there.
"She was strangled." Christine whispered, working on cutting through Maggie's shirt. "What happened to this girl?"
"Private school." Maggie shrugged. Wade and Vanessa had tried to find a school that would be more likely to provide for her...needs. "No book should be banned. Everything can be learned from. Good or bad. You delete history, you repeat it."
Peter leaned back. "Huh?"
"What if they try to use me against you, Dad?" Peter asked.
The cloak of levitation tightened around her, Strange could feel it shifting, trying to comfort her. He lifted his eyes to Vanessa. "Tony mentioned nightmares coming to life?"
"Thanks."
"That's different you know?" Peter shrugged as he began to read the lines of code. "It's not like I'm trying to make... I dunno, nanotech or something like that. That's like hardcore engineering. I'm really just making a glorified battery is all."
Seriously, guyz. Tie or no tie? Helllllppppp meeeeeeee.
"And we love you, Peter. So much."
"You should be really proud." Liz promised. "You did great."
Maggie flinched closer to Strange at Vanessa's voice.
Strange wanted so badly to pull her close, wipe her tears, and tell her she was safe. He couldn't touch her right now...and...the look in her eyes. She didn't LOOK like she'd just had a nightmare.
Peter nodded and got up. He had some nice clothes. Honestly, he had more nice clothes than he'd ever had before. Tony made sure Peter had nice clothes, but most of Peter's clothes were normal, every-day things that Peter was used to. He walked to his closet and pulled out two suits, a couple of blazers, a few sweaters, a couple of ties, and button-ups.
Strange had finally managed to catch her. To her credit, she was slippery. He set all sorts of traps for her and she wasn't easy to catch. Her physical strength wasn't enough to overcome him, mostly because he wouldn't let her get close enough. Be she was quick and clever. Some times that's all it took. Others... Well, once she was caught she had a hard time getting out. "Give up yet?"
"Well, fuck me sideways. That looks real as fuck. No wonder the kid is confused about what's real." Deadpool said, his hands on his cheeks in shock.
"But you ARE hurt. They're probably being cautious, in case something goes wrong. And if Strange thought you'd disrupt his life, he would have told them no when they asked him if he could 'babysit'." Peter said.
Peter was almost two hours past curfew, had left the internship early, and as far as Tony knew, hadn't eaten. Tony glanced at Steve, who didn't look pleased either, but Tony didn't want to lose it on Peter. The kid had gone through enough recently. He didn't want to go off on the boy, even if he was angry and even though it was justified. Still, Peter couldn't go without some sort of talking to, because going out like that wasn't safe. He took a deep breath in as Peter walked toward the kitchen, wearing a loose pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt.
"Yeah. But...for real?"
"But that's a lie. Isn't it?" He knelt in front of her. "I know who you are. I've been watching you for a long time."
"Maggie, I know how you are. You need to pack more. Good golly, not even your favorite pillow? What are you doing with your life?" She shook her head, grabbed another bag and started filling it.
"Thank you, kid." She grinned and looked up at his IV. "One more round of meds for you, deal?"
Dr. Strange raised an eyebrow.
"Yes, sir."
"Should have let Spiderman get you out of the area. He did great, clearing the space."
Peter laughed.
"I laugh in the face of danger." Peter grinned, leaning forward, loving the way the wind felt in his hair.
Maggie rolled her eyes. "Fine. Fine." She waved him off. "Good luck storming the castle."
"It helps with a myriad of things."
"I'm presuming you just fought a bad guy. If you're anything like this kid, you need your food. What do you like?" Tony asked again.
"S..." She took a breath and gathered herself. She felt like she was drudging up the word. "Safe?" Her throat felt tight, her tongue was too heavy to make proper sounds.
Maggie closed her eyes and Strange began to read again. Steve could tell she was asleep seconds later. But Strange, true to his word, finished the chapter.
"Girl, you're dad's gorgeous. Wow."
Tony shook his head and walked forward.
"Home, please, J." Tony said.
"When I'm better...can we work more on non-lethal take-downs and grappling? And...maybe some longer range weapons?"
"Oh."
"Huh? Why didn't you just call him? Were you worried about waking him up? Anyway, yeah. Just one second, he's working-don't worry it's all holograms, no lifting, I told him I'd take his coffee if he tried anything too strenuous." Steve chuckled. "Here he is."
There was danger all around her. Everything was awful and bad. But she waited. Waited until he bowed forward, until he was off balance.
"I left her...I didn't think she was real. I thought it was a lie. It...sounded recorded. I thought...I thought they were lying." Peter's eyes lingered on her neck. Had they strangled her because he left? What happened to her head? What had really happened?
Peter didn't seem to notice anything. "There you are, Mags. That is upright. You were leaning to the side. Try your pivots now."
"It was alright."
Peter sighed in relief when his Papa walked through the door.
"Well, you passed out with the hand saw, so let's mark that one down as the worst thus far. But...my, my, my..."
"What are you seeing right now?"
"You're making it hard to focus by talking so much."
I was going to write a whole heck of a lot more about this...but it went really dark and I decided to lighten it up. (Believe me, this is nice compared to what I was writing originally. Eek. The less details the better.)
Peter felt goosebumps raise on his arms. Something was wrong. He didn't feel like he was in danger, but he felt like something was off. He turned and looked at Tony. He didn't feel as mad this time, his dad was on light duty, but still, he wished he was still resting. "Hey, Mr. Stark. How's it going?"
"Did two children just leave our front doors in costumes?" Wong asked, pulling out his headphones.
Peter took turns wearing both suits. They weren't like the one he'd worn to Ben's and May's funerals. These were fitted to him, comfortable, even. Like a second skin.
"Yeah, yeah." Happy waved her off.
"Sir, Peter has proven that whether or not someone knew he was Spiderman, he would fight smartly. It is out of character for Peter not to fight back." JARVIS commented.
"Eh, I have a mildly broken wrist and some bruises. But who's counting? You should see the other guy."
Peter sighed. He knew that feeling. When he was little he'd cried every single time May or Ben left the house. He was afraid they'd never come back...the same way his parents had. Even now, he still felt his chest tighten when Steve or Tony went out to fight bad guys. "He'll be alright."
Except it didn't. This guy's metal arms lifted him up and kept him from tripping.
"Do you think my boys would let me do anything to reinjure myself?" Tony snorted.
Thanks for sticking through with another story.
"Three blocks, got it, Spiderman." The man said and ran with a slight limp away.
It took a few moments, but Peter found his breath. "S-sorry."
"Thanks for the necklace."
She had seen him. He HAD been standing at the foot of her bed. It hadn't been a nightmare.
"Can...can you take me home?"
Wade looked like he wanted to crack a joke, but he didn't. He leaned against the counter and looked at Vanessa. "Ness...I've never seen her that comfortable around someone else before. She's always so careful, so guarded."
"What's seems to be the problem?"
A tear leaked from an eye as they finally shut, unable to stay awake. The last thing she knew was that there was a man hovering over her, her ears were ringing, her body was immobilized, and no one was there to help her.
"We can get you food, kiddo." Tony said, then looked up at the doctor. "We can give him food? He's allowed, right?"
"Sure, sure." Peter held up his hands, then sighed and settled in a little more. "We're all okay though."
That wasn't the normal question...at least not the phrasing Dr. West would use if he did ask those questions. He was fishing. To see if Maggie was alert, awake, able to speak. He was fishing to see if she was a threat. Did that mean...? Christine schooled her face. Maggie had seen the bad guy's real face. "I honestly don't know."
She didn't know if it took seconds or hours, but she sat up again, propping herself against the corner.
Maggie cried silently as he took the pieces and left the room. She pressed her back along the wall and counted the bricks with her cuffed hands. With her nails, she began to scrap at the wall around the loose brick she knew was there. Her tears kept falling. Her head ached. Did she have a concussion? She felt sick.
