Steve smiled, amused, but nodded shrewdly.
“Are you saying these were prototypes, or just modified?”  Lt. Farrell asked, crouching in the piled cinders with him.
Tony’s feet never faltered.  He was too scared to think about them.
“Nothing that can’t wait.  Can I come over?”
Peter’s Spider-sense tingled,
“-Catch,” Tony ordered, and flipped the third pancake he’d made off the top of the cooling stack with a flick of his spatula.
“What’s this ‘we’ Kemosabe?”  Tony interrupted, cracking some eggs into a bowl.
“Uh-huh.  I ate with Steve and Carol before they left for the Secret Squirrel meeting earlier,” Peter nodded.
…And slapped the handcuffs that he’d picked up from the top of the dresser onto the mystery guy’s exposed wrists
“No, go ahead,” Tony replied, “-T-109… T-45…  T-45B…”
Steve’s brown bomber jacket was gone.  -He would be at Avengers tower by now.
“No,” Steve smiled, “-there really isn’t.”
“-Or shut him up any more, apparently,” Tony observed, straightening.
“You have a house, Pym,” Tony said coldly, “-this is just Jannie’s dollhouse.”
“Yeah, there was a piece left over from the other night,” Tony nodded, turning back to what he was doing, “-I broke it up into the pancake batter.”
“Whoo.  It’s got to be almost thirty knots out there…”
Iron Man laughed.
No essential change, deadly glance, or brief emotion that didn’t match the rest.
“I have to go,” Wanda giggled.
Aside from what they’d already found, Steve and his motorcycle were clean.
Tony had put his electric screwdriver down, and gone with her.
Nothing happened.
The song played on, but the lyrics became confusing, and Steve couldn’t re-engage with it.  When the music trailed off into a montage of crickets, night-birds and distant sirens, Steve looked over at Tony, who was watching his face with concern.
Yet she couldn’t keep from comparing his vague, too-smooth responses to the ones she was more used to hearing from Peter.
Spider-Man no less, Iron Man’s partner, one of the very institutions of New York City…
War Machine’s protest was cut off in midsentense, and his transmission vanished.
to be good, and I- -yeah just… let’s do this,” Tony argued quickly, when he could talk again.
Tony repeated, with increasing unease.
“Well, obviously it doesn’t have those kinds of conscious connections, but with the little-understood kinetic absorption properties of Vibranium, it might well contain some kind of static after-image, like a- -like the way light and shadow come up on photographic paper, only with a different part of the energy spectrum,”  Tony explained, defensively.
been the worst of the damage, in that particular fire…
?          Born to be Wild            Steppenwolf
Steve’s left arm and hand tightened, pushing Tony’s hips forwards, and he took him in deeper.  It was a swift gesture, just this side of rough…  exciting, and hard to predict, because Steve hadn’t premeditated it.
They slept.
Steve glanced up at Fury, folded his arms across his chest, and looked vaguely guilty.
, who isn’t even IN the Avengers…  You didn’t even give me
“Ya think I don’t know that?  Now get out,” Fury ordered, jerking a thumb over his shoulder at the doorway.  “-It ain’t like I don’t have -your- prints and boots on file…”
“No, like I told you, we’re just friends.  Her brother Pietro would atomize me,” Peter shuddered.
Tony grabbed his recently-reassembled helmet off the floor, and keyed the mic.
“The war’s over.  We just lost.”
, a deep, all-consuming thunder that left his thoughts slow, and strange, and primal…
Steve, in Tony’s considered opinion, wore far too many layers of clothing.  When attacked like a wrapped Christmas present however, those layers yielded.
“Hello, Tony.  Cap told me you were staying with him, so…”  Wanda hesitated, tactfully.
Tony looked back down at War Machine.
Hours…?
“Yeah, I was,” Tony replied, with an ‘eat-shit-and-die’ one.
“-Who’s out there?”  He asked.
And with that, the news went to a toothpaste commercial.
“You’re just hungry,” Steve said, smiling at Tony sidelong and stepping out of his blue leather pants.
“Uh-huh,” Tony replied vaguely, threading a tiny white wire through a metal eyelet.
Every one of these heroes had had a run-in with the law, or had a reputation for ‘authority issues’.  And of them all, only Iron Man could fly…
“I didn’t say-”
“-Why?”  Tony asked.
Tony moved Steve’s arms up by his wrists, and scanned him again.  He stopped just beneath Steve’s left arm, and pointed.
How soon was it, before the string of red hole-punched Frisbees hung across the ceiling at the back of the garage began to melt, and stretch, and catch fire one by one, splashes of molten plastic vanishing in the hotter blaze below?  Had they deflected and begun to melt together first, or had they burned too fast?
He reached up with his free hand, and touched a control just beneath the lower edge of his damaged red and gold helmet.
Tony’s eyes flicked up to meet Steve’s quickly, almost guiltily.  He took a steadying breath, then sighed and answered the question, his voice flat.
Avengers Tower, Hank Pym’s lab, 1:28 PM.
He was deliciously heavy.
sonofabitch,” Paulie cut him off.
“Want me to st-”
The watchers on shore weren’t even sure who was chasing who anymore, but the speed of
Tony prompted, briskly.
“Well, he’ll get used to it soon enough,” Steve said, shutting the refrigerator door.
“It’s not just me, is it?  There’s a spider-web toast-stamp on this.”
“That’s what the glove is for,” Misty shrugged, philosophically.  “-It will still fit under that, right?  I brought my spare…”
The look he got when he tried to explain the physics of a Roman Legionnaire’s armor, or simple astronavigation, or-
“I…”  Tony broke off, and swore.  “…D-6,” he added, quietly.
Steve replied.
But that wasn’t what stopped him.  Set into the center of Iron Man’s otherwise very Human-looking chest like the lens of a large magnifying glass, was a device like Steve had never seen before.
It was hard to say who was more startled, Luke or the criminals he’d walked in on.
Tony’s bedroom, 6:35 AM
Tony paused, half-opened his mouth to reply, then closed it and walked on.  The man in the boxes couldn’t have been answering his unspoken questions, he’d just been talking about literal fact.  Tony had literally walked into the man.  Well, a corner of one of the boxes…
“Hello?”
The first appearance of the Stark Industries War Machine armor had been in 1967, about four months after Tony’s return to the United States.
“Hm-mm,” Tony shook his head, certain.  “…Never hurts when you do it, Steve.  You’re always- …so careful with me.  Feels like… Feels like flying,” Tony sighed, shutting his eyes and resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder “-feels… you feel
This- -this was wildfire.  This was arching, striking, quick.  This was each man taking his pleasure in the other, and
best kind, the blonde had still chosen to plug him in as if doing a serious medical procedure.  Interesting.
“My dad…”  Harry paused, and folded his fingers around hers, “-you know he designed the SHIELD gliders, right?”
This canvas was screwed anyway.
Tony was no super-soldier, but he turned wrenches for a living, and the grip of his calloused fingers around the thin, strong chain held firm.
Lt. Farrell swore softly under his breath.
“…I was wondering if you’d take a look at my motorbike,” Cap replied still eyeing him with concern.
“-Was that before, or
“Holy
“OFF,” Tony ordered, pointing towards the floor, “-and
Sharon stopped talking, took out a business card, and handed it to him with forced politeness.
Iron Man wasn’t getting up.
Then he shot Peter a significant glance, and flicked a quarter-inch steel nut at Harry’s forehead, fast.
Tony put a hand to the bass-beat of pain in his forehead, and bent down to pick up the Ford wrench he’d just dropped.
“No, Steve.  I had nothing to do with those, I swear,” Tony promised.
He plugged his armor’s power connecter back in, and unlocked the joints of his suit.  Tony slumped against the wall, head down.  The whole center of his chest felt tender, like a deep-tissue sunburn.
AGAIN…
Dr. Strange from a slight down-angle, caught with one hand gripping the edge of his high-collared cloak, his serious expression and the frost caught in his dark hair making him seem far older.
Tony got up, fished his drafting notebook and some pencils out of the top drawer of a tan metal filing cabinet, and handed them over.
“Why do you have the plans to the SHIELD glider?  I mean… that
“-Oh-…”  Tony’s forehead creased, lips just parted.
“-Feel better, okay?”  Peter called back to Harry as the nurse herded them towards the door.
This piece was due tomorrow night…
Steve’s incredibly risky jump-start of the arc back at the train yard had produced an arc reaction of unprecedented power and longevity, but the device itself was slightly asymmetrical, which meant that the reaction still wouldn’t truly be a self-sustaining one.
…But saving one of the pilots who had tried to shoot them down would be an excellent way to start countering whatever cock-and-bull story the powers that be in Washington were doubtless cooking up for their unwelcome return.  He couldn’t do anything less, really.  …Not in front of Peter.
walked like a normal man, while everyone else was either skating or simply trying to remain upright.  Steve walked past them like a ghost, like some strange and terrible apparition of vengeance, to whom the principles of shear, gravity, and hydrodynamics simply did not apply.
“I -knew- you could figure it out,” Tony told his helmet happily, “-I just
Tony almost missed it.
“I- -need to-” Steve’s words fell apart again.
find me, and uh… Tony, he could have died.  I mean… easily.”
, and Colonel Fury to pull his disappearing act when the Feds showed up.”
Tony shut his eyes momentarily, and resisted the urge to grit his teeth.
It was strange.  Both songs had been about war, yet he was hopeful this one would end differently.  Less fashionably, by having the good guys win.
“HAH!
“Cap-?”  Tony began, sounding a little breathless.
Steve kissed him for a second or two, and smiled.
“I’ll start at the end, then,” Steve decided, and pressed ‘G-12-PLAY’.
, why hadn’t he seen the resemblance before?  They both had the same tall, thin build, the same large eyes and tightly-cut wavy hair that seemed to be two different shades at once when the sunlight hit it…
“-Up yours, Luke!”  Tony yelled back, and slammed the receiver down hard.
Steve opened the door, and made out Tony stretched out on top of the blankets by the choppy, multicolored light of a cigarette commercial, and the unusually steady glow of the arc reactor.  A round black cable about the thickness of a shading pencil lay against Tony’s chest in a loose curve and disappeared off the far side of the bed.
A-10   Ziggy Stardust                      David Bowie
?          Break on Through          The Doors
…WHAT?
“Where?”
“You father was a mechanic?”  Steve asked, looking around the garage with interest.
-Cha-clunk-.
“Peter, the frequency we communicate on isn’t even technically a radio wave anymore,   -and- it would take an advanced degree in applied mathematics-“
“-You’re right,” Steve said after a moment, collecting himself.
“Ahh, that’s between him an’ Reed.  Ya wanna see ‘im?”
reasons, Steve,” Tony pointed out, “-and the fact that he didn’t call in seeing the Racer tonight is just one more on that list.”
to hold it together, and getting it -just- right, and slick fingers digging into Steve’s back, and Tony’s hips bucking and arching beneath his without waiting for a perfect rhythm, and breath that hissed through tight-clenched teeth, and a rising, gasping whimper of warning that couldn’t possibly be coming from
“I know who that is,” Peter swallowed.
“What were you building?”  Peter asked curiously, tapping the stack of bills from the parts and materials companies.
“Yes, but it assumes that the civil authorities will be working -with- us, and since SHIELD and the FBI have declared this a criminal
Steve’s unmasked face, focusing as he painted something detailed onto the tank of a silver-gray motorcycle.
Steve leaned over and kissed him.
Tony felt big hands close around the small of his lower back, and then the unique, bark-like texture of Steve’s mail shirt against his skin, through three layers of cotton.
Tony reached over and pressed Peter’s forehead with two fingers.
“All right, get your butt up to the theater district.  One of those top-balcony things caved in, and-”
“Great.  We’ve got class in half an hour,” Peter stated, flatly.
Iron Man and War Machine regarded each other for a long, tense moment.
Tony’s mind helpfully donated some hints about what to
The evidence hinted at yes, but some of the details weren’t right.  Weren’t…
Shifting, squirming appreciation, and a stifled whimper.
“You need an air horn.”
Tony thought briefly of magnetizing his repulsor disks and erasing everything in the room, but that might be noticed in the morning…
“Tony,” Steve said, clearly.
He blinked, and walked up a mound of rain and bicycle-flattened gritty ash.
Steve’s loft, 9:37 PM (same day).
“…How do you know that?”  Steve asked, drawing back a little.
Steve sunk his fingers into the back of Tony’s dark hair and kissed him, lifting up slightly.
“Steve…?”  Tony repeated, more cautiously.
Steve smiled enigmatically, and watched the centers of Tony’s blue-gray eyes darken.
Steve wondered what it was made of, and made a mental note to ask later.
Morgan Stark?”
“Yeah.  -Go figure, huh?”
“Okay.”
Steve studied Hank’s back as the other man worked.  Even through the pale blue collared shirt and white lab coat, the scientist was powerfully built.  Not to the degree that Steve was himself, but even so…   They didn’t look so different, especially from the back.
“Harry… did you sleep at all last night?”  Peter asked, studying his friend’s shadowed, somewhat waxy-looking face.
“You’re still wearing your armor,” Steve pointed out.
“When did -you- get in?”  Peter asked, settling on a cherry pastry and tearing open the wrapper as he walked over.
He’d found Peggy Carter again, her mind broken by the last day he’d seen her during the war.
War Machine’s helmet didn’t come off in one piece the way Tony’s did.  The shell of the helmet slid off of a kind of guard extending from his flexible neck-armor up to cover the very back of his head.  His face was fully visible though, competent, experienced, and a bit worried.  Steve didn’t recognize the man.
Steve exchanged a glance of complete understanding with the old man, who got up and patted Steve’s shoulder as he gathered his helmet to leave.
by the
“Nng…
, though… too heavy for stainless steel or silver, and it didn’t hold the heat of Tony’s hand the way it should have…
Steve allowed himself a small smile, looked down into the interior of the suit and- stopped.  The inner side of the breastplate looked nothing like the plain welded and painted steel of the exterior.  It was a carpet of circuits, insulation, power busses, transistors, and things Steve couldn’t -begin- to guess at the function of…
“Bet he’s got more taste…”
He looked back at the long, bulky silhouette in the bed behind him, and smiled wryly.
“So… what are you going to do now?”  Tony asked, somewhat at random.
“Terrific.  Okay, umm…” he re-tuned his right radio, and tried again,
“Is that good?”  Steve asked, smiling.
“Well…”  Peter considered, chin in hand, “-Steve’s not so bad.”
“Hmm…”  One end of Tony’s mustache quirked upwards, “-yeah, I could make one of those.”
“Tony… that wasn’t your fault,” Whitney told him, looking away and moving the breakfast dishes onto the nightstand.
hands, and Tony lost it with a shout that came back from the bricks, eyes tight shut.  His hips were still moving, he’d forgotten how to stop, or maybe it was Steve moving -him-, and it didn’t matter, he was coming and taking Steve down with him, and at the end it…
“-Well it’s… complicated.”
War Machine collected his fallen gun from the pavement, and took off.
maneuvering jet.”
Steve kissed him.
Very stealthily, Peter picked off Tony’s sunglasses.
, Steve noticed as he lifted the plastic aside.
“Yes, I
“If you could GET it open past the dummy-locks I installed, I’d be taking you to the emergency room,” Tony admitted.
Tony slammed into War Machine at a speed most light aircraft couldn’t match, fists-first.
There was an upsurge of laughter and approving cat-calls from the crowd.
?  Going once…?”  Wanda called, holding the record up.
“He sounds like a remarkable man,” Steve acknowledged.
Steve hugged him, and Tony shut his eyes.
Tony looked exasperated for a moment, and the hole in the floor disappeared as if it had never been.
Snatches of the gritty lyrics in question mixed strangely with the sudden warmth of Steve’s lips on his.
“Well, shit…”  Jerome considered, “-I’m gonna have to try that in the garage at home first.”
Luke added the forklift driver to the growing pile of semiconscious bad guys, and stood glaring down at them, hands on hips.
“Yes, probably, but for now they have to leave,” the nurse told him.
Unarmored.
“How old is this?”  Hank asked.
Tony saw the Midnight Racer fall, and it was nothing like slow motion.  It was cancelled inertia, a moment when time stood still, then engaged again with all the subtlety and grace of an igniting afterburner.  The Green Goblin grabbed sky, and Tony went after him, and the Goblin whipped out another of his bat like blades, ripped the face-shield off of the Midnight Racer’s black motorcycle helmet, and-
“Um.  Hi-”  Peter blinked, half surprised at being suddenly promoted to ‘associate’, and half trying to figure out why meeting a semi-old-guy who used to be Tony’s butler back in
“Get up,” Steve ordered.
Steve waited, listening.
Tony took to the air again, saw a girl fall off the nearer line, and stopped himself from catching her in a suit hot enough to peel off skin -just- in time.  Tony whipped a quick loop upwards, flew down through the cold stream of one of the fire hoses, and caught the girl with barely ten feet to spare.  He had, he judged, about three seconds before the reflexive fear-of-falling grip gave way to the ow-hot-metal letting go, but that was more than enough time to speed-brake and drop his charge off into the arms of a waiting fireman.
He was- w-
War Machine met him eyeslit to eyeslit, using a slight power-up of the red indicator lights within his helmet to create the impression of a glare.
Tony screamed, and shuddered against the mattress, and pressed his forehead against the creased, damp sheets.  He felt his fingers slip and twist between Steve’s, still held fast.  He saw a white base-four linear fractal before his closed eyes, with a yellow center.
Tony shifted across Steve’s lap impatiently, and pressed his forehead against the top of the blonde’s shoulder, eyes shut.  He -hated- that he couldn’t do much yet.  If he could just concentrate, just-
Visual contact HAD to be maintained at all times, or-
Another problem was that if his life as Tony Stark was examined in detail, the names ‘Peter Parker’ and ‘Steve Rogers’ would come up very quickly.
Tony floated like a dandelion seed on the last layer of the Earth’s atmosphere that was thick enough for his bootjets to compress for upward flight.
“Hiya.  Nice speech, but we’ll need you to say alllll that again, in front of a grand jury.”
Pause.
Steve could at least handle himself, and Tony trusted that whatever paper trail the DOD had set out behind him would hold water like the Hoover
“Smart move,” Iron Man told him.
“He’s a scientist?”  Peter guessed.
It was scorched, warped in places and disjointed from what looked like something in the center blowing up and burning, but what the thing -had- been was chillingly clear.  Hover-pads on the exposed underside, manta-wing silhouette exaggerated with wickedly sharp fairings along the leading edge…
Steve looked over questioningly, then corrected his gaze an inch or so higher for the extra height Tony’s roller-skate wheels gave him.
Steve was out cold beside him, lips slightly parted, the arm that wasn’t around Tony curled up above his head.
The Iron Horse Garage, 4:55 PM.
Luke demanded, loud enough that the sound distorted in Tony’s earphones.
Tony said, with what sounded like satisfaction.
“I have to-”
He let his finger off the button, and just… stood for a moment.
“It’s a guessing game, Peter.  It’s a horrible, unfair, and -deadly- crapshoot.  You just… think of all the logical contributing factors you can, think about the personalities involved, and who they are
Tony didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
“Tony-”
He liked drawing things with his finger on the bathroom mirror, and going down the street for a carton of milk, and really getting to
Tony slid a hand into Steve’s soft, long-banged hair, and flexed his fingers, smiling.
He glanced down without moving, and stroked his thumb across the skin of Tony’s shoulder.  Tony sighed inaudibly and settled in again, more bonelessly than before, if such were possible.  He felt good there.  Relaxed, but solid.
“LAST STOP, SUCKAH!”  Luke snarled, turning the open-sided vehicle ninety degrees and giving it a good shake.
And it seemed to be-
His -family-.
“You have to understand what it’s a part of, and I don’t just mean me,” Steve said calmly, raising Tony’s arms up by the wrists.
that…?”
to be, without an arc reactor to power it.
“It is,” Steve told him, evenly.
Tony reported.
Tony snagged a thick manila envelope out of the bottom of the mess, and set it aside.  Together, they sorted through the rest.  Three letters were to Tony personally, Iron Man had four care of the Avengers and one care of Tony, there was one disreputable tabloid speculating on whether Tony had left Iron Man for War Machine… and the remainder of the mail was mostly bills and advertisements.  A surprising number of bills, addressed to a business that had ceased to exist over two weeks ago…
… thank you.”  Tony took the helmet from him, “-seriously, Steven.  Thank you.”
?”  Iron Man shouted back.
The Racer fell.
“No idea,” Steve replied, looking up from his newspaper with amusement.
Something was happening here.  Something big.  He could feel it coming like he’d felt the long shadow of the Cuban missile crisis…
.  Steve’s kind of a health nut, and he’s determined to drag the rest of us down with him.”
“Do you want a drink?”  Tony asked.
“Don’t be a hero,” she kissed him then, hands cupping his face, and rising slightly on tiptoe to meet him at eye level. “-Just
Peter hesitated.
With the Mark IV, he’d finally gotten the internal shock-absorption and padding system figured out, which meant he no longer had to live in a fading tattoo of mechanically-shaped bruises, or keep
“…Kind of like a clay pot shattering in a kiln?”  Peter guessed.
Lt. Grady demanded.
began, and the red and yellow jukebox’s gleaming face separated into three pieces.  The half-circle at the top pivoted upwards, and the bottom halves swung apart sideways.
Photographs.
“It does that,” Steve nodded wryly.
he began when he came back on,
“But SHIELD could still totally arrest you for having these plans, right?”  Peter pressed.
The backs of his fingers just tracing her, mapping the sweet curves of her upturned ass.
Steve stood, and examined some of the eclectic clutter on the garage walls.
The roof of the World Trade Center’s south tower, 9:38 PM (same night).
“Don’t take this the wrong way boss, but were you still drunk when you made them?  Because after that caper incident, I-” Peter began.
“Morgan…  -oh who am I kidding, this has the Queen of the Goths written all over it…  Hm.  Wonder if Sunset’s made a play for War Machine by now?”
He would leave such a mark here… such a stain on the pavement of their minds that would never wash clean.
“Likewise,” Jarvis agreed kindly, as if Peter’s deer in the headlights moment earlier hadn’t happened.
“Hm,” Tony considered, “-could be.  C’mere, kiss.”
“I got egged in my armor once,” Tony nodded.
“Well-”
Tony’s part in the fall was disturbingly boneless.
“Melting microchips,” Tony replied, without looking up.
Luke Cage’s apartment over the Gem Theater, 9:20 AM (same day).
“Want me to make anything?”
“Yeah, that’s the one,” Harry agreed, meeting his eye.
“What?  What’s this-!”  The Red Skull tore the webbing from his face, and attempted to regain his grip on Peter’s ankle again, this time denting in a section of the wall behind it.
“Peter-?”
“…Come back to me, Captain,” Steve was saying.
“Well, it’d be fun to see Iron Man get his can kicked, but the Goblin’s fuckin’ dangerous, ya know?”  The thug admitted, with a grin that showed a gleam of gold on the right hand side.
“-Tony.”
“He has his moments,” Tony shrugged.
“I…”  Peter began.
Tony gave the machine an exasperated look, and sighed through his nose.
No weapons or external-source energies, Tony’s scans told him.
“Sorry, I don’t kiss and tell.  Can I have my supplies now?”
Tony stopped beside the stove, put a hand around the back of Steve’s neck, and kissed him firmly, eyes shut.
“…How many more have you found?”  Steve asked, straightening.
Avengers Tower, upper living room, 6:23 PM (same day).
“You want me to draw something for you?”
“Yes.  And so long as people are still free to
Steve was halfway to the door when it opened, and he stopped short, momentarily at a loss for words.
Steve heard the clank of heavy boots in the hall outside, and put War Machine’s file out of sight.  He steepled his fingers, and waited.
Peter watched the images on the silent television screen change, saw the night before, and himself swinging from building to building, a thin fragment of flitting black silhouetted against the solid red-orange block of flames…
And then it -was- over, and Steve’s forehead and nose were resting against the curve of back of his neck, and the air in the room felt suddenly cooler.
“Pretty much,” the Falcon nodded, arms folded.
Steve glanced over at the plugged-in arc reactor for a moment, then quickly at the back of his hand as it rested against Tony’s chest.
“I’ll call Spider-man if I need you,” Steve promised, “-I think it was him the Green Goblin was after when he came here anyway.”
Harry was alive, but Harry was -only- alive due to an extraordinary combination of luck and coordination by both War Machine and Tony, apparently completely unscripted.
In the split-second that it took the villain to do so, Peter saw an opening.  He
“How’s Harry?”  Steve asked, joining Peter in the kitchen and opening the refrigerator door.
He raised his hands unsteadily afterwards, still catching his breath, and ran them down over Steve’s smooth, wet hair.
Tony started to write his own name in return, but the pencil lead broke about halfway up the exposed point, so the lines of
The rest of the battle had moved elsewhere, fortunately…
Steve paused, one hand to the small wing by his right ear.
“-What?”  Tony blinked, letting him.
.  The REAL deal.  -Alive.”
Tony picked up the gleaming bead of a cracked capacitor from the handful of parts left on the desk and studied it, frowning thoughtfully.
“…You aren’t cut,” Tony noted, looking down at Steve’s dick appreciatively.
Steve looked at him thoughtfully.
Except the man was like smoke, like he didn’t even exist unless he was out wrecking havoc.  The Green Goblin had had a lair in the past though, and it was a good bet he had one again, -somewhere-…
Steve’s fingers curled around Tony’s collarbone, then slid back down his entire torso along the same path, and traced up the backs of his thighs.
…What the hell had Norman Osborne’s kid been doing in a
Steve’s face hardened in a way Tony -never- wanted to see directed at him, and Steve took off both of his civilian shirts.  Underneath was a glittering expanse of blue scale-mail, with Cap’s white star displayed proudly in the center.  Steve shrugged out of the leather straps of his shield, and set the large disk down against the toolbox beside him.
“Thank you, Captain.  …I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Smart boy,” Tony muttered.  He filled the carafe with water from the tap, and poured it in.
“I believe so,” he decided, nodding his helmet a little.
“Thanks,” she smiled.
It had been candidly physical from the start, and it had lasted for all of about two months.
“Mmm.  You taste like toothpaste.”
The mask flickered, and vanished beneath the illusion of another beautiful woman’s face.
“Yeah, it’s- -it was my father’s,” Tony explained.
“…What were you thinking?  What were you -trying- to do?”  Tony demanded, still shaken.  Steve was probably wearing his scale-mail and leather costume under his street clothes, but still…
His sunglasses had fallen off, and he was looking straight into the clear blue eyes of Captain America for the second time.  And they really -were- blue, like the sky at forty thousand feet, while his…
“Why those gouging, two-faced
He lifted his face off of Steve’s arm carefully and sat, up, putting his feet on the floor.  Hm.  Still wearing his boxers from the day before.  Never a good sign.
“Mm,” Tony nodded slightly, “-go ahead.”
“Um… yes?”  Steve replied hesitantly, from the blanket-roll.
Dyed ostrich feathers, obscuring the view, then moving away to the cadence of swaying hips.  A bouquet of dried roses, standing in a vase at the end of a long make-up table.  The brush of warm, bare shoulders hurrying by him to get to the stage, and the smell of powder, and greasepaint.  The whisper of silk, and the quiet, tight creak of corset-ribs.  Painted lips, and rouged cheeks.  Winking amusement in dark brown eyes outlined with something black, like Cleopatra.
“Dammit, I thought if I put them in the crisper when I went home, he wouldn’t…”  Peter muttered, choosing a banana off the bunch on the counter instead.
“Mrph-mm?”  Peter asked, pointing to Steve’s orange juice.
“Steve-” Tony began, unarmored fingers closing with a soft metallic crunch around a thick handful of scale mail across Steve’s shoulder blade, “…please.”
Tony put his face down against Steve’s neck, inhaled deeply, and nuzzled him through the blanket-roll.
“-Cap…?”  Iron Man managed, when he finished coughing.
They plowed through the top quarter of a telephone pole without pausing, and dug a shallow, thirty-foot gouge in the asphalt of the street beyond before pulverizing the far curb.
“That’s how many repulsor disks I’ve gone through,” Tony replied, without looking up from the paperwork strewn across his battered brown desk.
“Mm,” Tony drank his coffee, and frowned at the images on the news.
“Judging from the offer Titanium Man made me the other day?”  Tony said, raising an eyebrow significantly, “-interesting.”
The tools following him didn’t know who the Midnight Racer was, but if they thought like the Avengers usually did, that wouldn’t even -matter-.
“-Just give it back to me when you’re done,” Cap smiled, coming in and pushing down his cowl one-handed.
“I- I- yeah, I got that part, holy
“Iron Man?  Can you hear me?!”  Steve demanded, shaking him by the shoulder.
Tony shut his mouth, and swallowed.
“Can I see it?”  Steve asked quietly, holding the tab of Tony’s coverall zipper between finger and thumb.
“Roger that, boss,” Peter grinned, and disappeared upstairs.
“Harry Osborne,” the kid offered gamely, shaking Tony by the hand, “-Peter’s told me so much about you…”
“Hnn…”  Tony whimpered, kneading Steve’s shoulders encouragingly.
Tony grinned, and slid off of Steve to the side, letting him up.
Huh, thought Tony,  -Captain America- was the one who actually brought his motorbike in.
“Hello, ahh… ma’am?”
Avengers tower communications room, 9:56 AM (same day).
“I like that one,” Steve decided, smiling a little.
Fingers running up through the short, dark hair at the nape of his neck and not quite closing- -a hand under the back of his shirt, migrating without hurry, kneading gently but deeply, strength held back like the glow of a hot-  like the fire-
“Ouch,” Peter acknowledged, quietly.
Peter took a breath, and shut his eyes.
“…You do have a refrigerator with food in it somewhere, right?”  Steve asked.
Steve gave him a
Tony probably wouldn’t like being thought of as a…
Tony looked up.
“And most of all, you have to know what it feels like… on,” Steve finished, and put his hands on Tony’s shoulders.  Then softly, “-put your arms down.”
Neither of the other two seemed to be surprised by the sight of Iron Man’s unmasked face, Cap noticed, so it was a good bet the three of them had worked together before.
“A- -are you trying to record something?”
“Oh don’t give me
Tony sank back down, shut his eyes, and sighed through gritted teeth.
“Well… -You want the Green Goblin, you can
Quicksilver ran over to read the record’s label momentarily, sniffed dismissively, then vanished elsewhere without comment, satisfied that no-one had purloined one of his records.
How he’d gotten the beast down he still didn’t know.
Fury looked up, and met his eyes levelly.
“HEY-!”  Tony objected, grabbing for them.
“Hmm…”  Peter frowned, chin in hand.
Peter stopped.
, the note said.
“…Will you go to bed with me?”  Tony asked, smiling a little and plucking at one of the large flat buttons on Steve’s coat.
Sharon’s lovely lips thinned a little.
Tony asleep on the couch in far better light, worn black boots crossed over one armrest, face hidden beneath a folded newspaper.
Danny sat on the new hardwood floor just off the edge of the lounge corner rug, legs folded in a challenging meditation pose.
“Hey,” said Steve, unconsciously lowering his voice as if he was in a library.
Times Square, NYC, 2:40 PM (same day as the Centralia bombing).
“So,” Tony began briskly, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet and folding his arms, “-what the hell happened?”
“…The guy who dropped it off never-” Tony blinked and broke off, turning, “-yeah?”
A shot of Tony that was mostly shadows, dominated by the cold blue-orange flame of the welding torch in his hand.
“You’re welcome,” Tony smirked.
Iron Man stood in the rain of an open fire hydrant, boots apart on the wet concrete, arms held slightly up away from his sides.  He tipped his face up, eyes shut, and let the water rinse the caked ash off his clear (now slightly warped)  Plexiglas eye shields.  There were muffled voices all around him, but for the moment all the fires were out, and the whirr of his suit’s internal cooling fans was the sweetest sound on Earth.
An elderly Chinese lady on a bus, her hair rolled up in a severe hairdo secured by a pair of long wooden chopsticks.
All known or referenced songs on Tony’s jukebox at the time of its destruction:
“You don’t have to be.  Norman Osborne is messed up, not dead.  Besides, can you imagine the
“You too, Steve.”
His mind wandered, and he saw other cities.  He saw a canyon with sheer walls.  A silver twin-engine fighter plane chasing clouds like a high-speed flechette round.  Tall, silent monoliths of neon, wavering in the rain.  A glowing subway map, and a hundred, a thousand fluxuations of weight and momentum sparking back along the tracks…
Then Tony’s hands were braced hard around Steve’s upper arms, palms slipping with sweat, and he was arching down, back,
He was slick motion, and liquid, living metal.
“Harry-!”  Peter began, worried.
“UPSTAIRS, critic,” Tony growled, flipping him off in the general direction of the kitchen.
Steve bent his head, and nuzzled Tony through his boxers.  It was a careful movement, all barely-contacting warmth, and the scratch of his own pale five o’clock shadow against thin cotton, and a darkly complex scent that made him harder, and suddenly thirsty.
They both froze.
Then they both went for it, but Peter got there first.  He set his back
“Things could get really ugly for a while-” Tony began.
badly.
“No, it’s just- -good to see you.”
“Yes Peter, he did,” Tony smiled.
succeeded.  Tony shot him an annoyed look, and changed direction on him with abrupt skill.
“Peter, Tony, Tony’s roommate Steve, and Aunt May.  -Oh, and there was a blonde lady in a suit here earlier, but she left,” MJ listed.
Tony looked his shaken team over.
Luke took a stride back from their captives, and looked.  The repairs to the Manhattan Bridge were nearly complete, but the part under construction was lit at night, and- …nothing.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony smirked, “-but I’m glad no one got hurt.”
Tony let it go for three rings, then put down his soldering iron and picked up on the fourth ring.
Tony took two steps back, and closed an armored fist around the barrel of the helicopter’s fifty-cal door gun.
No, FUCK that, he was
He’d learned that her sister Sharon, the lovely agent thirteen, had joined SHIELD for the express purpose of… well… stalking him, and that Nick Fury had figured it out months ago and decided to
“Peter, you’re a chemist.  Silver Nitrate is terrible for you, and so is Cadmium, Potassium Hydroxide-”
He licked his lips, put the bottle down on the floor to his left, then reached back into the back of the jukebox for a black rectangular device about the size and shape of a lunchbox.  It looked like a large multimeter, except that no multimeter he’d ever seen used test leads as thick as the red and black plugs that lay coiled on top of this one.  There was a large red button on top of the device too, and Tony’s eyes flicked over it nervously as he unrolled the twin leads.
Then he smiled.
Tony pressed back down into the kiss he’d inadvertently broken, drawing Steve out, demanding -full- participation and making sure the other man had very little time to think.  Just in case.
Iron Man’s repulsor ray hit Unicorn dead center, and knocked him back into a stack of empty blue barrels.  A laser blast passed smoking through one ricocheting barrel, and shattered the warehouse windows above Iron Man’s head, bathing him in flying glass.
Tony replied quickly.
“Oh yeah,” Tony nodded, looking up again, “-they’ll milk this for as long as they can, but it’s over.  …I’m sorry,” he ran a hand back through his sleep-spiked hair.
Peter sighed philosophically, and bent down to dig through the small compartment of his backpack, ignoring them.
“Not a
-It felt more natural to talk to Harry face to face, somehow.
“Spider Man,” Peter blurted out, taking Steve’s hand and shaking it happily.
But War Machine’s obscure loyalties didn’t erase the fact that he’d succeeded in -finding- the Green Goblin, nor the fact that he’d probably saved Harry’s life that afternoon.
“I’m asking you to make a decision,”  Steve said flatly,  “-you can level with me about what your real commitments are and take your responsibilities as an Avenger seriously, or you can get out.”
Iron Man heard the pilot telling the door-gunner to fire over his helmet radio, and knew that he’d been right.
“Well you sure are yellow!”  Fury snarled.
“-What?”  Peter asked, “-I’m making eggs.”
“What?”  Tony blinked.
“…That’s a selling point, isn’t it?”  Tony guessed.
“Custer, this had better not be you,” he warned.
“Yes, why wouldn’t I be?”  Steve asked, perplexed.
“That… did just happen, didn’t it?”  Said Peter, carefully.
Tony shut his eyes.
Unlike every suit of armor Tony had built since the fateful Mark I, the Mark VIII was designed to take down one specific opponent.
“Well, since you’ve already seen my face without the cowl you may as well call me Steve,” Steve offered, extending his hand.
“Jarvis, this is my associate Peter Parker.  Peter, Edwin Jarvis.”
“Yes,” Tony sat up, and rested his elbows on his knees.
“How’s Peter?”
Tony’s head came up, and struck the underside of a classic truck’s hood with completely unnecessary force.
“Congratulations,” Peter read over top of the sheaf of paper, “-your garage is a total loss.”
Steve’s loft, 6:48 AM (same day).
“Hey base, this is Iron Man.”
Up through streets with buildings so high they hid the winter sun.  Past steaming grates in the curb, and the shadowed hulks of dumpsters.  Down, to where the streets were brighter, and the light revealed truths that were ugly.  Broken pavement, broken windows, broken people.  They knew him here.  Tony sometimes came to the pawn shops casing for re-usable parts or tools.  He was known.  Familiar.  One of them, neither predator nor prey.
“Scared?”  Hank asked.
“No, he’s-
Ghost flowers.  Maybe start over.  Do them all like that, just outlines and details, without substance.  Pour out the water and wait a day or two, and paint in the colors of what was left of the bouquet then.  Death, below an after-image of life.
The Mark VIII would have many of the improvements of its predecessors, but one or two would be conspicuously absent, and certain plates in the arms and shoulders had been subtly thickened and contoured around an entirely
“Hang on.  T- top drawer-” Steve managed, “-I’ll get it…”
Tony examined the side-gate that had come unlatched.  A little bit corroded from the rain, the gate’s latch hadn’t fully closed.  Tony played with the catch, wiggling it back and forth a few times until it worked, at least for the moment.
Matt smirked and left to go on patrol, leaving the radio playing.
“Come on, you know what I mean…  They’re
“…You had better have a
Jerome got up, and the two of them looked out over the city for a while.
continued to play, and Tony crammed all the pieces of his armor inside.  All except for…
“Three?”  Peter guessed, “-I mean, this would be my third one.  The coffee’s really good here, you should try it.”
Peter clung to the warm shadowed wall beneath a nearby office building’s side ventilation duct, and watched the lurking silhouette above him silently.  Something like a small weapon on War Machine’s left shoulder had suddenly come to life, tracking.  Had he seen the Goblin?  Why wasn’t he reporting it?  Peter’s Spider-comm. remained silent… though admittedly, right across from the north tower’s massive radio antenna was not the best place to send a clear transmission…
“…I knew it,” he sighed happily, eyes still closed, “-it’s
Tony smiled, and picked it up between finger and thumb.  Still bright, after all these years.  The yellow metal was covered with a coating of minute scratches, and the old-fashioned styling felt heavy and solid in his hand.  Tony didn’t have a pocket at the moment, so he put it on his right ring finger.
“-I love how you
Steve hugged him close, and kissed the side of Tony’s neck just below his ear.
“Dodged the bullet on that one…”  Tony snorted, “-no empire is worth
“There is a matter of payment where payment is due…”  Peter reminded him.
“Acknowledged.”
Some of them -were- now in the positions of power they had set out to claim.
position, come to think of it…
“I’ll come back down and get it as soon as you’re in bed,” Steve promised.
Now that they were all necessarily on the same team, the helicopter’s handling improved remarkably.  They couldn’t outrace the two fighter jets that were bearing down on them, but Hawkeye made things unpleasant for the jets with flare arrows, and Iron Man fired a canister of chaff at them.  Some of the shredded metal got sucked into the lead jet’s starboard engine, which instantly died in a stalled-out burst of thick black smoke, and forced him to abandon the chase.
”  Harry managed, looking up at Tony with a hurt expression.
“First cousins on his father’s side,” Steve translated.
causing collateral.”
“I know- -I’m going back for him,” Harry assured her.
Tony seized his helmet, and put it back on.
The Mark V had been in some ways a stylistic throwback to the Mark II, but he’d returned to the hinged plate rather than telescoping design to allow for the use of a hollow-ceramic microbead alloy that could take almost
Tony took a breath, forcibly, and slid down the wall to his knees on the cool concrete floor.  The rear edges of his leg-armor dug into the backs of his knees at this angle, but he could barely even feel it, reaching determinedly into a hinged matte-black plate on the back of the jukebox.  His fingers felt heavy.  Numb.  He found the end of the power cord he needed more from memory than anything else, and half-turned so he could lean back against the wall.
“-It’s still an energy source, boss,” Peter argued.
when it’s true,” Tony nodded.
…the rest of us were born…
THIS, he would need a drink for.
“Oh,” Tony swallowed, “-okay.”
Tony broke off with a yell, firing his jetboots at full power and zigzagging upwards in an evasive maneuver.
“There’s somebody flying around near that bridge,” Danny pointed, focusing far out over the glassy black water of the harbor.
Tony looked up, the shadows beneath his eyes from the night before somehow having deepened.
He was flying low, below the level of the New York skyline, and barely faster than the cars on the street over a dozen stories down.
Harry and Tony looked up, equally surprised.  Peter, whose Spider-sense had given him a second longer to think about it, looked over at the heart monitor.
Peter told him cheerfully, and vanished off the channel.
“-Yes?”  Tony blinked.
“Ah… excuse me?” Peter stared.
“What happened?”  Tony asked, quickly.
Peter walked up the wall onto the ceiling, and let himself down on a slowly-spun web line right above Tony.
“M’sorry, man,” Harry said, shutting his eyes, “-you can web, right?  Or… take a bus?”
“Mmm,” Harry agreed, thoughtfully.
Okay, plan ‘B’.
Tony clapped him on the back cheerfully, shuffled the coffee-stained papers together into a rough stack, and slapped them into Peter’s hands.
“Yeah, Reed fixed that sucker but
,” Ben nodded, “-we got ‘im in a jar in the back if ya wanna see…”
“Long enough for Cap to call me
“Two more of the Goblin’s gliders, and… part of a machine we don’t understand at all.  We’re also standing on a
The bike was beautiful, of course.
“Less than forty-eight hours ago.  Why do you ask?”  Tony asked.
Okay, this could be worse, it was just a dummy system.  No motion-tracking hardware, and nine times out of ten the signal fed only into a videotape in the security room, wherever that was.  Or there could be an insomniac security guard who worked for the Maggia and was on the phone blowing his identity right now.  One never knew.
Matt Murdock’s apartment, Hell’s Kitchen NYC, 10:10 PM.
“Yes Spider, it does,” Tony told him.
The ruins of the Iron Horse Garage, 10:10 AM.
“Yes?”  MJ looked back.
art, but I think I’ve caught one or two of my still-life compositions trying to crawl away,” Harry laughed.
They grappled in near-silence, a battle of wills, sinew, and oxygen.  Tony’s desperate choking, gurgling sounds as his fingers tried to claw under the chain that barred his throat, and the fetid yet recognizably human growl heating the back of his right ear in harsh, determined pants as the chain was pulled tighter…
…He didn’t do it, though.
“Thanks again for earlier,” Jerome said, offering Iron Man his hand.
Then, reluctantly, he reached up and disengaged the locks at the base of his heavy gray helmet, lifting it off.
“I saw him web you out of the way just before that marquee fell,”  Harry nodded,  “-I swear I think I my heart stopped-
C-12   (dunno, but you can dance to it)    ?
“That’s a mouthful.”
“No, all of you.  Take this list, and run down to the ‘Pho Tigers Garden’.  It’s that place on- -Peter, you know.”
They hadn’t been face to face like this since the day Jarvis had come forwards with a warning about Sunset Bain and been fired for his troubles, and though he and Tony had patched things up through a series of letters after Tony’s return from Vietnam…
“Come on, let’s have it, who are you going after now?”
Then everything in the room -stopped-.
Nobody was looking at him though.  Those who had noticed his presence in the hallway at all had just seen him repair the coffee machine, so he was a worker, and therefore invisible.
War Machine reached up, and touched the dark, broken face of the beam-projector in the center of his chestplate with his thickly armored fingers, exploring the damage.
“Jarvis, you made it!”  Tony cried happily, waving his guest inside, and instantly looping an arm around his shoulders.
Pause.
“Get that camera outta my face, boy,” Luke advised.
He couldn’t smell much of anything, except maybe… pancakes.
Captain.
A dog of uncertain breed, wearing a frayed camouflage bandanna, and sticking it’s wet black nose right up towards the camera.
Tony raised the plug, and held it at the entrance of the arc’s left power socket.  He took two quick deep breaths; eyes wide open and focused on the garage door, and plugged in.
“Aren’t you going to do anything about him?”  Peter pointed out the open doorway towards a tiny triangular shape caught in a flat spin.  Both the jet’s engines were dead.
MJ didn’t argue that one.
“Relax.  I won’t throw anything else,” Tony promised.
“Carol does, actually…”  Wanda told him, lightly.
“Any truth to that?”  Warbird asked, raising an eyebrow.
“That’s what -I- said,” Peter began, “-but he’s kind of- -distracted.  I mean, obviously…”
There had been a time to ask questions, and that hadn’t been it.
Blonde hair shining gold in the natural lighting up near the entrance, Steve was talking with The Falcon (Sam Wilson, since they were both out of costume) and sketching one of the garage’s more permanent customers.  He was an easygoing older man with slicked back steel-gray hair, a well-worn black leather vest, and a pair of brown-lensed aviator shades.  …How Steve had talked the man into sitting for him Tony wasn’t sure, but he found himself smiling anyway.
“He’s not coming back anytime soon, is he,” Tony stated.
“You scared the hell out of me,” Steve said simply, and pulled him into a hug.  “-When you didn’t answer your radio- …I thought you were dead.”
Dammit.
Steve was.
“OW!!!- -god… hangonasecond…”  Tony staggered back a step, and held onto the corner of the engine compartment with one white-knuckled hand until he could open his eyes again.
He saw assorted hubcaps, hanging coils of thick copper electrical wire, a framed poster of a B-24 bomber in flight, a perfect steel gear the size of a dinner-plate, and several mechanical parts that didn’t seem to go to -anything-.  There was a classic hot-rod calendar, heavily annotated in black permanent marker… one scrawl, written sideways on the picture and carefully avoiding the pinup-car itself, looked like some form of complex mathematical notation.
“Peter, no knowledge is actually -bad-, it’s just in how people use it.  I don’t use other people’s designs without permission unless I absolutely have to, but obviously it’s still a good idea to understand the technology that’s out there,” Tony explained, reasonably.  “-There’s nothing illegal in
“It’s been a rough day and a half,” Steve cut him off, reclaiming Tony’s hand, “-and I think I know what that high voltage box downstairs is for anyway.”
There.
Pause.
“I won’t try that again,” Steve promised, loosening his hold.
“That was Iron Man.  He’s pretty sure he can stabilize the damage to the buildings on Wall Street, but he says he’ll need to break down the Manhattan Bridge for spare parts.”
Steve nodded, and coughed some more, sleeve held across his mouth self-consciously.
Correcting that asymmetry would mean either re-manufacturing the plasma ionization ring, or creating another one from scratch.  Simple enough.  The real problem lay in switching out the old ring for the new, because he couldn’t disconnect the arc from his chest while it was still in operation without being reduced to a pile of carbon cinders by the resulting electrical discharge.
“…And me,” Steve finished, a little consciously.
Peter trailed off.
“Never mind, just give this note to Khan when you get there,” Tony assured him.
and… You wing it.  And then you fucking pray.”
Peter clipped the last of his drying photographs to the web-line he’d strung back and forth across the bathroom ceiling, and switched out the red light bulb for a regular one to examine them.
“You should go clean up upstairs,” he said, letting go and taking Tony’s arm instead.
“Look, this isn’t complicated,” Tony grinned, “-you sort out my books until I can make enough of a profit on this place that I can pay you.  Until then, I’ll make you breakfast.”
Iron man asked, over an ominous crackle of electricity.
“Any time,” Tony replied, with a slight smile.
“So that’s a yes?”  Steve grinned, folding his arms around Tony’s chest, shield and all.
“No, but Daredevil said to tell you Elektra and She-Hulk are running down a lead in Washington,” Steve replied, pausing near the doorway.
He sharpened them, releasing the scent of graphite, charcoal, and cedar.
“But-”
That pretty much compounded the list of things he hadn’t meant for Steve to walk in on, but it didn’t matter now anyway…
“Yeah, we did,” Tony agreed.
“Ah.  Late night, huh?”  Peter smirked, “-does this mean I can finish the frozen waffles upstairs?”
“Bit by radioactive spider, remember?  And if it’s so unsafe, why do -you- keep it in there?”  Peter countered.
“Tony, it’s -Tuesday-.  I only have that class on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.”
He could have taken apart the radio in the kitchen or the common room and fixed both helmet-radios, but even before dealing with Hank Pym, he hadn’t quite been willing to go there.  Yes the Avengers had resources, but tapping into them came with a price that had nothing to do with money, a price in acknowledged weaknesses, and… memories.
Tony hit the Green Goblin and knocked him off his glider, slamming the villain upwards thirty feet above the skyline and catching him by the back of his tattered purple tunic…
He ran a hand back through the sweaty wreck of his hair, and sighed.
…Which I always thought was unfair, because I’m sure she would’ve looked great without it, and the color didn’t work with her tanned skin tone at all…”  Tony rambled.
At least Peter wouldn’t be coming in today…
“C’mon, man, let the capes dust ‘im so we don’t have to,” Paulie argued.
times…"  Tony promised, grinning.
He was useless.  Again.  Right when he could no longer afford to be.
Tony half propped himself up on one elbow and read over Steve’s knee, squinting against the glow of the bedside lamp.
…”  Peter paused, “-wait, isn’t- -you’re related to Morgan Stark?
“-Only made it to PFC, myself,” Steve said, turning back towards the picture.
“Would you mind?”  Tony grinned, hopefully.
Tony’s bedroom, 8:20 PM (next day)
“’Fraid so, kid.  You ain’t much skinnier’n  butane-breath though, an’ that gown ain’t your color.  Hangonnasecond…”  Ben began rummaging in a cabinet on the wall, pulling out sweatpants and other workout gear in various sizes.
C-11   Wichita Lineman            Glenn Campbell
Tingling, like champagne bubbles along the surface of his skin.  Heat that his body couldn’t contain.  Steve’s hands, plying him.  Stroking, and anchoring him.  Trying to help, and -fucking- their rhythm, and then
“Yes sir,” Steve replied, flatly.
Iron Man shouted back.
“Is he more
Harry -did- catch it, a difficult catch for someone with normal reflexes, and partially sedated it should have been flat-out impossible.
“That’s a terrific way to start,” Tony smiled, and held out his Coke.  Steve tapped his Coke against Tony’s, and they both drank.
Tony frowned slightly at the LCD screen of the device in his hand.  He hadn’t meant
“It’s a dangerous business, going out your door…”  Tony quoted, coffee mug in hand.
“You gotta go?”  Jerome guessed.
“-It’s a lot easier to tell someone who you are when you’ve both got powers, isn’t it?”  Peter said, shrewdly.
The Baxter Building, 5:25 AM.
“-Yeah, thanks for covering for me.”
“I could make a case f’r either one,” Tony sighed, leaning back happily.
The empty town outside the helicopter was still unchanged, ominously peaceful like the moment before a dream turned into a nightmare.
Tony waved back, but he stayed where he was.
“I… I’ve always gone on the theory that the less my friends and family, you know, the civilian ones, knew about my caped crusades, the safer they would be, but um… it doesn’t always work out that way.”
“What do you mean?”  Peter asked.
The Iron Horse Garage, 10:20 AM.
“CEASE this, you infernal
“Well, I… wasn’t sure if War Machine would be able to pick that up,” Peter admitted.
“Here you go,” Wanda smiled warmly, and handed the record to him in its cardboard sleeve.
“Wait- you’re still in New York City?”  Tony asked, quickly.
Tony made his way into the kitchen, finally found the light switch, and started some coffee brewing.  …Even the first
“Friends help you move,” Peter quoted philosophically, “-
“Danny Rand, what
There was a slight squelch of static, and a metallic clink from one of Ozzy’s rings as he took the mic back.
The sun had set into a red haze behind the city skyline.
Tony shut his eyes and sighed, considering.
Steve knew
“Okay, I think it’s time for the two of you to leave,” she decided, polite but firm.
“Yeah, yeah, and then you LOST the son of a bitch!”  Fury snarled, cutting him off quickly lest Spider-man go over the entire battle blow by blow …
Harry, slumped in the leather chair by the right hand set of glass double doors, looked up over his shoulder quickly, as if startled.
Steve cleared his throat a little, reddening.
to be a rush or a woman as sharp as Jan wouldn’t still be
About two minutes later, the deep purr of Steve’s motorcycle pulled up to the garage, and stopped.  Tony raised the garage door by hand, and a little light spilled out.  Steve was in civvies again, but not by much.  He’d pushed the cowl of his costume down, and buttoned on a long tan trench coat over everything else so that only the red boots showed.  Tony thought the look screamed ‘secret agent’, but didn’t comment.
“Gee, tell me how you
“You’re Tony, right?  Peter’s boss?”
Steve sat down at the table across from him, steaming coffee cup almost hidden behind the circle of his fingers.
Tony fell silent.
“You have a -very- high morphine tolerance,” she stated, looking at Harry hard.
“…Hnnnh?”  Tony demanded his breathing uneven.
“Right, here, boss.”
Tony smiled then.  It started slow and devious at either corner of his mustache, and spread into a look of such smug complacency that Peter actually retreated up his web line about half a foot.
Iron Man guessed, calmly.
“Uh-huh,” Tony responded absently, tilting a gooseneck lamp closer to disconnect Misty’s tactile pressure feedback sensors.
Nothing really came to him.
Tony knew that whether the man the Avengers had found had been the real Captain America or not, the government was probably already re-writing him.
“Yeah, I’ve seen the Goblin out a few times- -not today, though.  I’ve seen you, your best pal War Machine, The Human Torch, Spider-Man
“-Fuck-…”  Tony gasped.
“F$*#! off…”
“No, I- -not yet.  I want to, uh…”  Steve blushed deeply.  He was getting really, really angry with himself.
Tony looked up from his search beneath the couch cushions with annoyance, and froze for a moment, paling visibly.
“Hey, wacchit, Mac!”  A collection of cardboard boxes rebuked him.
more than it was actually combusting, so he couldn’t get good compression.”
“I love you,” Tony said decidedly, then more to himself, “-how the hell did I
Steve lay back, and gathered Tony’s head against his shoulder.  Tony scooted in a little closer, and felt the power cord pull straight against his chest.
Two armored targets attacking, one soft target running, and this Goblin had -still- attacked the one target he could blood easily.
“Those things are picturing us on a sesame seed bun,” Peter observed, uneasily.
Tony lowered his voice to a murmur, and added,
“It’s- -been a long week,” Tony pointed out, vaguely.
Little more than a closet full of stacked videotape decks, all recording, and a shelving unit.
“You entered the building over half an hour ago,” Tony told him, eyes shut.
radio silence.  Curiouser and curiouser.  Lots of small arms, two shotguns, a- -
, he decided, and half-ran downstairs.
The coffee machine was not working.
Peter poured himself a glass of milk by the blinding light of the refrigerator, and slumped into one of the seats at the kitchen table.  He pulled off his mask, and drank.
“-Why breakfast?”  Steve asked, leaning his hip slightly against the kitchen counter to Tony’s left, and folding his arms.
“…Better?” he whispered, after a while.
They exited the chopper one by one, half the often-disavowed New York hero underground called out and mobilized in this, the East Coast’s darkest hour.
“…Uh… yeah!  Gotta go, thanks, bye!”  Peter said, taking the roll-up from him and vanishing back down the stairs.
“Look me in the eyes,” Steve ordered, suddenly standing -very- tall in front of him.
“No, things are fine, but I got a question for you,” Tony said, still talking to himself.
“So,” Tony said casually, “-what do you think?”
The ballsy son of a bitch had actually… stayed.
The tampering might be discovered -someday-, but not anytime soon, and what would it really tell them if blank tapes from a month ago -were- discovered?
“Is Peter still on the phone?”  Tony asked.
where he wanted to be, until they were both spent, pooling together, breathing hard in the quiet of this new and unfamiliar room, that didn’t handle the soft echoes quite right.
, there were two of them now, buzzed sharply and dive-bombed Tony’s face.
.  Apparently Reed has dimension travel figured out in at least four different timelines, and get this- -this book wasn’t even written by the Reed Richards from THIS reality… he just edited a copy one of his
“A fantasy novel?” Steve asked, interested.
Erratic flickers and darts of pale light could be seen from time to time, but little else.
“…Who’s that?”  Whitney asked, sleepily.
He squared his shoulders and walked out onto the uneven ground where the Iron Horse Garage used to stand.  Near the center there was a fused patch of gritty glass, worn almost clean by the wind and cold spring rain.  Tony stopped in the middle of it, and in a single motion, dropped his right knee and shattered the ground with his fist in a glittering explosion.
“Anyway, the owner hasn’t been able to rent this place out since the ‘Sons of the Serpent’ were arrested here, but it’s not like they scare -me-, so it all worked out great.”
How many would resent him for not sharing?  How many would stop giving him information on general principle?  How many would give him that look… like they’d never seen him before?
“I’m startin’ ta think
Instead he turned in midair, leaning sideways casually until the cushion of compressed air slipped out from beneath his boots and he began to fell Earthwards, accelerating horribly fast.  He began to feel lightheaded again, and shut off the flow of extra oxygen to the tube in his helmet.  Tony broke mach two as he dived, arms stiff and streamlined at his sides. He watched New York resolve itself out into rivers and land, neighborhoods, individual blocks like tiny squares on a circuit board…
“Hi, Peter-!”  Whitney called, incorrigible.
The Green Goblin was, (insanity aside) just one man with what amounted to a bag of grenades and a standard-issue SHIELD glider… wasn’t he?
Tasting himself on Steve was strange but not unpleasant, a mixture like …hamburgers and raspberry sauce.  Both not bad individually, but he’d never really imagined tasting them
Peter suddenly became aware that he was on eye level with the older man’s mouth, even though Steve was barefoot and he wasn’t.  If anything, Steve with wet hair and a clean white towel wrapped around his waist was
Tony had never gone to a public school, but he’d always sort of wondered about them.
It was far from impossible.
“Oh yeah, she said to thank you for the flowers…”
working for?”  He demanded.
Another shift of her hips, a catch of breath, and a knee drawn up slightly.
Peter considered his boss a moment, and decided to leave him alone.  -Those pancakes
“Is that
Steve asked.
The sun dipped lower, casting the skyline into shadow and flame.
Eggs and tomatoes, how very British.  Jarvis would have approved.
Tony’s bedroom above the Iron Horse Garage, 11:18 PM, 1972.
“..M….mh…!”
Stane International weapons plant, NJ, 6:18 PM.
“Tony said you worked for him, Peter-” Whitney unwittingly interrupted them, “-what is it that you do?”
The entire thought took point two seconds and then Tony was gone again, airborne…
, which was NOT about exploring meditation states, no matter what Danny had been told at the record store…
His cowl
-Thwip-!  “-Hey guys,” Peter said, plopping down onto a mooring bollard.
Iron Man, meanwhile, had just duct-taped a small side-view mirror from the crooks’ getaway truck snugly to the front of Unicorn’s forehead-laser.  He kept a heavy armored boot on Unicorn’s chest, and looked up to see how Spider Man was doing.
Steve’s half-asleep mind took a moment to translate that, but he’d memorized the jukebox’s playlist codes months ago, and D-6 was
Tony magnetically erased the videotapes that might have had his face on them, fixed on the old labels, and stuck them in last month’s tape cases.
“I had a gas mask though,” Steve continued, his voice tight, “-I thought if I fought the Skull- gave Bucky a chance to get the others clear… but the Red Skull had chained the doors from the outside, and I-I didn’t know- and it got quiet.  I thought they must have made it out, but then I stepped back and tripped over a body- his eyes were still open- and then I saw more…”
“Hm?”  Steve blinked.
The Cosmic Cube fell from the wall, and Peter’s next hastily thrown web hit the back of the Red Skull’s hand in just enough time to yank IT away, instead of snagging the cube itself.
“I had a slight billing dispute with one of my customers,” Tony grinned.  “-How was your ride?”
Harry and Peter’s apartment, 7:00 AM (later that morning).
Tony balled up the blanket in question, and threw it at Danny’s head.
He was warmth, and strength, and wave after crashing wave.
“Hi!  Can I come in?”  Steve called, around the edge of the plastic.
“-He says yes,” Tony said, pretending to return to his conversation.
Disused railway yard on the outskirts of NYC, 3:30 PM
“But it’s still ME-!”  Steve blurted out.  “-I mean… not literally, but it… have you ever been hit with small rocks, fruit, eggs-?”
Four black and whites, two unmarked, and a swat van that had all been shrewd enough to assemble quietly in the parking lot behind him sometime in the past two minutes, in
“He pulled rank on us,” Steve said, disgustedly, “-and I had to go along with it, at least publicly.”
War Machine asked, as if he’d been repeating the question for some time.
“Please, please tell me that someone was Nick Fury, because I could really use the blackmail material,” Warbird grinned, one eyebrow raised.
“Yeah, but like I said I webbed, so I just climbed back up.  And then I was freezing and my Spider-comm. was shorted out anyway, so I came here.”
Steve turned the notebook so Tony couldn’t see it, and began sketching.  From time to time he glanced up mischievously, and Tony began to worry that Steve had decided to draw
The alarm clock fell on the floor, still buzzing and now silly-stringed in web.
…But there were days when Steve found himself eyeing the battered Army foot locker where he kept his helmet, and wondering if it would still hold water.
“It’s… heavy,” Tony replied, sounding surprised.
feel the imprint… of the star, at least…
pushed down, though he was in full costume otherwise.
“You are okay, right?”
Together they staggered up, and ran for the exit through a pale haze of shattered marble like everyone else.  Loud over the sound of the blaring building alarms, the Green Goblin was still laughing.
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” Tony said wryly, “-but if you’re hungry, the leftovers are in the skillet…”
“You’re an ass,” Whitney smirked, or at least Tony thought it sounded that way.
“Yes,” Tony nodded.
“NO,” Tony cut him off.
He missed Peter’s nose by a clean inch and a half, though if he’d been wearing a repulsor gauntlet, Peter would have been history.
“No problem Jerome,” Tony smiled, shaking the proffered hand carefully with his own metal-gauntleted one, “-if you see the Green Goblin or the Midnight Racer out again, give the Avengers a call for me, would you?”
Steve’s hand touched his wrist, and Tony could feel the other man’s breath whisper against the back of his neck.  Tony’s unspoken question was lost.
“I’ll do that,” Peter agreed, “do you have a, um, towel or something?”
“Is this why you like the hula girl song?”  Steve teased.
“I -do- pay him, it’s just not much,” Tony shrugged, pouring in the last of the batter.
tell me you’ve been drinking the regular stuff…”
“-Of course I could just pull the security footage…”  Hank continued.
“Actually, there is…”  Steve began.
“So get
Tony turned, slowly.
Steve took out two beer bottles, and handed Tony one of them.  Tony popped the cap off with a practiced twist, drank, and set the bottle down on the concrete floor while he finished putting the rest of his tools away.
“…Are you telling me you’re my bodyguard now?”
An unkempt man with graying hair looked out at him suspiciously from under the edge of the cardboard boxes.  One bloodshot eye closed, and the other seemed to focus more directly on Tony.
“Those were yours?”  Tony frowned.  He slipped a hand around the back of Steve’s neck in a caress without looking.
“I don’t trust War Machine for
Tony paused, spray bottle in hand, staring at his helmet.  It had gone back to playing static again, but- -True Blue?
Tony grinned.  He jumped up, snatched his helmet off the tabletop, did a few dramatic dance moves with it, and kissed it firmly on the faceplate.
“You too,” Steve smiled, “-and I have a feeling we’ll meet again, but right now I should really be getting on the road.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony spotted Norman Osborne.  He hadn’t seen the new technical director of SHIELD in years, not since a party out in the Hamptons about three months before he’d lost control of Stark Industries.  Why was- -Norman stopped to have a few words with Peter’s friend Harry, and everything clicked.  Harry
Pause
No wonder War Machine had caught up with the Green Goblin first.
Pause.
He took out the last retaining screw on one of his arm-guards, and slid the complex workings of the inner sleeve clear of the contoured, red-painted outer cylinder with a hard clank,  “-bet he knows all about ‘substandard equipment malfunction’…”  he set the outer armor sleeve down in it’s place on the plastic-sheeted floor beside him.
“Tony?  Are you all right?”  Steve called through the door.
“Hmmmmmn…”   Steve buried his face in the dark curls just above Tony’s ear, and inhaled deeply, smiling, “-
“It should be.  He was using Colleen’s sword,” Misty told him.
“…You okay?”  He asked, after a long moment.
“Y- -you
Steve shook his head, and made a ‘sit tight’ downwards motion with one hand.
“This is a villain you’re going to have to learn to share,” Tony said, putting a hand on Peter’s shoulder.
They scattered like bowling pins with the impact, and three of them made off into the shadows.  One of the two left spotted a forklift nearby, and scrambled into the driver’s seat, firing up the engine.
Peter’s webline whipped past their heads, snagged the bedside table lamp from the other side of the room, and brought it crashing back against the side of Tony’s opponent’s skull.
THE END.
Tony thought self-consciously.
On a perfect sheet of slippery glare ice though, he
“-MJ?”  Harry blinked, starting to smile.
“You should try painting metal sometime,” Tony suggested, nodding towards the beautiful red Mustang over his shoulder.
, the note said.
so many ice packs in the freezer of the downstairs fridge.  When he’d crossed paths with the Hulk two months later, that upgrade had certainly saved his life…
Tony asked.
“Okay, you saw the moon landing, right?  Once there’s no gravity, astronauts turn their space capsules around with maneuvering jets.  You take the top off the air horn or whatever, point it away from the direction you wanna go, and press the valve so it sprays,” Tony instructed, “-there’s
“Wuz your name?”  The man asked.
“Well obviously it’s not a normal freezer.  I mean, you don’t keep equipment around that you don’t have a use for, and the only thing in that freezer is a half eaten tub of mint-chocolate-chip ice cream, a couple rolls of film, and a bucket of -batteries-…”
“Whoa!”
“I’ve been getting the runaround from a lot of people lately,” Steve said, casting a disapproving glance at his bugged motorcycle, “-and you just gave me a straight answer.”
“It’s
“-And Peter?”  Steve asked, still sounding worried.
“Bye-” Peter raised a hand.
Tony flexed the fingers of his left hand around a fold of the blanket he’d slept on, and inhaled deeply.  The faint scent of desirable woman and complex rose perfume remained.
“I didn’t set this fire, Iron Man.”
Then he let go.
The page at the back looked like the bottom third of it was a check, Tony saw.  He reached over and folded the back page up and sideways along the stapled corner, reading the numbers upside-down.
Iron Man assured him,
Tony’s silence was complete, shocked, and deadly.
“Mmh.  Yeah, I was hoping you hadn’t brought those back yet…”  Tony said, picking them up eagerly.
“…You don’t know I’m kidding, do you?”  Tony said, finally.  His eyes were soft, almost sad.  He reached out, and drew Steve’s head in against his chest, turning onto his back as he did so.  He stroked Steve’s almost-dry hair.  “I wouldn’t ask that.  Either it’s in you, or it isn’t.  Me, I’m always changing… adaptable.  I’ve heard that Turing and DaVinci were the same way, so maybe it comes with the territory.  -And I can’t think of one man on this planet that there’s less shame in bottoming for.”
And… …not even very
“When do you- -not keep secrets?”  Peter asked, vaguely.
“-Sure you will.”
“You’re not going to lie to me at all, are you?”
The song played on, taking darker and darker turns until ‘Iron Man’ became the villain.  It was too bad, Matt reflected.  Tony liked heavy metal, and he was probably listening.  With his hand on the door, Matt’s enhanced hearing caught something else the band’s microphones were picking up that wasn’t -quite static.
Tony unzipped his large black and white duffel bag and fiddled with what sounded like a machine without taking it out of the bag.  Colored lights played along his forearms briefly.  Then he shut the device off, and zipped the bag shut.
Higher until the metal of the armor actually began to feel cold wherever it made contact with his bare skin, higher until the scattered thunderheads were left far behind, and the sky became the inside of a deep cobalt-blue bowl.
Twenty one stitches on his chest and upper arm alone.  Was that lucky or unlucky?  Either way, it would leave one hell of a scar.  Chest-wounds did.  It was less a matter of flexion than it was one of overall tension.  To move, to breathe, to turn at the waist or lift an arm, all these things pulled at the skin, if not the muscles, of the chest.
“Neither am I.”
Straight down off his rocketing hover-board, and straight into the arms of the Green Goblin.
But oh-
“G’wan.  Gittoutta here, then,” Leonard illustrated this order with a vague jerk of his chin, “-yez stumblin’ inta stuff an’ y’ain’t got booze anyway.”
“Oh, then you just liked watching it BURN?”  Tony asked, dangerously.
“Ah… no,” Steve decided uncomfortably, “-can’t you… describe it somehow?”
Tony hooked a couple of fingers into the front collar of Steve’s costume as he did so, and gave Steve a dirty look when he tried to sit up.
Tony had used a stray pair of boxer shorts for his own cleanup, and dropped them elsewhere.
.  …Steve had gone AWOL?
Tony promised, as the magnetic seals of his armor locked around him with a rippling clank.
“You mean what if my shield remembers where it’s been?”  Steve translated, easily.
Tony let his head fall back against the pillows and let out a breath, staring up at the ceiling.
He took out the metal paint tube, and squeezed out a healthy portion onto his first two fingers, smooth and cool and glowing crimson.  This color had a life, a fire the others lacked.  He smeared it across the top of the canvas and down in a quick swan’s neck curve, highlighting feeling rather than form.
“Oh, this-?”  Tony glanced down the front of his nominally white A-line, and tapped the scratched black cover that hid his arc reactor from public view.  “-It’s a battery for my pacemaker.  I took some shrapnel in ‘Nam, and this keeps my heart beating unless I forget to charge it,” he joked.
"It might be good for him, you know,” Steve suggested wryly.
“-Yes, speaking.”
“Oh yeah, are you kidding me?”  Peter hopped down,  “-but the espresso did smell really good earlier, and Wanda put all kinds of stuff in hers, like cream and caramel, and hazelnut syrup, which I think is a European thing, but since-”
,” Tony corrected with annoyance, squeezing past Ben into the room with an unscrupulous use of transistor-powered strength that left a long red scratch in the paint on the door.
with it.
They’d all been gods, on the day they graduated.
Drums marked time intangibly for four quick beats, then crashed into a hard, steady rhythm with the guitar.  The chords cut backwards and forwards through the vocalist’s wordless intro cry, reverberating off the cluttered garage walls.
…And what if- -what if the Goblin learned who Peter was, and came after MJ?
“Do you have any idea what peace is going to be like?  It’s been a while…”  Steve admitted.
Tony had known her the longest of any of them, growing up in the same Manhattan jet-set.  Jan always been there, flitting in and out of Tony’s life in dresses that had made him think as much as stare.  Her first costume with wings had actually been a fairy princess themed tea dress, all sheer pastel-blue gauze and too much glitter.  He remembered it because the wire frames of the translucent wings had been bent in a clever double loop with a back-twist that had somehow made the whole classic design look original.
“No, you don’t have to do that, Tony said it was cool if I-.”
Luke smiled, picked up a length of steel signpost-pipe lying a short distance away, and bound the forklift-driver’s arms to his sides with it.
were probably made instrumentally, yet still reminded him of the beeps of Hank’s lab computer.
“Tony, as long as you’re feeling no pain- -I could really hurt you,” Steve reminded him, evasively.
Several minutes later, Harry was staring at an almost entirely black canvas.
Pause.
“Well, this should be interesting…”  Tony smirked, and ran his tongue along the base of the head.
Tony choked slightly on his coffee.
“Peter…”  Tony paused, stood up, and rubbed his own forehead, “-sit down, will you?”
Suddenly, Tony couldn’t stand not to know.  He retraced his steps.
“All right,” Tony grinned, disengaging, “-did you want to lead this time?”
“You’re welcome, Spider.  Now put your clothes back on,” Tony smiled.
Tony ran his fingers lightly across the scales of Steve’s mail shirt.  At this angle they hung loose, each tiny Duraluminum plate kept from actually pivoting straight downwards by the two scales contacting it from the row above.
“C’mon downstairs,” Tony said, “-I’ll let you out.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Steve replied, shaking hands with him.
Tony snapped his fingers.
the Green Goblin’s firebombing spree, it left another question.
investigation, we’ve been officially told to butt out,”  Steve explained.
Steve closed his book, set it aside, and looked down at Tony thoughtfully.
Tony exhaled within the fragile shell of his helmet, and the cold Plexiglas covering his eye-slits fogged momentarily.  …it was so still up here.  Pristine.  Some people went their whole lives without seeing this…
Luke turned to Danny, standing stock still against the lights of the harbor.
-Fuck-.
He hadn’t handled it well, and Jan had jilted him.
“…Don’t you people have a charter from the city of New York?”  Tony pointed out.
“He thinks Morgan invented it,” said Steve.
“Why don’t you catch a couple hours’ sleep down here, and I’ll wake you up in time for breakfast?”  Tony offered.
That figured, in a weird, karmic-debt sort of way…
“Eh?  Wuzzat then?”  The man asked, with a shadow of curiosity.
Tony grinned, shut his eyes, and sighed unsteadily.
“Fine.  Whatever,” Tony plugged in the soldering iron, and threaded the wiring in another connector while it came up to temperature.
, probably.
,” Tony quoted wryly.
He took in the room with a quick, cold glance, and then looked at the cube in his hand thoughtfully.
“Yep,” Tony said, inspecting the fragment of circuit board still attached to the handful of wires on his desk, “-this is definitely Ostech.”
Peter wasn’t touching the hoverboard parts on the bench though, he was just gazing down at them thoughtfully.
Electrical connector plugs disconnected, he hit the mesh framework of the LTF panel with the heel of his hand, just above the edge of the insulation foam.
“Hrmm…”  Tony nodded gravely, and took a pull on his beer.
Through the door, Harry caught the sound of overlapping voices.
The door yanked open abruptly, and Peter bounded into the room, complete with long-suffering blue backpack and mask-wrecked hair.
“Ah… well, it
“Tony.”
“-Do you remember the McCarthy hearings?”  He asked, instead.
Peter evaded him by clinging to the ceiling, and laid the papers back down on the desk a moment later, one partially overlapping the other.  He pointed out two numbers, one on the page dated in February, and the other on the page dated in April.  The invoices were otherwise identical, but the numbers didn’t match.  Some clever soul at the motorcycle parts company had made a slight ‘error’ with the decimal point in April, turning an eleven into one hundred and ten.  Tony’s eyes flicked quickly from one page to the other.
A different and spicier kind of ambiance began to fill the air as Tony added his egg-turmeric mixture to what was already frying.
There was something deeply sacrilegious about having his dick pressed squarely against where the star was, but Tony decided he could live with it if Steve could.
Steve pulled his cowl up, and followed Tony downstairs into the garage.
Tony sank down against him skin to skin and sighed shakily, off-balance and feet still half-tangled in his loose coveralls.  He was partly hard again and Steve wasn’t, but
Tony’s kitchen, 3:55 PM.
“I’m trying to get you to stop screaming ‘eww, cooties!’ every time I bring gay stuff up, actually,” Tony admitted, relenting.
“No, you didn’t do diddly!  Now come ON!”
“You’re really tense…”  Steve observed, rubbing a knot along Tony’s shoulderblade.
“I think…”  Steve said slowly, lowering the bottle and studying a reflection in the glass, “…I’m going to concentrate on being an Avenger for a while.  That way I can do some good as Captain America with a bunch of folks that…”  Steve paused.
The Red Skull used the slack his sudden charge had given him to reach Steve’s shield on the bed, and throw it.  …Something in Peter’s mind
Danny blinked, and glanced down at him.
Tony nearly collided with Peter just outside the bedroom door.  He pulled the door mostly shut with a quick jerk, grabbed Peter by the shoulder, and marched him backwards into the kitchen.
“-See, I- -told you I could- -do it…”  Tony panted, grinning.
man might drink.
War Machine had a lot more territory to cover than he’d led Steve and the others to believe when they had nominated him as an Avenger, however.
Steve ducked his head under the shadow of a broken, blackened beam, and stood.  The gutted warehouse was silent yet not, the whole unsafe structure still settling with faint crunches and whispery groans.  Some sections of the roof had burned and fallen in entirely, others were bare grates of unbroken beams with the cold morning sky showing through them.
“Well, it- -might come in handy,” Steve explained reasonably.
Steve came home to near darkness.  There was the light from outside… and a soft red glow that seemed to be coming from the window frames- -more of an impression than an usable light source.  Steve tensed, senses alert.
“I know.  -This is my fault,” Tony sighed.
to get out of building her an insect-control helmet of her own, and sharing the power to command that secret, six-legged world.
Tony took him reverently to hand, and examined the tip more closely.
Tony turned back to Cap with a look that made Steve wonder if he was about to get punched in the face.
Smooth sheets, and smooth skin beneath the fingertips of Tony’s left hand.
“Hey Tony,” Peter said, waving a hand in front of Tony’s sunglasses.
“Do you want to keep it on?”  Steve asked.
Suddenly there was a flash of light out on the center of the bridge, then a bright point of light chasing a more subdued one through the girders away from Manhattan.
“I know,” Tony smirked wryly, without looking up.
MJ’s face wavered as she looked at him, torn but resolute.  Tonight she risked losing both of them, but Harry was right, he couldn’t leave Peter.
He heard a knock.
He reached into the main compartment of his hockey bag, barely unzipping it, and found the tool kit inside the belt-plate of his armor by feel.
Fury glared back at the bird for a moment, nonplussed.
“What do you mean?”  Steve asked, hugging him.
“No, and he’s still not answering his- -phone,” Warbird caught herself.
“This is
If only he could paint with his left hand- -he’d tried though, with results that could only be called ‘impressionistic’.  No good for flowers, oils, and realism.
Iron Man said.
“I coulda killed yez jus’ now,” he stated.
‘He will when he hears this…’  Matt thought, to himself.
A -much- better cheer greeted that one.
The day’s divinity
Tony cleared a space near the center of his workbench, and opened his drafting notebook.
Harry and Peter’s apartment, 11:44 PM.
“-Oh.”
“-Who owns this place?”  Tony asked, suddenly.
Tony smiled faintly.
“Come in,” Tony called through it.  -He’d already seen who his visitor was on the TV in the corner… though since there was no longer anything in front of the motion-detector cameras, it was back to playing channel eleven on mute.
Two minutes later he had the machine open, and had tracked the problem down to a clogged freshwater intake line.  Lime scale in a water pipe somewhere between here and the water tower on the roof, probably.  Tony shut off the main water valve, cleared the line, turned the water valve back on, grabbed a quarter to replace the one he’d put in earlier, and closed the machine up.
“Just new to the jukebox,” Tony replied, looking up from some papers on his desk with a smile.  The timbre of his voice was almost back to normal, but the bruise across his throat was still ugly, a shaded bar of purples, yellows and greens.  …It had been close.
“Have you heard from Steve yet?”
Steve thought.  Aloud he said, “-weren’t you in the middle of something?”
He made it to just outside the door of Harry’s room, and leaned back against the wall, shoulders slumped.  Tony tried the coffee.  It tasted better than it smelled, but not by much.
“Tony,” he said, putting a hand on the other man’s bare shoulder.
Tony woke up with his ears still ringing.  He could feel currents of air buffeting him from the right-hand side alone, and the heady, silent rush of super-powered flight as someone carried him.
,” Tony grinned, “-but just for the record, I’ve enjoyed being ‘interrogated’ too.”
“Steve said it reminded him of Dresden,” Peter commented.
And since this warehouse fire had taken place on the day
“Mm, yes and no.  It’s moved from messy and bandaged to painful and a good excuse not to do homework,” Peter explained, resisting the urge to perch, perfectly balanced, on the back of a kitchen chair.
“Oh-!”  Tony saw his helmet, and the tension in his face melted into a grateful smile, “-you found it- -that’s
“Okay…”  Peter peered around the loft cautiously as he entered, and Steve shut the door behind him.
Steve was standing in the open doorway.
There was a knock at the door.
this position felt good…
“Uh- -better
The list went on and on, and Peter still wasn’t sure Tony was showing him the whole thing.  He’d met a lot of strange people tracking down the names on Tony’s list…
Tony snorted, and let go of the comm. button.
“Oh,” Harry nodded once, relaxing.
“What else?”  Steve asked, hand wandering onto Tony’s chest.
actually,” Steve added, looking at Tony’s back.
He was still in full armor except for the red and gold helmet sitting on the chair beside him, and his shoulders were slumped in a way Sue had never seen before.
He explored it with his fingers.  Arm… Elbow… fingers…  And deep, quiet breathing from somewhere behind him, that could only be Steve.
“-Play it again,” he instructed.
“Okay?”  Steve asked, hand on his shoulder.
“I’ll do it,” Peter agreed.
, knowing Hank.
Tony pressed a hand to his face, and grinned ruefully behind it.
“’Fraid so-” Tony began.
He could hear the alien hum of computer banks on one hand, and the subtler, organic whirring of insects, sealed within pristine cages of Plexiglas and tightly-woven wire mesh.  They sounded very close, like the insects were staying in their enclosures voluntarily.  …Maybe they
There was a tiny electric-pink flash in the upper atmosphere, and Tony’s radar beeped negatively to let him know that it had lost the flying saucer entirely.
“Nothing!  I mean… nobody was hurt this time…”  Peter passed the bottle from his left hand to his right, but still didn’t drink.
“Right.  Ah… I’m sending our mutual friend over,” Tony decided.
had cost him more than just his warehouse hideout.  He’d cost him…
“How is he?”  Peter asked, without prelude.
“It hasn’t healed yet?”  Steve set a carton of eggs on the counter.
Relief flooded Tony’s system, dropping him.  He slumped forwards, head against his arms on Steve’s chest.  Steve was still trembling slightly, one hand uncurling to stroke Tony’s back and gather him closer as they caught their breath.
“Sorry, armor secret,” Tony replied, flatly.
“Now what you grabbed was
A wasp crawled under the lab door, took to the air, and began inspecting Tony distrustfully in a series of short looping curves.
“Boo.”
“I can do that,” Harry nodded, looking up.  He paused a moment, “-no, screw that, I’m -buying- you lunch.  I’ll uh- -I’ll call and see if MJ wants to come out with us too,” Harry promised.
“What do you think?”  Tony asked, finally.
The pilots saw it too, and began screaming into their headsets about friendly fire, and standing down.  The jets didn’t change course.
Steve frowned.
Starting tomorrow, none of these graduates would ever be a part of it again.
Cut to a middle-aged man in workman’s overalls.
He remembered doing a history report in college before he’d ever dreamed of the armor, and thinking that Cap, Union Jack, and the Invaders seemed to belong to an age different than the history moving around them.  …The time of King Arthur’s round table, perhaps.
“It could be…”  Hank studied a slight rust-brown precipitate in the bottom of one of the tubes, swirling it between his fingers, then put the tube back in its place on the rack.
A slight noise behind him brought Peter’s spider-sharp senses to screaming wakefulness, and he whirled around, poised.
of molten metal be?  Perfect unbroken contact.  Have to shield it.  Gel.  Gel from one of those heat/cold packs?  Those were -designed- to be heated, and the outer interface wires would produce the necessary-
Steve raised Tony’s chin with two fingers, looked straight
Steve’s right hand clenched into a fist at his side, containing the otherwise dangerous strength of his body.  He shut his eyes, and fell into the sensation blind, trusting the other man to get him where he needed to go.
,” Tony grinned.
Steve palmed him again, and ran his free hand along Tony’s back, returning to familiar territory, then stroking down further.  He ran his thumb across the head cautiously, and felt thin cotton, and firm, living tissue beneath it.  This wasn’t the thickly-sewn zipper of pair of jeans, or the proverbial ‘something in his pocket’, this was -Tony-.
went in this jukebox, Steve hadn’t a clue.
Tony was silent for a long moment, looking first at War Machine’s dark eye-slits, and then at the unconscious confusion on Harry’s face.  He was almost awake now…
“Well then that’s like wisshin’ for tha moon, ain’t it?”  The man replied shrewdly, closing one eye again.
And then Bain… and Morgan… and Vietnam had happened.
“It should,” Tony sighed.
Luke sighed, took his wristband off, and delicately slid the control bar inside to a different channel.
Steve’s hands were at the collar of his green coveralls now, one on each side, pulling Tony down, and forwards.  -And then Steve was moving him
Tony rubbed his arm absently when Steve let go, frowning.  Steve tensed and glanced down when Tony’s fingers fell away from the spot, but there was nothing there to see.  Steve relaxed uneasily.
“No.  You are avoiding the issue.  Crispy or not, those pops were MINE,” Peter insisted.
This was someone just as breakable as he was, just as excited as he was.
Harry woke up, and saw that the door was opening.  Good, that would be Peter and-
Mach two… one… and then sound came back in a howling rush.
“You almost got ventilated with a Phillips screwdriver, you idiot!”  Tony snapped, glaring over his shoulder.  -A black-handled screwdriver and several long machine screws lay on a red cloth over the seat of the motorcycle in front of him.
you?”  Wanda demanded, momentarily taken aback.
Tony leaned his hands against the brick windowsill, and waited out the uncomfortable silence until they heard the shower turn back on.
“I’m… I’m not injured,” Steve replied, tiredly.
“I just… I wanted to win,” Tony admitted, gesturing at the newspaper, “-I knew it probably wouldn’t turn out that way, but I- …America’s not supposed to lose, you know?”
Tony put his tools back, and zipped the bag shut.  It clanked slightly as he slung it back over his shoulder, and he glanced around self-consciously.
“Um.  Heh.  Likewise… I think…”  Peter replied, sheepishly.  “…Oh god.  She’s naked.  She is, isn’t she?”  Peter said to himself, under his breath.
“I feel like I’m running away from home,” Steve added- -and then paused, as if surprised at himself.
A light flashed blindingly behind Peter’s left shoulder blade, and the Red Skull’s fingers slid harmlessly
“I was there-” Tony gulped, “-and I thought you’d- -but then the army engineer- -guys, they dropped a beam, and I had to catch it, and I- -was already low on power, so I came back to- and I…”  Tony trailed off uncomfortably, and swallowed, “…yeah.”
The phone rang.  Tony pounced on it.
Tony swore.  Steve hissed softly through his teeth, and set the rest of his coffee -down-.
“How did you find me here the first time?”  Tony asked, suddenly.
Steve was extremely tired of making decisions with only half the information.
“Just red, but it’s extremely faint,” Steve admitted.
“No, you see, I don’t think the Racer knew War Machine was there, and War Machine didn’t know -I- was there, so it was like this chain- stalking- thing…  …Which makes me wonder if there was someone else behind
“It’s- -probably for the best.  My dad’s been under a lot of pressure lately,” Harry said, not quite looking her in the eye.
Cap, like Tony, was in civvies today.  He wore nondescript blue jeans, brown steel toed boots, a butter yellow button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a blindingly white t-shirt underneath it.  Over one arm, he carried a brown leather bomber jacket with an eagle on the back.  Cap looked fantastic, but how he’d gotten out the door of the Avengers’ mansion looking like a refugee of the early fifties without Janet Van Dyne waylaying him for his own good, Tony had no idea.
Harry was tempted to leave it like that, but he decided against it.  It was too loud, too disturbing.  Too much a muddy expression of what he was
“DIE, Corn Pop thief,” said Peter, pointing.
Tony was right, and the staring wonder of the moment that he realized Steve was actually serious was something he would never forget.  It wasn’t the slight touch of roughness of as the other man’s cheek brushed his stomach, or the soft touch of lips or tongue, it was Steve’s hair.  That outdated forehead-curl that never seemed to stay combed to the side once he’d put his costume on over it.  …The faint touch of
Then why the hell did you make HIM an Avenger?!  Tony thought, frowning out at the dark bar of Central Park without really seeing it.  Steve should have been halfway to the Williamsburg Bridge by now…
“Soho?”  Tony echoed, thoughtfully.
“You should have been there an hour ago,” Tony agreed, “-enjoy midtown.”
“-I mean what else was I going to tell her, that all three of you were staying with the Avengers because you’re
The melody was strange, almost like folk music, and it seemed more of a framework to hang the lyrics -on- than an accompaniment…  But the words began to tell a story of heroes, and after the first few lines, Steve was listening.
Tony was a mechanic, and a good one.  He was respected for that, and as soon as the garage was rebuilt, he knew most of his customers would return.  …He’d found a Ziploc-bagged note to that effect from one of them already, weighted down with a corner of broken cinder block.
The Midnight Racer arced straight up along the wall, one step ahead of the Green Goblin, and finally mis-judged the physics.  Wishing alone wouldn’t stop gravity, and it was such a fine detail, so easy to forget with graphic, grisly death a fraction of a second behind him…
“And then the Cosmic Cube just …
Huge steel hands closed around Tony’s helmet, tightening with a deafening screech of grinding metal that drowned out the sound of both Tony’s radios…  then silenced them with a crunch and held him, pinned.
Tony paused, frowning, and looked up to see if the blonde was serious.
There was a beat or two of dead air, with only the soft crackle of microphone static.
“An- -old friend of mine.  He used to work for me, but he moved back to London after I lost SI,” Tony explained, vaguely.
How had the ring gotten onto the kitchen table in the first place, though?
“Hm?”  Steve looked back, “-what is it?”
“Whadda you got, Fist?”  Luke asked, without looking up.
His eyes flicked a quick, surprised glance in Tony’s direction, and Norman’s amiable, shark-like smile broadened a little.
“…Hangonna second.”
formidable than usual.
“…I’m sorry-” Harry began vaguely, and rubbed his face with his hands.
There.
“-This really IS a freezer, isn’t it?”  Peter realized.
“I was hoping you’d say that,”  Steve smiled,  “-and since someone clearly threatened the lives of seven citizens of New York with a force the police couldn’t have handled, the Avengers will be protecting them until SHIELD and the FBI have completed their investigation.”
.  Still…
“-Good luck there, son.”
"He’s nineteen, Tony,” Steve reminded him.
“He hasn’t-” Tony began, looking up at her again.
War Machine grabbed Tony’s other ankle, and swung him against the cracked street to the side of them like a club, face first.
“Could be,” Steve agreed carefully, and pressed a kiss against the side of Tony’s neck.
Flush-mounting hex bolts on the outside edge, and a handful of internal-wrenching camlocks underneath.
Tony stopped in the center of the softly gleaming wooden floor with an efficient twist and took his helmet off, his back to the high windows.
“Hey,” Tony said, raising his coffee cup a little and trying desperately to read the expression on the blonde’s face.
“More… okay,” Tony held up a hand.  He knelt on the bunched fabric of his coveralls just in front of the couch, and ran his hands up Steve’s thighs just because he could.
He wrenched the fifty-cal’s gun barrel down like a licorice twist before the gunner had time to decide whether to act on the illegal order.
Ozzy asked,
“Awake.
“Hey.  You got your radio on you?”
The states hadn’t really
The girl because she was happy to still be
The Iron Horse Garage, 11:03 PM.
The Iron Horse Garage, Greenwich Village NYC, 1970.
“You mean it’s never going to happen, so why worry about it?”  Tony asked, secretly disappointed.
“Well- I tried acid this summer…”  Harry replied helpfully, without really thinking.
A sudden, white-hot spark that seemed to sting more than burn, and foreign power flowed into him in a steady, soothing pulse.  He always thought of it as being cool somehow, like sherbert or a glass pitcher of ice water with thin rings of peeled, sliced cucumber.
Peter threw a new line, yanked back on it, and let go as soon as he had enough forward momentum.  He webbed a second line around a flagpole on a hotel, and rode the stretching, clear thread upwards before letting go near the top of the arc, gaining twelve stories.
“Yeah.  Hey-” Harry paused, retaining her hand for a moment.
“No.  It’s
The faces of a few fleeing bystanders in the lower right-hand side of the picture caught Steve’s eye.  They were
Steve paused, not sure how to put his thoughts into words.
“Who tha
God, as if he hadn’t been living in Peter Parker’s shadow enough…
Peter was immobilized too, staring up at a star-field of suspended broken glass that burst outwards from where the shield had embedded itself through frame, picture, and wall.
The far door opened, and Tony looked up sharply.  Sue Richards padded across the room, and offered him a white coffee cup with a circled blue number four on the side.  Tony took it and held it in both hands, but didn’t drink.
demanded it… and I can still peel a potato in under a minute,” Steve paused, wondering momentarily if War Machine’s armor had the same joint-locking feature that Tony’s did.  -He’d long suspected that the powersuiters abused this to keep from fidgeting.
Outside the Stark Industries complex, Long Island, NY.  2:11 PM (same day).
have cleaned off before the garage opened tomorrow) -looked rough.  Half-assed and compulsively repaired, with only four original frame-threads crisscrossing in the center to create a base-eight web, and a slight unevenness in the squaring of the spiral.
“Spider, your barrel’s trying to roll away.”
He fished a red, greasy rag from the pocket of his coveralls, and began wiping his hands on it.  They weren’t getting perceptibly cleaner.
A short time later, he caught a scent.
The temperature and weight of the metal was
“You fell in the
… he’d seen (sometimes helped) Tony stumble in barely charged after too many missions not to…  but he still thought of it as
“Yes…?”
When he could pick out Greenwich Village visually, Tony cut back upwards in a huge loop, gravity-braking hard enough to bring tiny black dots swimming into his peripheral vision from the G-forces.
“Nope, sorry,” Steve replied, his smile fading a little.
“-Nh- -
“What?”  Asked Steve, frowning.
“The Warmonger…”  Iron Man breathed, “-Stane actually built the damn thing
”Me too.  They’re in that fridge over by the drill-press,” Tony said, indicating the appropriate direction with a nod.
It was windy this high up, and a faint tracery of frost had already formed across the cooling surfaces of War Machine’s two-tone gray armor.  A cold front was moving in, and it was cold inside the armor too.  War Machine left his suit’s environmental controls alone.  Heat would make him stand out to an infa-red scanner, and he’d taken worse cold in an unpressurized cabin over the English Channel.
“…Sorry about that.”
Peter scooped the textbooks on his desk into his backpack, stuffed his mask in against the spines, and tried to remember whether it was Tuesday or Wednesday.
Looking at something that he remembered
Peter flung out a web-line and followed the heavily armed Avenger anyway.
“No.”
Boots firmly on the ground and hand-repulsors braced magnetically against the structural steel of the building to withstand the indraft, Tony walked the rest of the way, and took hold of both door handles.  He yanked them shut with a sudden hard wrench, and flipped the polarity of his left hand-repulsor, holding the heavy metal security doors shut while he welded them together with the laser on his right-hand glove.  It was quick, and dirty, and effective.  With half its air cut off, the flames on the top floors slackened, but the respite wouldn’t last…
“We’re lookin’ fo the Green Goblin.  Now which one a’you punks feels like talkin?”
‘COINS-I’, Tony typed.
Tony got it, leaving Peter to read Harry the instructions for the new jukebox.  -Since he was going to tear the whole thing apart and rebuild it from the fairings up anyway, Tony figured he’d let them play.
“Good.  Great.  I was just finishing something up-” he waved vaguely in the direction of the soldering iron on his desk.
Tony frowned at him for a moment.  There didn’t seem to be any signs of visible injury or madness, so he patted Peter’s shoulder, and wandered past him towards the coffee-maker.
“Yeah, it’s… looked better.”  Peter agreed, shutting the door and pulling off his mask.
Iron Man had apparently ripped off a major invention from a war-profiteering corporate giant, added cooler toys and a flashy red and yellow paint job, and turned what would have been the ultimate symbol of faceless establishment power into an apolitical force for good on the ground in New York City.
Lower, and Tony felt the smooth, hard edge of the metal resting against the base of his neck, and against the muscles at the small of his back.
It felt… Tony couldn’t put it into words, but he thought first of ‘the soul of the sword’, the legend that a samurai’s will had to be
“Well, the sooner we get this done…”  Steve began, philosophically.
Tony swung aboard last, and sat in the open doorway as the chopper lifted off, one boot braced on the helicopter skid outside.
A silence fell, and Peter came around to Tony’s side of the bed.
“Maybe,” Sue agreed, honestly.
there…”  He smirked, finally.
“Go away before I squash you!”  Tony snarled.
Small metallic clicks.  The soft creak of a chair as the person sitting leaned forwards.  A muttered curse.  Something hard and plastic being set down on a wooden desk.  …More clicks.
He got up and unplugged the clock, shoving it under the bed to deal with later.  He got dressed, costume first, then street clothes on over it.
Information.  Water.  Rotatory-
Peter read aloud, amused.  “-Didn’t this thing break on you last August too?”
“ARRRAAAAaagggggh!”
Iron Man challenged,
Blue.  Royal, just deeper than cobalt, more real….  a wide blue lozenge in the center, wisping purple and less knowable colors at the edges, brightening with a smear of blended white in the middle still just grainy enough to detect.
…Good grief.  How had things gotten this bad?  How could the chilling, hopeless feeling that had swamped his heart at that fatal moment he’d let go… have become a modern pop song?
“Send a dragon to fight a dragon,” Danny shrugged, and folded his arms, still watching.
Steve was bound to have found out what a mess he was sooner or later, but like -this-?  And
Tony began rocking a little, not really moving yet but not quite able to stay still either…
“You’ll have plenty of help tracking down the perpetrators, Colonel,” Steve promised, “-and once they’ve been brought to justice, I’m sure the papers will find something else to talk about.”
“It-” (cough) “-melted, actually,” Tony clarified, his voice still barely above a whisper.
“All right,” Steve nodded.
Tony asked, threading the magnetic coupling of his wrist-seal together with a quick, practiced spin.
“They finally caught the guy?  Huh, whaddya know?”
“The Scarlet Witch,” Steve replied.
“How many of those can have been leased out since the Green Goblin’s old hideout burned down?”  Steve pointed out.
“-But there’s something metal inside there that would explode if I opened this door,” Peter said, tapping the front of the freezer.
“I have a guest, you -will- be polite to her, and you don’t know -shit- about the hero game.”
“He’s my student, not my
“Yes.  -Come on upstairs with me,” Steve said, smiling.
Wait.  Tony remembered now.  The glow was coming from him.  From the arc reactor in his chest.  And he could see it, so they were sideways now.  That- -that was good…
Tony spotted Peter, dropped a hand on his shoulder, and propelled him gently but firmly in Jarvis’s direction.
Tony sighed, smirked without much humor, and collected his helmet from behind the wheel of a white Jeep, keeping his face shielded in case there were other cameras.
“That would be cool,” Peter agreed.
…In hindsight, he’d been half expecting to see Dum-dum Dougan.
“Almost… fucking…
“I have.  Or rather… I’ve defined the problem.”
“Okay,” Steve nodded.  He took a step back, and sighed.  “-Sorry about that, but I’m not sure who to trust right now.”
“Exactly,” Steve smiled.
The battered silver-gray suit sat up with a deep whine of protesting servos, and heaved itself up out of the concrete and asphalt crater.  War Machine stood up fully, sending a slight tremor through the ground at their feet, and rising to more than two feet above the other two.  A slight rattle of broken cement and gravel landed around War Machine’s blocky gray boots, knocked loose from the chinks of his armor by the motion.
Steve was a live wire under him, a study in barely-restrained power.  He was improbably clean with a taste of well-kept leather, solid, gorgeous…
“THAT’S ENOUGH!”  War Machine ordered.
Tony glanced down first, and through the hole where the Racer’s tinted visor had been, he recognized the face of Peter’s friend Harry Osborne.
safe.  It was such a Peter thing to do, in such a deeply fucked-up, innocent, and
War Machine replied.
“Iron Man here.  What’s up, Powers?”  Tony replied, pressing a flat button on the side of his helmet.
“He’s -supposed- to, he’s wearing MY ARMOR,” Tony pointed out.
,” she told him, more worried than reproving, “-and telling me what drugs you’ve been doing and how much would make figuring out your medication a lot safer.  -Please.”
“Like that, is it?”  He asked, turning.
The window washer looked down at him uncomfortably, still suspended in midair by some unseen force.
Pause.
The Iron Horse Garage, 7:55 AM (next day).
A full-length shot of Captain America, standing with one foot on the corner of a red-brick building and looking capable.
”  Tony echoed, “-after this afternoon, you’re lucky you’re still
“Uh-!”  It caught Steve fairly in the ribs, and he reacted equally fast, locking Tony’s left arm with his left hand, and catching Tony’s right wrist in his other one.
“Have you seen that guy in black on the hover board again?”  Tony asked, getting up and starting a round of pancakes.
Saluting was a pure gesture, a sign of respect for the position, if not the man being saluted.  It was part of an essential tradition of customs and courtesies that kept men from becoming animals on the front lines, or at least helped them regain their sanity later.  It was a physical reminder that you were still in control of yourself, and that you were part of something bigger.  At worst it was a way of interacting with officers with whom you were barely on speaking terms without getting yourself court-martialed, and Steve had to wonder if that had anything to do with War Machine’s silence now…
The Goblin’s glider didn’t look like it would hold up well against a blow from his shield, but there was something else to see here…
more time to be sure he wasn’t letting his shield in for anything nasty.  Tony looked reasonably trustworthy, if just a little… keen on the whole thing.
“Using it for magnetic flypaper and dumping him in the Atlantic.”
Tony rescued the fourth pancake just as the non-chocolate parts of the batter were starting to shade down past mahogany, and set it aside.
selves wrote so that it wouldn’t give away too much about the otherrealities it’s been published in.  The Reed we know owns an original thirteen-twenty AND a six-sixteen edition, but damn him he won’t
Peter saw War Machine brake and streak off, and -almost- followed him without thinking about it.
Tony took off skywards.
“Yikes!”  Spider man let the web line slip out of his fingers.
“So… what almost happened?”  Tony asked, relaxing a bit.
Steve blinked, clearly disturbed.
“IRON MAN, THIS IS THE POLICE!  PUT YOUR HANDS ON YOUR HELMET, AND STAY RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE!”
good reason for being here,” he stated, grimly.
“How about we try cracking your back again?”  Steve suggested, not quite innocently.
He sighed, got back in his car, and turned on the radio.
Tony felt the attack coming a half-second too late, and drove his left elbow back with his full strength behind it.
“But I’m tryin’ -not- to get noticed.  My boss doesn’t exactly know about this…”  Jerome sighed.
“It’s
“-You’re not Jewish, are you,” Tony stated, with a lopsided smirk.
From the time he was twelve to the time he was fifteen, Steve and his mother Sarah had lived in a small apartment that had a kitchen sink, but no private bathroom.  -That had been down the hall.  He’d made a point of brushing his teeth in the kitchen sink that they didn’t share with anyone though, and in a way Steve had been judging every living space he’d had since on the basis of whether or not he’d had to brush his teeth and/or shave in the kitchen sink.
“You will,” Tony promised with a slight smile, “-see you around, Harry.”
Tony thought about how easy it would be to make the wings on Steve’s cowl swivel and rise or droop to match his facial expressions, and smirked.
War Machine rose in front of him silently, the Midnight Racer cradled in his arms like a broken toy.
Steve’s thighs were thick, powerful in the way a racecar’s engine was, and long only because they were built in proportion to the rest.  The lower edge of Steve’s shirt showed a tantalizing glimpse of -amazingly- good abs when he leaned back, and the scratchy-soft dusting of blonde hairs across his lightly flushed pale skin were barely half a shade darker than the forehead-curl that had so entranced Tony earlier.
It was haunting.  Half-foreign music with American-accented words, and suddenly Steve’s mind was churning, throwing him back to the last moment he’d seen Bucky before his grip on the plane slipped, the way rising panic had swamped the courage and irrational trust in the boy’s eyes at the last-
“Did all these records come with the jukebox when you bought it?”  Steve asked.
bad at this, maybe he should-  …naah.
“So…”  Lt. Farrell took out a cigarette and lit it with a match, “-who do you think burned out the Green Goblin?”
“…-Damn-,” Tony swore, quietly.
, I’m sure,” Peter smiled.
Steve sighed, unfolded his arms, and moved to stand nearer the kitchen window.
“What do you want me to draw?”  Steve asked, still amused.
Drinking hot chocolate.
“T-8687… T-85….”
He heard the slight grind of a can opener, looked up to see Peter opening a can of stewed tomatoes, and gave up.
Matt Murdock pulled on the red leather gloves of his Daredevil costume, and listened approvingly to an intro that sounded like the awakening growl of a robot that could stomp Tokyo.
But no flicker.
“Chin up, Spider.  You’re still alive, aren’t you?”  Tony pointed out.
“Tony?”  Warbird asked.
Somebody yelled, from the audience.
He set his jaw, and breathed through his nose for a while, eyes tight shut.
Tony’s prisoner broke the kiss when he felt the first touch of steel against his skin, but it was already too late.  Tony leapt back away from the bed, and yanked the man half off the mattress onto his face by the handcuff chain.
Tony wandered out in a large bathrobe.  He’d just shaved, and the dark line of his mustache looked crisper than usual.
He looked down at Tony thoughtfully for a slightly too-long pause, then turned to Steve.
“So what you’re tellin’ me is… you mixed up his capes with mine, an’ planted ‘em on the most news-worthy bits of collateral you could find?”
Tony played with whatever caught his interest, but he didn’t try anything too kinky.  This was about mutual fun, not advanced technical skill that Steve would no doubt attempt to memorize on the fly…
“No, man.  You ain’t hearing me,” Luke cut across Tony’s darkening thoughts, “-the Avengers found
“Yeah.  But uh… SHIELD hasn’t gotten back to them yet,” Tony replied, too-carefully.
Harry put his paintbrush down, and sat back, studying his painting.
“Where should I-“
“Remember when ‘The Sons of the Serpent’ crashed the World Music Festival last year?”  Steve began.
Tony’s radio crackled.
An oak tree in the park, with a bird just taking off from one of its branches.
“If you or any of your known vigilante associates should happen to see him, please see that he gets this.”
His eyes flicked to Peter.
?!”  The impostor mocked him, gesturing towards the mask that hung folded over his belt…
“Yes,” War Machine replied.
There was a long moment of dead air, and when Steve’s voice returned, it sounded a shade harder.
Downtown Manhattan, the lobby of a bank, 2:31 PM.
“Yeah, but…”
He returned to the desk, and decided to make a pendant for Wanda out of two of the prettier leftover radio parts and as much of Hank’s silver-based electrical solder as he possibly could without sacrificing good taste.
The corners of Tony’s eyes tightened slightly in annoyance, but he looked up over the seat of the Softtail he was working on.
Tony waited for a few moments.
Steve disengaged as carefully as he could, but Tony’s breath still caught at the movement.
“Everything except for the broken bottle by the foot of the stairs.  That sir, you clean up yourself,” Steve told him.
Tony wandered in, unshaven and still stretching.  He wore a large pair of dark blue NYPD sweat pants, and nothing else.
There was a muffled -thonk- on the window.
“What the hell do you urgently need a single latex exam glove for before dinner?  …Or do I want to know?”
He had the balcony door open before Peter reached it.
Peter nodded.
The front of the jukebox split apart obediently on its three hinges as
Tony was about fifteen minutes into this new project when his helmet radio crackled.
.  The good news is, SHIELD is trying to distance itself from any knowledge of the Goblin’s serum, and they know -I- know he’s been exposed, which means YOU know he’s been exposed, so there wouldn’t be any point in transferring him or making Harry ‘disappear’.  …See if you can get Norman’s notes about it from Fury anyway, though.”
“Well, it’s working,” Peter countered.
Steve didn’t ask what had happened to ‘the family business’, and Tony didn’t offer to tell him.
Darkly appropriate, ironic, and more than a little weird.
Steve smiled and shook his head, but he got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one over.  Tony was dusted head-to-boots in fine metal shavings, and the damp fabric of his once-white A-line clung to his chest and the covered arc reactor in ways that were very difficult not to draw.
Pause.
“All stitched up, and acting a little giddy from medication that should have put him out cold for at least twelve hours,” Tony replied, frankly.
The song finished.  Tony took a pull on his beer.
Yet still
“Go ahead.”
Tony looked up, smiled, and went back to his scan.
“Go on,” Steve frowned.
“-Okay?”  Steve asked with a slight smile, hand on Tony’s arm.
“I’m sure you do,” Tony agreed, staying out of arm’s reach for the time being, “-but I just wanted to ask you a question.”
“Right,” Steve agreed, and looked back at Colonel Fury.
The actual lyrics to Led Zeppelin’s
Through the door, he could hear Harry and Peter talking.
“Hi.  Hi Steve.  You would not believe how late I am- …hey what’s wrong with the pancakes-?”  Peter asked, with concern.
“Well, thanks for helping me catch up then,” Steve told him, smiling warmly.
“…Heah we go again…”  Luke muttered, just loud enough for Steve’s Super-Soldier hearing to catch.
Steve kissed him again, a brief, firm promise.  Clothes and costume went.
Something was obvious.  Something big.  Something he should have seen earlier…
He was part of a larger world now, and Harry knew without a shadow of a doubt, that he didn’t want any part of it.
,” the forklift driver began, angrily.
remained.  Ideas without a visible focal point, outstretched in every direction.
“I saw your boss’s place on the news after you called me last night,” Harry stated, letting Peter the rest of the way into the apartment.
Peter’s soft-soled boots scraped lightly on the balcony above his own, and he dropped down.
Tony had lost track of her several times, because she was just a -girl- after all, and they’d never been dating…
“Why didn’t you call this in on our secure channel?”  Tony asked, nonplussed.
He listened carefully to the cadence of Steve’s breathing coming down, relaxing.
Steve had to suppress a snort at this, and only
It was already too hot for the jacket he held folded over his arm, but that jacket, like the pastel button-down shirt he was wearing, had been chosen for going out the night before, not for the harsh light of a New York morning.  He should have been in class almost an hour ago.  Harry had driven for a long time the night before, driven until his eyes were dry again, and when he stopped in the parking lot of a harbor overlook, the yellow-white glare of the streetlights no longer spread in his vision like Christmas ornaments.
“Too bad,” Warbird decided, setting the record back on the turntable and placing the needle back at the beginning.
“-Mh,” Tony mumbled, without waking up.
“I’m kidding.  I’ll show you when I re-build it,” Tony promised, and leaned over to kiss him.
It would probably be better if he’d done the details instead, ghostly edges and highlights picking out the flower’s shape without giving away its main color.
“What’s it to ya?”  Luke asked.
“You’re cold,” he frowned instead, rubbing the muscles of Tony’s upper arm.
He fired an electromagnet on a high-tensile tow cable from a launcher hidden in the plating on his right forearm.  The magnet stuck, nearly making the Goblin’s glider crash into the side of a brick chimneystack.  The Goblin whipped something that flashed silver out of his billowing purple sleeve, and sliced the steel cable, freeing himself.  Without pausing, the villain backhanded the bat-like shriuken in the Midnight Racer’s direction.  It cut low, spinning with a force that had to be more than the simple force of the throw, and sliced a shallow line across the back of the Racer’s left calf, sending him temporarily off course.
The hollow beat of helicopter blades against months of dust and rain… the wise, silken discipline of Soong Sun-Mai… and finally a sweltering workshop in the jungle and the face of a good, dying man… these things had remade Tony Stark forever.
“It’s not a
Steve set his shield down against the bedside table, pulled off his red leather gloves, and touched one of the brass curves of the headboard, grounding himself.  He pushed back the cowl of his costume, and left his gloves on the bedside table.  Tony’s eyes had half closed again, but he opened them when he felt the mattress dip, and smiled.
Steve’s loft, 1:39 PM (same day).
He remembered the first time some scum-sucker in SpecOps command had thought it would be a good idea to defrost the 1950’s ersatz Captain America.
in the first place?
“Black leather seats, right?”  Tony asked.
Steve’s emotion translated physically into a tightening of his hands and a partial groping of Tony’s ass.  Tony braced his hands on Steve’s shoulders hard, and bit his lower lip for a moment.
“Are you all right?”  Cap asked.
“Yeah.  But I’ve also had people try and blackmail me, get close to me to steal my designs, wait to attack me until I was out of costume, attack whoever I was
Pause.
“You okay?”  Tony asked.
“Everything, it seemed like,” Tony smiled, “-my mom was into Victorian stuff though, so there was a lot of Bronte sisters and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle…”
“Steve, Steve?”  Peter asked.
Tony’s breath caught a sharp inhalation that hissed between his teeth.
.  Those buildings are for everyone, not just a single company or owner,” Steve explained.
He had to get that thing working again, or Iron Man was dead.
Tony saw the cables, and then noticed that the markings on the pulled cables and the signal-light cables didn’t match, though both -were- black.  His eyes followed the pipe housing the main electrical bundle down the tracks, and fixed on a small gray building off to one side marked with a ‘Danger: high voltage’ sign.
Peter looked through the contents of the fridge critically, and thought about pancakes, and about omelets with salsa…
Tony unplugged the power cable, and took a breath.  Two.  …And then the first edge of pain began to return.
Tony gathered the sections of his armor slowly together, then leaned an arm on the jukebox and pushed three buttons on the selector keypad.
“No.  I put those up to over-expose the film of any camera that tries to take a picture of us through the windows,” Tony explained, “-there’s actually a UV component too… what color is the light you’re seeing?”
The furniture was good too.  Tony detected Jan’s hand in that.
“He’d break right out of the Lead Zeppelin, wouldn’t he?”  Cap stated.
“I feed it to people I don’t like,” Tony told him, dryly.
“War and sex,” he decided.
Steve watched Tony’s reaction sidelong, and said nothing.  Tony took one side of the newspaper from him and read more, occasionally mouthing a word like ‘cease-fire’, or ‘linebacker’, and muttering under his breath.
He swallowed slightly, instead.
“-Nothing.  -Inside joke,” Tony amended, hastily.
He didn’t elaborate on what he had done -afterwards-, either.  Peter would have been in eighth grade at the time, and the sickening fear of that high-speed chase though the oncoming the traffic inside the Holland tunnel wasn’t something Tony wanted to describe out loud even to a college freshman.
“Well… anyway, the Exeter thought he was going to be implicated, found out who I was, and ah… not
“Go,”   Cap nodded, “-Spider-Man, you’re with me.  Warbird, you’re our eyes in the sky, you and Quicksilver keep any meat-eaters from getting out into the city.  Scarlet Witch, Thor, do something about that time portal, NOW!”
“That’s not good,” Tony agreed, remembering Peter’s friend’s eagerness to please and talkative nature.
Tony grinned.
Iron Man looked up at Steve again, and for a staring second Steve wondered if he was about to be kissed a second time… but Iron Man made no move.
“Good morning Peter,” Steve shook his head, almost laughing, “-you’re already here, you might as well come in,” he stood aside, opening the door wider.
He looked over at Tony and the dangling shirt, then shut his eyes and sighed.  Tony came closer and sat down on the side of the mattress.
Tony let go of the radio button, and seized his screwdriver.
, making the syllables of his name a language…
“Hot chauffer, though…” he mused, “-wonder how Morgan got -that- hire past her holiness…”
“You done with this one?”  Tony asked.
Static.
let a civilian into my crime scene?”  Nick Fury demanded, before Tony could answer.
“Fifties, maybe.  I- -I don’t know,” Tony replied, somewhat distantly.
Harry to come back, until he could be sure MJ was safe.
“Libraries are always special,” Steve reflected, sitting back on an elbow and stroking Tony’s shoulder idly with his fingers. “-They’re like hospitals and post offices-”
“Plug this in for me, will ya?”  Tony said, pressing the electrical connector for the arc reactor into Steve’s hand without looking at it.
This coffee machine, however…
He set the bags down on the kitchen counter.  One sounded ceramic, the other more muffled.
Steve opened his too, and they drank.
He came and it wasn’t over, and the world narrowed to a flash of purple, then fading shots of blue.  Black bursts of heat where light wasn’t, and hard sparks that left him breathless.
Tony listened too, watching Steve’s reaction with satisfaction, and moving slightly with the music.
“A set of clean coveralls, one latex exam glove sized large or medium, and a soldering kit,” Tony replied, brisk and professional.
“Great.  Something else to think deep thoughts about,” Peter said, dubiously.
“-Yeah,” Tony cut him off, “…probably.”
“No.  I swear,” Peter promised.  “-Is it that thing you found at the burned-“
India rubber.  Putty.  Paper.  Slipsheet.
, you fall-!”  His enemy was on him in less than a second, chained wrists looped around Tony’s throat from behind, strangling the life out of him with a strength born of sheer, uncomplicated bloodlust.
Tony tore out the thick-wired red and black leads with a sob, and swore, rubbing his face with the metal fingers of the one hand he could move.
Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen…
Janet Van Dyne, the fairy princess in the blue tea dress, had become a superheroine.  She had her own organic wings the color of clean oil spreading across a pond, detailed in thin gray veins.  She had delicate black antennae, and a tall blonde linebacker of a boyfriend who thought the world of her and could actually -get- small enough to fool around at the size at which her insect wings emerged.
Knocked loose, the panel slid free easily enough with a brief screech of steel.
“…Why?”
“…You just want me to get you a beer, don’t you,” Steve realized, amused.
Tony’s radar beeped as it picked up a new blip from the southeast, probably Warbird.
“Fury suffers from the delusion that I’m going steady with the guy who repairs my armor,” Tony explained, casually.
“Are we done here?”
He reached down and ran his thumb across the arc’s left-hand socket, then plugged the connector in smoothly, without issuing any sort of warning or countdown.
Had he told Steve the ‘Morgan/morning’ joke, Tony wondered, or had Steve have picked up on it on his own?
the strangest debriefing I’ve ever had…”  Peter reminded himself, firmly.  “-Okay, ahh… I was out- generally seeking evil on the hoof, and uh…  I saw War Machine kind of hunkered down on the one of the World Trade Center towers.  I mean, I heard him when he landed there, and then he began with the hiding.”
Ca- -no,
The nurse cleared her throat.
“Ah… late.  Later.  I couldn’ find a cab,” Harry explained.
…Or in the case of the Mark VI, an outer layer of cryogenically-tempered metal, and a far lighter inner coating of
Tony let Steve do the unwrapping until he was almost visible, and then tried to push Steve’s hood back.  Steve batted his hands away with an impatient noise, and glared out of the loosened blankets at him with a mixture of reproach and amusement.
, I’m trying not to think too hard about them-” Peter began.
Avengers Tower living quarters, Cap’s room, 5:02 PM (same day).
“WRONG.  It is
, legs tangling.
“Yes,” War Machine told him candidly, “-your nomination of me was too tempting, on both fronts.  The Starks wanted the prestige, and to be rid of me, and SHIELD wanted a man inside the Avengers more than they needed one watching SI full time.”
“Just don’t fuck with it okay?!”  Tony snapped, looking away.
Tony threw his helmet across the basement parking garage in which he’d taken refuge, bouncing it once off the concrete floor and narrowly missing a Cadillac.
Tony drank his Coke in the deepening silence, and started wondering if he should put a song on.
“All right, all right… -fuck-…”
him, testing the blonde’s reactions, stealing glances upwards from time to time and watching each lick, each smoothly wet shift of his mouth unfold across Steve’s unguarded face.
“Bless you.  Gimmie,” Tony reached for the bag.
“Well, you’re in the right profession,” Tony said, considering, “-lemmie make a call here…”
Tony was glad his armor was already in the hockey bag under the bed.  -On- the bed was much more fun, and they went down
But he’d gotten along with Hank for Jan’s sake, and the biochemist’s genius had been clearly worthy of Tony’s respect.
A sheet of heavy, translucent plastic was stretched across the jagged hole in the middle of the roll-down garage door.  From inside, Steve heard the hard-edged whine of a circular saw slicing through sheet-metal.
Steve was not.
“…Iron Man, huh?”  Fury said, sounding almost bemused, “-he the only one that volunteered ta come back?”
Steve liked that noise, that feeling.  He liked how easy they were to draw out, with the right touches, the right codes.  He liked winning, for both of them… and then discovering that there was
“…You too,” Tony said after a pause, leaning into the contact a little.
The Goblin laughed insanely, laughed somehow over the entire mall’s PA system, and reached eagerly into the orange bag held open in his left fist.
“-Even when it’s true,” Peter observed, folding his arms.
Steve turned around.
Thinking in terms of art had been his way of justifying his thoughts for quite some time, and even now he couldn’t shake it.  Couldn’t fully admit that he wanted to not only look, but touch, and taste…
”  Tony swore, and this time when his hips rocked forwards, he didn’t try to stop them.
Steve hugged him under the steady rush of the shower.
1:46 PM.
“Yes?… he’s right here… okay… are you sure?… yeah, I’ll ask him.”
“Offer?  What do you mean?”
He thought of the strange, not-quite-acknowledged sensation he sometimes got while plugged into the city’s power grid, that supralogical instinct that he was now part of a gestalt electrical nervous system far greater than the one in his body alone…
Tony stepped on his foot pointedly, still smiling.
Tony shut his eyes, and swallowed painfully.
“Mm…”  Tony’s eyes closed, and one hand curled around the back of Steve’s neck.
Pause.
To slide against him, and feel- -that-!
“Wow.  That is -clean-,” Tony acknowledged, inspecting the damage to Misty Knight’s mechanical right arm.
“I sent him home with Luke and Danny hours ago.”
“Don’t worry, you’re in good hands,” Tony promised, undoing the first of Steve’s belts.
?          Up on the Roof            The Drifters
He couldn’t go back in that room just yet.  Harry was still sedated from the stitch job he’d gotten earlier, and the weight of Peter’s waking silence was even worse.
Tony sighed, and ran a fingertip wistfully along a line of muscle in Steve’s forearm.
“Oh brother…”  Tony muttered, reaching up to shut off his helmet radio.
“What was he doing?”
“There is no right answer, Peter,” Tony admitted with a sigh, “-it’s a percentages game.  I’ve held a good man while he -died- from bullets he got protecting my identity as Iron Man.”
“…Yes,” Steve agreed, glancing down at the back of one of his gloves.
“Yes.”
The weight of it did in the floor entirely, and the round-edged metal box fell through into the back of the garage with a splintering crash.
“…Steve?”  Tony stopped in the open doorway.
He’d come back with a mission, a purpose greater than bettering himself for the first time in his short life, and he’d still been arrogant enough to think that no one could have been re-forged as completely without leaving New York City.
“I didn’t see your dad out there- -was he hurt too, or is he…”  MJ broke off, but the words ‘just not coming’ hung in the air anyway.
Peter fitted his rebreather into place, and pulled his cloth Spider-Man mask back down over it.  Peter’s spider-sense was going crazy, but then, he already knew there was something wrong out there…
He wasn’t alone up here.
“Great.  It must only apply to me, then,” Tony said, carefully.
“Good morning, Lt. Farrell.  What have you got?”  Steve asked.
And gotten
“What the hell happened in here…?”  Tony asked, staring around at the walls of the empty warehouse.  The red brick was scorched in some areas, and newly replaced in others.  Some of the marks on the concrete floor were burned chalk-white.  Cooked-off ammunition, maybe?
…Damn.
“Ah-!  Hnnn-nh…”
…Only this time it felt more like the rising sun.
… she wore glasses with cats-eye frames, but they just kinda emphasized it…  we met while Matt was putting the Rhino away the second time…”  Tony held up two fingers.
of whatever device he combined them with, the raw voltage they required to make that trick
Okay, -that- part was unfortunate, Tony reflected, though strangely apropos considering…
Peter related.
“No, he was an electrical engineer,” Tony said, relaxing a little, “-I started this place on my own dime.”
“You look thirsty,” Tony observed.
“Steve do you- -do you know what this- -just, please, I–”
“Sure thing.  What’s wrong with it?”  Tony asked, straightening and wiping his hands on the thighs of his green coveralls.
War Machine asked, quickly.
Tony began his scans.
The webwork on the ceiling above Peter- (that, come hell or high water the boy
“What if I did want to try it?”  He asked, a little gruffly.
Tony ordered without looking up, and landed as close to the doors as he could get without getting sucked in.
His own graduating class had looked different.  For one thing their caps and gowns had been plain black and their faces mostly white, but for another his prep school class had all been boys.  The sons of America, the best of the best, heading out to conquer the world or get rich trying.  They’d been officers, and CEO’s, and politicians.  Lawyers, ground-breaking scientists, and astronauts…
Something was off.  Something… cyclical.  Historical.  Some widening gyre that he couldn’t quite grasp.
“Indeed,” War Machine agreed, in his mechanical rumble.
“What would my injuries be?”  Peter asked.
Steve released him carefully, and raised his own head, eyes dark and steady.
Steve shut his eyes, and swore softly under his breath.
A friend for an eye, a block for a building… but blood for blood was a theme that just couldn’t be improved upon…
“Like this?”  Steve asked.
Steve was there.  Not so heavy now.  Breathing too.  Asking something, soft, and calm, and imperative.
War Machine angled in for a touch-down beside the entrance to the mall, and noticed something strange on his radar.  Lots of blips converging in on his position, that was to be expected…  but also two moving away terribly, terribly fast.  And with Iron Man down for maintenance and Warbird within sight and coming in -towards- him, there were only two players left in this game that could -move- that fast.
“It’s the most important meal of the day…”  Tony quoted with a smile, inspecting the way the edges of the batter stopped bubbling first.
“…Idiot,” Tony whispered again, and leaned back a little until his shoulders made contact with Steve’s chest.
Nighttime.
Leverage.  Angles.  Totally unnoticeable, if he hadn’t tried to move…
“I gotta knife, you know,” the man in the boxes stated.
How long he had been there, quietly observing Tony like a lion on the African veldt, Tony had no idea.
The kids he had stopped to talk with as Iron Man a few minutes earlier had taken their bikes and left, and the lot where his garage had been stood empty.
“-‘The Midnight Racer’?”  Jerome repeated.
, doesn’t it?”  Peter guessed, carefully.
“Oh, I’m so sorry…”
“Oh, -thanks-…”  Matt muttered philosophically.
“Just the once,” Harry replied quickly, more at Peter than the nurse.
“Do you want to dance?”  Steve asked.
“…Are you
Iron Man frowned for a moment, then glanced down at the brightly glowing device in his chest, and started violently.  He -stared- at it, and half-raised one hand.
“He didn’t esc-!”  (cough, cough)  Tony began, angrily.
The Avengers in full sunlight on the steps of their headquarters a week later, with Steve and Thor standing in the middle.
“-Did I get him?”  Easton asked, blearily.
.  -Not his absolute favorites, but not bad.
“I can’t have your team and my Avengers putting each other in the hospital,” Steve began grimly.  “…So I’m going to ask you to work with War Machine until I can be sure that won’t happen.”
There were other women out there for Tony.  And men.
Steve rejoined Tony in the center of the bed, and Tony pulled the sheets up over both of them.  They lay face to face beneath, and looked at each other by slowly rippling blue-white light.
“Hey.  Don’t do this again, babe,” Tony murmured, “…Come back to me, Captain.”
“HEY!”  Spider Man pinned the barrel holding the Whirlwind to the warehouse floor with a web-net.
Peter wouldn’t
the other student agreed.
Steve stared at it for a long moment, then nodded.  Tony turned back to his scanner, programmed it to filter out the second signal, and gave Steve a thumbs-up.
Steve’s hands gripping low and steady around the base of Tony’s chest, and a feeling that drove the air from his lungs.  A deep shiver that he could almost taste, and Steve’s eyes focused intently up into his.  Fascinated, affectionate, impatient, and
That got a smile from Steve, as Tony had intended it to.  -There were very few people who couldn’t at least laugh at B-3.
“-Experiment,”  Steve said with a blush, and caught his breath with a gasp as he felt Tony’s hand on him again, and saw the beads of cool, clear gel squeezing out through the other man’s fingers as they tightened
He tapped twice on the clutch with a black-handled screwdriver.
The Iron Horse Garage, 4:40 PM.
“Did I kill somebody?”  Peter swallowed.
Steve gave the fragile roof an appraising glance as he walked into the roofless space in the center, red boots crunching on drifts of cinders.
St. Vincent’s Hospital, NYC, 3:08 PM.
The blow shouldn’t have finished him, yet somehow it had.
And she’d smiled.
To his credit the man didn’t go down, though the edge of Steve’s leather mask with the force of Tony’s fist behind it opened a slight, tearing cut along the lower edge of the mystery man’s eye socket.  Far from dazing him, this blow seemed to send the doppelganger
“-Heh.”
Luke pressed the stud on the side of one of his heavy steel wristbands down.
Tony took out the tools he would have needed for a clutch adjustment to make the performance sound better, and grabbed a pencil from the coffee can by the phone.
own accord.
In Captain America’s bathroom.
Indoor shopping mall, Soho, NYC.  1:29 PM (same day).
Luke Cage lifting up a broken slab of re-barred concrete, while one firefighter reached into the space underneath for a trapped child, and another in the foreground gave orders to someone out of the frame.
“Oh yeah, Peter said he used to coach gymnastics,” Harry nodded.
Steve nodded, visibly relieved, and took a breath.  He pulled the zipper of Tony’s green coveralls the rest of the way down, let go of them so they fell to mid-thigh and palmed Tony’s dick through his boxers.  Tony’s fingers tightened abruptly around Steve’s shoulders, and Steve glanced up with concern.
“I was wondering something…”
“Yes.  Or.  No,” Steve asked again, coldly.
Harry ran.
?          My Way                            Frank Sinatra
“-Boy Scout…” and held his own salute a moment longer before dropping it.
“…That just means you’re hoping Steve can come up with a better plan than using me for
, burst after burst at close range, -hammering- the other suit apart with a ferocity that-
Steve ran both hands up along Tony’s chest, thumbs dividing around the casing of the arc reactor and smoothly rubbing around the skin at its base.  Tony caught his breath suddenly, and grabbed Steve’s shoulders, eyes open.
how my enemies love grabbing her…  What if it’s just her and me next time?  Or if Harry-” Peter broke off, and sighed.
Tony frowned uncomfortably.  That hadn’t been what he was trying to say at all.
“-No,
“Friday?”  Peter guessed.
you got magicked down there by the Red Skull in the first place, and decided to pass tha time by trainin’ this birdman kid- -what the hell was your name again…?”
Ass-grab.  Good one.  Fingers gentle and firm, kneading thoughtfully…
Peter rolled his eyes, and pulled on his mask.
“…Are you ever actually going to
“-You too,” Steve agreed, bringing him back in close.  Tony’s gray t-shirt smelled of long storage and light machine oil, but the skin beneath it smelled -right-, like dried sweat, high-tech foam rubber, and… lemons.  …Well, that was the armor, but-
“-M’sorry…”  Tony took a few deep breaths against the collar of Steve’s long tan trench coat, and started to cry.
Unicorn’s only response was a defeated sigh, but Tony’s brow furrowed slightly.
“He’s-” Tony paused, swallowed.  “-He’s probably going to be okay, but they’re not sure what the Goblin did to him.  There’s something in his system that-” Tony broke off, and looked Peter in the eyes, “-do you have any idea what that might be?”
The promising scent of French toast quietly filled the room.
Tony replied, after a good six second pause.
“I’ll do my best,” Steve promised, making a mental note to see what Hank Pym and Thor’s friend Dr. Blake thought of the case.
“It’s called Centralia.  There’s a coal vein under the town that caught fire back in sixty two, and it’s still burning,” Iron Man explained in his rough, mechanical voice.
“Me?”  Peter prompted.
In the center of his chest, the arc reactor shimmered pale blue within its brushed steel casing.
Tony acknowledged.
Nothing.  Asleep.  Peaceful.  Faint shadows under his eyes, but those were just the permanent ones.
…”  Peter’s voice rose.
“Because I have already failed SHIELD, critically.  I know as well as you do that the microwave beam fired from the roof of the SI complex at Iron Man was both deadly and real, but until that moment, I wasn’t aware it existed.”  War Machine paused for a moment, then continued, “-understand me Captain, I would stay an Avenger if I could.  But this is not the best time to leave Stark Industries without a watchdog, and as far as Colonel Fury is concerned, my mission here ended when I revealed my involvement with SHIELD to Iron Man to regain custody of Norman Osborne.”
“-I like the way you think,” Tony decided, with a piratical grin.
“There’s some black cherry you can have in the upstairs freezer,” Tony told him, “-but you
Steve closed his fingers around the warm metal and plastic plug.  He’d seen it before, and it had always reminded him of a telephone switchboard plug from his own time, or the connector for a pilot’s radio headset, long and silver-bright.
Tony sliced a sharp metal edge off of the faceplate of his new helmet, and held it up to the light, gleaming gray.  The shapes came easily to him now, so different from the first time, or even from when he’d cut the Mark II out of an old red classic car body without altering the angles of some of the fairings…
“Try not to step on anyone as you leave,” Hank advised pleasantly, “-they get very upset if they think you’re threatening their queen.”
“By ring-wraiths, were they talking about the Mandarin’s henchmen?”  Steve asked.
Tony leaning one arm against the jukebox, and watching with interest as Steve picked out a song.  It had been something by Johnny Cash that time, Peter remembered-
Okay, so it was actually half past noon, but…  at… at what -point- in history had people decided to do business in the daytime?  Seriously…  It was outmoded.  Antediluvian.  Should have gone out with corsets and Thomas Edison.  Actually, corsets could stay.  But daytime operation was ridiculous…  Even computers thought better in the cool of night, so why wouldn’t a-
“Well- -I borrowed it from a friend, actually…”  Steve said, trying to sound casual.
“What?”  Tony blinked.
, and the black one’s there for timing control.  This little white one with the red collar’s just there to record engine time, so that wasn’t important.”
G-12   The End                          The Doors
“Tony, are you up?”  Peter called up the stairs.
, do I make myself clear?”
Colonel Fury was looking over the map on General Dunn’s folding table with disapprobation and a thick red grease pencil.  Dum-dum Dugan was relaying orders to someone across the river over his radio.
Steve glanced up, unwittingly breathing lightly across Tony’s skin.
-Of course.  The man had been trained in counter-espionage, after all…
“-The new one,” Peter nodded, “-right.”
“Heheh…”  Steve leaned in, and nuzzled the base of Tony’s ribcage.  This close to the reactor’s power sockets, he could feel the faintest brush of a static charge against the outer edge of his hair…
Steve asked.
He’d slept in the grass, woken up with the dawn, and watched a butterfly dry its wings.
“More like a gelatinous ooze-” began Spider-Man, “-I think I still had some of the goop dried on my glove before that scarf guy threw me in the river…”
“Whose record is this?”  The Scarlet Witch asked, stopping the turntable of the record player in the common room that had been left playing when the mission alarm sounded.
General Dunn’s national guardsmen saluted him, and he saluted them back.  The few SHIELD agents did not salute, but they let him pass unchallenged, and seemed to draw themselves up a little as he walked by.
The glow of the hand-repulsor facing War Machine dimmed, and Tony lowered it.
And there was not a damn thing either of them could do to change that now.
He talked too much, and he was too careful, and he thought cutting off a litany of swearwords with a kiss wasn’t obvious.
Tony’s stomach clenched a little, and he shivered.  It felt good, just like-
It was good to be home.
Steve looked beautiful wet.  The heat of the shower brought out the healthy color of his skin as if he’d just finished a workout, and the water plastered his hair to his skull, darkening the blonde a shade or two.  A smooth comma the color of winter wheat straw hung down over Steve’s left eye, adding the visual impression of a lowered hat-brim to his warm, knowing glance.
“Yeah, it seems ta be stuck.  …I’m gonna go get a- -torch,” Tony decided, his voice moving away.
“He’s already up on the roof,” Tony yelled back, over the first crashing chords of
“Yez got annybody?”  Leonard asked.
“You mean like Power Man?”  Tony asked.
trailed to a close, and the jukebox clicked off, leaving the garage in silence.
Poor Zachary.  The kid deserved better parents than those two, even if there had been a certain clannish satisfaction in watching Morgan do something right for a change, at Sunset Bain’s expense…
Tony opened his eyes to late 1972, and let out the breath he’d taken.
.  Steve was-
He touched down with a crunch of tarred gravel on the roof of a defunct local nightclub, and walked out to the edge of the roof to people-watch for a while.  Some long-haired kids with an acoustic guitar spotted him from the square below, pointed, and waved.
He drew a small oval in the center of the page freehand, and then ruler-straight radial lines out from that shape, one for each idea he had of what to do with the money from the garage.  There were still too many of them…
“Surprise me.”
“I’ll return your book when I get back into town,” Steve promised, setting his dishes in the sink.
Tony realized aloud,
“Yes?”  Tony looked up.
“He helped us against the Mandarin’s henchmen last week,” Steve answered Peter,  “-he also stopped Attuma’s forces when they tried to sneak into the Atlantic through the Panama Canal, and he backed up Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch when the Lava-men had them pinned down on 48th st.-”
Tony stood, dusting off his hands, and regarded the approaching director of SHIELD with no favor.
The Iron Horse Garage, 8:49 PM.
Time to fix that.
That wasn’t a nest Tony felt like disturbing for the sake of a broken radio.
The Skull made one last desperate bid to reach the cube, but Peter was reeling him in, binding more and more of his limbs back with weblines.  The Red Skull turned on him with a wild light of anger in his eyes and charged, yelling murderously.  Peter was pretty sure he couldn’t be grabbed again, but he dodged anyway, using the move to loop all the weblines connected to the Skull around one of the brass bedposts.
Tony caught his breath, but he couldn’t honestly say he was surprised that Steve had figured it out.
“Not anymore, no,” Hank agreed with a hard look, and shut the door again.
Steve told him shortly,
“Hi Steve,” he smiled, instead.
“Yeah, yeah, c’mon in, the light’s attracting moths,” Tony said, motioning him forwards impatiently.
”  Tony asked, with increasing fascination.
“Delighted, I’m sure,” said Jarvis, offering Steve his hand.
Since the arc reactor normally operated around one point five Gigajoules anyway, that wasn’t a pressing issue… but it did mean that nothing he possessed short of the arc itself could power his armor, even if by some miracle the magnets sustaining his heart could be hooked up to a suitably powerful outside source- -
holiday, after all, and it has been…”  Jarvis trailed off, and he and the man he’d practically raised looked at each other for a long moment.
Whitney draped herself artfully onto Tony’s half of the bed in a way that arguably counted as payback, and waggled her fingers at him.
Pictures of each motorcycle Steve had custom painted had been on this wall.  …Did Peter still have the negatives?
War Machine had faded into the background as a retainer of Stark Industries, neither flashy in his style, nor much given to speechmaking.  He became a hero in his own right after thwarting an incident in London, almost to the surprise of his official employers… though they lost no time capitalizing on it.  Unlike Iron Man, War Machine often traveled outside the United States, acting as both bodyguard and implied threat.
“Bucky was never given the super soldier serum, you know,” Steve stated, hands clasped behind his back.
Tony’s eyes widened a little, and he caught his breath.
“-Thanks,” Tony motioned him to the cracked green leather couch to one side of the jukebox.
The Theatre District, 9:20 PM.
For now he
“You know, my identity as Captain America has often required me to deceive my commanding officers and NCOs in the past.  Not by directly lying you understand, but by pretending to be the laziest, cheekiest, most useless goldbrick in my platoon.  In short, by ensuring that the question ‘are you Captain America?’ would never enter their minds at all.  The times and the situation demanded it.  The
“So I hear,” Steve agreed.
Ben put his head out the door.
Steve’s loft, 6:48 AM (same day).
Iron Man snarled,
, Pym,” Tony growled.
“I got here early, and I didn’t want to wake you,” Peter shrugged.
Steve got him one.  It was olive green, with oddly simple stitching on both ends that made Peter mortally certain there were museum directors who would kill him for it with a clear conscience.  But it was clean, so he asked no questions.
“-So I was thinking of doing my history paper on the biker gangs of the fifties- you know, because we’ve got some customers who were around for that, and we could ask to them-”  Peter began, without preamble.
“…I don’t want talk about it,” Steve said, quietly.  “-The others, are- -are they safe?”
“-Now then… the rest of the Avengers know damn well what you pulled because I had to divert Spider-man from helping -them- when you decided to take off.  What they don’t know is that you were working for SHIELD at the time, because Iron Man told me that part privately.  And that information will go no further unless you want it to.  The life of a SHIELD agent is short enough, from what I’ve seen.”
Tony drank his coffee, and waited until he could hold the liquid in the cup steady before going in.
Tony flopped onto the two-thirds of the cracked green leather couch that Steve wasn’t occupying, and used the blonde’s jean-covered thigh for a pillow.
“You saw
He’d also found the first of the bugs on the bike already, snugged up under the frame itself just beneath the Harley’s gas tank.  -It had been hard to pin down because it was using the entire frame as a transmitter.
He set all the joints of his armor except for the ones controlling his right arm to ‘lock’ mode, and unplugged his armor’s main power connector from the right hand socket of the arc reactor.  The internal power died with a whisper, and Tony was alone.  He could hear his increasingly ragged breathing more clearly now, and his chest was really beginning to hurt…
“Tony?”  A familiar voice said.
The scientist was working over by one of the lab sinks, carefully adding single drops of various chemicals to a densely-packed rack of test tubes, and noting down the results on a clipboard.  Innocent enough.
Tony reached behind the Green Goblin’s point-eared metal mask, and felt the scratch of a catch.  He pressed it, and removed the mask, letting the monstrosity fall to the cracked pavement far below.
Tony looked around the now -quieter- garage with satisfaction.
Smiling, Tony reached inside for his armor.
He’d been on television from time to time as Iron Man- -he was now, in fact- -but he hadn’t seen the name ‘Tony Stark’ shown on in bold white news capitals for over half a decade and he found the experience deeply unsettling.
War Machine unfolded himself after a long moment, standing tall above the railing of the roof, then jumped clean over it into the deep gulf of air below, no jets.  He fired them barely thirty stories from the ground, caught himself, and cruised away unobtrusively in the direction his shoulder-weapon had tracked earlier.  War Machine -had- the Avengers’ communication frequencies already, and even if he couldn’t decode Tony and Peter’s private channel, it would probably get his attention.
Tony blinked, then frowned darkly.  His wrench paused in mid-turn.
The scratch-built Mark III had been the first suit that was really as dangerous to his enemies as it was to himself, and he still had it in storage, repaired and re-sealed after his near-disastrous battle with the Black Knight over an airship moored above the East River.
you been doing on this blanket?”  Tony murmured, looking up with a smirk.
Tony watched both man and shield return to the bed with close attention.
Tony took his thermal shirt off, and flicked it at Steve’s knee.  More twitching, muttered words Tony couldn’t catch.  He tried it again.
“AH-!  Friggin’christ!”
Steve said, touching the base of his left wing.
“Finders-”  Peter webbed the Skull’s back, and jerked him away from the glowing cube on the floor by the closet-  “-keepers!”
“No, no, I’ve got this…”  Tony assured him, rummaging noisily in the back.
“Yes.”
Steve kissed him again.  Tony let go of his collar.
For now though-
“She was IN the encyclopedia, actually,” Tony smiled, “
More tools would be nice.  He could have asked War Machine.  No, no way in hell, it would be an insult if that question succeeded.  Hell, the tools would probably be bugged.  He would have to microwave them to be sure.  Probably kill the microwave, and oh yeah, Steve didn’t plan on getting one.  What if microwaving didn’t do the trick?  What kind of metal circuitry would survive being -  Crystal.  Crystal grown or glass poured around breadboard-style conductive pathway striping… like a clear breadboard.  …A circuit that was designed to melt while in use.  God, what would the
“Jogging, I
Partially converted warehouse near Central Park, NYC.  5:03 PM (same day).
Tony broke the kiss, and looked down at the blonde thoughtfully.
“That wasn’t the sort of party where you stop to chat, but I’d meant to ask you earlier- -what’s that device you have…?”  Steve drew a circle in the air in front of his own chest.
More, and louder screaming, though less outright terrified now.  A heavy clang, and the bootjets cut out.
He guided the fingers of Tony’s right hand around one of the arm straps, and closed them.  The leather was
“-Uh-uh-h…”  Peter replied, with a jerky shake of his head.
The Baxter Building 8:28 AM (same day).
He waited a moment until he was sure Tony was actually
Steve came back in with cups of hot chocolate, and handed them each one.  He remained standing in the doorway afterwards, pretty well blocking it.
Tony stopped shivering.  Focused enough to complete the action of swallowing.  Breathed.
A heavy metal gauntlet settled quietly on Peter’s left shoulder, and stayed there.
The Velociraptors crept out from beneath the tree line on their left, and eyed the remaining red and blue humans with interest.  They seemed to have no visible claws or fangs, and the smaller one didn’t seem to have jaws at
started.
Whatever it was, Peter ate quickly and left.
“No.  Tell me about Vietnam.  I’ve never really understood that conflict.”
was well into the pentouple digits.
Avengers Tower, NYC.  8:20 AM.
Tony snarled.
The Iron Horse Garage, upstairs bathroom, 8:40 PM.
“-Oh,” Harry said wryly, after a long moment of mental arithmetic.
The thug fell out onto the pavement with a cry, and lay there holding his head.
“No, no, uh… what’s up?”
Tony wondered.
Peter replied, as if he was leaning off the side of the building and squinting.
All brave, all good men and women with undeniable talents and powers, but none of them with the power to survive the blast of a fuel/air bomb and the long minutes without oxygen until the air cleared afterwards.  …If it ever -would- have cleared, in Centralia.
Iron Man’s eye-slits flickered pale orange.
, “-less talking, more long johns…”
“Now…”  He said, “-let’s try that one again…”
Warmonger blew away half the empty silo Iron Man was using for cover, and it began to tip over.  Cap was thrown left towards where the Scarlet Witch was, but Iron Man and Fury were still on the same side of the platform, and had to dive for it to avoid the falling metal tower.
“You weren’t on your way somewhere, were ya?”  Jerome asked, finally.
The room was a long rectangle of open floor with large windows spaced evenly along the entire length of the outer wall.  It reminded Tony of a dance studio or martial arts dojo, except for the kitchen built into the short left-hand wall, and the modest pile of cardboard boxes surrounding Steve’s old Army foot locker against the right-hand one.  There was a doorway set into the right-hand wall as well, open and shadowed.
“Atomic power,” Iron Man replied shortly, looking around and reading the symbols on the chemical silos around them, “-if we win, everybody here loses.”
War Machine hesitated, as Steve had been almost certain he would.
“Sweet kid,” Whitney observed when they heard the door shut after him, and feet descending the stairs.
Tony traced the cut on his lip nervously with the tip of his tongue.
“-Thanks,” he said, staring dully down at the rising wisps of steam.
“I- -yes.”
War Machine in flight, lifting a city bus.
Tony nodded, and continued his sweep.
“It’s a good thing this didn’t happen when Harry was younger,” Tony reflected.
“I’ve decided to take a road trip,” Steve said, instead.
Purple, green, yellow, white, swirling together into shades and overtones he couldn’t immediately name.  …Red.  This needed red.
“-You’re not hung over,” Peter stated, holding the sunglasses out of range pointedly.
While they were very good at multiplying the
dollars, and finally been able to pursue a few pet projects of hers, like launching the Van Dyne fashion label, and sponsoring New York’s first official and completely unrelated superhero team.  It had been a hell of an undertaking, and Hank had quietly and sullenly began to fade from a moody and ineffective team captain to just one name on the Avengers growing team roster to… just Jan’s.
“Definitely,” Tony nodded, “-hang on,”  he shuffled the papers into a pile, and stuck his pencil behind his ear.
As Tony’s only known employee and Iron Man’s regular in-costume partner, Peter was already doubly vulnerable, but with the Green Goblin (apparently) targeting Spider-man…  What if a reporter decided to do a human-interest piece, and mentioned Aunt May or Mary Jane by name?
“Well, that’s a welcome sight…”  Tony grinned behind his faceplate.
Avengers Tower training room, 4:37 AM.
“Isn’t Carnelia kind of scary and dictatorial?”  Peter pointed out, uneasily.
It glowed suddenly brighter between his fingers, and Peter was flung across the room into the closet door by a bolt of crackling yellow energy.  The handcuffs simply ceased to exist, and the man surged to his feet, the glowing object held high and threateningly in his upraised hand.
Tony breathed, as the speed of his flight flash-cooled his armor plates,
But what if the man in the boxes-
Misty’s catlike light brown eyes wandered over the rest of the loft.  The long rectangular room was now home to a scattering of brass and bronze-bodied lamps.  No two lamps were the same, but when taken together they all seemed to belong, gleaming dull gold against the smooth wooden floor, and contrasting with the deep red brick of the walls.
Bits of conversation came to him, a memory within a memory.  They weren’t important.
Tony found the stairwell, gimmicked the lock, and walked up quickly.  He snuck around the carpeted upper levels of some kind of office building until he found a building plan on the wall, and let himself into the security room.
Tony forced his eyes to stay open, forced himself to watch this, and accept the reality.
“Umm… why?”  Peter wanted to know.
Steve liked being ordinary.
And he -had-.
But, Tony thought screwing the left cover back on, his enemies didn’t have to know about that.
The fireman because the girl was -very- pretty, and since she’d used her dress to protect her hands from the spider-web zip line, she was now in nothing but her underwear and one red high-heeled shoe…
“WATCH OUT!”  Fury yelled.
Luke paused with his fist cocked back, and decided to let them fight.
“Oh, that’s original,” Peter muttered, reading over Tony’s shoulder anyway.
…Tony still had nightmares about that one.
“You’re all right now,” Steve smiled, helping his still-unsteady ally sit up in the unpowered suit of armor.
“…Seen what a villain can do when it’s personal?”  Peter guessed, quietly.
Luke asked.  …They’d nearly been arrested for hassling two glider-mounted SHIELD agents already…
Lead rain cut across Luke’s face and chest with all the impact of a handful of thrown pea-gravel.  Luke squinted.  He had only caught a bullet in the eye once, but having one of those suckers stuck under his eyelid while still hot from the barrel wasn’t something he -ever- wanted to try again, even momentarily.
Also used:
“Well, if wishes were horses,” Tony shrugged, hands in his pockets.
“No, no, just put ‘em all in a bag, and bring ‘em in.”
“No,” Tony agreed, “-I’m not.”
And then he saw something that looked more like the surface of the moon, a daytime image…  An irregular pile of pale gravel and ash, melted in places, surrounded on two and a half sides by a fragile-looking cinderblock shell.
Steve got out two Cokes, and gave Tony one.
Choose the day and choose the sign of your day
at the lovely, entwined shape his female teammates made, Steve turned around abruptly, the blush on his face and ears deepening.
“I -hate- it when they do that…”  Luke began.
“-That goddamn hack…”  Tony sighed, jotting down the wiring information on the back of a flyer that had come with the furniture.  “-Why couldn’t he just leave well enough alone… …tried to fucking kill me…  …microwave the wax out of his pointy little mustache…  …lazy turd…”
and his friend had only revealed his masked identity in the first place in an attempt to keep
“Yes?”  Peter looked over at him.
“Tony?”  Peter began, hesitantly.
Hank’s test tubes weren’t even smoking… but those were reactive, not active agents.
“…Art school?  Seriously?”  Tony asked, after a moment’s reflection.
Avengers Tower living quarters, 2:48 AM (same night).
Tony had seen enough.
“I’ll take a Coke, if you have one,” Steve replied, with a slight smile.
“They say he’s gotta helmet,” the coward volunteered.
“Me?”  Harry asked, walking over towards the desk.
“What’s this for?”  Steve asked quickly, pointing out the black, boxy device on the floor without touching it, “-I don’t remember seeing it here before.”
Fury pinched the bridge of his nose between finger and thumb, and ground out the butt of his cigar in the unused white saucer of his coffee cup.
“Can I do something to your shield?”  Tony asked, looking slightly mischievous.
Some time later, he heard a sizzle as butter met pan.  Tony looked up, his face perfectly blank.
of her, he might as well find out what Warbird’s first name was…
“Not exactly, no…”  Tony grinned back, relaxing.
“See for yourself,” the fireman replied, and levered the thin steel sheeting aside with a crowbar.
the fifteenth.”  Tony picked up a pencil and started writing out a list on a piece of scrap paper.
“Mmm.  S’good to see you…”  Tony replied, “-put your hand on the bed frame, would ya?”
“It was right at dawn, when I was up on the roof setting up my gear.  He was just flying in a straight line, you know?  Like he had somewhere to be.  I think he was comin’ up from somewhere east of here, maybe across the river.”
“Ah!”  Harry gasped, doubling forward with a wince.
Tony instructed.
“Well…”  Steve began, putting an arm around him, “-welcome home, Captain.”
“Oh?  What kind of books?”  Steve asked, carefully.
“Well that’s the question, isn’t it…?”  Tony agreed, setting his jeweler’s glass down on the desk and leaning back in his chair a little.
“Cap-” Fury continued, stabbing Steve in the chest with a finger, “-if that goddamn hippie breathes a word of what he saw here today, I’m holding you personally responsible.  Lt. Farrell, if forensics tells me any o’ this evidence is fucked up now, your ass is in a
“Yes?
“Thank you, Tony.  For everything,” Steve said, looking him in the eyes.
Iron Man ordered.
Scarlet Witch ignored her teammates, and hexed one of the Warmonger’s shoulder-guns into jamming.
The Iron Horse Garage, 2:40 PM.
“I’m going to find out,” Steve promised, frowning down at the charred glider again.
“That’s because you’re drunk,” Steve told him dryly, “-but you’re standing in your underwear on a cold concrete floor, and its forty degrees out.”
“Sure,” Harry entered the combination.
Why brown leather?  Tony wondered suddenly.  Why
“What would you do if you had a million dollars?”  Tony asked doggedly, feeling a bit ridiculous.
“Heh.  -No,” Tony laughed, “-you look way too much like I did ten years ago.”
against that texture…  Fingers gripping Steve’s shoulder, and Tony’s hand palming both of them in a loose circle, which would have been even better with-
Oh, he could use this…
Steve would have been able to discern the clink of forged-steel cuffs beneath the rattle of his descending keys.
“Political asylum and a nice datcha within driving distance of Moscow if I defected,” Tony grinned, “-I had to turn him down.”
“Yeah,” Sam agreed.
But he did owe Peter an apology.  Superhero or not, Peter was still…
?          My Boy                              Elvis
“It’s time to define what the Avengers
Tony was beneath him now, dick rising smooth and hard along Steve’s own, too goddamned
On the other hand he couldn’t simply let the arc run down until it was safe to disconnect, because the transistorized magnets that kept his heart from failing would run out of power at least forty thousand volts before that happened.
“Should I tell the others they can come in, then?”  MJ asked.
“Horrified at the revelation that I faked missing a decimal point in order to hire him, but otherwise just fine.”  Tony replied, with a slight smirk.
“Fine,”  Fury said, turning back to Steve,  “-so while you two were enjoyin’ the sunburn, sand an’ local hostilities, you’re tellin’ me that back at the ranch,
Black.  Black and battleship gray, like an oil slick across the world.  Now the red and blue made sense.  Were contained, bordered right.  Still too much though…
Five times his gun kicked in his hands, the sound of each shot clear and louder than anything else in his ears.  As his finger was tightening around the trigger a sixth time, Easton was hit with a flying tackle from the side and his shot went wide, passing through the coat-sleeve of a fleeing shopper and plowing into the wall beyond.
Tony fired his bootjets and took off straight into it, tracking the signal from Peter’s Spider-comm. in his peripheral vision.  The kid could outrun a police cruiser when he really got swinging, and the next fire wasn’t far away.
Tony snarled.
‘Because somebody has to…’  Matt thought, frowning a little.
“You’ve earned this,” Tony said with a tight smile, tapping the end of Peter’s diploma.
“…Ah,” Peter swallowed, and did the same with his Coke.
that I might be smack in tha middle of a delicate internal investigation here?  Tha kind that’s set back six months or MORE if some yahoo drops a line to the press about it?”
“Well…”  Tony thought about the tools he had at present, and tapped thoughtfully against the steel outer casing with the handle of a small screwdriver.  “-I can get you back up to about two hundred and fifty pounds of mechanical force, but it won’t be pretty.”
Steve was magnificent, angry.
Pulling up on the stick, and lifting them up out of the loud jungle into the pale coolness of a faint crosswind.  Screaming in the compartment aft, but dead, dying or violently alive they were all free now, the sky opening in front of them like the hazy blue of an oil painting… just so long as none of those guns they could still hear chattering in the canopy below got lucky.
Hopefully Steve was right about him, but if not…  Tony would be ready.
“Tony Stark.  I shoulda known,” Fury growled, glancing venomously between Steve and Lt. Farrell.
A thought struck Spider Man, and he snagged one of the scattering blue barrels with a web-line.  He swung it wide, aiming towards but not -at- his opponent.  Whirlwind took the bait, and spun easily out of range… right into Spider Man’s second web line.  The crook rolled up the line fast-
“A- a little, but-”
“-Scoot forward,” Tony instructed, taking a handful of his clothes and moving off the couch.
Steve looked from Tony to the hole melted in the door, and back again.
“Tony… we didn’t lose
,” Harry grinned.
Tony had been wrong.
“Good morning, Peter,” he said, in a voice that was dangerously calm.
have to do with things
The ruins of the Iron Horse Garage, 12:01 PM (same day).
War Machine doing here?”  Tony asked, numbly.
Slowly.
“You okay?”
Hank let him sweat for a minute or so more, then opened the door and handed Tony a roll of white cloth, a small toolbox, and the glove he’d asked for.
Harry smiled a little, and gathered his sharpening wits for what promised to be a very challenging Q&A session.
Which was extremely hot, but… …damn, Steve was
?”  Fury demanded.
“Of course not.  You’d never be able to get the carpet replaced in here fast enough.”
“Yes it was,” Tony sighed.
“Okay… that’s good,” Tony sighed.  He poured a cup of coffee for himself, and leaned back against the counter.  “So,” Tony began, nodding towards the muted television on the counter across from them, “-what else got hit?”
Steve blushed, not altogether pleased.
“That- -that was you?”  The chain stopped rattling, “-jeez, I’m sorry… I- -guess I was in the can or summthin’…”
friends help you move rubble.”
tools.  They were already cleaned and oiled anyway…
“W- not that I know of.  Most of the imagery is from a fantasy novel.  …I just wanted to play you something where the good guys didn’t get screwed,” Tony grinned.
