Steve isn’t very familiar with relationships, especially not those of the serious and healthy variety, and the only person he knows that is would be Sam, who only tells him to follow his heart and talk about shit, like Steve’s actually going to listen to
Downstairs there is absolutely no cereal, a pot of coffee on top of the TV, an aisle of the stove still on, and a dog in a cardboard box on the couch. He spends a long minute staring at the box wondering how it got there and also how it became full of a dog, until he ultimately decides that maybe this is what Bucky was yelling about. The house appears to be empty though, and Steve assumes Bucky is now trying to rectify the situation at hand. He goes into the kitchen and fixes himself some instant oatmeal.
. Your cock is so hard already.”
. Tony does more than borrow trouble; Tony makes trouble. The way he’s eyeing Steve is trouble, the way he lets his arms hang limply at his sides and offers himself up is trouble. Steve’s heart is pounding and a hot, mean arousal is sitting in his gut. He wants to ruin Tony, wants to make him cry right here in the workshop, wants to watch him fall apart because Steve made him. Reunions always make him more possessive than usual and Steve just can’t help himself when he tightens his hold on Tony’s hair even further and drags him over to the couch tucked into the corner of the room. Tony follows obediently, a smile spreading across his face.
“I’m not complaining,” he laughs, kissing the top of Tony’s head.
This takes Steve by surprise because a) he hadn’t realized he’d turned into the neighborhood punk, and it kind of stings that everyone knew this but him, and b) he didn’t think this would be where the conversation went.
Steve just laughs, however, “Oh but you do, Stark. You could have anyone and yet here you are, so hard and wet and about to pop, just for me. Just admit it sweet thing, you’ve been—oh
, aren’t you?”
“Yeah.”
Steve blinks, “We aren’t dating.”
“I heard you.”
Now he’s being tortured by satellite radio and wondering if he really does blush and giggle and just generally act a fool whenever he thinks about Steve. It’s probably true. Pepper wouldn’t lie. She probably just genuinely thinks they’re a nice couple; plenty of people have said as much. He and Steve go well together and they’re very much in love and no one thinks that’s something to make fun of, right. It’s not embarrassing to be in love with your boyfriend or for people to be able to see it on your face.
“Thank you daddy.”
The building Rumlow lives in is sort of nice but also really kind of dirty because he lives there with some older guy named Rollins who keeps him on a leash like a toy and also refuses to stop drinking on his front steps. Rollins has a real job and has lived in the neighborhood forever; he was around when Steve was a kid and now he’s keeping some dude as a pet. His mother doesn’t know but she’d probably be absolutely and totally lost by the idea because she’s old and innocent like that.
Tony though, for all of his messy, clumsy affection, doesn’t react badly. Instead, he crawls into the bed with Steve and forces him to make eye contact. His eyes are very brown and pretty and Steve wants to say that too. He doesn’t know what’s gotten into him to make him this weird vocal person.
“Thanks?” he yells back hesitantly. Sam and Clint emerge from around the corner, nodding their agreement.
taps me on the shoulder. And I’m like, y’know, what the hell does this guy want? So I turn around and y’all know how I get when I’m off my ass,” he looks around at all of them and everyone nods because hell yeah, they know how he gets when he’s drunk, “and the dude is just like, breathing too heavy and shit and he’s like “is that little red thing yours?” like Nat’s s-some kind of fucking car on the street or some shit and I can’t just, y’know, let ‘im talk ‘bout my girl like that so I’m like okay fuck off asshole, and Sam comes over to the bar and he’s like, bein’ Sam and he’s like “what’s goin’ on here?” when he realizes who this fucking dicktip is and he’s like “hey
Tony steps closer, “Why?”
“Steve,” he croaks. Steve’s eyes go so soft and tender that it only makes Tony cry some more and he has to clear hiss throat before he can go on. He feels bad that he missed so much of Steve’s vows freaking out, and he doesn’t want Steve to feel panic anywhere close to the levels of anxiety that just shocked his system, so Tony pulls himself together. Even if Steve doesn’t hear him or thinks his vows are stupid, Tony can still say he said them and that’s what matters. He tells Steve (and everyone else) about when they first met and how badly he wanted Steve to like him, to just think he was a good person worth talking to because being friends with Steve was a blessing. Tony tells him that he doesn’t believe in God but he believes in science and Steve; he believes in Steve’s ability to care for him and nurture him and just do the right thing. He tells everyone that he knows he wouldn’t be who he is if not for the man standing in front of him. Tony looks over at Sarah and she’s stopped crying but she’s smiling the way her son does, and Tony cries even more, tears sliding down his hot cheeks as he stammers through this whole idiotic speech.
“Y’know Steve, don’t take this the wrong way, but Tony is the only guy you’ve fucked that I’ve ever liked,” Bucky calls as he hangs his and Natasha’s coats. Steve is very glad that Tony has already fallen asleep.
“Oh they’ll
and move in together, and the only person he does those things with is Bucky. Plus, Steve will get complacent. He’s going to start expecting every man to treat him this way, and so he’ll stay with Tony until Tony leaves him and then he’ll be on his ass in a daze, waiting for some special case like Tony Stark’s awful ass to come along and make his chest hurt and he’ll never find it. He’ll probably end up becoming celibate or addicted to OxyContin.
“She’s definitely feeling pretty good about it,” Rhodey laughs and points down to the beach where Pepper is laid out, decidedly unbothered. Tony’s glad. He’s extremely happy, actually.
Steve sighs, long and luxuriously, “Feelin’ so good. Thank you.” And he makes grabby hands at Tony until he strips himself of the t shirt and briefs he must have slipped into and crawls into bed with Steve, kissing at the back of his neck and trailing clever fingers down his spine
“I’m gonna miss you so much.”
“Fuck you,” Tony mumbles, “I was right, I did what-,”
On another hand, Steve could be terribly put off by this. He’s seen good marriages and he’s familiar with touches that don’t lead to fucking, but maybe he doesn’t want that with Tony. They’ve spent years being
“You are though. You might not get an opportunity like this again, Steve. And I know you want to go.”
blushing, blue eyes blinking up at Tony in that way that makes something stir in his gut. He looks nervous and excited. He looks like he’s so terribly, sickeningly happy to be right where he is and that makes Tony smile. Tony feels like he could about bubble over with joy.
Steve shrugs and settles onto a stool while he waits for their shots and pitcher of beer, “I am not. Craig Johnson was an apprentice at a shop and wanted to show off, so he tattooed me in the bathroom.”
“No. I like the Brooklyn clubs; they’re cute yeah? I got a couple of hipster places, some really swanky rich people joints, even a few places approved by Punk Master James. I’ve got my hands in everything.”
sweatshirt, moaning and pleading in his lap is just too much. Once his cock springs free, pink and drooling and rock hard, Steve takes both of their lengths into his hand and starts a slow rhythm. Tony stairs down at their fat cockheads peaking out of Steve’s fist, his own gone dark and nearly purple with need, Steve’s perfect and fair and practically weeping precome. The slide is smooth and uninterrupted; the only noise in the room in their heavy breathing and the sensual slap of skin on skin. It gets Steve even hotter, the sounds of their frantic lovemaking, knowing that neither of them wanted to wait to have the other.
“Definitely not a crime,” Steve shrugs, “I was just wondering. Your little face is always pouting too.”
“I hope this shit is worth it,” she says upon sliding into the passenger seat. She’s in a pair of those high waisted jeans shorts that are all the rage now and some Timberlands that aren’t conducive to the heat but she doesn’t look like a try hard. Instead she looks like a movie star or something as she juts her chin out for Bucky to light her cigarette.
“No!” Clint interjects excitedly. Natasha leads them down another street. No one is really paying attention to where they’re going except her and maybe Sam.
The two of them spend a few hours getting acquainted with the house. Tony gives the nickel tour, surprised that he even remembers the layout considering his family hasn’t been skiing in nearly a decade, and Steve pretends to be unimpressed as usual. They shower and fall asleep on the couch in the middle of
“So like. Friends with benefits?”
Tony blinks, smiles, “Is that all you’re after? My body?” he teases.
Tony rolls his eyes, “Have you met me?” he whispers hotly. Steve’s hands are so huge that his fingers overlap on the back of Tony’s head and he threads those fingers through dark brown curls and
They go out, eat some fancy Thai food, get photographed by a few paparazzo, nothing serious. When Toni is alone a crowd of them will follow her, but if Steve is around they’re immediately too intimidated and will fan out. Steve is glad that there aren’t that many of them on this particular night; it’s nice out, and it might be the last evening of good weather for a while. He wants to walk through the park with Toni, watch the setting sun play with the colors in her hair. He wants to watch her eyes glaze over in anticipation of what’s in store for her later that night. So he tugs her wrist and they walk the few blocks to the nearest park. She’s in a pair of fitted trousers that hug her ass nicely, and Steve inserts his hand in her back pocket.
. Steve drops his bag right at the entrance of the lab, throws off his jacket, and strides over to stand behind Tony.
Steve sighs, obviously blissed out. His eyes are barely tracking, honestly, but he looks like he’s trying to convey something to Tony. Tony just nods like he understands, simpering sympathetically, “Yeah I know baby, I
“I…thanks,” Steve says, wrapping his arms around Tony’s neck and pulling so that his boyfriend would catch the hint and lift him off the ground. Steve secretly loved being picked up and placed about by Tony’s hands, and Tony knew that, but he kept it a secret just the same. He would never do it in front of any of Steve’s friends, or poke fun at Steve for it, because that’s just how Tony was. He just
Tony’s pictured it for so long, but the actual event is nothing he could’ve cooked up. Despite years with Tony, and therefore years getting used to being in the public eye (Howard Stark’s prodigal son gets his fair share of press), Steve is an incredibly private person. He compiles a guest list with less than 50 people on it, much to Pepper’s chagrin. He wants this day to be about them and the people they love, and Tony likes that idea. He wishes, vaguely, that his mother could see this, could see just how happy he could be. Because as he looks around at the way Pepper has transformed the first floor of the mansion and the garden around back, as he considers the truly idiotic hijinks his fiancé and his best man are probably up to, Tony is happier than he dared to ever dream.
The Argument goes down in their romantic history as the most epic battle of all time and they vow to never have one again. That last month had been really tolling on the both of them, full of petty disagreements that led to these huge screaming matches and things they never meant were always said. The clarity The Argument provided them with becomes sort of invaluable, no matter how painful it is to think about sometimes. In moments of deep rooted insecurity on both of their parts they can remember what was said that day and be the people the other sees them as. It’s… weird to say the least, to put so much trust in the goodness of someone else, but Steve does this because Tony gives him the same faith and because he never wants to doubt Tony’s affection for him again. He doesn’t like feeling like he doesn’t deserve the kind of care Tony provides him with, and the older man has told him time and time again that he doesn’t have to feel that way and he trusts Tony’s word. He trusts him when he tells Steve that he’s in love with him, despite the ugly things about him, if not because of them. The feeling is so foreign and unspeakably new that he can’t help but constantly talk about it.
and a comfortable looking sweater and running shoes. His hair isn’t gelled either, and it’s making something uncomfortable and happy stir in the pit of Steve’s stomach. He wants to run his fingers through that stupid untamed mess and count the grey hairs he can find at Tony’s temples. They already spend so much time cuddled up together that he’s managed to count the ones in Tony’s beard, it’s only right that he get a start on his head. Steve craves the sweet relief of blunt force trauma to the head.
about it or try and maybe it’s not how married people fuck and say I love you but it’s working for them.
“I will. I want to.”
“It’s not about the award. I
“Daddy please,” he whines, trying to speed the process along. Tony loves foreplay, he loves seeing Steve strung out on pleasure and shaking and begging, but Steve wants the main event. Patience is not a virtue Steve was born with, unfortunately.
, and
They pull apart for real, but Steve stays close. It’s been like two weeks since they last saw each other. Even though their schools are only an hour apart, they don’t get to see each other as often as they’d like. Steve doesn’t have a car (he barely has a license), for one thing, and he has class, work, and crew practice for another. He’s a busy man and so is Tony. But that doesn’t matter because now they have a week to themselves. Steve puts the flowers in a mug full of water on his desk, gets changed into nicer clothes (though Tony does love him in comfy sweats and his tight athletic t-shirt) and they head out. The place Tony made reservations at is one they’ve never been to and while Steve may complain about the bill, he gets a perverse satisfaction at consuming as many fancy steaks as possible and Tony is happy to indulge.
“And you want to marry him?”
, a second edition.
“Shut up.”
In retaliation Steve ducks down and raspberries into Tony’s armpit.
They’re both lonely and it’s been a long time, so Steve doesn’t fault her the night that she hides a name that isn’t his under her breath while riding him. With her mouth bent in hunger, she chases wildly after something she sees beyond Steve.
Sucked dry and leaking, he ragdolls back.
“Well, yeah, Dad, I’m upset. You bought Netflix!”
Truthfully, Steve tells him, “I’m not above it.”
Steve doesn’t come—doesn’t get to follow Tony that far—and hates himself for even hoping, for trying to seek forgiveness so cheaply.
“Frame, picture,” Tony supplies stupidly, his heart running at what has to be light-speed.
“Nana,” Peter mimics at the mention.
“Play it. Start at the first timestamp with pertaining keywords.”
Tony heaves an exasperated sigh. “Neat. He says it’s neat. Yeah, no. Come on. Park it over here. I’ll show you.”
“It’d be nice for us both, having someone around. By no means do we have to be attached at the hip. Or besties tied by the testes.”
So obviously, that side of the room is hopeless. Peter turns back to Dad.
Steve’s laugh is cut off by Tony’s smiling mouth, insisting
There’s painfully little Steve hasn’t done.
Tony fucks him hard, and it inches him right back to the headboard as their obscene sounds echo off the walls. Steve’s body rings with a purpose that’s been absent for weeks, years, and when Tony groans, like it’s doing the same for him, Steve can’t help how his heart hums with an affection that could double as a hagiography.
“I trust you, Tony,” Steve says, and that apparently hoovers the protest out of Tony’s mouth. And while Steve is grateful it gets Tony to pause, he kind of hates the fact that him trusting Tony always takes the other man by surprise. But if Steve has his way, he’ll have a good long while to work on it. He continues with what he hopes is an encouraging and non-crippled smile, “And you trust me. So you can trust that I know what I’m saying, right? Get over here, please.”
go away!” Tony snaps and he suddenly regrets this call. He breathes in through his nose and counts until his lungs no longer feel ironclad. “We’ll locate Bucky Barnes, drag him home from wherever he’s hiding, and then he and Steve can—”
And it’s truly a crap day because Tony’s heart is doing the impossible and picking up a hammering and precarious beat under his sternum, one that he didn’t even know he still had the instruments for, that snuck in while Tony wasn’t paying attention. Impossibly, it beats and breaks for Steve. Impossibly, because Tony was so sure that Pepper had taken it all with her.
“Look at who you’re talking to. We could all stand to take a lesson in patience, honestly,” Steve admits with a light chuckle. “I know you don't like it but training helps us understand your abilities and hone them. We also have to know how you assess situations and how you problem solve. We have to know that we can trust you out there. Tony and I need you be safe. We won’t accept anything less and that means it’ll be tough. Your safety is our number one priority. You are our priority always, Peter.”
The guilt films a skin of oil underneath his ribs.
“I’m sure she got that, Steve.”
Without preamble, Tony gets up from his chair and steps around the desk. He makes room for himself by pushing aside the random leaflets and papers that litter the surface of it, the fucking New York Times crossword in progress and the pen resting over the tiny boxes, Steve’s wireless keyboard that could definitely stand an upgrade. He sits in the cleared area and pulls on Steve until he’s standing in the vee of Tony’s legs, pleat and denim friction.
The envious expression on Steve’s face is hysterical because for all his being gung-ho over art appreciation and live music, he looks like he’d much rather be assembling thousands of miniature plastic blocks for hours on end. The man loves his Star Wars.
“God bless America,” Tony extols, dipping into Steve’s navel. When Steve returns, it’s through slanted eyelashes and a watercolor mood, it’s to the audacious sight of Tony’s mouth sealed around the mess on his fingers. He sucks off Steve’s spunk like it’s not to be wasted.
“These aren’t fit for human consumption,” Steve decides when he’s done wiping down his taste buds.
He can’t put that weight on Tony; it’s not what he’s here for. So Steve accepts what he’s given and follows Tony’s lead. He bears down when Tony’s hips stutter in a broken rhythm and then still, his completion spilling into latex.
“Sorry, Cap, I didn’t know that anyone would be here,” Peter says, his soft tread stopping at the threshold and his figure darkening the library’s doorway.
“Got some sort of betting pool going on, Wilson?” Tony asks, squinting after taking off his sunglasses.
It takes twenty minutes of that and running equations for him to feel like he’s no longer being lit from the inside. Story of Tony’s life, it’s for naught because once he returns to the ballroom, he spies Steve immediately once again, just as the other man is giving away his phone with a relaxed smile to a young redhead far more age appropriate and probably kinder than Tony.
“Photographic memory,” Tony concedes with a half-hearted grimace.
“Okay then,” Tony says with a nod after mulling it over. He thinks it’s time to tell Steve—he has another promise to keep—and it’s getting harder and harder not to say it. But he won’t do it yet. Tony could very well ruin them, but he’s not going to ruin Steve’s birthday.
Tony counts to one-hundred to save them all the embarrassment and for a cover of his eavesdropping, he also pedals back down the hall a few steps. He fakes a small commotion. Mostly, Peter and Steve look none the wiser, just regard him curiously when he strolls in.
Tony groans, hurts with it, because Steve merely asking for what he wants is enough to bring him to the edge, and if he keeps listening to Steve, he’ll be knocked right off of it without ever getting to the really fun parts. He drags Steve on to the bed, the two of them making it bounce when they topple on it in their ungainly enthusiasm. Tony’s elbow misses Steve’s head by the slimmest of margins when he lands in a sprawl over Steve’s golden-limbed glory.
Under one of Tony’s sloppy and uncoordinated kisses, Steve comes on a snarl, his body seizing and rattling whatever’s leftover in him. His heart shakes so hard, he’s sure it must move inches in his chest. The aftershocks drift him through the black space where time loses its measure but whenever later is, soreness swathes his limbs all the same.
they show up on time. “So I had to switch around my schedule for Sunday to fit it in. Why did I agree to be a Junior TA again?”
“You never cease to amaze, Romanoff,” Tony says and it’s fierce, the realization of how much he’s missed her.
“The fact that you think this is half of Walgreens proves that you’ve never actually stepped foot inside a Walgreens.”
Peter’s fork tings on the island, drops alongside his jaw. “Holy shit.”
“He’s my best friend,” Steve replies meaningfully, as though it amasses everything. “Bucky's alive, Tony, and the guy I knew is still in there. I couldn’t even—I won’t give up on him. I can’t.”
Tony’s eyes blink from confusion to worry and his hands unglue from Steve’s skin. Embarrassment clings to Steve like ice, drawing him out of the heated fog that good sex had half-plunged him into. He quickly stammers over Tony’s concern. Damp and shakily, with a frightened pulse, he lets Tony know that he wants this, that he’s
“Working on it, pal. I’ve got your coordinates. Give me a second.”
“Basic? Maybe I should go easy on you.”
“Tony, I know you don’t want to do this again, and I’m sorry,” Rhodey says quietly, and Tony is mentally convincing himself not to get in a suit and fly off halfway around the world. “You have to tell him, though. You know that.”
—don’t stop, Tony. ”
Steve opens his mouth to respond but Tony kind of doesn’t want the answer so he speaks over him. “Think about it this way, it’s for a good cause. You like those, Cap. That’s practically your modus operandi. Just remember that the better you schmooze, the bigger the checks are and the more you’re helping the Annies and Oliver Twists of the world. Also this would probably help considerably.” He gestures to Steve’s bowtie. “You mind?”
The city streaks around them in traffic light gradients, neon signs glowing through the windshield. And Tony has passed the tower for the third time when he checks the digital clock on the center console and winces. “Pete, you are kicking my as--cot.” Sighing in defeat, he confirms, “Yep, you’re kicking my ascot.”
Steve’s complexion turns serious and considering. “Yeah? How’d that go?”
“Wow, we need to do that again and often,” Tony decides. “Full decree.”
“Late dinner. I don’t usually come out this way but I’ve had a hankering for broccoli and cheddar soup since the cold front moved in and this is the best place in town to get it,” Steve explains. “Also it’s nice to take a much needed break and get away from grading the mountain of papers I’ve got back at home.”
Steve seizes up, stunned, and spills into Tony’s fist. He bites back a wordless shout, a secret behind his teeth, while his hips stutter beyond anything he can control.
say it, have his neuroses try to parse out whether or not she means it. Tony doesn’t know what she and Rogers were up to when the Malibu mansion was getting blown to hell. But it doesn’t matter; they had no obligation to show up and fix his self-inflicted screwups. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”
Eventually, the limericks spin into a sprawling tale, and Tony’s covering a particularly maudlin episode about an ironic epithet for his tombstone when a long yawn interrupts him. Panda-like, Peter is rubbing at one eye with a tiny fist.
After folding one of Steve’s legs up against his chest, Tony works an arm underneath him. Holding him in a wrought-iron grip, Tony proceeds to fuck into Steve with dogged and unbound abandon. Deep and brutal thrusts slide over his prostate and light up every nerve-ending he has, hollowing his back.
“I really, really like him, but he can never be made aware of that fact,” Tony breaks first after a soundtrack of stacking and closing cabinets. He comments conspiratorially, “He’s way too much fun.”
Drawing his leg up under him with his bare foot hanging over the edge of the couch, Steve nimbly unwraps a caramel melt. “This is kind of late notice, but Sam’s got the weekend free so he’s coming into the city. Thought he could stay here. That’s fine, right?”
There’s always a fight and being a soldier is what Steve’s good at. It’s what he does and there’s nothing that he’s better at.
“Steve, that’s not on you,” Tony tells him. “You have to understand that.”
“Who knew that a heatwave could make Steve Rogers so petulant?” There’s a brightness to Tony’s eyes, like his brain is whirring behind them and hurriedly filing away this brand new piece of information. Tony leans into the space between him and Steve, filling the pocket with his crooked smile, and his body heat. It bleeds into the sheets. “Tell you what though, the more I learn about you, the more I like you.”
“I’m not sure who I am without her," Peter confesses tearfully. "I feel like I won’t ever be me again." The heel of his hand rubs at his face in, groans in something like embarrassment. "Gosh, that doesn't—I know that doesn't make any sense.”
“No, it was my fault. Here let me--” Tony says once he’s able to string together words. He hurriedly picks up his bag. “Total safety hazard. Don’t want to break anyone’s neck on my first day. It couldn’t get any worse than that, right?”
the suit. I’m not fucking Kris Kringle. The North Pole’s forecast would have to take over in hell.”
“That’s impossible.”
“Steve, Steve, Steve,” he’s saying, and Steve can feel his face crumple because there’s the hard luck he’s had all his life and then there’s
Steve would spin an array of arrows to excerpts he particularly liked, emphatic underscoring and exclamation points that would leave Tony preening.
They try to stoke dim embers into a spark, using opportunity and regrets for flint. It seems like the right thing to do at the time.
“Uncle Sam is lucky to have us serving.”
“How is he?” Sam asks, taking the chair next to Tony’s, setting his elbows on the knees and turning his own coffee between his hands over and over.
And Steve gives as good as he gets, grows bold and brave.
Flicking off his soldering iron and shoving up his safety glasses, Dad asks, “Everything okay, Peter?”
Again, his mother would blow her wig.
“Boss?” FRIDAY seeks verification.
Startled, Steve turns to him. Every time that he thinks he can’t love Tony more than he already does, he’s proven wrong, over and over, the elasticity stretching well beyond what feels impossible. Steve’s heart is hectic with affection and he’s nearly speechless, spectacularly inarticulate. His next words strike him as underwhelming and too simple, a phrase used when someone passes over the sugar bowl at a breakfast table or holds the door open at a store downtown, but he wants Tony to know he’s grateful. He takes Tony’s hand in his and pulls him in. Steve presses a kiss to each fingertip, across knuckles that bear a small scattering of nicks. Softly, and deeply moved, he says, “Thank you, Tony. I—thank you.”
“I don’t want anyone else to touch me the way you do,” is what he ends up with.
“I want to do what’s best for you,” Steve whispers simply.
“Have you tried your lap? Gotta tell ya, you could outsell most loveseats.”
“I, um, used to have a bum heart.”
Tony’s smile softens, looking similarly affected. “Not even in grainy black and white? Maybe a nickelodeon?”
“Ugh,” and Peter’s mostly made up of groans at this point.
“And the mismatched socks?”
Steve bites into it and thirty-one flavors flit across his face, none of them good. Tony sympathizes with an audible wince and passes him a decorative napkin to spit into.
Peter remains unmoved, smiling at Tony and obviously entertained by his father’s plight.
There’s insomnia-made colors under his hunted eyes and his hair is coming out of place, teak fringing over his dark frames. There’s stubble outside the outline of his beard, leading to a wrinkled collar and the off-center knot of his tie that ducks into a crew neck decorated with dog hair. Tiny details that Tony wants to selfishly keep for himself. His thumb finds the half moon at the corner of Steve’s pink mouth, presses it gently and reveals a sad smile that nearly robs Tony of the air in his lungs.
Leaned in close and low-pitched, Steve is distracting. “And you?” He sweeps his nose against Tony’s, drags to Tony’s ear. His lips close around the lobe and makes the skin there hum. “You got any plans?”
“Hey, there.” Tony peels away Steve’s clammy hand. He’s got a fantastic smile on. “Hey. The answer to that question is me. I thought. I thought about you in my bed, well honestly anywhere, a ton. My spank-bank is stacked, okay?  I dreamed up a world of 4K, technicolor thrill-rides when it came to you and this? That world pales in comparison to the real thing. There was no doubt you’d be amazing. I knew, Steve Rogers.”
Steve’s Ma passed away in 1936 but the feelings and images from that day aren’t difficult to conjure. He remembers how hollowed out he’d felt and yet packed to the seams with the devastation of being orphaned.
“Nope. Just waiting on you, I guess.” Tony pulls his feet out of the walkspace and with that the guy shuffles into the row, legs brushing up against Tony’s knees; and then they’re nearly sharing the armrest, he’s so impossibly broad.
“Because Bruce says that you’ve been up watching tv every night for the last three days and whenever I knocked on your room door, you weren't there. I went down to the shop yesterday when you were out with Rhodey and your afghan hasn’t moved from where it was the last time I was down there. Which was last weekend.”
“That’s fine.” Steve pointedly removes his sketchbook from his lap and tosses it onto the coffee table. “You can lie down and work. You’re best multitasker that I know.”
“Ugh, your rationality is showing, Rogers. But yeah, I guess that’s true enough. I’ll find a party or something, catch that zombie shark movie that just came out.”
Sage and timeless, Peggy tells Steve.
,” Steve says, moving in, slinging a leg between Tony’s and hiking it up just right. “Might cut it this weekend. Dunno.”
Letting his arm plop back, Tony rolls his eyes and gently bites the outside of Steve’s nipple. He sighs. “I’m ready for a damn nap so you better tell your recovering dick to get the fuck out.”
“You’re upset,” Dad notes, hands akimbo and eyes squinting. “Why are you upset?”
Tony had made a semi-kinda promise the day before so fair enough. “Sorry about that. You were already passed out when I came to bed. Pete helped out in the shop, got to talking.”
“1254 results, Sir.”
“Aw, dammit, Tony. Don’t,” Steve groans, belying the reprimand with the encouraging entanglement of his fingers in Tony’s hair that hold him in place, and the clamoring flex of his hips.
“I want to say that love you,” Steve interrupts.
“This is a really impressive kidnapping attempt. I’ve gotta hand it to you, Steve. You’ve taken me hours away from all civilization and I’m surrounded by acres of hay and cornstalk with seemingly no end in sight. And there’s no way to let anyone know where I’ve gone because this place doesn’t have service.”
“And go where exactly?” Steve asks, straightening up as Tony ferrets through their bags and then moonballs a tube of lubricant to the bed before going to take the lid off the ice bucket.
Tony snorted, “This guy can’t be security. Look at ‘im. He’s just a hipster with a boner for rule following.” The once over he gives Steve is a little less lewd this time, however, no less blush inducing. Steve’s ears went red too. Tony seemed to notice and adjusted his jacket, grinned maniacally, and took a deep breath, as if preparing to do something reckless enough to make headlines. The mischievous look in his eyes hasn’t changed since then.
“This summer? When I go—like when I’m abroad we aren’t gonna…” voice wavering, Steve trails off.
The elevator finally dings as they reach the penthouse and Toni pulls away with a gasp, breathing deeply and tugging Steve towards the bedroom, “What’re you tryin’ to do, slugger? Kill me?” she pants. Steve just shakes his head fondly, letting himself be led through the dark apartment.
“I do not pout,” Tony pouts.
Steve is certainly more subtle than Tony. He doesn’t start taking off work and inviting himself out with Tony and his friends. But he does start cleaning like a madman and disappearing on random errands on his days off, when he generally spends those days pressed up as close as he can to Tony and napping like a cat in a sunbeam. Tony thinks it’s weird. Steve isn’t a good liar or secret keeper and any time Tony asks him if everything is alright Steve just blushes and stammers and acts like a precious little dummy. It would be cute if it weren’t anxiety inducing. Tony can’t bring it up though because he’s not like Steve and if something is wrong he selfishly does not want to know.
“I’ve had it for two years. It was never the right time.”
Steve squeezes Tony to his chest just a little tighter, “Okay. I—if you say so I believe you.”
, let alone their bed in the penthouse. Tony’s music is as loud as ever, and he has his welding mask on, so he hasn’t noticed Steve’s arrival but that’s fine. Steve takes in the strong slope of his neck, watches those nimble fingers (which really should be protected by gloves or something) and he just
But, the conversation does give him an idea. People who like each other are supposed to do things that make each other happy, right? And he figures a nice way to test and see in Tony actually likes
They make their way to the couch eventually, Tony depositing Steve on one end and standing to gather a number of supplies, including but not limited to: the silicone bong Bucky keeps hidden in one of the drawers of the coffee table, the Corona and orange juice from the kitchen, and a huge family sized bag of kettle cooked salt and vinegar chips that he opens and presents to Steve with a flourish. It’s so sweet and so simple; it’s not like any of these things are particularly expensive or hard to find, it’s not like Steve couldn’t have locked himself in his room for the entire day and watched Mighty Morphin’ all day, but the fact that Tony thought to gather it all for him makes the gesture so special. He knew Steve didn’t want a fancy dinner at some restaurant in SoHo, or a shopping spree in Paris or anything even close. He knew that Steve would feel better if he could just get high and feel comfortable in his skin for once, receiving kisses for his hard work and dedication to the art of laziness. Steve clenches his fists and fights back what feels like the urge to cry tears of joy.
“It’s covered,” Steve says, but he shrugs out of his jacket anyway, and raises his arm so that Tony can see the faint, practically invisible, lines of his very first tattoo. It had been a little skull. Now, it is buried beneath the lines of traditionally styled big ass compass, which had been the beginning of the larger pieces dominating the left side of Steve’s body. Over the years he had accumulated a bunch of other pieces on his arm and shoulders, going down his back as well, and he had even discussed some of them with Tony, but he had never shared the story of his first tattoo.
to underst-,”
Eventually, they grunt and gasp into each other’s mouths until they wrestle their way to the bed, Steve tossing him on his back unceremoniously and freeing his dick completely from the confines of his uniform pants, stroking his length a few times. He crawls over Tony, jerks the other man’s pants down his thighs just enough to expose his length, and firmly plants his knees on either side of Tony’s thighs. He takes one hand, large and square palmed, masculine and oh so strong, and wraps it none to gently around Tony’s throat, restricting his airway. Rogers looks like an avenging angel (no pun intended), and Tony’s cock leaks a drop of precome as it gets harder for him to breathe, his eyes rolling back in his head.
They’re lying in Tony’s bed watching the sun rise when it happens. Steve is tangled in the expensive sheets like some silver screen starlet, his face pressed into Tony’s chest and kissing at him absently, fingers creeping across his tan skin, listening to the rumble of his voice as they talk quietly. They haven’t gone to sleep yet, having slept all day the day before and pretty much fucked all night, but Steve’s not really tired. Instead he’s thinking, unfortunately, about how much he’d like to have this every morning, this pleasantly worn out, warm all over feeling.
“C’mon toots, it’s okay to be…a little worried. It’s okay to be scared, even. But I know you’re not the kind of person to let that get in your way,” he assures Steve. His words don’t appear to make any difference, but Steve also doesn’t burst into tears or a rage or clam up. He just nods solemnly, and Tony knows then what his decision will be.
off campus to see you boo that goes to another school. I’m simply stating that I think it’s cute. It fills my stomach with sympathetic butterflies,” she sighed wistfully. Tony peeked up at her and found her staring off exaggeratedly, like she was reminiscing.
,” she moans, fucking her hips back and forth quickly. There’s going to be a wet spot on Tony’s trousers, a big one that obviously illustrates to anyone that sees them exactly what they were doing on their car ride. That thought alone makes his cock twitch in Eve’s hand and another fat drop of precome swells at the tip. She groans at the sight and grinds harder Tony can feel the small, hard, nub that is her clit as she fucks herself against him, and he places a hand at the small of her back to press her even closer to his body. Tony bounces his leg too, wants to help her get off in any way he can. She uses her other hand to pull at his hair, using him for leverage once again. He can’t say that he minds.
“B-both!” Steve whines, “It h-hurts but it feels so good.”
Steve gives a small shrug, “Not much.”
Bucky asks, “You wanna hit?” Kate nods. There’s a 15 minute discussion about whether or not they should smoke up the random 16 year old girl until Clint finally makes it downstairs and tells them that he’s taking her to a nightclub and smoking her up won’t be necessary anyway. Steve feels like he should probably object on principal but he’s under the influence so he won’t be held accountable.
“So here we are,” Tony says with a lascivious grin, “You and I.”
“N-not as much as y-you’d prefer, maybe,” he stammers, trying to focus. Steve likes this, likes holding conversations when Tony is in the throes of passion. The other man has difficulties concentrating at the best of times, so all bets are off when his dick is out and being played with so perfectly. A rare blush rides high on his cheeks, turning his tan skin the perfect shade of dusty rose. Steve presses a kiss to his jaw, noses behind his ear.
Toni shrugs like it’s no big deal, but Steve knows better. This is her favorite, when he’s under her like this. She humps his face like a fucking pillow, grinding her clit over his lips and tongue aggressively, and it’s easier for him to get his fingers inside of her this way. As Toni lowers herself onto her forearms, Steve pinches her ass cheek and she yelps. He hears Toni gulp too before he wraps his arms around her waist, tugging her down onto his face and keeping her in the unbreakable steel grip of his arms. Once again, Steve nudges her pubic hair (that’s now sticky with her release and his saliva) aside, and begins the dedicated work of laving his tongue up and down across her entire pussy. He starts at her perineum and licks up to her clit, which he flicks his tongue over a few times before starting over. Soon, Toni starts thrusting her hips to match his movements, allowing Steve to control the pace.
“Me neither. Should I…” Steve trails off. Tony is undoing his cufflinks, looking regal, and he nods his head easily, already knowing what Steve was about to propose. Steve can see the way his spine is lengthening, the way he’s falling into his role. A shudder rolls through Steve’s body, from head to toe, and he wants to drop to his knees right there.
Steve, understanding immediately, gathers the incriminating evidence: he folds the bong, collects the food he enjoyed without his best friend, all of Sam’s beer bottles. He runs to the kitchen and disposes of these things while Bucky is still distracted and makes it back to the couch to wake his boyfriend just as Bucky rounds the corner into the living room.
“That’s what I like to hear. Lie back for me,” Tony smiles, gently pushing Steve back on the bed. Steve goes easily, throwing his arms above his head as the other man balances himself on his forearms, hovering over Steve’s body. They make out lazily, Tony’s hands moving across Steve’s skin proprietarily, pinching and squeezing and caressing as he sees fit. Steve writhes underneath him, thrusting his hips in a desperate search for friction and getting none.
“Oh, you’re such a beautiful boy. You’re so lovely baby, so gorgeous. Good boy, good boy, you did so well, you’re exactly what I wanted,” Tony gasps happily before spilling inside of Steve. He can feel the warm spurt of liquid on his insides, and that’s he last thing he registers before allowing himself to surrender completely.
“Was that… did you just make a sex joke?” Kate asks cautiously.
Steve sighs, looks over at him, “Yeah?”
“Good boy. Now be still for daddy,” Tony commands, and with no further preamble, slides one finger inside of Steve’s tight asshole. It burns so perfectly, the sensation of pain singing through Steve’s nerves and putting him on high alert. He cries out, quietly whining with each movement until his body accommodates the stretch. Tony has arranged them so he’s lying on his stomach between Steve’s obscenely spread legs, gazing at his hole and his full, pink balls intently. Steve wants to be embarrassed, because it is kind of embarrassing to be looked at this way, but he can’t help but revel in it. Tony is looking at the most intimate parts of him, experimenting inside of his body like Steve is something to figure out, and the pride he feels at that overwhelms any feelings of shame. Soon enough, he’s trying hard not to press himself back against Tony’s finger, and just wait for him to do more.
. There’s no way he’s ready to sign his life over to anyone, let alone someone like Tony. It’s not even a comment on his character, really. It’s just that, of course, most 19 year old kids aren’t ready to get married and they definitely aren’t ready to get married to someone who’d been abusing pharmaceuticals three years ago and still carrying around pounds and pounds of childhood trauma. That’s fine. It’s okay. Tony can wait.
“Yeah,” Bucky agrees, “That’s just me. I’m a violent lover. I love hard as shit. I want Natasha to kick my ass to hell and back, that means I love her.”
“So you gonna go with me?” Steve asks innocently on a Thursday evening. They’re sitting in Tony’s living room, Steve watching him play Nintendo and cheering when he seems to be winning. He’s swaddled in this huge blanket that Tony insists he needs whenever they’re downstairs because it does get pretty drafty. Steve will never admit it but he thinks it’s really cute when Tony’s cussing him out because his lips are blue while he’s inside.
fairy tale teeny bopper bullcrap. This means that Steve must take matters into his own hands and do his own research.
Southern California is everything every pop hit has made it out to be, and worse. It’s hot, sweat drenchingly so, head achingly so, and crowded and when they land in LAX it’s through a cloud of thick smog. But everything is beautiful, moving and still at the same time and it makes Steve
The man’s grin widens, “Always. I’m Tony, by the way,” he sticks out his hand.
He’s never opened his mouth and begged, “Please
“I can. Of course they accepted you. You’re brilliant.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh my goodness!” Steve gasps, hopping up. He deposits his laptop on the couch and jumps to wrap Tony in a hug. He smells freshly showered, his skin still warm and pink with it. Tony buries his face in Steve’s neck and allows himself a few precious moments of simply taking him in before focusing.
Steve nods furiously, feeling himself tip over the edge before he can come up with anything to say, just letting out a high keening kind of breath and then collapsing on himself as stars burst behind his clenched eyes and his entire head gets stuffed with the perfect cotton of subspace.
“I don’t want to be without you,” Tony confesses. Steve kisses the back of his neck.
It’s hard not to feel a little out of place at events like this. Wealth oozes from the walls it seems; everyone is dressed to the nines is designer dresses and shoes, the hors d’oeuvres are made with $300 caviar, and Tony spends the entire night bustling through the crowds schmoozing and boozing. It doesn’t matter who they are or what their net worth is, Tony will set his charm on anyone. Even when he’s not a part of it, Steve can tell the moment in every conversation when Tony has convinced whomever he’s speaking to that he’s as cool as he thinks he is. He’s the most important person in the room and he knows it. Steve hides at the bar, avoiding eye contact with some of the more aggressive socialites in attendance, and watches the way Tony Stark works. There’s just something about the way he walks—casually elegant, quick decisive strides, shoulder pushed back—that catches the eye and make you want to watch. His eyes are always glimmering with mirth, like he’s always watching others laugh at his jokes. Tony talks with his hands too, bringing him back down to earth, turning him into a person, and the gravitational pull that surrounds him is stronger for it.
“I’m not making fun of you.”
with Tony. Tony, who never judges or laughs or pushes too hard. Tony who knows how to read him like differential equations. Since the very beginning of their relationship Tony has worked hard at making sure Steve feels comfortable with him in every sense of the word and as always indulged Steve in any way he can without any sort of reproach. He allows Steve to rant and rave, to explore new foods and places and experiences and makes sure to affirm Steve in all of these endeavors.
Sitting across from Steve, watching him dig into the steak he predictably ordered, looking so handsome and lovely in his suit, Tony thinks that he should probably buy a ring. He knows that he should buy a ring. There’s no one on earth he wants to play footsie with more. Tony never knew he could have someone the way he has Steve; in him Tony has a partner in crime, a confidant, a lover, the whole world.
“Where? Huh? Tell me where?” Tony commands, voice gone serious and sending a shock to Steve’s dick with its timbre. They’ve played with power before but never like this and it feels so good, it feels amazing to not have to be in charge for a second. Steve doesn’t have to control his emotions, or his reactions, or his fucking mouth right now. There is no second guessing himself, there’s no charade to be put on. He can say whatever Tony wants him to say, be what Tony wants, and not have to
Moshing is fun though, is something people also don’t know. The music is as loud and head achingly angry as you’d imagine, the people are those your mother warned you about, yeah yeah yeah, but the point is the energy. Standing in a crowd of people like that, people that different, who feel so much about themselves, and their lives, and the music everyone is sharing, is like a rush of golden white light through your veins. It’s like a shot of adrenaline and equilibrium all at once. You feel connected to these people, you feel like you could conquer the world with only a paper shield and a wooden sword. It’s like being invincible, moshing. You walk out of the pit with battle scars, breathing heavy and sweating like crazy but everyone’s grinning, shaking off post battle jitters together.
“That’s not what you said.”
“And this is a Serious Discussion,” Steve reminds him.
said anything like that to you, not like that, okay. That was out of fucking-,” Steve rants.
All of this angst comes to a halting swell five weeks into its brewing. Steve has been avoiding Tony still,treating him like he’d treat one of his nicer regulars and only calling him when he wants to hook up or maybe needs a ride to get to food and or work. Tony, who is the king of Repressed Emotions, doesn’t ever say anything or even react differently to Steve’s sudden temperature change. Bucky says, on a semi regular basis, that they’re a trainwreck and he’s not wrong. Even Sam can’t help himself from watching this shitshow with a bowl of popcorn, leaving his door open for every fight they have over the phone (which they never used to do) and sticking around in the living room to watch tapes with them and listen to them chat awkwardly at each other. They’ve been doing this
In the bedroom JARVIS dials up the lights and Steve pulls Toni back into another searing kiss. She goes limp in his arms like she sometimes does, arms hanging down at her sides as Steve envelopes her. First his hands frame her face, and then his arms are wrapped around her midriff, and then he’s lifting gently, so that he can toss her on the bed. Toni squeaks in surprise when she lands on her back.
“You must think you’re so goddamn smart huh? You must think you’re real hot shit,” Steve growls, nostrils flaring, a blush riding high on his cheeks. His jaw is clenched, like he wants to say more, wants to do more. He probably doesn’t want to be the person that flies off the handle, especially with the rest of the team watching. Steve cares a lot about what they think, about his reputation as their fearless leader. That’s okay with Tony, he has no problem taking it there at all. This is all bullshit anyway; he’s a grown ass man, he’ll do and say and go where the hell he pleases. He doesn’t need some—some fucking kid waltzing in the place trying to tell him how to live his life. The fact that he’s willing to defer to Steve in the field should be enough, but apparently that’s not the case.
“I’m just sayin’. I’ve never known you to limit your options down to one person, and since all of the dudes I’ve mentioned, plus a few others, have been askin’ bout you nonstop for the past few weeks, I’m assuming Stark is the reason why. So what? Y’all goin’ out now?” Bucky wonders honestly.
“It’s almost like you love him,” Sam scoffs, holding the lighter out to light the bowl for Steve. His friends are really sweet when they want to be.
Bucky, who really wasn’t looking for a fight, rubs his hands together says, “Well now that that’s settled,” and unlocks the doors before practically launching himself out of the car. Steve knows he really doesn’t care about sneaking a minor into a club, they were doing a lot worse when they were this girl’s age, but he figures that Bucky has figured that it’d only be polite to throw the idea out there and give Kate some time to back out of the whole thing. Lord knows that they needed someone to do that for them.
“Lucky me then,” he breathes. Rogers smirks haughtily and drapes her arms over his shoulders so that she may whisper in Tony’s ear.
“Why Tony? It’s not a bad thing! I’m not insulting you by saying it’s adorable that you’re literally
“Well. I’m trying to answer these questions correctly so that I may continue to have sex with you. So.”
Steve backs him further into his own room, kicking the door shut behind him. He pivots then, so Tony is pinned against it, grabbing his wrists and holding them in his iron hold up by his ears, “Don’t scare me like that again Tony,” he whispers brokenly. Tony wants to shout at him, act out in some way because he can’t promise that, he can’t promise not to put himself at risk when that’s literally his job. Instead, he bites at Steve’s bottom lip and bucks his hips, grinding his hard prick against Steve’s thigh.
Bucky clears his throat, “So I’m sittin’ at the fuckin’ bar, right? Waitin’ on Nat to get back from the bathroom and shit, when this fucking
With a quiet little
Heaving himself out of bed and throwing on a shirt, Steve muses about what could possibly be the problem now. Maybe Clint forgot to pay the light bill again, it’s possible Thor spilled an entire tank of propane somehow, Bucky could’ve tried to pierce Sam’s ear in his sleep; Steve doesn’t know how his friends end up in situations like this, they just do. He tries not to get angry about it most of the time because it’s not like it’s his fault that he’s surrounded by idiots, but right now he’s a little pissed. He brushes his teeth angrily in his bathroom and then slides on a pair of house shoes because there’s no way he’s venturing anywhere in this house barefoot. It feels too early in the morning for boots though.
“That feels good doesn’t it?” Tony husks. Steve nods, yes it does, but he wants more, he wants it to feel better. “I know baby, I know,” he soothes. Tony watches Steve thrust forward for a little while longer, taking in the sight of Steve so pink and desperate and gorgeous, before stepping away and shirking his pants. He stands in the center of the room for a moment and the two of them have a horny stare down for a few moments. Tony licks his lips and sits on the edge of the bed, motions for Steve to come over.
“I can’t stop gazing lovingly at him,” Steve whines to Sam one night. They’re sharing a bowl, for once the only two people awake in the house, and somehow Steve has managed to steer the conversation towards Tony Territory (again). Sam had rolled his eyes good naturedly and buckled in for the stoned ramblings though, so Steve considers it blanket permission to go full steam ahead.
“JARVIS? Cut the music,” Steve commands. Leaning casually against the edge of a desk, he grins when he sees Tony jump at the suddenness of the silence. He eases the mask off his face and turns slowly.
And Tony doesn’t know that he could do it. What if he proposed and Steve
that,” she snorts meanly, but still squirms her way deeper into the fold of his arm. Steve rolls his eyes. It’s nice to just chat with Toni sometimes, they don’t get to do it very often. They talk about any and everything under the sun; TV shows they’re watching,  books they’ve read, house gossip. He’s happy they get to do this. When they first met, Steve will admit, he was a bit hostile and they certainly got off on the wrong foot. After getting to know her better, Steve found that Toni is just
When he’s tucked into bed with the covers up to his chin, he looks at the older man and states “You’re offering to fly me to California.”
“Just let me know and I’ll get back at it,” he tells her.
And the last thing he thought of was,
There is warmth on his other hand, slipping in-between his fingers. Steve's eyes trail along the lines of the veins in the back of the slightly tanned hand that's holding his, his thumb gently caressing the skin.
Sam’s hand was on his shoulder. He turned around. “T’Challa’s made the alert. This is code red. They’re calling in everyone, including Bucky. But Maximoff’s still in Scotland and she won’t pick up the call.”
He remembered that very day when he first stepped into the Compound after all these months. "Earth just lost her best defender," he'd said out loud, and inside,
, he hummed. He took a slow breath as the stars twinkled, and another breath, and another...
“Tony, you’re alright.”
. Tony...
Occasionally, Steve would climb up to the roof and buried himself in a mountain of blankets the way he used to do it with Tony before. Before he'd died. Before Siberia. Before Ultron.
The wind whispered in his ears, a soft lull, and the rest of the world slept on. Unaware of another war that was coming.
Hope started out small, like quiet good mornings and a warm hand to hold. But as Tony's wound healed, Steve began to smile again. It wasn't much, and it wasn't always there, but some knots began to loosen and Steve began to breathe easier.
Steve didn’t know when the feeling had started, or how. He’d woken up one day and discovered it had grown all over himself like a grapevine, twined in-between his ribs. One day he’d decided to stay up at night because he’d known Tony would be awake, even if his own nightmares had spared him for that night. One day he’d realized that all he wanted was to reach across and gently laid his palm atop Tony’s hand when it began to shake—in fear, in anger, in grief, and possible never let go.
There was a ringing.
Steve squeezes Tony's hand, and a tear slips down his face. Tony's gentle hand reaches up and wipes it away.
And then the spaceship arrived, and Tony walked out half-dead in the arms of Thanos' daughter.
It's like an echo of their first meeting. "
And then.
“Tony’s been working on fixing the accords.” Steve’s head snapped up at Nat’s words. “What? I have ears. T’Challa’s helping him. It’s been tough, with SHIELD going rogue as well so the progress has been back and forth for months. But they’re hopeful. We can go back.”
The space next to him on the bed was empty, and he often wondered when Tony was coming back from the workshop. Until it hit, and just as pain began to spread from his chest, numbness replaced it and he lay in silence.
The device worked, and they took turns going through time and space to collect the stones. They finally assembled a new gauntlet, evacuated the civilians from the land of Wakanda--the agreed upon place for the final battle--and waited for Thanos' arrival.
And that was the question that kept running in his head as they flew back to Wakanda in the quinjet. Where was he, in that other timeline where Agent Johnson couldn’t stop Graviton from destroying the Earth? Where was he, and Nat, and Sam? Where were the Avengers?
And then he was just... gone. Right in front of his eyes. In a blink of his wide, uncomprehending eyes.
And a warm pinch of something in his own chest.
