Faintly, Castiel remembers Dean mentioning someone named Samuel. He wonders just how many brethren he’s lost for the price of love.
Dean shrugs, standing up and grabbing his beer to fetch his record player from upstairs as Castiel follows him quietly. He grabs his record player, his
Castiel wakes up in a haze the next day. He feels groggy and hungover, half-convinced the events of last night were some kind of insane dream. He barely remembers crawling into bed and falling asleep. Balthazar must have taken off his shoes. Gratitude wells up in his chest when he spots a glass of water and Alka seltzer on the bedside table. He drinks it eagerly as his stomach rolls, grateful for the Alka seltzer to calm the nausea in his gut.
“Gone,” Castiel croaks out. His voice feels hoarse and weak like he hadn’t used it in some time. “It’s gone. It’s all gone.”
When winter finally melts into spring, the days grow warm. Exhausted from a long hunt over three states away, Dean and Castiel collapse into bed, groaning softly as their aching limbs tangle together through the sheets. Castiel had replaced his small, twin bed with a much larger one to give him and Dean enough space to sleep. Outside, a garden in an entire rainbow of color is blooming in the dirt, brought to life by the force of Dean’s grace and the coming of spring.
“I will,” he mutters. And with that, Balthazar leaves to begin warding the house. Castiel watches him go quietly, trying to keep back the pang of worry in his gut.
“But I did find a case - a man, stabbed between the ribs by some unknown assailant in a black hood. There were eyewitnesses, but they claim the man was on fire as he died. And the assailant disappeared. No one was able to identify his face. Sounds like something up your alley.”
The club is at the edge of the road, a hanging red-neon sign with the words MAGIC MEN blinking in the dark. Castiel lets out a quiet noise of indignation when he parks along the edge of the sidewalk, which makes Dean look over at him in surprise.
Castiel watches as his future self throws his head back in ecstasy, chest heaving as Castiel pulls the man up and flips him over to straddle him on the bed, rolling his hips with slow, languid movements. He watches himself grab the man’s hips and the other surges up to kiss him, messy and desperate but undeniably tender. They remain like that for what feels like an hour before the man reaches to slowly jerk at Castiel’s cock with quick slips of his hand. In the cabin, Castiel leans his head back, opens his mouth, and squeezes his eyes shut.
In the downpour coating the hazy earth in a layer of mist, Castiel Novak watches the new residents unload their moving boxes out of the truck and through the door of the quiet house. The two boys, one older than the other by at least three or four years, hurry back and forth between their house and the truck with their father, trying to escape the rain. Perched atop a high tree, Castiel remains almost entirely unaffected by the chilly summer rain. The translucent clouds provide comfort - a cool blanket guarding his little hideaway against the rest of the world.
Castiel nods. Bewildered, Dean lets go of Castiel’s shoulders and leans back against the door, looking at him in disbelief.
“You don’t need him, Dean,” Benny says seriously. “No one really gets it...but at the end of the day, you and I? We weren’t hurting anyone. And I doubt your brother wasn’t hurtin’ no one either. None of it matters. Call it gross and shit...I don’t know. People throw around all kinds of dumb stuff about who other people kiss or fuck or whatever. And it hurts. It always hurts. But...at the end of the day...hell, it doesn’t matter. It ain’t gross. Or bad. It’s...it’s none of that.”
“Me?” The man shakes his head faintly. “It’s not obvious? I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised your ass from perdition.”
“Hey, be nice,” Dean snaps. “Didn’t Bible camp teach you any manners? They aren’t whores just because they’re doing crap you don’t like.”
“Dean, I don’t think Castiel wants to be found. And even if you did find him, what’s the point of bringing him back home? He hated it here, didn’t he?”
This is, officially, the longest completed work I've ever written and I couldn't be happier that it was something I loved and treasured as much as this fic. There are
Dean rolls himself on top of Castiel, kissing him softly as he cradles his face in his hands. Castiel is grateful for Dean’s weight, for his presence, and for him. Without him, Castiel doesn’t know if he would have had the strength to keep going in the past couple of months.
A teacher barks at them to get to class, jolting them both awake. With wide eyes, Castiel pulls back, leaving Dean trembling where he stands. Before Dean can say a word, Castiel turns and runs down the hallway and out the doors. Dean watches him go, the teacher’s words sharp against his eardrums before he turns and treads heavily down the hall. Each footstep is an echo, empty and tired as Dean feels the weight of the world tumble onto his shoulders. A weight he never understood, until then. Until it was too late.
He gestures for Robert to follow him. As Robert shoulders past Castiel, he gives him a dirty look. “Don’t screw this up,” he snaps. Castiel shivers as they leave the room. He wants to snidely ask Dean if he wants to stay and watch - maybe he could learn a thing or two. But he doesn’t. It feels cruel, and Castiel finds it horrendously funny that he’s afraid now, of all times, of being cruel.
“You might have even beat your brother’s record, don’t you think? He caught a big one last week, but…” She holds out her palms for Lucifer to give her the salamander for her to inspect. “This one might take the cake.”
this day. Before their father had lost his sanity, he would leave the house for days at a time to preach at massive faith seminars across the state, leaving them alone with their mother and the other women he married in the past couple of years.
“Everything is on the table,” he says to Castiel. He refuses to look at Dean. Instead, he turns to where Dean is pointing - the table of torture devices, each one intimately familiar to Castiel; a syringe, several, sharp carving knives, each one with its own purpose (ribs, fingers, facial structure), hammers, holy water, salt. He doesn’t look at Dean, even when Dean places an uneasy hand on Castiel’s shoulder that he quickly shrugs off.
As quick as it had begun, Castiel’s melody stops. He sits still on the bench, gazing down at the keys with soft eyes. Silence falls between them before Castiel finally lifts his head to look at Dean.
"I didn't start a fight. I was tired. I couldn't even see straight. Dad would have made us unpack everything and you know it."
“Then let’s go,” Sam says suddenly. Dean breathes a sigh of relief that he hadn’t known he’d been holding.
“I considered studying theology when...if I go to college,” Castiel says slowly, noticing Dean’s curiosity. “My mother used to read to me before she died. But music was always...what I liked to do best.”
“Dad, it isn’t like that,” he argues weakly, swallowing his bite past the thick lump in his throat. John scoffs, clearly not convinced.
Castiel can’t remember the last time he’s driven into the city this late. With Dean leaned back against the seat, Castiel keeps glancing over towards the passenger side, caught between wanting to ask him questions that are surely nothing short of blasphemous. But there is nothing about Dean that Castiel would have ever imagined when he pictures angels - messengers of God, carriers of the Lord’s word…
“He’s finally learning to cook,” Castiel points out. “I think by next month, I might be able to eat his food without gagging.”
Scrambling to his feet, he forces his gaze away from his brother’s dead body. He follows his gaze up towards the sky as he runs out into the field, and all at once, Castiel freezes in place as great orbs of flame begin rocketing down from the clouds. The wind stirs across the early evening, hissing through the grass and making the barn doors creak and groan against the rising gale. Castiel stares in horrified awe as dozens upon dozens of magnificent balls of fire spill down from the sky, filling the horizon with brilliant light.
This chapter is dark. There is nothing graphic, but be mindful of the tags, please - all of them. Endless thank yous to everyone who's been keeping up with this so far. <3
The small house was never bought, nor was it ever repaired or officially condemned. Even now, years later, it remains blackened with fire and only half-standing. As they pull up behind a thicket of trees off the property, Castiel swears he can still smell the smoke.
Quickly pulling into the top of Balthazar’s driveway, Castiel ignores Dean’s grumbling about the slow transportation and hurries out of the car. Castiel can hear a crash of noise from inside before the two even reach the door. Panic creeps up into his throat. The very idea of losing Balthazar --
Behind him, Jo stands with her arms folded across her chest. Her bright, blonde hair is pulled back into a ponytail away from her eyes as she gives him a suspicious glare.
Sam folds his arms across his chest as Dean looks up. Suddenly, Sam seems so much older for his fourteen years. He looks like an
Dean winces. Why did his first meeting with their neighbors have to be some weirdo kid who hides in trees in the pouring rain? His dismay for the small town only grew at the fact that this was what he had to look forward to in a neighbor.
Castiel sucks in a quick breath. He remembers that name - Samuel was his brother. The one who fell. The one Dean had been unable to kill.
, Castiel,” Benny laughs darkly. He kicks him down, and Castiel is sure he hears a rib snap. He looks up at him helplessly, wide eyes pleading with him as he tries to reach for him. Benny knocks his hand away carelessly.
and dragging him to someplace that’s so sexually charged that most angels wouldn’t dare walk inside, isn’t turning Castiel’s brain into a useless pile of half-formed thoughts.
to him. He doesn’t even want to think about how many times Dean has frequented places like his before. It makes him feel tight and on-edge like his skin is suddenly red-hot with an itch he doesn’t know how to scratch. Castiel crosses his legs, trying not to draw attention to himself or to the strange way that Dean’s presence here makes him feel.
Well into the day, he stays in his room, reading through magazines, tinkering with the broken TV remote, and even looking at his homework — once. It’s maybe two or three hours when Castiel wakes up again. Dean looks up from his magazine, watching Castiel's bright, blue eyes go from sleepy, to confused, to alarmed. Dean stumbles back as Castiel flies out of his bed, standing upright and looking around the room with a wild expression.
This is stupid. Dean has no business following Castiel, and already, he feels his cheeks burn at the idea of being caught. But he can’t bring himself to stop. What if something were to happen to him? Dean grits his teeth; stupid. Castiel can handle himself. Castiel isn’t a child, and he’s not Dean’s responsibility. But even still, Dean presses onward.
Sometimes, Dean knocks on the Novaks’ door when he’s feeling particularly brave. But nobody answers, and the house remains quiet as a tomb. Dean searches for any sign of Castiel at school when Dean does decide to go and finds none, day after day as March bleeds into early April.
“You won’t be able to kill the witch. That’s what’s so funny,” Robert chuckles. He gives Castiel a smirk as Dean stands stiffly beside him. Wordless. “You don’t know the first thing about what you’re up against. This
Dean doesn’t answer right away. He chews on his lower lip instead, studying his little brother carefully from across the room.
Castiel’s heartbeat through the fabric of his coat. The brush of his skin, imaginary as it is. Dean swallows thickly.
“You gonna get rid of any of those anytime soon?” their father grumbles as Dean carries up his fourth armful of records. Dean sighs, ducking his head as he mumbles a quick
“I like him, too. He’s easy to pick up on the piano. Simple chords, easy to follow just by listening to the vinyl once or twice."
“I love you too, Dean,” Castiel says gently. He means every word of it, that much is certain. And already can’t wait to tell him again.
“Family is the most important thing any of us got,” Dean says after a long moment. “And asking you to kill your brother isn’t...isn’t something I feel like I can ask you to do. Not when I’m breaking every law in heaven to keep my little sister safe.”
Castiel laughs bitterly as he grabs his bag from the floor. “Because being brave has gotten me nowhere. And it’s gotten
“My father...was difficult,” Castiel murmurs in weary agreement. “You did more for us than I could have ever asked you to, Balthazar. I felt like I would have betrayed my brother somehow if I had given any details. I guess, fifteen years later, I figured you would have found out the truth somehow.”
Breath on the back of his neck makes him whirl around, and suddenly, Naomi is less than a foot from him outside of the trap. His eyes catch a knick in the chalk. A droplet of water trickles to the floor, eroding a small spot of chalk away
Castiel pulls him aside as several members of the group creep closer towards the clearing to map out the most discreet route to the house. “Do they know about the tablet?” Castiel asks lowly, so as not to be heard by the others. “About anything? How do you even know that our brother is in that house?”
Sam hardly believes him when he tells him about Castiel at dinner time. Having almost no dishes, they eat take-out on paper plates at the small, wooden table. The light above them flickers, and as Dean talks, their father grumbles something about getting it replaced. When Dean mentions Castiel's strange way of talking, John looks up with a quirk of his eyebrow.
Even now, he can’t say it. He can’t bring light to the suffering he knows that Castiel endures. He can’t acknowledge it, no matter how desperately he wants to. How desperately he has to. Castile deserves that much, he deserves to know that Dean sees his pain so clearly. That he can endure Castiel’s pain with him if he must.
“No,” Castiel lies quietly. Convincingly, he hopes. “I remember the hell hounds ripping me apart. I remember Bela, the...the demon who held my contract. I remember a...great burst of light. And then...I woke up in the cemetery.”
Castiel simply shakes his head. “You have nothing to be sorry for. Thank you, Dean. For everything. I will...remember you fondly.”
she howls, her stringy, blonde hair spilling past her shoulders and over her bloody face. She’s smaller than him, but her strength is unmatched. Balthazar is helpless to escape her grip, just as Castiel had fallen helpless to Benny Lafitte in the bathroom. Balthazar gapes at her, mouth open, mumbling incoherent apologies under his breath as tears form in his eyes. “YOU LEFT US! YOU LEFT US AND WE SUFFERED!”
“N-never did that before,” Dean babbles. “Sorry.” Castiel sucks in a quick breath, feeling hot and tight against his jeans. Above him, Dean is a mess - his hair is standing up as sweat drips down his temples. Somehow, he’d managed to undo a few buttons of his own shirt. One of his suspenders is halfway down his arm. It makes Castiel want him in ways he’s almost afraid of. He wants to shove him against the inside of the car door and fuck him senseless - but he doesn’t. He hesitantly pulls his hand out of Dean’s boxers and wipes it against the seat.
him the way Dean is, now. Dean is gentle and urgent, eager and soft; he doesn’t treat Castiel like he’s
Castiel can’t ignore the stares the other members of the camp give him as he readies himself to leave with his older self. He tries - but the lingering glares, uncomfortable glances, and murmurs when the others think he can’t hear crawl under his skin. He’s an intruder. He’s not supposed to be here. He doesn’t belong here any more than he belongs anywhere else. When nobody else is looking, Castiel watches as his older self pockets the Angel Tablet discreetly into his jacket.
Castiel had been his ever since. And he’s never been happier for someone to be such an intrinsic part of who he is, now.
In the corner, the date reads “August 24th - 2014.” Five years from the day Castiel confronted Lucifer in the motel room. Dazed, Castiel bends down to pick up the newspaper. But when he stands upright again, Jo is gone. With trembling hands, Castiel flips through the newspaper, each headline grimmer than the next.
“S’it okay if I stay at the house for a bit?” Dean asks hesitantly. “I’ll go as soon as I get this whole human thing figured out and —”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says after a moment of silence. “For making you do that. Especially since we were wrong. About Naomi. She wasn’t the one killing the angels.”
Dean shakes his head dismissively before Castiel can say anything else. “Look, my dad does, too. You don’t drink it because it tastes good. You drink it to get buzzed.”
On the ground, Castiel can’t move. He won’t move. He doesn't care if he never moves again. At his knees, several crickets hop across the grass. Swaying, Castiel wordlessly touches the ground with his fingers. He stares down at the grass as a cold breeze makes him shiver, the only sensation his body can register as his head bows loosely past his shoulders. Now that the hole is shut, a silence that feels achingly permanent makes his ears ring.
“Garth. What are you doing here?” he says quietly, looking around hesitantly for any sign of other angels. As Castiel draws closer, he realizes Garth’s face is streaked with blood, his eyes as swollen as his lower lip. He’d been beaten - badly.
After dinner, Dean turns on one of his records while Sam pages through his comic books. He tries not to think about the conversation at dinner, and he doesn’t bring it up with Sam. Truthfully, he doesn’t know how to feel about Castiel potentially being one of the “queer types” - it doesn’t really matter that much, does it? Dean doesn’t know and he decides he won’t care, despite the nagging, pressing feeling in his chest that doesn’t go away, even with his face buried in a magazine. He’s so distracted, he doesn’t hear the sound drifting through their open window from outside; not at first. But Sam does. He frowns as he slides off the bed, edging towards the window near Dean’s side of the room.
That makes Dean laugh wholeheartedly as he shoots Castiel a smile. God, this guy is strange. But, strangely enough, Dean doesn’t mind it as much as he thought that he would. Castiel talks like a robot, Dean decides. A very sincere, very talented robot. He's honest - Dean could give him that much. It's an honesty that, despite Castiel's stiff, awkward way of speaking, makes it easier to talk to him.
Castiel almost forgets to respond, dazed as he is by all that’s unfolded. They’re really okay...for now. And when this is all over, maybe they could have something. What that something is, Castiel doesn’t know. But he doesn’t think that he has to know just yet. “Yes,” he says finally. “Let’s...let’s get out of here.”
Dean only shakes his head. “Sam...even if we can’t find him, I still want to do this. With you. But I...I just want to see that he’s...okay. That he’s happy. That he-he didn’t get kidnapped or-or get himself
Once he’s finished, he downs the beer in four, large gulps, and sits quietly on his bed. He doesn’t bother playing his record player or even opening one of his car magazines. He just sits, hoping for some kind of sign that everything would be okay again. Even when he knows it wouldn’t be. He’d ignored this for so long, and now that it’s staring him right in the face, Dean doesn’t know what to do. His friend is being hurt, probably as he speaks, and he’s sitting here,
He stands before the mirror on the far end of the tiny shop, looking at himself in dazed disbelief. He is whole; pale and tired, eyes darting and unfocused. A hint of a beard growing out around his chin. But no markings stretch across his face. No scars. No sign of pain or misery or bloodshed. But the hell hounds...surely the hell hounds would have left their mark.
if you’ll mind the near-blasphemous comparison I just made between my home and your weird, ground-up cows.”
Dean swallows thickly, looking at Castiel. If Castiel doesn’t know any better, he would think that Dean is looking at him with
Dean presses his lips together, feeling the weight of the question hang heavy in the air between them. God, Benny is so easy to talk to. So, so easy. He likes him -- likes him a lot. He always had. He could be happy with Benny -- or, at least, as happy as two boys could be together in a town like this. In a
Dean turns to look at the boys again. With no teachers in sight, the three boys are laughing maniacally as they smack Benny’s notebooks out of his hands.
Two figures across the floors are fighting. A hard punch sends a strangled groan from a woman’s lips, and soon, she’s falling to the ground. Castiel runs across the floor, his gun raised. He can’t make out the other figure, but as the woman’s hood falls from her face, he can see the expanse of her blonde hair spill across the floor.
Castiel doesn’t answer. He knows the other is right, no matter how much it threatens to rip him apart where he stands.
Movement to their left makes them both turn. Dean stands in the aisle between the pews with Jo beside him, a protective hand laid across her shoulder. He narrows his eyes at Naomi, a hint of a smirk stretching across his face.
Dean smiles. “Got it.” Carefully, he pours some on his finger, pulling an odd face at the texture on his fingers.“It’s...slimy?”
- he’s Michael. The most powerful archangel in heaven. He’s doing what he’s always been meant to do; kill his brother at all costs.”
Dean nods in careful thought. “I just pulled it from your memories. Wasn’t sure what this place was or what it meant, but I figured it’d be better than that gorefest back there.”
“That’s different,” Dean growls. “And I told you I don’t talk about any of that. What’s done is done. I’m his son, I’m supposed to do what’s right by him and by you. I didn’t — so I dealt with the consequences. And now, I’m gonna do what’s right by my-my friend. And by you - I’m done after today, Sam. I’m not letting anyone hurt you or Cas’ anymore.”
“No. I’m sorry. But...I have been finding some not-so-good news. A few hunters I know just turned up dead. Their insides ripped out. Bloody, nasty stuff...I got word from Rufus and it doesn’t seem like it was the work of demons. I was gonna go check it out...you wanna come with me?”
this place? It’s so small. I feel like I’m choking on suburbia every time I walk out the door. There’s nothing to do here...and everyone just does the same thing. Again and again.”
Dean just shakes his head. He wants to sink into the floor and hold Castiel until his pain subsides. He wants to take every ounce of pain and make it his own. Castiel doesn’t deserve this.
That week, the air is silent. Dean doesn't hear a single sound of the piano and its aching melody, nor does he see any sign of Castiel that weekend. It isn’t until Monday morning rolls around does he see him again, and Dean is secretly relieved. A pit forms in Dean’s stomach in anticipation to see bruises or another swollen lip on his face - but Castiel’s face is blissfully clear. During lunchtime, he’s quieter than usual. Dean chatters idly about some pretty girl named Jo’ in his science class to try and ease the silent tension, but Castiel hardly seems to listen.
Dean shakes his head. At once, Castiel understands. Everything he wants to say can’t be said here. Not now.
he thinks to himself. The thought makes him feel silly, even though it is, technically, rational. He’s an angel - an angel of the Lord. A soldier of heaven. That’s what prayer is all about, isn’t it? Asking for help from a higher power. A higher power you have
Castiel slams it shut quickly. A trickle of sweat beads down the side of his head as he returns the book to the nurse with trembling hands.
” the other Castiel roars. “I’ve prayed to him. Again, and again, and again. I’ve prayed to him until my throat has
when he dares to do something to disobey his brother or his father whom Dean has never even seen. It hurts like a rock in Dean’s stomach.
Castiel shakes his head slowly. “You’re broken. This world broke you. We would never reduce ourselves down to what we - you - are doing now.”
“Yeah, but it’s nice,” Sam points out. “It’s a house. We never lived in a house before. Not since mom.”
Those wing-flappers are a bit too overcharged for a demon to snuff out their lights so easily. But the chat was...stimulating. I had fun.”
and soft words of encouragement that spur Dean on more. He presses in deep and brushes against a tight spot that makes Castiel whimper out Dean’s name.
“Are you scared of this, Castiel? Or, dare I say it, scared of me?” She laughs softly as he grabs the bottle of holy water from the table and douses the blade with it. He sucks in a slow, quiet breath.
read what it said. We managed to capture one in Michael’s charge, and after almost a month, she broke and told us exactly what was needed to cut off an angel’s power: the trials inscribed on the tablet.”
“Leave him alone or I will cut your face,” Castiel growls. The boys draw back. Dick lets go of Dean’s shirt, shoving him away. He nearly topples over, but Benny catches his arm before he can fall. He pulls Dean away from the group and back against the lockers.
Blue. Red. Purple. Orange fire. Screaming. His voice, another’s voice. Laughter. The waiting of it all. Forty years of memory shoved deep in the crevices of Castiel’s skin. The very thought of forgetting is nearly enough to make him laugh. But he doesn’t. Instead, he thinks of his brother with a sinking pit in his stomach.
— and finds Dean, in the kitchen, cursing at a metal pan sizzling on the stove with a snarl. Plumes of smoke rise from the pan. When he hears Castiel run into the kitchen, Dean nearly jumps in place, clearly startled. Castiel blinks at him in stunned silence.
Castiel looks away. The Bible’s depictions of angels are vastly unlike what he experienced back in the barn. Now, the black book sitting on the table mocks Castiel, taunting him to
to be Jo’s doing - but would she bring the entire city to ruin just to make a point? Was this what she meant by ‘perspective?’
“His brother is a jerk,” she says shortly. “His father is a psychopath. I’m surprised, living next door, you haven’t heard them bring the whole house down with their fighting. Their little boy, Gabriel, must be so scared. Castiel loves that boy, but I think he fears for him, too.”
Jerking back, Castiel covers his mouth with his hand as he watches James’ body collapse lifelessly to the ground. Abandoning caution, he surges from his hiding place, hearing a series of gasps erupt from the rest of the camp as they catch sight of the nearly-identical men.
Dean’s eyes droop, half-closed as he reaches up a steady hand and touches the man’s chest. He rips off the thin, white shirt, exposing his toned chest and tattoos that Castiel can’t quite place. Dean’s
“Looks like you caught someone’s attention.” Dean reaches across the table to nudge him as the man approaches. Castiel can feel his brain short-circuit, unable to stop staring at the man for long enough to gather his thoughts before he approaches their table. Dressed in a thong and a see-through white shirt, he gives Castiel a crooked grin before folding his arms in front of his chest.
wrong. But he’s done enough. I can take care of us, Sam. I’ve picked up his tricks over the years. I know how to live on the road...and man, I miss it, sometimes. I really do. But I don’t want us being here anymore. I don’t want
Dean laughs humorlessly. “Depends. If they think you’re screwy in the head, they’ll reset you. Brainwash you, basically - burn your grace away until your reset to your factory settings. But if they see you as truly incurable...they’ll just kill you.”
The angel breathes a sigh. “You’re supposed to be a stronghold for heaven. Your presence is supposed to be a reminder to anyone who even
He finally drags himself out of bed when it’s time to go to work. Like a ghost, Dean doesn’t feel present. He does what he’s supposed to do, fixing up the cars in the shop, listening obediently when his father explains a more difficult repair. He spends hours staring at cars, grateful for the distraction the job provides; the smell of the oil, the pleasant burn in his muscles, his father murmuring directions. And when he comes home with his father, covered in grease and dirt, he hates himself for wishing he could hear Castiel’s piano playing. A sign that Castiel is home from the hospital, that Gabriel is okay, that everything would be okay. That Dean made the right call. That he’d made the call in time.
“Perhaps,” he murmurs. He sits back down on the bench beside Dean, staring down at the yellowing keys.
“See you tomorrow.” Dean doesn’t look at him as he waves him off. Without another word, Castiel grabs his coat and hurries out of the house, leaving Dean and John Winchester alone in the living room. John shakes his head when he hears the front door slam.
“You’re enjoying this,” she says, ignoring his question. “You wanted this so badly. And that is because I changed you, Castiel. And now, you’ll never be the same again. You’ll always enjoy this. You’ll always — “
Groaning, the boys hurry off to help their father unload the rest of the old boxes. Dean carefully pockets the necklace in his jacket where he knows he won’t forget it tomorrow. The idea of confronting the odd boy again makes him grimace, but he supposes it’s unavoidable. They’re neighbors, and the strange boy in the tree appeared to be his age. He should be lucky to have boys his age in the neighborhood at all.
Bending down, Dean draws his tongue slowly over the head of Castiel’s cock, and Castiel grabs Dean’s hair instinctively to keep him going.
The thought enters Dean’s mind quickly, a lightning strike that jolts him with guilt and a shame he can’t quite place. He tries to snuff it out, but the truth of the matter is agonizingly clear; Castiel has never made him uncomfortable, no matter how strange, no matter how
“And there he goes," Michael growls. "This kid rages through the damn house, turning over cushions, screaming at me and Gabriel about his missing necklace before hiding away to bang on that old thing. Castiel!”
Castiel’s breath heaves in and out of his chest as he stares at Dean, wishing desperately that he could punch him again. Dean is angry, too — angry and
In the light of the early evening, Castiel has to blink twice to be sure he knows what he’s seeing - surely, it wouldn’t be the strangest thing to happen to him all day. But as he blinks open his eyes, he stares straight into the face of a man all-too-familiar - one Castiel has, for as long as he can remember, looked upon with so much guilt and anger and shame that he’d spent the past twenty years trying to bury it at every cost to himself.
“I don’t care why you were sent here.” Dean shakes his head, glancing at the Angel Tablet on the ground. He picks up the older Castiel’s still body and pushes past the other and outside the barn doors, kneeling in the tall grass as he casts his head towards the sky. His shoulders shake as he holds Castiel close.
Dean sighs. “Um...fine, I think. I don’t know. He doesn’t talk about stuff at home and spends a lot of time at my place. His family is…”
“You need to stop applying the rules you thought you knew from your time to now. Everything has changed. Nothing is what it was, and there is zero margin for error. Any day now our wardings could prove to be too weak. Any day now, Michael could find us. Working with the Devil won’t be the worst thing I’ve ever done.”
He can’t betray his brother any more than he can let Castiel get hurt. In the silence of the room, he realizes he can hear muffled yelling from the open window next door. Both brothers turn, staring, as the yelling grows in volume.
“We haven’t either,” Robert says shortly. “And there isn’t the time to go looking. She’s carefully guarded and very, very powerful. This whole town needs to go to prevent her from breaking the Seal. And you need to come with us. We can’t kill you while you’re still useful to us, and trust me, if I had it my way, that wouldn’t be the case.
“Your mom would’ve loved this place,” their father murmurs, giving the small dining room a brief look-over. Dean nods uncomfortably. Sam doesn’t answer at all.
“This witch is going to break another Seal,” Dean says shortly. His bluntness surprises Castiel. He had expected a far more cryptic answer. “That witch will sacrifice three people - and she’s already sacrificed two. And then she will raise the demon Samhain and the Seal will be broken.”
Balthazar breathes a sigh. “He just left. He insisted on burning your body, but I...I couldn’t. Call me a softie, but there was some part of me that believed we could still drag your bloody ass back out. But after you became that hell hound’s chew toy, I didn’t hear from your brother again. He got quiet. Real quiet. Like he was...thinking about all this stuff. I tried to reach out to him, but…no luck. Not on my end.”
Dean’s expression softens at once. He blinks in surprise, unable to speak for a long moment before he takes a step forward again, this time with less intention to shake the absurdity out of Castiel’s body. He reaches for Castiel’s hand, instead. But Castiel pulls away, turning his head away from Dean.
John raises his hand sharply. “This isn’t about you, Dean. This is about your brother learning respect for his family. All that school crap is great and all until he doesn’t have a house anymore to do his school work in. It’s about time you two learned to prioritize what’s right.”
“I’m sorry, Castiel,” is all she says. He’s sorry, too. Suddenly aware of the little cross dangling from the thin chain around his neck, he grips the pendant in his fist. It feels like a mockery, now. He rips it off and throws it into the grass.
He wonders if they'd be kind. Already envious of how well the family seems to get along with one another, Castiel leans forward in the tree, trying to pick up on their voices through the sound of the heavy rain. Instinctively, his hand closes around the small, silver music-note pendant hanging loosely around his neck.
Dean sighs and folds his arms. He feels bad - he knows Sam is nervous to start. At thirteen years old, the kid takes school way more seriously than he ever has, and it never exactly made his younger brother popular with the other kids. Sam had come home on more than one occasion with a black eye when they were still changing schools every few months. Scrawny and timid, he was a popular target for bullies.
“It’s cool,” Dean assures him hesitantly. Really, he’s not offended - just concerned. He goes to place a hand on Castiel’s shoulder but quickly decides against it. “I just...you just seemed kinda off. That’s all.”
No. Dean wouldn’t think about that, now. Deep in his gut, Dean knows he’s making excuses. Without excuses, he feels like a flying idiot for creeping out of his house this late at night just to stalk his friend. He can only picture what Sam would say. Or worse, his father.
“There’s Cas’ on that piano again,” he murmurs. “He’s so good at it. He’ll be out of this town before any of us, playing piano somewhere fancy…”
“The only one with keys to the room is you and me,” she says. “I don’t know who else would be able to pull from the supplies. Reese suggested we do a sweep, but the last time we did something like this, people got angry and —”
“I was interrupting...something,” Garth says shortly, raising an eyebrow accusingly. Castiel wants to disappear. “I apologize.”
Castiel sighs. Distant. Yes. Distant is the word. He sits down on the chair opposite Balthazar. His legs feel weak and rubbery, like the muscles aren’t quite accustomed to movement just yet. His fingers find the Bible on the table - his Bible. The well-read bookmarked copy of his own Bible. The cover, sleek and black, is a familiar touch under Castiel’s calloused fingers. He takes it into his hands, feeling its familiar weight.
“Hey, kiddo,” Dean greets the younger brother. He gives Castiel a quick ‘hey,’ quickly slamming the hood of the white chevy he’d been fixing the brakes on for the past half hour. Gabriel waves at him with a gloved hand.
“Yes,” she says slowly. “I think she’s here. A demon. Castiel…” She reaches out a hand to touch him, but before he can react, the doors of the church fly open and a woman steps inside. Standing stiffly to attention, she looks between the two of them with a slow nod, amusement crossing her sharp features. Power radiates from her presence - a familiar power that makes Castiel’s blood run cold. Her hair is pulled back in a tight bun, a gray suit hugging tightly to her figure. Her eyes roll back, revealing a murky white. Castiel grabs his demon knife from his pocket.
Dean's eyes begin to glow as he raises his hand. Above them, the building begins to quake, the crack in the stained glass where Jo had been thrown against the wall etching further and further up until the glass shatters. A roar of thunder erupts in Castiel's ears. Dean's mouth moves, but he can't hear what he's saying over the massive roar. Castiel ducks his head down as a blinding light begins to flood the room. Beside them, Naomi grabs him by the front of his shirt.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbles. “Um — I think your brother dropped this the other day. I wanted to, uh, give it back.”
Wordlessly, Castiel glares at his brother, before pushing past him. Dean stumbles awkwardly to follow him, giving a half-hearted wave to Michael before the two finally stumble out outside. Of all things he expected when returning the boy’s necklace, this certainly hadn’t been one of them. Feeling on-edge, Dean feels a twist of pity in his gut for the boy as he quickly follows him up the driveway and out onto the sidewalk.
He clenches his teeth. Dean doesn’t appear. Of course, he wouldn’t. He feels silly for even trying. He could use
He turns to look at her again, taking a long, careful step closer to where she’s bound to the gate. Her eyes are set on his, shining and anticipating.
I have more destiel projects, including a BigBang fic, that I can't wait to share. In the meantime, you can follow me on Tumblr at
“Sorry, Dean," Michael grumbles over his cigarette. He jams a finger in Castiel's direction. "This one likes to act like he owns the place. Feel free to rough him up if he starts running his mouth again. Now get outside before I take a sledgehammer to that piece of out-of-tune crap. Go be useful and show the new kid around the town or something.”
Or, maybe, he’s always just been too afraid to. He tries not to think about it as he drifts off to sleep.
Castiel blinks, shaking his head. His eyes are dazed and unfocused, as though he’s only half-present in the real world.
Without saying another word, he resheathes his knife and pushes past Castiel to storm out of the cabin and back out into the sunlight.
Before him, Dean stands, his gaze steely and fixed on the hunter before him. Against the back wall of the barn, two, massive shadows stretch out on either side of Dean. Wings. Massive, massive wings, reflected in the wild flashes of lightning flickering in the enclosed space. Castiel’s breath catches as a deep, sinking feeling presses against the inner walls of his chest.
Dean turns his head, watching Castiel’s dark, messy hair catch in the springtime wind. He shivers; the weather isn’t quite warm enough for a t-shirt. Not yet. But that doesn’t stop Dean from refusing to wear a jacket at the first hint of sunshine, much to Castiel’s dismay.
“I just know,” the other says shortly. “And I’ve been listening to what little I can pick up from radio signals - this place is typically a hot spot for Croatoans and demon activity. Perfect to keep away any unwanted attention.”
Castiel shrugs. He seems to barely hear Dean. Finally, he tucks the necklace into his jacket pocket, keeping his hand placed over it once it is hidden away.
“I suppose it’s safe to presume your relationship with your dead daddy is still just as complicated as it was when you poured your heart out to me down there. Remember that? I was curious and you wanted the pain to stop. I don’t even think you had it in you to lie. That was a rough day for you, wasn’t it?”
Castiel finally looks away, draining the last few drops of whiskey from the glass. It tingles on his tongue. For a long, long moment, he stares into the empty glass, trying to reign in the responses of his body without making too much of a fool of himself.
“Hey, I said sorry. Some people...are able to handle it. I had my doubts, even with your religious...stuff going on there. But, unfortunately, my suspicions were true; I knew you were without faith. And, well, it showed. Didn’t mean to blow your eardrums out, though. Sorry, again.”
"You okay?" Dean asks. Castiel stammers for an answer. He takes in the sight of his new neighbor up close; wide green eyes. A curious quirk of an eyebrow. Panicked, Castiel remains utterly silent before quickly wrenching his arm from Dean's grasp. He turns and bolts for his house, his feet flying out behind him as they thud against the soaked ground.
Dean can’t tell if that’s supposed to be an insult or a compliment. He narrows his eyes as a thousand, swarming questions buzz to the forefront of his mind. The flush across his face deepens, never having fully gone away.
“Angels...are a story," Castiel says slowly. "They...they are not like you…" His voice trails off -- awed and cautious. Hesitant to believe. The angel’s mannerisms do not align with Castiel’s perception of the creatures derived from the Bible. He is cocky, smirking, and seems comfortable prodding deep under Castiel’s skin.
“Your brother,” she spits out. Her voice curls into an ugly, low growl as blood spurts from her mouth and splatters across Castiel’s face. “Your
Behind Lucifer — Samhain — Dean and Robert appear. The two of them raise their hands as a blinding flash of light erupts through the room, forcing Castiel to turn away. The roar erupts in his ears, the light making the handprint scar on his shoulder tingle and burn. He drops to his knees as the roar grows louder and louder, so loud he has to clap his hands over his ears. A wave of dizziness washing over him, and soon, Castiel can no longer stand. He slips into a tunnel of black as his eyes roll back in his head.
It isn’t three weeks after the incident that Dean spots Castiel in the hall. He has to physically hold himself back from launching himself at his friend and throwing his arms around his neck in a massive hug. Dean nearly trips as he stumbles over to Castiel’s locker where his friend stands stiff, loading books into his backpacks. His vision tunnels and darkens around him, not caring about a single thing except for the sight of his friend. Dean’s hand lands on his shoulder as he turns him around with a wide grin.
Angry that he’d buried himself in a book for years, searching for answers that were never there, to begin with. God is gone. That much is true. There’s nothing left to look for, no more answers to seek. No more guilt to be had. And here, a holy angel is standing before him wanting to be touched, achingly human and terribly vulnerable.
“Not so fast, tiger,” the familiar voice breathes. “Easy now.” Castiel blinks his eyes open. A familiar face swims into view.
Castiel pales. With a shake of his head, he moves to sit beside Dean. The proximity comforts him, and he has a sudden urge to take his hand in his own. But he quickly shoves the urge aside. Comfort is what he seeks, now - and he cannot seek comfort from an angel who makes his head spin like this. Who might not even be as much of an ally as Castiel would like to hope.
Dean shakes his head. “No. Anyone can learn to read music and practice and be good at an instrument. You have a gift. You...you can match what you hear to what’s on that piano like it’s
friend of Balthazar’s, Castiel would feel guilty saying ‘no.’ Balthazar had nothing outside of Castiel - nothing but endless bottles of whiskey and terrible daytime television.
When Castiel says nothing, Dean knows it’s the truth. For the second time since he’s known Dean, he watches tears gather in his eyes.
for all that had happened between them. When Benny pulls away, he seems content. Happy that the two are leaving off on a good note when things have felt anything
His figure remains shrouded by the wet leaves, though the tree from where he watches the family is only several yards away from the house the new family would make their home. Two boys, the older just about his age, and a father. No mother in sight. The older brother, a gruff, broad-shouldered boy even at his young age, kicks a puddle of water at his younger brother's already-soaked clothes. The younger boy shoves him angrily, causing the older boy to laugh. Even Castiel laughs a little at the banter.
Castiel groans. Memories of...whatever happened before swim back into focus, making him wish he had simply stayed unconscious. God, there had been so much blood. So much screaming. Castiel draws in a shaky breath, trying to ground himself with the sights and smells of the hospital room.
“Will you at least answer some of my questions?” he whispers. “If you...if you were truly hoping this would end differently, will you at least
Something with unimaginable power far beyond anything they had ever seen or could even begin to understand.
If Dean Winchester knows one thing, it’s that Castiel’s strange behaviors and even stranger secrets would surely drive him insane one day.
“Nope. You left me in the dark there, mate. S’not like I was around much for you two afterward, so I’m not gonna sit here and take all the bloody credit.” Balthazar takes another, long drink, shivering as he places the glass down on the table beside the sofa. “Is this something I’m gonna need more whiskey for?”
“Why me, then?” Castiel demands. “Of all people, why me? You said it yourself. My faith is…questionable. It’s rocky. I...I don’t know what I believe anymore. You told me in my dream that...that I didn’t go to hell for the reasons I thought, but…
“Sorry about him,” Castiel grumbles once they’ve finally put distance between themselves and the house. His cheeks are flushed as they hurry down the sidewalk, no real direction; just an urgent need to get away.
"I'm fine. I need to get you two out of here. Naomi isn't the only one looking for Jo." Dean hurries over and touches Jo's shoulder gently, his face softening at once. "I'm gonna protect you, okay? I told you I’d protect you...and I’m going to. I promise.”
“Nope. Doors aren’t really a thing in heaven. And angels don’t have a concept of privacy like humans do. I’ll, uh, knock next time though.”
Castiel shrugs again. Dean just stares. He’s never met anybody who could play that well just from listening to the music by ear.
The church is quiet. On a Thursday afternoon, it’s empty of any inhabitants. The lead he has on Joanne is weak, at best - but it’s all he has. He slips in through the back, breaking the lock with a stone laying on the cracked parking lot. Above him, the sun hangs heavy in the sky, making him sweat as he looks around to ensure he’s not being observed.
“The last one?” Castiel repeats. “Lucifer...I didn’t know you would be here. I-I’ve been looking for you. I came back, I-I went to hell but I’m back, and it was angels who — “
when he tries to keep still enough to feel tired. Maybe it’s because, for the ninth night in a row, he doesn’t hear Castiel’s piano playing through his window. He checks his clock - twenty minutes ‘till midnight. With a groan, Dean sits up in bed, rubbing the back of his head as he gazes out the window. The chilly night is mostly clear, the full moon providing a blanket of dim light over the town as it peers through a thin film of clouds. It’s a thin sheen of illumination; a cozy glow, enough to see what’s in front of you, but not enough to see behind the looming shadows of the houses and trees.
“No, Dean,” she says quietly. “Heaven placed too much of its faith in old order and destruction. You didn’t cause destruction. Heaven collapsed all on its own.”
Castiel manages a small smile. “If it means anything, you probably made the right choice. It seems...confusing up there. And bloody.”
“Place your fingers at A sharp...C….and E sharp. Like that. Good.” And then, Castiel is moving Dean’s hands over the keys. The tempo is slow, to start, and a little clunky. Dean keeps his eyes fixated on Castiel’s hands, effortlessly moving Dean’s own over the correct chords until the music becomes recognizable. Dean smiles nervously, watching his hands move. Castiel isn’t having him play the melody, but the chords themselves are familiar, and soon, Castiel is slipping his own hands away. Dean can feel the absence like a shot of ice through his veins and it startles him enough to have to readjust his hands.
the religious one here, aren’t you?” Balthazar asks. “I’d have thought you of all people would believe in this whole angel...business.”
Castiel sighs as he rubs his hands down his face. Relieved as he is to be away from the frightful nightmare, none of this still makes any sense to him. Apparently, angels can visit dreams, too. And manipulate them, if this really is Dean’s doing.
“Dude, I don’t think you understand how I’m seeing you right now,” Dean breathes. “You uh, you know how you were supposed to be my vessel and everything? It’s like...I’m looking at you and that hasn’t changed, except I’m
For now, however, they both curl up in bed, their weary bodies pressed tightly together in a tangle of limbs and sweaty hair. Every nerve in Castiel’s body feels like it could burst and overflow with love - he didn’t know he was capable of feeling so warm; so
Dean sighs, tossing his ball up into the air and catching it with a groan. He doesn’t know what to say. He should be grateful. He knows that. And there are certainly a lot of things that Dean doesn’t miss about being on the road. He didn’t like being homeless, not knowing when they would eat next, not knowing when he could feed Sam. But it’s hard to make Sam understand that this home feels too small for Dean’s skin. Dean is pretty sure he won’t even be finishing his last few years of high school. School weighs him down. He can barely get through it most days, and when they were spending all their time on the road, Dean had been more preoccupied with helping his father with odd jobs or keeping food on the table for Sam. He wishes he knew how to put into words how he feels about this place; the way Dean can’t seem to wear it on his skin the way everybody else can. The way that he’s relieved he has stability, but craves the freedom all the same.
Dean swallows thickly, giving Castiel a long, lingering look. “There might be another way. And when you’re ready, I can tell you. And I hope that you and I will see eye-to-eye when that time comes.”
The words are a lightning bolt to every nerve in Dean’s shaking body. Castiel reaches a shaking hand up to cradle Dean’s face, tears dripping down the sides of his face. Dean feels his heart angrily hammer against his chest, demanding the words that Dean can’t bring himself to return as Castiel leans close, bringing his face mere inches from Dean’s. Their lips don’t touch, but the whisper of Castiel’s breath against Dean’s mouth is enough to feel like the kiss that would never come. Dean closes his eyes.
The two look at each other again. Castiel desperately tries to read Dean’s steely expression. He swears there’s a look of regret in his eyes - remorse, even. But it’s gone before Castiel can catch it.
Castiel smiles a little. Sitting on the floor with his trenchcoat pooled in his lap, he seems so small. So unlike the boy who pulled a knife on a group of bullies months ago.
be able to save him, should he take his grace back. But this isn’t a normal death. This is his body fulfilling his end of a deal that he’s ready to make. The last, good thing he was ever able to do. He’s so sure he’s dying. He believes it with all his might. And maybe, just maybe, he’s a little bit relieved. He isn’t strong enough to live.
do? We steal pills, we smoke, we kill people we screw around with because we can’t possibly think of another way to save them?”
Castiel nods solemnly, turning to watch his brother pluck a small dandelion from the wet grass. “You are as unhappy here as I am, Dean. Your happiness is important, too. Don’t you know that?”
“Well I do, Dean. Before we had a house, Dad used to say and do all kinds of dumb stuff to you. He used to hit you, too. And I wish I would’ve done something, too — “
the essence of who she is - spark, her rebellion, and her fiery determination. But with that, he can feel her sorrow, too. Her loneliness. That brief, flicker of solitude that rests deep within her being startles Castiel, making him want to reach out to her and pull her into a tight hug.
Over time, Dean begins to learn more about his elusive friend. He knows that Castiel and his younger brother Gabriel are close. Gabriel, who could sometimes be seen with his tiny face pressed against the window, waiting for Castiel to come home after school. Castiel tells Dean that, sometimes, Gabriel will sit in Castiel’s bedroom and listen to him play the piano at night and fall asleep right on the floor.
Castiel laughs again, blinking up at the ceiling as he wills his body to relax. Dean freezes inside him, staring at Cas as he waits to be told what to do next. “It’s okay,” he breathes. “It just surprised me, that’s all. It’s...warmer now. I think I just need to relax.”
Looking down at himself, he realizes that, though Lucifer is young, Castiel is the same age as he was when Jo sent him here. But Lucifer seems not to notice the obvious difference in their ages.
“Well...then only you and I would know that, wouldn’t we? So I can’t possibly be lying. I’m just as much you as you are.”
me, Castiel,” Benny says, almost conversationally. Castiel shakes his head, raising his hands with a pained noise. Guilt floods his system as he
They meet eyes. Dean tilts his head, studying Castiel before his eyes flicker to the sight of the older Castiel’s body on the floor.
Balthazar gives him a long, steady look. Castiel is aware of how he sounds - hopeful, yet apprehensive. Terrified, but steady in his words. Castiel hopes that it wasn’t Lucifer’s doing just as much as he hopes that it was his attempt. Perhaps he is selfish enough to hope that Lucifer cares for him enough to try, as much as he resents the idea that his brother would be so stupid as to doom his own fate for Castiel. The paradoxical tide of everything Castiel feels for his brother is nothing that Castiel is unaccustomed to.
. Before I really give you something to get all scared about. I won’t hear any of that disrespect in this house. You don’t like the way I run things, you can get the hell out!”
for him to do without specifying what he meant. And Castiel hasn’t thought of anything but the confrontation since then.
“No, it’s fine.” Dean turns to Castiel. “We can trust him,” he says. “He’s a friend. He’s helping me hide Jo.”
Finally, after a fumble of awkward shifting on the bed, Castiel is half-slumped against the headboard with Dean laying between his legs. A line of light, red hickeys trail down from Castiel’s chest down to his hips where Dean had kissed and gently sucked little marks on his skin. He brushes his thumb over one of them and Castiel shivers.
“This is a song I’ve been writing myself,” Castiel says softly. He pulls up a piece of paper riddled with inky scribblings that Dean can’t make out. He squints at it, trying to decipher any meaning from the drawings on the page. He can’t play music himself - but he remembers his mother, sitting down with him and showing him what notes correspond with keys on a piano long ago. But this is different; this doesn’t look like any sheet of music that Dean has ever seen before.
Castiel doesn’t answer. The puzzled expression doesn’t leave his face. But, he seems to silently agree with Dean after a long moment of thought. He pushes himself up from where he’d been sitting on the floor and moves to sit on Dean’s bed.
But his feet are slow and sluggish. He watches in horror as the plume of smoke funnels its way into Lucifer’s mouth with a loud, unearthly scream. Castiel stumbles close enough to see, screaming his brother’s name again and again to no avail. What he sees before him is no longer his brother — his eyes flicker black, and all at once, Castiel understands that the demon had taken Lucifer’s body. And Lucifer had welcomed it.
Castiel knows that he didn’t. He wouldn’t. He never, ever would - he knows how those end. And desperate as he’s been, he’s never been so desperate as to bargain with a deal for something that he wants. The reasons for Castiel’s damnation, Castiel knows, were not the result of any deal that he made.
he thinks to himself. Already, he has a bad feeling about this. Between the time Jo knocked him out and now, something had happened - something
Surprised, Castiel pulls back from his throat, blinking silently. He almost forgets to work him through the orgasm and gives his cock a few weak jerks until Dean finally stills. That couldn’t have been five minutes if even that. He looks at Dean in surprise as a deep blush spreads across the angel’s cheeks.
The way he looks at her with a protective longing in his eyes makes Castiel’s chest tighten where he stands.
“I don’t care what you think I can or cannot do,” Castiel says quietly. “I won’t leave this town. You’ll have to let me die if you want to destroy it so badly.”
“I warned her not to spy on me like that,” Dean murmurs. “My ‘true form’ as we angels call it can be...overwhelming to humans like you. Just like my voice. You knew that, though. Almost blew out your ears. Sorry about that.”
“Because he’s getting hurt as we speak. His dad — his dad’s some freaking psychopath. I’ve known it for so long, but...I never did a damn thing, Sam. He keeps getting hurt because I won’t do anything.”
a thrilling conversation, I must say.” She waves a hand and, suddenly, Castiel is thrown against the back wall with a loud grunt. His vision spins as a dull, throbbing pain wracks through his skull and down through his spine. He tumbles to the ground in a heap, trying and failing to climb to his feet. Dimly, he hears the clack of her heels across the ground as she approaches him and crouches down beside him. Her eyes are a blank, milky white with no pupil.
Castiel groans quietly, but he manages a nod. Dean places a gentle hand on Castiel’s shoulder. All at once, the pain in his head fades, sucked away as quickly as he’d woken up to it. His thoughts feel sharper, more alert, and he’s able to push himself upright in bed with minimal pain. “Thank you,” he says quietly. “Um...in the future, you don’t need my consent to heal me. I appreciate the gesture, however.” They meet eyes and Castiel shivers. Dean always looks at him so
. He finishes his glass and slowly follows Dean out the doors of the club. The rush of cold hair makes him shrug his thin, gray jacket tighter over his shoulders. Ahead of him, Dean is laughing.
"I'm tired," he snaps. He doesn't say another word. He marches off to bed, taking the stairs two at a time. Their father yells, and stubborn as a bull, Sam doesn't listen. He'd be grounded, but right now, Dean is too tired to care about fighting on the first night of their new home.
But with the love he’d surely carry with him for the rest of his days, he knows that there will still be grief. And he knows that not every day will be easy. He still spends many of them unable to get out of bed, hardly able to bring himself to eat or drink or bathe until Dean coaxes him out from under the covers with gentle hands and a goofy joke. There are days where Castiel will catch Dean sitting on the table where Balthazar once sat, staring absently out the window like he’s waiting for someone to come home. And with a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder and a whispered promise in his ear, Castiel draws Dean back to the land of the living, back
“One day, Lucifer snapped. It wasn’t his fault. One of the women, Rebecca, I believe her name was, began screaming at him for leaving his toys out on the kitchen floor. He was only eleven...and he had been playing. I don’t know why she made such a fuss about it, but she came after him and began striking him again and again. I begged her to stop, but she wouldn’t. She was bruising him, backing him into a corner, calling him horrible, horrible things. So he fought back. He grabbed a knife and began slashing at her and...I don’t know what happened after that...it’s blurry...but he killed her. I found out later that she...she was pregnant. Only a few weeks along...but…”
” he growls. He tries to jerk away from Benny’s firm grip again, but the boy is too strong. Built bulkier than Dean, Benny doesn’t look like the type who gets easily picked on.
“I, uh...I liked talking with you too,” he spits out. He feels his cheeks grow red. Castiel peers at him curiously.
The confession feels heavy in Dean’s stomach like he’d just breached something intimate and private that was never meant to be spoken aloud. But Castiel smiles; a smile that makes Dean feel utterly weak in the knees.
“Well...you wanna know why you were saved?” Dean asks slowly. He’s circling Castiel again. Watching him. Observing him. Castiel feels goosebumps erupt up his arms and a harsh shiver passes up his spine. A sense of foreboding casts a cold shadow over Castiel’s shoulders as he watches Dean with wide, wondering eyes. “You were saved because God commanded it. And you and I? We have work to do, Castiel.”
Dean nods, afraid that if he tries to speak, nothing but a series of senseless noises would come out.
“That’s because I am. There’s...a lot that I can’t tell you. But I can help you. You have to trust me, Castiel. Anything I can do to earn your trust...anything at all…”
Dean immediately begins launching into his favorite Beatles records, naming at least ten off the top of his head as Castiel nods along in genuine interest. The whole time, he keeps a tight grip on the necklace, as though terrified to lose it again. Dean does most of the talking as they walk together, with Castiel nodding in agreement when Dean names a song that he particularly likes, or confirming whether or not he is able to play a song that Dean likes. As they talk, the two hardly even realize they had walked all the way down the road. Slowly, the town’s atmosphere begins to take a seedy undertone; cracks begin appearing more frequently on the sidewalk, the buildings appeared more run-down. Several men sitting on the curb drinking from paper bags raised their heads as the two young boys walked past. Quickly, Castiel extends a stiff arm in front of Dean, who stops dead in his tracks.
Dazed, Castiel nods. Taking that as a sign to keep going, Dean slides his fingers down Castiel’s bare skin, making him shiver. His body relaxes instantly at the touch, and Dean can’t stop looking at him like he’s marveling at the brilliant creation that is Castiel for the very first time. Quickly, they discard the rest of their clothing - shirts, pants, and underwear fall to the floor between fervent kisses and wandering hands. Dean is everywhere - his mouth finds Castiel’s pulse, and Castiel gasps, arching into him in time for Dean to suck at the sensitive part of his throat. Castiel threads his fingers through Dean’s hair, urging him not to stop as he slides a hand between them to gently stroke Dean’s cock. Dean lifts his head, eyes trailing to the red handprint on Castiel’s shoulder as he places his hand over the top of it. Gasping, Castiel can feel the tingle spread down through his arm and race down the muscles of his torso, the spark of connection he had felt in the car and now, here. He looks up at Dean as Dean gazes at the handprint - the mark
“It matters,” the other rasps. “It matters a lot.” Before Castiel can react, the other brings up the butt of the rifle and brings it down over his skull. A roaring pain erupts through the side of his head, and his legs immediately give out from underneath him. The last thing he sees is the tilt of the earth before his head hits the ground.
“Lucifer,” he says quietly. “It’s me...it’s Castiel. I...look...there have been some...troubling things happening lately. But I’m alive. And I swear it’s really me, you can even ask Balthazar. I think...I think we might be in trouble. It’s big, Lucifer. It’s...bigger than anything we’ve ever faced before. Angels are walking the earth...real, Biblical angels. And...I fear that the coming of the end of days may be close. Our father...I think our father was right, Lucifer. Please...I know we’ve...had our differences in the past. But I need to know that you’re okay and I swear I’ll explain everything then. I need you — “
She throws a rolled-up newspaper at his feet. “I suggest you read that. And then, I want you to spend some time in this world to see how your actions will affect those around you - to see how much more you really have to lose.”
Castiel shrugs. “Perhaps that is what makes her pretty,” he points out. Dean grimaces, wiping a hand down his face.
no other way. This is the end of the world. The angels use the virus to thin out the population. Humans are most susceptible to it - those who survive it are demons, rogue angels, or monsters. The angels can then identify them and wipe them out quickly on their impossible hunt for the Devil. The planet is
Castiel glares at the man -- the creature. Whatever he is. Something far, far more unearthly, far more powerful than anything Castiel has ever seen. He shoves past him, dropping to Balthazar’s side to place his ear against his chest. The slow beat of life pushes in Balthazar’s chest;
“Yes. Thank you.” Castiel sighs, looking up at Dean with wary eyes. “Why are you here? Who is…?” Castiel’s voice trails off as he glances at the man beside Dean.
Alastair groans impatiently from across the room. He strides over, his face contorting into an ugly scowl. “What are you doing?!” he hisses. “He’s not going to say ‘yes.’ We’ll find you a better vessel - kill this abomination and be done with it!”
“Anyway, no, Balthazar needs to stay here. If we happen to stumble across any angels, they could get a hold of him and use him against us. This needs to be quiet and subtle.”
when Dean got a little bit too close. She was only discharged from the hospital a couple of days ago.
After they eat, Castiel wanders over to the table where Balthazar often studied lore, bent over the table, reading diligently through different books and countless other texts. He traces his fingers across the open bible - his own Bible - and across the notes that they’d both taken in the margins. He thinks about how hard Balthazar had worked to help Castiel save the world. How heavy with grief Balthazar had been over the loss of his sister to a force he couldn’t understand. From the doorway, Dean watches him, keeping his distance.
Castiel shudders, briefly remembering his other self swallowing a handful of pills he’d pulled from his pocket. Surely he wouldn’t steal from the camp’s supplies…
Castiel stands at attention, stiff as a board, eyes wider than fear itself as the man stalks across the lawn. Even little Gabriel stands stiffly at his brother’s side, a small fist clutching his brother’s coat. His small eyes fill with fear.
“Careful!” Castiel barks, aiming his gun at the woman as he jogs over to the two. “She’s a witch. You need to be —“
It’s like punching a concrete wall. There’s no give. Dean blinks, barely having felt the blow to his face that should have knocked at least a few of his teeth out. Castiel’s eyes bulge as his hand falls limp at his side, howling pain coursing up his arms and straight to his shoulder. He bites back a string of curses as Dean wrinkles up his nose in dismay. He doesn’t even seem angry at Castiel, which enrages Castiel even more.
“You care about one another. That’s more than a lot of people can say about their friends these days,” Jodi remarks. “And sometimes, people do crazy things for those they care about.”
“No. I wasn’t,” Dean agrees. Even admitting that out loud takes more strength than Dean thought that he had. “Still hurt, though. My old man’s been hitting on Sam...hates me for, well…” He gestures lamely to Benny.
Dean blinks, pulling his hand away from Castiel’s shoulder, severing the connection. His stomach sinks.
Mortified, Castiel groans as he slowly comes back to his senses. He forces his aching limbs to move and scrambles to his feet like a startled cat. In his haste to get up, he slips on the wet grass, nearly losing his balance for the second time. A hand catches his arm. He blinks as he finds himself staring into the wide eyes of the older boy; Dean. A ways back, his younger brother and father watch curiously.
No, he wants this as badly as his head is screaming at him that he doesn’t. He wants to prove to himself that he can overcome the abuse he’s delved onto himself for as long as he can remember. Plus, this is purely practical, right? Dean needs to hide. Castiel offered to help. Angels wouldn’t find them here. Dean would be safe and so would he.
“...pocket dimension,” Dean repeats. Castiel nods warily, still half-asleep as he blinks against the harsh light in the kitchen. He refuses to try and wrap his head around that concept. “And now that she’s gone, they, uh...they think it might’ve been me who hid her away.”
“Dean...you are,” Castiel says gently, forcing Dean to look him in the eye. “You have to be. You can’t let me down. Not now. Not after everything we’ve been through. You’ve saved my life so many times. You need to let me do this for you.
Dean doesn’t answer. He slices the blade across Lucifer’s throat, ripping an agonized howl from deep in Castiel’s chest as he watches his brother die. Dropping to his knees, Castiel watches as blood and wispy tendrils of light pour from the wound. With a shaking hand, Dean takes a vile from his pocket and collects the wispy, white matter from the air, and murmurs something under his breath. Again. And again. And again.
Days pass slowly, and Castiel doesn’t notice the change, most of the time. He doesn’t leave the house willingly. Sometimes, he brings himself to look up possible cases in the area. He doesn’t follow the leads, though. He doesn’t have the energy.
Castiel feels a rush of ice flood through his veins. All at once, he is very, very relieved he’d decided to park the car. Castiel grips the steering wheel tightly as he stares straight ahead, watching the dim lights of the NO VACANCY sign flicker and burn just above where the car sits motionless on the asphalt. He wants to disappear, to vanish and leave nothing behind in his trace. He wants to never have existed in the first place.
“I can’t see,” she whimpers. Castiel can only stare, silent and wordless as his gaze darts between her and Balthazar. Panic rises in this throat as his hands begin to shake, gaping at Balthazar wordlessly as he gropes to take her shaking hand in his.
Forcing a hand between them, Castiel scrambles to undo the buckle of Dean’s jeans before he grabs the waistband of his pants and jerks them down past his hips. It’s not enough to take them off completely, but Castiel doesn’t care. He palms him over the fabric of Dean’s boxers, making Dean whine softly against his mouth. Like this, Castiel can feel Dean press into his open hand, eager and demanding with every roll of his hips. Dean didn’t have to tell Castiel that he’s never done this before - his reactions say it all. Every brush of Castiel’s fingers sends a shiver through Dean’s body like he’s being touched for the first time. And he is. Castiel feels righteous,
Castiel covers his mouth with his hand, his head snapping back away from the barn to look at Dean cradling his other self’s body close to his chest. An agonized howl of pain rips through Dean’s throat as Castiel’s body spills from his lap. His back arches and contorts in blinding pain as a plume of smoke spills from an invisible presence on his back.
Smiling, Castiel jogs around the perimeter of the pond as Lucifer’s quick hands dart beneath the rock to pull a slimy, black salamander out and hold it in his hand.
“We should stop doing that,” Castiel says, realizing this for the first time. He looks at Dean as he says it. It feels strange to say it aloud. But not bad. “We do that quite often. We...burden ourselves for what our fathers could have prevented long ago. The apocalypse. Lucifer...everything.”
From his position, he can see the two of them fall together from the window, uncovered by curtains. His future self stares at the other man with stoic intensity, suggesting he’s going to devour the man instead of screwing him. He’s another mission, Castiel realizes; the man is something that he will take and conquer without faltering. It’s all a hassle of movement as they dip in and out of view from the window, quickly undressing without taking their time as discarded clothes drop needlessly to the ground.
The pain is vast and his body locks up, rigid and immobile as the thumping in his chest grows harsh and thick. His vision flickers. He chokes on nothing in his throat. He shoves down the instinct to cry out Dean’s name. Dean
“Right,” he says, instead. Castiel’s short response stings a little - but he doesn’t say anything more about it and Castiel offers no further details. When they arrive at Dean’s place after school per their usual routine, Dean pointedly ignores his father’s stares. He casts his eyes to the floor instead as he grunts out a quick 'hello'. He hopes Castiel doesn’t notice. In Dean’s room, he chatters idly about Jo’ some more as Castiel looks through Dean’s records some more, keeping one hand clenched tightly around the music pendant around his neck.
Dean’s voice breaks. Tears burn at the corners of his eyes. He feels afraid, terrified, for what’s to come. Again and again, the ugly visions of both the brothers in pain strike across his eyes, leaving him weak. Dean knows his friend will get hurt again and Dean wouldn’t be able to do a single thing about it. But Castiel doesn’t look back, not even when Dean calls out his name a second, and then a third time. Guilt bubbles up in Dean’s stomach, and he turns away with an angry, defeated cry. He runs across the yard and towards his house, plowing through the front door before slamming it behind him. He stalks up the stairs and to his room, throwing himself on the bed and burying his face in his arms, not caring who’s home or if his father could have seen him. He doesn’t know how much time passes as he lays in bed and weeps in anger and unspeakable guilt, as though this whole mess were his fault. His fault for not speaking up. His fault for standing by as people he loved got hurt.
“I’ve never once believed I fully understood what God wants,” Castiel says quietly. “I...would have liked to. It would make me...feel more at peace, I believe.”
“I don’t even know if it’s actually his,” Dean points out. “I just found it on the ground after he fell. And anyway, this is a girl’s necklace, isn’t it?”
On the grass outside, Dean lays down beside the large oak tree in the Novaks’ front yard. In the slick grass damp from last night’s rain, he watches as Gabriel chases Castiel around the yard, trying to scare him with his fake mustache. Occasionally, Castiel lets out a dramatic groan of fear and topples to the wet ground, letting Gabriel pounce on his older brother. His tiny fists beat against Castiel’s chest, sending them both into hysterical laughter. Dean is grinning the entire time, enjoying the sunshine finally reaching from behind the misty clouds.
- thank you, both of you, for letting me bounce ideas off of you in the server. It has meant a lot to me and I appreciate you both tolerating my screaming so often (not to mention, uncertified helped me make
Dazed, Dean nods. “He wasn’t bad. Never did anything wrong...he just asked too many questions. The archangels...we weren’t supposed to ask questions. No angels should, but especially not us. He...he was worried that humans would bring about the downfall of heaven. Questioned my father’s motives..criticized human’s use of fire...war...their selfishness. But he never hurt nobody. I’m the only one left who remembers...but my Father painted him as the worst of us all before He left. Said Samuel was evil. Cruel. And I’m afraid of what Samuel will do once he’s free. If I was him...hell, I’d raze the whole planet to dust. He’s been alone in that cage for eons.”
Sam has club after school, and Dean and Castiel walk back alone. Dean chews the inside of his cheek, grappling with how to confront Castiel about his odd behavior. Or if he even should. He decides that the silence, the aching, terrible anticipating, the
“I...question things. I have doubts. I am not the obedient soldier I once was… Sometimes I think that heaven’s plan is...well, that it’s shit,” he says bluntly. Castiel snorts, shaking his head with quiet, bitter laughter, amazed he’s able to laugh at all. Dean shoots him a look with a raised eyebrow.
“You know about the apocalypse,” Castiel says slowly. “The Seals. The angels, Samhain...my brother. How?”
help right now. But Lucifer is the last person who should be here. And so, Castiel is alone. He tries to think - if he were a psychiatric patient receiving messages about the apocalypse from God-only-knows-where, where would he go? What would bring him comfort if he was trying to flee from something in his own head?
“You pulled me out of a nightmare?” he asks. Dean nods. All at once, gratitude floods through him, making him sigh as he stares across the water. “Thank you,” he says quietly. “For saving our lives earlier today. And for...for pulling me out of that nightmare.” He shivers where he sits, feeling uncertain even in the pleasant warmth.
Usually, Balthazar was drunk. But that hadn’t stopped Castiel from coming back to his apartment to play chess or drink with him or watch strange cartoons on his box TV when he had still been allowed to leave the property.
It takes almost ten minutes for the car to start - partially due to the shaking in Castiel’s hands, partially from the fact that the car has been sitting here for five years untouched. But when it finally does, Castiel speeds down the empty road towards Balthazar’s house, silently praying he’d find him there, though he knows in his gut that he won’t. All along the road, the same sight greets his eyes: half-decimated houses. Trash littering the empty streets and strewn across overgrown lawns. Occasionally, Castiel spots a gathering of frantic people on the side of the road. Their bloodshot eyes turn to face his car before they begin sprinting after it, too slow to keep up with the car’s speed. They vanish into the dim light of the early dawn as Castiel drives on.
She gives him a long, dark look, but says nothing more. Castiel glances between them, confused as ever, not daring to expect to receive any answers. Dean sighs.
“It doesn't have lyrics,” Castiel continues. “I’m...not very good at writing words. But it would be my music. My story. Not just the stories of different music artists.”
Castiel assures him that they don’t mind. Gabriel is fascinated by the garage - he wants to touch the tools, much to Castiel’s embarrassment. His older brother keeps him away from the sharper ones, but Dean allows the little boy to play with one of the screwdrivers. He even lets Gabriel pretend to “fix the wheel” of the car while he completes the finishing touches on the engine. Castiel’s smile lingers as he watches Gabriel poke at the valve stem.
“Can we do it again?” Dean asks. If Castiel doesn’t know any better, he’d say he sounds a bit shy. Chuckling, Castiel nods as a warm smile spreads across his face. He had sex with Dean, and the world hadn’t tried to end again. Nothing about him changed at all. He had liked it, eagerly wanted it, and Dean had wanted it all the same.
Dean suddenly appears very, very small. Castiel can only watch him in disbelief, wishing he knew what to say.
These people have enough to worry about as it is. They don’t need to see a duplicate of me walking around, too.”
Castiel remembers the stripper inside the club, how weak with desire he’d made Dean slumped in that chair. He wants to do that now - wants to do better. Angrily, he grabs Dean’s shoulders when he pulls away to slam the door shut, and drags him back against him, pulling their lips together and plunging his tongue past Dean’s lips. Dean moans softly at the intrusion, and the noise makes Castiel shiver. He doesn’t want to take his time, doesn’t want to drag this out. This isn’t love. He refuses to love a being who keeps so many secrets but will shower him with vulnerability Castiel feels like he doesn’t deserve.
But now, Castiel Novak feels a different kind of pain; a muffled, diluted pain that his brain registers as different. Unintentional. No flaying of the nerves, no peeling of the skin or ripping or carving or screaming that would drive Castiel to madness if such a thing existed in hell. Instead, he is suffocating on a mouthful of wet dirt, locked in a tight box with no light. Castiel wonders if this is some new torture, some new way to burn his soul until nothing remains but acrid, black smoke. Perhaps making him think that he is free is the worst of it all.
Devil,” Dean finishes for him. “Devil with a capital ‘D’. Same one as in your Bible, Old Testament and all.” Castiel looks down at the table. He feels numb, and yet, his heart is pounding in his chest like he’d just run a marathon. Memories of his childhood come rushing back in a sickening whirl of color.
“Dean,” he says slowly. Castiel tries to choose his next words with care. “Did you know Lucifer was the one who sent me to hell?”
When Dean looks at him again, Castiel is laying down with his head on the pillow, his eyes shut as he adjusts his body to a comfortable position. Idly, Castiel pulls the covers up to his shoulders. Curled up on the bed, Dean can’t help but smile. His friend looks peaceful like this. Almost childlike. It’s barely a few minutes before he hears the sounds of his friend’s gentle, easy breathing, signaling he’d fallen asleep. When he’s sure Castiel won’t wake up again, Dean lounges against the side of the bed, close enough to feel the boy’s light breathing dust across his hair. Dean feels at peace. Content, even. His own, confusing thoughts nothing but a lingering trickle in his mind
His future self scoffs, sitting back down on the chair with an amused stare. He dips a hand into his pocket and takes out a bottle of pills, pouring three into his hand before swallowing them dry. After a moment, he shakes his head, raking his teeth across his lower lip as he gazes out the window, refusing to look at him.
“Okay,” he says quickly. He isn’t expecting answers. And he doesn’t feel like wrestling them out of Dean, now. Even with the sleep he managed to get, he’d been wrestling answers about the apocalypse and the Seals all day. “Okay. It’s...midnight. And I guess I’m...your human shield now. What am I supposed to do?”
He is free, he understands. Above him, the sunshine is harsh and unrepentant as it casts an angry glare down to the dry earth as though telling Castiel to return beneath the scorching crust where he belongs.
that day. I saw it. The billowing, black cloud of smoke...the laughter...and it burned our entire house down to the ground. Everything...everyone...up in smoke. And then we came to you, walked along the road for hours. And you got us away from that place.”
Dean draws in a deep breath. With a dark look, his father turns his back to Dean and moves to walk out of the kitchen and into the living room.
“Nonsense.” He slides off the bench, grabbing Dean’s shoulders and physically scooting him to the middle of the bench. Dean lets out an indignant noise but lets Castiel handle him until he’s positioned directly in the middle of the piano.
He takes off across the lawn, leaving Castiel alone with Dean. Dean grins and shakes his head. With a careful hand, he brushes loose strands of grass from Castiel’s hair.
Castiel frowns as they walk, but nods in response to Dean's offer without saying another word. Soon, the neighborhood begins looking like its former self again; greener yards. Kept houses. The same, boring American life that’s supposed to be the life. Dean sighs.
“Glad to hear he’s making something useful with his life. You two have been through a ton of crap. You deserve to take it easy.”
Castiel lets out a weak cry as Dean begins to chant, keeping his hand poised above the bowl on the table. Castiel can feel his vision blur and flicker, his eyes rolling back as Benny tightens his grip around his throat. He can’t breathe, can’t
The Devil shakes his head, finally turning his head to look at the younger Castiel. On the floor, the older Castiel’s body finally stills, his eyes wide open and staring lifelessly at the barn ceiling.
Castiel realizes with a painful jolt - raises his arms to accept the demon. Several pages depict stained glass images from the inside of a church. On the final page, the bare back of a man with vast, dark wings splayed out from his shoulder blades. Beside it, large, block letters spell out: THE SWORD OF HEAVEN MUST STOP THE APOCALYPSE.
He feels sick. It’s only Sam’s hand on his shoulder that keeps him from dropping to his knees in the middle of the yard. He hadn’t even noticed his brother had followed him outside. Vaguely, he’s aware of his father’s car pulling into their driveway behind them. But he doesn’t give it a second look. He clutches his stomach, and vomits into the grass, his stomach lurching painfully as it empties its contents. His brother, and soon even his father, are the ones who finally usher him back inside.
She covers her mouth with her hand and shakes her head in barely-contained laughter. And that’s how this day went so many years ago - all three of them laughing. Castiel splashing water on Lucifer, vowing to dunk him under the water, their mother watching fondly and laughing right along. These are their good clothes, and their father would rage at them for soiling them with water. But their mother would clean them to perfection later. Their father isn’t here, and he would never know.
Castiel wakes with a start, realizing he’s in his hotel bed once again. He blinks away the dream as he gains his bearings, unsettled that he’d dream about that memory now, of all times. He’d had the dream over and over again throughout the course of his life, but —
"Balthazar. It's me. Look!" He grabs his silver blade, slicing it across the skin of his forearm with a wince. Blood trickles off his wound. Balthazar splashes holy water on his face. Then again. And again.
“And in exchange, I torture her to find out what’s been killing your angels,” Castiel says hoarsely. Dean nods once. Castiel sucks in a deep, tired breath, before snapping his head up to look Dean directly in the eye. He’s falling. His body is here, present in the car, and he’s tumbling down, down, down into someplace so dark he’s blindly groping along the walls for any sort of direction that he can’t find.
“Do you mean with the angels who have been dying?” Castiel asks once the car is still. Dean nods, his demeanor changing at once.
Dean raises a hand. “Balthazar is fine for the time being,” he says shortly. “But that Benny guy - what was he to you? Why are you so pent up over him?”
Dean scoffs. “You’re destined to be my vessel. I’m confusing my feelings for you with my desire to inhabit your body. Hell, I thought I…” His voice trails off.
It must have something to do with the Seals. With raising the Devil from his cage. Castiel shifts uncomfortably on the bed at the thought, wishing he could put it out of his mind. If Dean really had been telling the truth - and he can’t imagine why the angel would lie to him, now - then he has far, far bigger problems than a simple witch on a hunt.
"We'll meet again, Castiel. I can promise you that much." She throws back her head. A billowing plume of black smoke erupts from her mouth, fleeing and shielding away from the light. He watches, scrambling back as Naomi screams, her body tumbling to the floor as the black plume disappears into a vent. And then, silence. Silence that rocks him just as deeply as the noise had. Castiel gasps for breath, stumbling to his feet as Jo hurries to Castiel's side to help him stand.
I bet that Dean angel told you that you’d get a chance to kill me. That way, you could tell yourself that this was just like any other hunt. You do what the angels want, you get to kill me. Rid the world of one less demon, right?”
Just as he’s about to drift off into a fitful sleep, he hears something soft collide against his window, jolting him awake. He rubs the back of his head, staring at the closed curtains until something else taps against it. Dean pulls back the curtains and jerks the window open, shivering when the cool air hits his bare chest. He glances down at a figure looming below his window in the dark, flashlight in-hand.
Castiel lets out a half-hysterical giggle and Dean grins. He’d forgotten how easy it was for Dean to make him laugh.
Dean frowns but says nothing. Castiel can see the confusion in his eyes - the realization that this might be real, after all.
“I’m thinking about how I have spent my entire life hating myself for the mistakes my father made,” Castiel says, glancing up at Dean.
“My faith was an empty thing before I met you,” Castiel says, desperate for Dean to hear him. “I found comfort in your strength. In
The problem is, he has no idea how to leave. Even as he walks, he remains on the edges of the property, the wooded area surrounding the far borders of the farm stretching endlessly in a vast sea of trees. His clothes dry off instantly, no longer soaking wet as he tries to figure out how to leave without turning to look at the house again. He would be tempted to return if he did and Castiel can’t afford that now.
with pure, unbridled rage. He points the knife at Dick who tumbles back, looking at the other three. Without another word, the boys turn and run, Az clutching his hand as a trail of blood drips from his hand and onto the floor. Dean wrenches himself from Benny’s grip, grabbing Castiel just before he moves to chase after them.
“Okay...what do I need to do? Given that the only way you’re going to get me to do anything is by being honest. I don’t want any secrets, Dean.” He looks into the rearview mirror, catching Dean’s eye. He quickly averts his gaze with a slow nod.
“...then we all have a hell of a lot to atone for, huh?” Balthazar finishes for him. Castiel laughs again with a shake of his head. Nothing about this is
Dean can feel the tension leave his body when Sam rolls his eyes and does as he's told - something he seldom does. Dean just wants this conversation to end already. He quickly changes the topic and begins asking his father about the garage, and soon, Castiel is forgotten as quickly as he had been brought up.
.” Castiel shakes his head as Dean grabs his hair. He hits him again - this time, the blow knocks him sideways. Castiel tries to prop himself upright as pain rings through his head.
Suffocation is nothing. He’d gladly take suffocation, the pulsing, pressing panic of the lack of oxygen in his lungs over the agonizing fire. Over the festering wounds. The carving, slicing, howling pain of a white-hot blade. He knocks his palm up against the lid, grateful when it breaks under the force as he claws his way out with his free hand. Warm, earthy soil falls away as he drags himself out of the hole in the ground and climbs shakily to his feet.  Soon, he is standing again. There is no pain. No fire. No waiting for the inevitable burst of dizzying agony.
Dean turns to look at him. It’s beginning to rain and the soft patter of the droplets hitting the windshield is a relief from the fog gathering in Castiel’s body, threatening to choke the life out of whatever words he’s going to say next. He’s floating, drifting outside his body. Watching someone else speak in his place.
If there was one, good thing about this apple pie life, it's that he finally has a space for his record player. Dean eagerly takes out the player, unloading it straight to their room before anything else. His prized stacks of records would rest against the blank wall; Elvis, Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band, Supertramp, and even The Beatles all made it into Dean’s collection.
Lost in his own thoughts, he jumps when the sound of fluttering wings fills the room and Dean is suddenly standing at the foot of his bed with another man beside him. He scrambles to catch his laptop from tumbling off his lap and onto the floor, hurriedly placing it back down onto the mattress as he glares at Dean. He looks sheepish when he realizes how badly he’d startled the other.
After finding a hex bag behind the sofa in the man’s living room, Castiel was able to determine the cause of death as witchcraft. She’d been making her rounds across the town, killing another person in an equally gruesome way - another girl was boiled alive in a pool bobbing for apples. Hours later, Castiel stumbles back into his hotel room, sitting back against the bed and grabbing his laptop to look into the ritual, and for possible ways to stop the witch from killing again. Castiel glances over at the empty hotel bed beside his own, wishing again that his brother were here. He could pull up lore from sources Castiel had never heard of. This would take him more time than it would his younger brother, and he knows that more time meant more people could get hurt.
“I’ve done nothing to him, Castiel. He’s safe with me. I heal his body when he gets sick. I comfort him when he cries. I protect him from my brother Michael and his army of angels. Though now that you’re here, Michael will be able to find us, I imagine. We will all die unless you take my grace and
“Apologies. Well, can I offer one of you two handsome gentlemen a dance? Perhaps together even if it’s, ah, not a date tonight?”
Castiel sighs. He runs his hands over his face, scrubbing his forehead with his palms. The rain picks up, hammering against the glass like it means to break its way through the windshield. Light thunder rumbles in the distance.
One moment there is silence; taut, eager, and unfaltering. In the moments following Castiel’s question - are you sure you did the ritual right, Balthazar? -   an eruption of sound clamors around them, sending them both flying to their feet. Sound, everywhere -- on the roof. On the walls. The shingles on the roof coming to life, beating madly against one another as though caught in the fury of a brilliant thunderstorm. Castiel’s wide, blue eyes snap to attention. Quickly, he and Balthazar stand as the lights above them explode in a frenzy of sparks and brilliant light, hurling the barn into murky, gray darkness. They raise their weapons to the barn doors, which snap apart, pushing open towards them as though the piece of wood barring them shut was nothing but a toy.
He points behind Castiel. Benny stands there, eyes dark and ready to strike. Dean’s eyes flare that same, brilliant blue as he thrusts a hand out, filling the room with a harsh, white light. The ghost vanishes quickly.
“Nobody should expect you to kill your brother, Castiel. Much less put the fate of the world on one man. The way the angels describe you? You’re strong...I don’t know you, but I can see that. You’re
Balthazar had been close to Castiel for some time. About ten or so years older than Castiel himself, he had been a youth pastor leader at the church Castiel used to go to before he quit and disappeared from the church for good. No warning, no notice - he simply stopped showing up. When Castiel came to his apartment one day after school (before he was pulled into his father’s version of ‘homeschooling’), Balthazar had told him he was “done preaching the word of an invisible fucker that lives in the sky.”
A murmur of agreement rumbles through the group, even as Castiel stares at his older self in disbelief. Something is wrong - this isn’t part of the plan. He isn’t going to kill Lucifer - is he? And how does he know the house is infested with defenses if they only just got here?
“This stuff takes time, Cassie,” she says lightly. But her demeanor soon changes. She instructs Balthazar and Castiel to bow their heads and begins murmuring for the being to make itself known, softly at first, but with greater conviction as she speaks louder and louder to the quiet room. The candles on the table dance in the dim light, making Castiel shiver with anticipation.
They visit the home of Olivia Lowry - or, at least, what used to be her home. They find her on the kitchen floor, her throat slashed and ripped apart. Her intestines hang out of her stomach and her small mouth hangs open in a silent scream. For a moment, her face shifts, and Castiel swears he can see the blooming colors of hell stretch across her features. Blue, purple, yellow, red —
“Call me Dean,” he says simply. He moves his fingers across the array of weapons Castiel and Balthazar had brought with them, idly observing them, but making no move to pick any of them up. With an impatient sigh, Castiel bares his teeth.
“Ah, there you are,” a nasally voice says from across the room. Castiel whirls around. At the end of the room, strapped to what looks like a dental chair, is Dean. Next to the chair is a man - an angel - Castiel doesn’t recognize.
“Thank you, Alfie,” Castiel says slowly. He finishes his second glass with a sigh. Alfie grins before hurrying off to take the order of a group of women. Reluctantly, Castiel turns his head, watching the stripper finish Dean’s dance. From this angle, it’s hard to see Dean’s face, which is a relief. The longing in the angel’s eyes is too much for him to bear. Dean gets up when the stripper returns to the stage and hurries over to Castiel at the bar.
“The payment will be keeping this house,” Dean points out. “It’s not like all this is free. Dad got lucky with being able to set up shop here, and there are no other big dealerships in town to run us out. He’s already got customers lined up for the next few months, but he needs to be able to keep up with everything. And I’ve gotta help.”
Dean squeaks out a small “Oh fuck yeah,” which makes Castiel shake with laughter. Dean joins him, and at that moment, nothing feels terrible at all.
“Dammit, Balthazar…” Castiel murmurs. He hurries into the kitchen, equally as abandoned. A thin line of dust lays across every surface, save for where a singular notebook lay open on the kitchen table with the words: CASTIEL - FIND CAMP CHITAQUA. NEAR THE WESTERN BORDER OF THE CITY.
Sam is standing over Dean when he blinks awake the next day. With a jolt, Dean glares at him, kicking at him through the blankets, which Sam ignores. The clock reads 11:30 a.m. — Dean had slept in late. It takes a moment to familiarize himself with the strange, new surroundings.
With a groan, Castiel shoves himself out of his chair as he tries to reposition his back before storming into the kitchen where Dean stands, lounging against the fridge.
Castiel sighs as Dean raises his eyebrows in silent agreement. “Okay - Dean, what did you mean by a ‘den of iniquity…?’ You’re making it sound like we’re going to a-...a whore house.”
Dean not to stop, never to stop as he leaks and trembles against his tongue. But then, Dean takes Castiel’s thighs and spreads them wider before taking him completely down to the base, and Castiel
, Dean pulls off his cock with wide eyes. A small trail of saliva connects his tongue to the tip of his swollen head, and Castiel nearly comes just at the sight of it. “Cas — can I? I wanna...inside you.”
“Okay,” Dean says. He walks upstairs. And that’s the last thing Dean says to his father. Another week passes, and finally, school ends for Sam. They ready themselves to leave.
Castiel sighs, gritting his teeth. The way that Dean is casually avoiding the events of last night is honestly a relief to Castiel, even if it’s blatantly obvious. He grips the steering wheel tightly in his hands, pulling off the exit to park the car outside of an old library.
She releases his hold on his throat and forces him to his knees. He looks up at her, his body numb and immobile beneath her - but his inability to move has nothing to do with her hold on him.
A voice behind him makes him freeze. He turns, staring right into the eyes of a young woman he doesn’t recognize with dark, red hair tied in a bun on her head.
His hands shake as he quickly opens it, heart thudding in his chest. The message reveals a single word and set of numbers.
“I wanted to, um...let you know that I’m leaving. With Sam. Maybe for...for good. We’re taking a road trip and we aren’t sure when we’re gonna be back...or if we’re gonna be back at all.”
“Innocent?” the older Castiel suggests. “No. Nobody is innocent anymore. Get that through your head. We leave at twilight. Be ready.”
His eyes cast down to the simple cross pendant hanging around Castiel’s neck. Instinctively, Castiel grabs the pendant, feeling his breath catch in his throat. He had been buried with the pendant, though the cross suspended there brings him little comfort now. His faith in all that the small object once represented burned just as he had burned in the fires of hell. Cut, stripped, and carved away; he had long discarded its messages. But God had been absent in that pit. Absent as he had been since the day Castiel was born. Since the day his home burned.
He continues his work. Tomorrow, he’ll find the tools to etch Balthazar and Lucifer’s name into the rocks. After a moment, Dean kneels, still holding the umbrella over him to shield him from the icy rain.
Get down here. Your new neighbor found your damn necklace. Maybe stop wearing it out in the rain for once.”
isn’t in the tiny town disappearing into the rearview mirror behind them. Home is wherever they can make their own, surrounded by those who love them and accept them for who they are.
Castiel smiles, looking between the two fondly before placing a gentle kiss to the top of his brother’s head. It's tender and impeccably gentle; so, so different from the vicious, angry boy who diligently protected Dean from school bullies not so long ago.
Pamela is a handsy one. Her hands go to Castiel’s hips, even his thighs. Light, friendly flirtations bordering on too touchy, too much. Balthazar has to shoo her away when the words are stuck on Castiel’s tongue. She’s confident and perhaps could be attractive if Castiel had the affinity. He watches her speak to Balthazar, reassuring him that if something otherworldly was to be found, it could be traced with the mark on Castiel’s skin. He’s aware of her eyes on him as he pulls off his coat and tries his best to look away.
“Where is the girl?” Castiel breathes. Dean is standing stiffly in the middle of the room, staring at the door. Castiel quickly regains his bearings and pushes himself from the wall with a grunt. “What did you do with her?”
“It was very good,” Castiel murmurs. “You...you’re very good. I mean that, Dean. You’re good to me. You’ve done more for me these past few months than I ever could have asked for. You...you’re funny, you’re kind. You’re brave and you’re easily the strongest man or angel I’ve ever met.”
Castiel has no idea. He doesn’t understand Dean or Dean’s motivations. He knows that he’s an angel - a high-commanding soldier in heaven. He knows that he has...odd mannerisms for an angel and enjoys drinking at bars. He knows that he’s powerful. Castiel drives on, chewing on his lower lip until he breaks the skin. With a thin trail of blood trickling into his mouth, he begins to pray.
Dean doesn’t notice until almost ten minutes later, still cloaked in the shadows of the streetlights, that he’s reached Oak street - the street that takes him to the bad part of town. He remembers Castiel thrusting his arm out in front of Dean when they’d strayed too far down this end of town - but now, Castiel is marching forward, not once halting his stride. He seems to know exactly where to go and how to get there. Feeling increasingly uneasy, Dean rationalizes that following Castiel
He lifts his head, reaching a hand out to her when she tilts her head. “Jo, why are you here? Are you in danger? Is something coming after you?”
Castiel takes a large, grateful gulp from the glass, finishing it in seconds. He sets it hastily back on the table with a low sigh.
“I’m not what you think I am, Castiel,” Dean says quietly. He sits on the edge of the bed, his hands in his lap as he gazes out the dingy motel window.
John raises his hand, cutting him off. “Dean, I’m just looking out for you. You should know how those types get. It’s not always a comfortable situation. And it starts young. It always does.”
With a jolt, Dean realizes this is his cue to leave. He turns and bolts away from the door, hurrying down the hall before Castiel has a chance to exit the room. He hides behind the dumpsters by the door until he sees Castiel walk outside. Castiel shakes his hands excitedly as he all but skips down the parking lot and hurries down the sidewalk. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen his friend so happy or elated.
“I know some music by The Beatles,” Castiel says softly. A blush spreads across his pale, thin cheeks. He glances up at Dean, watching him with curious eyes before speaking again.
But he does. Wrapped in their mess of limbs and happy sighs, Castiel feels content. He feels at peace. He feels at
“He’s my friend,” Castiel says quickly, wincing at Balthazar. “Not my pet.” Dean makes an indignant noise. Castiel has half a mind to push him out the front door and slam it in his face. Not that Dean couldn’t just walk back in whenever he wants to.
Castiel looks so, so human here; so free. His face is soft and absent of worry. No bruises cut across his gentle, study features. Dean wants to take his face into his hands and cradle them forever where nothing could hurt him again. Maybe it’s the first, warm day of the springtime that jolts Dean’s heart to life, like this -- or maybe it’s that he’s finally seeing Castiel with open eyes now that the reality of what Dean always knew to be true is staring him right in the face.
Balthazar shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know. He’s an angry one, Castiel. Maybe he’s angry enough to want the whole world to burn like he did.”
he thinks to himself. The words echo, a gentle repeat thudding around in his mind. Castiel’s voice is an echo, casting a sharp tendril of longing through his chest.
For a long moment, Dean doesn’t say anything at all. He tilts his head, staring at Castiel as his blade slips down his sleeve and into his hand.
“We leave next week,” Dean tells Sam shortly, dropping his backpack onto the bedroom floor. He sinks back onto his bed, quickly unlacing his boots with quick motions of his hands. “Soon as school’s out - we’re gone. How’s that sound?”
“And some classical music. I tend to try and play whatever I hear. Once I hear it...it's in my head." Castiel taps his forehead for emphasis.
Castiel thinks suddenly to himself. He bolts upright in bed, scrambling to push the bedsheets aside with a shaking hand. “Lucifer.
Startled, Dean watches as Castiel lays a heavy hand on his shoulder. The intensity of the gesture steals the breath right from Dean's lungs.
Dean doesn't want to think about it. But he isn't sure he has much of a choice. Castiel is in danger, one way or another. And though Dean barely understands it himself, the house across the lawn with its red shutters and plain, wooden doors leaves him feeling sick. Stuffed. Trapped, even though the house isn't his own.
But the daydream ends when Michael groans impatiently, startling Dean back to rigid clarity. Dean shuffles where he stands, feeling self-conscious.
“I think the queer boy’s bluffing,” one of them taunts. Dean jerks forward, every nerve in his body surging to protect Castiel, but Benny pulls him back with strong hands on his arms.
Balthazar pushes a hand down his face. Castiel swears they’ve had this circular conversation at least a thousand times since they came back from the barn - since the angel disappeared. Since Balthazar woke up and learned that angels do, indeed, walk the earth.
Dean nods, kisses the inside of his thigh, and keeps going. Within minutes, Castiel finds himself relaxing fully, no longer able to think about anything but the gentle pull of Dean’s tongue over the head of his cock and the sweet, deep prod of his fingers. Between soft gasps and murmurs of praise, Castiel instructs him to scissor his fingers and swipe them around; to keep it slow and when to go faster. He could come just like this - and part of him almost lets himself. But Castiel knows what he wants. He wants
Dean sets the glass down on the bar table, breathing a lingering sigh. He spins around to look at Castiel, crossing one leg over the other as he folds his hands in his lap.
Dean picks up the blade, his face blank and unreadable as he looks down at Castiel. Castiel bows his head, closing his eyes as he waits for the inevitable end. At least he can say that he tried. He went out fighting. He didn’t simply give up like the coward he always believed himself to be.
A voice behind him makes Castiel jump. He turns, his stomach sinking at the sight before him. Behind Castiel is Dean — Michael. His appearance is vastly different from before - a brown suit covers his vessel where he’d once worn a leather jacket and ripped jeans. His hair is combed over neatly, and he stands stiff to attention with a blade in his fist.
Sometimes, Dean comes home from the garage late, tired and dirty, with just enough in him to choke down a sandwich and shower before collapsing into bed. Sometimes he'd come home early and hope Castiel wanted to hang out. Most days, he'd walk to the garage with Castiel in tow. On the days his father wasn't working, Castiel would linger and simply watch Dean work, hardly speaking a word as to not distract Dean from his task. Dean didn't mind, so long as Castiel's warm breath didn't brush against his neck when he was particularly curious about something Dean was working on. It distracted him. But, Dean is grateful for the other's company when he has it.
Balthazar waves him off. Castiel trusts Balthazar - he always has. And he knows that Balthazar is no better with declarations of sentiment than Castiel is himself. “We should try and find your brother. And then we need to figure out what exactly decided to drag you out of that blasted pit.”
Well, he gets it. He had stepped outside the cabin for all of a half-hour. He’d been attacked by those infected with the Croatoan virus. He doesn’t need to see anything else.
“I see you had fun,” Castiel murmurs. The corner of his mouth twitches into a smile. Dean laughs and Castiel can’t help but laugh along with him.
“No,” Dean says lowly. “Garth.” The bartender’s eyes flash a brilliant white before fading back into their old brown. Castiel feels a lump gather in his stomach as Garth gives Castiel a soft smile. “Your cloaking worked well,” Dean says. “Didn’t even catch you behind that bar.”
Dean grins, clearly pleased. Breathing a sigh, Castiel closes the bible on the table, resting his hand over the top of it.
If Dean himself feels trapped, suffocated by this small town and its small opportunities, he can only imagine how a genius like Castiel must feel. A quiet, silent genius on the piano, who plays at night when the sun goes down on an old instrument that’s out of tune. Spinning melodies out of the very air itself, making music like a seasoned artist. A fiercely kind boy with a heart of dark, looming secrets. Someone who Dean would go to the ends of the earth to protect, should he be given permission to do so.
“Me too.” They grin at each other for a long moment. Maybe it’s the whiskey, or maybe it’s just Alfie’s words of reassurance, but Castiel already feels better. Lighter, somehow. Less tense. He watches as the knot in his stomach begins to unwind, drinking in the sight of him with slightly ruffled clothes, flushed cheeks, and a noticeable bulge in his pants that Castiel quickly looks away from.
There’s a moment before Dean speaks again. A tense, taut silence hangs suspended between them like a rubber band pulled just before its breaking point. Despite them coming from his own mouth, the words hurt Castiel as much as he
“Yes,” he says quietly. His eyes are wide as they land over Dean’s, wide and strained. As though the very foundation of Castiel’s strength is in looking at Dean. As though ripping his gaze away would unravel every, carefully-woven thread Castiel has achingly stitched together in his own mind and leave him in ruin. Dean grasps at Castiel’s hand with both of his, desperate to understand, even though the truth is horrifically, achingly simple. He’s never touched him like this in public; if he could hear the snickers and pointed laughs directed at them, he would have punched somebody in the face then and there.
as he can be, sometimes, I care about Dean, too. He never let heaven pressure him into doing what he didn’t think was right...at least, not for as long as I’ve been around. He raised me. He taught me everything I know. He made me strong. But now, he’s weak. He needs to be reminded how strong he is - just like you needed that reminder, too.”
Gabriel must have fallen asleep quickly because Castiel returns to the room before the song ends. He glances at the clock on the wall; 10:00. Dean hadn’t realized how late it had been, or how long he had stayed. He doesn’t want to leave, but he knows that he should.
He snaps his head up to meet her eyes, gray and steely as the suit around her body. Her expression is calm, a hint of a smirk dusting her lips. Castiel has to catch himself before he sways on his feet.
The other laughs bitterly. “I told you to stop doing that. Dean is not who we thought he was. Not anymore. He’s not even
“Yeah, well, I don’t like any of this!” he snaps. “So why don’t you tell me what’s going on? Who are you?! And why did you just happen to appear out of nowhere right when Benny’s ghost was about to kill me?”
He glances at Benny who seems just as eager to leave. Benny follows the boys out as Dean keeps a firm hand on Castiel, who remains completely silent. They hurry out of the school and half-jog down the sidewalk, trying to put as much distance between themselves and the school as possible. The biting, winter air stings Dean’s face, ushering Benny to push another clean tissue up against his lip. The walk home seems impossibly far; now that the adrenaline’s wore off, Dean can feel the pain shoot through his entire jaw. Every gust of wind feels like knives raking down his face as they walk, huddled close together. Castiel doesn’t say a word the entire time; like a soldier staring down the battlefield, he marches ahead of Dean and Benny, quiet and rigid as an automaton. It takes almost five minutes to urge Castiel to put the knife back into his coat pocket where it was clenched tightly in his fist.
“She would talk about these ‘seals,’ whatever that meant. She said that there were six-hundred sixty-six of them. And that if someone broke sixty-six...then the Devil would rise from the Cage of hell. Something like that, I don’t know...she went on and on about it. I swear, the girl was a good storyteller, I’ll give her that much…”
Soon, the man steps back down from the stage and lowers himself onto Dean, bracing his slender arms onto the chair. Dean tilts his head back and Castiel can swear he sees him
"I will walk home alone," Castiel says quickly. He snags his backpack off the floor, his movements jerky and uncoordinated. "I will see you tomorrow."
True to Castiel’s suspicion, Lucifer doesn’t want to be found. Castiel can’t trace his phone, nor can he trace any bank statement activity in the past month. He’s always been good at covering his tracks. A quiet prowler, a lone wolf in the night; if Lucifer does not want to be found, he simply will not be found.
He feels sick as he blinks in disbelief at the headlines, each one more horrifying than the next. Castiel throws the newspaper aside, unable to look at it any longer, and hurries back to his car.
“I don’t care. I don’t care...I was wrong, okay? I want to stop this. I want to save Dean from himself and stop this apocalypse before it’s too late.”
The motel is eerily quiet - even the front desk is empty when Castiel descends the stairs and hurries down into the tiny lobby. The lights are off, and several tables and chairs have been shoved up near the door, as though trying to barricade it from the inside.
Jo folds her hands behind her back. “The angels told me,” she says simply. “Your brother, Lucifer...the angels don’t like him very much. He is going to start the apocalypse. And they expect you to stop him.”
“I shot him because he was displaying symptoms of the Croatoan virus. He may have already infected members of the camp! We were out on a supply run and came across a large group of them near the outskirts of the city. I did what I had to do!”
him all of this, angel or not. “If this is a Seal as you say, then he fits that pattern. Why did you need to know all of that?”
Sam jerks the blanket over him, turning over his bed to face the wall. Guilt weighs heavy in Dean’s chest as he stands up on shaky legs and finally climbs into bed. He can’t protect Castiel, and he can’t protect his own brother. He’s a failure on all fronts. If Sam never spoke to him again after tonight, Dean could hardly blame him. In time, he’s sure Castiel will grow sick of him, too. They’re already both going to leave him, someday. Dean almost wishes they would already; to rip the bandaid off and let him feel it all at once. To let them be safe and happy the way that they deserve and Dean knows he never will.
Castiel doesn’t need Jo’s grace inside of him to realize that the figure is Dean. Castiel jogs ahead, shielding his eyes from the blinding sun overhead as he approaches him, calling out his name. But Dean doesn’t seem to hear him.
Castiel shakes his head, suddenly appearing crestfallen. His shoulders visibly slump, making him look smaller than he already is.
“I chose to live, Dean,” he says tiredly. “She gave me a choice...I could have honored it. I could have died, and trust me...I thought about it. But I came back.”
Large chunks of asphalt are missing from the parking lot. What’s left is cracked, faded, and nearly unrecognizable. The cars in the lot are rusted away, most of them with windows so dirty Castiel can’t see through them. The break of dawn above him provides a low, hazy light, enough to allow him to see out beyond the lot and into the empty street.
Dean nods once and begins searching through the house to gather the ingredients for the spell, leaving Castiel and Balthazar to stand on-guard. Almost immediately, the woman who’d pinned Balthazar reappears. She shoves Balthazar hard, sending him flying against the far kitchen wall as Castiel begins lining the room with salt. He grabs Balthazar, dragging him into the living room as the house begins to shake. The salt on the ground shifts and slides, breaking the line and allowing her to move through.
Castiel grits his teeth. “Then let me do it. My way. I can find her and end this. Nobody has to get hurt.”
Dean stares at him, his fists clenching in his pockets. God, how hard would it be to say yes to such a distant dream? He always knew this town was too small for him. It chokes him, leaves him aching and dreaming of a life bigger than this one. His own, selfish secret. Dean has always wanted to see the road, to drive and drive until there’s nothing possibly left to see.
Just as he’s about to decide on making himself seen by the front gate, a hand grabs him by the back of the shirt and throws him up against the hood of his car. Castiel fires his gun, but it’s quickly knocked out of his hand. Castiel groans as he feels his wrist twist at an unnatural angle, sending a sharp spike of pain up his arm as his assailant presses the cold barrel of a gun against his temple.
He lays down a thick book on the table, pointing to a passage below an inked image of an angel dragging a man from a giant pit in the ground. Hell. Castiel turns his eyes away from the onslaught of color that flashes before his eyes, filling in the black-and-white image on the page; rancid, bitter blue. Purple. Red.
“This,” the other says quietly, “is the Angel Tablet. It’s an instrument of heaven. It has instructions engraved on it to close the gates of heaven forever and cut off all of heaven’s angels from their power.”
“Yes, I figured as much,” he snaps. He'd heard that name, screamed to the heavens, right before that woman’s eyes were burned from her skull.
Be mindful that, in this chapter, there will be a lot of homophobia and more examples of emotional and physical abuse taking place. As I've said in the tags and in my responses to the wonderful comments I've been receiving, this story WILL have a happy ending.
Dean winces. “Oops. Not what I wanted to do. I, uh...how are you?” he asks, as though this were a friendly social call.
“You could kill her and be done with her,” Dean says at last. “We’d let you have that. We had planned to kill her ourselves once we were through with her. I hate this, Cas. I do. But it’s the only way.” Castiel lowers his hands to look at him. More taut silence. Words lost on the back of his tongue. Kill her would mean one less demon in the world
“We like to call him Bobby,” Dean says with a grin. “Bobby” gives him a dirty look which quickly silences Dean. Castiel wipes a hand down his face, unable to stop staring at the two of them. Logically, he knows that Dean could not possibly have been the only angel in existence. But there’s still something unsettling about the fact that two of them are standing in his hotel room - like the existence of angels were something so ordinary, it need not be announced.
“No, I wouldn’t have,” he says lowly. “Despite what you might think, you didn’t deserve to be in hell. I was actually
He swallows, shifting his legs to cross them the other way when the itch in his lower gut comes back.
Jo closes her eyes, placing both of her hands on his head. “Sorry if this hurts,” she murmurs. Castiel doesn’t have time to comment. Before he can so much as blink, the inside of his head ignites in a terrible, horrible fire. He screams, unable to move, unable to even push her away as the fire grows and roars, scorching his insides to nothing but molten liquid in his body.
"Not bloody likely!" He launches himself at Castiel again, and Castiel neatly sidesteps the attack, ducking under his arm. He smells a whiff of alcohol - Balthazar is drunk.
“Hey. Shut it. You’re awesome with this — you-you just...you just hear notes in your head and you play them like it’s nothing. I could never do that.”
“You raised me from hell,” Castiel whispers frantically. “You knew all along that heaven’s plan was wrong. You wanted to do this the right way. You knew...just like you know now.”
Startled by the touch, Castiel bites down on the hot skin of Dean’s throat, pulling a whine from deep in Dean's chest. As Castiel eagerly sucks a red mark below Dean’s ear, Dean’s hips jerk and shake, unable to find a rhythm as a series of low, desperate noises slip past their lips. Dean clings to his shoulder, digging fingers into the handprint, and Castiel can hardly breathe. Maybe the reaction he feels to the handprint is purely psychological, maybe it’s physical, but Castiel doesn’t care. He doesn’t know which noises are his and which ones are Dean’s, only that the two are grinding and rocking with quick, desperate jerks of their hips as Dean clings tighter and tighter to the mark on Castiel’s shoulder. His palm splays across the mark in perfect alignment, and for a long moment, Dean grows quiet as he clings to him before quickly spilling across Castiel’s fingers with a low groan.
to be brought up now. “What...so I’m just supposed to be some kid forever?” he asks quietly. “You don’t trust me, so I just stay here until you decide that you can?”
“Yeah, well, if she bites your lips off when you try to make out with her, don’t say I didn’t warn you,” Dean huffs.
Dean nods in thought, not looking at the other as he sips at his drink. “I figured. What we’re looking at is the Rising of the Witnesses, Castiel. It’s a Seal.”
“My name is Dean Winchester,” he says gruffly. Out of the corner of his eye, Sam smiles. “And I’m reporting an incident next door…”
Dean opens his mouth to say something. But before he can, a rumble fills Castiel’s ears. The ground around them begins to shake as Dean’s face drops, crestfallen. Leaping to his feet, Castiel watches as the tide begins to dramatically retreat, the water rushing back out to the sea in a looming swell out on the water.
Stunned, Castiel frantically looks around. Hardly a second had passed before they were no longer in the bathroom, but someplace else entirely.
The piano stops abruptly. Frantic footsteps clamor upstairs before the small figure of the boy appears at the top of the steps. Dean shifts where he stands, keeping his hands shoved into his pocket as the boy from yesterday — Castiel — races down the stairs. He stops short when he nearly crashes right into Dean.
“Aiding Dean is what happened to me,” he says under his breath. “I’m a wanted criminal. They got to me right after we found out Robert was killing the angels. I barely escaped. Jo told me you were here.”
Despite his guilt, he silently prays that Castiel would play the piano tonight. Anything to distract him from his racing thoughts. But the sound doesn't come, and Dean’s sleep is fitful. Weighed down with guilt, Dean doesn’t sleep for several hours, and when he does, his dreams are confusing; love and violence intermingle with Castiel’s face and John Winchester’s hands. His brother’s cries. Weights around his feet leaving him to drown.
Castiel looks at him in disbelief and Dean looks back. Challenging him. Waiting for him to do something, to cross a line neither of them would ever come back from. Castiel feels numb and empowered and
“Look,” Balthazar continues, “I know you two were distant and all before all of this ungodly crap went down. But I’m sure he’ll be happy as who-knows-what to hear you’re back from the dead.”
Castiel runs his hands down his face, already feeling overwhelmed. “I’m not strong. I’m not who you think I am. My brother is going down a path that I can’t follow and I don’t know how to stop it.”
“First time, huh?” the bartender asks. Castiel nods, hating that it’s so obvious. But there’s no use lying to the boy - he sticks out here like a sore thumb. “It can be a little overwhelming. I used to be a dancer here. I think I like bartending better.”
They wait. Dean tells John what they plan to do when his father is sitting in front of the TV, beer in one hand. He doesn’t look at Dean, and for a long moment, doesn’t respond. The heaviness lingers in the air, and perhaps a small, small part of Dean hopes that his father doesn’t confirm what he had said just a week ago. But a larger part of him knows that he will. And that Dean would have to be okay with that.
“I have not kissed anybody because the idea of it has seemed very unpleasant to do it with someone that I do not like,” Castiel says quietly.
“I’d think that pulling you from the pit would be all the reason for you to trust me,” Dean says quietly. “I can always throw you back in if you’d like a demonstration of how
When he dares look up at his haggard expression in the dirty mirror, a figure stands behind him, startling him. It takes him a moment to adjust to the sight, but he realizes with a sickening jolt that he
As usual, the walk home is relatively silent, but Dean doesn’t mind. The silence is always comfortable with Castiel, something he realizes is an utter relief compared to the endless chattering he hears on the regular at school. Castiel doesn’t need to talk about mindless things, and Dean never minds being the more talkative of the two. Even Gabriel seems to enjoy the silence, occasionally making a comment about when it might snow or rain.
He drives the blade into her flesh again and again. Blood dribbles from her mouth, causing her to cough and sputter. Castiel is numb; he can’t feel. Can’t think. The only thing grounding him is the sound of the blade slicing through her suit, through her stomach, through her organs. Her pain. Not his. Her pain, hers. His brother wouldn’t do that, would never, ever do that, Lucifer loved him, loved him as Castiel loved him, always —
You’ll have to keep moving along whatever path is presented to you until you find him...if it isn’t already too late. Alastair is the one who reprograms “defective” angels up in heaven. And he is ruthless and effective. Dean will be going right to him.”
Castiel watches him, not daring to speak. He glances over his shoulder as Balthazar peers in from the living room, giving Castiel a very pointed look that screams
was destroyed, Dean. I had nothing. No other family. My father isolated me and Lucifer. The only person I had was Balthazar, and I got lucky he still took me and Lucifer in. And now, I don’t even have my own brother. I don’t know why he saved my life back there, but I wish that he hadn’t. I’m not strong enough for any of this. And certainly not if you won’t even tell me what I’m supposed to be strong for.”
“Oh — goodness. Alright, alright, Cas, that was better. That’s a little bit better. Much, much more like my good apprentice. You learn fast, Castiel. Good boy…”
And just like that, Dean disappears. Stricken, Castiel stares at the space where Dean disappeared. What Dean
“In the whole time I’ve known you, you’ve never mentioned a single girl you think is hot. There’s gotta be someone.”
“I dunno, mate,” he breathes. “I always thought something was up with your brother. But he was never…”
“Not much,” the doctor says grimly. “But that girl was always going on and on about the coming apocalypse. I swear she probably had the whole thing memorized by the time she entered grade school...Revelations seemed to be her favorite part. Eerie stuff.
Together, the three sit in a circle, warm candles lit before each of them. The room is dark save for the small flames, and Castiel shivers in the low light. Pamela rests a warm hand on the handprint scar on Castiel’s shoulder and the touch makes those live wires tingle underneath his skin all over again. The burn-not-burn. He shivers involuntarily, and Balthazar opens one eye to look at him.
Dean swallows thickly. His lower lip trembles as he looks at Castiel, inches away from his face. They’re close enough to kiss like this, Castiel realizes with a rough jolt through his stomach. But Dean is silent, and for a long moment, neither of them say anything at all.
“Dean?” Castiel asks softly. “Are you okay?” He places a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Soft, concerned eyes wandering his face, yearning for an explanation that Dean can’t give.
“You think that you, a lowly human, have any right telling us what to do? You think you get a say in this? You might be right,
Dean laughs softly, shaking his head. “You bastards can’t even let me enjoy my final moments of this, can you? I get it, okay? This is my happy place. This is my...retreat as you drill into my mind. And it’s all going away. I know - so get out of my head and do what you’re going to do already. Don’t make this harder than it has to be. I don’t want to imagine Cas seeing me like this.”
Just as his lungs are about to burst, the water is gone and Castiel is standing in a spacious room. He blinks, disoriented by the sudden burn of light drifting in through a row of rectangular windows. Stumbling back, Castiel squints, trying to adjust to the dramatic shift in the scenery and regain his bearings.
The angel winces. “Ooh, that’s too bad. Because...I’m done. The name is Alastair, by the way. I specialize in this kind of work. Michael trained me himself. Only fitting that he’d end up in this chair, too.”
“This isn’t a fairytale, Castiel,” Alastair says, his voice low and sing-songy as he folds his arms over his chest. Dean grabs Castiel by the hair and forces him back up onto his knees, ushering a harsh cry from his mouth as the pain makes his eyes sting. “Your sad, human definition of love isn’t going to save the day. Michael will either take you as his vessel or kill you if he finds he no longer has use for you - that’s the way it was always going to be. He doesn’t care about your poor, broken heart.”
Balthazar eyes him curiously. “Are you sure you never found it?” he asks quietly. Castiel tilts his head.
And then, everything fades. He tumbles into a dark, warm emptiness that cradles his body, ushering him to embrace the comfortable silence until everything grows bright again.
Dean wipes his hands down his face, standing stiffly upright. “I think I feel too much. For the world. Hell...for you. I’m gonna make this right. Save the world the right way. It’s my duty. Not yours. Not anybody else’s.”
“He cared about us at one point,” Castiel protests. “That’s the whole reason he did this to himself - he cared too much.”
“Let ‘em have it, Gabe!” Dean calls out. He folds his arms behind his head, beaming at the sight. The little boy giggles, and for a moment, true fear flashes across Castiel’s eyes. Gabriel rears back before charging at him from across the lawn and belly-flopping right onto his brother’s chest. Castiel lets out a harsh
Castiel hurriedly follows him through the trees, looking around anxiously as he quickly steps around a thicket of bramble. They walk in silence for several, long moments before Castiel awkwardly clears his throat. “Thank you for helping me,” he says quietly.
“Teaching free wills to angels is like trying to teach philosophy to a fish,” she explains with a huff when she, Dean, and Castiel sit together around the table one day. Pleased to see her, Castiel is fascinated by her tales of heaven and the heavenly wars. Dean is less thrilled to hear about the battles waging on above - that’s still his family, Castiel knows.
Castiel shoves up the sleeve of his t-shirt, revealing the red, raised handprint on his shoulder that tingles in the exposed air. “And then you tell me that this is supposed to be a Seal? This is not something I am prepared for, Dean. Why are you telling me all of this?”
“Dude, you’re gonna be freaking famous one day,” Dean breathes. “Make sure you remember me when you’ve got like, fifty record deals, yeah?”
The hospital, about twenty miles north of Balthazar’s home, is the site of the case. A young woman by the name of Joanne Harvelle, residing in the psychiatric ward of the hospital, killed an orderly and escaped after writing a number of bizarre sigils and “omens” on the walls of her room. Could be nothing - he’s driven farther for much less. But Castiel doesn’t care. He doesn’t want to think about Lucifer or Dean or the apocalypse - not now. He can’t.
“No, you’re right,” Dean says quietly. “There’s nothing I could possibly do to you. It would...hurt me worse than it would hurt you, anyway."
“...and I took him back to my hotel room. We were...talking all night. Laughing. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d laughed with somebody like that. I shouldn’t have...taken him back to my hotel room when I knew the vampires were on my tail. But I did. We…” He vaguely gestures with his hand as Dean nods. His eyes spark with what Castiel swears is
When Castiel realizes that he’s standing on his own two feet, the first thing he registers is that he’s warm. Very warm, like he’s standing out in the sunshine on a summer day. And when Castiel opens his eyes, he realizes that’s exactly what he’s doing.
had left on Castiel’s skin when he raised him from hell and claimed him as his own without even realizing that he’d done it.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s fine, Cas’,” he says quickly. Castiel tilts his head, puzzled at Dean’s quick response. Dean feels guilt settle into his stomach, but he shoves it aside.
“You know,” Balthazar begins slowly. “As much as I’m practically dancing to know what pulled you out, I’d also like to know what put you in that pit in the first place, Castiel.”
But now it’s cold. It’s cold all the time. It bites into Dean’s skin when he’s working at his father’s car garage, his fingers quickly growing numb when not directly preoccupied with work. Even still, the long, chilly hours are a blissful distraction for Dean, even if it means he spends less time with Castiel. He likes working with his hands. He’s
“If you expect me to believe that you aren’t anything more than a blind, thoughtless soldier carrying out cruel orders on a whim...you need to start acting like it. You would have still let that town burn had I given the ‘okay.’ You can think for yourself...so act like it. Otherwise, we cannot be allies.”
“Hell yeah.” Dean grins and presses a warm, lingering kiss to Castiel’s mouth, softly licking his tongue inside Castiel’s mouth. Eagerly returning the kiss, Castiel can feel his heart hammering in his chest as he wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, drawing him closer as Dean gently grinds down against Castiel’s hips. And, oh, it feels good.
Dean sucks in a quiet breath. A moment of silence greets him. He doesn't dare look around the door in fear of being caught. But sure enough, the tense silence is greeted by the sound of the drifting piano. Dean recognizes the song almost immediately - “Goodbye Stranger” by Supertramp. The song Castiel had asked him to play again and again, one he had been transfixed by on the record player. As Dean listens, the melody drifts through the open door, clear as day, without a single note or chord out of place. Even the rhythm and the pacing sound completely perfect. Dean doesn’t have to watch Castiel play to know that he doesn’t have a music sheet to look off of; he’s playing the entire thing by memory. Transfixed, Dean passes a thick swallow. He’s never, ever heard anything like it, especially from somebody who can listen to a song and play it back so perfectly.
He holds out his hand to shake. Castiel stares at it for a long moment, before reaching out his own hand on the same side in a very awkward, backward handshake.
“I can show you some other tricks,” Castiel offers slyly, feeling bold. He feels Dean shift suddenly behind him. “And maybe...if you don’t burn dinner tonight...I could show you them before we go to bed.”
“Yeah. I get that. If it means anything, what I’m asking of you now has nothing to do with...heaven’s demands of you. This is...personal.” Dean draws in a quick breath. “Garth and I think it was the work of a demon who might be responsible for the deaths of my brothers and sisters,” he says. “You know her. Naomi.”
Sometimes, Benny will say hello to him. But Dean is distant and quiet and turns down his offers to hang out after school, saying he’s too busy with work. It isn’t a total lie.
Of course, an angel would send you - me - here. They want you to see the show, right? The show where...let me guess...we never save Dean from his self-imposed brainwashing? Where we let him and his angels decimate the earth?”
Jo chuckles. “Yeah. He said that, and I quote, “I bloody well knew you dumbasses were banging behind my back. Can’t say I’m not happy for you both, though. Dean looks like a model and he’s a good guy. Give him lots of kisses, Cas. I miss you a lot, and if I see you up here any time too soon, I’ll do my damndest to send you packing right back down to earth again.”
“Calm down. Your friend will live,” the man huffs. He sounds impatient. Castiel ignores him. He feels dizzy and deeply afraid, though this man has made no move to harm him. Not yet.
Visions slice across Castiel’s vision, cutting through his head at breakneck speed. Painful, throbbing colors. Blue bruises, purple blood. Red intestines. Yellow fluid. He blinks, shoving them aside quickly before they can engulf him. He tries to imagine a thick wall between himself and forty years of putrid color threatening to spill over the edges of his conscience.
“I’ll come,” Castiel murmurs. These hunters are the only friends Balthazar has left. Castiel is in no mood to hunt, but he owes Balthazar that much. Touching the pendant of the cross around his neck, Castiel hurries to grab his things.
Castiel frowns. “Dean, I’m real. Jo brought me here to find you. You need to come back to earth with me - Lucifer is going to raise the Devil soon and I need your help.”
“Leave her alone,” Castiel rasps. “You can get all the information you want about the apocalypse from me if that’s what you’re after. Leave her out of this.”
Walking back into the trap, Castiel raises his hand gripping the syringe, and gently presses the needle to her throat.
But Dean is endlessly patient with him. He doesn’t hide his desire for Castiel - but he doesn’t hide how much he wants Castiel to want this as much as Dean does, either. He doesn’t push no matter how badly he wants it. Despite this, it’s Dean who pushes Castiel off his lap when Castiel tries to rip his clothes off, drunk out of his mind, exactly three months after Lucifer and Balthazar died.
Dean realizes that in the few months he’s known Castiel, he’s never been to the Novak household before, save for the one day Michael Novak let him inside when Dean was returning Castiel’s lost necklace. Castiel feels like someone he’s known for far longer than just a few months - surely, he has, hasn’t he? No - Sam and Dean moved in back in August with their father. It had only been four months. Dean feels dizzy thinking about it. Surely, he’s known Castiel for a lifetime.
Castiel looks at him with steady eyes. “I told you already. I didn’t make a deal if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Don’t worry about Dad,” Dean says quickly. “I just wanna do this. I think it could be fun. You and me and the western skyline. We take the car and we just...drive. We see everything there is to see. Then we turn around and come back home.”
Dean breaks the silence between them. “So...stipulations are I don’t burn dinner?” he asks. Castiel rolls his eyes, swatting him playfully on the shoulder.
Benny raises a hand. “Dean. I get it. I’m not gonna lie to you...I wanted more. I like you. I really, really like you. But you’re so in love with Castiel, I kept wondering when you and him were gonna run off and elope or something. I never really thought you and me were ever gonna work out as long as you were still thinking about him.”
We can’t kill you. That don’t mean we can’t make it a little less comfortable for you to keep breathin’.”
The gated border isn’t large. Castiel is able to circle the perimeter in just under twenty minutes on foot, keeping a wide distance as he inspects the gate for any signs of weakness in the security. But whoever is running the camp holds a tight leash. Even as Castiel ducks behind a thicket of trees at the edge of the woods surrounding the perimeter, he has to work quickly to avoid small masses of patrol units both inside and outside the tall gate, manned by gunmen every fifteen feet. By the time he circles back around the entrance, he’s inspected the place as close as he can manage with no sign that he’ll be able to slip in unnoticed.
The angel who is just as confusing as he is beautiful and someone Castiel desperately wishes he could understand.
“I need answers,” he whispers hoarsely at the book. At God. At anybody who will listen to his weak, useless prayers. “Please. I need…” He presses the cover of the book to his forehead as a silent sob wracks his body, shaking him to the core. “Please.
He was never...the religious one. I don’t think he ever believed a single word my father preached at us. He was always so much smarter than me...always saw right through him. Why would he be doing all this now?”
He nods. “Thank you, then. For...pulling me out of that nightmare. For believing in me today.  But...you need to understand something, Dean.”
album, and hauls it downstairs, glancing out the window for any sign of his father. It shouldn’t be a big deal - two friends listening to music after school
But Lucifer isn’t here and the room feels empty without him. His presence is a gaping wound in the still silence that is nearly impossible to ignore. Castiel takes out his phone again, rereading the message his brother had sent him for the tenth time that day: ‘Revelation 3:3.’
Castiel blinks but says nothing. Leave it to Dean to drop life-shattering revelations at Castiel’s feet as casually as one comments on the weather.
Before Castiel can even open his mouth to call out to them, they charge. Castiel draws his gun, firing two rounds into the woman’s chest. It’s not enough - she keeps coming. It takes four shots to make her drop to the ground, her limbs writhing before growing still.
Sam sighs. “I just wish I didn’t have to live with dad. Is that selfish? We live in a house, right? Dad did all this for us...but he just seems like he hates me all the time.”
He wraps an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, kneeling beside him with a sigh. Feeling content, Castiel leans his head against Dean’s shoulder.
Above him, it begins to rain. Not cold enough to snow, the icy drizzle makes Castiel shiver as he uses the hand shovel to hack away at the earth. Once two shallow holes are made, he trudges over to the edge of the property, taking one of the large rocks stacked near the fence in his arms and heaving it into one of the holes. It’s enough to keep it from rolling away, and soon, he does the same to the other. When it’s done, he covers the shallow holes with dirt, keeping the rocks secure and in place - a small, crude monument to the ones he misses the most. He hardly notices the bitter sting of the freezing rain on his skin - the work consumes him. Lets him forget about his grief, if only for a little while even if his hands sting as the rain continues to trickle down from the overcast.
“Demons have a way of tricking people into making deals, don’t they? They might not always be clear about their intentions, at least according to -- “
makes Castiel stir in his seat - the way his attention is placed solely on the man in his lap and nothing else. An angel of the Lord that
Jodi places a hand on her hip. “C’mon, Dean. You’re welcome inside too, Castiel. It’s been a while since I’ve seen your face around here.”
Not that it will stop Castiel - he had decided long ago that saving people was important. It was a duty. It was something to make up for the endless string of failures he'd muddled through since he'd been a child.
“Like I told you before,” she says, “People get stuck here. They get stuck...and they just don’t know what the hell to do with themselves. Castiel is a good kid. Someone like you being his friend is the best thing that’s ever happened to him. If he stuck up for you today, he’ll keep doing it. I don’t think he’d ever let anyone hurt you, or ever let anyone who would hurt you go unpunished.”
“Naomi,” he says quietly. Of course, it’s her - Castiel could feel her presence the minute she entered the room, stifling and sharp. She smiles, cold and unfeeling as she crouches down to meet his terrified gaze.
“Did you like that?” he asks quietly. Dean’s wide, wordless smile is answer enough. Castiel laughs nervously as Dean gives him a playful shove, as though to say
Castiel gives Dean a tired, weary smile. His hair is tousled and littered with pieces of cut grass and dirt. As rays of light dart out from behind the clouds, they cast little reflections of light across his damp hair like the beginnings of a halo.
“The only angel who hasn’t been causing problems - that I know of, funny enough - is the Devil himself. He’s been hiding with my brother.”
“Whoa, you alright?” Dean asks. “You sure you don’t wanna leave? I’d be lying if I said I didn’t kinda
“Because it is,” Castiel says simply. His voice breaks. Dean can feel Castiel’s grief pushing through the cracks of his steely foundation. He grabs Castiel’s shoulders, slowly shaking his head.
When Sam gets home, he and their father argue about cooking dinner. Sam insists he’s done it the past five nights. Dean tries to keep his voice low as he snaps at them both to just leave it alone. It isn’t until Dean yells at Sam to cook the damn food that he finally does it, shooting both him and their father a dirty look. Sam wasn’t wrong - he had “cooked” the past few nights, which was mostly putting pasta on a stove or trying to heat up microwavable food. But it was a job that took time, especially when Sam had extra homework he needed to finish.
Castiel shakes his head, baring his teeth as he forces himself not to break under the wild realization.
Instead, Dean is humming along to a Zeppelin song on the radio that Castiel has heard a thousand times before. He seems entirely unbothered that they’re going to a strip club full of men. He even seems eager - as though he’s been there before. As though Dean, showing up at his house looking
. Maybe this is what love is. The strange, blossoming swell of his heart - the way he could look at Dean
Castiel is crying before Jo can finish. Crying, laughing, and shaking in his head in barely-controlled hysterics. Dean puts a hand on his back and kisses his head as Jo reaches for his hands and squeezes them tightly. Though he’s crying too much to tell her, that was exactly what he needed to hear.
The voicemail cuts off. Castiel flips his phone shut and slams it down on the nightstand with an exasperated sigh. He closes his curtains and rustles under the covers to try and get some resemblance of sleep, though it takes him nearly two hours before he can calm down enough to doze off. When he does, his dreams are confusing and violent. Splashes of gory color dance across his eyes, and a pair of bright, yellow eyes bore deep into his own. He sees Dean’s face in a flutter of wings which shifts quickly into an image of bodies strung up in chains, dripping with blood and stomach acid. It frightens him, and when he cries out into the dark, a hand on his shoulder pulls him back from the vivid, gory scene and into a different scene entirely and it fades as quickly as it had come. He looks around frantically, realizing he’s now sitting by a pond, cross-legged in the brown dirt close to the shore. The sunshine is warm on his back, and beside him, Dean stands with his hands shoved into his pockets. Behind them, a large, white house looms at the top of a low, grassy hill.
“I’m sorry, Castiel,” Dean says quietly. “I’m sorry I couldn’t...convince you to put more faith in me. The one who’s failed here ain’t you - it’s me. I...I think I gotta reevaluate. I’m...I’m slipping. I am. And it’s gonna get ugly if I don’t fix this. Fix
He says this slowly, thoughtfully, even. Never once taking his eyes off of Castiel. Castiel passes a thick swallow past his throat.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs against his mouth. He’s sleepy, they both are, but he wants this. He’s never been more sure of anything in his life. “I want you.”
Where those words may have made Dean numb long ago, he smiles at them now. It doesn’t have to make sense, does it? And since when has anything about Castiel ever made sense? Dean has never wanted Castiel to be predictable - God knows he’s never been before. Even still, the words echo soft and still in Dean’s ears, flooding him with a tirade of warmth.
He has questions. Endless, endless questions that he doesn’t dare to hope they would answer with any measure of clarity. No sooner does it leave his mouth than the angels disappear from view, leaving Castiel alone once more.
“Sure,” he breathes. Castiel carefully comes up behind him, the front of him pressing gently against Dean’s back. He reaches around to take Dean’s hands in his own, impossibly gentle. His hands are smaller than Dean’s and much colder. He places them gently over top of Dean’s, and Dean is acutely aware of Castiel’s gentle breath ghosting across his hair.
“Are you sure you wanna do this?” Dean asks hesitantly. “It’s supposed to feel good for you too, man. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“First time I’ve been back here since we fled the fire,” the older Castiel murmurs as he checks that his gun is fully loaded. He touches the knife in his pocket and nods once as the other cars pull up behind them. Unable to tear his eyes away from the house, blackened and broken on the hill, Castiel makes a small noise in the back of his throat.
Climbing off the bed, Castiel stands to meet him. “Why? Are you planning on killing the witch? I wasn’t able to locate her just yet.”
As he pulls himself to his feet above the shallow grave that held his body only moments ago, he looks around him, realizing he’s at the center of what looks like a massive blast site. Before him, a circle of trees bows before the earth in an empty field, flattened by some massive force as though his very Lazarus-esque act had been enough to send a force out for almost a mile around. The grass beneath his shoes is dry and crunchy. Something was here. Something big. Castiel is alone, and he is not in hell any longer. He is confused, weak, tired, and unbearably thirsty. Behind him, the shadow of the cross which marked his grave disappears and reappears as the sun dips in and out of the clouds.
Later that night, after Castiel explained to Balthazar everything that he could about what Dean had told him, Castiel grabs his cellphone and flips it open, quickly dialing Lucifer’s number. His room is dark, and the crescent moon sitting high in the nighttime sky casts a thin film of light between the drawn curtains, cloaking half of Castiel’s face in a thin layer of moonlight. Castiel’s hand shakes as he holds the receiver to his ear, praying to a God he hardly believes in anymore for his brother to pick up the phone. The phone rings this time - it hadn’t before. But it takes him right to voicemail. With a sigh, Castiel bows his head and squeezes the phone tightly in his hand.
before. But whether or not he has, Dean takes to the desperate closeness well. He grabs Castiel by the hips and pulls him closer until their bodies are pressed flush together, making Castiel quickly forget how to breathe. Or think. Or care about anything else that isn’t Dean. He can
Castiel says nothing. He turns his head away from the image in the book. It’s been fifteen years since Castiel came to Balthazar’s doorstep. Fifteen years since he’d forced Balthazar into a life of hunting that he never wanted. Fifteen years since Balthazar had to uproot his life and sever his connections with anybody who isn’t a hunter.
The words hang heavy in the air between them and Dean doesn’t say a single word. He grips the table tightly as John walks away and disappears upstairs.
“I couldn’t kill my brother Samuel,” Dean says quietly. “And the consequences of me dying would be...astronomical. To let him kill me like that is selfish. Heaven would fall into disarray.”
Exhausted and freezing from the rain, Dean doesn’t object when their father sends him off to bed after unpacking the bed blankets they'd picked up from a pawn shop near the end of town. He throws his sheets onto the single bed, sitting in the far corner of the room by the small window where he could see the neighbor's house, murky and bright in the rain.
When he’s done, he throws the vial down on the floor, letting it shatter in a burst of light that makes Castiel shield his eyes. Dean leans down and cradles the dead body of the older Castiel close to his chest, bringing a hand up to his cheek. With a hitched sob, he leans down and presses a gentle, lingering kiss to his mouth. Stunned into silence, Castiel watches from the doorway, feeling his chest tighten with a rush of emotion he can’t identify.
“Then we need to make sure he doesn’t go free, Dean,” Castiel whispers. “But I can’t do it without you.”
“I wanted to apologize for my stiff behavior. I have to leave now — but I just wanted to say that I am sorry. And that I will see you tomorrow.”
But Dean would be lying if he didn’t like it. Just a little bit. His second day in this new place and already, he has a friend. Not a bad start. Whistling “And I Love You So” under his breath, Dean walks the rest of the way back to his house to tell Sam about the strangest kid he’d ever met in his life; his new friend, the talented, musical prodigy, Castiel Novak.
His father’s words sting, that much Dean can’t deny. Despite it, Dean is relieved that his father isn’t angry. His father’s anger is a looming, desolate thunderstorm for Dean; something as inescapable as it is inevitable. Any time his father
When Dean nods, Castiel turns and staggers up the steps like a blind man, gripping the rail hard in his fist and drags himself into bed without taking off his clothes.
“Then don’t ask me,” Castiel says hoarsely. “He and I have been through too much. You have some level of authority in heaven, don’t you? Don’t ask me to do this. Find another way.”
“No. Only a select few of us ever knew about the Angel Tablet. They all died assisting me in the trials. These people are going to serve as a diversion so that you and I can go around the hill and down to the barn - that’s where Lucifer is hiding with the Devil inside of him.”
His older self storms in, glancing at him with an unamused roll of his eyes when he sees that he’s uncuffed himself.
“The demon wasn’t anything...special. But I remember Lucifer standing in the living room, watching it billow up from the floorboards of our house. He was speaking to it, though I have no idea what he was saying. I have...very little memory of what happened after. The fire was hot. And people were screaming. And to this day, I don’t know how he and I got away. Only that, as far as I know, our mother, father, and my father’s other wives died. And that just as we were about to find the demon that did it, I went to hell. Hellhounds.”
Castiel sighs impatiently. “Look, I didn’t come here to cause problems, okay? I just want to figure out why I’m supposed to be here and get back to my own time. My - our brother is out there. He needs me.”
“Course I did. You loved the hell outta that thing. Just because I’m not exactly the praying type didn’t mean I was gonna just get rid of your favorite book.”
“You found this?!” he demands. Much like his brother, Castiel has incredibly piercing blue eyes. They stare straight through Dean, making his skin feel tightly pulled over his bones. Short stature and a stiff, steely posture make the boy seem ready to pop a loose spring as his eyes dart to the locket in Michael’s hand. His short, inky black hair sticks up from an attempt to comb it back.
Sam doesn’t know what to say. Not at first. He’s quiet as Dean tries to read his expression, knowing that this would take Sam time to process it all.
It became an unspoken agreement between the two to keep their heads down when Dean's father was around. He never told Castiel about his father's comments, but he never had to. Castiel could sense Dean's aching discomfort around his dad, always more in-tune with Dean's emotions than he ever was to his own. And so, it was a dance. When they're with Sam, they are friends. When they're with Dean's father, they're acquaintances. When they're alone...they're good friends. They talk and laugh about school. Sometimes they even talked about their families.
He watches the boy fly inside the house next door and slam it shut. On the grass just at the base of the tree, something glistening catches his eye. Dean walks over and plucks off the muddy ground, examining it closely. A small, sterling silver music pendant hangs on a silver chain, glistening in the rain. It must have belonged to the boy.
