(See the end of the chapter for
"Bathroom?" When Mr. Colt nodded, Dean got up and practically fled the room, grabbing and nearly dropping the hall pass as he went. It was only a slight relief when he got away from the intense stare, but it was something. He walked unsteadily down the hall to the bathroom, where he stood for a few moments in front of a sink.
Sam rolled his eyes. "You were told to dress nice. This is nice. If you're worried about overdressing, then change."
Gabriel held up a finger, his hand over one of his ears so he could hear better. Lucifer waited patiently until Gabriel finally curled the finger once more and removed his headphones.
Cas stood to cut the pie, staring Missouri down when she tried to get up to do it. "I've got it. You do enough for us, Missouri." He put copious amounts of whipped cream onto the pumpkin, as it should be, and dolloped ice cream onto Dean's slice of apple.
Why did Dean have to be so stubborn about something that was this bad for him? Castiel thought about this the entire way to Dean's house. He was angry that Dean would not see how evil John was. All Dean could see was the man he had been before Mary died. Which he blamed himself for. Still. After over a decade. He did not speak to either of the brothers until they reached the door, when he turned around and kissed Dean full on the lips. "Come on. Let's go do homework."
Thanks so much for your comments and kudos! It means a whole heck of a lot to me! And I'm so sorry for the long wait for this chapter. Life just kind of happened.
Lucifer nodded. "That is most likely for the best, little brother. Stay here so you do not get in trouble." He got up and stretched, then snuck through the front door. Castiel rolled his eyes. That wasn't subtle at all. Mother was going to catch him before he could change, and then where would they be? Sure enough, the sound of Mother's shriek of righteous indignation rang out of the house, followed by the sound of a scolding.
Gabriel opened the screen door and came inside, still frowning. "What's happening?"
Dean and Sam did not go to school the next day. Castiel was not surprised. What he was surprised at was the fact that he had not killed John when he had the chance. Instead, he had just tied him up. Castiel needed a plan. He did not wish to be arrested. But John did not deserve to walk the streets after what he had done to Dean.
Cas’s voice could only be described as a growl when he responded, “I’ll kill him.” Sam opened his mouth to respond, but Cas continued, “I will. This is the last time I get this call.”
Ellen placed gentle, yet firm, hands on his shoulders and pressed him down onto the slab he was sitting on. Michael Novak came to his side and deposited a first aid kit, which Ellen got to work with immediately. He heard screams and struggled to sit up again, but Ellen laid him back down. “Samuel Winchester, you stay put. You’re losing a lot of blood.”
Gabriel held up his hands in surrender. "Yes ma'am."
His eyes traveled to his neatly made bed, which was slightly wrinkled from where he and Cas had sat on it, then to the drawings adorning his walls. He crossed the room swiftly and pulled one down. It was two stick figures, both with comically large smiles on their faces. The figures were labeled, the words floating above their heads.
Dammit, he was going to have to say it. Dean forced himself to remember that this would be a onetime hurt, not the pain that would come of Cas having to deal with him all the time. "Yes. I think that would be best."
Sam shook his head sadly. "I've just been with Ms. Milton. Dad died yesterday."
As it should be.
He followed Dean up the stairs and knocked on his closed bedroom door. "Dean. What is the matter?"
were two words that Dean could not ignore, especially when he reciprocated those feelings.
John cursed silently. He had been hoping Bobby would pick up the phone. “Yeah. It’s John. Just looking for my boy.” Sam belonged here. Sam had betrayed him.
Thank you guys for the kudos! I love you all!
Dean would…Sam didn’t know what Dean would do. Rationally, he knew that what happened hadn’t been Dean’s fault, but he couldn’t separate the two. Even thinking about Dean caused the pain to flare up again, and even though he loved his brother, it was nearly impossible to think his name.
He had woken Dean during a nightmare.
Sam had no idea what John could have been thinking. He just knew that right now, everyone was safe. Dean and him were away from John and had made up. He would tell Jessica his number had changed in the morning at school so she wouldn't call the Winchester house.
Much to Lucifer's pleasure, Castiel was improving quickly and growing very loyal. He had taken the knife to Sam once. Soon, Lucifer would ask him to take the knife to Dean. When Castiel could do that without flinching, he would be ready, Dean and Sam could die, and everything would be the way it should be.
Castiel nodded and made a shooing gesture with his hands. Gabriel turned and left Castiel to his thoughts. He was looking forward to seeing his older brother, but that didn't stop a sinking feeling as he realized that (once again) it would be just him and Gabriel visiting Lucifer in the hospital. Why didn't their father and brother ever visit with them?
Dean was pulling a struggling Sam out of the room. “Not anymore! Not anymore!” Sam was shouting.
“Not tonight, Dean. I will see you tomorrow at school.” Cas’s voice was sad, and Dean wanted to fix it.
“Please. Don’t say anything. I got in a fight, okay?”
"We're home, Cassie." Gabriel set a comforting hand on Castiel's knee, but Castiel removed it. "Listen. Dad's home. He called when we were at the Singer-Harvelle house."
Dean's eyes cleared of all emotion and he frowned. "No, Cas. We're through. I don't love you. Now leave."
Dean let out a low chuckle, which Cas took to mean Dean had understood his statement was a joke. “So. First day back.” Dean was not meeting Cas’s gaze. “God, I hate this place. But you shoulda seen Sammy this morning, bouncing around like it was Christmas morning.”
“Seems?” Dean was still calm. Sam stared at him. How was he this calm?
Jody responded,
That was not technically grounds to kill the husband and son, but honestly, Lilith hadn’t been able to make someone scream in a long time. Crowley hadn’t given her the satisfaction. The Mills family would, if their female figure was anything to go by.
The voice on the other end was familiar and struck worry into Charlie’s heart. Jessica Moore, this time frantic, had called her again. “Miss Bradbury, we really need your help. Dean and Sam Winchester are in danger.”
Michael got up and went upstairs. Once he was out of earshot, Naomi leaned close to Castiel and Lucifer. "You two. If you say anything that might give him reason to fight for custody," she lowered her voice further as Crowley looked on in disapproval, "I won't play nice."
Jess grinned back at him. "All right then." She started giving directions for how Sam needed to turn his head and snapping pictures, some with flash, some without. Soon she said, "Done," and put the camera back in her bag. "Thank you."
Jess nodded. “I trust you two. You love them.” Tears were swimming in her eyes, and Ellen suppressed her maternal instinct to lean forward and wipe them away. Instead, she glanced at her watch.
“I built it.” he says, trying to dislodge the lump in his throat, “So that we would both fit comfortably.”
Dean moans. Moans. Into his neck, his hips undulating.
And Castiel
Michael hates himself for being so hasty. His hastiness had gotten them both thrown in to the cage. There, he protected Adam as best as he could and found that Adam was just as eager to protect him. Michael was thankful that Lucifer was too preoccupied with Sam to bother them often. Though the horrors he inflicted sent chills racing through Adam’s body.
Now, in the dead silence, Dean can hear the small dripping noises from the fountain nearby. And what they see… it isn’t a wraith.
To save
His common sense awakens about the same time as he does. It rings alarm bells in his head and terror slices through him.
She looks at the scene on the porch and stops in her tracks, her eyes darting between the two Deans. “Babe, let me sort this out okay?”
Holy shit.
Dean’s prayer almost causes him to burst into tears. The finality of his tone breaks something in Castiel. Soon enough, he’s going to be staring down at Dean’s corpse, unable to do anything but watch.
“The three of us?” Sam clarifies.
Pausing by the door, Castiel wonders why he doesn’t just rip it open and run into Dean’s embrace. He knows that there is a real possibility that Dean will be angry with him for leaving Sam. But there’s also another part… that thinks he might appreciate the company. Castiel’s company.
He can’t afford to waste time removing those stitches now though. In fact, he should just leave him here to rot. But the look in his eyes brings Crowley pause. He’d never seen an archangel look so lost… closed in on himself to the point that he doesn’t even try to retaliate.
done lots of research. So maybe he
Her confusion must show because the demon rolls his eyes. “You really are their mother.” He mutters. “Shipping. Ships. When you want two people to shag and then promise monogamy.”
“Fine.” Dean appeases, “This person... wears… a trench-coat.”
“Cass dies.” The other Dean says, staring at him, unwavering.
Despite his chest tightening and his pulse literally thrumming in his ears, Sam tries to school his expression.
“Some groceries too.” Dean mutters, already compiling a list in his mind. He feels bad about tricking Cass, but he wants him to feel comfortable. And everyone loves Dean’s cooking. “A T.V. maybe. And a stove top… microwaves always make food taste funny anyway.”
“Adam?” Michael halts, stopping in whatever universe this is. “Are you alright?”
“Guys.” Dean says to get their attention. “We’re supposed to be bonding.”
“What?” he breathes.
“I’m happy Dean found me.” mutters Cass, “And I’m sowwy about your friend.”
Cass opens his eyes, and Dean notes with some satisfaction that his pupils are blown so wide that only a small ring of blue is visible.
“I don’t believe that bathing is ‘feminine,’ Dean.” He says, noting the way Dean hangs off his every word. “If you show me how to make it.”
The other Dean’s eyes flicker with sadness, grief. “Last I checked… he’s God.”
Snapping his head to face his brother, Sam scowls. “I already told you, Dean. No.”
“Dean?” he keeps his voice even, he can’t risk spooking his friend… not now
Cass is leaning against his headboard, watching him very carefully. Casa Erotica is playing in the background but Cass’ focus is solely on him.
Right now, he’s seeing Cass waving to him like some sort of broken chicken with his elbows and knees all over the place. Earlier, it had been Cass singing the song from Full House ‘Wake Up San Francisco.’
He raises a brow at the abrupt answer but keeps his suspicions to himself.
Dean gives him a small smile.
The hell.
With bated breath, Castiel waits for the other shoe to drop.
Sam can’t let himself be distracted by the wiles of a demon. Crowley is here to destroy their lives, lay waste to Dean and Cass’ happiness. He’s not good. He’s not friendly. He’s trying to distract Sam, off-balance him with these random bouts of ‘truth.’
pants.
“What is it then?” she asks, genuinely interested.
It’s irrational, Dean knows, but he feels so angry. That Cass never thought to come back, that Dean probably hadn’t even crossed his mind in the months that elapsed. What comes out though is: “I’m asking because I miss you.”
- true that, Sam thinks -
Thank you to
That’s good, cause Dean isn’t sure what his expression looks like now. Kissing is for couples. Not for a ‘best friend helping out another best friend’ situation.
“Yeah… well.” Cass looks angry now, frustrated. He glares up at Dean takes a step forward, forcing Dean to move back or have Cass standing right next to his lips. “Friends don’t stare.”
“When I was a child.” Dean says slowly, “I raised you.” Dean locks eyes with him and Sam is almost ashamed to see the hurt still lingering.
“Cass?” The panic in Dean’s voice snaps him out of his terror. “Cass? Where’d you go? This isn’t funny.”
“You retired.” The shock on his face is evident. Shame burns his cheeks once more. Now he’ll think that Dean had given up on finding his grace and ditched everyone to have his apple pie life.
“Just give him the entire block, would you?” Sam mutters. But of course, they manage to hear him over the sound of their strange forgiveness ritual.
“Get out of the way!” Sam barks as he shoves into the room.
When Dean sees his face he pulls back in surprise. “What’s wrong?”
With a scoff Dean lays a hand on his shoulder. “You just made me come like a bazooka. I think you get an A+ in the art of fellatio.”
'You're dead to me.' Words that shook him to his core. 'You're Dead to me ' words worse than Cass could even imagine. Worse than death, worse than the Empty. Because he could escape those things. But Dean's hatred... his hatred is far reaching and stubborn.
His win.
“Then why?” he gestures at the water and at Dean’s nakedness.
Holding the rag near Dean’s, nose he takes note of the way the older Winchester immediately melts into him. Soon enough Dean’s head begins to loll and Castiel lets him lean on his shoulder. He shuts the shower off and uses the tiniest bit of his power to dry them and the area completely.
Dean looks at him expectantly.
Whatever Cass does seems to placate Dean, who then turns to Sam with a tiny frown. “ I don’t think he likes that question.”
“What?” Castiel’s limbs go cold.
Castiel sighed as he made his way into the bunker. Maybe he could convince Sam to go along with his story. Dean would be likely to believe him then. But would he? Would Dean believe the King of Hell over Castiel, the angel who had given everything for him again and again? He doesn’t know. And it pains.
Castiel stares at the blackened skillet and shakes his head. Sam, Dean, and Jack went out awhile ago. He was hoping to have some lunch ready for them by the time they got back. However, he’s fairly certain his attempt at an ‘egg omelet’ is now forever stuck to the frying pan. Scraping with a spatula doesn’t do much for the coarseness on the bottom.
“Cass! Help me get the bed frame – ” Dean makes a gurgling sound and almost trips over himself trying to get the scissors away from Cass. “What are you doing!?”
“What’s that?”
Cass gives him a punitive glance then walks into the yard.
“What are you talking about?” he demands. “Who are you? And why do you look like my brother?
“That isn’t what I asked.” Dean says, trying to remain completely still in order to not rock their seat.
Cass chuckles. “Now isn’t the time to be shy Dean.”
“This is uncomfortable.” Says Cass, “And I’d rather talk to Dean alone. Since he’s the one forcing me to.” The last part is whispered but it doesn’t stop the relief Dean feels. He hadn’t screwed up too badly yet.
never know. Because you…
Dean’s eyes widen and his hand shoots out, latching onto Sam’s arm for balance. “The Shadow.”
“You know that right.” Sam prods. “I think you’re a very clever boy. You make things that no one else could think of. You’re very good with your hands. You’re a crack shot too, or you will be. Your plans… they save the day. Remember that for me.”
“What?” he asks. Is there some kind of etiquette that he doesn’t know about?
He’s losing Adam. If he’s honest there’s still a chance that Adam can get past it. Undoubtedly, it would change their relationship forever. Adam may be more guarded with him. Maybe he’d want him to have another vessel when they get back. But he can’t stand idly by and lose him. This is a risk… it makes his heart flutter and his stomach feel acid… but it still gives him a chance to remain by Adam’s side.
“I know you said don’t fight but…”
“Is it Dean?” Cass asks, cocking his head at Sam.
If this isn’t an opportunity to find out why Dean didn’t look for him, he doesn’t know what is. Maybe this will finally put an end to some of his suffering.
Dean winks, “Problem solved buddy.”
That seriousness makes Dean chortle with laughter.
He winces as he feels Adam tug against his hold. It's not often that they isolate one another while the other is in control. And its even less often that they fight it. They're pretty respectful of each other's privacy.
“I was only suffering because you were.” Cass tries to reason. But Dean knows that isn’t the whole story. “Leaving me here along won’t stop my suffering. Please Dean. I love you.”
“Good.” She waves him inside, “Well, I made dinner. More of the stuff you and Dean liked last time.”
That’s what people say.
“Good.”
Knowledge really is a burden, Sam thinks, as he watches Cass trail behind Dean.
That one causes coffee to spurt out his nose. As he splutters an indignant ‘no,’ Dean leans forward to slap him harshly on the back.
“Wow.” He mutters, “I can’t believe Dean found a place this great for rent.”
“No.” he answers honestly, because, what else can he do?
Dean can barely get his breathing under control enough to even try to reply. He hates thinking about it… having to worry about Cass seeing… anyone seeing. Because it’s a weakness; as vulnerable as a hunter could get.
“B-because.” He says. “Friends don’t do this.”
“It’s okay Dean.” His brother assures. “You’ve been through something traumatic. You need your rest.”
A few seconds later and Dean is as spritely as ever. Like he just chugged a gallon of coffee or a Monster.
Sam wants to hold onto that, even though it made things harder with him. There was less free time, the stress was constant. The worry that something would happen.
“Sam!” Cass’ jovial voice breaks him out of his musings.
No, Dean hadn’t forgotten. Not for one second.
“You know I don’t swing that way.”
plan. We were all supposed to make it out.”
“Sam.” Mom sounds surprised to see him. “What happened to taking a break?”
And of course, because the universe hates him, someone calls Dean’s name. He gives Castiel an apologetic smile before placing the bill on the table.
With Dean sandwiched between him and Sam, the three of them make their way to Dean’s bedroom and they rest Dean on his bed.
He kisses her and she slowly palms him through his jeans.
What if they get stuck up there? That always happens in those chick flick movies. He doesn’t know if he’d be able to survive that. And the sheer embarrassment about freaking out in front of Cass…
Shakily, Sam steps back, letting Castiel get closer.
Suck it up,  he reminds himself, it’s what you’re good at.
Shorter than usual but loaded with - as Crowley would say: "Feelings!"
Normal.
Dean lies silently on his bed as Cass heads out to the kitchen. Dean has half a mind to lock the door behind him. Of all the vegetables Cass could have picked… he chose the one that looks most like a bloody heart. Nah, that’d probably just piss him off. Dean isn’t down for that.
“Like we’re something more than what we are.”
“Just like that.” Michael assures. “It’s my way of saying I’m sorry.”
“What?” Gabriel chuckles. “Are you referring to the three pies I ate or the sex we had.”
what I was saying.”
“You’re vegan. I have to listen to you bitch all the live-long day about vegetables and ‘the power of a healthy lifestyle.’”
“A twink’s dream perhaps, not mine,” he murmurs. “I want to go outside.”
Sam puts them in their respective cribs and says. “No more tight grips and raising from the playpen, alright?” Cass nods at him, chastised.
Castiel stands in silence for a moment. Absorbing the shock waves from the bomb that Crowley dropped.
“Let me say goodbye.”
“I thought you were the one in love with him.”
So I had this entire fic completely planned. But then I had a better idea and decided to change it. Then, while poor unassuming me was writing this chapter... Crowley appeared! Out of nowhere. So that changes things.
He sighs. “C’mon, Cass.” He pleads.
“Well, me neither.” Dean says, “You know me, I …”
“Dean… I – I am so sorry.”
yes he’s losing himself. Yes, he can’t remember what his brother’s voice sounds like, his mother’s… yes he can’t remember how to put an engine back together, yes he has to play off the words that he forgot, yes he finds himself wondering what his name is.
This is a more depressing version of the story
“It’s… kind of weird for me too.” Sam admits. “When I saw Dean drinking beer earlier, I almost died.”
“You’re back too.” Casitel says cheerfully.
“It can be.” Castiel says gently. “I love you.”
Dean frowns. “Hey, don’t. What did you really come in here to talk about?”
One hand is locked onto the back of the seat, clutching it for dear life and the other is knotted in a mop of black hair. Cass’ hair. Dean clamps his jaw shut, refusing to let any other noises out, other than the sound of his breath, passing through his nose.
“Look at it this way.” He says encouragingly. “We both get to learn something new together.”
“You know why I couldn’t.” his voice is small.
“It’s okay Dean.” He whispers, “And, for the record, I wanted to stay with you to.”
“Uh, I – I grabbed your shoulder and you dropped.”
Wait.
“It just slipped out Cass.” Dean says glumly. “You know we haven’t been in the best place. I thought things were getting better and you’re talking to this guy and telling him – it doesn’t matter what you were telling him – you were being
“Alright.” His voice is now tight and soldierly, “I’ll be there soon. I need to make it organic or else Dean will notice.” A short pause, “Does Dean know that you know?”
“And you touched something.” Sam supplies. “Something magical.”
“I’m not sorry.” Is all he has to say for himself.
He suspects some surprise, indignation maybe. Sam would probably accuse him of some trickery, which, yeah, on any other occasion. But what if Sam is already suspicious? He certainly seems to be looking at him strangely today. Sam is good at piecing things together. What if he thinks that he’s figured it out and is just goading Dean? What if he thinks that Dean and Cass are having sex? Or worse… that they’re actually in a relationship? His implications have become less implicating and more like thinly veiled accusations.
Dean sags into Cass’ shoulder as he opens the door. “Sam’s fine.” He mumbles into his shoulder.
“I thought it was obvious. That I do.”
So does that mean Dean should just ignore it.
It takes him a beat before he can respond. “Don’t get cocky. I was easing you into it.”
There’s never been a doubt about that.
Dean rubs his hands together and pushes Cass back onto the bed. “We shall.” He says, purposefully lowering his voice.
am Anthony J Crowley.”
“How long has it been?” his heart feels heavy.
“You don’t know how much I needed to hear that.”
“This
Dean steps out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist and smirks at Cass.
He groans, “Damn, Cass.” He breathes, petting Castiel’s hair lightly, “You really know how to wake a guy right up.”
The room itself looks huge, furnished… the space makes Dean dizzy like whatever the opposite of claustrophobia is.
Castiel can’t help but grin as Dean’s excitement seeps from his hands and into Castiel’s shoulders. “Yes Dean, it is.”
Sure,
Dean takes stock of the restaurant. All the people in look like they’re in the upper echelons of society. The place looks mostly filled with couples and to-be-couples. It’s the kind of joint where proposals are made via a ring in your wine glass. Dean hates it.
Some of the weight seems to ease. “Thank you, Sam.”
“And some memory of saving you from the pit.”
His hand rests on the knob, maybe he can slip inside before Chuck obliterates him.
Dean laughs at him, reaching over to pinch his cheeks affectionately. “Don’t worry man, you have as much fun as you like. Just don’t fall off and crack your skull.”
“I thought we’d established that I’m not going to hurt you.” he tries in the most placating tone he’d ever used. “Just stay still and this will be over before we know it.”
Castiel cannot read her expression. Not one bit.
Castiel huffs. “I’m not actually this size Dean. Nor is my true form male.”
“Sure.” Sam mutters, “That’s exactly what she’ll see.”
All this time, they thought that Cass’ wish
He moves his hands down, tugging at Dean’s pants. The thing just won’t budge. Dean lips his hips not breaking their kiss and scrambles for Castiel’s pants. He kicks them off hastily flinging them both
Was this some kind of magic healing cock situation?
A knock on his door distracts him.
“Sam please.” This Dean’s voice cuts through Sam’s yelling. “I’m your brother. Why can’t you trust me?”
“What do I call you then? My… boyfriend?”
“Yeah.” Dean sighs. Thankfully the disbelief is even more evident. “Right.”
“It was… certainly surprising man.”
“It’s lube.” He says. “It makes it easier. Just rub it up and down the length and let’s see how that feels.”
He know that this is goodbye. But Cass doesn’t.
Pushing up onto his elbows he eyes Cass, who has his fingers hovering just below his dick as though he can’t wait to continue
Cass looks at him uncertainly, clearly regretting bringing up the entire thing. This is exactly why he needs to get cracking on getting Cass to realise just how important he is. This is an opportunity actually, he realises.
“And now?” he demands, “Are you going to test if I’ve ‘broken you’?”
Dean pulls away first, panting for breath. But he keeps them connected by pressing their knees together. “So…” He gasps. “What about the bubble?”
“The hell do you mean I can’t go!”
Michael made up his mind to let Adam have some time without him. But that doesn’t mean he’s not lurking… hovering on the edge of Adam’s consciousness… just in case.
“They’re all working together.” Dean continues, his head still ducked. “That’s not normal. Monsters don’t form this kind of alliance. Not on their own. Not with so many different species.”
“Do you still want to try it?”
“Oh you live.” His brother exclaims sarcastically. “I left you more than three hundred missed calls.”
Sam chuckles and Dean can practically
He knows exactly what to bring.
But they turn sweet as Dean’s lips brush against his, tantalisingly slow. Castiel can’t help the tears that flood his eyes. He presses them shut, not wanting to ruin the moment. If Dean asks, he’ll tell him the truth: that these are happy tears stemming from a decade of never knowing.
He stammers, “No! Why are you doing this.”
“I need to tell you something.” He says quickly. Castiel wishes that he doesn’t have to talk about this now, not when Dean is smiling at him like this. Not when he’s missed the feel of Dean’s arms around him for weeks.
The poor little bird probably had eggs that a snake had swallowed right up and-
He rolls out of bed and listens closely, working his way towards the noise.
prove an invaluable asset in ridding him of these horrible bumps.
Cass’ eyes flit up front, uncertainly, but he nods anyway.
“Dean, please.”
Sam sighs. Dean leaving had worn down on him and once again Castiel wonders if he should reveal his plan to Sam. In the long run it would help Dean… keep him alive, but in the short run… if it worked, and it would, the after effects would be atrocious. No. Sam would never agree to this.
“Dean saw Becky didn’t he?”
“Okay Dean.”
The room had been dark but he’s seen all too much. It certainly doesn’t help that his mother is in the exact same vessel as when he was a child.
“But you’re not alone.” Sam reminds him after a second.
“I’ll take that as a no.”
It just needed the right catalyst.
Dean doesn’t share his frivolity in dealing with this issue.
Or maybe it’s Michael.
Carefully, Castiel takes the piece of bacon. “Dean sent this for me?”
“Dean. Wait.”
His mood sours and the pie slides tastelessly down his gullet. Dean stabs his own pie in quiet contemplation. He hates how quickly the mood had shifted. He almost hates the waitress for bringing it up… but that isn’t fair; she was just complimenting them.
“Well, sometimes food and sex can go hand in hand.”
“Dean please try to stay calm.” He says trying to school his own features into compliance.
Basically what the title says ToT
“It doesn’t work that way.” Dee interrupts, his voice coming from behind Dean. The fact that he was able to sneak up on him tells him just how much Cass’ revelation has shaken him.
“Jack, I know you said you wouldn’t interfere...Please help me out one last time. I haven’t always been the best role model for you; I know that. But Cas...Cas always did right by you. You gotta bring him back. Why haven’t you brought him back?”
Claire put on her you’re-not-my-dad-but-you-are-dressed-like-him-so-I’ll-be-slightly-more-respectful-voice. “Don’t worry, Cas. We’re being safe. Kaia had a couple of drinks but I only had one beer. We’re going to hit the casino for an hour and then head back to our room for the night. We won’t leave until tomorrow morning. Besides, I already called Jody and she tried to convince us to stay one extra night. And if Jody isn’t worried, you don’t have any reason to be.”
“Hello, Jack. What are you doing in my house???” I thought about running to the kitchen for salt or rifling through my desk for the silver pencil case I keep just-in-case. I didn’t spend a lot of time with Sam and Dean in person, but I’m not an idiot. I picked up a thing or two from Chuck’s books. Jack looked at me with sincerity. I forgot about being afraid, curious about what he came for and who he was.
“Thanks, Cas. But. Uh. Don’t.”
Dean gave Cas a sharp look which earned him another eye roll and Cas' signature squinty eyes. Benny day between them looking back and forth. "Fellas, is something wrong?"
"First Rowena, now you. Why is everyone obsessed with me and Cas?"
“Where are y-
“No. I was just checking on you.”
Cas reaches up to hold Dean’s face in his hands, to look at him with the sincerity that has always been there. He pulls Dean into a slow kiss before settling down back beside him. They fall asleep; because they’re in heaven, and they can. When they wake up, they’ll have forever to figure out what to do next, and if they’re lucky, Jack will stop by at breakfast, a fresh baked apple pie in hand.
“What can I do?” I would do anything for Sam and Dean. They don’t have to like me. I love them. I’ve always loved them. Toxic behavior of my youth aside, as a fan, I still see so much of myself in them. My therapist helped me come to terms with that. I can project my feelings onto the story without the need to insert myself into it.
“I don’t even know how to be a profit.”
Cas feels his cheeks warm. How did they become so screwed up that the platonic “buddy” means as much as “sweetheart” or “baby”?
They go inside. Cas grabs a case of beer and a couple packages of candy he thinks that Dean will appreciate. The ride home is silent yet comfortable as both men contemplate what they’ve discussed.
Cas puts on his I’m-not-your-father-but-I’m-going-to-parent-you-anyway voice. “I thought Sam sent you to hunt a shapeshifter. You shouldn’t be partying with a monster on the loose.”
Meanwhile, the dinner dishes were stacked in the Bunker’s kitchen sink, grease congealing along Dean’s burger pans and ketchup crusting to every plate. Dean wipes his hands on a dish towel and throws it onto the counter behind him. He turns around to find that Jack is eating milk and cookies. Two more dishes that he’ll have to deal with. With a roll of his eyes he picks up Jack’s empty cookie plate to clean it off quickly so maybe he can get to bed. At the map table in the other room, Sam is still agonizing over some books, rereading anything that might give them an advantage over Chuck.
Adam and Michael are returned to Earth in the same vessel. That is what seemed to make them the happiest. But Michael is significantly powered down. He couldn’t heal a broken bone, but maybe he could heal a paper cut if he concentrated hard enough. When they eventually reach heaven together, Michael will keep Adam’s vessel. Adam won’t need it then.
The man nods, looking very pensive- even in moments before sunrise it was evident. "So the guy that got her pregnant ran off-" huffs a soft laugh, "Typical-" then his gaze focuses on the teen at his side. "Unless you-"
The tune was catchy, sort of like some nineties chick rock but the words hit him in his feelings. He's growing uncomfortable and switches the station as casually as he can, finally landing on some other song that sounded more like their type of music. But new music isn't helping and he feels the need to go walk around, which sounds like an amazing idea seeing as they've been cooped up in the confined space for over an hour.
Dean groans in frustration, "Damn it cas! You promised you weren't going to shut me out!" He turns around to leave but Castiel gets up from the bed and holds him in place. "Tell me the truth or I'm leaving."
"What?" he says quietly, not caring that people were starting to exit.
Castiel points towards the lake, he saw something. "I thought I saw-"
Before going to bed for the night at just ten o'clock, he goes out to the porch to smoke himself his last menthol cigarette from an old pack he'd stolen from his father a while ago. The pack had been squished and falling apart, but he didn't care- a cigarette was a cigarette and he'd been smoking on and off behind his fathers back since he was about his little brothers age.
"That's all you have to say?"
Dean looks at Castiel, "Is that true? You want me to go to-"
Dean smiles sweetly, nodding and closes his eyes when thick fingers brush through his hair lovingly. "I feel warm-" he admits quietly, "In here-" his hand goes down to rest on his tummy.
A few hours later, he's still in bed and completely bored now that his shows were all done with. Dean wasn't home either, he was at Sam's for a sleepover and it's a damn shame, if he'd been there they could have had a movie night with plenty of pizza to go around without having to worry about the kids father ruining the fun for a change.
Dean's mouth felt dry now, watching him as he looked through some drawer's for some short's. " Shit. " he whispered under his breath.
Castiel pulls over about a mile away from Bobby's place, he looks over at the sleepy teen. "Dean-" he opens his eyes, "Think you might-" he looks down at his crotch and Dean smiles that perfect smile and quickly goes down on him and somehow they both end up in the back seat humping away like virgins. They dry hump for what seems like hours until Dean has an orgasm in his jeans. "I see you liked that-" Castiel sighs aggressively, a cocky smile on his face.
"Oh, Dean-" Castiel pulls him in close, looking towards the open door before kissing his temple. "You need to tell me whats going on with you so that I know-we need to communicate. If anything hurts, if anything scares you or bothers you- you tell me. Understand?" The teen nods, "Was it the first time that happened?"
"Hey-" Dean yanks on his arm to get him to stand still, "I wasn't there this time-I was safe."
Castiel peeks down the hallway to make sure that they are alone and again, gives the teen his gift to open now. "Saw this online, made me think of you-"
Dean laughs again, "I'll try not to be so sexy alright, that way you won't want to fuck me all the time."
"What did he say?" Castiel sits up as well, pulling on his shirt and handing the boy his.
Both Dean and Castiel sat in the car parked next to the Impala for a few moments, exchanging worried glances between then until finally heading inside. Surprisingly the home was intact and clean, nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary.
The words should comfort him but they don't, they only serve to remind him that one day this will be their reality. Dean smiles at his older love and kisses him softly on the lips once before moving to help him rinse off. The whole
Dean holds his phone in his hand, reading the text. "Cas wants me to come over and do his laundry." he'd already filled his uncle in on becoming his step fathers slave.
He so badly wants to be a child again, have a do over. But it's too
"Cause ya look like hell-" Bobby helps him up the porch steps, all the way to his bedroom. "Been tryna reach ya for days-"
Dean snorts, "Right? I love a good fight-" and they exit the school building.
As expected, the teen failed his first attempt at taking his test and didn't even make it to the driving portion. Dean cried on the way home and his uncle had to comfort him for almost an hour until finally his tears dried. Later that night when Bobby mentions that he may have failed the driving test his first time around too, he's back to himself and no longer feels like it was the end of the world.
Castiel knows he's exaggerating the amounts mentioned. "Glad the baby is alright-" there's something extremely sad about his tone of voice and after all the dirty things his boyfriend did to him only hours ago- this wasn't acceptable.
"Hey, Cas." the teen looks up from his Science book- there's a playboy Sam got him hidden inside. His science book is only a decoy.
"He's just going to take a look at you." Castiel reassures the boy who looked extremely nervous after being lifted up onto the small hospital bed by the male nurse. "I think it might be his appendix-" he mentions. They quickly poke his his finger for some blood which he handles like a total champ. Next comes the ultrasound, the same nurse wheeled in the machine and it scares him terribly.
never did set up that appointment to get him some counseling.
The teen hesitates before unlacing his boots as well and digging his toes into the surprisingly warm sand. His eyes close and a sigh leaves his body, "This is so awesome-" and what comes next takes them both by surprise. "I'm having fun, thanks dad-"
Castiel nods and tells him to stay put before making his way down the hall carefully, knowing full well there isn't an intruder in his home, but the fact that he was called to bed by a voice that sounded like his ex lover is unnerving.
Unfortunately for him, Meg would be stopping by every now and then to check on the doctor who he had beaten to a pulp. Luckily no cops were called, as per Castiel's request.
“And why is that?”
"Dunno- they were like this."
"You're really not going to tell on me if I kiss you?" Dean shakes his head, "Close your eyes."
"Wait-Bobby-" Dean gets up from where he'd been sitting on the floor for movie night, "Tomorrow's Fathers Day- can we go get him a cake?"
Dean shrugs and continues, like he's been wanting to get things off his chest for a long time. "I would beg to go home when I was in school- I wanted my mom so bad, all the time. She'd come get me but I never felt better. I never felt like my parents were my parents-" He wipes the tear that just fell, "I made up a story in my head about my real parents, that maybe one day they'd come get me but they never did so I gave up on that. I was friggin' miserable Cas-"
"Who said that?" Castiel looks over at him briefly as they pull into the diner for lunch. Dean's already had pizza but Castiel is famished. "Talk to me baby-" the cars engine cuts off.
Castiel's pushed onto the black leather sofa and he loves it. "You're so fucking hot-" the teenager pushes off his jacket and is on his lap in no time, grinding down on his hard on. John Winchester would never do this with him- he was strictly a top and now with this
Dean smiles nervously, suddenly very afraid of what his step dad might to do him. Castiel isn't big on physical discipline but there's always a first time for everything. "You know Brady?" Castiel rolls his eyes, nodding. "Well he uh-gave me somethin'-" he lets that part die off.
"You'll drag my ass to hell-" Dean salutes him lazily, "Got it-"
"Okay-" Dean wraps an arm around the bigger body next to him, he liked snuggling with Castiel because it didn't hurt or feel weird- he wasn't touched in ways he didn't like. Actually, he didn't touch the boy at all. "Ahh-haaa-" Dean yawns sleepily a few minutes later, now that his stomach ache had faded and he was comfortable.
Castiel hates the smug look on his face, "But raping her is fine?" his tone is angry.
"I guess-" he huffs, then gently kicks the wall two seconds later. "Why am I so friggin' emotional-"
Dean actually gags before he drops his phone, when he picks it up the spell his father had over him was broken and he hung up. No way in hell was he going to eat right now.
His eyes zone in on the man eating his food which actually looked better than his, it looked like he had some kind of connections in the cafeteria because he always had something slightly better than everyone else. Not to mention the commissary the guy had, his locker was always full but it was under lock and key so no one could get to it not even his room mate. It's not fair, he's the guys prison
He closes the box and lifts it up, carrying it down the hall with Castiel following him all the way outside, "Gonna toss it." he says and places the box of his fathers things next to the garbage can.
Arousal washes over Castiel instantly, "Don't say things like that-" he looks over at the open door. Dean's face is saying
Ash stands up and dusts himself off. "Sorry Bobby-" and he walks behind the older man into the house. He's given a heavy paper plate covered with aluminum foil before he's sent off on his way home.
Soon he's sitting in front of his little brother and his father, who looks less than thrilled to be there. Sam leans in close to his big brother and asks, "Whose the guy you came in with?" both he and their father are staring at Castiel.
Dean wouldn't touch it.
The teen has definitely been acting strange, however it doesn't get brought up until they are in the car and on their way to the diner for a quick breakfast.
"Of course. I wasn't expecting this to happen either-" she laughs softly. "-college was forever ago."
"Ya moved out on me, boy-" sniffles again, taking a seat on the edge of the bed too with the box of things between them.
He's going to hurt him if he even tries it the way Dean wants. "Ever heard of doggy style?" the boy nods, "Good, get on the bed."
"Right-" Dean nods, "Last thing I wanna do is give you a heart attack-" his uncle closes his eyes once more, quickly falling asleep. After a minute or two of watching his uncle sleep, he looks over his shoulder at his step father whose sitting down in one of the two chairs in the ER room. "I think you should go-" the words catch Castiel by surprise, instantly looking hurt. "This is between me and my uncle-" and he gives the man a smile to let him know they're on good terms.
Castiel's eyes are on the teen, "Slow down-" he orders softly. "We have plenty of time together-"
They watch him walk up the porch steps and disappear behind the screen door, "Are you okay?" Dean asks him, it still surprises him when he does ask since he's almost always so self absorbed but then again most teenagers are.
It was obvious that he had been crying again, but over
"That won't be necessary-" he says quietly, pulling his hand away. "I just wish I didn't get my hopes up, that's all-" there's a pause. "I don't want you telling me you want to get married if you don't-"
"Yea. She won't start."
"We met in nursing school, but that wasn't his goal-" she smiles, almost forgetting about his betrayal for a second. "He loves being an Anesthesiologist."
Castiel hums as he lovingly sucks the teens cock deeply into his mouth, deep throating it occasionally to make him lose his mind.
Jack wipes his face, looking up at him- "My baby sister-" he cries harder, Dean takes a seat next to him on the front steps and wraps an arm around him. "I had to call an ambulance. She was in a lot of pain last night-"
His pretty face looks so innocent, yet determined to believe what he's saying is the truth.
"-until you piss me off again." he smiles, Castiel frowns. "Yea, I mean it."
Castiel stands up, rolling his eyes. "Yeah I'll think about it-" he smiles. "Clean up this mess and go to bed."
Castiel frowns and reaches over to caress the teens confused face, "Are you feeling okay, you look-"
Soon the silence sets in, they watch the fire die off- the last final embers trying to roar back to life. The sky is a dark purple- birds or bats keep flying over their heads way off in the distance. The water in the lake looks completely black, almost eerie looking. "I could live here." Dean confesses.
Bobby sighs, "Your dad shoulda' stayed in the damn army. He's nothin' but trouble- been stealing from others for as long as I can remember."
No notifications, no missed calls.
While his receipt was printing Dean asked kindly," Mind helping me again, I aghh-hurt myself at the gym earlier." he faked a sharp pain his his back and bent over slightly to make it convincing. " Can't really lift anything."
Dean nods, unable to say anything and simply watches the man carry a few boxes into the house. Eventually he snaps out of it and helps him  with the final few- after all they were his boxes. Dean slowly unpacks one of the boxes that belonged to him and it surprises him that he doesn't really want any of it. He doesn't want his fathers old shirts that he used to wear and he certainly didn't want his fathers military tags. Not even his old boots. Castiel knocks on the door, "Dinner's ready." Dean turns around to look at him, he's folding his fathers shirts and placing them back in the box- as well his boots and the tags. "What are you doing?"
"Heyy-" Castiel coos softly, tilting the teens chin up so their eyes can meet.
"You're not gay so I'm not surprised-"
“No I’ve had amazing relationships with women to be honest. Just loved the one man. He...not so much. Hell, he probably has forgotten all about me.” He said that last part sadly.
happened before. Alarm bells start going off but those are quickly silenced because nothing ever happens to his boring ass boyfriend and even if something did happen, the man can handle himself.
Bobby and Castiel come in, "What were you doin' out there?"
"Milkshake-" Dean rushes the word out, his eyes fixed on the older man hovering above him and his legs fall open to let him wedge in between them comfortably.
"What do I gotta do-" Dean stands there with his hands behind his back as the guy explains everything to him. Eventually he's handed a paper gown, a face mask and medical glasses and soon he's running around the office like he's worked there for a while. Mostly he was just running small errands around the office and cleaning until Derek invites him to assist him in a cleaning. "Uh but I don't know anything-"
"I wish we could just be happy." For the first time- Castiel completely lets himself go. He cries- he cries hard and Dean holds him. "I'm sorry-"
Dean smiles sadly, "I get it. You probably think he's a perv-"
They don't kiss lazily afterwards or cuddle, the exhausted pair just fall asleep on the bed, keeping to themselves out of sheer exertion. The sex wasn't planned, only assuming they would mess around and make out a little but surely it was stupid to think nothing would happen. They were playing with fire and being so naive about actually getting burned.
Dean whispers, "Over here-" and peeks into the living room, the only window with the curtains wide open.
"Wha?"
Dean reached across the table to grab the lapels of the guys coat, coaxing him closer. "Shh relax-" kissing him so softly.
Castiel should have known this was coming and a part of him fucking knew it but he just wanted to be
Castiel breaks at the innocent view below him, "Sorry-" and stuffs his still hard cock back into his khakis.
Dean sighs and his eyes close when Castiel's large hand cups his face and caresses him. "Love you too."
"Cas-" he says a little louder than he meant to, "Don't make this a big deal-" but his bedroom door is closed and his step father is long gone. "Damn it-" they had just made up and it got all fucked.
"Shut up." Dean wipes his eyes a final time, "You're the reason why I'm such a girl-"
"Good, it won't be the last time you get to fuck me." he smiles, "Now, where do I come?"
As far as Dean knows his bunk mate has killed someone, at least that's what others are whispering in his ear but it's all gossip.
"Old enough-" John himself was in his mid Forties and didn't want to accidentally hook up with someone too young. His foot knocks over something that had been on the old coffee table and it scares Dean. Eventually the boy comes to peek around the corner of the hallway and his eyes grow wide when he sees them going at it like bunnies. They weren't naked but you'd think they were having sex anyway, they were humping each other like hungry animals- clawing at each other and grunting.
Before it gets too late Dean stands up, stretching out his back and yawns. "I better go-" they hug it out before he's on his merry way with the last box of his things under one arm.
As the night progresses, Robin is actually the first to leave since she is the youngest out of the group and Dean walks her out to her mothers car. They share a hug that lasts a little too long and Dean has to pull himself away, looking warily into her eyes because this behavior is a little
Dean bounces up and down slightly, getting comfortable on the mans lap. "I just go for it?" the man rests his head against the headboard behind him, facing away slightly to expose his next. "Do I bite hard or-"
Even if all the book clubs members were all women and even if they looked at him like a snack in scrubs, it was nice to have somewhere to go to now that Dean wasn't accessible to him as often. A few women in the club didn't believe he was gay and were sort of going after him because all they saw were dollar signs where his eyeballs should have been.
The boy perked to attention and looked around his room, " Would lotion work? "
"Dean, come out." the familiar voice orders.
"Give me an example of an event that causes you to self harm and if you remember, tell me how this began?"
"Kinda but isn't that the point? The thrill." Dean sighs.
His eyes can't look away because he wants nothing more than to just go over there and have sex with him again. It reminds him of the few times he used to spy on the guy touching himself way back before they had even kissed- he'd caught him a handful of times when he thought he was alone. What Castiel didn't know is that when there's a kid in the house, you never have privacy.
Castiel sets the book aside, "Thank you-" he can barely talk, his throat hurts that bad. Dean hands him the little measuring cup that came with the medicine, filled with the cherry liquid. Castiel knocks it back like a shot of something. "Ugh-"
because Dean's happiness will always come before his own. Castiel nods before getting up from his desk and brings along his paperwork with him before making the awkward walk down many hallways in order to get down to the cafeteria.
"You really don't know how good you have it with me-" now he's a little angry because the teen sounds extremely ungrateful. "Why do you even need so much money for? I pay for everything, even your truck-"
Castiel knows what
Dean blinks and a couple of tears fall which he quickly wipes away with the back of his hand, huffing "Don't be a chick-" as he gets up out of bed. If he laid there and listened to any more of his apologies he would just break down even more- unsure he'd be able to bring himself back. "I gotta go-" Dean picks up his jeans from the floor, stepping into and his eyes scan the floor for his shirt.
"I feel bad-" Dean admits, wiping his runny nose with the sleeve of his fathers jacket that he won't be using anymore thanks to this man. Castiel feels his forehead, "Not that kind of bad-"
Dean winks at his little brother and Castiel is watching their exchange, regardless if his wife was sitting in front of him or not. It's like the man only cares about Dean right now and nothing else, maybe he is falling for him or maybe he's just psychotic like everybody in here thinks. Make no mistake, everyone in the prison is thinking it.
Her folks own the diner."
"Dean. Get it together." Castiel pulls his arm away. "I'm working right now-something's going around, a lot of people are really sick-"
Dean stops biting his nails to look over at him, bitch face disappearing instantly to be replaced with a softer look. "I didn't wanna leave, alright-" his words sound tight and squeaky, like he might cry at any point. "Why can't we just be ourselves and stop friggin' hiding-" his boot kicks the dashboard in front of him gently but it was still enough to get a hard glare from his stepfather. "Sorry-"
Castiel got his hands on two bus tickets and scheduled their trip down to the very last detail, from where they would be staying and certain
"Yeah? What if he comes here Dean!"
"Are you sure you're not a girl already? You've been acting like one lately."
"Don't tell me you're crushing on her." Castiel laughs and sits up so he doesn't fall asleep again. Dean blushes, eyes on the screen. Castiel actually pouts a little bit, it stings, maybe even feeling a little betrayed. Since they got together he's never been attracted to anyone else, not even when Dean rejected him for four years. He hasn't kissed or slept with anyone but Dean in the last five.
“Because I love sex and no pretty boy is going to change that. Got it? I tried to be your boyfriend and you shut me down. And besides you let 2 months pass without contacting me or letting me know what was going on. Did you really think I would wait weeks with no hope to see if you would change your mind. How was I supposed to know you would? I already fucked someone else.”
"You don't know what this feels like." Castiel looks at his hands on his lap. "I killed someone, Dean."
There's a few moments of silence where they just look up at the full moon and enjoy it's beauty. Dean yawns loudly all of a sudden.
"What-" Castiel doesn't like that one bit, "Aren't they too old to be having sleep overs?" it's probably an innocent sleepover, but his mind is coming up with the scenario that something else will be going on in Dean's bedroom tonight.
"I'll never do it again Cas, promise." Dean says softly.
The burgers and onion rings come first, he watches them dig in and it makes him want to run away. When his milkshake and fries are set in front of him- he drinks most of the milkshake and has a few fries. He makes a mess out of the basket and moves them around so it looks like he ate more than he did- it's something he used to do as a child. He's telling a joke to bobby when his heart suddenly begins to race in his chest, something it never does unless he's playing basketball- it stops him dead mid sentence and his hand goes to rub his chest, he swallows.
men in dark alleys or in random cars, he assumed the boy did as he was told when he came home with a pocket full of cash. The men around their town loved Dean since he'd service them for a good deal and was more than eager to get down on his knees for some money. If John ever found out that his son was a little curious about men, he'd knock him into next week for being a fruitcake.
The thirty six year old sighed and carried on his business within the store after all he had to buy hair gel and body wash. When he turned a corner there he was. In the Men's hygiene aisle of the store. The nineteen year old was sitting Indian style on the floor, taking product's out of a huge box and placing them in the lowest shelf where they belonged.
"You were leaving-" he deadpans, "The door is behind you, baby-" and picks up his pen to resume working. "You know, in case you forgot where it was-"
Castiel had been worried the past few weeks with his boyfriend Dean always away on “business. Was it really business? Or was his boyfriend simply making excuses not to see him? These questions buzzed in his mind late at night while he tried to fall asleep to unreplied text messages.
Dean rolls over and pulls up his pants, "I think were done here-" he spits on his now ex friend. "Don't come back here-"
Dean's got his angry face on and just submits to his father washing him, until his soapy fingers rub between his butt cheeks- that's when he screams in that way that hurts his fathers ears, earning him a another spank. By now he's learned to stay quiet so when John's large hand is washing his front, he doesn't scream.
"Have ya seen Dean? He's not answering his phone." Bobby takes a curious look around the outside of the home, "He's been gone for hours-"
Castiel peels the teen away from him so he can look into his eyes, "Why are you asking me that?"
Dean goes to the bathroom and waits out the rest of the lunch period, once the bell rings he waits a few minutes and sneaks off to the front of the school and makes his escape. He knew Castiel didn't have permission to sign him out officially so he'd have to sneak out of the building to wait for him. Dean's pacing in front of the school thinking maybe he's not going to show up until he hears a car honking at him, he turns around and instantly runs towards the car.
He looks at her- then at the guy who wasn't Gordon after all. "Uh yea, iced coffee." She nods and skips off to grab it for him.
Dean smiled. " Be my guest princess. " he placed his hands behind his head, legs parted and watching.
Eventually Castiel finally hit the guy back. It was late and the man was drunk as usual, not like he would remember it in the morning. And he didn't remember, so he started hitting back. Only if he was drunk of course, other wise he'd remember and probably do worse than just hit him. Bruises heal after all, bones do to but it takes much longer and work is far to important to risk having that happen.
We’re in heaven"
“Hey, Cas. You’ll never guess where me and Kaia are.”
When you’re lyin’ here in my arms
Dean is getting up from the desk in his room. He’s going to the garage. He’s opening Baby’s trunk. Cas’ trenchcoat is still inside, one of them I guess, the empty took the one Cas had on at the time. Dean’s face is so sad, but he isn’t crying or anything. He’s just holding the trenchcoat, rubbing the fabric between his thumb and finger under the lapel.
"Cas..." Dean, just as he did during their last purgatory reunion, captured Cas in a big bear hug, the kind Dean so rarely offered. Unlike their last purgatory reunion, Cas returned the hug wholeheartedly.
“What do you mean? Look, I understand why you did what you did. I’m not mad. But Chuck is gone now. We have freedom for the first time, and the fact that you chose not to see me…”
Four more hours go by, and still no daisy. In fact, besides the trees and the monsters, there were no signs of life at all.
“Oh, Jack. I was reading something earlier. The Men of Letters had a whole series of texts on Nephilim. I was going through them to see if there was anything that could help us figure out Billie’s plan for you. So far there’s nothing on that, but I did see some data about Nephilim sleep schedules. I don’t think you’ve been sleeping enough. You’ve been getting, what? Two or three hours a night?”
“The words will come to you. Don’t worry. I don’t expect you to be as pretentious as Chuck. Just tell them what happens next as it comes to you.”
“If you allow me to do this, there will be no one to wake you ever again. You and the others will be at peace. You can sleep.” The empty agrees. Jack takes a number of angels and demons with him to redistribute. Some are left in the empty. The truly obedient ones. The ones that will cause problems if conscious anywhere. He leaves his father there to dream of the life they could have had together if only Lucifer had loved Jack as much as he had loved himself.
"Baby you’re all that I want
Jack pours himself a bowl of sugary cereal. Cas helps him get rid of the evidence before Sam gets back. Sam has been taking longer and longer to get back from his outings. It reminds Cas of how Sam acted when he was drinking demon blood. He wonders if he should confront Sam about the behavior, but Sam hasn’t shown any other signs of a relapse. Maybe he will just ask him what takes him so long.
Dean is smiling as much as he did as a demon. For once, he isn’t numb. He is warm and safe and happy. If he had made the deal with the empty instead of Cas, he would be in danger.
We were young and wild and free
Cas squinted his eyes against the sun setting overhead, but he didn’t need to. “You’re not offended by what I said?”
My husband came behind me-I was sitting at my computer-and kissed the top of my head.
"Dude, how did you discover all this?"
"So if you know where we could find a yellow daisy, we can be on our way." Cas cut in at the end of Dean's story partly for revenge for being cut off earlier and partly because he was always a little jealous of Benny
Jack tilts his head in a way that looks so much like Castiel that Cas wonders for a second if Jack is biologically his. It warms his heart, but the empty was specific enough to make Cas know exactly what deal he was making.
“That isn’t the only reason.” Cas adds.
Listen, buddy. You can’t stay.
“Yes, Sam. I’ll try it.”
"Dean. Please be quiet. We are still in purgatory, and we do not know whose shed we are infiltrating. It could be anything."
Bobby built heaven with Jack’s power and from the ground up. John and Mary are there,  but they rarely come out of the little house Bobby built for them. They have everything they ever wanted in each other.
Cas tries to clean a different room each night. Tonight, he starts with some paper towels and a multi-surface cleaner. He wipes off the map table. Then he sweeps and mops until the floor is spotless. He gathers some books that Sam left out and sorts through them leaving some in stacks while others are returned to their shelves. Once he finishes that, he goes to Jack’s room to start on his laundry. Magical cleanliness is apparently not a power of the Nephilim. He actually has to wash his clothes and shower to keep up appearances. However, Jack isn’t allowed to use the washing machine after he ruined some clothes in the very old 1940s style washer. Cas doesn’t mind doing Jack’s laundry. Sometimes Jack helps in other ways. He can run mop water, and he will take out the trash if Cas asks him, something Sam and Dean NEVER do.
Sam has the courtesy to lie. “Yeah. I was just getting ready to go on a run.”
“I don’t know what you’re dreaming about.” Cas learned long ago, the hard way, that privacy is one of the most important facets of free will. It is one of the many lessons Dean has taught him over the years. Having privacy for the first time, away from his brothers and sisters, showed Cas the value of free thought. “I only said I took away your nightmares. You sleep scrunched into a tight ball at night, Dean. I hover one hand above your head, and you relax. You deserve restful sleep.”
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
She changes the subject. “How’s Ken doll and the moose?”
"A daisy? Michael sent us to purgatory for something we could grab from the department store for five bucks?"
“I’d rather not talk about it, Jack. It doesn’t make any difference.”
There was a flash, and I heard Kansas playing.
It’s a gift. You keep those.
Dean stood by a second. “This is normally the part where you push me down and a cosmic entity drags your ass to turbo hell.”
“Sam and Dean always spoke well of you. I trust your judgment.”
“Mhm.”
Sam finishes his glass of water and puts in his ear buds. He waves goodbye to Cas on his way out of the kitchen. Cas returns to his place at the table and pulls his walkman out once again. He starts the tape from the beginning with Ramble On, Dean’s professed number one favorite.
Jack disappeared then. The document on my computer was blank. I’ve now been typing for an hour and nothing has come to me yet. I’m tempted to make something up, but I don’t think that is what Jack was going for. He seemed to have a real plan, and maybe if I-
We’ve been down that road before
Castiel looks around the kitchen, taking in the sight of his family. Dean gets up briefly to make some toast but sits back down right next to Cas, their knees knocking together under the table. Sam already has a book out and sips his coffee, making a face as he burns himself with it. Jack is reading knock-knock jokes from his phone, and Dean laughs every time even though they aren’t funny. Cas recalls what Jack said to him last night.
Jody says she knows someone in the area. She is going to give them a call! Dean isn’t going on the case! He is in his room filling out job forms! Miracle is behind him lapping water from his water bowl.
I Love You.
10:30 pm
“Here. This might be easier.” Jack crossed around the side of the desk and put two fingertips to my forehead. I had visions flood through me, visions of Sam and Dean with so many different people. I saw Jack’s story, how he was born and Sam, Dean, and Cas raised him like their own. Everything that happened from the end of Chuck’s books to that moment swarmed in my head, even the parts I was there for. Then I saw Sam and Dean, smiling and bloody standing over Chuck and Jack taking his power away. When the visions cleared, I remembered Chuck’s finale written on the computer in front of me.
"That asshole." Dean grabbed the seeds. "Was this Michael's plan? Hey dickhead!" Dean shouted at nothing, "We don't have time for these games!"
Cas looked guilty but held Dean’s gaze. Dean threw his gun on the bed and wiped at his eyes. “You came in here to watch me sleep?”
"I said we were gonna solve two problems. Now what's goin' on with you and the angel."
“You should go upstairs and tell Sam that. You leaving really hurt him.” Jack vanished. In another part of the bunker he greeted Sam and they embraced. They spoke briefly about Jack’s plans, but Jack is informing me he wants to wait to reveal some of those. He wants me to reveal them as he does them. Sam hands Jack a journal, much like John Winchester’s, only this one is blank. Jack doesn’t need it to organize his thoughts, but he feels like the sentiment alone is enough to make him write in it.
A few minutes later, the flower bloomed a bright yellow.  Dean plucked it from the soil, wrapped it in a cloth, and stowed the flower carefully  in his pocket.
"And where are we supposed to find the stupid thing?"
Sam feels his eyelids tug. Sighing deeply, he closes the book and goes to the Bunker’s kitchen. “Goodnight; I’m heading to bed.”
"Cas, you idiot." Dean absentmindedly prayed. "If we don't find you soon, we will have to leave without you. Is this the "moving on" you had in mind? Well if this is your idea of leaving, then you really are stupid. Chuck's ending will have to wait, because the world can't end like this. I'm going to keep coming back here until I find you. You're my family, Cas. I'm sorry if I've been a dick, but you should know better than to run away."
You keep me comin’ back for more"
“Cas, why were you sneaking into my room in the middle of the night? You know who does that? Stalkers. Crazy people.”
Okay this feels weird. I’m seeing Dean and Sam. Like the visions from earlier but I think this is in real time? Sam is going for a jog and Dean is hugging Miracle. The montage of their morning routine is just like Chuck had it before. Now they’re getting pie. Sam smashes Dean’s face with pie. Same as before. Skipping a bit.
"Me neither. I'll head back with y'all. I just gotta pack up a few things." Benny laughed heartily and put an arm around Dean and the other around Cas. "I can't believe you're still alive. And still together." He looked at Cas. "Glad to see that year we spent looking for you wasn't wasted."
Meg simply tilted her head and grinned right back at Crowley's honeyed smile. "Funny hearing that from the guy who hasn't shut up about
"Dean. Stop your car." Cas's low voice startled Dean, even though he had been expecting it. He obeyed without thinking, pulling over to the shoulder.
Dean looked uncomfortable with entering the house, but Sam swung open the door and walked in. "Dad isn't home, guys."
This is the end of this story. As of now, I'm changing the title to "Light 'Em Up."
If he went to the bathroom, someone was always right outside. Usually it was Sam...and that wasn't too awkward, given that he was his brother. But when it was Ellen or Bobby, he just wanted them to leave him alone. He wasn't going to do anything. But it made him really anxious, and he did not enjoy that sensation.
Bobby was washing dishes when Dean made his way downstairs. Dean tried to make it past him without being noticed, but Bobby turned around. "Where you off to?" he asked.
-----
So that was the game. Don’t acknowledge the obvious. Cas kept as much anger and concern out of his voice as he could. “He is certainly going to go far.” He leaned in and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s swollen, cut ones. “Come on, let’s go. One more year in here won’t kill you.” He pulled back and stared right into Dean’s gorgeous green eyes. He wasn’t going to pursue the subject of the bruising. But he saw fear enter Dean’s eyes.
Dean rolled his eyes and heaved a deep sigh. His teachers knew. Today was going to be hell after all. "Yes, Ms. Bradbury?" he said as he reached her desk. This was the first time he had ever seen the desk up close, and it was awesome. He found himself staring at the different Pop! Vinyl figures she had on her desk, ranging from Game of Thrones characters to Star Wars characters to Lord of the Rings characters. When he looked back up at her face, she was grinning.
"Dean, I love you. Please."
He stretched, arching his back, and checked his phone again, in case he had missed a text. There was not a message waiting, so he slipped his phone into his pocket and went downstairs. Gabriel was waiting in the kitchen, a frown on his face as he dished out a bowl of fruit salad. “Hi, Cassie. Care for some fruit salad? I managed to get some Cool Whip into it.” His tone was flat.
There was nothing Dean wanted more than to climb out the window after Sam. He had dreamed about it often enough, although of course he would never have considered leaving his father seriously. You don't bail on family. Dean chuckled bitterly. How this loyalty was being rewarded. He placed his backpack on his shoulders and hoisted his duffel and Sam's suitcase, then took one last look around what had been his room.
Castiel chuckled. “I would greatly enjoy some fruit salad, Gabriel.” He took the offered bowl and started eating while staring at the doorway for Michael and his father to walk through. He was halfway through the bowl when his father entered, followed closely by his older brother. Each of them took a bowl of fruit salad and ate it silently.
Sam grinned. “Well, Jessica Moore wanted my phone number, so that’s something.” He happily went on about Jessica, and Dean sank back into the couch, listening intently. A smile rested on his face.
"What about Sam?"
"Honestly, I have no idea, but at this point, I do not care a bit. He abandoned all of us. If he had decided that suddenly he deserves forgiveness, he can handle me having a boyfriend."
Dean and Cas turned around at the sudden noise. They had been shoving clothes into a suitcase, it looked like. John beat at the door behind Sam. “DON’T YOU DARE—EVER TALK ABOUT HER!”
Ellen fired a single shot, and Jody fell to the ground, clutching at her right shoulder, the gun fallen at her side. Ellen ran over, kicked the gun away, and then knelt beside Bobby. He had taken the bullet in the chest, but he was still breathing.
At this point, reader feedback will start to drive. If there are characters you want to see, I can accommodate those wishes now. I'm really not sure where to go from here...
Castiel's eyes softened slightly in response to that, and Lucifer knew it was due to relief. He wanted badly to shatter that relief and force Castiel to keep going, but her knew it wouldn't help. Besides, Lucifer was hungry. So he let them go upstairs, knowing the Rolston would take care of business below.
Practically as soon as Dean and Sam stepped foot inside the high school, they both were called to the upstairs office. Dean was used to the school's eerie timing at that point, so he continued on, totally unfazed with Sam at his side. Neither of them said a word. They walked a little closer to one another than usual. Sam wasn't letting any emotion show in his stride or face, and Dean pulled strength from that. He knew Sam should have been taking strength from Dean, and he was ashamed at his weakness.
Dean's mind often went down dangerous paths, but Cas had always been able to bring him back. Now, Cas wasn't even available to talk to. He was gone, no way to contact him. Dean considered trying to talk to Sammy, but he knew he would only damage his brother further by confiding in him. Sam deserved to be at peace with himself. Instead, he decided to write a letter.
Dean flushed a deep red and spluttered, "Mom! We're going to be with his family. Holy crap."
"And the number. It's on a little piece of paper in my skinny jeans' pocket." Lucifer sounded strained.
Castiel watched multiple expressions cross over his father's face, but it finally settled on a decent amount of concern. "A problem?"
She pointed the gun at Ellen. The
“Castiel is, I believe, and from their names, I assume all of them go.” Jess shrugged. “Is that what I should tell Miss Bradbury?”
>>Text me after class, then. Please.
“Oh Sammy, you didn’t.” Dean sounded almost disappointed, but Sam knew the tone was fear. Dean was leaving him alone in this house, and Sam knew he wasn’t happy about it. He would never be okay with leaving Sam with John. It didn’t help that Sam had brought up Mom right before Dean was going to leave.
Gabriel gasped softly and looked their father square in the eye. "We are leaving. We have to." Without waiting for a response, he led Castiel out the door. When Castiel looked back, he saw their father staring after them, but there was no anger on his face. There was only concern. Castiel was pleasantly surprised by this, but that sensation was swiftly drowned out when his phone rang as they got in the car.
Gabriel must have picked up on the chill in Castiel's tone, because he responded with, "He wanted to make sure we were all right, Cassie. He does care about us, you know." Cas snorted quietly, and Gabriel sighed. "I didn't tell him what happened, Cassie. You can tell him when you have a mind to. But I do hope that's soon."
“Yeah, we’re moving,” Ellen said, and Bobby heard it echo in his ear. They could all communicate with each other…that was nice.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam, we should be worrying. This is not something to ignore.”
The sheriff left the room, and Castiel sat in the chair for a moment to figure out what he was going to do next. Hopefully they would not find John before he could take care of him.
He recalled the look on his brother's face when he was reacting to seeing Dean alive. He reminded himself that Sam had said Dean's death would hurt him. He reminded himself that his own pain was nothing. So when Ellen had her outburst, he responded with "Yes, ma'am," and went to lay back down.  He looked at her face just in case she needed something else before he tuned the world out again,  ut she just looked at the room and wiped a tear from her eye before turning and leaving Dean to be once again alone with his thoughts.
Miss Bradbury… “Charlie Bradbury?” The name sounded vaguely familiar. A face swam before her eyes, and she recognized it. “Dear God. Jess, I need your phone.”
“Sammy, come on. You need to get out of here,” Dean said as calmly as he was capable. Castiel could hear the quaver in his voice. “Let’s go.”
Sam shook his head and stood. Dean rose as well and blocked Sam’s path out of the living room. Castiel could not see Sam’s face, but Dean was obviously trying to talk him out of something. Then John walked back in, a glass of something (probably whiskey) in his hand. Briefly. He swallowed its contents and threw the cup. Sam dodged, and Castiel ran into the house.
Dean was bleeding from his nose and several lacerations on his face. His green eyes met Sam’s, and he shook his head. He lay prone on the floor, John holding him down. But as Sam yelled, John rose and stared with bloodshot eyes at Sam.
“Cas has him, Sam. Cas has him.” Sam shook his head, but that was painful, so he stopped. Maybe Cas was a good guy again, maybe he was just waiting for the opportunity to be able to hurt them again. Sam didn’t know. All Sam knew was that Alistair and Azazel were dead. They had another chance to make it out. Sam would see Jess again, sleep in his own bed, and go back to school just fine.
Jess talked about her art class and its new focus on sculpture instead of painting. "Actually, we're supposed to sculpt a bust for our homework. Everyone is bringing in photos of people they admire tomorrow." She turned and dug around in her bag, coming out with a digital camera. "Do you mind?"
He scrambled out of bed, then realized just how grateful he was that he always wore sweatpants to bed. "Leave so I can get dressed."
Castiel shook his head, though he knew Dean could not see it. "Nothing will. And if it does, we can leave."
Cas saw the honey-colored hair and made a beeline for Dean at his locker, treading as softly as he could through the crowded school hallway. “Hello, Dean.”
A collective sigh of relief swept through the room, and Sam leaned over and hugged him. "Thank you," he said, under his breath.
It took too long to be over. The second they returned home, Castiel yanked his phone from his pocket and took a look. One missed call from Dean. No voicemail. Castiel swallowed back his rising panic and very calmly hit the return call button.
Charlie nodded to herself. Three people…she was fairly certain she had enough working button cams and earpieces, though she wasn’t positive. “All right, I’ll run home, get the equipment set up, and meet you at the restaurant. Where are you at?”
“But Sam, I don’t think he did.” When Dean said that, Bobby, Ellen, and Sam all stared at him in disbelief. “No note, and he was hanged? That’s not Dad. Dad would have written a note for you, and he would have shot himself. I’m almost positive.”
Thanks to
He hung up and sprinted down the stairs, very nearly tripping on the second step. "Gabriel!" he yelled as he ran. His brother jumped up from the couch as Castiel entered the living room, shaking his head almost imperceptibly. Castiel stopped abruptly, breathing heavily. He did not say a word, as Gabriel seemed to be warning him of something.
.............................................................................................................................................................................
But he couldn't help sneaking glances over at his brother. Had Azazel been lying? Had Dean really said that? He couldn't imagine his big brother saying something like that, but what if something worse was going to happen if he didn't? One of the times he glanced at Dean, he saw Dean's green eyes fixed on him.
Lucifer could see it on his face. His blue eyes filled with tears and he made a choked noise. Sam was yelling his brother's name, and Castiel looked between them before finally breaking and running over to Dean, shoving Alastair aside. "You bastard!" he yelled, glaring at Lucifer with death in his eyes.
He blinks the tears away that want to come but don't and turns the page, this one read-
"I know when I've got it good-" they stand up at once because it was time to head back inside, "-and I've got it good."
"Don't touch me-" he tells a nurse who tries to examine him. "-I said don't touch me!" he pushes her and she gets scared, leaving the room instantly.
Bobby frowns, "Boy you better get to bed, you were out all day." Dean and Castiel look at each other, "Go on, Dean." The teen hauls himself up from the couch and goes to his room without another word. "Know you love him and all, but ya gotta start settin' some rules. Make him do some chores and whatnot. Make him help out round' here."
Castiel pulls away after a while, "Can I bite you?" his voice is filled with hidden lust. The boy gives his approval and has him lay down flat on his back on the couch before gently turning the boys head to the side to expose his pale neck. "Are you sure?" he's given approval once again so he bends down over the small body, biting the milky soft flesh gently.
"I told him I needed cash because I made a mistake that cost my uncle a lot of money." he blinks away the tears. "He was nice-he offered to hire me for a job."
"Get that away!" Bobby yells, pushing him and the popping hot pan away- "Tryna burn me or wut?" Dean shrugs, putting a few slices of bread in the toaster. "Why you so happy?" his uncle watches him move around the kitchen, the aura around him is light as air today. "You have sex or somethin'-"
Dean didn't say yes or no, just smiled. Leaving it up completely to him if he wanted to show or not. Castiel, with trembling fingers reached inside his black briefs to pull out his dick. "This is mine."
"Bobby still up?" He looks over to the hallway.
He was completely alone, aside from chatting with Robin for a minute or two in passing when he asked for the salt or a refill on his soda.
Dean peeks up at him, those pretty green eyes looking through his long lashes have the man almost growling like an animal. He pops off to say, "Better hurry up, Cas-" and wipes away his mouth with his sleeve really quickly. "Don't have a lot of time-"
Castiel pulls away, his thumb tracing the teens stubble. "This is new-" and the tone of his voice sounds neither excited nor sad about this.
Dean looks up to meet his eyes, willing himself to calm down. "Yea, I know-" but a tear manages to still roll down his cheek. "Why doesn't she want me-" the older man shrugs somberly because he's got no answer for him this time.
"Shh-" he soothes while kissing the teens cheek to help calm him relax because he looked pretty pissed off about coming so quick.
"Growing up is scary-" Dean's breath stutters, "-and it fucking hurts."
Castiel must have cried into his pillow for what felt like twenty minutes before falling asleep. Dean heard something going on in his fathers bedroom but he just assumed they were arguing again. People do argue after all, he'd witnessed his parents fighting all the time so he wasn't able to recognize red flags, much less alarm bells going off right in front of him.
They chat longer at the table, while Bobby and Castiel drink a glass of whiskey while Dean has some coffee and a second slice of the cherry pie. It doesn't take long, maybe another half hour before Bobby is excusing himself to bed because the second glass of whiskey just hit. They weren't given any instruction to not do
"Wood." Dean rasped. "Please don't make this awkward." Lightning flashed outside, lighting the room up enough so he could see Castiel biting his bottom lip. Dean groaned, "You're going to get me in trouble aren't you..."
Dean looks over his shoulder at his father, eyes boring into the older mans brown eyes in confusion but sudden pleasure. "Dad-" he says breathlessly, "Daddy-" then his head is shoved into the mattress until he has a second orgasm without meaning too.
Castiel practically growls before manhandling him onto his stomach, lifting up only his ass. "Take a shower?" Dean nods quickly and he dives in, devouring the teens pink hole. "Love this cute butt-" he spanks it.
Cas-" rough lips are kissing lower, and lower. "We
"That's what I'm going to do but if I'm found guilty somehow-" he stops talking again, looking over at the teenager next to him. "-but in case something happens to me-" Dean nods, listening. "-you should know that I opened a bank account for you a few years ago. Every month I deposit some money into that account for you. I'll give you the information when we get home, but be careful with the money. I don't want you blowing it on stupid things, it's to help you get by."
The two for one orgasm takes him by surprise and it has him moaning a little too loudly and he's left panting, eyes focused on his locked door and hoping there won't be a knock on it.
Castiel falls gently on the table and is heaving and twitching all over, still moaning softly every few seconds because he's struggling to come down from the orgasm.
Brady looks around to make sure no ones there, "You wanna?" he gestures towards the back door- Dean nods. Once they exit through the back door Brady turns around, "Got your spark plug right here-" he takes out his lighter and Deans puts the thinly rolled joint between his soft lips- his friend lights it up and he inhales slowly.
"That's a boner." Sam laughs into his hand. "I get them every morning-"
Dean leans back and pulls
"What are you going to do-" Castiel's voice is shaky and he loves it. "Don't cut me, or burn me-"
"Love you-" he whispers almost inaudibly.
Dean shrugs and did what he always did, cover for John. "Don't feel good-that my bed?" he says, looking over at the large men unloading the mattress and the frame. Dean must have not looked too roughed up because Castiel didn't fuss over him like always. Maybe he didn't love him anymore- those thoughts swirled in his mind like a whirlpool as he watched the two large men assemble his bed in his bedroom- they took his old bed away afterwards. He spent all day in his room, Castiel didn't bother him for anything, not even to eat.
"Dean, language." Castiel used his grown up voice.
Dean sighs heavily, "Man, just go home-" and the teen nods his head before walking over to his car. Once the elder teens car disappears from view, he makes his way next door to apologize for the roaches.
Dean looks up at him, "Bobby's gonna find out. It's just a matter of time-" Castiel sits down, being careful not to sit too close. "He's gonna figure it out and he's gonna shoot you-"
"You're a psychopath." Castiel comments and the teenager laughs instead of getting offended. Bobby listens to their banter in silence as he measures the window for it's replacement. "Thanks Bobby, for helping me out-"
"You're right baby." Castiel kisses Dean's hand before making the drive home.
They were supposed to be having lunch but since neither one of them were hungry, coffee and pastry were the only things they purchased. The teen takes a bite of his stale brownie even though he'd much rather be having pie and the older man sips his coffee while scribbling away on his documents.
“Dean...I need you. “ He sobbed into the phone, “Come back.” and pressed  the end call button. Castiel wasn’t expecting a call back, but he had to try. Dean was his boyfriend, he could go by his house and see once and for all if he was there. He just couldn’t.
Dean nods quickly, "Yea-" and finally the back screen door slams shut meaning Bobby came inside the house. "You done?!" he calls out a bit too loudly.
"Oh my-" Castiel groans, "fuck-" he brings Dean's head off his cock, enough so Dean can look at him. Dean winces, his hair still in the man's grasp.
Of course he always intended on adopting him and it would probably be the right thing to do instead of
Castiel stands up briefly to shut off the water before crouching down again, "And why's that sweetheart?-"
The cop sips his on the soda Robin just brought him, "I wanted to talk to you about something." Dean nods, eating his fries in silence. "But first I wanted to say that I'm sorry to hear about your dad-"
he asks, "What about Chuck? is he still working at the hospital?"
Dean doesn't eat the meat patty, just the apple. Once that's done, he gets up to go back to his cell when the guard shoves him back. "Can't leave until lunch is over-"
It pisses him off because he wanted to share the bed with him, regardless of their relationship status. "Shut up-" Castiel groans, "Coming here was a bad idea." the teen doesn't say anything, just plays with the lid on his soda. "You don't even love me anymore-" he shakes his head before getting up and going to the kitchen to make a few sandwiches, knowing he must be starved.
Dean wakes before Castiel, he props himself up on his elbow, looking down at the man. He starts tracing his fingers along Castiel's collar bone, along his Adam's apple, along the stubble on his face.
"Bobby will never let us-"
But Dean was different, he wanted love. It was the whole reason he enjoyed reading so much, the joy of getting lost in other peoples love stories. He was in the midst of his own love story and he didn't know what to do- if it could even be called love. Perhaps it was easier to scare Dean away than to tell him he didn't want him anymore, and that's the conclusion he settles on because he's always felt unlovable. But that's just his fathers voice talking in his head and he believes every word, every single time.
"Shit-" he curses anxiously because he was supposed to have two days to mentally prepare himself. "You gonna stay there with me this time?"
"You're outside." the teen points out. "I'm Jack, I live over there-" he points to a house down the street. "I moved here last month."
Dean cuts him off, feeling his own dick starting to fatten up in his boxers. "Okay!"
Castiel scratches at his stubble, "It can wait-" and gives the body builder in the room another glance before leaving them alone once again. He'd come to give Dean his weekly vitamin injection, but didn't want to do it front of this guy.
The man looks away as if trying to hide the blush on his face, "They do not-"
Castiel smiles, prepping Dean's arm - "I don't just put people to sleep, Dean." he inserts the needle into his arm gracefully, it doesn't even hurt by the look on Dean's face. "I was a nurse first." he winks at him when he looks up from what hes doing, switching tubes as the blood fills each one. "All done."
"You're a bottom aren't you!" he hisses, pointing his finger at him.
He gulps, he gulps because Castiel sounds so hot right now. "Had to take Robin to the store."
"Listen Cas, as much as I wanna talk to ya- I'm beat."
Castiel drives around town mindlessly for almost two hours before heading back to the house. He hates himself for feeling something he shouldn't be feeling and he's decided to move out and break up with John Winchester. He is not sick, and he is not a pervert so he has to leave them both before anything happens- not that it ever would. Castiel cares about Dean Winchester way to much to hurt him in any kind of way. It's safer if he just packs up his things and goes.
Dean smiles softly, "I'm sorry-" Castiel looks instantly confused, "-for Charlie."
"Pretty much-" Bobby nods, leaning back against the couch comfortably now that his belly is full of gooey pizza. "Before you two moved here, we used to talk on the phone all the time. At least every other day-" Castiel nods, "He'd tell me about his dad, and his friends at school. He'd talk about you too-"
Castiel's pulling up to his house when he sees the teenager sitting on his porch steps.
" Wha-No-I'm not- " He couldn't form a sentence right now, he was still in a blissed out kissing mind state.
Castiel undresses right in front of him and goes to lay in bed. Once hes laying down, he pours what little ice cream is left onto his skin. Mostly on his chest and stomach, some on his thighs. "Don't look at me like that, you know what you need to do." Hes about to come closer when Castiel says, "Ah-ah- get out of those clothes first."
"Good boys!" he finally gives everyone a smile. "Alright let's pack it up!" all the boys follow him to the locker room, both Sam and Dean begin to change back into their regular clothes. Dean always hated this part, luckily he had a tall friend who sort of blocked him from view of all the other boys.
Castiel takes another lager sip of beer, mostly to fill the awkwardness. The tension is thick in the air and it's suffocating. "I don't know what you mean." he ends up saying stupidly. "Dean and I are just close-I'm all he's had for years."
Castiel moans, "Fuck me-" their eyes meet. "I wanna get fucked, right now-" the words are rushed before he's reaching into the nightstand for the lube. "Will you fuck me, please?"
Dean is pissed, until the mans eyes become glossy and a tears rolls down his face "Okay, Cas-" he steps closer. "Okay-" then pulls him down for a hug.
even if it's true- the excuse makes him want to punch him in the nose again. Maybe he does have some anger problems, only
Castiel yanks him towards the bed by his wrist and gives him a hard spank. "Very-"
"It's not worth it." Dean shrugs, Castiel's heart does that sinking thing that makes him have to go to the bathroom once again but he doesn't dare go. "Therapy is actually working-" he shrugs again with a broken smile. "For the first time, I'm seeing things clearly and I don't need to hit you for what you did." the words surprise them both. The old Dean Winchester would have beat him up by now, or try to do so at least.
The teen must have been lost in thought for a short moment because now more than just his boots have been taken off his body. Now he's laying on his back and fully nude- Castiel had a talent for getting him naked without him really knowing when it happened.
Castiel blinks in surprise, tilting his head to the side in wonder. "You love me?" he doesn't buy it, but the fact that the man is holding his hand in public- in broad daylight is convincing him that it might just be true, though John's only doing it because there's currently no one else at the park. He nods and Castiel wants to say it back, though what he feels for the man does feel a lot like love- it's mostly lust, mixed with extreme loneliness and insecurity. "I love-" he can't finish his sentence because the man kisses him.
"Dean-" there's a warning to his tone. "Behave-"
"Right-" Castiel swallows dryly, hiding the extreme pain he was in.
Dean opens up one of the links his teachers sent him so he could catch up, "Probably algebra-" he says honestly. Castiel watches the two teens interact from across the diner while they study. They look like two friends, which makes him happy. "Robin-" he says once they're done studying an hour later. "The kiss I gave you, sorry about that."
Bobby gets up and puts his dirty dishes in the sink that earlier had pancakes on them, "He's next door-" and he's off to go see Castiel- still in his slippers. "Dean!" he calls after him but he's already running. He gets there in less than three minutes and the front door to the large white house is wide open- including the screen door.
That makes the boy smile before they begin chatting about other things while they eat, like Sam and how they met when they were really little. The way he talks so passionately about Sam -or
It must have been at least a few years later before Tommy actually came to visit him in prison to tell him off, or so he thinks.
"Now that's what I like to hear-" John smiles before lighting a cigarette right there in bed.
Derek nods, not believing him for a second. "Dean, if someone is hurting you-" he sighs, "-I want you to know that you can trust me."
For year's Sammy and I have had to live out of our car and motel rooms. I won't admit it but the day we moved into this damn bunker was one of the best days of my life, I was in my early thirties and I just couldn't be living the way I used to. I'm standing in the middle of my bedroom after a hunt, looking around at the concrete walls. It's the only bedroom I can call home.
Bobby hesitates but he says it anyway, "Is it because he loves you?"
"Not yet-" Dean wipes his tears on the back of his hand, still hugging the backpack against his chest for dear life.
Castiel rushes over to lift the boys shirt in fear that maybe his appendix had burst because his mind goes to dark places right away. After all he'd seen plenty of kids come into the ER with this complaint many times before. His expert fingers press gently over several areas in his abdomen before the boy whimpers loudly. "I think I should take you to the hospital-"
Dean's eyes water even though It's only two weeks max but it will feel like forever. "She'll never start." he bites his nails as he thinks about his car-
it's what he needs sometimes.
"Not yet-" Castiel orders as he rearranges himself over the boy, guiding his cock into the hole he loves. "-breathe baby." Dean breathes in as the thick cock enters his hole, "That's a good boy-" he coos, making Dean lose his mind with need.
"I'm sorry baby-" he whispers before kissing the teen on the lips again, pouring as much love into it as he can. Dean whimpers into his mouth, allowing their tongues to meet. When he pulls away he's panting yet still manages to tell him, "I love you, do you understand me?" Dean nods, panting himself-both of them are hard as a rock under the thin bed sheets that cover the lower half of their bodies. "No matter what I do or say, I don't want you to ever think I don't love you. I would never willingly leave you, not if I can help it-" he presses a quick kiss to his lips. "-I'd move heaven and earth for you if I could."
"Will you be my boyfriend?" he asks softly.
The day he got that phone call from Castiel himself was the day his life would change because finally Dean was coming to him.
"Dean-" Castiel stands, "I still don't want you going alone-"
Once inside the home he heads straight for the bedroom a little too aware that it's almost midnight. In the middle of peeling off his disgusting scrubs, the mechanic shuts the television off before asking him where the hell he'd been tonight.
"Nah-" Dean shrugs, looking up at him. "I know I've put you through a lot-" he blinks away the tears. "-so I'm givin' you this one, Cas. Just this one-" the older man nods, like a scolded child.
angel, I hugged him. I didn't care anymore...I've held back for eleven years. If Cas had been in a woman's vessel, I would've made a move a long time ago. It shouldn't matter that he's holed up in a body that used to belong to that accountant, Jimmy Novak. But I am relieved, that Jimmy made it to heaven to be with Amelia. Only if I could be so lucky, Heaven won't want me and it sure as hell won't want Cas. I'm sure Sam would get in, no problem.
His uncle peeks his head in, "Need anything before I turn in?"
"It means if anyone is getting into trouble, it's her." he swallows loudly, "But I'm not going to relax just yet-" he listens carefully. "Dean, are you smoking?"
"You didn't eat today did you."
It started off with the teen coming over every night for dinner or just randomly to spend some time together. Somehow this turned into there being two of everything in the home, like an extra toothbrush near the sink or the extra pair of slippers in the closet.
"John?" he calls out, "Dean?" sure enough the impala wasn't in the driveway, only his car which he didn't have the keys to yet. "Dean?" he calls out again, checking his bedroom. It was empty and the bed was still made from this morning.
Dean hesitates before answering, "Not exactly-" looks away. "I buy the groceries and pay off a few bills before he gets the chance to see em' coming in the mail-" they make eye contact. "Being a grown up sucks-" there's a certain twinge of sadness there, like getting a taste of adult responsibility was making him think twice about growing up as if he had the option not to.
"Because-" he's nervous to say anything because he's most likely wrong about his suspicion. He has to be wrong. "-there's a girl in my class at church-" he pauses for a few seconds, he's got the mans attention. "-her name is Claire." Castiel looks at him, no emotion. "She's blonde and has blue eyes. Like yours-"
While Dean talks and laughs with his friend, Castiel gives him a loving look of adoration from where he stands with Bobby on the porch. Dean always smiles and looks away before his friend can see. Robin shows up next, practically jumps into Dean's arms when they hug hello but it's not like he minds the affection and it would always be
"What!" he hisses.
"Daddy-" Dean tries again, "Can I be little again? I don't wanna grow up."
"Yes because you're full of shit." Castiel smiles and it earns him a punch to the arm, it feels so good to be home. To be able to joke around like this because he doesn't know when it all might end- it could end
"Then I see no reason to get the authorities involved, if something happened after you turned eighteen- well, I wouldn't be able to do much about that would I-" she smiles, he nods in agreement. "Tell me how it began-" she gets comfortable in her chair, waiting for the story.
Castiel is trying to open the box the Christmas tree came in with his keys, until the teen hands him his pocket knife and it was much easier to open then. "Help me decorate, please?" his smile is almost contagious and they end up assembling the obviously fake tree in the corner of the living room. "This is fun-" he comments eventually once the tree is starting to look a little more festive.
After the house is as spotless as it can get and after a quick shower, the mechanic is sneaking in to his sons room and gets under the covers. Dean whimpers sweetly in his sleep, having not felt the hot body of his father laying next to him, at least not until he feels something grinding up against his butt. Dean opens his eyes and looks over his shoulder, whining loudly in defiance.
Dean's taking his time walking down the dirt road and on a whim, deciding to head down even further to see if he can find Derek's house. His hands are stuffed in his jeans pockets as he passes Bobby's house, all the way until he comes across an even older farmhouse that he'd never quite noticed before.
"Well...don't get too used to it." Castiel says in a sad tone.
Castiel listened quietly as he told his entire life story, eventually saying "I had no idea. I'm sorry about your wife."
Dean so much. They're family and they need to hash it out on their own, without his help. By the time Dean comes back to him by the front door, he's biting his nails anxiously.
it happened so easily. It's so hard to tell sometimes if he wants a loving father, or if he wants a boyfriend. Why can't he just have
"I know what I'm doing." When Castiel is sure Dean is about to come in his pants, he pulls down his jeans to his ankles,"Not yet. You'll come when I say." Dean whines agressively, he turns him over onto his stomach so that his exposed ass is in the air. He slaps his ass hard. Dean grunts in protest, "You know you deserved that." the tipsy boy nods his head wearily.
Dean whimpers in frustration because he's trying to be brave and shove it inside, but it's not looking like it's going to happen or maybe he's to scared to really put some effort into it. "It's too big-" his words are spoken softly.
"Mechanic-" John takes a wing.
"I made a mistake, alright-" the words are spoken softly into the silent bedroom.
Dean reaches inside the box to find a small bottle of lube he hadn't noticed before and pours some on his fingertips. "Like this?" his hand reaches between his legs, and rubs near his hole, not really hitting the mark at first and then finds his target. "Agh-" a soft moan is exhaled from his parted lips, "S'cold-"
Castiel blinks away the dirty image that popped up into his mind. "Morning, Ready to go?" The teenager nods, shoving a few more spoonfuls of cereal into his mouth before getting up. "See you tomorrow Bobby-" he smiles at the bearded man.
"Oh my God, Dean-" She cries out, smile on her face.
"Damn it, Cas. I said I'm fine." He shoves a fork-full of pie into his mouth.
Dean tries to take the cigarette from the older man but he pulls it away, "Ah ah-" and the cigarette is placed between his lips instead. "I get to light it-" the teen nods and the man pulls out a lighter from his pocket, lighting the cigarette. "Inhale-" and he wants to roll his eyes because he knows how to fucking smoke. Unfortunately, it's been a while and inhaling makes him cough.
Castiel wondered if he had gone to the gym tonight. He decided to mind his own business and attend to customer's instead of letting his eye's wander off to Mr.Winchester in the produce section.
Dean bites his lip, he sighs. He's actually pretty horny- that video he took a while ago and just now had the courage to send it to the guy. His dick is hard too.
“I wasn’t manipulating him.” Castiel bites out.
He presses a hand to the source, his nose and grunts as he feels blood escaping.
“Did you also know that he says he’s always been in love with his Dean.” Dean chooses his words carefully. He doesn’t want to scare Cass off and have him get lost in this world. Logically, they should wait until they’re back home, but when they get home, they have to face Chuck. And Dean keeps waiting and waiting and the world never allows them a moments respite.
What if it doesn’t work?
Dean ogles the waitress in typical Winchester fashion and orders burgers, pie and beer.
Dean is having a pretty steamy dream, when he hears his door creak open. He tries to grasp the tendrils of the fast fading dream but to no avail.
Cass’ only response is to stick his tongue down his throat.
“It’s like the baby sitter and the pizza man. Some people are into spanking and others are just into role play.”
He wants to believe Dean. But-
“He had two slices.” Castiel says.
Sam is dead.
They eat in silence for a while, just soaking in the other’s presence.
He follows Crowley into a room filled with greens plants of all sizes. They tremble and shudder uncontrollably as he enters the room. Great. A demon who traumatises plants.
He grips his silver knife, ready to lunge at the slightest movement.
In any case, he’s still too caught up in Dean’s reaction to his kiss. To hear that it hadn’t been real had been harrowing, but hearing that it did something to
Licking his lips, he reaches for the bottle of Jack from under the bed. Something brushes his hand making him pull back sharply. Flicking on the light he looks forlornly at the beige trench-coat lying on his floor. It brings up the thought that the angel is somewhere, basically naked. But worse than that, it reminds him of their night together how free he felt during and even a bit after. Freedom. Something he’d always wanted but could never have.
Dean looks between them, yup, everything in this world is inverted.
He knows that Crowley should be back yet. But Castiel had been expecting some sort of deceit from the demon and had prepared himself.
“Sam.” He calls, though his voice doesn’t carry far. It’s dragged down by the pain he feels.
. Perfection with every bite.
Dean sniffles twice, smiling down at the connection point before reaching over with his other hand and rapping his knuckles against Cass’.
Dean sighs.
Sam walks into Dean’s room to hear shouting and yelling from Dean and a series of high pitched giggles from Cass. Peeking in he sees Cass with his itsy bistey baby arms wrapped around Dean’s hips holding him about two inches off the ground. Both sway, off-kilter around the room. Cass with a grip of iron and Dean trying to latch onto something before he squashes the child
That’s one question he actually doesn’t want answered right now.
“It’s perfect.” Dean assures. “I love it.”
Castiel turns to this Dean, noting the longing on his face. He knows that Dean cared about him and he knows how conflicted he was when it came to trying to stop him. Had it been anyone else, he doubts that Dean would have let them run wild. Chuck is a prime example of that.
“And you two?” the waiter nods at them.
“How do you feel?”
He watches Cass like a hawk. Not because he doesn’t trust him, but because he knows how hard it is. He wants Cass to talk to him… let it out in the ways Dean never had… but he doesn’t know how to approach him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Michael is a ticking time bomb and they need to find a way to lock him in the bunker before he finally comes to his senses and starts pillaging. Sam likes to attribute Michael’s current inactivity to Dean somehow stopping him. It’s a pipe dream and he knows it, but the thought is the only thing giving him the will to go forward.
They make their way down the hall to Sam’s room awkwardly. Cass pounds on the door and gives a short wave to a dishevelled Sam as he peeks from behind the door.
Nodding, Sam seems lost in thought, “Everyone I have is looking. All the hunters. Mom. Jack. Me.” he glares at Dean with steely determination. “We will find something.”
“You gonna make it, buddy?” Dean asks teasingly when Castiel begins to calm down.
“What should we do.”
Dean slams him against the door, fumbling behind him for the keys.
“It’s a shifter.” The things eyes widen in surprise at being caught and it moves to retaliate.
“Ok great.” He says brightly. “What did he need?”
It feels as though the words burnt themselves onto his very soul. Like a brand of honour. Cass loves him. And Dean had just stood there dumbly… mute, until Cass pushed him out of the way.
“I’m keeping you he promises.” Letting the child nibble away. “Don’t care what Sammy says, I’ll sneak you in alright?”
An incredulous noise floats directly into his ear. “What world are you living in?” Dean demands, shifting his head slightly. Sam’s shoulder cries in relief; Dean’s head is heavier than it looks. “I’m probably in love with Cass.”
“I’m sorry Castiel.” She murmurs. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“This is Dean and Cass we’re talking about.” Adam quips.
Crowley steps back with his hands up. “I wouldn’t dare take advantage of Dean. He’s my friend.”
I have one more onshot planned for this work. It's gonna be extra depressing.
The four of them who remain all stare at the door in stunned silence.
“I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it.”
“It doesn’t have to be.” Dean says shortly.
“Oh yeah,” Sam assures. “Since Cass can’t talk, you get to talk for him.”
“I never should have let you go.” Dean’s words are muffled by his hand, covering his mouth. Castiel is thankful for the privacy the booth provides and the fact that the closest patron is way out of ear shot.
“Dean, you don’t have to hide.” He says, watching as Dean’s fingers tighten their grip on his jacket.
How does it take Dean so long to pee? He’s pretty sure his brother must be hearing the screams wherever he may be in the bunker.
Cass rolls his eyes, “There’s a gas station less than ten minutes away Dean.”
“Heya, Cass.” Chuck greets cheerily.
“I’m happy for you Dean.”
Castiel tunes them out, knowing just how well Dean can fight with himself. He steps away from their bickering and notices the figure fizzling in and out by the tree line. It’s him.
In an instant, he realises that Cass’ hands are no longer on him and that he’s not even in the room anymore. He sighs, the dude’s probably got some shit to do. The smell of smoke tells him otherwise. He grabs his blade and heads to the kitchen, prepared to face anything. Well, anything except a black, sizzling beet, burning away in a pot with no water.
Dean laughs shakily, “It looks like two hot-tubs smashed together.”
“Umm… sure Dean.” Says Sam, finding his wits.
Sam still clutches his gun, waving it wildly as they argue. Every time the gun passes in Cass’ vicinity he almost dies. A gunshot would kill him for sure. There’s no Michael. No one to help them.
He can see the need gnawing at Dean. The need to know. To not be the only one with something on the line.
“I love you too Dean.” He replies in kind, savouring the sweet smile that slips onto Dean’s face.
Slam!
“Cass…” Dean lets his voice trail.
Dean hides the video behind his back at the first sign of Sam. Oddly enough, it was the smell of his shampoo that gave him away, but Dean keeps that to himself as he faces his brother, trying to paste on a ‘natural’ look on his face.
“Lube.” He explains, finding the slim bottle.
Dean replaces the trench coat and the pearl and then welcomes Cass back into his room jubilantly. Swirling him around and letting him bounce on his bed.
“And lemme guess.” Dean looks pointedly downwards. “That’s when your problem popped up.”
Adam had changed things for him.
“There’s something I have to say then.” Cass says. “And you are going to be mad.”
is there.” He presses a hand to his lips. “You stopped coming. It’s been… almost an entire year and I don’t know what to do?”
Sam places the spoon against his lips and chews once before stopping abruptly and running towards the bin.
Dean is prepared to give a tight lipped smile and move along, but Castiel’s next words almost strike him dead.
A stinging in his arm alerts him to Cass’ vice like grip.
“Like?” he looks up at Sam with his wide-eyed, hopeful stare.
“Hear us?” he echoes.
Like who does the mamba while saying ‘Dean focus, Dean wake up, Dean he’s using you.’?
A group of kids dash past them almost causing Dean to drop his keys into the drain. He quickly shoves them into his pocket and mumbles a curse.
She hikes her dress up.
“I’ll share with Dean.” Sam says immediately. “Here is the broccoli.”
But he
Dean gulps, trying to push down his rising fear. Cass catches on this time and breaks character, stroking his cheek. “Baby is a safe space, remember? Nothing we do in here has any standing out there.”
“Dean.”
Sam remembers his brother, seizing on the floor. Neither of them understanding why or how this could have happened. “He started… having these seizures.” He isn’t about to tell Cass that moments of affection brought them on. He can spare his friend that one indignity.
With a shiver Dean ducks his head. “That’s hot, Cass.”
“For this next part, I’ll need to recline the seat.”
Thank God, it had just been a dream, he d-
“And you read it?” Sam asks incredulously. “That’s … an invasion of his privacy. You know that right.”
Dean looks away. Yet another failure on his part.
Dean doesn’t spring up like he usually does when he finds Castiel watching him. This time, it’s more of a slow, serene awakening. Dean’s head doesn’t leave the pillow, but his eyes crack open to stare at him in wonder.
Crowley has a plan. No one even recognizes it yet. Let's see how long it takes TFW ;)
Cass nods.
Surveying the room, he finds nothing immediately out of place.
Adam turns to face him. “Do I though?” he asks. Hurt taints his words. It’s the first time in a long time that he’s looked so wounded.
There’s no doubt about that. They’d be immensely happy together.
to make pie.”
“Here.” Cass says with a frown.
“Because, like I said
“Tell me that you love me.”
Sam looks up from his coffee to stare at Dean who’s clearly expecting some sort of answer. Probably blind acceptance.
Dean smiles then too – for the first time that day. “I even brought along the trench-coat just in case he wanted something familiar.” But the strange timbre of his voice tells Sam that all isn’t well just yet.
The darkening of the other man’s eyes is what tells him he’s poking in the right spot. Maybe Michael does know his stuff after all.
Dean blinks in confusion.
“No.” he replies, feeling the tiniest bit of pride, “I ‘played it cool.’”
Dean wants to rant… rage… smash something to pieces or kill a monster. But they’re at the bottom of the ocean. There’s nothing here except him and Cass. Cass who risked an eternity of torment just to stay with him. He feels his heart swell; he had been stuck in the darkness for days, months, years he couldn’t be sure. The prospect of drowning forever had him in constant distress. Worse yet, Michael wouldn’t even let him sleep.
Dean presses his eyes together tightly. So blue…
“I’ll be back momentarily.” Announces Michael, wiping at his mouth with the light blue napkin. Then, before anyone has a chance to say or do anything, he vanishes.
It blew Sam’s mind, and he can only imagine that the news would have a similar effect on Dean.
something. But what? If the djinn is right then Dean is in denial. There’s no denying that his relationship with Cass is different to all the others in his life. But to call it love? Dean isn’t sure.
Watching the time pass by and counting the seconds were the worst yet. Dean would sense something was off and distract him most times with kisses or stories or just a song. Dean’s singing voice was something special, and Castiel would always relish in the way that Dean let himself go, unconcerned about judgement or ridicule.
Tracking on the package tells Dean that it’s held up because of a snow storm.
“Pretty slick, Cass.” He whispers, his hand continuing along its path with a bit more confidence now. His fingers reach the nape of his neck and pause, their first brush against his hair feels spectacular. Soon enough, Dean doesn’t seem content with just his fingertips. His hands thread their way through his hair, running his fingers back and forth, and clenching his hair in surprise when Castiel presses a wet kiss to his neck.
“Dean please.”
“We’re here to save the world.” Dean says drily. “What else?”
“Maybe… but he didn’t want to be with you either,” Crowley points out. “And your little cheat sheet worked in your favor. What’s stopping it from working in mine?”
“Tomorrow, perhaps,” Castiel says, trying to sound confident.
Too late.
A realization hits him then; about Crowley and his plan. The hellhound was meant to corral them in here. To keep his prey exactly where he wants them.
about Cass and his love life right?
Lucifer has been moving around a lot in recent times. Tracking his precise location has been a challenge. But here they are.
“One last one before I hit the road.” And it doesn’t even come out anywhere as light as he’d like it to. “This is Cass.” His voice breaks near the end.
How could he forget the lyrics of the song that he had compiled into his ‘top traxx’?
“I know.” He says, “It’s called ersatz. Substituting one product for something else that’s a bit inferior.”
okay.
Dean isn’t sure that’s the right thing to say, but it’s the first thing that comes to mind. Cass just gave up so much for him… to be with him. Dean is still reeling.
“You have to send us back.” Dean says urgently.
“Yeah,” He croaks.
“What is it now?” Dean demands. “You snuck into my room and stole the pictures from under my pillow?”
Lucifer’s words still haunt him. Those minutes in the simulation had wreaked havoc on his perception of reality. But the thing is, he’s always been able to figure out whether Dean is real. That reminds Castiel of something.
Though he’s angry, he’s also bitter too. That Adam wasn’t as excited as Michael to spend time together. Michael ends up wandering around aimlessly. Through the crowded streets, packed with sweaty, loud, obnoxious people. Adam was never like that.
“Alright Dean.” He drags the name out purposefully and Dean cringes as expected, “I won’t forget the- ”
Cass moves into his grasp with trepidation, standing stiffly in Dean’s grip.
҈     §§§ȸ§§§     ҈҉
Sam doesn’t remember the way to Dean’s room ever being this long.
“That was a nice moment you had upstairs.” Crowley’s voice almost makes him drop the pancakes. Heat scalds his cheeks.
“Uh…yes I can.”
The fight to act natural begins. For the first time in his life, he finds himself worrying about his bedhead and the state of his suit. Dean is always here, which is why he comes in every day, but the man rarely hand delivers his order.
Laughter erupts from his mouth. “Oh!” he laughs, “Cass would pitch a fit. He’d be stark raving mad. He’d probably gouge his eyes out. And eat them to escape this awful sight.” He realises the imagery may have been too graphic when he sees Castiel withdraw.
“No.” Cass shushes him immediately. “This is what I want Dean. I’m doing this, not you.”
Cracking his knuckles, which Dean is sure is entirely unnecessary, Cass dives right in. He starts with the shoulders, not pussyfooting around. He goes in deep and hard, wringing out the tension from all his muscles. Dean sighs into the mattress, balling his hands into fists.
Butt naked on the floor and prodding at each other’s navels like it holds all the answers of the universe in it.
“Little bastard.” Dean mumbles, kissing him anyway.
“I love you too.”
He glances over to Cass to assess the damage, “C’mon man, don’t pout.”
By now Dean perks up too. So much for peace. “Yea.” Sam fidgets, “I was going to pass it along to another hunter.”
“Cass.” Sam says, in that same gentle tone. “Angels don’t need to breathe.”
Castiel had done extensive research on the earth’s oceans. He’d searched relentlessly for the place where Dean might have chosen to –
“Because I wanted to know what it feels like.” Cass whispers. “To have someone think that you’re in a relationship. I’m so sorry Dean. I understand that you’re angry that I broke your trust and betrayed you. I – I’m just sorry.”
“I promise I won’t use my grace to heal it then.”
“Never.” Castiel murmurs.
Then he swallows Dean whole.
In stunned silence, Dean just stares at him as he begins to pace.
to feel anger and adrenaline coursing through his veins.
‘All good?’ his eyes ask.
to tell me.” Adam continues, “But just know you can tell me stuff. Without being ashamed.”
His brows raise and he gapes at Cass. “Man you were perfect. You did everything right.”
Could it be PTSD, from his time with the devil?
Banging his fist loudly on the box. He pries at the edges but it’s as though they’re welded shut.
What should have been an easy smile from Dean, turns into a grimace. “What if we don’t find a way.” He says slowly, “What if … this could be a – a blessing in disguise for Cass. Being human. The full experience this time. Look at how happy he is.”
Cupping Dean’s face in his hands, Castiel strokes Dean’s ear with his thumb, letting his grace probe carefully, to ensure that everything is really okay. He could wake Dean up, it would probably do wonders for everyone’s nerves but he knows how important it is for Dean to rest… and how hard it usually is for him to even fall asleep.
“Sam?” Dean whispers, “Can you watch him tonight?”
With a frown, Castiel reaches down to tug at the thick material. “What are yo–”
In a smooth motion his angel blade drops from his trench-coat down into his palm. Cass raises the blade right up to his neck. Pressing into the spot where his grace rests.. Dean’s hand shoots out in an instant, stilling Cass’ movements.
“You didn’t want me here Dean.” He says, his voice hard. “You made that perfectly clear long before I was forced to leave. I left but you never once tried to stop me.”
“I can’t.” Dean sounds guilty, squeezing his eyes shut.
“What was that Sammy?” he swears Dean’s voice raises an octave.
“Sammy.” He croaks.
The entire experience is overwhelming. Being this close to Dean, watching his mouth move as he chews his pie – the
Gulping, Cass stares at him, letting Dean see the vulnerability in his eyes. “This is my first… brate.”
are invaluable to – to the world, your family… me. You aren’t as stupid as you like to think and you are a magnificent hunter… an exemplary human. So don’t you ever use that as a rationale to justify you sacrificing yourself!”
He finds Dean immediately, finding him exactly where he had left them. Sam doesn’t even get a second to enjoy his relief as his eyes dart around, looking for Cass.
“Pretty far away there, huh Cass?” Dean slurs.
in Sam’s brain. The deal… Cass’ wish having something to do with a cosmic entity. That must have been why… Dean…
“A wee bit of a trim Samuel.” Dean says in a
Despite how cute and jovial the angel now is… he finds himself selfishly missing his friend. He misses talking with him and having his shoulder to lean on.
Crowley scowls too. “Yeah. Aziraphale and I are best friends. Six thousand years! We – we have – we have the constitution!”
Crowley turns the knife with a sly grin before kneeling to inspect the pentagram. “You draw a good devil’s trap.” He observes.
“Why would you tell me that?” Dean’s voice is breathless. He feels as though the walls are closing in, despite this coffin being larger than the last.
Sam tells himself he’s only leaving so that Dean can have some time to process. In actuality, he knows he’s just sparing himself Dean’s wrath when everything finally catches up to his brother.
“Um.” Castiel looks around helplessly, “I left that book out.”
“Oh doctor! No!” he fake complains.
Wailing greets him.
Reaching up, Castiel loosely cups his neck. “Or you can fuck me into the your memory foam mattress and see if remembers us.”
As the door clicks shut behind him, he hears Cass’ shuddering breath. It’s almost enough to make him rip open the door and take back everything he said.
“Lucifer.” He breathes, taking a shocked step back. Mom’s grip slackens on his arm. She immediately reaches for her weapon… and honestly, Sam should be doing the same just for the sake of it. But he knows that wielding any weapon besides an archangel blade is pointless.
For something normal?
“Is that what you really think?”
Dean releases first, with a loud shout, “Cass!” Before falling quiet besides small moans.
“Same here man. Dean’s got some newfound obsession about rising before the sun.”
The silence that follows is silent.
“Dean is sick.”
Dean’d been so nervous that he didn’t think he would but just
been pretty wrapped up with himself – between the bullet wound and Rowena dying, he’d basically checked out of Team Free Will.
Cass immediately senses something off and abandons his play things.
Popping the cover open he flips past the table of contents and the dedication without really looking.
“Me too.” Dean whispers.
“Cass!”
Whatever he does it has to be fast and effective. But should he?
“You won’t do that,” Cass says uncertainly.
“What is it?” he’s almost afraid to find out.
Cass chuckles wryly at his side, shutting off the gas before marching outside, running a frustrated hand through his hair.
“Relax.” He says, “I’m kidding.”
And Gabriel had taken that away from him in a flash.
Castiel feels himself stiffen. He’d completely forgotten that Sam knew about their garage.
