“Dean, are you okay? Were we too loud last night? I’m sorry if we were. I’ll make sure that the noise is kept down so that you can get your rest.”
It makes him slightly uncomfortable, the idea of sneaking his way into gathering information, he would hate to solidify to this stranger that people are always after something so he decides that if he’s going to try to learn about the man, he’ll be honest about it.
A few hours before supper he hears the clatter of the door, there’s a flutter in his chest and a curl of anticipation in his stomach as he turns. He stops though, because, yes Cas has come outside, but with him is a small hoard of children, Hannah’s amongst the group, holding the hand of another young girl, but he doesn’t know any of the other children. A young woman, who must be Cas’ eldest younger sister, is corralling the children along with him.
He sits at the table as his siblings file in, in singles and pairs. His mother is the last to sit and no sooner does she settle into her chair than it begins.
“Well Pa he’s never worked on a farm like ours before, and rather than risk him getting injured again as he did with Ringer, I take what work I can out with me and keep an eye on him.”
Once he’s dropped the flask from his mouth Cas pounces on him. His good arm grabs Dean by the neck and draws him in, the other winds around his back and constricts, slotting their legs together and pressing their bodies from chest to upper thigh.
He kneels higher again, scissoring his fingers and dipping them just far enough to put the tiniest bit of pressure on his prostate, his breath hitches and short gasps fall from his lips each time he rubs against that small bundle of nerves. Cas growls again and Dean gets an idea.
As much as the whole thing had annoyed him, it wasn’t all bad. Every day Cas would check the stitches and the cut itself, having him that close was becoming intoxicating and Dean wished that the nearness wasn't because of his injuries but rather because Cas found himself drawn into Dean’s orbit as Dean found himself drawn into Cas’.
This world deserves to be saved in all its fucked up and fantastic glory, it deserves another chance.
Castiel starts at that just as Dean sends a wide-eyed expression his way.
“You’re impossible Dean Winchester, impossible.” They’re quiet as Cas walks up to Ringer’s flank. Weeks ago that action would have resulted in serious panicking on his part but he’s such a quick study when the right hands are doing the teaching that now he doesn’t even react.
“My apologies,” Dean laughs, feeling oddly light.
He leaves it outside the stables when he goes in. Ringer stands alert in his stall, curiosity piqued at his presence.
“Cas you aren’t giving yourself enough credit,” Dean says, ducking his eyes under the stare Cas has trained on him.
I'm really interested in what you all thought about this chapter, it fought me quite a bit along the way (but it did end up somewhere I'm happy with) and while it is a fair bit shorter than the last couple have been (though it was still long) a lot did happened in it.
And if that's not possible, if his life is still deemed as a damned one that can’t be saved, he at least has gotten himself one step closer, and that must count for something.
,” Dean says as he rocks down further onto the thick finger. His eyes fall shut as Cas starts to pump it up into him, moaning as it stretches him, the slight pain a welcome sensation.
“Valley—the valley—seems to mean a great deal to you, and I was thinking—well I just thought that you could get a name from that,” Cas finishes lamely seemingly unsure of how to proceed through the rest of the conversation.
Cas is up and extinguishing lights around the room when he makes his way back. Dean stares freely at Cas’ still naked form as he leans against the doorframe. When he’s caught, Cas offers a smile and a lewd look at his own body in return.
On her first day back, she had asked Castiel about the new person. She hadn’t been able to before because she was on her way to the clinic. As soon as he began to talk about Dean, he felt himself begin to blush and smile, but he quickly schooled his expression and told her enough about the stranger to placate her without giving too much away. He knew how much Dean guarded his past and Castiel wasn’t about to betray his trust—even if he was the only one to know he had broken it—by telling his sister. No matter how much she begged with a pleading gaze.
The silence stretches, like the shadows made by the late day sun, it’s calm but as with the anxiety of another day coming to a close it’s strained. Still it plays around them like how the shadows dance across the grass and the buildings and incite nightmares in children.
“I know Cas, it’ll be like this for a while.”
She raises her arm in acquiescence and shouts across the field, “Yes dear!” she turns around again, her shoulders shaking lightly with a laugh. Jody has a wide smile on her face as well, the kind that comes from someone she loves deeply doing something she finds endearing.
“I’m glad you did,” he says in answer, too much and too little coming to his mind to form anything more eloquent than that.
“Go wash, you’re a mess,” he murmurs with a glint in his eyes.
“And what exactly did he say?” Dean asks playfully.
“What did you do after you left the home?” Cas’ voice isn't gentle, apprehensive may be a better word, as though he’s not sure he wants to know the answer.
“You- You fucking hand delivered yourself to the empty while we were hunting for the occultum didn’t you,” Dean asked dismayed.
They get out of the gig and Dean ties Ringer to a tree. He’s nervous for him, one thing they never went about was training for gunfire, so he decides to move far enough from Ringer that he’s still in sight but further from the sound.
When he does it's still a long shot, he doesn't know if they have even half of what they need for this to work and worse still, part of it he can’t translate so who knows what's hidden in that passage, hell it might not even help at all.
First posted April 30th 2021. Can be found
He looks down and sees a tin pressed between his arm and Cas’ palm. Cas shows it to him when he lets out a questioning hum. Nestled into his palm is a tin of jelly and Dean feels his cheeks heat again.
They both look out at the land in front of them, even though Cas asked him something, he doesn’t turn towards Dean, unspoken agreements to not pressure the other if a question wants to go unanswered.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” he asks even though it's not actually a question so much as a continued reassurance.
He wonders if his father will keep him at his side, helping him in the days before his siblings come home. He can only imagine Gabriel’s face if and when he learns that Castiel allowed their father to dictate how he spent his time without even a few words of fight from him. The two of them had long ago grumbled to one another about the way their father was at times. Hardly ever letting on to their father or their siblings of the issue they took with their orders, it fell to the other to lend an ear to the nonsense.
(See the end of the chapter for
What strikes him as odd is that there’s a violence to the love and devotion that he can’t really understand, worshipping like a dog and revealing your sins to the sound of steel being honed isn’t how he loves Dean, isn’t how he sees Dean as his salvation, he writes hymns inspired by Dean. He doesn’t, could never, equate his devotion to something so lacking in softness, not when he can still feel the tufts of Dean’s hair under his nose or the petals of the roses Dean winded up the trellis on the side of his balcony.
~and it was all a dream~
He lets Cas take the kiss where he wants, content to be pulled along in the emotions for as long as Cas deems necessary. He's left quite wanting when Cas pulls back after not even a minute.
Castiel had been too young to realize it at the time, he only saw his brother coming into his room at night to sleep as a sign of brotherly love and not as an attempt to make it seem as though the room wasn't a body short. He saw his brother spending time with him, so much more than normal, not as a way to distract him so that he couldn't miss how his days were absent of his brother's laughter or his mother's presence, but because Gabriel simply wanted to.
Cas is silent for some time, long enough that he thinks the talking might be over with. But the man seems incapable of letting a silence stretch for too long.
He is enamoured with the gentle way Cas’ hair moves in the breeze that barely makes its way into the sickly heat of the shed, as well as the small frown that adorns Cas’ mouth as he is thrown into memories that he’d rather forget about entirely.
“You blame yourself don’t you? For all of it.” He flinches as Cas whirls around to look at him. His expression shifts though once their eyes meet and Cas studies him for a moment.
“Everything looks set Jody,” Castiel calls back, he steps away making more than enough room for her to stand beside Dean.
“Ah yes but remember we need that to make sure that we can make it to the west coast,” he lies, sending pleading glances to Cas, begging him to play along. “You won’t be able to make it to your sister's wedding if we don’t have that money. What we’ve given these two men is certainly enough to aid them.” His pistol burns against his waist. It’s still too early to draw but if Cas doesn’t go with the story he’s just spun it will become a necessity sooner rather than later.
He knows Cas is strong, he’s seen it firsthand, but looking at his broad chest and arms, at his trunk with its gently defined muscles, built from work, built for use, it makes his mouth run dry in seconds.
He takes a bucket to the ground spout, filling it repeatedly to clean the troughs before filling them. In the machine shed, he inspects each piece they’ve gone over, checking how they work in more depth.
“Michael seemed pretty pissed that Chuck went to Lucifer and not him.”
“What are you doing here Ca—” Dean's jaw clicks as it snaps shut, cutting off what he knew would have been his name had Dean let himself say it.
In direct contrast to Cas’ control—Dean finds he’s losing his with each passing second. His nails dig into the plains of Cas’ chest, his hips move mindlessly seeking out
Reading it quickly, he ensures that what Dean is signing into is something that the man would want. Good pay, a damn good position within their farm, even the colloquial fine print hides nothing sinister.
“Well no not technically, it couldn’t take me because the specifications of the deal hadn’t been reached yet, I was for all intents and purposes safe on my trip.”
For all his awareness of each movement, he isn't prepared when Dean walks himself backwards moving them out of the setting sun's reach. Though they aren’t directly under it, the indirect light causes Dean’s eyes to shine brighter. Castiel’s gaze drops to Dean’s lips as Dean’s back hits the weathered side of the stables. It’s all too slow and too quick, his mind too caught up in bouncing between everything that’s happening, to focus on one thing for long.
He knows nothing of what the future might hold for them. He sits and thinks about the people who’ve welcomed him, making them part of a family of sorts. Cas doesn't interrupt his thoughts, he sits, a constant presence of comfort at Dean’s side, and it means more than he could ever say.
He’s still not seen his pa, and as the hour moves closer to supper he’s less and less inclined to seek him out. He doesn't particularly want to sit with him at supper either but he has no way of avoiding that.
Dean takes a deep breath and continues, “a part of you stays in each place you settle, the life—however insignificant—you made for yourself will always leave remnants. And at some point, you’ll see that you’ve left behind a graveyard of whispers of yourself… It's a comfort and a curse. It’s odd to know that you stay in each place but that it’s never really you there. It takes years to learn not to look back. Hell, even with all my practice I still wanted to, still want to. To catch that last glimpse, to see the memories played out in the swirls of dust that kick up and settle, you can’t ever move forward if you are forever looking back, not in any way that matters really. You don’t walk a horse backwards to get where you are going and all that. But at some point, you’ll find that what's ahead might be better than what's behind, and that’ll be enough to make it worth it. Or at least I hope it will,” he says in all truth.
He doesn't bother unpacking, not having the possessions he would need to do so, choosing instead to sit and wait for his meal.
“So beautiful,” Cas says, his gaze trained right into Dean’s eyes. “So incredibly gorgeous.” He says it so quietly Dean can’t be sure he was ever supposed to hear him.
“Mornin’ Sir,” Dean says back. He makes no such greeting to Castiel.
Any gentleness that lingered between them disappears with that noise, Dean’s fingers grip almost painfully into his hair at the back of his head as his other arm comes up to loop around his neck, drawing him in closer. He bites at Castiel’s lips when they open for him and that seems to be what causes Castiel to break. He slots his legs with Dean’s as his tongue works its way into his mouth.
Later that night Dean walks to Sam’s room and lets himself in after knocking. Thankfully Sam seems to already know what this conversation is going to be about and jumps right in.
Whenever his mind has a moment to stray, he finds his fists starting to clench. Not even one week, that’s all it’s been, but he’s beyond fed up with Dean’s actions, especially without explanation. How hard would it be to say ‘Cas I don’t want to get you in trouble with your family’ or ‘I appreciate the friendship but would like us to recede back to acquaintances, instead’ or
Cas’ eyes catch his own and holds them as he brings the flask up to his lips and he feels that tug again low in his belly as Cas tips his head back, not breaking their eye contact, and takes a slow sip, his throat working over the burning liquor, the way Cas is looking at him, the way he is making a show of the shared flask makes him think that it might not be the whiskey he’s trying to savour.
“I know and I’m sorry but—oh hi Mister!” the girl calls out as she notices Dean.
Dean doesn't fully understand Cas’ situation. A part of him thinks that had he had an overbearing mother growing up, he would have listened to every word she said and would have taken it as gospel; but he knows that he can’t understand what it’s like to have that. Pain flares in his chest just as it always does when he thinks of a life he could have had if circumstances had been different but burying that sort of thing is second nature to him and his mind barely stays on it for a moment.
Charles turns to him and he's taken aback by the look of the man, where this morning his face had been cloaked in worry and stress it now screams of defeat and anguish. “Yes, thank you, and make sure she’s tacked tomorrow before I rise, I’ll be heading back into town and I'll need her set up with the cab.”
Michael and Lucifer are having a goddamn sibling squabble in the library when they get back with Jack just stuck in the midst of it. Which is annoying, to say the least. These are some of the oldest beings in existence and they are bickering like preteens.
The blankness of Cas’ expression chills him. Dean has never seen such an emotionless expression on Cas’ face. Then again, he’s also never seen Cas in a business deal setting, maybe the man has an incredible poker face when it comes down to brass tacks.
He grins stupidly into the kiss, his stomach swoops as Cas devours his mouth and a low groan is pulled from him as Cas begins to rock their hips together. The hard line of Cas’ arousal is pressed against the well of his hip, each grind a dirty promise of what lay in store for them. His own hard length matches Castiel’s and his stomach riots at the sensation.
“They are both here too, Chuck really did a number on all of you and it’s been some work getting you all back to tip top shape, but it was almost like I had to piece your soul back together, if you're awake now though it means it worked.”
He doesn't say goodbye to his parents, he doesn’t feel he needs to.
But Cas deserves far better than Dean can ever give him, he knows that as much as he knows anything. Cas would lose his family and his life here on the farm if he didn’t find himself a nice woman to settle down with, someone who he wouldn't have to hide. What can Dean give him? A life of hiding, one where he can’t have a relationship with his family, one where they can’t show their affection openly, no devotion before God, no promise of a happy ending.
Sam sets to work on the translation the second Dean is done. It takes him days to figure out what's needed, and then it leads him to the book of the damned, and that takes him even longer. All the while Dean and Jack work to collect or find the rest of the ingredients. One ingredient though takes his hope, fragile and tentative as it is, and destroys it.
Dean drives his hips down harder and he feels the tip of another finger press gently against his rim distracting him from the mild pain starting in his folded knees.
He craned his head around to look at his angel, the back of his skull digging into Cas’ thigh where it rested. Even upside down his eyes are tired, and each day as his grace dissipates he looks more and more worn down, closer to human.
In regards to the lore surrounding Nick's resurrection of Lucifer from the empty in season 14 I did the best I could to work the stuff we know into this chapter bridging the gaps when needed to make both scenes make as much sense as possible. I hope it's not confusing to anyone (feel free to ask questions—on anything—if you have them, I've never tried to make up lore before).
After supper he joins Gabriel and Kali in Hannah's room, they talk until she starts to fall asleep and his heart is so full he thinks it might overwhelm him.
“So most of the staff lives on the other side of the main house, a few live out closer to the stables, the rest live in town and ride into the farm to work, but this place here is yours.” Jody gestures to the house with her hand and Dean just barely manages to keep his jaw from hitting the ground at the fact that it’s theirs and theirs alone. “There's a stocked kitchen and cold cellar inside but you also have the option of coming up to the main area for food whenever you’d like. If you need anything I’ll be back up at the house, if not I’ll be back in a few hours, right around supper, to grab you both and make some introductions. Give Kevin another few minutes to make his way over here to get Ringer here and get him taken care of.” She sends a slightly concerned look to the horse before waving at the both of them and turning to walk back to her house.
Pushing the door open he sees his pa sitting at his desk surrounded by papers and statements. He cringes as he realizes how much he has been shirking his duties to spend time with Dean under the guise of helping him and making sure he was doing the work properly. He wasn't foolish enough to believe any of that himself, not that he didn't try to—for quite some time after Dean’s arrival he spent most of his time convincing himself that it was all for the good of the farm—and as such had left his father to deal with the books alone.
“A bit of both Ma’am,” Dean responds.
Cas is silent, lost further in thought than Dean had been only moments ago. Eventually, he breaks himself out of it and looks back at Dean, who had been stealing glances at Cas all the while.
“But you didn't choose this Cas, you didn’t want this, you hated being human.”
“He should be ya, he was just going to the post office.” Dean tries to quell the nerves that pick up. Cas is fully capable of taking care of himself but he hates it when there’s any chance that he’s not okay.
“Do you want to learn?” Cas asks, completely forgoing social niceties and latches onto the most insignificant portion of his little speech.
He drives his hips forward as he draws Dean into him with the hand he has on Dean’s side and feels his own hardness press against the well of Dean’s hip. Pleasure erupts in his gut from the movement and sparks of it shoot around and come to rest at the base of his spine as Dean gives a small shout.
“Your shoulder, you’re still hurt,” Dean says, shaking his head gently, just enough blood still going to his brain to think logically.
Throwing the top open he shoves the clothes to the side and chokes on a sob of relief.
After he finishes up, he makes his way over to the stables. He watches Cas from a distance, getting ready to face him again, something that has become suddenly and ridiculously more challenging since he finally properly saw his eyes. They’re the kind of eyes that pin you in place and he's left to do nothing but be suspended within their gaze, to allow Cas the chance to see into his soul if he wanted.
His fingers dance along Cas’ shoulder and arm, and he smiles when Cas hums contentedly. Cas tongues and sucks small marks along the plain of his chest. Cas lets out a small noise as he licks the sweat from Dean’s skin. It’s not done to arouse, and so there's only one conclusion for Dean to come to.
“Cas, what the hell?” he asks in a terse voice, heart still pounding. He lowers the gun and unclicks the hammer before he puts it back into his bag. “What could have made you think sneaking up on me was a smart idea?”
“Wanna feel you Cas, fill me, make me yours,” Dean all but slurs and Cas locks up above him.
She looks oddly conflicted, but Castiel doesn’t have it in him to decode her expression. Not when Dean is flipping the first page to ensure that his choice stays unknown.
The door to his father's study is ajar as he passes it and for a moment he debates not going in, not forcing what he knows is going to be an unpleasant conversation, but the itching that resides behind his ribs reminds him that he’ll never be fully content if he doesn't get answers.
“Don’t you trust me,” he says in mock affront, knowing full well that Cas couldn’t possibly trust him much at all.
“Hmm I wanted it, hell I had it for a little while, but it's not for me, I learned that first hand, I can't hang up the gloves and leave this for some other poor schmuck to deal with.”
He hears a whimper from behind some pallets and his heart slams to a stop in his chest. This shaggy, hungry, all around Miracle of a dog walks out from behind some trash and warms up to him immediately. He seems to fit right into the soft leather of Baby’s back seat panting happily.
“Cas—I have nothing to offer you. There's no life to live if you're with me, you deserve a good life, with a family and a job that makes your ma proud of you. I’m no one Cas, I—”
That warmth turns sour now, Castiel knew that his father's vitriol would eventually cloud over his time with Dean. Just as he knows that his own words spoken against the man would darken each moment he was allowed to spend with him in the future.
“Yeah, we’re a small family,” Dean says as he rips a fallen leaf into thin strips. “I assume Cas gave you my name?”
“Like I said, I was tryna make friends, if I’m gonna be working on him soon as Ibby’s done I figured it best to build a friendship with him as quick as I could,” he forces out as Cas frees his trapped arm.
“And if you didn’t?” Cas asks suddenly.
They got attacked in broad daylight, what's to say someone else won’t try the same thing.
Cas sends him a quick look before narrowing his focus on the tree. One, two, three steady breaths and Cas sends off the fourth shot. It hits the opposite side from Dean’s first but follows a similar pattern of damage done. He waits but a second before peeling off the fifth, and the sixth follows quickly after that. Both land in the tree with varying degrees of success, but he’s hit his target and if the smile on Cas’ face was any proof, he’s quite proud of himself.
“Were any of those letters today from Kelly?” Dean asks. Months ago, through a dizzying letter chain with a few of his siblings, they’d been able to find the woman and her child, the child that Lucifer had in fact fathered. After that they began sending letters to one another, planning to meet and sharing details about each other and their families. Jack, Cas’ nephew, is a year away from starting school and is, without a doubt, one of the cutest children Dean has ever met.
“I knew it was coming, it won’t sneak up on you so much this time.” He motions to the tree, “Now c’mon line up another shot, and try to slow your breathing. The less your body shifts with each breath the steadier the shot will be.”
“It's an odd comfort to grow up with a job already, but at the same time it's like a prison sentence, I can’t do much else now, I have almost no choice in the rest of my life. As much as it’s comforting to have this farm, I wish I had a way to do more.” He doesn’t stop shovelling as Cas speaks. “I always wanted to be a teacher, figured I’d make a pretty good one to all things considered. I taught my younger siblings when my ma was too busy to and they never complained—” Cas stops for a moment and he looks at him but the man is turned away, though his shoulders are set in a hard line. “I don't mean to complain Winchester, honest, but I don't get much of a chance to talk about this.”
They still have a couple days of travel ahead of them but Dean decides as he looks at the map that they’re going to add a day and take the more populated route. It’ll take them far more north than they need to be but he knows that the amount of people on the trail will give them safety in numbers.
Being around Cas is easy, they jibe and banter and Dean doesn't have to bite his tongue to avoid offending by mistake because Cas is familiar with his sense of humour.
“Of course I would, but I can’t just pick one. Names are suppose’ to mean more than that.” He’s only ever had this type of conversation with Sam before. No one else ever seemed to care one way or the other if he had a name to call himself by.
His worrying had been for nothing of course. The second they had seen each other it had been tight embraces and wide smiles. When Sam mentioned a woman named Jessica, Dean’s heart soared. When he told Dean of the work he’d been doing, there was nothing but pride in his chest.
He pretended it wasn’t his father, made himself think of it as anything else because suddenly it was all on him. They didn't have records, names, he wasn’t sure if they’d have a place to live for long, so he was on his own, just him and his brother.
because it was better than nothing.
The day starts as any other does, monotonous and incredibly predictable. He wakes and eats with his family, dresses and heads to his father's study, works with his father until his father declares that it is time to head out and tend to some extra chores on the farm. It’s the same as every day, his studies are the last on his list of chores and responsibilities and again they will be pushed off in favour of helping his parents.
“Fuck yes,” Dean says, both an answer to Cas’ suggestion and his offer.
They return to their lessons, except now when Dean excels, Cas rewards him in small ways, a gentle brush against his ankle, a hand splayed against his hip once they both stand, or a particularly filthy kiss when the suns gone down and they have a few minutes to spend together without any possible prying eyes.
“Dean, Ma’am,” he says quickly when he understands that she wants his name.
“It was mostly you Dean, which I wasn’t too pleased with at the start, all things considered,” Cas says pointedly.
“Cas fuck you gotta stop looking at me like that or this’ll never get anywhere,” Dean says as he watches Cas stroke his cock lazily looking at him as though he’s the most important and arousing thing he’s ever seen.
The maintenance work amounts to the bits and pieces Charles had pointed out on his first day that he hadn’t had a chance to get to yet and they take him most of the early morning to get through.
. He excuses himself once he can and through a constricted throat and misty eyes, he makes his way into his house.
“Being a strategist for heaven led to some hard to kick habits, yes.” Cas said back still a little unsure.
“He said that you didn’t wilt like a flower at his threats,” Cas responds with a pointed look, though Dean knows it's at his brother's actions and not his own. “And that he likes you well enough.”
If you haven't picked up on it these two are into some mild kinks, I didn't feel the need to tag each of them but as a heads up there are a couple mentions of choking, but no breathplay, in the rest of the fic. That's about as extreme as it gets (even still it's more about the implication of the action than the action itself, giving yourself over to the other person, being at their mercy etc. etc.)
When Michael lands the archangel blade into Lucifer's chest it’s a minor victory at best but still, it’s a victory.
He knows he's being reiterative with his constant internal investigation regarding Dean, but for reasons he doesn't know, he can’t move past it. He’s not going to kid himself any longer, whatever it is that happened, it doesn't matter much to him anymore, all that matters is how terrible he feels as the days go by. Each morning he’s weighed down and wound up more by the continued treatment, and soon he thinks he might snap.
“I guess that answers my question as to why you got so distant this past week,” Castiel says quietly.
Her expression falls the second she sees Dean’s face and he can hardly hide his flinch. Donning a smile of his own he tries to keep up appearances as best he can.
He doesn't speak but motions for Castiel to enter the room, he opts not to sit and instead just barely leans a hip against the side of the desk before correcting himself and standing proper.
“You sayin’ that you get into trouble often, Cas? Engage in affairs that would leave your ma clutching her pearls?” He’d gone for indifference but fell far short. He hates to think but longs to know what those activities could be. He wants for Cas to not be as untouchable as he is now because maybe then Cas won’t be inclined to think that whatever it is they did his first night wasn’t an error on either of their parts. He silently begs Cas to take the bait.
“It’s not that simple, you and your Cas you got your heads on straight early, Cas and I; I don't know if he’ll ever be in a position to accept that kind of truth from me, not after everything that happened, that I've done to him. I can’t jeopardize him being in my life because I want more... if he leaves- I don't know what I'd do.” Dean didn't look at the other version of himself while he spoke. He didn't need that barely concealed pity or unrestrained exasperation that might be adorning his doubles face.
He didn't even want to think about the days when Hannah was in town and Castiel was left alone with all the responsibilities he usually shared with his father, and yet still let them slide in favour of being at Dean’s side.
“If that’s as long as it takes, or here, new plan, I’ll believe that when you stop growing, you’re inches taller than I am man it doesn't make sense.” Jo catches his eye, a question of food or the like clear on her face but he shakes his head.
“You’re everything Dean, and still you are so much more.” Cas lays a final kiss to his lips. This one is slow, lingering, dizzying. It might have been his play all along but no part of Dean can seem to argue against what Cas has just said. Instead, he shuffles down, surrounds himself with Cas’ body and allows himself to drift as the hum of the night plays on.
He knows there's no way to become accustomed to the feeling but he wishes it wasn’t so overwhelming all the same.
Something inside him breathes a deep sigh, and sure enough some of the fight bleeds out of him.
How do you move past it together when nothing matches up right but you still feel like pieces of the same puzzle?
And Dean knew how to live on scraps, so he lived off of them
“None of us can speak on God's plan for anyone with any certainty, but it is the duty of everyone to live a life the church deems acceptable,” his mother says, folding her hands on the table. “Your brothers and sisters all know this and have so far followed the doctrine set out for us. There should be no shame in following it yourself Castiel and if you are so worried about the setbacks that have hindered your ability to learn we can solve that with little issue. You can still do what you wish while married. Living a life of grace in God's eyes should be your main concern throughout your life, but nowhere is it said that you must give over everything to do so, you are simply to devote yourself to God as we all have and that means that a wife and children are to be in your future. I can ask Father Philip to make time for you next Sunday if you wish to speak to him about your fears of missing out on aspects of your life to live a proper life.”
For the first time in minutes, he speaks, “I’ve been slacking on my writing, even worse with my reading.” It’s a poor attempt to distract himself but Cas latches onto it still.
now. Let come what must, he knows that will never change.
He catches Cas’ eye, pleading as best he can that he schools his face. He wants to fight it, to make sure his shirt stays on but he doesn’t think Cas’ ma will agree to that.
He looks to Cas who's watching with such intensity it stains his cheeks red.
accident prone,” Dean says as he stands. “Need I remind you that I didn’t ever trip over my own two feet.”
“You spend so much time with someone like that, Castiel, and I assure you something will go wrong. Already has if you ask me, the boy walks around calling you a name like ‘Cas’—” Charles says with such disgust, he’s not sure he even recognizes his father now. It breaks something within him to hear a name he’s grown to love so much said in such a way, “—as though he knows you,” his father scoffs, “I have half a mind to send him on his way, he’s more trouble than he’s worth even with his work on the horses.”
“I’ve wanted you like this from the very first second I saw you, I just knew you were a force to be reckoned with and I wanted nothing more than to get lost in your storm, now, if I never know a calm day again I’ll be happy.” It’s the perfect mix of sweet talk and dirty talk and Dean really never knew how much that did it for him.
If he ever had a reason to make sounds like that, he doesn’t remember it.
Dean nods, his shoulder drives itself into the ground as his body is moved on that side more. With all the injuries he sustained in his life, he thinks he must be going soft if this one is causing so much trouble for him.
“Afternoon Dean,” he greets. “Are you waiting for someone?”
. And it seemed really really upset that I’d done that. I feel bad for making it loud, I was never supposed to explode in there anyways and I just thought that maybe if we could make it quiet again it would maybe be more willing to give us Cas back.”
His hand stalls as he reaches for his pack, he can’t leave now, he’d never make it far enough without a horse and with the rest of the family arriving in a few days, he’d have a price on his head larger than ever if he was to take off with their property.
He rushes through making himself presentable, his hair is, as always, the one part of him that’s never been counted as proprietous, and is making his way down the stairs, at such a speed that would have resulted in a reprimanding by his mother had she not been otherwise engaged, when Gabriel crosses the threshold.
Dean can’t help but feel like that was a sort of win for them.
His hand reaches up to Dean’s shoulder. It was only a few weeks ago that it was wrapped in a sling, creating a bridge between them that allowed for gentle touches and a closeness that he now knows they both had wanted so desperately, before it slides up to the base of Dean’s neck as Dean’s does the same. He stares at Dean and Dean stares back.
He takes Cas straight to the clinic and offers to pay double for Cas to be seen. The physician assures him that won’t be necessary and takes Cas to a back room to be worked over. Dean paces the length of the vestibule for an hour as Cas is being taken care of, the other patrons send him wary looks the entire time but he couldn't care less what they think. He knows he’s probably scaring at least some of them. He’s got blood all over himself, Cas does too.
Turns out he doesn't need to.
“Then what are we waiting for,” Dean murmurs before pulling Cas in by the back of his neck.
It's the feeling he gets each time his mother's cold gaze hits him directly or whenever his father avoids his eyes when they speak. He gets it whenever his older brothers and sisters, minus Gabriel, look at him as though it was his fault that Gadreel passed on. It is the same feeling he got as a child when Gabriel caught him staring at that boy. In that moment the feeling had sprouted fiercely in his chest and stomach that he thought he might actually get sick.
He waits for Cas to come back in the silence of the evening, thinks of how lucky he was stumbling into that farm, making friends with their son, starting over without knowing he was doing so.
He can feel Cas’ breath land gently on his shoulder and neck, can feel the rise and fall of his chest against his back. He can feel the nervous energy Cas radiates.
For anyone lost Sam's words in Dean's head come from 1x10 and Dean's own words come from 3x10.
“My Castiel was killed years ago while we attempted to stop a massive world-ending apocalypse-like threat, I guess Chuck was too busy with you and your world to bother to check-in and save him.” the other Dean said bitterly, and Dean had to take a minute to be weirdly grateful that Chuck loved this world so much that Dean got Cas back and again and again when other Dean had spent years without his angel. “You have a fucking chance to have what we both know you’ve always wanted and you're blowing it because of what? Angsty repression that we both know ran out of fuel almost a decade ago?
He hates that his father is the same type of person that’s caused Dean to be as cautious as he is, as closed off and untrusting as he was when they first met. The same type of man that would have kicked Dean from their store over the slightest of things. The fact that Dean had to deal with any of that, that people couldn't see past one label
He learned quickly that while his family hadn’t noticed, Gabriel had. Cas told him that they had to be more careful because he wouldn’t survive the teasing, especially because it meant that Gabriel was far more correct than he first thought he was which, according to Cas, was an insufferable reality for him to have to live with.
(See the end of the chapter for
Alfie giggles and nods while Gabriel plays along and looks affronted.
Cas swallows with a bit of difficulty, clearly forcing the food down before he should have, and coughs once before he answers. “The land’s been in our family for a few generations,” Cas clears his throat after hearing how raspy it is and he’s silently grateful. “We work as much as we choose to and the money goes to simple things, food, clothes, Hannah’s care now I suppose… I can't remember the last time I saw much of the property listed on our records as having a payment due. We don't farm much as you can see, that's part of the reason why it has been so long since Pa has brought someone here to help.”
Worse still is that his father knows nothing of the life Dean lived, Castiel knows almost nothing of it himself and as such can’t judge Dean on any of his actions—which Dean seemed surprised at anytime he did tell Castiel something about his past—so how can his father judge Dean so harshly when he has no information to judge from.
Ice washes over Cas’ body as a thought swims to the front of his mind. One that, in all his wondering yesterday, never sprouted. Is it possible that Dean knew of his affections and as such was trying to make it as clear as possible that they were not returned?
His stomach churns when he digs it out of his closet, unwashed even after all this time. His fingers brush over the edge of the stain as his heart thumps painfully in his chest. Soon, soon Cas will be back with him, soon Dean can say all that he needs to say, he needs to believe that.
As he walks back to his house, he steals a few glances over his shoulder at the stables, each time he sees Dean’s head poking out from the side. Each time an identical smile makes its home on his kiss reddened lips. He thinks he may still have to give Gabriel a talk about not meddling but he can’t find it in him to be angry after what he gained from his older brother’s interference.
“That’s all I ask,” he replies. Cas leans in and presses a chaste kiss to his lips, and then another before he pulls back reluctantly.
She places an envelope on the back of the table and smoothes out the contract.
“Okay, but not for long I still have a fair bit of work to get through.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They spend the next while working through words he already understands: school, work, farm, horse among others. Words that he can see the explanation of without issue.
, Dean?”
There’s still a bit of an excited thrill in his chest about actually having documentation proving irrefutably that he is Dean Winchester, he likens it to the thrill of getting married even though you knew already that you would spend your life with that person at your side. Which he hopes Sam can understand considering he’s likely feeling this same thrill.
“Damn Cas don’t think I’ve ever heard you curse before. Didn’t know I was so special.”
Dean’s face falls when he tells him that he has to talk to his pa and can’t stay as long as he normally would, but this is important, it’s necessary to understand what caused this.
“And your walk brought you here? All this land and you ended up at the stables?” Dean asks clearly not believing him for a moment.
Dean’s hips pitch forward the moment his lips close around his head and something overcomes Castiel, causing him to shove Dean’s hips back against the wall, taking full control over the pleasure Dean can take from this.
The squared-off letters seem to mock him once he finishes, if Cas’d been here the letters would have been beautiful, a burst of power and it could have been script etched into the wood. Instead, it's his blocky ugly writing.
Cold washes over Dean’s body, chasing away all the warmth surrounding Cas that used to sit in his chest faster than a bullet. How could he be so stupid as to think that Cas was spending his time with him for any reason other than
“You can’t get rid of me that easily.”
The fire crackles and sends sparks into the night sky. The embers seem to move like water and the ash that falls reminds him of falling petals. It’s serene. Everything seems to move slower; the dull hum of night provides the perfect accompaniment to their quiet conversations.
Jody starts walking down the path towards the side of the farm closest to the town they’d just come from. Dean grabs Ringers reins and walks him alongside their small group.
“What? C’mon Cas it's a bit of blood, I've been dealt worse before. If your ma’s got a bit of wrap I’ll be fine.” It's a lot harder to convince Cas considering he's walking with a limp now that he’s noticed the cut.
At night Cas still spends time with him, they still write and read, the first night they read the information Jody had left just in case Dean needed help with some of the words—though he was pleased to learn that he needed less help than he would have thought.
He watches as Cas’ palms grip against the butt of the gun and notices how his strength is so clear in the hold he places on the metal. Suddenly all Dean wants is for those hands to be using their power on him, to have them caress him as they currently caress his pistol.
They still had a war to fight, they still had secrets that needed airing, they still had a peace they wanted to find.
.” Dean cuts him off with another grind. Cas bucks up into him and punches the breath clean from his lungs.
“Would I be asking if I wasn't sure?” he responds with a cocked brow. And at least he’s acting more like himself again, Dean thinks.
“Well, I'm real sorry to hear that,” the man offers, looking around the area. “Now, what can I do for you? Folks ‘round here don’t always take too kindly to strangers walking on their land but you’ve got nothing more than that sack there so I ain’t goin’ to chase you out. But you best answer honestly.” The look in the man’s eyes that speaks of hardened, ruthless resolve returns as he listens and grows nervous. To tell this man the truth is a death sentence, but to keep it may be one as well.
“Shit that kickback is stronger than I thought it would be. How come it didn't take you back like it did me?”
If Gabriel responds he doesn't hear it, too focused on the fact that as he turns his head, he catches sight of Dean watching him. Dean hasn't yet taken notice that he’s been caught in his staring and as such hasn’t had the wherewithal to stop. Castiel would have said a week or so ago that if he caught Dean watching him, his only feeling would have been that of excitement, but after the week he’s had all it does is fill him with an uncomfortable feeling somewhere between anger and disappointment.
Now just for clarities sake, Michael is apocalypse world Michael in this story, Raphael is in the male vessel, the other siblings are in their most well known/only vessels, and for the other children they've been aged down significantly so just imagine them in their most common/well known vessels but as children.
“You’re mighty fond of that word aren't you, ‘fine’. What is it? My pa would surely have both our hides if he found you were working with an injury, and while you may be okay with that, I am certainly not excited about the prospect of that particular activity because you won't ask for help where you need it.” It surprises him that Cas had taken notice of the grimace from the day before; he had thought he controlled it enough for it not to be noticed by him.
“You have more than enough already, give the bag back.”
“Back in the valley, we didn’t go to the doctor if something needed to be patched. More often than not we’d head to the saloon, clean the thing best we could and slap a piece of fabric over it for the blood. I don’t think I've ever seen as many supplies in one place as your ma’s got in that box,” he offers, perhaps as a starting point.
It takes Dean only a second longer to come back from the haze that must have hit him after he came. When he does, he reaches out and grasps Castiel by the neck, pulling him in for a starving kiss, bruising in its force and beyond incredible. He can’t help it when his hips rock forwards against Dean’s strong thigh, nor can he stop the small sound of relief as his aching cock gets even the slightest bit of attention.
His fingers play with the hair at the back of Cas’ neck, his arm loops around Cas shoulder keeping him close as they allow themselves to forget everything that isn’t them together like this, standing in their house, safe and blissfully alone.
else, he never did because if it went poorly, if Cas didn't feel that same way about him then he could lose everything all over again and it would be
Dean’s slack-jawed as she finishes speaking but he composes himself enough to say, “Yes Ma’am, th—thank you Ma’am.”
“No, my father only referred to me as ‘boy’ but I know that's not a name,” he pauses and eats more waiting on Cas’ response before he shares more, but he says nothing, he simply waits for him to finish with the bite and so he continues. “I named Sammy when I was a kid to get him in the schoolhouses. But when we lost my mama the fire took the house with her and our records were lost so I never had a name that I can recall.”
“Have you worked with a lot of horses before…”
“You aren’t the first person to threaten me Gabriel, and while I know you fully intend to make good on your words, you are also much less intimidating than some of the people who’ve uttered those other threats,” he says as they both stand, brushing the dirt from their pants.
Cas’ head lolls as Dean moves him. Vomit rushes to his throat and he swallows it down. It lolls again and he blinks away the tears, so many tears.
Cas comes up close behind Dean and, drawing him close, he says, “Come on, let's get settled in.” He pulls on his arm to get him to walk towards the house.
Chuck fucking salutes him from across the field and that’s the last straw. More than ever he needs to set this right because this isn't how their lives will be lived. This isn't how the world ends, not like this. Not at the hands of some half-cocked megalomaniac with too much time on his hands and an unhealthy obsession with watching them suffer.
He speaks so quickly Dean can’t even interrupt. He can hardly process it, let alone respond. Relief makes its home in his chest before his ribs constrict around it. A few words is all it would take and Castiel would be his for as long as he would allow it. But what can Dean offer him, how can Dean be the person Cas deserves?
An odd mix of anguish and anger lights a fire behind his ribs but he waits it out, if he’s going to explode, he wants it to be for good reason. So that in the future there would never be even a sliver of regret or doubt of his actions when he thought back to the moment.
Hannah comes and sits beside him, healthy and happy and he starts crying then but no one seems to notice, a saving grace if he's ever seen one. He tells her that her history doesn’t define her. That her past is something to be proud of and everything in life adds to who she’s becoming each day. He promises that one day these past weeks will be nothing more than a distant memory or a story to tell at a party. Tells her that she can live out her dream of becoming a seamstress and makes her understand that he supports every part of that endeavour.
Dean starts at that, he doesn't trust these men anymore than he had before but if all they want is a few coins he thinks that chances are, they’ll be able to walk away from this without issue.
Light shines through the cracks in the door and his nerves heighten more. It’s likely he won't be able to see who it is once they open the door, blinded by the light for a second, which has always been a second too long. He’s easy prey, every move this person makes works in their favour.
“Can I assume that the scars here—” Cas says calling his attention from the ground and tapping his own forehead and cheekbone, and damn Cas has really nice cheekbones—soft and full begging to be caressed by a pair of lips—but he shuts that train of thought down quick enough to give him whiplash, “—are also partly from that?” Cas finishes with a tap to his chin as well.
Dean lifts Cas’ arm and pulls his palm up to his mouth, laying gentle warm kisses into the heel of his hand and the palm, hating how it makes something flutter in his chest, he shouldn't let himself indulge in any way, it’ll only make the sting worse when Cas sends him on his way, or when he eventually must leave.
Jody quickly signs her name, long and scrawling, taking the care to make fancy the few loops her name in cursive has. Castiel realizes at the same time as Dean that Dean doesn’t know how to write in cursive.
He catches Jody watching him, clearly giving Dean the space to write out the farm’s name without any interference. Castiel knows that for this to work Jody can’t know what farm Dean is choosing until after the contract is completed.
They follow the power to the church it came from stopping on the way for some gas and some food. Dean heads off to the washrooms to collect himself, to remind himself that this could be nothing and that working himself up over it is a sure-fire way to get crushed again if it doesn't pan out.
“Well I want to be a teacher, it’d be a good way to see if I’m able to teach an age other than children, plus you already speak with little issue so it shouldn't be too hard to teach you past the basics. With my siblings, I could never get to teach them past learning the alphabet and reading small books but if you wanted I could teach you all that and then take it further and use some of my old books,” Cas says with waning confidence.
“Mine,” Cas says with an awed growl, he buries himself to the hilt once more and Dean’s eyes roll back at the feeling of Cas’ come emptying deep inside him. He feels each pulse of his cock as Cas’ orgasm is milked from him and feels each kiss pressed to his hot skin.
If he looks, he can see Dean mulling about doing his work. He’s been able to see Dean through the windows here and there the entire time Dean’s been with them but hadn’t needed to catch glimpses of him because he was normally right there with him—or would be soon. And as frustrated and confused as he is with the entire situation, his eyes still seek Dean out whenever they can. He catches Gabriel’s eye a few times afterwards, and though he may be imagining it, he thinks he sees an understanding in his brother's face that scares him. Not because it means being found out, he would put money on Gabriel knowing his secret long before Dean ever showed up, but because if his brother could piece it together from the looks Castiel keeps sending to an unreceptive Dean, he was a lot less subtle than he thought.
They make it to the doorway and Cas stops, he knocks his head towards the lights before stepping back and heading to the wash closet.
“You working for one of the farms ‘round here?” she questions. Dean can see her take in all the damage to his face but she makes no comment, she doesn't even react.
“I want you to teach me to shoot now. You said that it was too loud to do before, but now no one’s around to hear us.”
Dean sighs in resignation, Cas cropping up in his head at the idea of having a partner is just cruel. Cruel to him and cruel to Cas, a man with such promise and capabilities, to imagine him stuck to someone like Dean for the rest of his life. What can Dean offer to him that he doesn't already have? What can Dean do for him considering the life he’s led? It matters not, Dean may be privy and well versed to immoral actions in the eyes of God but Cas, Cas was—he’s cut off as words flit through his mind,
One week on the Novak’s farm turned to two, which turned to three almost as quickly, but that wasn’t to say that a lot hadn’t happened or that the farm was at all calm. Dean’s shoulder had healed quite well, though it clicked sometimes as the temperature changed throughout the day, especially as night approached.
“They’d really keep you here like that when they know how much you want to do more?”
He finds his parents in the parlour, they sit talking and sharing the settee, his father's arm thrown over the back, his mother in the space it’s made. Castiel smiles, a final memory of his parents displaying affection he so rarely sees from them. He’s stopped when the sheer number of lasts in his upcoming days hits him.
Cas comes out of the house, catching the screen door before it slams and walks towards him with their breakfast, his chest flutters as he gets closer, the pull he feels gaining strength as their proximity increases, he fights against a smile and the giddiness in his chest—he used to rib Sam for getting worked up over a kid at school when he was a child, coming back beaming because they talked to him or what have you, but he understands it more now, as much as it worries him to—and just as he walks the last steps a wish that has been stirring in the back of his mind comes true. In the early morning light that shines from over his shoulder, he finally gets a glimpse of his eyes.
No, it’s not that Dean is worried that Cas will leave, it's that he knows Cas would be so racked with guilt that it might kill him. Ever since his second night spent in Cas’ company, he’s known that Cas carries the weight of the world on his shoulders. Guilt follows him for every minor infraction or misstep, and if anything was going to cause guilt in him, it would be putting himself first, choosing what he wants, what he
“You want to do it Cas?” he questions cheekily. “Wanna split me open on your fingers? Mmm, are you gonna give me what I really want.” Dean doesn’t frame the last one as a question; it sounds far too much like he’s begging.
If Dean knows anything it's that things are always quiet before something bad happens. A calm before the storm.
Dean can tell that Cas wants to ask about the scars, he can tell that as much as he wants to, he equally doesn't, both because he knows it to be crass to do as such, and because he might not want to know the stories they carry.
He grumbles lowly, Cas is just too green, a curious man with a new subject, he doesn’t care for the answers he gets, he doesn’t seem to know to share the information around and harm his already damaged reputation. That same feeling from the first night settles in him again, he wants to be known by someone, his trust in the man comes back as unfounded as before but just as strong. And just as it had, it scares him, but he ignores his better judgement.
“God fuck
Cas opens the door and he stumbles in after him. The last dregs of sunlight stream in through the room’s windows, painting the walls in gentle yellows and pinks. If he had the mind for it, he would admire its beauty. He doesn’t though and the swaths go unnoticed as his thoughts begin to race.
The man begins to offer up information about himself freely, as though he’s never met a person who could use such information against him. Never met a person with a vendetta or a price on their heads.
His burns had cleared up leaving an addition to his scar collection in the form of faint pink lashings across the top of his right shoulder. Luckily for him, they’d never festered, Cas had redressed them daily, checking for issues and changes.
Considering he was still coming out of his tunnel-visioned haze. Dean doesn't remember it all that well but it sounds about right so he nods anyways.
He looks up at Cas, who is staring back at him with a wistful smile adorning his face. He holds out his hand, the scars standing out against the tan of his skin, but where he normally would care, he doesn't, he simply waits for Cas to reach out as well and as he clasps their hands together and as the jolt he knew would tear up his arm settles in his heart he says, “Hi, my name’s Dean, Dean Winchester.”
“She’s a baby, Cas! She’s not even a year old yet,” he defends.
“He says that’ll you’ll be staying to help ‘round the farm? Ever since my older siblings left, I've had to set my studies back to work. I’m glad that I can go back to my lessons with some focus.”
Cas leans in close, resting their foreheads together and conspiratorially whispers, “Good, because I really didn’t want to change it.” into the scant space between them.
“You beat me to it though, and then—well we both know what happened next.” His fingers are ice when they wipe the tears from his eyes. They jolt him, a shock to his system.
All his work takes him the better part of the days between their return and the arrival of the interested party. So much so that he’s hardly had time for his proper chores. Much to his father's likely upset, Cas has again put off his work with Charles to aid Dean in completing what he’s not able to do on his own.
These are the last moments that he’ll sit in the schoolroom, a place that has for so long been a safe haven and a haunted landscape. Where he learned and taught and screamed and played. Where Balthazar read his first book tucked in against Castiel's arm. Where Gadreel stays alive in the art still tacked to the wall.
It seems our unnamed man is going to stick around a little longer. Besides it's only a week, really how much can happen in that time, I mean it's only a few more days right?
Tragedy always ends and some lucky few live to see the other side. The tragedy of longing, wanting, having, and losing, makes getting it back all the more sweet.
Cas stands abruptly and grabs for Dean’s torn pants, the blush staining his cheeks does not go unnoticed by Dean and it infuriates him that he can’t ask, that it’s too risky to expose himself as such. He stays seated as Cas looks around.
. And that's a sin he still needs to atone for, big time.
Cas makes a noncommittal hum in response before following it with, “I can’t imagine he quite enjoys this song and dance, perhaps I have been letting him unlearn it all just to test your abilities with him, prove to myself what my father already believes.”
“Shockingly, we disagree again,” Cas says with a pointed look. “See just two days ago I said I wanted to be your friend, and you, for all that I can think, agreed to that ask. Now I'm not sure if you know this but friends help each other whenever the other needs it.”
“You know,” Cas says a little while later. “You showing up on our farm was the start of my new life too. I was drifting, I knew that I didn’t want what my parents wanted of me but I never truly saw a way to avoid it. I’d dreamed of course, of how it might happen but I had almost completely resigned myself to giving in. That is until you came into my life, I remember those first days, weeks even, I knew that if you looked hard enough, you’d see right through me. Something about you, the stories you told me, the way you let me in, it had me hooked so quickly that there was no way I could have stopped it if I'd wanted to. I looked at you and saw all that my life could be, if I was brave enough, bold enough, to go after it.” Cas gives him a self-satisfied look. “And so I did.”
Cas knees his way over to Dean just as he settles back down onto the blanket. Dean rolls so Cas can fit himself in the empty space in front of him. Before they fully settle each takes a moment to cover themselves again.
Dean and Cas had planned for Cas to stop in at the roadhouse just in time for the end of his and Sam’s lunch so that if the dice would fall in such a way that Sam became angry, they all had the ability to leave.
His feet carry him to the stables much faster than he’s used to and he has to pause when he nears the door, stealing his courage to confront Dean. Though, it's all for nought because Dean isn’t in the stables. He sees the horses though, spots Ringer, who is already doing far better than either he or his pa would have thought after only two weeks of training, standing calmly in his stable.
Oh, Dean thinks, so Cas is going to follow a plan, be it school or marriage. He plans to make more of himself, and from what he’s told Dean, it’ll mean leaving. Who better to ask than the man who's left everything behind more than once in his life, who’s strongest tie is to an adult sibling (who Dean fears only wants to keep him in his life for the comfort of their shared childhood)? His chest constricts upon itself, if he’d let himself dream, the reason Cas wasn’t offering to go with him was because he just wasn’t ready to leave, that his connections to his home are too strong. Then again, if he’s asking about it, didn’t that prove he was ready to leave, and that he just didn’t care to leave with Dean?
“I asked about you after he came home the day before last; felt it was necessary to gain whatever information I could about you,” Gabriel says with another sly look.
“Please don’t shut me out again.”
“Sam I swear, I think he cares more about that horse than he does about me.” Dean’s about to protest but Cas doesn’t lose speed. “He calls her baby constantly, to a degree that I often wonder if he’s forgotten her name.”
Cas looks up and catches Dean watching him. He isn’t able to look away fast enough, too caught up in the man to notice that he was turning his head, and before he can start to try to cover what he had just been doing, Cas’ previous frown turns itself into a little smile. The feature reaches his eyes and it steadies something within Dean’s chest.
“Cassie’s always been one to shy from formality and propriety because he thinks himself unworthy of the titles. Me, I just don’t like them, ask my wife, as much as I seem to conform, I do quite despise tradition.”
His heart slams in his chest as the door to the barn opens slightly, the blood rushing through his ears almost blocks out the… knock?
Did I give them a sappy, cliche, and all around fluff filled ending? Yes. Did they deserve an ending like that after everything? Absolutely.
He spends a few more minutes in his room, knowing that for the next few days he won’t have this quiet space to retreat to after a long day. He savours it while he can; it’s enough to know that it will be here as a safe haven once the chaos of the week is done.
Hearing Dean talk about leaving gave him that final push. Castiel is done living his life as though he’s waiting for it to start without him. He’s done waiting around for the day his parents will understand and accept that he doesn't want what they want.
“I went on a walk, needed to get out of the house for a bit,” he lies with a raised eyebrow, hoping to tell Dean that he heard the slip-up.
had given him and instead decided that by his clothes and scarred skin he must be trouble. Never allowing their assumptions to be challenged, never allowing Dean the benefit of the doubt as a bare minimum.
How was he already forgetting all of the little things that made him fall for the fallen angel, heaven's most loved, heaven's most corrupted.
He avoids eye contact with Cas despite the man trying fervently to catch his gaze, “My pack cord caused it Ma’am, it's not troubling me I assure you. I wouldn’t want you wasting your time on something like that, not when you're already gonna be helpin’ me so much as is.”
Castiel had been forced to deal with his own trauma by himself, thankfully Gabriel saw it for what it was and stepped in to help him offload even a small portion of it, despite it meaning that Gabriel would end up dealing with far more than he should have to at his age as well.
There's something haunting within the tragedy of longing, wanting, having and then knowing you will or could be losing it all.
Gabriel is watching him now as though Dean would have cause to argue with him. As if he ever would.
Dean gets cornered by his alternate universe self and gets some sense talked into him. Which just so happens to be overheard by a certain angel.
They leaned against the counter instead of sitting at the table, Dean doing so in case he needs to flee in a moment and Cas following suit because he knows Dean needs that choice.
Castiel is about to leave to help Dean with the day's work when his father stops him. They leave together and make their way over to the livestock barn where Dean is fixing another set of lashings.
“Thank you, Ma’am, the feeling is mutual,” Dean says with a smile of his own.
“You’re new.” He stops entirely, suppressing a small shudder at the voice the man owns, low and rough as though he isn’t used to using it. “My pa doesn’t often bring in new people to the farm. That's why my siblings have been spyin’ on you since you arrived. I wouldn’t be surprised if some are still looking.”
He’s never seen Cas act so oddly. He’s careful not to think too heavily on it, not wanting to project his wants or hopes onto Cas’ behaviour when almost anything could have caused the oddity.
“No, it's just the jelly is seeping into the gauze more than I thought it would, and at this point it looks no different from the fluid the burns could be making. But I looked at it not half an hour ago so I know it’s fine, we’ll just have to keep an eye on it so that if it does start with the pus, we don’t miss it.”
“Certainly, room thirteen, up the stairs on the left. The wash closet is connected so you’ll be able to wash without issue.” When Dean sends her a quizzical look she explains, “Jody said to set you up with the best accommodation we could if you stopped in.”
Why would Dean want to subject Cas to that fate when he could make it so Cas could live as he should? Where one day he’ll get to be old and content, sitting on a porch watching his legacy fold out in front of him in the form of happy children.
I can't even pick a talking point about this one because so much went down but uhh so much for Dean's one week stay huh?
into his soul
Dean went through it in that chapter, emotionally at least. Cas on the other hand went through it physically. But hey they made it out alive, didn't they? That's got to count for something right?
He laughs morosely at himself; it would be just his fate to learn the true breadth of the feelings he holds for Dean at the same moment that he was at risk to lose Dean. And it would be his fate to do nothing about that realization. Not that this train of thought hasn’t played in his mind repeatedly since earlier that week. It hurts, even though they were his direct actions—or inactions—which led him to where he now finds himself.
He can't help but spend a few more minutes in Dean’s presence, his once tough exterior chipped away again. Castiel knows that Dean has a kind heart, it’s as clear as can be through the sacrifices he has made for his brother. But to be allowed to see the softer side of him again, especially after everything that has happened this week, is so much greater than he would have thought.
“You seem to have a really hard time grasping the whole, I’m you, you're me thing about this situation aren't you?” the other Dean replied easily with a playful smile on his face, not at all bothered or startled by Dean's abrupt arrival and apparently finding Dean’s shock amusing. “We have similar sleeping and eating schedules because y’know we’re each other.”
Sam pulls back confused and screws his face up, “Helping you with what?”
He wasn't too proud to say that those words set off alarm bells in his head, ‘we need to talk’ is never a phrase you want to hear from the person your - dating? Involved with? Ridiculously in love with and have been for ten years?
, over what others want.
“I’ll make sure to write more Cassie, I promise. It doesn't make up for it fully, but then again nothing can compare to having the real me in your presence,” Gabriel says with an insufferable smile as he pulls back. Castiel just can’t help it and shoves his brother for being an idiot.
“I don’t know much ‘bout that Sir, my mama and father both died when I was young, I wasn’t quite eight when my father was killed and my mama died the day Sam was born; a candle got knocked clean over and set the house up in flames. I was just over four when she passed on.” He doesn’t wait to hear the reaction from the man. He knows what kind of stuff comes out of a man's mouth when they’ve never known pain. It's always pity, and he hates being pitied. “I’ve been on my own with Sam since then, a kindly lady opened her shed to us on the harsh nights when we were first on our own but that’s about all the free help we got.”
Cas shrugs, “Not exactly, we could use them, I’m sure of it, but we don’t
“Sam’s getting married,” he says before Sam has a chance to even open his mouth.
A countdown plays in their heads and ours, the final moments aren’t the same but they hurt regardless. One year until an empty grave is adorned with a headstone the location of the ashes of who should be found there are lost still. Less than that until a ring is to be slipped onto a finger, a death sentence as much as the grave.
“Of course they do, I’m their favourite,” Gabriel jokes, but Castiel can see the understanding in his eyes. Gabriel turns again to grab their bags and Castiel catches sight of Kali.
He ignores the pain as best as he can, ignores the quiet of the night as it’s punctured with sounds of lord-knows-what and he settles himself against a tree for the night. He has no desire to stop and rest, keen to put distance between him and the town, but his body refuses to move forward.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s got a point you know?” He heard from behind him and his heart stopped beating.
The moment snapped in two when Remy started huffing in her stable, Cas backed up quickly, looking resolutely at the floor as he picked up the saddle and hung it himself. The ease of the abrupt movement and the strength Cas held in his solid frame had Dean’s mind betraying him once again.
Trying his best to conceal it, he tucks the gun into the back of his pants. He’s never been one to use a holster before and with the trepidation he still feels he's not sure if having one would benefit him now or if it would escalate a situation that he needs to not have escalate.
He tests a theory after the possibility of Michael opening Death’s book turns out to be a bust because what else can he do really? Dean calls Sam and Jack into the bunker’s gym, if you could even call it that—at best it's a sparring room. Which is exactly what it's going to be used for now.
He’s about to head to Dean’s barn when he hears a thump from behind the stable. He rounds the corner and sees Dean fumbling with the roofing pieces that his pa had mentioned needing to be installed to keep the horses comfortable.
“Well shit, I guess I am.” He offers a weak smile that he can tell Cas doesn't buy for a second, “Can your ma patch that up too? I’d hate to get a scar,” Dean says more playfully.
Sam used to come back from school all the time with stories, he’d share them with a light in his eyes he never thought he’d be able to understand or experience. How long has he spent not wanting to be a victim of circumstance, wanting a life he never thought he can have simply because Sam deserved to go to school.
He’s keeping busy as best he can, walking Ringer around the paddock and stroking his hand through his mane. He speaks lowly to the animal, clicks his tongue every so often to hold his attention. It doesn't escape his notice when Charles and the buyer begin their walk over to him, he tries best he can not to seem on edge. Not only would they possibly pick up on it but Ringer most certainly would and Dean knows that making a horse jumpy is a sure-fire way to ruin a deal.
It hits him slowly that the first word he wrote out that he didn’t have any knowledge of before was his name, a smile breaks out on his face that he has little success in dampening.
He rides in suffocating silence, his chest seems to implode in on itself with each breath he manages to take, every time he looks over to or checks on Cas the pit inside him grows deeper, ready to swallow him forever. They ride for five hours before Cas comes to beside him.
“Dean, yours may have less kind origins but they are no more your fault than this is mine. You were trying to survive, you’ve told me as much if not in so many words, hell I’ve given and been given scars for what I’ve done for a bit of my sister’s baking, and that was purely a want, not a need. You can’t survive without effort; you can’t survive without fighting.”
It's a couple days of ‘translating’ before Sam has something that might actually work to set things right in the cosmic goo that is the empty.
At night, when the quiet lulled him into a false sense of security, he could dream of a life that was like the one he saw in the Novak family. Peaceful, never having to look over his shoulder for danger, never having to fear his place in a community if the wrong person with a loud mouth rode in, never having to keep moving forward—even if only physically. Putting miles between one thing or another but never quite moving forward within yourself.
It’s night by the time Cas and Dean get more than a second of quiet together and Dean’s beside himself with nerves, scared to go through with the decision, scared not to, scared to talk about it, scared of what might happen if he holds it all in.
“I’m here on behalf of my and a few other farms to offer you a job with one of us,” Jody says with a confused look, “Ringer is only part of our interest, Charles thought it best to offer someone with such promise the chance to work on a larger farm, with fewer responsibilities outside of equestrian work. In short, we’d like to recruit you as it were, and Ringer as an addition to you, as we’ve been told that he’s being broken in for riding instead of labour. I would have thought you would have been told this prior to my arrival?”
The sun begins to set when he washes for dinner. As he dresses he hears the commotion from his younger siblings, curious he sticks his head into the space of his bedroom window and his breath catches against his will.
It’s not the most lustful or romantic thing he’s ever experienced but he’d take a flagging erection over Cas getting hurt any day, no question.
Showing up with cuts, bruises and two bullet wounds between them isn't going to go unnoticed and there are few ways to play off such injuries. All he can hope is that Jody isn't the type to get a sheriff involved.
He doesn't let himself think about what his life will be like when he’s able to finally live it as he wishes. It hurts equally too much to imagine Dean’s face in his fantasy as it does to imagine a faceless man as a stand in.
“You spend so much time with someone like that Castiel and I assure you something will go wrong. Already has if you ask me, the boy walks around calling you by a name like ‘Cas’, as though he knows you.” Dean hears what he thinks to be a scoff before the scathing tone starts up again, the words it speaks sending a chill down his spine, “I have half a mind to send him on his way, he’s more trouble than he’s worth even with his work on the horses.”
fuck, oh fuck Cas,” he grits out as Cas fucks him into oblivion.
He’s holding a bowl that is steaming gently and his stomach shows its interest despite his chest feeling as though concrete had been poured to fill the empty spaces. Cas’ face was normally so open, fresh and happy but now, the haunting he thought he had seen that first night mars his face, but it’s different, it goes deep in a different way, it takes control of his body and mind, and he thinks that if he looks hard enough into his eyes he might be able to see what it is that has him so morose.
“Why do you have so many cuts on you?” she asks referring to his scars, which stand out against his tanned skin. He hadn’t even realized his sleeves were up, each day he’s grown more comfortable with them, mostly thanks to Cas and his constant and unwavering acceptance of the marks on his body, no matter if what caused them was his fault or not.
” stop his breath cold on every listen. He doesn’t allow himself to look too deeply into that, he’s long since accepted himself and delving into beliefs of a time long since past does no one any good.
His chest is a cave, a ravine that drags all of him inside it. It bleeds him until there's not so much left to fill a thimble and then it bleeds him some more. And he lets it, he sits by and happily dies in a way he’s never known a person could die.
“I was wondering, and bear with me,” the seemingly yellow eyed man says, “what we could do to possibly acquire a few of your supplies. See we’re without horses, without provisions and we are still miles from the nearest town. Certainly, two upstanding citizens such as yourselves could find it in your hearts to lend some help?”
“Can you write this one, valley, like where you grew up?”
He looks back at the face of the man, shadows fall across it, defining its hills and valleys like a map, but his face is open and pure and he feels like he could be trusted with this, trusted with at least parts of the truth. He's not sure what it is about this man but the last time he felt this way was with Sam.
Sam spends a bit asking for clarification on which of Cas’ siblings are which, and honestly, Dean can’t blame him, with thirteen siblings it’s not easy keeping them straight in your head.
Dean blinked his eyes, the darkness fading as the dim light illuminated the bunker's infirmary. He had no memory of being moved, hell he had no memory of surviving the fight.
Instead, he arches his spine slightly and sends his lower half back towards Cas. A low growl tells him he hit his mark but he doesn’t react, instead he acts as though he’s focusing all his attention on Ringer.
With Hannah’s return home, the Novak’s had cause to celebrate. Cas had told him that his older brothers and sister were due to come home in a few days. The arrival had spirits running even higher than they had when Hannah recovered.
With nothing else to do Dean scoops Cas into his arms and carries him to the carriage. He packs everything up again, stuffing clothes under Cas head and upper back to make him comfortable and to keep his shoulder elevated. He drapes a shirt best he can over Cas’ torso.
In the last couple years, he’d found himself getting into the habit of sleeping a full night almost every night and switching back to his ‘needed four hours’ is harder than he would have thought. But he struggles through the fatigue because he needs to make this right, needs Cas to come home.
“So Sam what's new with you,” Cas asks, his thumb rubs gently against his thigh and the touch is so grounding he can almost feel his chest glow with the security he feels.
He still marvels at the ease the two of them have together and how they interact with each other. The light jabs and underhanded compliments would be unheard of with so many other couples, but the two of them understand each other and Castiel couldn't have asked for a better woman to keep at his brother’s side for the rest of his life.
“I couldn't give a good god damn if it affects your work, that's not why I'm concerned, if you're hurt, I want to know so I can help you.” There is something gentle in Cas’ eyes as he says this, something that he can’t begin to put a name to because he’s not sure anyone has trained that expression on him before. Still, it irks him.
His mouth is sealed around all of the words Cas needs to hear, all the words that he needs to say. How can he even begin to tell Cas how sorry he is, how scared he’s been, how he would do it all over again if it meant Cas would be safe, even if it meant that Cas would hate him.
Cas rifles through some more before saying, “Anael says that she’s looking into midwifery or nursing before she looks to find a husband and Alfie just lost his third tooth and, according to Balthazar, looks quite lopsided when he smiles.”
He tosses his head back a broken string of, “Mhm, ah ah, fuck yes, uhh please.” the only sounds he’s able to make and Cas latches on to the skin of his throat briefly, just long enough to sink his teeth in the smallest amount and a long keening whine rips itself from his lungs.
He’s been in this odd liminal space more times than he can count but Castiel hasn’t and Dean’s not sure how he’s going to take the feeling that comes with being this far from anything that resembles civilization. There's something about it that makes you feel uniquely small, and alone even with another person beside you. Yet oddly grandiose, being the only person to be able to break the silence of the space, the only one to leave marks in the earth. It’s sobering and wonderful and terrifying all at once and Dean relishes in the oddness of the moments spent in places like this.
It's at the man's words of thanks that he first understands just how much trouble he has found himself in.
He nods fervently, whining with the praise, it’s cut off when Cas angles his hips, every thrust drives into his prostate without pause. Stars burst behind his eyes screwed shut with the immense pleasure coursing through his veins.
“You told me love drove me, you said that I fought for everything because of love, that I taught you how to and fuck Cas I don’t know how that's possible. But I’ve fought for nearly forty years because of love and there's no way in hell I am stopping that now. I’m going to fight for you, I’ll fight Chuck for you, I’ll fight against the anger that still lives inside me and dammit I’ll fight to get you back because no fucking way am I losing you forever after that speech. If love drives me Cas then you, you…” Dean takes a deep breath. “Happiness is in just saying it, but I can’t tell a piece of wood, so I’ll wait until you are back, because I
Though he hadn’t gotten the chance to go out with dinner that night he was able to spend the next few days with Winchester even if his mind was clouded with the wellbeing of his sister. He’d quickly learned that of all the things Winchester was, stubborn might take first place.
Cas fidgets where he’s standing before he turns to him, “I know it's a big ask but could I sit? While you eat at least, being in the house right now will surely result in nothing good for any person on the farm.”
He makes no show of removing Dean’s offending clothing, too needy himself to wait even a second longer than required to have what he wants presented to him. When his cock bobs free, thick and leaking at the tip, he moans and presses himself into Dean’s pelvis and tongues at the heavy base of it.
“No, I said you needed to let people be your friend, I did not at all say that you should try to do so yourself. Like me and Ibby, you and making friends isn't pretty.”
“You’re good with them, they listen to you. Took me forever to make sure Sammy would listen to me like that.”
Dean said nothing and looked resolutely at the floor, thinking absentmindedly that it could use mopping; his plate of snacks now completely forgotten.
Cas pushes his mouth away from Dean’s and begins to mark his upper chest, teeth and tongue and sealed lips make their journey over his chest. He burns as Castiel maps him out again and again. He burns and Castiel treasures it.
What’s the quote? ‘
Castiel watches as his father turns back to him, a smile on his face that he doesn't like. Granted his father could present him with anything he'd ever wanted and it still wouldn't be enough, not after last night.
and he doesn't want it to stop just because his knees are going to be sore tomorrow. He shifts with one thrust and his knee decides it’s had enough. Cas picks up on the pain and lifts his hips up with one arm, doing little really to support his weight but enough to stop him from sinking back down his length.
His throat burned as he worked. The same knife sliced skin wide so that protection could be painted onto a door that was never going to hold. Cas was always ready to bleed for him, always ready to do whatever he needed to keep him safe.
He nods gently, not much more than a single rise and fall of his head, but still, it answers whatever question Dean saw fit to ask.
“Are you nervous?” Cas asks after a moment.
“I know Ma, I do. But I am getting closer to the age where I need to be able to support myself and pushing that back until such a time that I am married will only set me back further. Make it so that I can’t support myself when the time comes.”
Through a half-formed sob Cas says, “Sweet dreams Hannah.” before he leaves the room. His shoulders tense once he's past the threshold and Dean can tell he’s trying not to turn back. His hand grips tightly onto the door frame before he moves away from it, disappearing from Dean’s sight.
He oscillates the smallest amount as he stands at Dean’s door before finally speaking.
They return their tools and start walking to the machine shed, he’s glad to be out of the barn, the fresh air of the farm makes him feel free in a way he’s never known before, he doesn’t let the fact that he will never have that freedom bother him.
He lets himself get swept up in the tale of his latest hunting trip and again tentatively accepts an offer to go out with the lot of them next time if his schedule allows it. It’s not that he’s overly busy on Jody’s ranch, in fact if he wanted, his job could be pretty hands off, but he loves his job because it’s hands on, why would he give that up simply because it wasn't required of him.
“Pants, off now,” Cas grits as his nails dig into his sides.
He feels foolish having to ask but he knows without the help he won’t have a chance to say it and he doesn’t want to upset this man.
“Besides, even they can tell that while you are so
(See the end of the chapter for
did not, and one afternoon while Dean and Sam were out at class or work or the library - there were so many places for Dean to be now, back before his resurrection Cas could have just walked around the grounds of the manor until he came upon him but now Dean is as hard for Cas to find as his place in this new time is - he finds a station that played a lovely song with a piano (Sam later told him it was an ‘indie station’, he doesn’t know how to tell him that he has no idea what that means) soft lyrics fell upon his ears and he lost his afternoon to menial tasks while the music floated from the small machine.
His spend shoots between them, coating their chests and stomachs in stripe after stripe.
The farm breathes the life of a new day, as only it can after a night of heavy rain. He opens the creaking door and watches the waving mist reach into the sky before it disappears, reborn into that form for no more than a few hours and again dies to be reborn as rain that falls or streams that flow. He wishes the lives of people could have a rebirth that was so seamless and lacking in anguish, that it wasn't a fight of blood and tears and pain but a dance of air and light and the warming ground.
He can see that Dean is gearing up to rebuke him so he continues far quicker than he would have liked, “I had to askew my father’s growing assumptions, if he believed what he had for any longer we both would have been in trouble, hell we might have both been in danger.”
For the longest time he can do nothing but look, words that fight to break free, stay trapped behind the years of burying what he always felt, stay tapped behind the last dam he has standing in his soul the soul Cas saved—a good lot that did. He knows the dam won’t hold forever and all he can do is imagine the damage when it does finally break.
“Castiel, thank God, your father will be back in a minute and Anael is getting Alfie ready for dinner, could you please finish setting up the table.” Although it was technically a request there was no misunderstanding in the fact that it was actually an order, and one that was expected to be followed without hesitation.
One night he plays the song for Dean, when the spring shoots are digging their way to the surface and the snowdrops are withering. He says nothing when Dean’s hold on him tightens as the song plays, he doesn’t mention the hitches in his husband’s breath or the redness in his eyes when Dean hits replay on the song. He doesn’t bring up the way this song seems to recount their story with startling accuracy, he knows Dean understands.
Watching his siblings run around playing and reading, huddled around one of the novels they have, a family favourite if Castiel remembers anything from his own childhood, seeing their smiles and the proud way they show him that they’ve completed their work, Castiel wishes he never had to leave the house at all.
Pulling back at just the right moment to avoid getting smacked in the face by a fast moving forehead, he smiles down at the ruffled hair of his younger sister.
His attention is snapped back to Dean, on his knees for him, as he pulls down the band of his pants and releases his erection from its confines. He watches in awe as Dean runs his tongue along the ridge of his cockhead and his hips jerk forward when Dean laps at the milky fluid that's collected at his slit.
“Suppose I can’t,” he resigns to allow Cas to take the win with this exchange, not bothering to fight the battle he had little interest in any longer and resolutely ignoring the smile that threatens to grace his lips.
“Okay, there's nothing more to do except send you off to the barn, you’ll rest up the rest of the day, Castiel will be out with your supper later on.” She starts to gather up her supplies, soiled cloths rolled up and secured together, she hands one to Cas who wipes off the excess jelly, and a wetted one to Dean who takes it and starts to wipe off the blood that's caked to his legs. He can’t save his pants, but he has the one other pair in his pack that he supposes will be fine to use.
He manages to gather the metal facilities to mouth along the flushed skin of Cas’ neck, he pinches the lobe of his ear between his teeth and pulls, he prides himself in Cas’ answering groan and roll of hips against his ass.
“Cas, man, I don’t know any more than you do what made your pa contact the farms, but he did and I’ve got to go with the safest option, I’m not exactly jonesing to be out of work again.”
“When do you think you’ll leave?” Cas asks. He sends him a quizzical look; they both know that Dean only has a few days left on the farm before he needs to leave to honour his contract.
There's no right answer but he nods regardless. The way Cas is saying his name is a dark promise and it pulls a low moan from his chest.
“Despite that you’ve been distracted, I knew that allowing that boy to stay on the farm would mean a bit more work at the start, and I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt, but it's been over a month that he’s been here helping and all he’s seem to have done is cause stalls in everything.” Castiel wants to interrupt, wants to make it known that Dean being here has been far more beneficial than not, but how can he do so without exposing himself. “And I'm not only talking about the farm or the animals. And while I must admit he’s made strides with Ibby, Castiel, the boy has been taking you away from your studies and your responsibilities and I can’t for the life of me figure out why you are allowing this. He’s some vagrant, he’s not worth a second more than it takes to tell him how to manage a hammer,” Charles finishes dismissively with an aggressive fling of his arm towards the barn Dean’s sleeping in.
“Hey little guy,” Gabriel says when Alfie unearths his face. “I know you probably don’t remember me much but I’m one of you big brothers, like Cassie but better because I’m bigger of a brother.”
every errant touch, every healing caress, every time he could feasibly hold Cas as a partner
How could he have been so foolish, so childish to imagine a happy ending for himself, even if that ending was simply having a friend for once in his miserable life?
Striding up beside him, Dean’s a bit taken aback by the impressive stance of the horse. Ringer stands just taller than him, larger than most horses so Dean stands up on the siding of his stall to get a good look at him.
“Either way, you still managed to take a horse that we’d been trying to break in, and finally do so.”
In the man’s hands is a small basket, and his stomach riots at the sight of the food he notices inside.
He’d always left his past behind him, hoping each time that it would stay there—though it never actually did—but he’d never learned to
It’s been a while since he last talked while he visited, the dam broke finally or rather the levels grew too high on one side and it began to leak. Still, back then he hadn’t said much of anything.
“Much obliged.” As he’s beginning to work him through, settling into the routine they had worked out, Ibby’s maybe a week or two away from being fully broken in, a good sign no doubt. As he goes about the work his shoulder twinges with his movement and he isn't able to catch the hiss of pain before it escapes his mouth.
Just the thought starts a domino effect, his mind rushing through everything he wanted and everything he’ll never get now and it’s so overwhelming it sends him to his knees. Of course, because he clearly will never be able to catch a break, all it does is remind him of the last time they were in purgatory together, the fear and heartbreak that shook him to his core, the devastation of Cas brushing off what he wanted to say because fuck it was so much more than his prayer.
“Oh,” Sam breathes, understanding written all over his face.
Dean steps forward and picks up the pen from the only table in the stables. Absently Castiel hears Ringer huff; he hears the drone of the insects and the calls of the birds, but it all seems disconnected from him.
A little while later, as he sits with his back against the wood of the stall, his body stretched out trying to release some of the tension that's found its way deep into his muscles he hears the clatter of the screen door. Moments later Cas—still in his work clothes—rounds the corner and pauses before he steps fully across the threshold of his space. He looks weighed down, a weariness he has yet to see in the man and he wishes he could comfort him, the way he’s seen so many others give and get comfort, tell him soft truths and softer lies, but he knows little of that.
(See the end of the chapter for
“While I can’t do much in the way of most of what you’ve asked for, I can spare a few coins, aid you in your travels from here on.” God, he hopes they take the offer.
He does so, mouthing the word as he writes it a few times, naming the letters to better familiarize himself with them.
“Remy is our main horse. She doesn’t do much in terms of farm work but we have eight others here for work like that. Including our foal, he’ll be needing caring for, but he’s not been a trouble much yet. Now Ringer over there,” Charles says pointing to the far end of the stable, “is a stubborn son of a bitch, for the time being, stay away from him, we haven’t managed to break him in yet despite him being nearly three.” He nods and Charles continues, “Let's run you through some of the horse care to see if you can work with them like you said you can.”
“Not like that, though I wouldn't be opposed to it in the future if you wanted, I meant just flipping over.”
Dean had been nervous, though he wouldn't admit it, at the prospect of the entire Novak family being on the farm. He kept as much to himself as he could and had yet to meet the majority of the Novack family that lived in the house. Cas’ younger brothers and sisters seemed to be occupied any time Dean went near or into the house, be it because they were not yet awake or focused on their lessons. Once the rest of the family showed up, however, there would be a higher chance of crossing paths.
“He got married ten months ago, and I haven’t seen him since a week after the wedding when they left for their new home,” Cas says wistfully. “He was always the sibling I was closest with and now with his return, even for the short time they’ll all be back it means so much just to be able to see him again.”
In a swift thrust Cas buries himself fully into Dean’s tight hole. They both groan loudly at the pleasure that surrounds them.
It’s not like the spell won’t work if Jack doesn’t know but he’s been through so damn much and he won’t have Jack become another Cas. unaware of all of the love that people have for him. Thinking he’s only kept around for his usefulness. He’s here because he’s loved, because he’s family.
It's foolish, beyond so even he knows this, to consider this man as anything but a stranger but he feels a pull deep within his being, one he can’t describe and one he finds he doesn't want to fight. There is something incredible about this man. His eyes, darkened by their setting, darkened by a past he won’t talk about, go soft with the mention of his brother before hardening against images that swarm only his vision and he wishes he could offer comfort, an avenue of peace into the man's clouded mind.
“Before you do, I’d assume,” Dean responds without looking at him.
“Y’know you do make it really hard for someone to try to be friends with you. Just say yes that way we can finally get to the work in the shed, you’ve got to learn how to maintain every piece in there so it's not going to be a short day. And I don’t feel like using up every second of it because of your stubbornness.” He looks entirely bored with his accusations and he wants to be angry but never has someone had that response to his outbursts.
“Anael is fine now that I’ve made the older kids get back to work. With Hannah having been sick we’ve all just been inside too much, I figured that some fresh air and some time to run around would be good for them.”
Now back in the house, the anxious feeling stays deep in his centre, even though there's nothing to be done for any of it now.
Dean looked at Cas. There was a part of him that wanted to continue the conversation, to drill into Cas’ thick skull that that kind of terrible absence of self preservation wouldn’t fly anymore but he instead leaned up in his elbow and nuzzled gently into the side of Cas’ neck.
He hears the door this time and blinks the tears he hadn’t known had started collecting in his eyes away before Cas can get concerned.
He looks up and by some chance Cas is walking right towards them, he seems to only have eyes for Dean, not registering Sam’s presence until he’s sat down. The back of their hands brush against each other intentionally, and Dean hooks his pinky with Cas’ just for the comfort.
“Yes you have and I thank you for that, lord knows your mother would be up to her ears in work without you and your sister,” Charles says before reaching up and sliding his glasses down his nose. Castiel always thought they made him look far older than he was, but he suspected that may also have to do with the fact that he only ever wore them while working on the farm's records, and he always managed to look decrepit while he did that.
He tries not to think about how none of them know that these are the last moments they’ll have with him. How none of them know to pay extra attention or remember the moments they currently live. To them they’ll never not have this, the promise of a tomorrow with their brother is one they count on without even thinking about it. Of course, no tomorrow is promised.
Dean has to stop himself from projecting his feelings and wishes onto Cas, it’s not fair to either of them.
So he doesn’t let himself sink, he treads as best he can, hearing Bobby’s gruff voice in his head just like when he was a kid, ‘keep your ears above water son, that’s the only way to make sure you stay alive out there’, it’s like Bobby knew exactly why he needed that information. Like he knew it wasn't about swimming.
Cas’ shirt lies near the doorway, crumpled up when he returns. He must have used it to clean up a bit. Both himself and the bed.
His heart shatters and rebuilds so often in those hours, he’s surprised it can still beat at all. Everything around him buzzes, and it's as though everything is clearer, like his brain knows to store these memories in more detail than anything.
“You don’t want to fuck with me, I’ve dealt with far worse than the likes of you two and I’m not opposed to doing it again.” Dean clenches his fist at his side as he looks between the two, making a point to stare into both their eyes. His fingers itch for his gun, if only to show them that he hasn't been putting on a front.
Instead of falling, as his slightly shaky legs seem to want him to do, he walks forwards, sucks in a quiet breath before peering down at the paper.
“You honestly think he’d buy that?”
Cas lines up again repeats his near sinful actions to Dean’s pistol and cracks off another shot.
“If you wanted, you could come say hello, a lot of them have been curious from day one and have wanted to talk to you, even if it's just to say hi.”
Quiet surrounds them as they continue to work on the equipment. Dean takes care to search out rust spots on the metal or rotted spots on the wood of each piece he moves to. Still he makes quick work of it with Cas’ help. His mind wanders to how the farm might change with the arrival of Cas’ older siblings. He worries that the arrival will cause a shift between them; similar to how Cas acts around his father when Dean is with them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yes Dean's gun being a Smith & Wesson is entirely because of 4x17
Jack still doesn't seem to understand what caused his happiness but he doesn’t ask again silently working through it on his own. His head tilts and his eyes squint the smallest bit and Dean’s breath is punched from his lungs. He looks so fucking much like Cas when he does that it makes him want to laugh and cry at the same time. He does neither, they have work to do and this just solidifies how much it needs to be done. Cas deserves to see how much his son is like him, Jack deserves to become more and more like his dad.
“It takes two to fight Cas, or it takes one to spur on a fight and one to hit. In my case, it's a bit of both.”
“I’m going to turn in for the night, I know that it’s likely you both still have questions for me but I think it would be best to continue this tomorrow perhaps, after we’ve all slept on the information.”
He learns just how royally screwed he is while Cas’ parents are out to town. While he works through the much longer list of chores, now that he has healed up and Hannah is home his work has doubled if not tripled, he thinks of Cas’ easy smiles and the soft ways his eyes fold when they lay next to each other. It makes something in his chest squeeze but he still refuses to look too deeply into it.
“Hello, Dean,” he says as he approaches. “Sorry about yesterday, I hope you didn’t find the work too hard; I know you said you didn’t need the help but…” He trails off not sure exactly where he was planning to go with that sentence.
When Castiel doesn’t continue, Dean shoots him a look that conveys his desire for a memory of Cas’ that's solely about him.
“Maybe it was.” Cas replied easily.
He’s been doing it far more recently,
“I’m going to go wash up before they get here,” Dean says as he moves past Cas.
He grumbles silently about the extra chore even though it’s so small of a thing, the fact that it falls to him as the extras always do still grates on him. He’s putting down the last of the table settings when the light sound of feet treading gets louder behind him. Knowing what comes next, he waits, allowing them to have their fun. Their giggles give them away even if their feet hadn’t and he smiles as he feels two sets of arms wrap around his legs and his middle, the pair around his waist wastes no time and begins to tickle him mercilessly, so his squawk is only partly put upon.
He’s not sure how he found himself cornered by, well by him. After they returned from the hunt for the Occultum they had agreed to let the other versions of themselves crash for the night as there were no flights leaving for Brazil until the morning and neither felt cruel enough to force them into sleeping in an airport or an airport hotel.
“Okay enough!” Dean said cutting him off before he can say without a shadow of a doubt what they - he - hadn't put words to. “Holy fuck shut up, you might have had a life that was more sunshine and roses than I’ll ever get to see but that’s the exact reason you got to be with him. I won’t ever get that luxury so I’m not going to fuck up again and lose him as a friend because you got the chance to live the life I always wanted. And how about we talk about how you talk about Cas like he’s gone? You lost him what? A day ago? There's no way you're that well adjusted to have already passed go, collected your 200 and landed at acceptance,” Though the other him didn't seem overly phased by the possible loss of their - his - father, but he knows that Cas ranked well above John in terms of just about everything, after all they've been through, “There's nothing heaven or hell, fuck even those two couldn’t do shit, that would keep us from him.”
