“So I’m still destroying the team? I’m not even a member Pepper. How can the morale go down when I’m gone?” You sink down with your back against the cupboard.
Fury offers you a spot on the team but you kindly refuse. You are no superhero and you have fought enough wars to last you for several lifetimes. No one argues with you about it and when Sam asks you to help him out at the VA you say yes. The work is rewarding and you can honestly help people here and it feels really good.
You can totally imagine it and you start laughing again because the picture of Tony and Steve peeing themselves on the couch while Pepper unleashes her wrath on them is pure gold.
Wow, this has been on hiatus for a while!
“Barnes. Barnes! Come on, open the door.”
“You lookin’ for a car, boy?”
Then Zemo sets your alter ego free again and you are trapped inside your mind for the hundredth time while your body wracks havoc and tries to kill people that you have no interest in killing. It’s no use, though. In the end the Captain really saves you and slowly you regain control.
“Look who’s talking”, you fire back and he has the decency to look ashamed.
“I swear to God, Stark, if you don’t let me see him this second I’m going to…”
When you come back home later that evening Tony is already there, sitting on your front steps and you aren’t even surprised. You just step around him and open the door and he gets in behind you. You walk into the kitchen and turn around to face him and but he lingers in the doorway, obviously uncomfortable.
“Bucky, I can get you out of there”, Steve tries again but you just shake your head firmly.
It takes Tony Stark all but a week to figure out where Natasha keeps disappearing to.
Wanda and Vision never actually show up but they could watch you from afar and you don’t try to think about that too hard.
You drift in and out of consciousness while your body heals but you are always alone. While you sleep your mind provides you with images and memories that you would rather forget. After a vivid memory of the gutting you just manage to turn over and vomit half on your bed and half on the floor.
“What we saw was the Winter Soldier killing my parents. He may have Barnes’ body but he isn’t the same person.” Stark looks down for a moment as if he is collecting himself. When he looks up again his eyes meet yours for a second, then he looks at the jury.
The days go by slowly because there is nothing you can do in this room. But you are used to nothing and it doesn’t drive you crazy like they probably hoped for. You chat with the AI sometimes, FRIDAY, but it somehow feels wrong because Stark invented her and you don’t think he would appreciate you using her so easily. But from time to time you just have to because this really is the future. It’s like all these comic books you used to read that you somehow remember. But most of all it’s the first thing that doesn’t bring any bad memories.
You ask Sam and he agrees to let you stay in his house for a while and no one stops you when you move out of the tower with your single duffel bag. Sam stays in the tower most of the time so you have the place for yourself and sometimes Clint and Natasha come over to visit and it’s nice. For the first time you have a place to yourself and you never even knew that this was something you wanted. You go for long walks at night and you join a gym where people don’t ask too many questions and you gain a questionable reputation for how many weights you can lift without breaking a sweat.
Thanks for your patience and without further ado,
And somehow, behind those walls, you feel calm for the first time in years. Your mind is still screaming too loud and your conscience is still weighing you down, you are not peaceful, but at least you can rest. You can hurt no one from here.
The days blur together into weeks, then a month and still nothing has happened. Ms Fields comes by three more times and you still don’t listen to what she has to say. People show up, stare at you without talking and leave again.
“Yeah, I just got my license but I haven’t decided what car to get yet.”
You end up in Wakanda with the guy who tried to kill you but who is now, kind of, your friend and really, who saw that coming.
“You could help me open the doors. I’ll have my hands full.”
After ten minutes of watching alone, you had made a decision and had retreated to Pepper’s office in the tower. Now you are sitting on the couch in the corner, completely engrossed in watching the news while Pepper is situated behind her desk, pretending to do paperwork but she has been staring at the same page for over half an hour at this point and her pen is drumming a steady rhythm on the desk so you are pretty sure she is listening intently.
“He is not my boyfriend.”
Then he leaves as well.
“I wanted to get here before you saw that but well. I’m too late, obviously. It was just a charity event and they decided to go together because it’s good press and to be honest with you, it was also because of the team. Ever since you left the morale is kind of down and they wanted to mend some of that by displaying a united front. I told them it was stupid but who listens to me anyway.”
Here comes the next chapter, enjoy reading :)
There had been fights before of course but most of it had been inconsequential at best and not a real threat for the Avengers but this time it is different. No one had ever heard about the attackers and they aren't of the talkative kind but their bots actually caused damage and are near impossible to destroy. Tony will find a way, you are sure but it takes too long and it is hard to watch.
Now you are trapped here in the jungle, with nowhere to go. Rogers, whenever you are in the same room, looks at you with those blue eyes of him like he is expecting something, anything, and you can’t stand it because the things he is looking for, you can’t give them. So you hide in your room where only your conscience keeps you company and that dark part of your mind which is not your own.
“So you wouldn’t consider moving back into the tower anytime soon, right?” He stirs his drink absentmindedly and you think about the question for a moment.
Enjoy reading.
Two months later there is a trial. You haven’t seen Stark or Rogers since the incident and you are mostly glad. Your lawyer, a woman called Ivana Fields, picks you up from your cell in the morning and it’s the first time you are out in the open again. There are no handcuffs or any escorts and Ms Fields has explained it to you a few days prior. It’s a show of trust, show the world that you are not dangerous. It’s nice really, but you spot Clint and Natasha in the crowd and you know that you have an escort anyway. Normal people just won’t see it.
“… is still my tower. Or have I died and nobody told me? Am I dead, Steve?” And this is unmistakably Tony, not really screaming but talking in this thunderous tone which is worse. You are so relieved to hear his voice that you start to cry.
Tony only hums in response and you finish the hot chocolate in silence. When you turn around to put the cups on the table Tony is considering you carefully. It makes you kind of nervous but you sit down regardless and wait him out.
The door to your room begins to open and you stand up quickly and wait in front of the thick glass walls. Rogers walks in first with Stark on his heels and his eyes widen almost comically as he sees you.
You come to, to a mixture of voices yelling your name and you are confused for a second because you had been in Pepper’s office just a second ago. Then memories start to trickle in, the fight, the explosion. The darkness.
“I killed her. She was screaming so loud and I killed her and she wasn’t even my target I just… I shot her.”
You try to ask Bruce once but the words won’t come out.
And if you only agree to it so that you can spend more time in the lab with Stark then that’s no one’s business but yours.
“I… I mean of course. That would be great. But do you really want to do that? After everything?”
Thanks for the love and enjoy :)
He shuts up and you think it’s now or never.
“It’s okay, James. It’s fine. That’s in the past, nothing we can do about. But it wasn’t you, not really.”
“Because you are their friend, James. And they blame Tony and Steve for driving you away. They worry about you. You isolate yourself and you cope with your feelings in some not so healthy ways”, she says while pointedly looking around the kitchen.
“I… don’t know”, is what you settle for.
Steve nods enthusiastically and a bright smile spreads on his face and if your chest feels a little bit lighter after this conversation, well no one needs to know.
Silence fills the room and screams your head.
“That would be too easy, Barnes. You think you can just run away from your responsibilities? From what you did?” Stark takes a step back and looks at you with hard eyes. He hates you with every fiber of his being and that’s just fair because you not only took his parents. You broke his team and stole his boyfriend and it doesn’t even matter that you wanted to do none of those things. Because somehow you still did. When you look at him you realize you made the right decision to come here.
“Congrats man,” Clint yells while ruffling your hair from behind. A loud “Oomph” follows and you are pretty sure that Natasha is to blame for that but then she pats your shoulder once and gives you a tight smile. You just nod.
“Well, that’s pretty easy to answer. He didn’t do it.” A low murmur fills the courtroom at this answer.
Clint is actually a great guy to run with. He is good at avoiding and he finds the best hiding spots. He has no qualms about tranquilizing innocent people who might get in your way and he knows when to talk and when to shut up. After three days of running though, you get the suspicion that he is communicating with someone else. You are tense for a day after that but whoever it might be, they are just helping and not interfering so you let it slide.
“Well, two days ago she stormed into the tower and she literally dragged Tony out of his lab by his ear and I mean literally. I don’t even know how she got in there in the first place because Tony was in full black-out mode. Like, no one could get in there. And FRIDAY refused to tell us what happened, she even erased all the video feeds. Anyway, no one knows what is happening and she dumps Tony on the couch. He wasn’t even protesting. Then she turns around and she has this look in her eyes like she was one step away from shooting laser beams from them and those eyes are focused on me. And then she bullies me onto the couch as well. Well, she just stood there and pointed at the couch and I just went. It was scary. Around the same time, I saw Sam, Clint and Natasha fleeing from the tower and that was the moment I realised we really were in trouble. And then she started laying it on us and I can tell you, it wasn’t pretty. I have half a mind to recruit her for the Avengers. She would just stare the villains down and our life would be that much easier.”
But you are pretty sure that Stark’s speech alone isn’t the reason why you are a free man now. More what happened after. Out of nowhere Brad Caldwell had started reciting the words –
Steve smiles blindingly at you and pulls you into a one-armed hug. He is still careful with touches around you and the hug is short and you wish it was longer. But the thought scares you so you push it away and smile back.
Sarah
“James. Open the door or I will kick it down. Well, Steve will do that but it was my idea so…”
so it's been a while since I posted something and I'm very very sorry that it took so long but now I'm gonna treat you to an extra long chapter!
“I know what I am offering and to whom I am offering it, Barnes. But I ripped the old one off and let’s be honest here, no one can build you a better new arm than me.”
A cruel smile plays around your lips and you know that your verbal bullet hit the bullseye when Rogers turns around and flees the room. Stark gives you a calculating look before turning around and leaving the room as well.
“Mind if I join you?” Steve walked after them when they went inside. “I’m not here with anyone and I could use the company?”
“I threw something together in the lab before I came here, it’s fine,” Tony assured him. “We still have plenty of time.”
Their prime argument was the fact that Steve wasn’t crowned king yet and didn’t have the authority to start changing laws as he saw fit. Steve calmly pointed out that he was the king, crown or no crown, and he would do as he pleased with the damned laws if he felt like it. They fell silent after that.
“Do you have any… stuff?” The way Steve blushed was adorable, Tony loved the fact that Steve could remain shy in a situation like this.
“Whatever,” he muttered. He turned to leave and bumped into a wall of muscle. Rubbing his smarting nose and looking up, Tony’s jaw dropped when he met the blue eyes of Thor Odinson, crown-prince of Asgard, five-times champion of the tournament and a walking wet dream.
Rolling his eyes, Tony had to kiss Steve, pouring all of the love he felt for this incredible man into it.
The children were sleeping by the time Tony had told them several stories about his and Steve’s long years together. Patrick was snuffling lightly, with Rhia tucked against this side and Peter splayed over their laps, mouth hanging open as he snored loud enough to rattle the windows.
Steve just smiles and kisses him tenderly. “You do so snore.”
“Same here but I need a forge for it.”
“No, you don’t.”
“Steve?” the metal-man shouted. “Steve, are you down here?” That voice was familiar. “Steve!”
Patrick turned to Steve with panic written all over him. “You can’t!”
“I should go back out there and kill them all!” Steve snarled from between clenched teeth. “Fucking bastards, attacking a lone omega that way.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Tony tries to not let the hurt he feels creep into his voice. Going by the way Steve glances at him, he hasn’t been successful.
“This is not gonna end well,” Bucky warned.
“To be fair,” Tony began hesitantly, “they were kind of forced to?”
Unfazed in the face of their nakedness, she pursed her lips and snapped her fingers, pointing at them firmly. “His Highness and his fiancée need a bath. Take Omega Stark to the other room.”
, his father’s words whispered in his mind.
He’d had everything planned out, before those alphas had put him in the worst position ever. He’d invite Steve over for dinner – never mind the fact that Tony couldn’t cook to save his life – and after having a pleasant meal – Tony had asked Bruce if he’d make it, he was a freaking genius in a kitchen – Tony had had every intention to calmly and graciously accept Steve’s courtship.
“And here I thought my ploy wouldn’t work.”
“I shouldn’t have been so rough with you,” Steve explained in a hushed, regretful tone. “I didn’t want to hurt you.” His fingers grazed a hand-shaped bruise on Tony’s hip. Tony followed the gesture with lethargic eyes, a hum of satisfaction taking root in his heart at the sight of Steve’s possessiveness.
“Alright, back up you two,” he said sternly.
“Okay,” Tony said around the lump suddenly lodged in his throat.
“So do you,” Tony said shyly. This was ridiculous. They’d seen each other naked plenty of times before this; Steve had helped him through four of his Heats! They had no business behaving like blushing virgins just because Steve was about to knot him for the first time.
“Tony,” Bruce admonished. “Behave. I’m going to get another drink.”
“And don’t get me started on his- “
“Geez, no,” Tony answered flatly. “I really love it when a big, hulking alpha has decided he wants me and I don’t really get a say in it.”
“I love you,” Steve almost snarled, sweat dripping from his face onto Tony’s chest. He released his hold on Tony’s wrists and scooped Tony’s legs over his arms, bending him in half, deepening the reach of each thrust until Tony was incoherent from the zealous onslaught.
Terror streaked through him when loud voices shouted from down the alley, jeering and calling out for him. “Here kitty, kitty, kitty! Come back and play with us!”
“…yes,” Patrick sighed, at length.
“No, asshole,” he simply said. His calm was such a stark contrast to the alpha’s rage, it took Steve’s breath away.
Both Rhia and Peter rolled their eyes in tandem. “Please,” Peter snorted. “You’re only two years older than us, you’re no more an adult than Harley.”
He showed Steve the small knife he kept hidden in his waistband.
“You mean to tell me that my son’s been fed bullshit propaganda about omegas - what they can and can’t do - and he
Steve cut him off before he can talk. “I couldn’t help but think of when we first met, when I saw you there on the market square, standing toe to toe with an alpha twice your size and not cowering before his feet, protecting that asshole’s omega behind you.”
Tony’s frozen, completely gobsmacked. “You want me?” He nearly laughs. Of all the asinine plots, this must be the most ridiculous. Stone must sense his incredulity; his face darkens and his fingers wrap around his wrist, squeezing too tight. Tony winces. That’s going to leave a bruise.
with him.
“Aww,” Tony cooed. “My knight in shining armor.”
Tony could only stare at Steve; at this wonderful, sweet alpha who somehow loved Tony and gave him gifts more fit for a king than him.
That was the only thought keeping him sane so far; the knowledge that his family was safe and beyond Schmidt’s reach. Steve refused to think about what Schmidt would’ve done if he’d gotten his hands on Tony too. The mere suggestion – and there had been many during his “sessions” with Schmidt – of him coming anywhere near Tony sent Steve into apoplectic rage.
“Uh…” the prince seemed dazed, his blue eyes – so fucking stunning, the color was unreal – unfocused and glazed. “I’m here to- I would like-“ He cut himself off several times, searching for words.
“Eat up,” he encouraged with a smile. “You didn’t have any food so I went out and got some bread, cheese and ham.”
“Hey, don’t underestimate me, I’m tougher than I look,” Tony chuckled.
Tony punches him. The satisfaction is greater than he previously thought, back in the banquet hall. He knows Stone’s type; the typical alpha who looks down on omegas, who sees Tony and everything he is as a curiosity, a peculiar little pet to fool around with and discard without a second thought.
In the midst of working himself up to what looked like an epic rant of self-recrimination, Steve paused, took in Tony’s sated, blissful face, and said, “Oh.”
Tony laughed, a little nervous as that word -
“I don’t want you to go either, Tony,” Steve murmured and came around the desk to embrace him, calmer now. “But I won’t compromise your or the baby’s safety. I can’t fight if I’ll have to worry about you too. Remember what happened the last time?”
Two armchairs are situated in front of the chamber, both occupied. One by a sleeping Steve Rogers, the other one by a very much awake Natasha. Her right hand is petting Steve’s hair but she looks directly at you and for the first time since you know her, her eyes aren’t blank but so full of sadness and despair. You close your eyes again but the tears start falling anyway.
“Can you just shut up and listen for a moment, please?”
On your way back home you decide that maybe it’s time to get a license and buy a car.
But it’s not your room and you are not alone. A woman is cowering in the corner, her sobs filling the silence. Your gun is trained on a man who sits tied to a chair and he just stares at you without any emotions while his wife pleads for his life with high pitched screams and pleas. You shot her instead and finally it’s silent again.
It’s better this way.
is just fine.” He spits the word like it’s an insult and probably to Stark it is.
The people here leave you mostly alone and that’s fine. Great even. You have nothing to say after all. After two weeks though the archer seeks you out, Clint, but you don’t really care so you don’t remember his name. He just talks to you, not expecting any answers and you learn a lot about the Avengers. Mostly though you learn what you destroyed.
You make a pause, steeling yourself for the next part because this won’t go over well, no matter how you say it.
“Well, I could have tried to get in contact as well”, you mumble without looking at him.
Now you are sitting on one of the big couches in the (former) Avengers common room and you are lost. You are a free man now. Whatever that means. Ms Fields has dropped you off at the tower and the others aren’t here yet and your thoughts are too loud in the silence.
“I just wanted to congratulate you on, you know the trial. It’s good that they released you.” His voice kind of breaks at the end and he looks down again. It’s amazing you think, how such a big man can look so small. And for just a moment, the memories of the small, scrawny guy align with the Steve Rogers that stands here in the kitchen and you can feel something. It’s barely there, only the shadow of a feeling that another you in another time once had. But then it’s gone again and you can’t be sure.
“Yes, I am very aware of that fact but thanks for showing me again. I almost forgot.”
You find an abandoned floor in the tower, it’s under construction but nobody works here right now and you tend to spend your days, and some nights, there because no one finds you and you cherish the silence. New York looks amazing from up here and you just watch for hours. Until Pepper stumbles upon you with a throng of interior designers in tow. She acts unsurprised, takes one long look at you and then sends her entourage away.
“Take a seat on the couch. I’ll be right over, I just have to finish something real fast.”
Think of it as a belated Christmas gift :D
Now enjoy the new chapter and tell me what you think about it!
The loud voices carry through the door of your room and you can’t help but flinch. So Rogers finally caught up.
You don’t ask if Tony is alright. You don’t want to know.
Since it was Nikolaus day here in Germany yesterday (which means 2 hour and 46 minutes ago, don't judge me okay :D) I thought I'd treat you to a brand new chapter of 'A Winter's tale'. Enjoy reading and leave lots of love (and comments, I'm a sucker for comments!).
“Don’t be a stranger, Rogers”, you answer before you gently push him out the door.
“What happened, Steve.”
“Well good. Because I might have promised the bots that you’ll be back when they ambushed me with their devastated little beeps. And Pepper told me I should stop making promises I can’t keep but they were beeping, like, really sad this time. But ever since I told them they are useless anyway because they just hang out by the lab doors and tackle everyone who dares take a step in there. And when they realise it’s not you, well. They’ll probably be so thrilled to have you back.”
Stark is leaning over one of the workbenches, back towards you and you can’t help but notice the muscles in his bare arms. He is short but well-built and with the weight of this suit of his he probably has to be. Then he shouts out a loud whoop and wriggles his ass in a kind of victory dance and yeah. That was unexpected.
The Winter Soldier is still in your head, circling the perimeter and looking for a way in. You have him under control most of the time but today has been a bad day. It’s been three weeks since the trial and Steve and you have been doing things together a few times now. It’s nice now that he has toned down a bit and is treating you with more ease. Normally you look forward to those outings but today, just thinking about Steve makes you feel unsettled and like you are breaking around the edges. You try to ignore the feeling but that’s a mistake because actually seeing him makes it so much worse and something snaps inside of you and your control is slipping and FRIDAY alerts Steve to whatever is happening to you. He tries to touch you and you snarl at him and turn around and just run –
“I’m sure you will, James.”
“You should talk to Steve.”
“Anyway, I wanted to apologise as well. I talked with Sam a lot and you were right. I wanted you to be Bucky so badly I never thought about what you might feel or think and I behaved like a douche. And you were right about the team and Tony as well. I hurt all of them but mostly Tony and he’ll probably never forgive me and that sucks. Because I still love him and I should have never left him so quickly especially after we found out about his parents but all I could see and think and feel was you. And I still love you as well. I know you are not the same person and maybe I am projecting feelings but I don’t think so. I look at you and I know you are not the same person, you are not the Bucky I lost but you are still Bucky and I will love you till the end of the line.”
Stark moves fast then and you can barely control your instincts, screaming
“I’m honest here. Three months ago I would have been the first to say that Barnes deserves to rot in hell. But since then I have seen a lot of his files and let me tell you, what you saw today was just the tip of the iceberg. This man already went through hell. And I believe that not many people would have survived what he survived. Yes, the Winter Soldier killed my parents but I don’t hold Mr Barnes accountable for those actions. He wasn’t in control at the time and I don’t have to explain to you why because we have been through the whole brainwashing spiel. But ultimately Mr Barnes has done the right thing and has taken responsibility for his actions. I say we should give him a second chance. Let him live the life that he never had. Don’t forget that he is just a victim as well.”
“No, you are very much alive. But I don’t think it’s a good idea to go in there right now, Tony. Listen to them.” And that’s Steve, pleading with Tony.
“Well, you got lucky, boy. I’ve got an old Chevy Impala back at home. Wanted to rebuild her ages ago but never got around to it, I guess. She’d be perfect for you.”
You woke up in the future as a weapon and all alone. You had no friends and no memories. Everybody had been chasing you and in the end, your past caught up to you.
Rhodey only comes once as well but you suspect it has more to do with him being glued to Tony’s bedside (if he is still alive, your mind offers) than him hating you or something.
Natasha finds you the next day, still in bed and she curls up behind you but doesn’t say a word and that’s fine as well. You doze off and when you wake up again she is still there.
Hello everyone,
“We are not sure. You showed up here shortly after the explosion and you were really angry but calm and no one noticed at first because it was really chaotic. And then you barged right into the flames before anyone could stop you. Ten minutes later you dragged out Tony and then Nat noticed you weren’t completely you but you had already taken off again, chasing the two guys who caused this.”
“So, what brings you all here?” you ask, because it’s very rare that all of them show up together that early.
You invite Pepper for lunch two days later and her sharp business look kind of clashes with the little burger place but she laughs freely and orders a large burger with fries and a normal coke. She eats it all and half the fries of your second helping as well and you chat and banter like old friends. Considering everything you have accomplished so far, being friends with her is what you count your greatest accomplishment. It’s easy to talk to her and she never judges. She has a solution for almost anything and you can only admire how she balances SI and chaperoning Tony and her private life without showing any signs of a burnout.
Well, it does hurt a little bit. Maybe even a lot but it’s no one’s business anyway. Except that it is Pepper’s obviously because she is the one who finds you in the kitchen, destroying Sam’s plates and with the newspaper all over the kitchen floor like confetti.
So I decided to upload another chapter today but I'll probably wait a bit longer with the others. I still have to write an ending after all :D
“And you have to stop searching for Bucky because you won’t find him here. I have his memories but that’s not me anymore. I know what he used to be to you but that’s not me either. You had a life and friends and love,” your eyes flicker to Stark but he resolutely stares past you, “and you threw it all away for what? Me? I’m nothing, Rogers. I’m a memory at best. I’m a killer. Maybe I’m a victim. But most certainly I am not Bucky and if you can’t let go of him, I don’t want to see you here anymore. I’m sure that would be in Stark’s best interest anyway.”
“Yeah, I would like that Steve.”
You have talked with your therapist about Stark and she says that maybe you should talk with him about everything but well, you are not a big talker anymore and from Clint you know that Tony doesn’t do feelings and emotions. So that’s probably not happening anytime soon. On the other hand you kind of find yourself drawn to the man. He is everything you ever wanted the future to be and now that you are here in his lab it’s even better. He is an enigma, a puzzle you have no hope of solving but you still try. You don’t know if you will ever be friends with him but that doesn’t stop you from wishing.
Somehow you get through the day and it gets better again. There are better days and worse days but all in all life is good now. Maybe you are even happy.
“A ’67 Chevy Impala, James? How cliché”, is Tony’s dry comment but he allows you to rebuild her in his garage anyway so you don’t ask. Mr Dennings had been right. The car is perfect for you and you love tinkering on her. With Tony’s help, it takes you under a month to get her running again and you take him and Steve for a ride out of the city. The warm summer wind streams in through the windows and AC/DC is blaring from the speakers and you can’t think of a more perfect moment than the present.
The next night you learn about Rogers’ and Stark’s relationship. Clint doesn’t really tell you but you can still hear it loud and clear, between the lines. And the pile of things you destroyed grows every day.
Sometimes one of the armchairs is occupied by Natasha, sometimes by Clint. Sometimes it’s Natasha curled up in Clint’s lap. Clint looks relatively pulled together but his hand is trembling when he is carding it through red hair and when he is alone his knee constantly bumps up and down.
Tony’s reaction is more subdued. He just throws you a quick smile when you slide the plate on his workbench. Then he busies himself with his latest project and you leave him be. One hour later though he calls you down to the lab again and presents you with some reinforced nerf guns and you will certainly win your little war with Clint with them because, hello, they can shoot around a corner. And you know that’s Tony’s way to say thank you.
And that’s all she has to say on the topic. You order two milkshakes for dessert and walk her back to the tower before heading back to the garage yourself.
Tony’s face stays nearly passive but there is a small smile on his lips and by the end of the week you’ll probably have some new and advanced gimmicks and that’s really all you need to know.
But of course, Tony had a plan. T’Challa, on his short visit, had promised him to take the Avengers in as refugees. Wakanda was an independent state and they wouldn’t extradite them. The problem was getting there. If even one of them showed their faces outside they would be arrested, no questions asked. Natasha and Clint were the only ones who still left the tower but they could never be sure if they made it back. It was a war. And again it is your fault.
He waves to someone and the video starts playing. You notice Stark’s jaw tighten but he keeps looking at the video till it’s all over.
Rogers shuts up after that and he looks like someone slapped him hard across the face and Stark almost laughs, almost.
You don’t know why you are telling Tony this but you just need to get it all out and you start to sob uncontrollably.
name and you are so glad.
You still train with Steve every other day and sometimes you spar with Natasha because she keeps you on your feet. You go to the shooting range with Clint and sometimes, when it’s too loud in your head, you meditate with Bruce. It really helps to calm you down.
But the only place where your head really shuts up is the lab. There is always something happening. Loud music is playing, Tony arguing passionately with his bots, lights everywhere. It’s just so fascinating and new and it makes your head spin in a good way. You start asking questions and Tony answers them and more often than not you don’t understand half of it but you start to learn and soon he lets you help. You are nowhere near his level but you are good enough and you can see that Tony is happy that someone is interested in his work.
“Okay. Can I talk to you for a second?”
You just gape at him because that was a lot of talking and you aren’t sure if you understood him correctly. He wants to build a new arm?
“No more questions”, is what Ms Fields says as she leans back in her chair and smirks at Caldwell and after that your release is just a formality.
It’s silent again but it’s not a bad silence and you relax into the chair while sipping the hot chocolate and Tony does the same and for a while, you both chase your own thoughts.
“No, it’s fine. We’ll be in contact?”
When Steve kisses you for the first time it’s unexpected and sudden and the whole team watches because it’s movie night. You sit on the couch, Steve on your right and Tony on your left because he is the only one in this room who doesn’t mind cuddling with a metal arm. You watch some stupid movie and you don’t even remember the name. But something triggers a memory and you tell Steve about that day when you had gone dancing and it was the song, definitely the song, which triggered the memory. And you smile at Steve because it’s a good memory and he smiles right back and then just leans in and kisses you. It’s unexpected but good and you melt into it until Tony goes stiff beside you and all but jumps from the couch. He mumbles something about an idea he just had and then he is gone, just like the moment. And you run as well.
Suddenly you understand why Steve is avoiding you.
Thank you for all the love and the comments.
“And what about Tony? He seemed pretty upset last night.”
Ms Fields is back three days later but you don’t talk to her as well. She talks for nearly an hour and makes you sign a stack of papers. You don’t really listen and what penetrates your mental barrier doesn’t sound too reassuring anyway. What you understand though is that you’ll probably never be a free man again.
Eight weeks later the arm is ready and together with Dr Helen Cho Tony builds it into your body. It’s lighter and faster and just plain better than the old arm. But more importantly, you just feel whole again, useful. Therapy is going good and you can leave the tower now. Sometimes you go on your own but most of the time there is someone with you. Not because they don’t trust you. You actually have friends now and that is nice. Really nice. Today you are out with Clint and Sam.
She probably wanted to ease your mind but it doesn’t really work.
Pepper helps you with the license and Tony and Steve discuss for hours on end which car you should buy but in the end, Mr Dennings makes your decision easy. He is a nice old guy who comes to the garage regularly. He has a lot of old cars (“Mended them all on my own, I did, boy.”) and somehow he had taken an instant liking to you. So when he shows up one day while Steve tries to convince you of the pros of some Ford car (you weren’t really listening) he pipes in immediately.
Thank you for following this story!
You decide then that you don’t want to know after all and you settle on watching the newest Star Trek movie and what you told Pepper earlier is true. You are happy most of the time.
“But you are lucky, I have a good day. You have five minutes to see for yourself and then you will leave willingly or I will have the Hulk escort you out. And I’m pretty sure you don’t want that.”
Lots of love :)
She and Stark talk in hushed voices before she gives him a kiss on the cheek and vanishs into the elevator at the same time that Sam and Rogers leave it. You remember Sam but not his last name so Sam it is, and anyway the guy never did you any harm. You can’t help but notice the way that Ms Potts manages to ignore Rogers actively and with so much contempt that it makes even you flinch.
He just nods and leads the way and neither of you mentions the fact that FRIDAY runs the whole tower and opening doors is one of her basic tricks. You get Tony into bed and Steve walks you down to the entrance where he hugs you goodbye. If someone had asked FRIDAY she would have told them that your hug had lasted approximately 2.47 seconds too long to be strictly friendly but no one had asked FRIDAY and she would never tell.
Thankfully the elevator pings in that moment and Clint and Natasha enter the room.
“But we just saw the evidence, Mr Stark.”
and then a cold gun barrel is pressed against your head.
He rushes it all out like he wants it to be just over and you don’t know what to say because what really is there to say? You can only imagine how hard it must be for Rogers to finally let go of someone who is standing right in front of him. Maybe it’s a bit like you feel yourself. Lost in a world that you mostly don’t understand and without a sense of personality or character. There is the Soldier, no longer a real threat but still there lingering on the edges. Then there is Bucky, the man you are supposed to be but the shoe just doesn’t fit. James feels safe right now. Like an empty canvas on which you can paint your own picture. You can make new memories.
Then someone knocks on the door, loud and fast, and somehow that’s not right because the house is supposed to be abandoned. No neighbours and no hiking tracks anywhere near it and still. The knocking doesn’t cease.
“Let me try, Cap. Soldier, stand down!”
“Don’t be stupid, James”, is her unimpressed answer. “It was Steve’s decision and his alone. You didn’t even remember him at the time and you certainly didn’t ask for him to come after you, if I remember correctly. I don’t blame you and apart from that Tony cares for you. And it’s nice to have a friend who isn’t actually an Avenger and lives outside of the tower. I spend too much time in there as it is. It’s good to get out sometimes.”
“Yeah, I… he still loves Steve. And now this. He probably doesn’t want to see me again, like ever and I… I can’t. He is my… my friend.”
“So is that why you left the tower?” Tony inquires.
“Not cool, man”, is all Sam says to the mess in his kitchen but you show him the new plates you just bought and he seems appeased. You prepare sandwiches and open a bag of chips and everyone eats in silence for a while.
“Just don’t expect too much, okay?”
“Getting Pepper on my side? I don’t even know what you are talking about, Rogers. You are just full of shit.”
You really fucked up this time.
“Apologize, again. I’m doing a lot of that lately.” He grins sheepishly at you but your gaze remains hard and he looks down again.
The last sentence is barely a whisper and then you feel so empty, and lost. Pepper just pulls your head into her lap and starts stroking your hair. And you wonder how this is what your life has become.
“I’ve let you close. Why you think you need to keep a secret I don’t know, but fine. For our sake I hope you tell me soon,” said Tony.
They went to the large double doors. Tony lifted one of the potted plants, taking a key from underneath. It seemed rather out of date to Steve.
“The new is built upon the foundations of the old. That’s how progress is made,” said Tony.
“Go.”
“You’ve only known me what one two months,” said Tony.
"When will I be able to be myself?" asked Steve.
“Any change?”
Steve let the cold water pour over him. The only challenge of the day was supposed to be telling his boyfriend that he was pregnant.
“Nothing, pumpkin. Go brush your teeth.”
"Na."
“The only time you’ll see me in these in your fantasies,” said Steve, tucking them back in the drawer.
“What?” Steve forced his eyes open.
"Doesn't look much like the original."
Steve forced down his panic.
“It isn’t our problem.”
The alpha leaned over and kissed him on the forehead. It wasn't enough.
Hill’s hand went to her gun when the door opened.
Piper traced the collar.
“Banner.”
Winter went to the locker room. It was empty. He was thankful for the quietness. The showers turned on upon his entrance, and the hot water hit him perfectly. He moaned, enjoying one of the only pleasures in his life.
"Stop staring," said Steve, already feeling his cheeks turning red.
“He and my husband both,” said Lena.
“5:30 am,” said Jarvis.
“Are you sure you don’t want breakfast?” asked Steve.
“Sir, your order is here,” said Jarvis.
“Love you, too,” said Tony.
"I'm glad you caught her on a good day," said Tony.
“Tony.” The alpha came in. “I need a bath.”
She sat on the bottom step, watching them work. Watching them work was soothing even though she was the subject of interest. She’d always loved watching Daddy work. Often, she’d fall asleep watching him, trying to predict what he was making.
“How did you get so good at this?” asked Rune, breaking free of his frightened silence.
"I love you.”
“I want to her to have her own name let her make something out of it,” said Steve.
, he wasn’t going to be ruled by such instincts! That wasn’t him. He huddled up on the large love seat. Steve was staring at his most recent painting. It was unsettling. He stood up after a minute, and walk to it. The paint was still wet. His hand moved to his stomach. He didn’t want to work on it. Steve didn’t even want to see it. He put it on a shelf, then curled up in the love seat again, pulling a blanket over himself.
“Yeah, she's ours. Our perfect little girl.”
If they didn't keep up act the press would turn against them, claiming they didn't care. Such a turn would make everything more difficult, so the show went on. How much longer would he be able to keep it up?
“Told her how I became Ironman,” said Steve.
Tony may not have a clear image, but he did have an artist husband with an excellent memory. He grabbed a sketchpad from his desk and went upstairs. Steve wasn’t in his studio. He pushed open the door to Piper’s room to find Steve laying on their daughter’s bed.
"I don't mind doing nothing." Actually, he rather liked it. He could people watch quietly or let his mind go blank, but blank in a pleasant way that he could control.
The other children were sitting on the sidewalk. Ann was with them.
“Not a word. I doubt he will. Men like him don't talk easily. And when they do, it's rarely useful,” said Natasha.
“Love you too, Steve.”
“How would they know?”
As amazing as Paris and Amsterdam were they Once breakfast was finished it was to the airstrip. For the first two hours, Steve was cranky and unable to get comfortable but eventually managed to fall asleep. Hopefully, his mate slept for the rest of the flight and he did. Steve gave him a death glare when he found he had to go on a boat. It was night when they got there. Steve found there nearest bed and fell into it, not caring to take in his surroundings.
But it wasn't his highest priority. Steve and Pepper were insight. Only a few yards above.
"Yes, Hap, I'm allowed to have those."
“You’ve never met her.”
"Piper’s issues don’t seem with be strangers. Cho doesn't even have to meet them in person if you’re not comfortable,” said Bruce.
"Do know you how scary it was, waking up with you not there?!”
"Steve has severe hot flashes off and on. Nurses are struggling to keep his temperature down. The percentage of Extremis in his blood has decreased significantly," she said.
Once the pups fell asleep again, Steve left to find Tony. Checking the workshop first, he found the alpha toying with a new gadget. Steve settled into the empty seat next to him.
“He’ll be fine”, said Clint.
“I want them dead as much you do.”
“Broxton Hick contractions,” said Steve. He
He looked back at Tony. The alpha was out. "What did you have in mind?"
Steve sighed. He didn't want to bring up anything that would disturb Piper. "We don't know, sweetie."
After Pepper had droned on about some required administrative work, which Tony studiously ignored; and reviewed the details for a new SI project about which he was excited, their meeting petered out. The two friends sat comfortably enjoying each other’s company. Tony looked down the hall toward Steve’s studio, concerned that he hadn’t come out yet. The door was shut, a clear sign Steve wanted to be left alone. He knew it was best to let Steve work it out, but Tony had to check.
Dizziness hit Steve like a wave as he left the lab. He braced himself against a wall. Morning sickness would likely follow. He dashed to the nearest single bathroom and hurled. The door opened.
“Show me,” said Steve. Tony pulled on a dark blue electromagnetic glove he’d made. He closed his and shield instantly attached to his forearm.
“It’s only a precaution,” said Steve.
“Why are they doing this to us?” Piper gasped.
“We aren’t!”
Natasha quietly let herself in. “There’s something we need to discuss,” she said.
"There's more to it than that," said Pepper.
“Ste…Steve. STEVE!”
He got up.
“Howard’s one that got away,” huffed Tony. There wasn’t a day the man didn’t mention the great hero, Steve Rogers. He never so hated someone he never met. To this day, he didn't understand Howard's fascination. The endless stories did nothing to inspire him if that’s what Howard was aiming for. It only succeeded in annoying the hell out of him. “What about him?”
“I’ll put you on speaker.”
*****
“You can come in," said Steve.
Winter’s eyes locked on the small being shivering by the door. What was it? His jumbled mind fumbled to put together that she was a pup. The muzzle he wore didn't filter the powerful stench of the pup's distress. Its intensity made him gag. There was no escaping the fumes coming off the pup.
His eyes widened slightly when a young alpha pup followed behind Rumlow. Bruises marked the boy's olive skin, though he looked only one or two years older than Piper. His long wavy brown hair hid most of his face from view. The pup turned his gazed toward Winter. His eyes were a deep piercing deep blue. The boy growled at him. Winter bared his teeth in return. He wasn’t going to be challenged by some whelp.
“Once we have someone we can trust to talk with them. I’ll find something for myself,” said Steve.
“Matches."
“I know,” he said wryly.
"We don't have to go. We can go home," said Tony.
Steve walked around taking the time to examine everyone. Each made him smile but left him with a bittersweet feeling.
“They were soldiers Tony they knew the risks. Mourning is normal, but you should be thankful that such men existed."
“Tell me.”
"Still have quite the arm, Captain Rogers."
“Hello, Piper.”
“I’m just glad you didn’t crack my ribs in the process,” said Tony. He was covered in Steve’s sweet scent, and the omega was coated in his.
“I wanted you to sleep."
“What could One Eye Willy want?” said Tony.
Tony sighed. Steve wasn’t naturally aggressive. This was him entering preheat.
“You’ll have to,” said Winter.
“I wanna go home,” she whimpered.
“When?” asked Steve.
“Of course.”
“You’re late, Stark,” said Fury.
“Umm, sure,” he said.
Matt didn’t meet his gaze.
"The scent of distress aggravates morning sickness,” said Tony.
She spent hours observing him. It was all she could do to fill the time. She started sifting through his habits. From the way he made his bed she knew he was from some military branch. Clearly, he'd been through a lot: his skin was covered in scars, but they were pale. The latest ones were those along his arm. His scent was a mystery. There was something in it, which reminded her of home. What caused that?
Tony’s chest was vise now. The room was spinning. He couldn’t stand. And the room was
“I don’t give a fuck what they think or anyone else."
Foggy told him about the mystery man dating Tony Stark. Matt had thought it pointless gossip at the time. Why was Steve such a secret? The man wouldn’t seem like one to care about an age difference or about what anyone else thought. Steve was a beautiful omega why wouldn’t he flaunt him like everyone else. He knew a non-disclosure act coming his way.
“Are you having a baby?”
“Why’d you wait?” asked Piper.
It was thin, but he didn't want Tony near this. That would only fuel whatever this was. He wanted his mate safe, but Tony seemed to be rushing headfirst into danger. What was he trying to prove?
The confidence in Tony’s voice was such a reassurance, but Steve didn’t accept it. Bucky’s death was on his hands.
"Caught in a thought, sorry."
“Tony?”
“You’re big redesign was AIM right?”
"Do think it's over?"
"What?" she asked.
“Why were you on the roof?” asked Matt.
“She’s a scientist working at a research facility in Princess Elisabeth, Antarctica.”
“You were pressed against that?” said Clint.
“And your sight?” asked Steve.
Being who they were it would put their child at constant risk.  S.H.I.E.L.D. sent him around the world for varying amounts of time he could miss out on an important part of his pup's life. He would have to cut back. After this, he was more than happy to do that.
"She's done her time. It's only an option. We don't need to give her an answer yet," said Pepper.
“STEVE!”
Fury directed Loki to his cell. Loki paced the circular cell, before standing in the middle. Fury took a position at the control panel.
“I’m not sure how I feel about this,” said Steve.
"I'm indifferent toward it." Until recently killing was a completely emotionless task for him. Nothing that merited either positive or negative emotion. "This is irrelevant to you learning how to fight."
“Yes, and I’m planning on seeing a lot more of you,” said Tony.
Steve nodded. He curled up on the couch. His eyes grew heavy. The smell of pizza woke him. Tony put on the news while they ate. He was starving. When done he relaxed with Tony on the couch. Steve yawned it was only nine and he was ready for bed.
“And what does that all mean?”
“I hate further break the good mood, but we do have an assignment in a few days,” she said.
“None of mine have been as fun as you,” said Steve.
“Leave now,” said Steve.
Steve scratched at the scruffy beard he’d grown. He checked the bedroom. They were both asleep. He quickly shaved only cutting himself once. Steve returned to the bedroom and went through Piper's morning routine. She stared up turning her head slightly.
The alpha's nose crinkled.
Steve leaned into his alpha. Tony was purring. Sirens could be heard in the distance. S.H.I.E.L.D.’s emergency services got there first. Steve pressed further into his mate.
“Well, I promise a stress-free environment good pension no surprises,” he said before zapping Bruce.
He moved to the pup. She stood on the bed to get a better look at his face.
"I'm fine."
Tony could see her crumbling. There was a wobble in her voice.
Steve called Phil.
Piper agilely made her way through the minefield of toys and snuck into her parent’s room. Daddy was asleep! She pounced on him. He groaned.
*****
Steve paced outside the campsite. The night was so much more tolerable than the heat of the day. The sky was beautiful. He checked his phone. Steve twisted the rings on his finger. It was three in the morning here but he was still on New York time. It finally rang.
His mate pulled away. Anxiety bubbled over their bond.
*****
“Is there a part three of the series?” asked Steve.
“Nice meeting you too, Steve. Walk me out, Tony,” said Rhodes.
“I’ll leave you then.”
“We can-
“He’s awake."
“I’ll be back to check on you tomorrow morning,” he said and left, closing the door quietly behind him.
Natasha went into the hospital room, taking a seat in the chair nearest Steve's bed. The deafening sound machines supporting Steve filled the room. She took his hand, gently squeezing it. "He'll be here soon."
“I hope for your sake she didn’t,” said Jeff.
“I will be. I love you, Tony."
"Somewhere safe for him," she said.
“Grow a spine, Jarvis,” said Tony.
“Don’t, I’ll do it,” said Tony stopping his hand.
“She’s happy that you’re moving forward,” he said.
“Not once I’m done with these.”
Winter picked her up. She whimpered, hating how blood polluted his scent. He placed her inside. His eyes were cold.
“Nice to meet you,” said Steve.
“Let’s go,” he said.
“What did they want from you, daddy?” asked Piper.
It was too large for the child, but he had to get her comfortable with the idea of handling one. He took it from her, teaching her the simplest disarming tactic. Winter had her try the method several times on him. The first two attempts were slow, but she swiftly pieced together the routine.
They got into the elevator.
Steve shook his hand. Coulson took a seat next to him.
Piper groaned when a high-pitched buzz forced her to wake. Her eyes snapped open after trying to ignore it. The sound was only growing more intense. It hurt! She screamed, clapping her hands over her ears, desperate to block it out.
Tony took Steve to the guest bedroom, sitting him down at the foot of the bed. Steve's face and chest were spattered with blood. The omega whimpered when he tried leaving.
"Tomorrow, Tony and I will go to Howard's," he said.
“Sir, I should remind you that you must keep the heavy lifting to a minimum,” said Jarvis.
“You're a person who knows something on everyone,” said Steve. She nodded. “Could you help me go through the list of alphas Hill compiled? I don't want to risk making the wrong choice."
“Fuck!”
“You’re safe now," whispered Tony.
“Yes.”
“I don’t know,” said Tony.
“Where do you want this?” he asked.
“What did you wish for?” asked Natasha.
Steve playfully nuzzled against his alpha’s neck, purring. There was a shift in the alpha’s scent. It had taken on a more musky tone. Steve got to his feet and stretched. Steve smiled when he caught the alpha staring.
Howard should have let him go. Bringing this kind of power into the world wouldn't do anything good.
Steve nodded. The sound of their pup’s heartbeat filled the room. Tony braced against the counter before lowering himself into a chair.
“Rogers, you can calm down, as far we know your daughter is still alive,” said Fury.
“We both have,” added Maria.
The weight from her shoulders lifted. She only hurt them to protect someone. That evened things out.
“You’re holding back.”
Steve noticed Piper's blank processing stare. She caught his hand before he could touch her, then realized he wasn't a threat. Piper shook her head and focused on the movie. She leaned back into Papa's side and tried to relax.
“You need to come home.”
"Get out of the way," warned Natasha.
They turned. Tony lay on the floor bottles surrounding him.
"What if I hurt you?" he said.
"When Harley mention the wormhole, I had an anxiety attack. I couldn't breathe, couldn't function. It was just a kid asking me questions, and that was enough to put me in a frantic state. I'm afraid it will happen in front of Piper when she starts asking questions."
Steve nodded, leaning more of his weight into the alpha. He took Tony’s hand and led him to the bedroom. Tony willing followed behind him.
Steve moved away from the couch, angrily pacing. Edith moved closer to Tony. Far enough for Steve not to think she was after his alpha, but close enough to use as protection.
“You’re smart, you’ll figure it out,” Winter assured her.
Piper bit her lip, glaring at the collar tightly strapped to his neck.
At 20:00 hours the pup yawned, groggy. They'd spent most of the day going over her German. It was the longest conversation he’d had in some time. When the pup yawned again and began slumping over, Winter picked her up. She drooped against his shoulder.
The audience applauded in support.
“Lay down.”
“I can shut the portal down. Does anyone copy?” said Natasha.
“Omega."
"Yeah."
Piper screamed, snapping him out of it. He shut off the TV.
She began to gasp when pale blue gas emitted from the wall vents. In the distance, she heard Winter calling for her. A small whine passed her lips as she faded into unconsciousness. Joseph was quietly pleased with what he'd seen. She’d taken out armed guards without hesitation. Her movements were fluent. Not a single movement wasted. But there was still more refinement needed. Pierce would be impressed. Of course, a few details would have to be edited out, such as the pup's extreme disobedience of not following direct orders from superior. That would be resolved soon enough.
"It's nothing."
Beeping at three in the morning jolted them from sleep.
His drowsiness faded. He sat up. Nat hadn’t called in months.
“And what is worse, you lied to me! There was no storm! What’s more important your family, or your work?”
She doodled in her notebook as Lena lectured. Only giving the woman half her attention. Lena snapped her ruler on her desk.
“Thank you for coming, Barny,” said Papa.
“I have to get going,” said Pepper.
“Yeah.”
“You should thank me. With the Bifrost gone how much dark energy did all-father have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious Earth,” he said.
“Well, then son you’ve got a condition,” said the guard.
“Handle the girl. I have to take care of my hand,” he said.
“What time is it?” asked Steve.
“Blueberry pancakes!”
"What would you suggest?" asked Steve. His inner omega snarl at the prospect of another alpha. It was set on Tony. Steve couldn't deny the attraction.
His eyes managed to open. Piper lay across from him, muzzled and bound. If it weren’t for the rise and fall of her chest, he’d think her dead. He wanted to get closer, but mind control fought his instinctual urge, and in the end his body denied him. It was a sign. Winter’s feral state was breaking. He'd regain his senses but lost even a minimal state of free will.
“Yes, Steve. I’ve already informed, sir, that you’ve found the Little Miss. And I’ve placed the orders,” said Jarvis.
“I know we will,” said Steve, pressing closer to his alpha. “Tony?”
"No, I'll take the couch. You've done more than enough for me Matt."
The woman’s eyes went wide.
The man ran off. He wasn't going to chase after the man and give a chance to take more photos. How had he even gotten on their property?  Steve was uneasy. It was rare to see anyone else on the beach. On occasion, a distant neighbor would jog by but never this. At most, they'd wave before moving on. This was their territory he didn't want strangers on it. He went back to the house. Once he changed he went to the lab.
“Can you pinpoint where they are coming from?” asked Piper. She couldn’t place them.
“Well, I wouldn’t go in there for twenty minutes.”
“One of the rival weapons company. They took up the military contracts my company held. There is work mid grade better than the shit Hammer produced,” said Tony.
Neema’s hands fisted. Natasha cleared her throat, breaking the tension between the two.
“He’ll use this time to stretch his legs.”
“He’s in the elevator, sir,” said Jarvis.
"I’m not sure. He’s straight forward, which I like. But there something more to him,” said Piper.
“Once things have settled here. I will.”
“Me?”
Steve’d heard weirder stories. “Last time I met you, you were a legal intern. How does that work out with this?”
“Bye, Tony,” she said.
“You bit me,” said Steve.
“Comes with being frozen seventy years,” said Steve.
“I won’t weekly progress reports from him.” She knew Becker would likely skew or exaggerate an element of any report she received from him, but cipher through what was real and fake.
“I trust him with details. It’s his day. I want it to be exactly how he wants it,” said Tony.
"It was the fastest way to wake you up."
“Actually sir it is charging,” said Jarvis.
“Winter, you’re scaring me.”
Tony caught a mere glint of metal. Only having seconds to process, his watch transformed into a gauntlet, catching the shield. The resonating clang echoed uncomfortably through the bedroom. Tony softly dropped the shield to the floor.
“We know she’s alive,” said Tony. That was better than nothing.
She sniffled.
“Tell me that was you in the suit.”
“Good, you aren’t naïve enough to believe you can force change upon Tony Stark,” said Natasha.
“When was the last time you went to the beach?” asked Tony.
“Any relationship to the original. The resemblance is uncanny,” said Happy.
"What did you see up there?"
“It’s alright to give up,” said Rune, patting her hand.
"About?" He’d withheld things from the pup, but had never truly lied to her.
“Alpha.”
Tony nodding, handing it to him. Steve sorted through it, tossing the junk the mail. He stopped at a letter from Martin Lane. He was one of Steve’s VA friends. A fellow World War II veteran. That population was shrinking rapidly. Soon he'd be the only one left. Steve opened the envelope. He sighed.
Tony was actually happy to hear the admission. It was good for Steve to see. “Who’s taking over?”
“What happened?” asked Pepper.
"Yeah, you really killed the glass. How can you be such a shitty shot? Your husband's Captain America?"
She paused at the use of her nickname. Before she could get off the bed, Daddy caught her. She tried pushing out his hold.
He needed alpha! Desperate whining calls for alpha left his throat. The fear only sent him further into a feral state. Two words left him.
“This one is from the Queen of England."
"Do you have a lab I could use?" said Bruce.
“No, I’m getting my shield repaired,” he said. Steve smiled softly, but maybe it could turn into one.
"I don't want to be a monster."
“Should?”
She turned her head to the side slightly.
"Put her on."
“Give me your wallet.”
“Do I have your word?” asked Steve.
Steve emptied his glass. It did nothing to take off the edge. They went through several more slides before stopping at one that read:
Fury didn't look surprised.
“No!” The pup spoke assertively.
“So what?”
“You're just seeing that now,” said Tony.
"Of course."
“Fuck!”
“No, thank you,” Steve said.
He tapped Russia. Piper wasn't sure if he was actually Russian, but it was likely the last place he remembered with some clarity.
“I want to know what you’ve done to Agent Barton,” said Natasha.
Steve did as told tenderly removing it. It glowed brightly in his hand. He set on the table so Jarvis could scan it over.
"Never was a home. It's only a beautiful building," said Tony.
"A super-soldier?" asked Rune.
“Would you have told me if I didn’t?” she asked.
Steve had forgotten about it. He was more than happy with what he had.
As soon as Pepper entered the penthouse, she was struck by the smell of pregnant stressed omega. She forced back a cringe. Pregnancy sweetened Steve’s sent, but it was overwhelmed by stress.
“You’ve put yourself through some wear and tear over the years, Mr. Stark. I honestly expected to find more damage. It appears you've torn your rotator cuff. I want to take an ultrasound of your shoulder."
“I will. Bye, Dr. Turner.”
“It’s called an arrest,” she said, pushing Tony's face into the table. "It's the sheriff isn't it?"
The biggest surprise is when T’Challa shows up one day. You are asleep but he is there when you wake up, posture much like Sam’s but he stands directly in front of the glass walls. He considers you for a moment before speaking.
It’s the first time you acknowledge it to anyone else but yourself.
You just shrug and look out of the window again.
Okay my dear readers. The time has finally come. In this chapter there will be a brief but graphic description of violence. Please consider this before reading.
The three of you go to this little coffee shop a few streets down from the tower because they have the best coffee and the cake is just delicious. Before you head back you buy a slice of strawberry cheesecake for Tony and some of the cake pops that Steve loves so much.
She sits you down and makes you hot chocolate and you wish so much that you could just love her because it would be so much easier but then again she probably wouldn’t be interested in a fuck up like you and it’s just as well.
“You could have, but I understand why you didn’t. You came to me with your feelings and I kind of pushed you away without a real explanation. You were hurt, I get it. But getting Pepper on your side? That was a shitty move, Barnes.” Steve’s tone is playful despite his words and you look up at him.
And you know the voice but that’s not right either because Stark wasn’t there that night, was he?
Thor comes once and he actually speaks. He has to leave for Asgard to sort out some things and even he seems devastated. He apologises five times for having to leave at a time like this and then he is gone.
“They are all looking for you, you know?” Her voice is calming and not in the least bit accusing.
“You got to them before us and…”, his voice falters.
At first, everything is hazy and muted. But there are emotions now and you can feel something emerging from deep inside, something you thought you lost but by some miracle it’s still there. Broken and in pieces but there. And you know with a certainty that you are no longer under their control. You are no longer HYDRA’s little toy, their weapon. You don’t know who you are exactly but it doesn’t even matter right now. You run.
“You don’t understand, Pepper. Steve kissed me and Tony, he still loves him. I know it. And I love Steve, I do. But somehow I also… I also love Tony but he loves Steve. And I told Steve, told him the truth and he is disgusted. He hasn’t talked to me in days and Tony is hiding as well. I just messed it all up. And I wish I was dead.”
And that’s Steve’s voice and you don’t know what is real anymore and your head hurts. And then the man is gone and it’s your room again and everything is spinning. The door gives and Steve and Tony both barge into your room. Tony notices you first, where you are crouched into the corner, just like the woman you killed a lifetime ago and then again two minutes ago. He kneels down before you and Steve does the same but you still can’t look at him and it’s only a whimper that escapes your lips. But somehow –
“Oh, just because you are too cowardly to go in there and face him doesn’t mean I am as well.” Tony scoffs. “Don’t look at me like that, Rogers. This is my tower, my security system. Maybe I was bedridden but that doesn’t mean I don’t know what is going on.”
Three weeks later you run again. You can’t stay in Wakanda any longer. Rogers has started to seek you out as well and he tells you all these little stories from his past. Your past. But it all seems so far away and you try to tell him to stop chasing Bucky but you don’t find the right words. So you stay silent and listen until you can’t anymore.
“We just talked, Tony.”
Two weeks later you still don’t know how Tony is and no one tells you.
It’s easy with them. Clint takes nothing serious and you can banter with Sam all day long. Most people still think you kind of hate each other but you are actually good friends and when you can’t talk to your therapist Sam is always there for you.
You smile and Stark glares even harder.
You can’t help but laugh when the bots bump into each other repeatedly in their hurry to get away from you. It’s hilarious and you don’t know how you managed even a week without the controlled chaos of Tony’s lab. Even though it feels like you never left and Tony and you work together like a well-oiled machine. Neither of you realises the hours passing by and when Natasha comes in to invite both of you to movie night you are actually surprised that it’s already this late.
“I guess. I mean, yes I have feelings for him.”
“You just disappeared after a few days and then you moved out and I just thought you never wanted anything to do with me anymore. But I thought about coming here all the time I just was a coward.”
“Bucky are you…” is as far as he gets before you interrupt him, addressing Stark.
You pinch your eyes and breathe in deeply a few times. This is going to be hard.
“As to why I can only guess, boss. But I can confirm that no one informed Sargent Barnes about your recovery.” Tony stares incredulously at the nearest camera for a while before he shakes his head and turns to Steve and Rhodey.
“What the fuck? Why did no one tell him? You trap him in here like a fucking animal and you don’t even bother telling him I’m fine? No one? Not even Natasha or Clint? He saved my life and that’s the reason we are in this whole mess to begin with and you owed him at least that, Steve!” Tony’s voice booms through the chamber and you can see Steve shrinking in on himself more and more.
“Ok Barnes”, he addresses you while he plops down on the couch next to you. “You probably want to know why you are here.”
“FRIDAY, open the chamber”, Tony commands but his voice is faltering and you notice how bad he still looks. His right arm is in a cast, the skin that is showing is red from various burns and he limps badly.
You are alone when you hear the front door shatter and you go to inspect. Tony Stark is standing there with fire in his eyes which you can only see because he came without the armor. It’s a pretty stupid move because you could kill him right here, right now. And the Winter Soldier would, you know, because his shadow in your mind grows and you are barely able to push him away. You came here for a reason after all. And it’s not to kill Tony Stark.
Stark bites the words out harshly but you realise that most of his anger is directed at Caldwell and not at you and well, you just give in to the confusion.
Footage from the battle is airing on all stations but after the FOX News helicopter had been shot down (no casualties, thank god) the other reporters were keeping their distance and what you could make out is vague at least. You have to think back to your conversations with Pepper about how she worries about Tony when he is out fighting and you get it but it’s even worth for you because there a two people on the battlefield who you care for deeply.
“Ready?” he asked breathlessly when he pulled back.
Arousal dimmed his senses; pulling him under until he couldn’t think straight. Steve was pressed up against him fully, his hard length a branding, unforgettable presence against Tony’s stomach. Tony wanted it inside of him with every fiber of his being; every cell screaming to get Steve to bed and just
Tony’s heart was breaking. He wanted to say yes so badly, wanted Steve to sweep him off of his feet and claim him and marry him and make good on his words and change the world for all the omegas in Brooklyn.
“Now you’re being deliberately obtuse, Tony. I’ve never resented the way you like to lead in bed. I like it,” Steve snapped, blue eyes flashing warningly.
Steve snorted. Yeah, he wasn’t supposed to be out alone with Bucky in Midtown, but what his father didn’t know wouldn’t kill him. It’d been easy to give their stern teacher – Mr. Hammond - the slip earlier; taking a right where the rest of the group of students took a left. Steve was glad to be rid of them for a while; their stuck-up sneers and stuffy attitudes were almost enough to choke him.
“I don’t think your nose is broken; it looks more bruised.” Steve said and touched the tip of his nose carefully.
. I refuse to do anything you’re not comfortable with, even when you’re in Heat.”
“What the fuck for?” Tony groused to himself. What could the prince, the heir to the throne, ever want with him? Tony was a nobody – a poor omega turned blacksmith born to poor parents in Lower East Side, one of the poorer parts of Manhattan. Their paths had crossed the other day, when the price stepped in to keep Tony from death by enraged alpha, but that could hardly have left a lasting impression.
“He never told you?” Tony had thought Steve was joking. Holy shit, Bucky was in for a world of trouble.
“Go away, Pepper, Steve’s here to save me,” Tony said without looking at her.
That strength in your stare.
“What makes you think, Lord Stone, that I’d ever let your shriveled little knot anywhere near me?” Tony’s tone is calm, bordering on pleasant even. So was the nature of his fury – never explosive or raging - but instead cold and sharp enough to cut through diamonds.
“I’m an alpha!” Steve roared back. “I’m the King of Brooklyn and commander of its army for Gods’ sake! It’s literally in the job description.”
“Right in one,” Stone says with great satisfaction. He looms over Tony, almost as tall as Steve and Tony can’t say he’s a fan of this kind of intimation tactic. Stone advances slowly, his big body blocking the entrance and Tony finds himself trapped between the alpha and the bench. Short of climbing up on the window’s ledge, Tony’s stuck for now, though he leaves the ledge as a contingency plan.
At that, Steve’s face softens and his eyes shine with love. “I’ve talked to the physician more than enough to know what to expect when you get older, sweetheart. I want to take care of you, to do that I need to know about… what did you say? Crap like that.” The grin curving his mouth is boyish and a little shy both; it reminds Tony of the boy Steve had been, back then, the boy he’d given his heart to so many years ago.
Coming out into the bright shop, with its wide windows and rows of immaculate shelves, Tony stepped behind the short counter where the prince himself waited on the other side.
“I don’t think it’s entirely his fault this time,” Steve hedged and took a step back, letting Tony walk out before him.
Tony would never tell a soul how his heart shattered into a million, tiny pieces in that moment. It was by his own doing, but he’d rather have that than get to have Steve only to lose him again when Steve saw how little worth his time Tony was.
“Yeah, and I’m an omega and your fucking mate! That has nothing to do with this. Alpha, omega or beta – we all want to fight to protect what we love. I don’t give a shit what customs say about it. I have every right to be here by your side!”
“I-well I…” Steve cut himself off with a frustrated huff and raked a hand through his hair, fingers snagging in the hairstyle. A few pearls came loose from it. “Damn it,” Steve swore and seeming to give up, he let his hand fall to his side and thrust the other out to Tony.
“Uh-huh,” Tony snorted skeptically. “You often come to see plays in this neighborhood?”
“I’m- I’m gonna cum if you don’t stop,” Steve stuttered on a harsh exhale, skin slick with sweat and glistening in the soft, warm, light from the candles. He had never been more gorgeous; no artist could have ever captured the true beauty of Steve Rogers even if they’d been sat at the edge of their bed. This was all for Tony’s eyes only.
“Stay,” Steve said as he propped Bucky up against the wall.
“Sure, bring him along,” Steve nodded. “The more the merrier.”
“Fucking Hammer,” Tony swore. He grabbed a quill and dipped it in the inkwell, slashing over the calculations and words with what could only be described as vicious glee. “I’ll show him a fucking siege engine. I can’t believe we commissioned that quack; who authorized this?”
“Hey,” Tony greeted when they quieted down. “Great match.”
“You’ll be alright, Tony?” he asked.
Tony couldn’t do anything else than sit there in baffled silence and take it all in. Stern was looking more and more murderous the longer Steve talked. After half an hour - in which the truly atrocious play had begun and Steve passionately talked about liberating omegas from their captivity under abusive laws designed to oppress them - Stern had at last had enough and he excused himself with a huff, stalking off with muttered curses.
“Ah, shit,” Tony grimaced. “He’s really letting my liver feel it today.”
“Adam and Davy,” Patrick answered reluctantly, not even denying that it
“I have a fully staffed kitchen.”
“Shit,” Steve cursed. He buried his head in the crock of Tony’s neck and inhaled deeply. Gods, he’d never get tired of Tony’s scent, it smelled so… Frowning, Steve pulled back and stilled Tony’s movements.
Tony’s smile was blinding, clapping with the others in a deafening applause and in that moment, Steve didn’t care about the crown, his subjects or his friends – all he could think was:
Steve spins him around to face him. “Tony... how could I look at you and think anything but how achingly beautiful you are? You take my breath away, every and each day.”
“Yeah, back off, Buck, let me take this asshole down,” Steve snarled. He was vibrating with the need to put this asshole in his place; you didn’t hit omegas – you didn’t hit anyone smaller and weaker than you, period.
Steve laughed and swept Tony up in a bridal carry – ignoring Tony’s indignant protests. “Calm down and let me take you to our rooms. I’ll show you what
Bucky was silent for a long moment before he spoke up, kinder this time. “It wasn’t your fault, Steve.”
Fat lot of good that had done him. His Heat had taken him completely off guard and before he even knew it, he’d lost his chance to pour his heart in Steve’s hands, hoping he’d handle it with care. Shuddering, Tony thanked the Gods for Steve’s timely appearance. He couldn’t bear to think about what would’ve happened if he hadn’t shown up.
“I’m not that young omega you fell in love with anymore, just look at me!” Tony gestures to himself standing in his sandals, jewels and loincloth before Steve. “I’m old and I have wrinkles and scars all over! How the hell am I ever going to be able to compete with that – that-” He motions towards the door, as if Hani’s going to materialize there in all his gorgeous glory.
Tony thought he was furious before. He was wrong. “You fucking jerk!” The anger steals his words, makes him unable to even form them. Quick as a whip he’s at the door with a hand on the handle. He can’t be here right now; he’s going to fucking kill Steve if he has to be in the same room a second longer.
“Tony?” Steve repeated, not sure if his omega was actually standing before him or if it was some kind of apparition brought on by the exhaustion pervading his whole being, down to his very soul.
Thor was the crown-prince of Asgard and while Steve was big – having finally hit his last growth-spurt a year ago – Thor was older, bigger and stronger. Despite the fact that they were friends outside of the arena, they always gave it their all when they faced off in a match. Steve had yet to beat Thor, even if he usually managed to get lucky and drag the bout out for as long as his stamina lasted.
For so long it had seemed like the hill he had chosen to die on; no matter how many times Tony had proved him wrong it hadn’t really sunk into Steve’s stubborn head, until Tony had forged his armor and imbued it with magic - thanks to an alchemist named Stephen Strange and a blue gem, and saved his and Bucky’s asses from Hydra.
“I can’t,” Steve croaked at length. “I can’t find words, Tony. You look absolutely breathtaking.”
“You want to know anything else, my king?” He calls and Steve steps out from around the corner. He’s known Steve was standing there, listening in, for a while now. It doesn’t lessen the pain he feels over being used like this to get information.
“Alright, alright,” Tony soothed. “Guess you guys are hungry, huh?” He picked Peter up first and handed him to Clint, then cradled Rhia in his arms. They were only two weeks old but they certainly knew what they wanted. To say Tony had been surprised when he went into labor and the doctor told him he’d delivered not one, but two children had been an understatement.
“You are mine. All mine.” Tony couldn’t help the gravely way his voice had turned, or how he moved his pelvis in small circles against Steve’s, pressing their erections together again and again, making them moan into each other’s mouths.
Patrick looked indignant. “Of course, dad, he gave birth to me.”
“…No,” Bucky replied laboriously at length, “I don’t think I’ll ever be okay again, Stevie.”
“Everything okay?” Nat whispers when he comes closer to her, where she stands guard beside the door with Clint on the other side.
“You up for getting down this mountain now?” Tony asked, getting to his feet and reaching a hand out to help Steve up.
“I will take care of the party skulking about in the mountains,” Tony finished from behind them. Steve pivoted, frown already creasing his forehead.
“Honestly,” Rhia huffed with her hands on her hips. She reached down to help Peter up from the floor, their features mirror images of each other. The twins were twelve and copies of Tony, down to the black hair and brown eyes. They were omegas, just like Tony and so smart it was baffling at times. Steve was so proud of all of them he could burst with it.
“And do you both promise to support each other, through bad times and good times, through sickness and health, for as long as you both shall live?”
“That’s a really loaded word.”
Tony nodded at the schematics. “I can see it from here. If you change the -“ He stepped up to the drawing table and went off sprouting numbers, percentages and degrees without noticing their astonishment. Within ten minutes, Tony had discarded the diagrams entirely and was drawing a new one with sharp, confident movements, holding them all in awed capture as something revolutionary took form before their very eyes.
Tony ducked shyly but Steve’s fingers around his chin held him up. “Never lower your gaze when I’m complimenting you, Tony. I mean every word.”
Why I love you so much...</
“Yes, your Highness?” he said politely, letting the poor man find his composure though he was sorely tempted to mess with him a little.
It left Steve exasperated and his friends amused, he could hear their failed attempts to muffle their snickers. Assholes.
Rhodes shook his head, smiling. “I’ll see you later, Omega Stark. I’m looking forward to seeing what else you’ll come up with.”
Steve glanced at it dismissively. “Seems like an invitation to visit Asgard to me.”
“Was it worth it? Letting Rumlow claim you?” Tony asked, genuinely curious. He wanted to know if Bruce had ever regretted giving his heart away, only to have it stomped on later on.
“Pack your things,” he ordered Clint. “We’re going back in an hour.”
“I can’t compete with that, Steve,” Tony rasps thickly, breathing hard, and Steve looks at him with one of the most loving gazes Tony has ever seen directed at him.
Bedecked in his most expensive finery, Tony mostly feels like a wandering mannequin. He’s more eager than usual to have the night over and done with, so he can take his mate back here and have Steve make good on his unspoken promise of pleasures to come. “So, what did the mysterious paper say, other than to transfer ownership, of course?” Tony asks as he reaches for the last pieces of ornament to adorn himself with.
couldn’t lose.
Steve’s eyes were as wide as his; they never broke eye contact during the time it took Steve to work his cock deep into Tony, a thick, reverent silence descending over them as Tony’s pelvis finally was flush with Steve’s.
“What?”
“I wished he had,” Steve said softly. “I wish I was the only one here they could inflict pain on. You didn’t deserve this, Buck, none of you do.”
“Yeah, okay,” Tony mumbled. It felt like his tongue was too thick for his mouth and his head was swimming. Steve smelled so good, Tony wanted to rub himself all over him and take his knot deep and lock them together forever.
“Sure,” Sam chuckled. “Good night, your Majesties.”
The day of the coronation and their claiming began pleasantly with Steve waking up with Tony’s lips around his cock, leaving him a wrung out, panting mess before he was done with him.
“You’re about to let a prince claim you,” Steve pointed out. “You can and you will accept it. It’s your right as my betrothed.”
Tony has never wished for a pair of pants so hard in his life, and he hates the fact that he has to sit there and smile and be nice in his ceremonial outfit, which consists of little else but silk and jewels, and is forbidden by social customs from knocking Stone’s teeth out of his smarmy mouth with his fist. Tony wishes he could signal Nat and know she’d take care of this stuck up alpha, who thinks he can lay his hand on Tony without repercussions. But the treaty depends on Stone’s cooperation. Tony can’t – won’t – ruin this. They can’t afford to.
“You came here with the intent to get between Steve and I?” Tony repeats,his head suddenly spinning.
“This is amazing,” Fury stated when Tony was done. “I’ve never seen anything like it. Why haven’t we done it like this before?” he demanded sharply, turning to Rhodes and Happy.
Stung, Tony tucked himself deeper into Steve’s jacket. “It’s okay,” he said. “I understand.”
Fact: He’s still useful to Steve as his consort and head inventor; he’s still able to come up with new armor and weapons to help defend their kingdom.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked shakily.
“No,” Tony denied, mouthing at Steve’s rock-hard cock with barely there licks and light, sucking, kisses. Steve’s flesh throbbed against his tongue and he lapped at the swollen glans, at the pre-cum beading there. It exploded in a burst of salt and something that was uniquely Steve in his mouth; his own, neglected cock jerking while his backside grew increasingly slick.
“I can’t accept this,” Tony tried to protest. “It’s too valuable to waste on me.”
Tony’s confused. “What document? I didn’t see it when I went through them with Pepper earlier.”
Well, now what?
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
“I was not flirting, Tony. I was trying to be polite,” Steve chuckled, a little sheepishly.
Before Tony knew how it happened, he was holding on to Steve’s big, strong arm – his biceps were bigger than Tony’s head and rock hard, oh gods – and Stern was bobbing along in their wake into the theater proper. It wasn’t like they had designated seats and Steve picked out three in the back, letting Tony sit down first before taking the chair beside him and letting Stern take the final one. Wholly blasé, Steve carried on to dominate the conversation and prattled on about the weather, the state of the capital, the economy and omega rights.
“Wait!” An idea had formed in the back of Steve’s mind. “Why don’t you join us at the feast tonight?”
“Hey, Bruce,” he said softly. “It’s all right, Rumlow’s gone for now.”
“I… can't help it,” Steve groaned, trembling grip slipping on Tony’s hips from the combination of oils and sweat.
Steve reached, grabbed Tony’s nape and pulled him down into a messy, spit-slick kiss at the same time as he positioned his cock at Tony’s entrance with his other hand. Tony moaned at the feeling of Steve’s cock prodding his slick hole, whining loudly when Steve’s hips shifted and rose, his hard, thick length slowly pressing into Tony’s body.
He could feel his orgasm approaching, could feel Steve’s knot swell and grow, catching against his swollen rim until he couldn’t do much else but grind and rock, slowly locking them together.
“Did you want anything, Tony?” Steve said loudly, interrupting Tony extolling all of Thor’s physical attributes.
“Then why?” To Tony’s shame he starts to cry; big, fat drops run down his cheeks and drip down onto Steve’s arms.
“I’d like to see you do it instead, jerk,” Steve shot back but it lacked heat. He was too tired to care all that much. He gratefully accepted the wet rag Bucky held out, mopping sweat and blood off of his face and held it to his bleeding nose.
He’d laughed through the dizziness brought on by the anesthesia and then started to cry while cradling the twins against his chest. Steve should’ve been there; he should’ve been the first one to hold their twins and turn his baffled face on Tony, hopefully with a beaming smile of wonder and pride.
“I don’t think you do,” Steve replied. “I can’t take anything you say right now at face value. You’re compromised by your Heat and I need to leave before I do something we’d both regret in the morning.”
Tony’s sweet, heady scent filled his head and he flexed his arms around Tony’s waist, when Tony clenched around Steve’s cock deep in his ass. Grunting, Steve did his best to meet Tony’s thrusts where he sat cross-legged with Tony undulating in his lap. He gritted his teeth and groaned from deep within his chest as Tony’s nails raked down his back, the sting only adding to the pleasure roaring through him.
Steve raised his shield again, ready to take another enemy down if necessary, but he froze when the man came close enough to make out his face underneath the simple helmet. Steve dropped his shield in shock, fingers tingling as blood flooded back into them. He’d clutched the straps desperately during the hours since he’d entered this hell, too afraid to lose his primary weapon. The one Tony had made him.
“Then he started shouting and Rhia shouted back, Hani threw up his hands and fled and I cried instead of laughing like I really wanted to,” Peter supplied happily.
“It is!” he insisted. “I’m a nobody, Steve, a poor commoner! I can’t wear royal jewelry.”
“My beautiful Tony, what have they done to you?” Steve whispered, dismayed. He hurried to get a cloth from the pile beside the sink, wetting it before coming back to kneel before Tony.
“Steve has told you about me?” He couldn’t believe his ears. Steve had talked to Thor Odinson about
Fucking fools, the whole lot of them. That’s why it’d hurt him so much to hear Patrick had listened a little too closely to his friends’ poisonous words. He hadn’t known just how hard Tony had fought for every inch of autonomy.  But Tony had kept a close eye on his eldest; watching as Patrick’s expression had slowly morphed from surly to horrified to land on ashamed. That’s when Tony knew that his words had reached him.
Tony’s grin was unrepentant. “And still you want to marry me?”
“Get off of him, you bastard!” Steve growled. There was a sound of something connecting with something else, hard, - probably a fist and someone’s face - and suddenly everyone was yelling, growling and shouting in pain. The man holding Tony down vanished so fast it was like he’d vaporized, the one in front slung backwards so hard his head bounced off of the ground with a loud
He snaked his arms around Tony’s waist, hands pressing down at the small of his back to get him even closer. “Fuck yes, I do,” he whispered into Tony’s ear and then proceeded to roll Tony under him and show him why for an hour or so.
Harley was a general in the making and after Steve had started to take an interest in his lessons, Tony wouldn’t be surprised if Harley made it in ten years. Tony also had a suspicion Steve was grooming Harley to take over Bucky’s position as head of the royal guards a few years down the line and then take charge of Patrick’s detail once Steve was no longer king.
They would win, together.
“Lastly,” Thor added as an afterthought, “he is only dancing with Loki because I asked him.”
Steve didn’t hear him. “But- you’re pregnant? Where’s Patrick?” A cold, panicked fist squeezed his heart. What had happened to the kids?
“This is my gift to my omega and mate,” he recited, “may your days be blessed.” He took a deep breath. This was it.
“I love you too, Tony, just as you are; messy, cranky, sassy, stubborn… anything you want to give me, I’ll gladly accept and keep.”
“Don’t feel bad,” Tony tried to comfort him. “I doubt anyone could beat Thor. He’s too…” he trailed off with a dazed look in his eyes that Steve didn’t like at all.
“Let me down,” Steve all but exhaled when the atmosphere crept into oppressive territory. He was placed on his feet in front of Tony, eyes intense and his stare felt like a caress across Tony’s skin. Tony immediately felt better when Steve’s wide shoulders and back hid him from the others’ view, making him relax minutely.
Makes everything feel fine.
“No-it’s Rogers – I mean Steve. Please call me Steve,” Steve entreated, the blush now staining his cheeks and the tip of his ears red. Tony thought he could hear snickering from outside but he couldn’t be sure. Probably just some kids playing or something.
“And thank the Gods for that,” Tony teased. “I’ve seen your clumsy attempts with a hammer.”
“Of course I have to, I
The power in your face,
“I’m not the one with a chip on my shoulder.” Bucky shrugged when Steve glared. “Sorry, pal, but it’s true. Ever since Tony rejected you, you’ve been like a bear with a stomach ache.”
“Nonsense,” Steve said cheerfully. “I’m sure your companion won’t mind at all. Right, Mr.…?”
“And have you- “
blood-purity, we want to make a super-soldier out of Bucky and force him to repopulate half of the planet when they’ve killed everyone not passing muster?”
“You can’t do this!” Stone warbles through the blood running down the lower half of his face. “Lord Stane will kill me if I return without the deed!” Natasha takes Stone’s other arm in a firm grip and together, she and Bucky all but drags Stone away.
“Never.” Steve spit out a glob of blood, tongue prodding the split lip he’d gotten earlier and grinned back at Thor. “Today is the day I take you down.”
“Alright,” Tony said hesitantly. “See you tonight then.”
“Ah.” Thor nodded knowingly. “Yes, I understand your plight, friend Steve. I, too, am attempting to court a most vexing omega. He has not yet even deigned to talk to me,” he said ruefully.
Steve’s smile was mischievous. “It’s perfect, don’t you think?”
Steve let out a long, relieved sight. “Thank you, sweetheart.” He pressed his lips against Tony’s forehead and they remained like that for a moment, soaking in the other’s scent and love before their separation.
Letting Stone lean in even further and get a real good sniff of his scent, Tony loosens the hold he usually keeps on his pheromones. Stone looks drunk; his irises almost completely overtaken by his pupils. Good. Tony knows what an omega’s pheromones do to an alpha, and he thanks the gods that he’s old enough to keep them suppressed most of the time, and the ability to use them to his advantage when he needs it. The lord swallows heavily and it looks like he’s trying to rain back on his arousal. Tony almost snorts. Like he could.
“Did you tell him how you feel?”
“Alright alright,” he grumbled. He snatched the document out of Pepper’s hand and quickly read through it. He then did a double take, frowning irritably at the neat script. “What the hell? Who did these calculations? It’s all wrong. If they build it like this it’s going to implode the minute they try to load it with anything heavier than a kitten!”
“What’s the matter?” Tony repeats. He’s still so fucking angry, he can barely see straight. In all of their years together, Steve has never treated him so cruelly. He’s never blatantly flirted with another in front of Tony and let another alpha almost molest him to get information. Steve has rather been a little too protective of Tony; never letting another alpha get so close and personal with him.
The court was thrown into a tizzy when Tony was installed in Steve’s rooms before the King’s body was laid to rest in the family crypt underneath the cathedral. The upper echelons of Manhattan’s society whispered behind their backs about their scandalous conduct. To think they dared to live in a physical relationship before the official betrothing ceremony!
Steve scowled. “Tony isn’t like other omegas.”
“There,” Steve said when he was done, voice raspy and deeper than normal. “You okay with walking?”
“But do you want me to stop?” Tony croaked as he came up for air, grinning impishly at Steve’s glowering face. He took that as a no, getting back to work, sucking and licking Steve’s cock until Steve’s legs trembled and the aborted jerks of his hips grew into gentle thrusts.
“I don’t know,” Tony croaked. He didn’t have the courage to tell Steve how grateful he was that he was still there, that he hadn’t left Tony all alone. He was so sick of being alone.
The omega didn’t like to hear that. He growled and got angrier when Tony ignored him. “Who invited you anyway? I can’t think of any self-respecting alpha wanting to get caught dead in your company!”
Nobody was nice to Steve anymore.
– because I’m pregnant!” Tony keened and spilled between them, his hot cum painting Steve’s quivering abs with sticky, white streaks.
nonsense. “They said it’s unnatural for omegas to fight in battles, it’s against nature.”
“A boy and a – “ Steve’s head spun again, and it wasn’t all from more than two weeks of little food and water and emotional exhaustion. He had to sit down.
“Perfect? It’s a fucking fortune in a box!” Tony exclaimed.
Tony didn't recognize the person staring back at him, it was so vastly different from how he usually looked.
Clint seemed to be getting cold feet, damn him. Tony didn’t have time for this. “I don’t know, Tony. It’s only been two weeks since the cesarean. Maybe you should rest a few more days.”
Tony laughed and got to his feet. “Come on, let’s get to the others.”
“Hail King Steven!” Yinsen rumbled as Steve rose to his feet and turned to face them; his feeble voice amplified by the acoustic of the room. The gathered people stood as one and said, “Hail King Steven!” in a thundering echo, the bells up in the tower above the throne room ringing out their joyous message to the rest of the city.
Tony spoke with a clear and confident voice, his eyes staring right into Steve’s very soul. “This is my gift to my King and mate; may your days be blessed. It is my most sincere wish that this will become a symbol of our nation and our vision of a peaceful, prosperous future.”
“There,” Steve said when he was done. “Let me see.” His eyes darkened as Tony raised his head, the chains resting comfortable around his neck without restricting his breathing. “Look at you,” Steve breathed, awed. “Seeing it on you is better than I imagined; it makes you look even more gorgeous than I thought possible.”
Thor’s laugh boomed loud over the crowd’s shouts. “Come at me then, Prince Rogers, and we will see if your prowess has grown since last year.”
“You have a visitor.”
“We will continue this discussion in the morning. Please, let’s continue.” He motions for Stone and Hani to join them at their table as the chattering of voices around them resume. Even though Tony knows – he fucking knows – it’s just a formality, Hani’s self-satisfied smile and Stone’s smug face still stings and makes him want to hurl. He does his best to tamper down the heartbreak threatening to choke him, and swallows around the big lump suddenly stuck in his throat.
“It doesn’t, but thanks for the effort,” Steve said mournfully. “I can’t believe they didn’t tell me.”
“But,” Steve interrupted, “if you’d like to come and live with me in the castle, I would be overjoyed.”
Steve was jolted out of his troubled thoughts when the door atop the stairs banged open and the guards appeared, dragging something between them. No, not something – someone.
“I can protect myself,” Tony whispered into his chest. “I’ll be very careful and I’ll have Clint and Sam with me. They won’t let anything happen to me.”
“Go on,” Steve encouraged, “open it.”
“Alright,” he relented when Tony turned big, pleading eyes on him. “I’ll see you back at our rooms in an hour.”
“I know,” Steve agreed. “But we decided that he’s got to make his own choices and mistakes. He’s got to learn these things for himself but- “
“Your Majesty, I present to you my desert flower, brought here from the scorching sands and sun baked hills of the south: Hani.”
Steve’s brows furrowed, pensively. “I… think I’ll need you to explain it further to me. Just to make it clearer,” he added hurriedly at the disbelieving look Tony shot him.
“In a hurry?” Tony teased impishly.
“It’s yours,” Steve said simply. “I’ve carried it with me and waited for the right moment for you to accept it.”
Tony had no idea how long they kissed but at some point, air became a real concern and he managed to pull away even when all of what he was, was screaming at him to stay, to drown in these feelings and dedicate every fiber of his being to please his alpha.
“S’alright,” Steve soothed with a trembling voice. “I’ve got you.”
Tony managed to drag himself over to the privy, where he did his business and then fell back into bed when he returned with a disgruntled noise, the stink of Heat, sweat, slick and Steve assaulting his nose. It smelled like the best thing ever – their combined scents sweeter than any perfume.
“Hail Consort Stark,” everyone chorused, some more reluctant than others; cementing Tony as their second ruler and in so, they helped change Brooklyn’s future forever.
Before Steve knew how it happened and could protest, he found himself submerged in a large, copper bathtub, naked, bewildered, and wet as Tony was spirited away out of his sight. He was forcibly scrubbed within an inch of his life, despite his complaints that he could bathe himself. He got a mouthful of soap for his troubles and Pepper gave a wry snort. “Hardly, your Highness. If I left it up to you, you would walk to your coronation in your usual, plain, rags with straw, twigs and leaves stuck in your hair.”
Tony rose higher on his knees, letting Steve get more room to slowly run his fingers down the valley between Tony’s cheeks, giving a hungry growl at the wetness there, as he stroked Tony’s  twitching hole and coated his fingers in slick.
He feels more than hears when Steve comes in after him. Steve almost never makes a noise if he doesn’t want you to hear. Tony has become, over the years, very accustomed to the way the air in a room changes when Steve enters it. It’s something about the way his energy fills every space he occupies and the way his scent always fills Tony’s nose, no matter how subtle.
Tony’s mouth went dry at the sight of him and his stomach clenched when the sweet scent rolling off the prince reached his nose. Wow, that was a potent cocktail of pheromones. It was all Tony could do to suppress his own from leaking all over the place and stink it up with how much want he currently felt for the handsome prince.
“An old, sad omega way past his prime. Who’s going grey. And fat,” he adds as an afterthought, when he remembers that he’s pregnant again.
“Nice landing, loser,” Bucky mocked as Steve sat down on an empty crate with a sigh of relief. “I told you he’d go for your ankles; you need to be faster next time.”
- My Everything by Joanna Fuchs
Tony felt ashamed. He’d put his foot in his mouth and reminded Bruce about his failed mating with that dick, Rumlow, and now the little glimpse of good mood they had was ruined.
It wasn’t that Steve distrusted his people or anything like that, and everything to do with a sudden urge to bend Tony over the nearest, vertical surface while showering him with praise.
“A hostage?” Tony couldn’t help the horror he felt. What kind of barbarians were the Asgardians?
“Tony…” Steve picked up the plate, moved it out of the way and then drew Tony into his arms, enveloping him in a warm embrace. “I could never leave you; it took everything in me to get out of bed this morning.” He pressed his lips against Tony’s forehead tenderly. “If it were up to me, I’d never leave your side again,” he whispered into Tony’s skin, like a secret.
Tony smoothly came down the steps and ripped open Bucky’s door with his hands – he didn’t even seem to be trying. Next, he went for Steve’s and the sound of the iron bending under Tony’s hands was sweet music to Steve’s tired ears. Then he was in Tony’s arms – and it sure was a novelty to not have to look down to meet Tony’s eyes – the armor giving him enough height to level his face with Steve’s.
Tony has never once regretted letting Steve claim him, but he has wondered, more than once, why Steve had even wanted him in the first place. Although two years older than Tony, Steve is still very much an alpha in his prime, a literal perfect specimen. Royalty by birth; he can trace his bloodline back for centuries, while Tony is a… literal not so perfect specimen of an omega. Born to poor parents and only having his brilliant mind and good looks to rely on, Tony’s upbringing had been on the streets and in the shadowy corners of their capital.
“There, at the north edge,” Tony told him again and pointed. “Bucky’s got a broken leg but Nat got him to safety. I stumbled over Clint and sent him to them. I think something’s wrong with his hearing, he just stared at me and I had to shout really loud for him to hear me.”
“Get in line,” Bucky gritted out. “He didn’t cut off
Tony hates it when he’s right. After the dinner, where he’s been forced to sit beside Lord -please call me Ty – Tiberius Stone, and listen to him brag about everything but how thick his knot is, the big-headed lord finally makes his move. He gets up and saunters in front of the head table, making a gesture to an aid who waits at the far end of the hall. The man nods quickly and then slides out of the doors.
“You’re mine now,” Steve breathed into Tony’s ear. “Forever and ever.”
Tony took it all in like he was an outsider looking in on an elaborate ceremony worthy of any stage; the servants were so coordinated and in sync it was almost scary how efficient they were. He manfully held out until they took a step back, their admiring gazes sliding over him without feeling intrusive or offensive. They simply looked at him like he was a work of art, their masterpiece turned alive under their care.
“I can walk on my own,” Bucky complained when Tony hoisted him up.
The words hit like a bucket of icy water. Tony freezes. “W-what?” he stammers through his tears.
“You’re still here?”
“Should I be worried?” Steve asked sardonically with raised eyebrows.
“What the fuck are you doing? Stop!” an enraged, familiar voice shouted from behind them, stopping the alphas in their tracks.
“I could never choose another over you, Tony. You’ve had my heart in your hands since the first day, I never had a choice but to love you.” That’s almost enough to make him cry again, but Tony resists until the urge passes.
Steve’s hands shook when he accepted it from Tony, his mate’s smile small and pleased.
The world they lived in wasn’t perfect nor beautiful all the time; it could be cruel and tried repeatedly to put them down, to force them to submit to their biology as much as to what men before them had decided should be their fate. But they would keep on fighting; for each other and every other man and woman who wanted to be who they were meant to be. They would never stop going forward.
“You say that like you’re just a nobody.”
“That’s the heat talking,” Steve panted, a fine sheen of sweat covering his face and Tony could make out through his hazy sight that Steve was trembling all over. “I refuse to do anything to you without your consent, Tony.”
Tony froze in his tracks. He slowly turned to look at Steve, standing right behind him and the alpha whose arm Tony was holding onto.
“Yours,” Tony whimpered, a little dazed.
“No more than usual,” Steve groaned good-naturedly. “I think the only thing permanently injured is my pride.”
“I don’t know about that. All I’ve ever known is that love makes you do stuff you wouldn’t do otherwise. How is that not a weakness?” Tony argued.
Steve’s grin was so bright, it was like staring directly into the sun. He kissed Tony, hard and deep, leaving them both breathless by the time he drew back.
“I did,” Steve nodded without remorse. “I didn’t like the look of him, he’s probably an asshole. I wouldn’t be surprised if he’d tried to lay his hands on you.”
Steve’s hand slams the door shut again and he crowds Tony up against it, strong arms wrapping around him and holding him tight. “Calm down, Tony.”
“Okay,” Tony said slowly. “I’ll just get going then.”
Tony awoke slowly, consciousness returning in increments with a splitting headache and the pressure of a too full bladder blaring for release tagging along. Groaning, Tony rolled over and tried to sit up. He ached all over, his head and backside complaining the most.
Sam snorted. “Sorry my ass.”
It’d been days since he last saw Bucky, as he was dragged away from the cell across from Steve’s, with Schmidt’s second – Arnim Zola - rubbing his hands together with a maniacal giggle and strutting after Bucky and the guards holding his remaining arm; the other one there one day and gone the next. Steve’s screams had fallen for deaf ears; all of his growling and threats impotent and the final, ominous bang of the door down to his cellblock had left him alone with his rage and nowhere to vent it.
“…. Not really,” Tony answered at length, confused. “Sounds to me like you’re the one thinking that?”
“They’re comfortable,” Steve tried to object, rather weakly. He manfully ignored the small pile of aforementioned debris a servant pointedly detangled from his long hair and placed on a small table next to the tub. Pepper was the mistress of the household and ran it with an iron fist and scary competence. Steve would’ve been crazy to resist her.
He deflated as the will to fight drained out of him, leaving him with an empty sensation that felt a lot like loss. “I don’t want you to send me away.”
When Stone re-takes his seat next to Tony and the little tramp omega has slithered into the empty one left of Steve, the night becomes something out of Tony’s imaginings of what hell must be like. Stone yammers on and on about all of Hani’s attributes in Tony’s ear, and Hani has all but fused himself to Steve’s arm, touching him all the time with a simpering smile plastered on his face. Steve listens attentively while Hani speaks to him; he doesn’t seem to mind the hunger in Hani’s eyes nor the way he closes his long fingers around Steve’s bicep.
To say he’d been floored when he realized that Steve had kept his promise, that he was rewriting the laws restricting Tony and any other omega inside of Brooklyn’s borders, would’ve been an understatement.
“Aw, hell,” Bucky sighed from right behind him. He could tell what Steve was thinking without a single glance at him, just taking in the scene before them was enough.
The crowd groaned collectively at his loss. Steve sighed deeply and let his tired limbs sprawl and relax as his head thumped down, coming to rest on the ground. The sky was so blue it almost hurt to look at it and his mind drifted as his eyes slowly tracked a lonely cloud idly drifting by.
