He watched the old cargo plane taxi to a stop near the hangar, and then walked out to meet it as the back ramp descended.  Captain Rogers stepped out first, warily looking around for trouble.  Romanov and Wilson followed, with Clint, Maximoff, and Scott Lang bringing up the rear.  When Rogers and Romanov finally got a good look at him, he could see the shock on their faces.  Rogers dropped his bag and stood there in wonder, while Romanov stalked forward to meet him.
But Nakia had not been the only one of his people, or even the only one of his Dora Milaje that disagreed with his decision to house the former Avengers.  There had been several desertions, which had thinned the already slender ranks.  So here he sat, with nearly one hundred potential guards fighting to win their place in the Dora Milaje.
Sam knew that you should never read the comment section on the internet.  The casual racism and sexism alone were pretty revolting.  But there was also the rare time when people were brutally honest in the comments in a way that they never would have been comfortable being straight to your face.
“In 1988, they made an accidental discovery.  One of the techs, a Nikolai Sorokin, made a mistake.  He brought him to the lab too soon after waking him up.  Mr. Barnes’ brain was still hovering between stasis and not.”
"Lady Oxford, I do apologize.  The men do get carried away with their interests," Lady Frigga said.  It was obvious she wasn't too sorry, however.
“All I can think of is that he tried to keep us together.  And that’s the only way we could have beaten this.  Together,” Steve said, quietly.  “I forgot that.  We were never as strong as when we were both focused on solving a problem.  He remembered it.  He got it.  He listened to me.  I just want him to know that I finally listened to him, too.  It took too long and too many people got hurt, but I finally get it.  I have to be accountable for my actions.”
"That will not cover the monies I laid out to find your information," Rahul countered.  "Two thirds."
Steve grimaced.  “Yes.  They’re staying with Tony.  S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives removed them before the HYDRA goons had a chance to grab them.
?” Rhodey asked.  “Is this some sort of euphemism?  Because I love you like a brother.  And not, like, a Winchester brother.  You’re the Jay to my Silent Bob.  Hetero life mates.”
“That one,” he said, gesturing at a woman who looked to be in her early thirties.  “She won’t stop staring.  I knew I should have gone to a tailor.”
I am so sorry that it has taken so long to update!  Life has been insane (in a good way--yay new goddaughter!) and I haven't had time to edit.  That being said, this is un-beta'd, so please let me know if you see anything weird/confusing!
“Your machines are amazing,” Steven said. “The one that we saw at the carnival, even if I disagreed with the purpose, was elegant. You could see the care that went into crafting it.”
The best guess was the young man with him.  He was slightly shorter than Tony, with dark, messy hair.  Steven felt a sharp stab of jealousy when the young man said something that made Tony throw back his head and laugh, but Steven pushed it down.  It was easier to be irate that Tony had conned someone else.
"Hammer," Loki said.  His jaw was rigid and Steven noticed how white his knuckles appeared.  "Lady Oxford.  You are as lovely as ever."
“It might not work.  They might just toss us both into someplace like the Raft.  Or worse,” T’Challa said.
"No.  They will find some way to stop me if I do," Tony said.  "And it will be easier to keep you out of it."
Lion Mask and his men entered the room with the scrolls and tablets, and after a few minutes punctuated by the sound of the cage doors swinging open, they returned with the tablets in hand.  They returned to the Great Court, where the rest of the armed cadre still held the attendees at gunpoint.
Tony looked him straight in the eye. "Then again, maybe I’d rather look up and see your face."  He wasn't expecting the blinding grin Steve gave him.
"I'm sure they are happy that Thor has such a good friend," Steven said.  It boggled his mind that people might look down on someone who had built their own fortune.
“Yeah, but maybe we should have let Tony try,” Clint said.  “I can’t believe he would try to hurt us, not really.  Even in Leipzig, you have to admit that his people weren’t there to kill us, they were just trying to stop us.  We were the ones that went for the killing blows.   I mean hell, do you realize how easy it would have been for Scott to kill one of them when he went big?  We let the mission mean more than our friends.”
His clicked back to the search results and found a veterans forum.  The image on the splash page was Colonel Rhodes in his Air Force uniform.  Sam remembered when he’d first met the man.  Rhodes was a legend in the Air Force, especially among the younger African American members.  No one could say that he hadn't risen to his rank on his own merits and bravery.  And while some folks grumbled underneath their breath about how being the Stark liaison hadn’t hurt either, most people thought that dealing with the younger Stark was enough to have earned Rhodes a couple of stars.
“Loki, stop it,” Thor said, and then sighed.  “Steven, I’m sure the ladies think you cut a dashing figure, in the most chaste of ways.  I believe the two of you wanted to go see the tablets.”
"No sir," Tony admitted.  "But, I could afford a horse, perhaps, and a cart.  That way I could travel and take whatever jobs I can find.  And once I have a little funding, I could build something a little more suitable."
"Hmmm, pink roses, I think," Loki said, walking over to his rosebushes.  "They have been kind to me.  As I said, most of the people in their social circles would look down on someone whose money comes from trade.  But they have welcomed me with open arms, and not for my money."
He had underestimated Nakia’s rage.  He should have known when she attacked Ms. Maximoff that she was dangerously close to losing control.  But now, it seemed, she was gaining her revenge in a much more public way.
Laura and another dark-haired woman were at the stove, stirring and adding ingredients to several pots.  The other woman hip-checked Laura, sending them both into peals of laughter.  Cooper and Lila sat at the kitchen table, while an older boy gesticulated wildly as he showed them something on a tablet.  Tony and Rhodes sat at the breakfast bar, drinking coffee and arguing over blueprints.  Tony had one hand on Nate’s rocker and was bouncing him absentmindedly.
"Frigga, you do keep the most interesting company these days," Lady Oxford said, managing to sneer while still sounding polite.  "One never knows who one might find in your parlor.  Tell me, Mr. Rogers.   What does your family do?"
“Oh,” Steven said, letting the information sink in.  “You think these men think there is information about designing weapons in this exhibit?”
Jarvis's face contorted in distaste.  "I'm sure we can come up with something better than a smelly horse and cart," he said.  "You can come and work with me."
"Yes sir," Tony replied.  "I bought my tools myself, other than those you gave to me, so there is no guilt in taking them with me."
“I want to help,” he said.  “And I can’t fight my way out of this, and frankly, I’ve come to the conclusion that I’m not politically adept enough to talk my way out.”
"Can we cut the guy a break?" he asked. He changed the subject away from Steve by clicking onto the other Avengers. "Let’s see, the lovely Natasha is represented by the red hourglass on a black nightie, Clint, ah. Clint has an arrow with a charming little phrase: 'Always make sure the shaft is firm and straight'. Lovely."
“That’s him, isn’t it?” Thor asked.  “Philip mentioned that you’d had a run-in with someone who abused your good nature, and that you’d met here.”
The pub looked like the sort of place that Bucky would frequent, which was no sort of endorsement.  The barmaids were comely enough, and Steven supposed the smells wafting out of the kitchen were somewhat mouthwatering.
“Why did you return?” Steven asked. “You don’t sound like you have many good memories of your time there.”
Parker, M>Designation-Guest:  “I will threaten my boss as often and as intensely as needed to get things done.  My forgiveness can be bought with college scholarships for my nephew.”
Tony paused.  There were a handful of people who had that address.  One of them lived on the floor below him.  One of them died in a second-rate armor in Malibu.  And one of them had left him a couple of months ago.  The only other person who had that address had skived off after Sokovia, trying to bury his big green head in the sand of an island in the southeast Asia.
The gondola lurched and swayed as small explosions rocked the ship, originating from the direction Tony had taken when they boarded.  Steven had a brief, panicked thought that he hoped the engineer was safe, but he was jarred from his focus by Thor pulling him down the ramp and away from the ship.  They stumbled towards the crates where Fandral, Philip, and Bucky were hiding.  Steven did a quick count and noticed that their engineer was missing.  Fear shot through him.
“Well, she slept with him and then he couldn’t remember her name,” Natasha explained, with a smirk.  “She really didn’t like that.”
“Ladies and gentlemen, honored delegates, and members of the press.  I am here to present more information surrounding the inception of the Accords, and their misuse and abuse with respect to the events in Vienna and Leipzig.”
“You’ll need to pose as customers,” Sif said, with a shrug.  “Fandral can provide entree, as he has visited before.”  Fandral grinned and looked quite proud of himself.
“They may,” Tony said, shaking his head.  “But Mr. Banner and I have found no schematics to speak of, and no one has managed to decipher enough of the writings to say one way or the other.”
“What, like using science to trick people into turning over their money in a confidence scheme?” Steven asked, unable to resist the dig.
They ditched the quinjet off the coast of Argentina, close to Buenos Aires.  It would hopefully destroy any evidence of their time in Wakanda.  T’Challa had been adamant about them staying under his protection, but things had come to light that meant they couldn’t keep away any more.
“No, just use discretion when you do,” Thor said.  “You had no idea about Loki and me, because we’re discreet.  You just have to learn to keep things close to your chest.”
“No,” he said, stopping.  “The Dora Milaje have already failed me in this.  I will do it myself.”  And with that, he left an unhappy sister behind as he went to try to save those that he had come to view as friends.
He dragged himself to his feet and reached for the broom to sweep up the remains of the bag, wishing his other mistakes were as easy to fix.
He shouldn’t have been surprised; Tony was the person to first tell him about this exhibition, after all.  But when he had learned just how difficult it was to get an invitation, he had thought himself safe from the man.  Tony was nothing more than a trickster, a confidence man.  Steven wondered how he had gotten in, and who he had conned now.
"Of course you will join us," Loki said.  "Thor's Father will be in his glories.  The entire museum staff is acting as if they uncovered the answers of the ages."
Hogun turned away after a quick look and made his way back towards the center of the ship, where they would hopefully find their comrades.  Steven and Thor were not as light on their feet, but they managed to follow him with little effort or noise.  The ‘walls’ around them were not much more than frames with sturdy canvas; Steven supposed a method that tried to offset the weight of the crates below.  It meant that they had to be very quiet, but it also meant that they would be able to hear any conversations, and hopefully hear Loki complaining to his captors.
“How much of this is trying to make things right with him?” T’Challa asked, not unkindly.  He sat down next to Steve, close enough that their shoulders bumped.
Tony nodded. “During one of my escapes from the carnival. Stane would let me take time off, now and again, to do some serious engineering, for the show as well as to sell. I designed her and did quite a bit of the construction myself. Jarvis finished her off when I had to return to the carnival.”
"Ah well," Lady Oxford said.  "You may be safer staying away.  Bolton and his cronies can be ruthless players, and they only play for high stakes."
“Natasha could be sitting next to us right now, and we’d never know it,” Steve said, with a humorless chuckle.  “She can look after herself.”
Rogers stood up abruptly, sending the chair flying.  “How can they blame him for that?  Dammit!  That was not supposed to happen!”  Vision thought the anger, at least, was real.  He remembered that look of righteous indignation.  Vision observed the elevated pulse and blood pressure, indications of true emotion.
Thor surged forward, yelling for his friend and brandishing a candelabra from the table.  Lion Mask raised his gun and fired, and Steven saw his friend stagger back.  He shook off Tony’s hands and raced toward the Great Court, arriving just as Lion Mask and his men were hoisted from the ground and up to the ship, along with Loki.
Steven filled his days with trips and outings with the two men.  Loki procured tickets to several lectures and demonstrations, all very edifying and only slightly sensationalistic.  Thor balanced things out with showing Steven and Bucky more earthly diversions such as horse races and boxing exhibitions.  He and Bucky were becoming fast friends as much as Steven and Loki.  Loki even invited Steven back to his own library to see his collections.
The last of the men descended from the airship.  While most of the armed men were undisguised, the last of the men, obviously their leader, wore a lion-shaped mask like one would see at a fancy dress ball.  He ordered several of the men to follow him as he made his way towards the exhibition rooms.
“No, Natasha.  If you and Samson want to go talk to him, I don’t like it but I won’t stop you.  But you have to tell him the truth,” Steve said, eyes watering.  “I can’t lie to him again.”
“Pathetic,” she growled.  “Even that Russian would be better suited than these.”  Ever since their run-in in Berlin, Shuri had held a bit of a grudge against Agent Romanov, much to T’Challa’s amusement.
T’Challa’s people had tried to help, but the conditioning that remained in Bucky’s brain was beyond their level of expertise.  Natasha was calling in favors left and right, but she was running into nothing but dead ends.  Apparently the last of the hydra goons involved in Bucky’s programming had been found dead in a little house in Cleveland, most likely a victim of Zemo’s plots.  And while there were plenty of mental health professionals who dealt with PTSD and trauma, Bucky’s case was a little more advanced than those.
One does not ordinarily realize a lifelong dream at the tender age of twenty three.  But Steven Grant Rogers was no ordinary young man.  His father, God rest his soul, had called him a dreamer and had despaired Steven ever settling down into the family business.  His small group of friends did not understand his fascination with art and history, and teased him for burying his head in paintings and dusty old tomes and papers until the ink was dyed into his fingertips.  The young ladies of his acquaintance sighed at his height, his strong muscles, and his prospects, but they despaired of ever turning his head.
The Captain was just as different, but people saw it as a comforting difference.  He was old-timey and warm.  Vision, and by extension Mr. Stark, was the unknown.  The bleeding edge.  He was progress that always demanded sacrifice.  He was uncomfortable.  He was unpredictable.  He was the wild pioneer spirit that would strike out in search of something new and better.  He was the man who strapped on an untested hunk of metal and tech and went flying.  People like Mr. Stark were never understood in their time, and only truly appreciated when looked at in historical context.  The world would never see Tony Stark as he truly was until he was long gone, when they didn’t fear him anymore.  And when it was too late for him to feel their appreciation.
“That’s okay, Tones,” Rhodey said, clapping a hand on Tony’s shoulder.  “I don’t like hanging out with the riff raff anyways.”
Steven tried to surge forward, to go to his friend, but strong hands pulled him back into the exhibit.
Hogun stroked his beard, deep in thought. “I might be able to help track the airship in question. Can you give me a better description.”
"It is official now," Loki said, throwing an arm around Steven's shoulders.  "You're part of the family.  That means you have to go with us to the exhibition."
There were echoes of agreement with Captain Danvers all through the thread.  The general consensus was that Captain Rogers, while an admirable man, was hopelessly naive about the world, and was clinging to an outdated paradigm about the sharing of power amongst the nations of the world.
“Now, here,” Samson continued, shaking it off and zooming in, “along the edge of the cerebral cortex on both sides, is the hippocampus.  The hippocampus is vital for the formation of short-term memories, and in taking those short-term memories and creating long-term memories.  Easiest example is that if you look at the brains of patients with Alzheimer's, you’ll note that there is early and significant damage to the hippocampus.  The tissue damage makes it impossible for them to form new short-term memories, and prevents them from accessing the long-term memories as well.”
As the days had stretched on in Wakanda, it was amazing the kind of perspective that they had all gained.  Sam had shown him the posts he’d found with normal people voicing their fears of the Avengers.  And while Clint still disagreed with the Accords as written, it was starting to sink in that no group of individuals could act without the consent of the people they were trying to protect.  They wanted to be heroes, not tyrants, benevolent or not.
Tony set his tablet down on the breakfast table.  He had spent all night going over government contracts, and he was ready to stab his eyes out with a spork.  The leaps he had made in medical tech from his work on Rhodey’s new exoskeleton would do wonders for returning vets and others who found themselves in those circumstances.  His main focus was to keep the costs low enough that insurance would cover them, but really, in the end, he’d eat the costs himself if it helped wounded soldiers and kids.
“I agree with Colonel Rhodes,” Vision said, surveying the room.  U.N. security forces did not do much good in Vienna.  What makes you think this will be any better?”
"My Thor speaks highly of you, Mr. Rogers," Lady Frigga said.  "He says that you have an artist's eye and a good heart."
Steven saw Mr. Borson and Lady Frigga stiffen slightly.  Thor and Loki looked as if they were ready to leap over and throttle the woman.
For some reason Loki was represented as well. "Huh. Loki’s face on a pair of green thermal underwear. Must be the frost giant thing?" Tony mused.
“There was, of course, dissent on the side of the Avengers.  There were those who refused to compromise, out of a sense of loyalty or naivete.  Some of my former team mates were just too pig-headed and distrustful to even hear me out.  But I do not regret speaking out for accountability.  The subsequent events merely showed me who and what was worth my time and efforts.”
Barton had him backed up against the ramp before he had time to react.  “What do you know?” he asked.  “What have you done?”
“Here is a normal human brain.  Or, relatively normal.  I used Mr. Lang,” Samson said, spinning the brain around.  Sam and Clint chuckled while Scott looked offended.  Samson looked up.  “Oh, I meant, uh, not knowing how his suit and the Pym particles might have affected his brain function and chemistry.”  He blushed.
“Just a moment,” the man said.  “I am quite aware of Tony’s past and his circumstances.  More so, I believe, than you.  So do not bother yourself on my account, and leave us be.”
The peace was interrupted by the doors to the cell antechamber sliding open.  King T’Challa walked in, without his normal retinue.  Captain Rogers stood, walking to the reinforced glass wall that separated them.
The man dropped the hookah mouthpiece into his lap.  He dipped his left hand into a small pouch at his waist while his right hand offered a packet of coins to Rahul.  "This should cover your payment plus the refreshments," he said, with a grim smile.  "I must be off to book passage and tie up loose ends here."  He picked up the mouthpiece with his left hand and gave it to Rahul.  "Enjoy."
"Good, because I also have something to ask of you. I'm out there too, somewhere. I crashed the plane into a field of arctic ice that shifts around all the time, but I'm out there. I need you to find me; Bucky's going to need me."
Tony smiles, easing his eyes open to savor in the moment, early morning light filtering through the thin curtains, basking Steve in a warm glow that made him look simply heavenly. Lush blond lashes still fluttered over his pink cheeks, the innocence of sleep not yet gone from his face. Maybe innocence wasn't the right word though, because Tony could see the evidence of last night staining his neck and shoulders. Tony was sure he looked the same, if not worse. They would both be opting for collared shirts today.
What was he even going to say? It was going to have to be good, and he was going to have to figure it out quick because he was still moving towards Tony and Tony was still watching him with that heavy gaze. Yeah, this was going to go either really well, or really poorly, but damnit, he was going to try. He genuinely liked Tony, and then there was the bonus that he was gorgeous and also really smart and apparently obscenely rich.
"Thanks." Bucky stands up, pulling at his jacket. "Okay. I got this." He sets off then, straight towards Sam.
"No!" Steve interrupts before the idiot train can get any further. "You're both mine, and that's final."
"I mean.. I'm not really sure. I was getting his homework out of his bag for him, and I found an um.. a bracelet, and he screamed at me about snooping, took his bag and left." Tony slumps into Steve's chest, burying his face in the blanket. "It's all my fault."
In four days, Steve and Nat would be gone, on a flight to Siberia. But that was four days from now. It felt like a death sentence in a way, but it was one he had signed up for willingly. Still, he may as well live it up while he still can. "Yeah, that would be nice."
Steve can't help but let out a laugh. "Clearly my 40's sensibility's coulda handled it." She pops both opens and pours one into the other. He watches her doing this, a confused silence falling over his face. "What.."
"It's alright. I'm just.. glad you did." The longer he looked at her, the more he could tell that she had been crying, just not sense applying her makeup. The look on her face was the same one he had seen that morning in the mirror.
"We're just having a friendly conversation," Pepper says, fixing him with a look that somehow manages to quiet him down. "Right Steve?" She fixes him with the same look.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Tony replies easily, squeezing his hand. It's that moment that Sam notices them sitting there, which Steve can tell by the way his eyes fly open and he says something hurriedly to Bucky. "Well I'm glad at lease someone recognizes me," Tony jokes, sitting up and pulling Steve to his feet.
Tony pats his back. "Any time Cap." He doesn't seem exactly uncomfortable with the hug, but Steve didn't even know what he had expected. Tony wasn't very tactile. Really it was almost remarkable he had even gotten a hug. Steve draws back, to find Tony staring at him contemplatively. "If you want, we don't even have to call reporters together. I could just put a little video on the Avengers socials and call it game. I know you get weird about talking to them."
"Bye Tony," Steve says, tracking him with his eyes until he's gone with a funny little smile. "What do you want, Nat."
"Exactly. So I um.. I kinda had a massive crush on you, but I thought you were engaged, but you're actually not, so I guess that it's not a terrible thing that I have a crush on you." Someone stop him. Someone punch him in the face. "I mean I guess if you don't want me to have a crush on you still, we can just forget this ever happened, but you didn't seem opposed to it when we kissed, so maybe I was thinking that—"
Tony shrugs with a smile. "I don't know, his phone is connected to my servers, so it's possible. I mean, I'm sure I could stop him now that I know it's something he can do."
Steve rolls his eyes, pitting his phone back in his pocket. "If you're done, table 3 left," Sam says, not being having to look up from where he was sifting flour into a batter.
"Eerrrrhh!" Tony shouts over him, imitating a buzzer on one of the game shows Clint enjoyed leaving playing when he wasn't even in the tower. "Wrong. You didn't mislead anyone Steve. If anything, we were wrong to assume. You deserved the chance to come out in your own time, and I'm so fucking mad that you had that taken away from you." Steve mostly manages to silence the part of him that protests to the swearing. "Point is, I'm not mad at you. If anyone else even says anything, I'll beat their asses. Even Thor. Maybe not Banner though, the Hulk is very big. Besides, Banner is chill. He won't... that's beside the point. Anyways. Not mad. At you."
"It is good, you're right." He puts a hand over his mouth, looking out of the side of his eye directly at Gideon Malik. He was laughing with a woman with bright strawberry blonde hair with her back turned to them. "What do you say we go say hi to a few old friends, dear?"
Natasha lets out an actual genuine laugh. "No, no, not like that. We're just.. really good friends."
"Nothin. She just wouldn't like it." After that he had only gotten into fights with people who really deserved it.
"Yeah." The old pot had broken a few weeks ago, and Wanda was the only one of them who ever used the thing. Pietro didn't like the taste, and Steve usually preferred to sleep. Not today though. Today, he would settle for chemicals. "Want me to brew you a cup."
"My name is Daniel Whitehall. I believe you have something for me." He is commanding, and Steve gets the feeling that he's the center of every room he enters. This is a powerful man, one who could have Steve dead in hours, yet he was playing a game here, a rather dangerous one.
"Oh I didn't know you were.. um.. gay.." she presses her lips together then the bright cheery smile returns to her face.
Unfortunately, Tony is an asshole because then he just takes another sip of wine and grins at him mischievously. "Have you looked in a mirror lately?" Steve counters, trying not to let that bit of not at all subtle tempting get to him.
Was Tony a cheater? It was almost a comforting thought, that he wasn't the only terrible person tonight. Did that mean that he had a moral obligation to tell Pepper that her husband to be was kissing other men? Oh, but how the hell would he explain that? Hi, I kissed your fiancé, but he kissed me back and I think he's cheating on you. Doesn't exactly sound like a good excuse.
"Language, Captain Rogers. I must say, I did not expect to meet again," the red skull says, with an almost happy look on his deformed face.
"Certainly, sir." The robot in the ceiling had taken a while to get used to, but with useful features like that, what wasn't to love? The lights dim before going black, basking them in a darkness, broken by the streetlights down far below.
Steve grins back at Tony, seeing Steve and Bucky turn back towards each other  out of the side of his vision. "I'm glad you like them, really. They're family."
Steve gets out too, closing it in time with Tony. Luckily, Bucky isn't exactly hard to find. He's leaned up against a tree, sitting in the dewy grass with his head buried in his knees. "Can you give me one second Tony?" Steve asks, squeezing his hand, walking backwards to where Bucky is.
Every ounce of anger slips away from him when he watches Tony step out of the car, parked in front of Avengers tower. Then Tony turns and helps Bucky out of the car, and Steve's heart stops. Bucky looks up at Steve, then back to Tony as if seeking comfort. Tony had been in Alaska for two weeks with Bucky, apparently... becoming friends. Or at least something close to it. Tony looks up at Steve, his eyes softening. Tony says something to Bucky, and they start walking, drawing closer to where Steve, Clint, Nat, and Sam were standing with every step. Tony slings his arm around Bucky's shoulder, and Bucky looks up at him, cheeks flushing just a bit. "Alright, Buckaroo," Tony says, finally close enough to hear. "That's Nat, that's Clint, and that's Sam. They don't bite. I mean, Clint might." Clint scoffs.
Tony presses his finger tips to his lips and makes an extravagant kissing motion. "Perfect, Cap. It's perfect. I'll upload it to the socials now, so.. we should have our public response in a few minutes."
Steve looks away, still frowning. He bites into his own spaghetti, not exactly sure what to say. What a day, what a day. Tony's gay, Steve's gay, woohoo. Parties all around. He looks back up at the TV to see a picture of him edited with hearts over his eyes accompanied with a tweet that just says "Captain America looking at his mans." Another flashes on the screen zoomed in to reveal part of Tony's reflection in the window behind him, the text saying "askshhsjshdh Tony was filming it! I'm" Then one that's just text, proclaiming "so is it safe to say i ship them yet?"
Huh. That was a pretty weird reaction. Unless Tony told this guy that Steve kissed him and he was like.. black listed. No no, that's not important right now. Steve would do his job, and that was it. He gets out of the car and goes back around to the trunk, opening it to find the disassembled cake along with the support structure and the topper, which was two swans. It was unusual for them to not know what either the bride or groom looked like, but this was a fine solution, especially because there had been no specifications made.
"You're serious?" Steve leans his head into Tony's shoulder, pulling him closer. "No wonder. Have I told you how much you amaze me recently?"
At any rate, he was solidly alone here, and moderately bored. He knew he could ask JARVIS about whatever he wanted, but talking to the ceiling robot still felt strange. Even if it was for a movie or book recommendation. Steve leans over the coffee machine, setting it up to brew some hot water instead. This was perhaps the best part about the future. The food. There was nothing nicer than a quick meal or drink, especially if you asked Steve's metabolism.
Four days later they're on a plane to Siberia into the belly of the beast that has haunted Steve's dreams for the past eighty years, but they're going together, so there's a chance that it won't be so bad.
She nods, walking past him into the house, shocked into silence for what Steve guessed was the first time ever. Daniel stops on his way past Steve, waiting for him to close the door. "I don't know if you are who you say you are, but I don't want any funny business. She's moved on." He holds himself in a commanding way, despite the crutch he was using to hold himself up. He was exactly the kind of guy Peggy deserved. Steve smiles, despite the almost-threat in his words.
Tony shakes his head. "No she... I don't think she meant anything bad. She um.. she wanted to ask Bucky if he was really sure about the marriage.. which is bullshit, but whatever. She um.. told me I corrupted you in the eyes of god.. also bullshit." Steves lip curls at that idea. "Then she... she told me her son was self identifying as gay." He blinks. "She asked me why I was gay and what she did wrong so... I don't know. Then I sent her home with my phone number in case her son wanted to talk about science or.. well, being gay, but she doesn't need to know that."
"I hope families are reunited." Steve can almost feel the sorrow radiating off of Pepper with those words. Tony had reunited millions of families, and torn his own to shreds.
"When I heard that Captain America and Black Widow were at my gala, I must say, I didn't quite believe it. What gives? Are we gettin the band back together?" Stark's voice interrupts him, and they both turn, Natashas face lighting up with a smile.
Steve smiles sorely, feeling Tony's hand close around the sheets over him. "He was my best friend. I know they made him do bad things... Nat's combing through it all now. Still I can't... I can't just let him go."
"Can't get rid of me that easy, Punk," Bucky says, returning the hug with full force despite his feigned nonchalance. Steve smiles at the two of them, the moment a stark contrast from his own reunion with Bucky.
"We can't," Nat says quickly, butting in before Steve can say... well, whatever he had been going to say. "We're going undercover in a few days."
"Russia, originally. We're here on visas working with the government." Steve answers cooly, folding his hands in front of him.
Steve pats his back gently. "Course you do. Come on now jerk, it's time for you to get married. Well, in twenty minutes. Your makeup looks good."
"Ok." Peter lets out a low breath. "Ok." He holds his wrist up, supposedly revealing the bracelet he had hidden so adamantly before. "It's a present. From um.. from my boyfriend. His name is Wade. He's a year older, but he got held back so we're in the same grade. We've been going out for a couple months now." He keeps his eyes firmly on the floor, terrified of what he would see if he looked up. "Please don't be mad."
Nat leans down to grab her knife off the couch, tucking it away into a fold in her sleeve in such a way that if he weren't focused on the movement, it would look like it just disappeared. "This stays between us, Stark. I know that you're going to research the stones, but you can't publish any findings until we're gone. Preferably not ever," she says, freezing him in place with a glare.
At the time he had never imagined that Tony would be leaving with him. With anyone other than his wife. That's just how the cards are dealt though. They make the drive back in mostly silence, listening to the radio, but Tony keeps his hand in Steve's the whole ride back to Sam's. Steve parks it and climbs out, locking it behind them. He had already agreed with Sam to keep the keys until they saw each other again. "I only have the one helmet, so you're going to wear it," Steve says, swinging his leg over the seat and offering Tony the helmet that had been left on the handlebar.
Maria tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, carefully holding Tony in her arms. "So you're really Captain America?" She asks, rocking him back and forth a bit.
"That doesn't sound right." Tony chuckles. "I'll help you find him. I get it. As long as you make him promise not to touch your butt."
"That's true." Sam goes around back then, grabbing a tray of pastry and coming back out, licking his lips as Steve flips chairs off of tables. "You're the closest thing Bucky has to family," Sam says suddenly, drawing Steve's attention wholly.
Later, Tony tells him that he felt like a piece of him had died when he watched Steve's body hit the water from where he was completely out of commission on the helicopter. "I begged Fury to... take us to the water," he whispers from where he lays, curled on Steve's chest in the hospital bed. "I would've searched until I brought you home, armor or no."
"Hey Steve. Um.. hi Tony?" Sam says awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck with his unoccupied hand.
The man raises his glasses to rest against his head, pushing his dark hair away from his face to reveal dark brown eyes. "I was wondering how much your special event cakes cost," he says cooly, an easy smile on his face despite the roaring waves in Steve's gut.
"You need to get cleaned up." Evident by the blood smearing her lips and hands. "Congratulations, dear, they like you."
He nods mutely, his jaw clenched so right it must be painful. Tony glances at his shoulder, the armor dented in a perfect cast of Steve's fingers. Boy was he glad for his armor. "Steve." Tony flicks his wrist, the armor retracting from his hand so he can cup Steve's cheek, his fingers bumping against the cowl. "I got you." His pained blue eyes meet Tony's, and damn if he didn't look like he was on deaths doorstep. "There's some food back at the wreck. Okay? We'll head back, you can eat something, it's gonna be ok." He hopes—desperately, might he add—that Steve believes that, because his heart could not handle if Steve kept looking at him like that.
"Oh, no we wouldn't want to impose." She flashes him a blinding smile. Steve still has a half a thought to ask for separate rooms, but quickly squashed that. Whatever Nat is playing at, he's sure she has her reasons. Besides, if it gets awkward, he can always sleep on the couch; it looks comfortable enough.
"Oh of course. You know, strawberry creme is my favorite." Steve smiles, grateful for the release from their scrutiny.
"I couldn't think of anything else," Steve defends. "To be fair, it was nice cat litter and she always complained about hers."
"Not lost," Frigga adds. "Banished, hidden away on purpose. Only a select few know the whereabouts of the mind stone when it was deemed too powerful and volatile to remain in use."
"You guys must have a group chat to gossip about me," Steve grumbles, moving behind the counter and grabbing a fresh apron off the rack behind him. "Not great. She was nice, but not really.. my type." Brown eyes behind red sunglasses flash through his mind and Steve feels heaviness in his chest.
He sighs, a small smile on his face as he looks down. "That's a long story. Basically, they found me in 2011. In 2023, your son invented time travel so we could save the universe. Now I'm here to return what we borrowed from time. The blue stone used to be the teseract, it's for you."
"That title died with my father, Thor," Mr. Borson said.  "I have no need of it.  I have my family and that is all I need."  His wife smiled and took his hand in hers.
“I really don’t like her,” Steve said, glaring at the television.  The former Avengers sprawled across the media room in the apartments that T’Challa had provided.
“But that’s not how this game goes, is it?  So no, I don’t want your flash drive.  I imagine it contains information that one of T’Challa’s Dora Milaje is behind this?  And that Ross in involved?  Because guess what, I already figured that out,” Tony sneered.  “You are bringing nothing to the table but upset to people in this house.”
“We will need to disable the ship, just in case they try to leave,” Tony said. “I don’t want to be caught in the air on that thing with no way off if they take off while we’re nosing around.”
“Excuse me,” Steven said.  The three men looked over at him.  “Would it be possible to do a quick sketch of the back?  Since it is already out of the case.”
“Indeed,” Thor said.  “We have been close since we were in school.  We were both miserable there, both outcasts.  We found comfort in each other.”
“That the man was a confidence artist,” Thor said, with a shrug.  “And not worthy of your time.  Don’t let him ruin your evening.  As soon as Loki is done with his tablets and scrolls, we can leave.”
“Rhodey, relax,” Tony said, adjusting his cuffs.  “The security here is almost passable.  I’ll be fine.”
Tony found the tablets in question in the corner of one of the smaller rooms.  Mr. Banner took out his pencil and notebook and began to sketch the carved stone.  The two colleagues were discussing a particularly ambiguous translation when Tony heard raised voices behind him.  He turned and for one moment, he couldn't keep the joy from his heart.
*ducks behind the sofa*  Sorry for the absence.  Life has been pretty tumultuous, and I'm just now starting to see a resolution.  Not necessarily the resolution I wanted, but a resolution nonetheless.  I will try to post a little more regularly, so thank you in advance for your patience.
“You should sleep,” Tony said, leaning against the wall. “We won’t be there for at least ten hours, and who knows when we’ll get to rest after that.”
“I suppose I could manage a quick sketch or two,” Steven said, avoiding the question.  “Were the two men still in there when you left?”
"Enough, Barton. And as for the rest of you, have you broken our super soldier?” came the calm voice of Agent Coulson.
The others filed out, leaving Tony and Steve alone. Tony reached over and gave Steve a comforting pat on the back. "Buck up, Cap," he said. "If it makes you feel better, tell yourself that it's nothing more than grownup Underoos. It makes people feel more confident knowing you're there under their jeans and such. I had a pair of Batman Underoos when I was growing up, and look at me now! Dashing, rich, and using my brain to fight bad guys. Just like Batman!"
“Are you sure there was no explanation for his actions that would put your mind at ease?” Thor asked.  “Not to argue, but if it came down to putting food on your family’s table, many people would ignore their high-minded principles.”
Thank you all for the warm reception!  I have to admit, the comments and kudos make me want to keep writing.
He was surprised at the amount of normal, law-abiding citizens who came out in support of the Accords, though.  These were people who, while they appreciated that the Avengers would protect them when the aliens attacked or the murder-bot tried to end the world, were still a little hesitant to just sit back and nod their heads at every choice the Avengers made.
“I do.  And I owe him,” Tony said.  “When I asked him to trust me when we were creating Vision, he could have walked away.  Hell, any of the others would have walked away.  But he trusted me to get it right.  He placed his faith in me, and he hasn’t given me any reason to regret it.  He deserves the same from me.”
“He has worked so hard, both of them have, to do good.  I think he’s finally realized that it doesn’t mean he has to do it alone,” Tony said, shrugging.
He had to step into an alcove only once, when he heard a couple of crewmen climbing up the ladder he needed to go down. He managed to stay perfectly still and in shadow until they passed. He waited until their voices faded before he quickly climbed down the wooden ladder.
Sorry that it's been so long.  It's not abandoned by any means.  I've just been swamped and have had a hard time concentrating.  So here are two chapters as thanks for your patience :)
At this, she finally flinched, though most would not have been able to perceive it.  “Of course, my king,” she said.  “But what do you mean upon your return?”
I just want to say, nobody in this fic, with the exception of Thunderbolt Ross, is irredeemable.  Do they have a lot to learn?  Yes.  But I believe that with enough work, nothing is broken that cannot be fixed.  I mean, you have the ultimate mechanic on the case, right?
Loki stopped in front of a series of beds.  He took a pair of garden shears from a bench and knelt down.  He clipped off blooms from a hydrangea bush, and then snipped a handful of purple irises.
"But I could not afford to fly her," Tony said, with a wistful smile.  "No, she deserves to be with someone who can keep her up.  But I thank you for the offer," he added.
The airfield was mostly empty. The ship they had followed sat apart from the three other ships that were berthed there. While crews scuttled about around the other ships, the ship in question was mostly quiet. There were several piles of crates near the gondola, but they would provide very little cover. Luckily, they had planned their incursion after the sun set and before the moon rose. The gondola itself threw off a very little light, just enough that they could see where they were going.
“I have contacts here as well,” Jarvis said. “If you will excuse me, I will see what I can find out.”
The king grimaced.  “Not since he sent my emissary back,” he said.  “Apparently, the information I wanted to pass along was not as earth-shattering as we had supposed.”
Hogun and Fandral split them into two search teams; Hogun took Steven and Thor and Fandral took Bucky and Phillip.  They split at the main junction, with Steve’s group going left and Bucky’s going right.  They searched between the rows, even tapping on some of the boxes that would be large enough to hold a full-grown man.   At the end of the main pathway, a set of stairs led up to what were presumably the quarters and bridge.  Hogun crept up the steps, peering into the dimly lit space, wary of any dangers.
Tony’s shoulders hunched in defeat.  “I do hope you may someday give the chance to explain,” he said, quietly.  “But no.  More along the lines of weaponry.”
That being said, none of the fixes will be quick.  And some of them might not be resolved in the spaces here.  But I think there will be enough of a resolution to let me (and hopefully you) rest easy.
“We hoped that he was with you,” Phillip said, eyeing the now-burning wreckage of the airship.  “Is it possible that he escaped before us?”
He informed Obadiah that he needed to be off for the Friday evening shows, to complete some research for a new machine.  While Obie complained and did his best to make Tony feel guilty, he acquiesced in the end.  Tony spent Friday afternoon showing Owen how to run the machine, even going so far as to show him how to make basic repairs.  It wasn't much, but it would probably keep the machine in use for months to come.
“I had hoped, in the beginning, to bring all sides to the table.  The original Accords were merely meant to be a springboard for the final document.  On our side, after the events in Sokovia, Johannesburg, and Lagos, I felt the Avengers needed time and the aegis of the Accords to rebuild the public’s trust in us, as opposed to continuing to act as we saw fit with no regards to the opinions of others.  From the side of the member nations, I hoped that you would take the opportunity to get to know the Avengers, and judge for yourself if we were to be allowed leeway in making decisions.  I viewed the Accords much like a teenager views a learner’s permit to drive--once we had proven ourselves worthy of your trust again, we would be able to function with minimal oversight.”
Steven looked away and noticed Baron Hammer smirking at him.  Loki looked ready to commit murder, and Lady Frigga's nostril flared a tiny bit, which Steven took as support for him.
They had almost escaped relatively unscathed when two of the armed men appeared at the back, behind the table where Thor and Loki were huddling.  The men grabbed Loki by the shoulders and pushed him towards the platform.  When he struggled, one of the men gave him the same treatment as Bucky, and they had to drag his unconscious form.
They left the cart out of sight and crept towards the ship. Hogun and Fandral took point, and soon enough the two guards watching the entrance to the gondola were in crumpled heaps. They all quickly and quietly entered, and once they reached the inside, Tony nodded and headed towards the engine room, while the others headed to the cargo area.
“What you’re telling me is that even without the Avengers, the proper authorities managed to do their job with no loss of life,” T’Challa said, no small amount of snark in his voice.  “It’s almost as if there are competent people who aren’t superheroes.”
“Steve, you can’t keep going on like this,” Natasha said.  She scooted her chair closer to him and took his hand.  “You drift around here and I can’t tell if you’re mourning Bucky or Stark.  It’s eating you alive and it’s killing us to see it.  You deserve some peace of mind too.”
Thor’s father had been invited because his father had left a legacy to the museum, which insured that his heirs would always have access to the collections.  Unfortunately, he had stayed at home that evening with a chill.  Thor, to Loki’s glee and Steven’s mortification, had asked Bucky to accompany them in his father’s stead.  He had left them as soon as they entered, intent on young ladies and free food.
"Of course," Steve says, taking his hand and walking with him. Tony doesn't say another word, but his hands are rather clammy, so Steve understands that really he should just follow. Tony leads him out a side exit onto a small patio area with tables and chairs set up in a comfortable way. "What's wrong?"
"Look Becca, I'm not sure it's such a good idea for you to talk to Bucky today. This is supposed to be his happy day and all," Steve says before Tony can retaliate.
"M cold." To see the great Captain America reduced to two word sentences isn't a sight Tony would have ever wanted to see.
"No. No!" The Red Skull lunges towards him, but Steve raises a hand, and the Skull is gone, a flurry of red and black there, then gone, absorbed into the soul stone. His skin crackles with power. In this moment, he could do anything. Bring down civilizations with a swift movement, or.. was that?
"She'll be fine. The question, is who are you?" Howard twirls on him, flipping up a pair of goggles. He was much less handsome then he had been, but he supposes that thats what happens with time.
"Nice meeting you, Adam." Steve says, nodding respectfully. Once he's gone, Steve slides to the newly vacated bench, fiddling with his hands. Nat slips the all-important napkin into her purse, leaning across the table with her head on one hand. "Ivan, моя любовь (my love), how are you doing." She takes his hand, subtly tapping out a message on his palm in Morse code.
Not coherent, but certainly understandable. Steve sweeps Tony up into his arms, holding him close. Shaky hands grip at his suit jacket. "It's ok. It's ok. I've got you."
"I mean you can call me Dr. Stark if it makes you feel better. I do have the PhDs to warrant it," Tony jokes, "but you're welcome. This... it is my favorite part of the job." Making people's lives better. That's what it's all about for Tony. It's not like he needs to do this. He could sell all his assets and still be able to live comfortably for another three thousand years. Even with his sizable donations to multiple charities yearly, he wouldn't have to work a day in his life. The thing is, that he wants to. He enjoys what he does, and this is why.
Peggy inhales sharply. "I'm sorry, that's very interesting, but how did you live until 2023? You died. I was there."
Tony cups his jaw with one hand, the other undoing his pants with skilled ease. "So eager for it. Tell me Stevie, do you need more? Am I not doing enough for you."
"No no. Strange, do something." He looks away at Stephen, who opens his mouth in an empty motion. "Do something! We're the Avengers!" His hand grasps at Tony's shakily. Nobody says anything. The burns are too bad. Tony knows that. He knew he was going to die from the moment he set them in the gauntlet. "You're the Avengers..." Steve whispers, something in his eyes breaking. He takes in a shaky breath, and looks down at the ark reactor, and then further down to the stones.
But Tony had to be wrong... he had to be. He was letting his emotions cloud his judgement. He had been ready to welcome Bucky back with open arms just last night. Steve was right. He was making the right call. He knew Bucky. He knows Bucky.
So Steve decides to leave without a goodbye, it was impossible to get a word in edgewise when they were tinkering together. As far as Steve was sure, they never ran a shift without the other, which was incredibly kind of Fury.
Steve grins like a devil, plastering himself to Tony's back in the mirror. "I'm your mess though." Tony chuckles softly, turning to face Steve and rubbing the spit and tears away from his cheeks, chin, and even chest. "I wasn't kidding when I said you're all I need Tony." His eyes twinkle, leaning into Tony's touch.
"Good." He grabs a napkin, scrawling a number on it with a pen he produces from a pocket. "That's his number, he'll be in contact." He quickly finishes the rest of his coffee, before sliding out of the booth. "Nice meeting you."
"Tony was a real jackass back then. We met once in '03. I was 19, fresh out of the red room. I was there to take out some guy feeding information to a rival organization. Ran into him instead, he was absolutely off his rocker drunk, and adamant about getting me in bed. I left him knocked out in a men's restroom and took out the man I had been sent there for." She has her arms crossed over her chest, and a near wistful look on her face. Steve can't help but be held captive by the tale about two people he knows better then anyone else, yet both so opposite from how he knows them. It was also one of the only times he had heard a shred of a story from one of her KGB missions. "I'm just glad he didn't recognize me in '10, that woulda been a hell of a thing to explain."
"Don't go anywhere, ok. Just breathe Buck. I'm going to come get you." Tony takes the cue and waves down the waiter, handing him the bill and card with the instructions to hurry the hell up.
"It's true. And by the way, he loves you. A lot. He's not like that." Tony pops the bagel in half and sticks it in the toaster, leaning tiredly against the counter. She was nice. The two of them were good together, and Tony wouldn't be opposed to attending their wedding one day.
"It's okay, it's not hard, you just have to support the head." She steps closer to him, offering her newborn son to Steve. He takes Tony awkwardly, supporting his tiny head with a hand that looks too big to be doing something so gentle. Maria looks up at Steve once he has Tony situated to her liking. "Do you know him? In the future, I mean."
"Which means we should probably go out again sometime before then." Steve says, following suit on his way to the kitchen.
"—but we'll go," he makes sure to layer on his fake Russian accent, almost positive that that is why they were being kicked out. 70's America wasn't exactly the most receptive to Russians.
Instead, Tony swooped the kid up, fostering the very depressed young Peter Parker and paying off every cent of his debt. The decision had taken months to fully register for Tony, and for that time he had stuck Peter in the corner of whatever room he was in and ignored him. He wasn't really fit to be a dad, he was just keeping him off the streets. Of course, that all changed when he walked in one night on Peter sobbing on his bed. That was all it took to turn Tony into an actual father. He got Peter therapy and eventually got the kid to open up. That was around the same time that a 12 year old Victor was dropped off with Bruce, who apparently had a kid, to Tony's eternal amusement. Peter attached to Victor in a way that nobody had been expecting, least of all moody and spiteful Victor. Bruce and Victor moved in with Peter and Tony in the tower then, and for a while they were one big happy family. Victor opened up too with Bruce and Tony, and he and Pete were practically brothers now. Of course now, Vic was an adult and Peter was close to following after him. Both boys were of genius level intellect, so hardly a day went by when at least one of them wasn't in the lab doing something. Right now, both of them were in Tony's will as equal benefactors to the Stark Empire given that he had no biological family of his own.
"Don't jinx it, moron." She leans her head on his shoulder, her eyes fluttering shut. "Not that I'm not having fun, but I'm looking forward to returning to the proper timeline." That made sense. She had only came on this journey for him, and even he could register the improvement to his overall mental health issues. He still didn't really want to go back, but he could. He could once all this was over.
Steve holds up the recently collected plastic bag containing one reality stone. "That's the one. We had to borrow it, but you can have it back now."
The door creaks open slowly, Peter's hand over his eyes. "I want you to know I'm not to old for childhood trauma."
They say your life flashes before your eyes in the moments before your death. Tony would argue that that's not exactly true. All he could see was clarity. Everything he had ever done, every choice he had ever made was all leading up to this moment, this sacrifice. Him and Steve had never had it easy. It had never been easy, but Tony had never been happier to be loved by someone ever, because that was all it took to save Steve's life. No matter what, Steve would be able to walk away from here, alive and with the stone. They could save Earth, save everyone. Maybe Steve would take care of Peter. That would be nice. His rocky death grows ever closer but all he can see is Steve's blue eyes, staring at him with tears streaming down his face. If this was it, Tony was happy to die like this.
"It's almost one, Steve. If you don't need anything , I'll see you tomorrow." Jesus, how time flew when you were having fun. That expression had always seemed a bit circumstantial, but this had been the shortest four hours of his entire life
Howard and Jarvis were away in California, and Maria had left Steve and Nat to babysit while she was at a gala. The TV was on, but Tony was much more interested in the little toy circuit board Howard had gotten him. For the most part, Tony would just hit the pieces together, but once while nobody was looking he had made it light up.
They're swept into a car and rushed to New York by private plane, where they are all escorted into a private room that, if Steve had to guess, was 32 degrees Fahrenheit, given the ice crystals still frozen of his face laying in front of them. This Steve is hooked up to a machine, although Steve doesn't know what it's measuring given that he was still frozen solid. "We can begin thawing him now.. based on the tests we did on human models, I think we have a basic idea of how not to kill him."
"Tony? What are you..." He doesn't waste another second before pulling Steve down by the back of his neck into a possessive kiss. "What are you doing?" Steve asks, pulling away quickly, his eyes darting around. Vaguely he knows that the brunette had left, perhaps to go flirt with someone else's boyfriend.
"Thanks Scott. You want some pancakes?" If Tony were here, he would tell Steve not to cook in his expensive suit. His chest twists.
Tony had been pansexual and loud about it, but he had never been the mythological figurehead of the country. Maybe once Steve returns to his time he can finally come out. To honor Tony's memory.
"That's the idea. Most of what Helen gets up to nowadays is about printing tissue, but unfortunately we haven't come up with a viable workaround for such an old and massive wound."
"I can ask J to turn up the AC if you need Tony," Rhodey says, earning a stuck out tongue, because apparently Steve was dating a 2nd grader.
Either way, it would be stunning. Steve could picture a beach wedding. Although, really location didn't matter much because they had each other and that would be enough. That's just how love works, right?
"Alrighty! Now there are ways to make it look a bit more like skin, or I could leave the metal finish on. Honestly, I prefer the metal just for aesthetic purposes, but it's up to you." Tony goes back to running the simulations behind him, as Jarvis forms what he's specifying onto the holographic bust. "You shouldn't have much of a limit to your range if movement or flexibility, and we can go with any color combos you want."
Her lips part and he lets his own follow suit, feeling her tongue slip into his mouth, running along the roof of his mouth. She tastes like summer nights and cherry blossoms, and she was the most amazing thing he's ever felt. Her other hand rests on his waist, a gentle weight grounding him. If their first kiss was good, this was earth shattering. If he could freeze this feeling and hang onto it for the rest of his life, he would. All too soon, she draws back, her hair in strands framing her face perfectly. They don't move away from each other, and Steve rests their foreheads together gently. "That's not what I was expecting."
"Well... it's the soul stone, so you could try a guard?" Steve offers, shifting to throw his covers off.
Tony looks up at him, turning to take Steve's other hand in his. "If you're okay with.. well.. all this."
"Mmmh," Tony hums out his agreement. Sounded about right to his clouded mind. "On your knees soldier." Steve, apparently very eager to obey, falls to his knees with a resounding thudding noise of his knees hitting the tiles. "This is all you need. This is where you belong."
"So that's why your hair is black," she says to Steve, looking back down at Tony. "I hope you're safe."
In the first few weeks the team lived together, they are separately, all retiring to their quarters when they wanted a meal. There was always a common kitchen, but it hadn't been stocked with much other than coffee. And that continued, up until the day Steve realized he had no food in his kitchen, far after when he should've eaten. When he was too hungry, his body began shaking, something he had developed only after the serum, thank God. It was almost midnight, and he had known the only other person in the tower who was sure to be awake was Tony, working day in and day out in his lab.
The money was probably going to take a while to get used to. Tony had a driver for Christ's sake. He could hire people to clean up an expensive and massive ballroom and pay Steve fifteen grand for a cake. Yeah, it would take a while to get used to, but he was happy for that while, assuming Tony even kept him around that long. Although, given the stern talking to from Pepper abd Rhodey, he assumed that Tony did actually like him quite a bit, however he managed that. "Sounds good. You wouldn't mind riding on a motorcycle though, would you?"
For a second, Tony thinks about shutting the offer down, plain and simple. He was supposed to be making Steve a cake for his birthday. However, on the other hand, he had no fucking idea what he was doing. "I'll take you up on that, but only after we get done in the lab today."
"No. No no no." Steve stumbles forward out of the portal onto the open field of destruction. He collapses in front of Tony, grabbing for his hand. "Tony no, you can't."
"He.. um.. he ran away last night. I mean—I know where he is, I called Ned's mom to check, but he um.. he definitely left."
Steve nods, satisfied with his answer. Then the elevator opens, and Steve steps away, only to be assaulted by an explosion of confetti. "Happy birthday, Steve!" Their friends shout, the lights coming on. Steve blushes quite brilliantly, and looks around the room.
Not that that wasn't a terrible thought. Tony just really didn't want to have to face the man again.
He laughs, which is an unexpected outcome. "Oh honey, I'm paying people a lot of money to clean up for me. I'm talking a lot."
One and a half days later, Steve stands on the Stark's property, staring at the five stones, sitting arranged in a case. Under his suit, there were two letters tucked against his chest, almost heavier then the stones in front of him. Bucky and Sam were there, but Bucky wasn't meeting his eyes. They hadn't spoke since Bucky had walked out, and they probably wouldn't speak for a long time from now, the way around Steve was going. Bruce finishes saying something about not being able to bring Natasha back (Steve's hardly listening, he's too jittery). "I miss her, man."
"How so?" Bucky leans back against the table, setting his hand up on his shoulder like he was crossing his arms.
He puts the car into drive and hurries away, tires squeaking on wet asphalt. It was late and wet, so not many people were out anymore; there was hardly any traffic on his way back to Stark Tower, which he was great full due to his only half attention on the road. The other half was dedicated to squelching mental images of blue eyes and broad shoulders, fading into a look of panic and the frame of a man who was trying to shrink away forever.
He was glad that that serum gave him a higher pain tolerance than most, because Jesus, this had to hurt like shit. "I got you," he says gently, more so to himself than anything else, because he was almost positive Steve couldn't hear him over the wind.
Alarms start going off far above them, and Thor runs up behind then from a hall. "It's the prisons, can you help?" He extends a hand to them.
That seems to satisfy that line of questioning, which Tony couldn't be more grateful for. He didn't have much better answers than that. "Ok um.. who's he?" Ned says and Peter hits him in the arm.
"To be fair, you were trained for this line of work. I was trained to sell bonds." Steve counters, unbuttoning his shirt and walking into the vacated closet.
Bucky nods, with a shy look on his face. They hadn't talked much yet. At least, not much that wasn't over text. Technically this was only their third meeting. It had been a week since Bucky had texted him, saying that he would be interested in trying out some prosthetics.
"I know. Fuck. I know." Tony breathes in shakily. "I found... evidence. From the brainwashing. They've got a bunker a ways up the Potomac in an old SHIELD facility. Secret door and everything. I've got a crew I trust there now collecting it all, and I already took pictures." He rubs his eyes, looking up at Steve and forcing him to sit up straight. "He's your best friend. I can't... I can't imagine."
"My first guess was inter realm beings, but realistically, it's probably inter time beings or inter dimensional beings."
She doesn't look at him, but he can tell that her eyes light up. Of the Avengers, she was his closest confidant by far. They had spent the past five years together, trying desperately to piece themselves and the whole world back together. It nearly killed him to loose her. He knew in his heart that if it had been him on Vormir, he would have sacrificed himself in a heartbeat. She had so much to live for, and it wasn't fair for her to die. "Thank you."
However, not a moment later, her eyes narrow and she looks over at Tony. "Anthony Edward Stark, did you get me a strawberry cake for my wedding?"
"Look, it's not my fault. I was distracted by your pretty blue eyes." He bats his own up at Steve, ignoring the unimpressed look on Steve's face. "You don't have to help if you don't want to, but I'm going to go help in the kitchen."
Tony leads him to the left gently, down a row of cars. "Thanks. My cars just right up here." He adjusts his hand in Steve's and once again Steve feels sparks shoot up his arm.
After semi-effectively composing himself, Steve grabs two of the cakes, carrying them out on either hand. "So all the cakes have a simple buttercream frosting. This one is lemon poppy seed, and this one in double dark chocolate," Steve says holding up each in turn as he comes around the counter, setting both samples on the table in front of Tony. "I just need to um.. lock up the doors if you don't mind."
Other than that, it was.. good. It was nice, to have everyone gathered, and Steve's sure Tony would agree, no matter how much he isn't into his birthday.
He wraps it with the gauze, tightly, holding it stiff, before pulling the Hydra glove over his arm. Ok. That’s fine. His arm was warm, it was held stiffly in place, he was alive. Great. Now, he had to go find Steve. Before night falls, because Steve was.. well, Steve was Steve, but even he couldn't want to spend a night alone in the snow.
Why hello there. I’ve been writing this work and a spin off of this work for almost a year now, and I’m really excited to begin posting it. I hope you all will enjoy this while you’re locked in quarantine (or not, hello future readers). This is hopefully the first of many works I will be posting that take place in the universes that Steve impacts on his travels in this work, so I also implore you to look at those once I begin publishing them. I will most likely be posting every Friday, so stay tuned for more!
The gleaming black motorbike waits for him, the same as he had last left it. He mounts it, his hands wrapping tightly around the handles. Before he can think, he's racing down the road, wind whipping through his hair as he flies towards Pepper's cabin. It was a route he knew well—he had driven there often over the past five years. He just never worked up the courage to finish the drive down the driveway. The last step was a canyon, one he had jumped too late.
"All yours, baby," Tony says. Truth be told, he had no idea how to write a statement like that. Most relationships he has had for the past few years were just long term one night stands, where they were his arm candy for a few weeks. The media always assumed they were dating, and that Tony was just a jackass playboy when he was next seen with someone else, but he always knew that those relationships wouldn't last. He hadn't officially announced a relationship with Sunset either, they had just dated for almost a year and that had been it. But Steve... Steve was different. "We'll do something."
As soon as it's shut, Nat begins yanking armor off, piles of flexible metal and weapons appearing at her feet until she's left in her under suit. "I'm going to bed. I don't think my body has ever been this tired."
Steve runs his hands through Tony's hair, the brunet looking up at him from where his head was rested in Steve's lap. "I don't like it, but I don't think we can ignore it." Steve looks over at Bucky, who was looking back at him. "Sorry Buck." Bucky had always made it completely clear that he wanted no part in their public relationship, totally content to stay out of the tabloids.
Steve waves too, adjusting the straps of the shield Howard had made for him to take out of some new Vibranium he had bought from a maybe not so legal source. "Bye Tony."
He listens, partially because he doesn't really have a choice, partially because he knows that he should, and partially because he doesn't really want Nat to beat his ass. She changes quickly after he's done and shuts the lights off, slipping under the covers of the bed next to him. Gently, she takes his hand resting between them, rubbing the back of his hand with her thumb. "Do you want to talk about it."
"Rogers," Nat says from down the hall, doing a little speed walk towards him. "The cake is outside, right?"
He and Natasha quickly drop the rest of the stones off in secure locations in their correct timelines shortly after that. They would easily be able to go to the exact time they left and put them where they were actually supposed to be, but it was better to get them out of the way for now. Howard was a bit sad to see them go, but he had hit a solid block in his research, all of which was very technical and confused the shit out of Steve. From what he could understand, the stones weren't compatible with each other, but had been forced together (presumably by Bruce, Tony, and Thanos, though Steve didn't say that). Other then that, they were all structurally unique and absolutely teeming with endless power. Steve hoped that returning the stones to their proper times would fix the incompatibility issue. After all, nothing was imploding yet.
"When I was doing research on Howard, you have no idea how surprised I was that he actually settled down and had a kid. I wasn't surprised to find all the stuff about Tony sleeping with anything that has a pulse."
"Mmm," Tony hums, closing his eyes with a satisfied smile. "That sounds nice." Steve runs his fingers through the soft brown curls again, staring sweetly down at Tony. "Mm, and it'll make a great impression." His eyes snap open, his brain visibly running a mile a minute.
Bucky puts his head back in his hands. "What if... what if I make a fool of myself up there in front of all those people? Or what if Sam doesn't like being married to me? What if—"
Steve sets the cake down on the counter, looking very stubbornly at Tony's face. "Literally anyone could've come through that elevator."
"Well, were hosting a little get together in a few months. You should stop by. January twentieth, at my late father's old mansion." He seems hardly surprised by the insinuation that they were two Russian spies working for HYDRA to infiltrate SI and therefore the US government.
"It's rude to be so beautiful," Steve counters, walking away and around the counter to come sit at the stool which Tony was now facing, leaning against the counter with the top two buttons of his shirt undone—you could ask Steve when that happened, but he couldn't give you an answer—a lazy grin on his face.
"No no, I have time." Tony pulls his 'kiss the chef' apron off, folding it up and setting it on the stove. "Um.. I'm going to just change shirts, and maybe try to get some flour out of my hair."
"I'm just going to grab a snack and head down to the lab," Tony lies, biting back his tongue. His head is desperate to tell the truth, to explain to Peter exactly why he was upset. But Peter was busy. He had an SAT to study for, and Tony wasn't going to take him away from that.
He nods, looking back up at Steve after a moment with a dazzling smile that makes his heart do backflips. "Do you do weddings?" Suddenly, Steve feels like he's rammed himself headfirst into a brick wall. He didn't see a ring, but then again usually the person that proposes doesn't get a ring. Of course. This was exactly his luck.
Tony blinks at him. "You're telling me, a good looking guy like you can't get anyone in a city like this?"
"I have things to do, honey. I promise I'll make it worth the wait." Steve blows him a kiss, and Tony catches it, now grinning mischievously.
Nat studies him for a moment, taking another long drink from her bottle. "Sure you won't get sick of me in the next 8 years?"
Tony let's out a deep breath that he had probably been holding for a while. "Thank you. I—thank you." They step into the elevator side by side and Steve presses the button quickly, so he didn't have to keep his eyes off Tony for too long. Who knows, he could be a simple trick of Steve's mind showing that he's finally lost it. Or he could really just be a great guy who was into Steve. Who knows. "Vic... I met him when he was 12. He was a hell of a character, which I'm pretty sure is why his mom wanted to get rid of him. What a bitch.."
"Well, did you consider." Tony's crying too. "That I can't live another day without you either!" Tony lets himself slump forward resigned to the hug no matter how mad he was.
He hesitates only for a moment before fumbling with a ring of keys and opening the cell. "Yes, for you."
Tony comes to with a throbbing pain in his arm. It didn't take a genius to figure out that it was broken, based on the levels of pain combined with the fact that Tony knew very well that his forearm wasn't supposed to bend that way. Or really at all. Okay. Fine. Okay.
"You have to win." If he won; they would be in a position to request to see the Winter Soldier project, and in turn, where he was being held. Then who knows, they could be out of here in a week, Bucky in tow.
"I didn't realize we were sleeping together," Steve says quietly, hoping to all hell that Tony didn't feel the increase in his pulse or the tightening of Steve's hands on his hips. It was a nice thought, even if it might end up splattered for everyone to see. Also, apparently Tony was famous or something, which was maybe something Steve should look into at home where nobody could make fun of him for not realizing that he kissed a celebrity.
Sam smiles, patting Steve's shoulder. "You should come out with Bucky and me next Sunday. We're going ice skating."
"And I.." tears swell up in Tony's eyes. Just when he and Steve had found each other, it was almost fitting for them to be ripped apart like this. He could feel it all. He could feel every moment of never ending earth shattering pain rushing through his body. "Am." Steve flashes through his eyes, not the Steve that he had always known, but Steve in the seconds before they had left Vormir. His blue eyes sparkling with the same ferocity Tony had always known. Thinner, but still just as strong as he had always seemed. Thank god he wasn't here. This image wouldn't have to be in his eyes forever. Tony knew this was it for him. He knew he was done for. There was no magic save, no way out.
"Tony made some, but they're not even close to cost sufficient, so they were never released." Natasha cuts in, smiling at Steve. If she knew that Steve didn't actually know that, he didn't know, but he did know that she probably wasn't lying. It was entirely plausible, and more importantly, she wasn't a liar.
It's a while before Steve can think to say anything. There wasn't much to be said. Tony knew and Steve knew, and there was time for conversations like that later, when Tony's son wasn't hiding a large, mysterious, and potentially dangerous secret. "You should change into something more comfortable," Steve says finally, getting the feeling that he had brought Tony out of a deep daydream.
Steve sets his drawing board to the side, and his pencil atop it. Perhaps tea would ease his mind. He rubs his forehead, trodding over the sleek floors towards the kitchen. He had the tower all to himself today, if only by coincidence. Clint was out—probably feeding stray dogs—as were Nat and Bruce, working a case that somehow nobody else had the clearance to know details about. Steve suspected they were actually doing something else, but he didn't know what. It might still be for SHIELD, but he wasn't sure. Thor was off world, and Tony was... well, he didn't know where Tony was, but that wasn't unusual. He was usually holed up in his lab, doing god knows what. It was better that way, in Steve's opinion. He liked Tony just fine—a little more than just fine if you ask the more deprived parts of his brain—but there was nobody else on the planet who had such a knack for pissing him off. Sure, they were capable of civility, until either said something the other deemed irritating, and then it was back into the fray. The rest of the team liked to place bets on who would piss the other off first on any given day.
"Hi." Bucky says, waving at them slowly, his eyes flicker to Steve, then he looks down at the ground. "Tony said you were looking for me."
After that, they got ice cream. Not the crappy stuff either. Steve had strawberry, and Tony had banana. Banana was, in his opinion, the best flavor of everything. Especially if it was banana chocolate.
Steve pulls him gently to the edge of the bench, and then down into Steve's lap where they were now seated on the gravel path. "We don't have to talk about it."
Steve jumps a little, startled out of his thoughts and even more startled to find the catalyst of them standing only a foot away from him. "Hi, how can—how can I um.. help you," Steve fumbles out, squeezing his cloth tightly like a stress ball. Water drips onto the floor.
"Let's go." The suits form easily around them, and they share a smile before punching in the disappearance. Left behind, Tony watched them leave, going back to his coloring book. As far as he was concerned, they would be back in a few hours.
The ascent back to the top is long, and Tony can only stew in his pissed off condition. What right did Steve have? Absolutely none, whatsoever. The worse part still was that now Steve could sacrifice himself, and Tony would have to go on alone.. back to the people who had always cared for Steve more than him. Their friends. Everything would be the way it had always been, but he had been given a glimmer of what could be. This would be hell. "Now listen here you stupid fucking baboon," Tony growls as soon as his feet hit the ground.
Out of his mirror, he sees Steve leave the bakery soon after Tony himself left, his own good pulled up as the blonde walked past all the cars on the street. He was probably going to get a cold. If Tony came in in a few days, he could probably avoid the baker entirely if he was sick.
Captivated by Tony's eyes, he raises a thumb to swipe the excess frosting from the corner of the other man's mouth, and Steve watches his lips part ever so slightly, his eyes never leaving Steve's. Then there are soft pink lips on Steve's lips and everything feels right in the world.
Tony laughs. "It's ok. No actually." He takes his left hand off the controls and wiggles his fingers. "Engaged."
He uses his last strength to send electricity through his body and into the Skull's chest. He is thrown back a few hundred feet, his limp body crushing against a rock. "Man, fuck you," Steve grumbles, crawling the last inch to reach the case. At his touch, the second clasp opens to reveal a near blinding orange flash. He squeezes his eyes closed until it had died down to reveal the stone in his palm. Whatever, this may as well be happening. Power rushes through him, and he rises. He can feel everything, can feel the way his atoms are essentially the same as everything around him—everything that ever was and ever will be. He can feel every place where his bones were broken.. correction, used to be broken.
"Love you too," Steve says automatically, watching Tony finish the last few bites of dessert. "Bye."
Steve decidedly did not have butterflies. "Uh.. we have these um.. pamphlets," Steve says, trying to kickstart his brain back into action. He walks around the counter and the man follows, thankfully now separated from Steve by a clean counter. Steve slides one of the pamphlets over and their fingers brush if only for a moment. "We do custom cakes.." he blinks, watching the strangers calloused fingers open the delicately folded pastel pink paper. "You can um.. pretty much pick every aspect of your cake. The prices can range anywhere from 30$ to 500$."
Steve pulls away ever so slightly, his hand keeping an unbearably tight grip on Tony's wrist so he can't jump again. "What," he growls.
Tony glances around, locating the bathrooms, which were gladly not far. He pulls Steve back towards the wall, smirking at his usually irritatingly innocent boyfriend. "Of course you will baby. Cause you're mine, and there's nothing you can do about it."
"Very well, Stark." He turns away and sweeps back the way they came, settling to stay back next to a large boulder, turning to stare at them from the distance.
"I mean I guess it makes sense. Stark has been rumored to be on the LGBT spectrum many many times over the last few decades."
He drifts away, sparing Steve a momentary glare. The woman on his arm gives Steve a once over and a smile before following after the old man. Natasha pinches his hand hard and he winces. He already knows what it's about, but he's not that sorry. "Vanya, do you want to go find some food?"
Steve smiles, leaning on his elbows on the compartment between them. "Promise?" he teases, batting his eyes.
Unfortunately a search reveals nothing but tabloid gossip, and nothing about a Peter Parker. So he would have to ask Tony. It wasn't really that weird of a question, not given that someone had texted him claiming to be Tony's son. It could even be a bigger deal, like a security breach. Yes, he would definitely have to ask Tony.
"Oh." The look she gives him is nearly enough to make him want to duck, just in case the bottle in her hand slips out of it.. and into his head. "Well, I suppose your right. Well have to see him later though, I'm not entirely sure how to get that elevator back open." He takes the mostly empty second bottle of vodka and takes an experimental sip of it, then immediately begins coughing.
"You swear almost as much as Maria," he chastises, getting up to unlock the door. Steve hadn't ever met Maria, but given everything Tony had ever casually mentioned, she hadn't struck him as the kind to swear. She had sounded like the perfect housewife everyone in that century had longed for. She had established several funds for artistic societies though, so what he had gleaned from that period of history, it's very possible she had been part of the beats movement in the 50's. Who knows, maybe he'll meet her.
He shakes his head no subtly, because he wasn't. She possessed enough tact to handle the situation smoothly and without causing a scene, and he knew that she understood that just because he wasn't okay didn't mean that he had to be babied. She was the one who took care of him after his first panic attack. He had been utterly unprepared when he heard her say his name behind him—it hurled him back to the forest in Wakanda, Bucky turning to dust between his fingertips. His last word, Steve's name on his lips. Natasha pulled him up off the ground and picked him up over her shoulder to get him to the couch, where she implored him to breathe with her. Whatever she had been going to ask him was long forgotten as they settled down for a long night of trading stories about their fallen teammates. He woke up the following morning on the couch, with her sprawled atop him, a comfortable weight that reminded him that not everyone was lost.
Tony rolls his eyes, but steps away from Steve slightly, his hand reaching down to keep one of Steve's hands on his hips. "Victor, what can I do for you." Steve glares at Wanda who seems caught between laughing at him and freaking out because she just found her boss/roommate kissing her boyfriends uncle.
"He's right here," Tony interjects, gesturing to himself. "And hot, if you wanna gossip some more." He winks at Steve, walking past to set the newly revealed fried something onto the counter, taking another one and biting into it.
"We've got this mostly wrapped up. Howard's using his pull to get rid of the newspaper article with us on it, so that's nothing to worry about. SHIELD is coming up with a story about how they found Bucky. There's no reason for us to stay," Steve adds. Besides it would be better to get out as soon as possible. They didn't want to accidentally let too much information from their time into this reality, so they had to leave quickly.
Steve's hums out his affirmation, pretty much ready to give Tony literally whatever he asked for right now. Steve swears, if he asked for the moon on a string, he would find a way to get it for him.
"Big order for someone like you," Tony says, pushing Steve backwards until his back hits the tiled wall next to the air dryers. "Sure you can handle it?" he asks, loosening Steve's tie, and dropping it on the floor by his expensive shoes. Steve breathes heavily, staring down at the tie, as if dazed. "I asked you a question." Tony undoes the first buttons on Steve's shirt, drawing his attention back.
Tony laughs, but it's a sad sort of thing that makes Steve's heart fall. "No actually... He can't actually talk about our relationship because the public doesn't know I have a son. He gets bullied more than I'd care for, but he doesn't want me to come in and mess with it so.. it stands."
"Hello?" Steve answers the phone set aside specifically for HYDRA phone calls, so that Howard and Maria knew not to answer.
Luckily Tony just laughs instead of punching him in the face, silencing his racing heart. "Who knows, pretty boy." He takes another bite of cake, moaning in a way that sends Steve's mind right back to the image of Tony in his bed, this time under Steve, his head thrown back, a look of ecstasy on his beautiful face. Steve blinks and he's right back where he was, sitting across the table. "You gotta tell me though, which is your favorite."
"Nonsense, on my happy day, you called me a bitch, remember. Water under the bridge. I just want to make sure nobody is going to stop me. I don't want to cause a scene." He really couldn't get a read on her. All he knew was that last time the siblings had met it had indeed been.. a scene. Which, she was right, wasn't something they needed today.
With his good hand, he grabs his wrist, bracing his body against the floor, and breathing in deeply, before snapping his arm back into place. He exclaims loudly, his vision swimming. Fucking fuck ow. Yeah. Ow. At least, his arm was back to being  right though. More or less. Less. Ow.
"Please-" Steve couldn't finish the phrase. Tony had slammed his head into the elevator again, resulting in a loud crack. A light stream of blood and saliva dribbled out of his mouth.
"No!" Tony yelled throwing another plate, this time it hit ground behind him, just missing his right arm. "There is no explaining!" Tony took gulped down more bourbon. "You're an ungrateful, lying, unfaithful, whore!" Tony threw the bottle of alcohol at Steve, which shattered at Steve's feet, and the alcohol spread throughout the floor.
"Maybe, but he loves me and I was stepping out of line. I should have listened to him. If I had listened, nothing would have happened."
"Do you really think Tony would do that?" Steve struggled to stand up, and Nat rushed to help him stand up.
"It'll be quick. I can have a nurse tell him that the line was backed up if it would comfort you." Steve just shrugged. "I'll do that." The wheel chair was pushed forward. They rounded a corner, and entered an empty room.
"I think," Steve broke off into a small sob but stopped and controlled himself. "I think that I'd like to stay here with you."
"Damn it Steve!" Tony threw the glass of champagne at Steve who dodged it. "Friday don't call anyone!" Tony stood up and walked toward Steve.
Steve rushed to grab anything he hadn't packed. When everything was packed, Steve walked to the door, turned off the lights, and walked to the elevator.
"I'm good." Steve answered quickly and quietly. Tony grabbed the brace, wrapping it around his knee and securing it snugly.
"Steve? You okay?" Clint walked up behind Steve and put one hand on the small of his back. Steve flinched and hit his knee on the stool. Steve grabbed his knee. It felt like someone had hit him with a bowling ball. His wheezing got louder.
"Tony?" Steve gently lifted himself out of bed. He tried to walk down the hallway without running into anything, or being to loud. "Tony?" Steve walked down towards the elevator. Before he made it, Tony stumbled into him.
Nat's eyebrows furrowed. "Tony, I'm going into this room no matter what you say. Let go." She glared at him, then qhauickly ripped her arm from his grip.
"Get out of my tower. I'm going to get Peter from DC and he's going to live here. With me." Tony pressed one of the elevator buttons, and walked out. "If your lucky, I let you visit every once in a while."
𝘛𝘩𝘦 𝘦𝘭𝘦𝘷𝘢𝘵𝘰𝘳 𝘴𝘵𝘰𝘱𝘱𝘦𝘥 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘗𝘦𝘵𝘦𝘳 𝘴𝘵𝘰𝘳𝘮𝘦𝘥 𝘰𝘶𝘵. 𝘚𝘵𝘦𝘷𝘦 𝘭𝘰𝘰𝘬𝘦𝘥 𝘶𝘱 𝘧𝘳𝘰𝘮 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘵𝘢𝘣𝘭𝘦. 𝘏𝘦 𝘸𝘢𝘴 𝘦𝘢𝘵𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘴𝘰𝘮𝘦𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘲𝘶𝘪𝘤𝘬𝘭𝘺, 𝘣𝘶𝘵 𝘱𝘶𝘴𝘩𝘦𝘥 𝘪𝘵 𝘢𝘴𝘪𝘥𝘦 𝘸𝘩𝘦𝘯 𝘩𝘦 𝘴𝘢𝘺 𝘗𝘦𝘵𝘦𝘳.
"See told you we had some." Tony smiled at Steve. "How about we play a game before everyone comes? Like a card game?"
"No- I was on the way -ack from a long workout 'n I didn't eat all mornin' and some- uh a group of guys attacked me."
"Friday?" Steve was searching through all the different types of alcohol. "Could someone bring the bread up please?"
I got a new iPad with one of those keyboard cases so (hopefully) I’ll be able to write more. However I have writers block at the moment so progress is a bit slow at the moment. Thanks for the support!
"Can't I stay?" There was a hint of anger in his voice. He gripped Steve's hair and pulled for a second. Steve mumbled something and shook his head.
Warm hands gently caressed his face, working their way up to his hair. His head was forced back and forth, almost as if Tony was inspecting it. They disappeared for a moment, and Steve whined at the loss of the kind hands.
"What's up Dad?" Peter invited him in, but didn't pull his attention from the game he was playing on his phone. Steve closed the door and stood on the inside of the doorway.
So it’s been a super tough weekend and this week is going to be pretty bad so I’m just gonna wrote instead of dealing with my feeling directly!
"No Tony. I'm being serious. I loved you and I want to be together but I can't be like this." He motioned towards the stitches.
Steve tried to slowly pick himself up off the floor. His head spun, causing him to fall over. He used his arm to catch himself, then stood up.
"Peter?" Steve knocked on the door. He slowly opened it, allowing Peter to stop him if necessary. "I need to talk to you quick."
"Darlin?" Tony yelled. He opened a cabinet and pulled out a bottle of bourbon. He took a big sip from the bottle and slammed it down on the counter. "She hit on you and you tell her it's fine then call her darlin?" Tony took another sip and opened the cabinet containing the plates.
"So you've been planning on breaking up with him?" Peter stood up. "Are you kidding me? He's the best thing that's ever happened to us. I had my own lab at the tower and an internship that could get me full college scholarships. Tony has given me everything even helped me with my powers when you didn't want me out there. He's been a better father to me in the past year then you've ever been."
"I'm so sorry Peter. I'll be back in a couple of days. We can talk more then, but I have to go now." Peter nodded as Steve turned to the door.
"Steve?" The voice faded in and out, but it helped Steve focus enough for him to open his eyes slightly. "Hey Stevie. Relax. Breath, okay? The doctors are trying to contact SHIELD and find some medicine that can at least take the edge off."
If you've read the story (and series) up to here, I will finish uploading the chapters before I log off.
"You're okay. It's okay, just relax. Breath baby." Steve was lifted onto a stretcher, and pushed into the elevator.
"I'll call someone to clean it. Now let's go baby boy." Tony held Steve's hair and pulled, dragging Steve behind struggling. He was trying to walk forward on his knees which was difficult and also trying to prevent his half from being pulled.
I feel like I had something to tell you guys, but I can't think of anything. I'm almost done writing!!
"Tony. This is ridiculous." Steve stood up from the couch but Tony walked toward the elevator. "Tony, please just listen to me."
The message was short, but Steve didn't know what he would write anyway, so he left it. The note sat alone on the bar, with the pen next to it.
"Steve. Pepper gets lunch weekly with some of the best lawyers in the country. All you need to do, is leave and everything will be fine." Nat knelt down lower, trying to grab his attention.
Steve hesitated, but raised his head. He kept his head down slightly before Tony gently placed his hand on the side of Steve's face. Tony's thumb settled on Steve's cheek and lifted his face so they could be face to face.
"And for you sir?" Her voice had the same amount as enthusiasm, but her smile had almost completely disappeared.
"Mr. Alma, thank you for coming." Tony shook the man's hand. "This is Steve Rogers." Steve shook the man's hand, then they all sat at the conference table.
"If I may- I think we would be great business partners." He smirked at Steve before looking at Tony. "I mean if your taste in business partners is as good as your taste in boyfriends, then I think we'll do great. Dan smirked at Tony, and Steve blushed.
"Do you want to stay at the compound. Maybe a different floor, and I'll stay with you? Or do you want to stay with me?"
Steve pushed his forearms under him. Tony grabbed his hair and pulled, but Steve couldn't push himself up any farther. Tony slammed the side of Steve's head into the elevator.
The elevator opened, and Clint ran to Steve, who had calmed the wheezing a little but grabbed the inhaler at first sight.
"Tony? It's 4 in the morning! You said you'd be home at 2!" Steve steadied Tony, then gently guided Tony to the couch. They both sat down.
"Nothing happened." Tony snapped. The elevator dinged and the door opened. "I guess i just can't be as perfect as Mr. Captain America." Tony scoffed and stepped out of the elevator.
"Tony?" Steve tried calling louder, but got no answer. "Tony!" Steve all but yelled now and then started shaking when Tony whipped his head around.
"I didn't mean it. Let me make it up to you." Steve pulled the blanket off of Tony, and held his wrists behind his back. He started to kiss around Tony's lower stomach and inner thighs.
"Sometimes I wonder why we are still together. Whenever we spend time together we fight, then you make me mad, so I hit you, and usally you shut up. But sometimes you don't and then you make me hate you. How can I love and hate you? And I still don't want you to ever leave." Tony laid back and snuggled up to Steve. "Ya know I drink because of you. It's your fault. All I want to do is have fun with you, but you always get mad at me. But then I give you those black and purple bruises, and I feel better." Tony ran a finger over Steve's cheekbone. "You look so hot with those bruises. When I look at them I feel like I own you. I pretty much do. I'm never letting you go. And you'd be dumb to try. You're too weak for that." Tony sat up on the bed and scooted to the edge. "It's just you and me, Steve. Because we love each other."
Tony was about to take a bite, but stopped. The soft golden light traced the curves of Steve's face, and the two stitches just above his temple.
Steve finished setting up the table. He placed the napkins down, as well as arranged the glasses to look proper. He went back to the lower floor, grabbing a clean bucket, a glass pitcher for water, and (after a bit of searching) a bunch of candles so he could pick the ones he liked on the table. Upon returning to the kitchen, Steve made perfect time as the timer went off right as he walked in. He set down the items, and took the meal out of the oven.
"Yeah. He's pretty good." Tony looked at Dan and winked. "Steve why don't you stand up and give us a little turn."
"It's her number. That bitch." Tony made his way out of the booth, laid 2 $20 bills on the table and walked out. Steve followed him slightly behind, but was stopped at the door by the waitress.
"Pete, I don't know how these things work so put it down or I'm going to just take the whole thing."
"Your jaw? Awww does little Steve's jaw hurt?" Tony slapped Steve hard and quick. "Your jaw and mouth is for sucking." Tony gripped Steve's hair and started to undo his zipper.
"What happened to him?" One of the doctors asked. He didn't get answer, Tony focused on Steve, avoiding the question.
Steve waited for the elevator to stop. When the doors opened, he walked out and looked for a piece of paper. After a bit of struggle, he found one, picked up a pen, and wrote.
"We know that. It's just for the imaging. We need an accurate picture so we can see how the healing is going." Dr. Sackler inched the chair toward Steve.
"Ton-" Steve was cut off by Tony who sharply pulled Steve's head back over the couch and kissed Steve. "T-" Steve was trying to pull away but the grip in his hair got tighter. Tony pulled Steve's jaw down so he could make the kiss deeper, then Tony traced the muscles down Steve's arm then grabbed his hand.
The fans turned on, and Steve was attacked by a harsh, cold body of air. He curled into a tight ball, and was thankful for the light t-shirt and boxers Tony said he could wear. He pulled his arms in as close as possible, trying to stop the shivering. He did the muscle thing Sam had told him about, and managed to calm himself down. He started to drift asleep.
"Steve," he stopped to listen to Sam. "If you need anything, call me and I'll drop what I'm doing and travel to New York. No matter what.
"Tony wouldn't do that!" Peter screamed back. He loved me. I was basically his son. I have more in common with him, than you. I know he would never do that!" Steve stepped back.
"Please." Tony wasn't begging. He was demanding. He took Steve's hand and lead him into the living room. He pushed Steve onto the couch, and sat in the chair across from him.
"Uh, yeah." Steve blinked a few times to get rid of the glassiness. "Yeah." He turned around and caught up to Tony. "W-Where did you sleep last night?"
"Wake up!" Tony grabbed Steve's hair and pulled his head up. The pain was sharp and Steve immediately slapped at Tony's hand and wrist, before realizing that it was Tony. He stopped slapping and sat up.
"We can't go anywhere without you getting hit on." Tony glared at Steve. "If only they know your personality. They'd realize that you're eye candy and that's about it. Although you can be a good fuck. But you don't even let me do that anymore." Tony finished his coffee and waved to a waitress carrying a coffee pot.
The elevator opened, and Peter stormed out. "Dad!" Steve jumped awake, accidentally knocking Tony's chin with his head.
"Let's try a shower. No need to be stuck in dirty water." Steve nodded, but didn't move. "Alright. Let's get these off of you." Tony moved his hand to the back of Steve's underwear. Steve flinched slightly letting his eyes look up. He accidentally looked in the mirror. His face was bruised, his neck had finger prints, along with his wrist. His hair was a disheveled mess of blonde. Steve tried not to, but his eyes quickly glanced at his crotch. The fabric was tented over his hard cock.
