Sherlock is lying in bed, long since having said goodnight to everyone, but he can’t sleep. He keeps thinking about his nutcracker, lying alone under the tree. He feels wracked with guilt that he’s already broken its arm, even if it
Sherlock sits beside him. “What we’re doing now is using that connection. It’s astral projection, John. My body is with Moriarty, and I’m unconscious. As such, I’m dreaming, and you used your connection to the other planes to find me and visit me in my dreams. While the spirits could always use the connection to find you, you’re now learning to manipulate the connection from your side.”
Mary doesn't reply, she just frowns and goes back to her sandwich. John sighs and wraps his up again, grabs his coffee, and goes to his office. He tosses the sandwich out on the way.
“You’ll have to tell me all about it later!” Uncle Augustus says, and unlike the other members of his extended family, he’s not being sarcastic. Sherlock beams at him, and he ruffles his hair again and stands. “But first, your present.”
He stows it away in his pocket with shaking hands, pulls his coat on, and leaves, desperate for a hit. He thinks maybe he’ll go find his dealer, but then again, even dealers might take Christmas off.
“You were taking too long,” Mycroft says simply.  “Sherlock was – worried.  An unusual state for him, surely.  Usually, he thinks in terms of equivalence, or the value of actions and their counterparts.  But in this case, he was worried for your wellbeing.  It appears you make him think quite differently than he normally does.”
“You’re alright,” John says. “You’re alright, love, that was intense, wasn’t it? But you’re alright, you’re incredible, shh,” and Sherlock rests against him, unsure of what just happened, unsure of what came over him, unsure if he can even speak.
John shifts and moves closer but doesn’t break the kiss, which grows more distracted, John’s lips losing their focus and growing more sloppy in a way that makes Sherlock’s skin come alive, and then John moves until he’s straddling him, and Sherlock feels like he might die when John’s weight is settled on his thighs, when John’s mouth comes at his from a new angle, when John’s chest is pressed against his. He opens his mouth eagerly to John’s, moans louder than he means to when John rocks his hips, clutches at Johns back and feels like he is coming apart.
“You love to dance,” John says. “You told me so. And you didn’t – you didn’t get to, and you – just. I’m –”
Sherlock turns from him, going back to his groceries. “Obviously,” he says, but his voice lacks bite.
John sighs, resting his hand on the counter and staring down for a minute, letting out a long exhale.  “Right, I’m doing a job for this bloke,” he says.
John feels a shiver run down his spine. He wonders why he didn’t bring a gun, but he doesn’t even know if that would be effective on someone like Moriarty.
Sherlock gets outside, and of course there is no sight of John. But when he glances down, there’s a trail of raindrops from John’s umbrella heading left on the small patch of dry pavement under the overhang of his door. He follows it eagerly. But what’s to the left?
“I don’t need you here,” Sherlock mumbles into his pillow. He feels a tear rolling over his nose, dripping down to pool on his pillow. “Why don’t you go back to school now?”
Despite Great Uncle Alfred’s presence and the drunken caroling, though, Sherlock really does like his family’s annual Christmas party, even if he hates wearing a tie and being forced to stay clean and tidy. He loves the way the house is transformed with decorations, and since he’s the only child left besides Mycroft, who doesn’t count because he is the equivalent of an old troll, Sherlock gets nicely spoiled. However, most of the gifts he gets are boring: chocolates, books he’s read years ago, whatever toy is popular that year that he doesn’t care about. Not Uncle Augustus’ gift, though. Uncle Augustus has his own shop where he makes beautiful clocks and toys unlike anything else Sherlock has ever seen. Mummy doesn’t take him there often, but when she does, Sherlock loves to look at all the strange things his uncle makes. They’re beautiful and intricate and
“You have a birthmark, don’t you?” Sherlock asks. Immediately, John’s left hand closes over his right wrist where the birthmark indeed lies. “Seven dots. A row of three followed immediately by a row of 1. Thirty-one. Then, a row of three. March. Your birthday is visibly linked to the body in which you reside. And your name, John H. Watson, carried around your neck, first from your father’s tags since you were a child, and then with your own since you entered the Army, hanging against your chest even now as we speak. But don’t worry; removing them won’t help at this point. The gate has been opened.”
“You could have just taught me,” John says.  His anger is fading against his will and being replaced with heady relief.
“Sorry to bother you,” she says, pushing the door open and nearly over-balancing the files as a result. “I was just gonna go put these away upstairs; are you finished with those?” she asks. She gestures towards the stack of files on his desk with her head, using her free hand to keep her own files in place and holding the door open with her foot.
John stares for a moment. He has the distinct feeling that he’s missed something important. He’s having a paradigm shift, of sorts, only he can’t be sure exactly what it is that he’s come to realize. All he knows is that something in his heart is aching.
John furrows his brow and looks at the man in annoyance.  He’s wearing a three-piece suit and he’s looking at John with a smarmy sort of smile John can’t quite read.
different because Sherlock’s fingers itch with the desire to touch, his stomach flutters every time John smiles at him, he can’t stop staring, can’t stop admiring the way John’s entire face lights up when he smiles, the way the light reflects in his eyes, the way his hands curl around his silverware, the way he sits so tall and proud. Sometimes he catches John staring, too, and it makes his stomach twist pleasantly.
“Of course,” Mary says, smiling. She tucks a strand of her short, blond hair behind her ear, and Sherlock watches and then turns to John with a blank expression.
“Don’t be absurd,” Sherlock says dismissively, though the bite in his words is softened by the way the corners of his lips twitch.
John smiles at him and something about it makes relief sweep over Sherlock, though his heart still skitters in his chest. John holds out his hand, and Sherlock takes it and stands, suddenly feeling awkward, but John threads their fingers together and pulls his head down for a kiss, and that feels much better.
Sherlock sets Billy down on the kitchen table and then takes a cigarette out of the little bag as John turns to watch, waiting for his coffee to brew. Sherlock holds it up towards the kitchen light and examines it in the light, then hums in curiosity. He turns it over and inspects it from all angles before bringing it up to his nose and sniffing, closing his eyes as he takes in the smell. John watches in confusion until Sherlock looks up at him, pointing at him with the cigarette.
He locks his knees and forces his back straight. He thinks of Arthur and his love for him, thinks of Greg and how much he looks forward to their visits. He thinks of how lucky and grateful he felt when he could stand under the beautiful warmth of the nectar tree, surrounded by thousands of the very beings that are about to attack him. He thinks of Angelo’s, of giving the protective arrow to Angelo’s son, of watching Angelo’s son stand up for him in front of thousands of spirits.
“Oh,” John says, unsure how to take Sherlock’s answer. “That’s probably for the better; school can be a bit rough.”
John shrugs. “He said he used to live on Baker Street and he never noticed it before; he was just looking at it when I went out to get some groceries on Sunday.”
“I’d imagine so,” Sherlock says. “You appear to have a conscience, so it can’t be easy, being who you are. Although, I’d advise you not to waste time on wishes that can’t be granted.”
“Going out for the evening,” Sherlock says. He eyes John speculatively for a moment, then pushes up off the floor, dusting himself off as soon as he’s standing. He reaches down again and picks up Billy, handing him off to John. “You take Billy,” he says. “I suppose you shouldn’t take anything heavier with your shoulder.”
John sucks in a breath, the hand holding his wine glass frozen in midair. This is not okay. He’s just about to yell at Sherlock when Mary speaks.
John rolls his eyes. “Right, that’s why you don’t have to do all this, making breakfast and bringing me tea and all. You haven’t even left any body parts in the fridge.”
. I – I caused you great pain, and it won’t happen again. I know I – we talked about this once, but you – you deserve so much better.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but he pauses for a moment, stills his lips, holds them there just for a moment like a kiss, ignores the way his stomach flutters and there is a fire in his veins pulling him towards John, ignores the way his heart pounds and his head spins because if he gives in, he won’t be able to focus, won’t be able to –
“The same way we came,” Sherlock says, already heading towards the water. He stops at the edge, looking behind him impatiently at John.
John turns around and he’s there before Sherlock can realize what’s happening. Sherlock’s breath is coming in short, high gasps now, and he distantly realizes he may be having a panic attack. John’s hands are on his shoulders again, and Sherlock closes his eyes, savoring the contact, memorizing it, letting it drift through the open windows of his mind palace and taint every memory and thought inside because nothing in there is as important as John’s hands on his shoulders right now.
John frowns, wondering what this means. He has a lot more questions, but he’s beginning to feel tired, and he yawns suddenly, covering his mouth with his hand.
He gives Oliver a treat, then goes back to the living room, unfurling the scroll and scanning it quickly as he walks. He grabs a quill to add a few notes at the bottom, and ties it to Oliver’s foot before sending him back out.
“On three,” John says, eyeing the coffee. He doesn’t trust that Sherlock will keep his end of the bargain.
She spares him a look, clears her throat. “Well, I suppose this calls for a trip to Diagon Alley, doesn’t it? Imagine, Mycroft, starting Hogwarts!”
The man is sprawled out on the couch, wearing nothing but some loose satin trousers and a dressing gown of the same material. He’s smoking a long, elegant pipe, the likes of which John has never seen; it’s at least 20 centimeters long, with engravings along its narrow shaft and a small opening at the end. The man’s gown, tied haphazardly at his waist, is open to reveal most of his chest, the collar so loose that it’s settled just below his shoulders rather than his neck, revealing smooth, milky white skin. His legs extend from the confines of the gown to rest on the armrest, while the sharp angles of his peculiar face rest against an elaborate, tasseled pillow at the other end of the couch. His head is turned towards the door, though his body faces the ceiling, and he draws his pipe away from his mouth and slowly blows out a thin stream of smoke as he lazily regards John from beneath half-closed, hooded eyes.
A comfortable silence falls between them, save for the sounds of Sherlock inhaling his pipe and the distant traffic sounds from the street below.
secret room, Sherlock smiles, his head resting on John’s chest, John’s fingers stroking through his hair. He thinks of how this room once was, how
John has a run-in with a particularly nasty spirit, and Sherlock uses some interesting magic as a result.  Our boys also have some wine together, and go visit Sherlock's favorite fortuneteller.  Meanwhile, exactly who/what is Mary?
“You’re pissed, too,” Sherlock manages, still reveling in the lingering heat where John’s hand had been.
John shakes his head. “No – Sherlock you – it’s not that.” John stops, takes a deep breath, and straightens, looking at Sherlock attentively, his face settling into something less anxious and more focused. Sherlock can’t read his facial expression. “You care,” John says. “Why do you care?”
Sherlock told him to be appreciative of the spirits, and instead, he’s using all of his energy to fight the fear they instill in him, the same fear he’s been with his entire life. He realizes in a moment of startling clarity, though, that without these spirits, these same damn things that are making his head ache and his skin bleed, he wouldn’t be here at all; he never would have met Sherlock in the first place, nor would he have met Angelo, or his son, or Molly, or Mrs. Hudson, or Billy, or Arthur, or Greg, or any of the friends he’s met along the way. He never would have tasted the sweet nectar from the spirit procession, but more importantly, he never would have tasted it
“I told you before, didn’t I?” Sherlock asks. John slowly turns back at the sound of his voice. Sherlock is sitting with his hands in a parody of a prayer in front of his face again, scrutinizing John intensely. “It’s inevitable. There is no such thing as coincidence in this world, John. There is only the inevitable.”
They stay that way until Sherlock feels like his heart has stopped racing. He’s not sure how long it’s been, but he knows it’s been a while. He blinks a few times and is startled to realize his face is wet. John strokes his hair, holds him close.
The man regards him for a moment, then speaks. “It’s inevitable,” he repeats, his voice unexpectedly sharp. His eyes narrow on John as he sets his pipe down on a table near the couch, and then he sits up in one quick movement, his previously indolent body suddenly pulsing with energy. He shifts with a rustle of his dressing gown and then he’s situated in the center of the couch, leaning forward, elbows on his knees and hands pressed together like he’s praying, leaning his head against the tip of his index fingers. He’s staring straight at John with an intensity John is not accustomed to. “Also, the door is a barrier.”
John can’t help the snort of laughter that escapes him, and even Sherlock manages a quirked lip and a small chuckle.
Sherlock doesn’t let go of his wrist for a moment, and so John keeps his fingers where they are as he breathes deeply, shaking his head and blinking water out of his eyes. When he looks around, he finds that he’s in a pond, next to a large oak tree. Wildflowers surround the edge of the pond.
“John, please,” Sherlock says. His voice is soft and he feels as if he’s under a spell. He’s not sure exactly what he’s begging for.
Mrs. Hudson holds the door open for John, watching him with trepidation.  John sighs and looks around the closet, rubbing his forehead.  He sees a tote bag nearby, hanging amongst some of Sherlock’s clothes, and he takes it, shoving Billy inside with a look of apology; he may need his hands.  Mrs. Hudson reaches out and pats his arm as he crosses the threshold, and he nods at her, his jaw set and his shoulders square.
Sherlock nods, not sure he can speak. John comes over and stands in front of him again, and he smiles up at him, a genuine, wide smile, while one of Sherlock’s birds sits on his shoulder, nuzzling up against his jaw. Sherlock’s heart pounds just watching, and he finds himself blinking fast, trying to take this all in, trying to understand what he’s feeling.
The spirits around them have stopped and turned to stare at them, suddenly seeing them for what they are due to John having taken his hand off the lantern, even if it had only been for a second.
Mycroft rolls his eyes.  “It wasn’t about the girl,” he says.  “She was infecting the hydrangea; the situation had to be resolved.  Hydrangeas are quite special.  They are…family, of sorts, to those who govern the rain.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “You didn’t understand the connection you had to the other realms, and you’d never had any truly positive experiences with spirits or anything relating to magic. As such, you feared the connection. Spirits saw you as a powerful being with which they could connect, but who feared them rather than support them. As such, they wanted to devour you and keep your considerable power for themselves. Now, they can sense that you won’t go so easily.”
“Well, what am I supposed to be observing?” John asks, annoyed, the sound of the rain and the wetness in the soles of his shoes starting to get on his nerves.
“The poor dear,” Mrs. Hudson comments again, and John would feel embarrassed if he had the energy. But then, Sherlock’s fingers run through his hair again, and he sighs.
, to feel John tremble against him, to feel their skin sliding together. He feels completely incapable of controlling his voice or his body; his hips move of their own volition, he moans over and over, he curls himself around John and gets as close as he can get until he’s coming fast and hard beneath John, dissolving into nothing but a melted pile of skin and bones and
“John,” she repeats. She sounds desperate and takes a step towards him. “John, you have to come with me,
“We made a deal, for one thing. Also, it’s quite cute, isn’t it?” John says, grinning when Sherlock scowls, the tiniest hint of redness appearing in his cheeks.
John is on his way back to Baker Street, armed with grocery bags, and he’s walking quickly, palms sweaty around the handles of the bags. There’s a spirit behind him. It’s been following him since the grocery store, and it’s particularly big. It’s a long, winding, black shape, almost like a big distorted caterpillar, and on the end is a large mouth, red lips stretched over sharp, pointy teeth and two large, red eyes blinking at him. It smiles every time John turns to look at it. The smile is disgusting and John’s entire body is on alert. He’s trembling and sweating, but the spirit is following him sedately, so he’s not sure running will help.
“Stonehenge,” John clarifies. “Don’t tell me you deleted it. I’d think it’d be interesting to you, centuries old mystery and all that.”
John looks at her in confusion, then turns, looking over his shoulder towards where he came from.  The door is no longer there.  This shouldn’t shock him; he remembers now, when they’d gone to Mary’s, how the door disappeared behind them, and yet shock overtakes him.  He starts to feel panicked; he looks around frantically for a road, a sign, anything, but this meadow seems to go on forever.  Something is bubbling up in his chest and he needs to get to Sherlock, immediately, but he can’t ascertain a way out of this place, wherever it is.  His hands tighten convulsively around the cupcake.
Again, something seems to come over John’s body, and he finds his feet crossing the threshold even though he’s made no decision to do so. As soon as he enters the room, he’s overtaken by a sweet, smoky smell, and though there’s a lot to take in –
he wants to share with Sherlock, and instead, settles for a tight smile with raised eyebrows to Mycroft. He looks around, hands shoved in his pockets, and is not surprised that the interior of Mycroft’s home is decorated in deep mahogany, with many lush carpets and rugs in the hallway and foyer.
“John,” he greets, eyes flickering over the pronounced bags under his eyes, lines of exhaustion in his face, downward slope of his shoulders.
face instead,” John says. “I’m really fine, just a small concussion, but they want me to sit here a while instead of work, when honestly, I’d much rather just go home.”
“What – was that a dream?” he mumbles to himself, wondering if he is indeed crazy – he did, after all, just have a conversation with a family of human foxes – but in his hand is the brightly wrapped takeout from Angelo.  “What the bloody hell?” he says, staring at the bundle.  He looks around again, but there’s no sign of the warm string of lights or the red curtain or the little fox family; all that surrounds him are dark, empty streets.  He has no idea what’s just happened to him, and he wonders if he’s in some kind of shock – but then he thinks of Sherlock, placing that stupid arrow in his pocket in the first place, and he laughs.
John shakes his head. “They’re dead,” he says. “My parents died when I was young. I don’t remember them much, but my father was a bit of an alcoholic dick, to be honest. My mother was nice, though.”
Mary smiles playfully. “Oh. Well, that’s good to know,” she says. She looks down at her sandwich, then up at John again, and smiles. “I’d like to meet him sometime.”
“Don’t take it off!” he yells, but his voice is lost to the sounds of traffic and the man twists at the ring for a moment before yanking it off his finger. The smoke curls out faster than ever, uncontained by the strange ring Sherlock had given him, and John watches as the man’s eyes widen in fear. He seems unable to move his body. He’s jerking a little bit in his attempts to move, but he remains rooted to the spot in the middle of the crosswalk as traffic begins again in the other direction.
Mrs. Hudson laughs and John opens his eyes to glance at her. She’s looking at Sherlock with a fond smile, and she stands, taking Billy off the mantle.
John brushes the back of his fingers over Sherlock’s cheek, then his thumb. Sherlock leans into the touch, a contented sigh slipping from his lips, and John smiles at him, warm and pleased.
He goes to his computer and scrolls through his music library. He can’t believe he’s doing this. This can’t be right. And yet, with trembling fingers, he selects a Strauss waltz. He winces at the loud opening chords and shakes his head, quickly turning it off; it won’t do.
The coffee shop is not John’s usual type of place. It’s a very small, independent café with a décor that’s surpassed homey to enter the world of hipster. John feels a bit old and out of place, but Mary seems to like it. She fits in well here, with her quirky, bohemian style. In fact, the pattern on her scarf matches the shop’s wallpaper quite well, but John refrains from telling her so; he doesn’t think it would go over well.
John shakes his head, looking ahead and eyeing a rough patch of concrete on the roof to escape Greg’s gaze. “No, not now. It’s not – I like her, I do, but I just don’t think we’d work out.”
“Let me take care of you, love,” John says, and Sherlock lets out a breathy moan of agreement, curls his fingers into John’s calf, breathes him in.
“John! Welcome back! We didn’t think we’d be seeing you!” one of them says, and John heads over, pulling Sherlock behind him.
John grins. “Nothing,” he says, ignoring Sherlock’s skeptical look and passing him the urn, then the bottle. He climbs back through the window, and Sherlock doesn’t reach out to help him this time, but he does hover nearby impatiently, and then he ushers John down to the living room.
Sherlock shakes his head, eyes still on the door. “No, nothing like that. It’s his own problem, but that was probably the last time he’ll come here.” Sherlock reaches for his tea and takes another long sip, then peers at John. “Go on, then,” he says. “Follow him if you want, but he has to figure this out on his own. You can’t help him.”
for him, who has been suffering for him, who has been patiently enduring his unrequited love, thinking it was some kind of punishment, thinking it was something he’d never get back.
“You idiot!” John says.  Before he realizes what he’s doing, he grabs Sherlock by the shirt collar and hauls him up into a sitting position.  Sherlock slumps forward and furrows his brow as he looks at John.
Sherlock turns and looks at him with a small smile, one side of his mouth quirked upwards. “You were never normal, John,” he says. His voice is surprisingly gentle. “And you never will be.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock says, unsure what else he’s expected to say. “Mike, you’ve brought my ingredients?”
Mrs. Hudson comes back down the hall, smiling warmly. “A wish-granting shop,” she repeats, taking one cup of tea off the tray and handing it to Sherlock.   “As long as it’s something Sherlock can do, he’ll grant the wish. Do sit down, dear, your tea will get cold,” she says to John, gesturing towards the chair he’d sat in a few moments before. Even though he’s not sure he wants to stay, John sits again, inexplicably drawn to this strange situation, and he takes the tea she hands him. She smiles and pats his shoulder, but it doesn’t do anything to make him feel more comfortable.
god he wants. He tilts his head up and kisses Sherlock hard, twisting his hips against Sherlock’s, gasping when Sherlock’s hips meet his. He groans, lets his fingers smooth down Sherlock’s back until they dip into the waistband of his pajamas. Sherlock shifts his hips, urging John to continue, and John doesn’t hesitate; he pulls down Sherlock’s trousers and pants all in one motion, lets Sherlock reach down to do the same to him.
say anything, really, he can’t even process anything that’s just happened to him, and he opens the door.
“I will,” he tells her. He’s anxious to go through the forest and find Sherlock, but he knows that as soon as he leaves her side, there’s no turning back. He doesn’t know what’s waiting for him, but then, he really hasn’t since he moved in with Sherlock in the first place, so it’s not as frightening as he thinks it should be. He takes a deep breath, lets his posture settle into military preparedness, and rests his hand on Redbeard’s long, proud neck.
“You’ll see,” Sherlock tells him. “There’s no sense in trying to explain.” He stands without warning, heading towards the kitchen as if he intends to end the conversation.
Sherlock closes his eyes, pulls John closer, shifts until his lips are next to John’s ear, because his words are for John and John alone, his
that rip themselves from his throat, obscene and beautiful and overwhelming, no way he could have imagined the way it feels to hear John lose control, to hear John’s voice turn to breathy grunts and moans, to feel John’s lips
John looks around, but there is no way out.  Other than the strange area ahead of them, they’re surrounded by nothing but grey.  He starts to feel a sense of panic that makes his senses sharpen, makes him more attuned to what’s around him.  He looks at the girl, whose shoulders are shaking, whose face is covered in snot and tears.  She’s staring up at him through wide eyes, and he realizes, with a start, that the same smell he’d noticed when he first entered this place is also coming from her.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. He reaches up blindly, keeping his face tucked into John’s neck, and tangles his fingers into John’s hair. His hand is shaking. John takes hold of it and pulls it down a bit, and turns his head to press a kiss against Sherlock’s palm. Sherlock clutches him tighter.
“Alright?” John asks, shifting closer, pressing as much of his skin as he can against Sherlock, brushing a curl away from his temple, still amazed to be this close to him.
Without thinking, Sherlock feels himself reaching for John’s hand. He takes it, and John’s fingers automatically twine through his. He swallows shakily, shifting closer to John. “So are you,” he says earnestly. “You are – you are a marvel, John. Oh god, I missed you,” he says. His voice is hardly more than a rush of air, but John hears him and reaches up, cupping Sherlock’s face with his free hand, and Sherlock closes his eyes, his breath catching on a sob that he swallows down, leaning into the touch and relishing it. They stay that way for a moment, fingers entwined, heads a hair’s breadth apart, knees pressed together, their breath shaky and overcome.
“You’re not selfish,” John says. A small part of him is surprised at how intensely he means it. “Why would you even say that?”
They walk companionably to the park; Arthur tells John about all the things that have changed since he was young, and John finds it soothing to talk to someone without a skull present. Arthur is interesting, too, and John finds himself asking questions, curious about the wealth of knowledge he possesses.
He doesn’t feel as angry as he expected, though. Instead, he feels a small flicker of hope, a small rekindling of the connection with music he’s been forging since he was very small, a small rekindling of the connection he has to
Sherlock can feel his face flushing, can feel sweat develop on his palms. There seems to be a circuit missing between his brain and his mouth because he can’t get himself to speak, and he opens his mouth for a moment and nothing comes out, so he closes it, and is about to try again, when thankfully, the server comes, bringing their menus. He lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
“Anyway,” John says, then stops, smiling tightly up at the server when she returns with their wine and then not speaking while she pours some for him to taste, which he does, dutifully, and offers her another tight smile and a nod before she pours a glass for each of them and then retreats. “
John smiles at him, but there’s something complicated on his face, something hesitant. “I never thought you felt things this way,” he says. He sounds a bit rueful, and Sherlock blinks, processing, and thinks he must be wrong when he comes to the conclusion that John seems a bit self-conscious.
“Not a problem at all,” John says. “Sometimes I don’t sleep, anyway, so I’m sure your violin will be fine. Might be a nice flat, actually, once all this is unpacked properly.” He looks around the room, eyes scanning over everything.
John starts at the use of his name and then looks away for a moment, surprised by his sudden urge to laugh at this strange turn of events.  He knows he should probably be alarmed, but his life has become so strange that this seems almost normal, and so he looks back at the man in resigned amusement.  “Yes, that’s me.  Sorry, but do I know you?”
“I wasn’t staring,” John says. “I was just thinking that’s the first time I’ve seen you use magic. Do you prefer wandless spells? Only, I didn’t hear you cast anything.”
Sherlock puts his hand in John’s hair again, and he feels his stomach jolt when John starts moving faster, his hand pumping along with his mouth.  Sherlock groans, and it grows higher pitched and louder and more frantic when John takes him even deeper, almost all the way to the base, and Sherlock feels his toes curl against the floor and his legs tremble and his hand is tightening in John’s hair and there are sounds coming from his mouth he had no
When John wakes again, he’s still on the couch in 221B. Moonlight is streaming in the windows, and Sherlock is curled up on the couch, his head resting against John’s thigh. John blinks at the sight, his heart clenching as it catches up to him that this is real.
Sherlock’s eyes focus somewhere to the left of John and his brow furrows as he retreats into his mind palace for a moment, images of John and Mary coming forward quickly. He’s scanning through them for a moment, but he knows he’s missing something obvious. He frowns, rewinding his memories, replaying slowly, focusing on what matters: John. He watches John smile at Mary, watches the slow upturn of his mouth, watches the lines in his face map out something akin to happiness, watches the almost bashful smile he’d never seen directed at himself, watches the restrained smiles, and his frown deepens.
John doesn’t have time to get angry, he knows that, and he turns to Billy desperately, his fingers curling into Sherlock’s shirt.
“I can hear you!” John says in frustration.  “Just bloody tell me what to do!”  Mrs. Hudson looks shocked by his outburst, and he sighs, rubbing a hand over his face.  “Right, sorry,” he says.  His heart is pounding; he doesn’t have time for this.  “Just…tell me how to find her.  Please.”
, but it’s too early to try to appeal to Sherlock. He gives it up as a lost cause before he even tries; he’s learned to pick his battles. “Have you had breakfast at least?” he asks instead.
– spills a drop of the nectar, but manages to save it, and he can’t help but laugh along with Sherlock, letting the question go for the time being.
“I don’t – I don’t know what music to use,” Sherlock says after a moment. He feels nervous, and John is still standing close to him.
A spirit flies overhead. It looks a bit like a pterodactyl, John thinks, and if the creature itself weren’t surreal enough, just having the thought is absurd.
“You should rest,” Sherlock says. His eyes are trained on John’s face, as if he’s memorizing it, and John swallows. He’s taken aback by the openness of Sherlock’s expression. Sherlock shifts where he sits, though, and it seems like he’s going to stand up and leave John’s side. John pulls on his hand.
Something snaps inside John and he stands up taller, swallowing against the desolation inside him. He has nothing to lose now, he thinks, and no time to grieve. The only way he can fight is to do what Sherlock gave it all up for. Grief is lurking on the edge of his consciousness, but he won’t give in to it.
“And yet, he was soaked to the bone and covered in mud when you found him.  If he were waiting, wouldn’t he have been using an umbrella?”
this is not reality, surely he is imaging this, surely he is in his mind palace – but he closes his eyes, and he still feels John’s hand, and when he opens them rather desperately, John is still standing in front of him, and John’s hand is still on his face.
that whimper just came out of? His hand tightens in John’s hair as something deep in his stomach clenches pleasantly, his brain on fire with the sensations of hair on his fingers and tongue against tongue and the silky insides of John’s mouth. He doesn’t know if he’s doing this right but he doesn’t
John swivels his head to glare at him. “I think I’ve a right to be,” he says. “I’m not an idiot, and I don’t appreciate being treated like one.”
“I’ve brought some wine,” Sherlock says, pulling it out of the tote bag. “Please take it.” He hands it to Molly, who smiles, examining the bottle.
“What difference does it make? You’d have thought I was mad. Better for you to find out for yourself,” Sherlock says to John, who can’t seem to formulate a response. Sherlock turns to the skull in his hand. “Long time, no see,” he says.
“Interesting,” Mycroft says, and then Sherlock scowls again, glaring at Mycroft and crossing his arms over his chest.
John comes home from the clinic the next day with a bag of Chinese takeout in hand; he knows it’s Sherlock’s favorite, and he hasn’t seen Sherlock eat a proper meal in a few days, so he’s hoping it will entice him.
He’s not scared, not really.  He feels a strange sort of disconnect he can’t explain.  He frowns and begins to walk forward, looking around and hoping to see something besides grey, but it doesn’t happen.
“Oh,” John says, considering Sherlock’s words. He doesn’t have anyone he’d invite over, anyway, except maybe Mary, but they haven’t even gone on a proper date yet. “Yeah, alright.”
“Right, it’s not so dull for the rest of us, though, who have to pay bills and make a living. Anyway, I got a job
“Oh, look at me, forgetting my manners,” he says. He giggles and steps closer to John. “I’m Jim. Jim Moriarty.”
Sherlock sits on his knees in the alley, pulling a strange disc out of his jacket. It has some kind of runes drawn on it that John’s never seen before, and it’s about the size of Sherlock’s hand, making John wonder exactly what kind of pockets are inside his jacket.
He turns his head to the side, and looks down at his hand.  He’s clutching the hand of a young girl’s skeleton.
“I’m not sure what you want me to say,” Sherlock says.  His voice is low, and John feels his eyebrows rise.
John’s not in the mood to hear about Sherlock’s disapproval of Mary, so he ignores the smug smile Sherlock gives him in lieu of a verbal answer as they arrive at the small park near Mary’s house, the same one where John had disappeared into a hydrangea.  Sherlock leads them over to a large fountain, and they sit on the edge.  John can’t help but grudgingly admit to himself that it’s nice to spend a day like this with Sherlock, even though he’d set out to see Mary.  It’s a nice day, after all, and the park is empty besides them.
“You did nothing wrong,” John says tenderly. “Nothing.” He strokes his thumb along Sherlock’s cheekbone again and Sherlock closes his eyes, overwhelmed, and leans into the touch, lets himself believe that this is happening, that John’s words are true.
And he can smell her, too, a smell both foreign and comforting, soft and warm, and it makes something in his chest clench. He doesn’t understand the way his breathing changes when her eyes seem to lock into his, though he knows she’s too young to be properly focusing on him the way it feels like she is.
John glances over his shoulder at Sherlock, who’s watching him expectantly, and something clenches in his chest at the sight. He ignores it and lays down beside Sherlock, copying his position and folding his arms behind his head as well.
“He likes you,” Sherlock says. His voice is softer than usual, and he’s staring at the creature with rapt attention.
John stares for a moment at each of them in turn, and then finds himself resignedly finishing his tea and standing up. “Right,” he says. “The shops. You want me to go to the shops so we can have a party. Sure.”
John sighs.  He’d been hoping for Mary, but instead, he has a skull.  This is all too typical for his life these days.
Mycroft shakes his head.  “Today, I witnessed something I have never witnessed in the duration of my relationship with Sherlock,” he says.  “Sherlock asked me for help.”
“Yes,” he says. “It hurt. I’ve gotten a bit better at dealing with it now, but it’s – I don’t know how to explain it. I can feel magic and spells in a way that’s… very intense.”
“Shall I take the lantern, then?” he asks, already reaching for it. Sherlock nods, and John takes it and one of the glasses while Sherlock takes the other. Together, they go up to the roof, carefully carrying everything.
He’s not sure what he’s expecting, but what he sees is certainly not it.  In front of him is a vast meadow, extending as far as his eyes can see, colorful wildflowers growing freely amongst tall grass.  The sky is blue and clear, and a light breeze ruffles his hair.  There is a tall oak tree next to a pond, and the woman from earlier is sitting underneath it.  The glowing cupcake is cupped in her hands, and John feels his heart start to pound.  His eyes widen and he steps forward, slowly at first, then quicker and quicker until he reaches the tree.
John kisses his cheek softly in understanding and rolls to the side, leaning on one arm but staying close.  He runs a hand up and down Sherlock’s upper arm, kisses his chin, the corner of his mouth, his temple.
The next day, Sherlock starts playing almost as soon as John leaves for work. He’s eager to get back to his violin; he remembers how close he felt to his normal playing the day before, and he feels a tentative hope he can get back to where he used to be. He tunes quickly, then goes right into long tones and scales. By the time he gets through his scales, his sound feels more effortless than it has in ages, and while it’s not yet back to where it once was, he thinks there is a high chance that if he plays for long enough, he’ll find his way back.
, to all the things he doesn’t want to think about. He ignores it. “Last few patients canceled,” he adds, his voice tense.
“Fuck!” John says, his heart beating fast. He’s panicking in his haste to get to Sherlock, but he can’t help it. Redbeard breathes in and then John watches in horror as a wall of fire washes over his arm. He’s sure he’s about to die or at the very least lose a limb to severe burns, but the web disintegrates, falling away from his arm, and his skin remains cool and untouched. He stares for a moment, and then turns to Redbeard.
should act, but those thoughts pale in comparison to how safe and comfortable Sherlock feels, so he lets his eyes drift closed and he sleeps.
“Hello,” the man says. His voice is deep and silky, and the word is stretched, drifting into the atmosphere between them like the sweet smoke coming from his pipe.
“Shut up,” John says. His voice is fond and amused and it curls around Sherlock’s heart in a way he’s never felt before. John smiles at him. It’s warm, so warm that Sherlock almost feels his own lips mirror it, but he can’t – he is scared, terrified, inexplicably sad.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. “So glad you’ve managed to keep up now that we’ve all repeated the same phrase numerous times. I grant wishes. And in exchange, I take payment. Not money, of course. Money is boring. Souls.”
Sherlock swallows. He thinks of all the years they spent apart, all the years he thought he was crazy, all the years John suffered. He is burning with the desire to know about every minute John spent without him, to re-learn everything about him, to never let him out of his sight.
Greg’s grinning and his eyes are sparkling. “Something of Sherlock’s,” he says. “Did you know he wanted to be a pirate when he was young?”
, and then the energy in his stomach starts to spike and he pulls John’s body closer, feeling like he’s about to crack into tiny pieces. He’s panting now, fast and loud and he can’t help it and he barely even notices it, and then John’s hand moves faster still, and John groans again, the sound bitten off and breathy. Before he can realize what’s happening, the pleasure comes into sharp focus and Sherlock’s coming, hard and fast. He’s spiraling out of control as John continues to pump his hand, and Sherlock comes harder than he’s ever remembered coming, his whole body shaking and twitching, spurting over his stomach three, four times, and then John makes a choked sound and he’s coming, too, fast and hard. Sherlock feels it hitting his stomach and he closes his eyes, his heart still pounding, his hands shaking, and then John is stroking his face, light and soothing, and Sherlock rolls over, mindless of the mess between them, and curls himself around John, presses himself as close as he can possibly get. He’s shaking, god, he’s shaking. He feels like he has come apart, and he’s clutching John, lying half on top of him, so close it might be painful, but John just strokes up and down his back, presses kisses against Sherlock’s head, murmurs things Sherlock can’t even comprehend in the state he’s in.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” John breathes a moment later, a small smile on his lips, an echoing one on Sherlock’s. He strokes the side of Sherlock’s face, feels as if the two of them are wrapped in a blanket of magic, gratitude sweeping over him for everything that’s happened in his life before this moment because it’s all brought him here, even if he couldn’t see it at the time.
, whose presence in his life has become so integral that it terrifies him. But somehow, he finally feels
“No,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. “You’re clearly in pain. You seem to appreciate tea when there’s a problem. Therefore, I made you a cup of tea.”
“Alright,” John says. He doesn't sound relaxed, but Sherlock ignores that. Instead, he focuses on John’s leg once more, on the way John’s magic surrounds the knot. Carefully, gently, he nudges John’s magic with his own, winds them together to pull on the edge of the curse. It’s working, he realizes, but it’s difficult and slow going, and the further he gets into the knot, the worse it feels for him. He works without stopping, using his own magic to manipulate John’s, to slowly unfurl the cold, disgusting curse. The magic is foul, making his mouth dry and his head ache, but he pushes through, ignoring the nausea in his stomach and the icy cold feeling that’s swept over his body.
Sherlock makes a sound not unlike distress and shifts forward, eyes closed, pressing his lips against John’s. He doesn’t open his mouth, just holds his lips there, slotted against John’s, until John realizes Sherlock’s shoulders are shaking.
Sherlock doesn’t look away from Redbeard. “We did, didn’t we?” he says pensively. Redbeard squeaks at him in response and John smiles, watching over the rim of his mug.
John’s eyes widen and he stares at Sherlock in disbelief, but Sherlock is watching him very seriously.
John nods and carefully picks up the urn. It’s surprisingly heavy, and he passes it gently to Sherlock, then does the same with the water, which is lighter than it looks. Sherlock sets them both down behind him on the fire escape, and then steps to the side.
Greg looks out at the surrounding buildings and lights, thinking. “It’s not a dream, not really,” he finally says.
Sherlock shrugs.  “I’m sure you’ll find a use,” he says, and the smile on his face says he knows exactly why John has the arrow.  John sighs, knowing he has no choice but to wait and see what this is all about.
“It’s just really hard, you know? I mean, I never asked for this. I don’t want to see ghosts, but they’re always there. You just don’t know what it’s like. I have a headache all the time, I’m constantly scared, I can’t sleep at night…it’s just horrible!” she says, sounding near tears. Her friends look concerned.
John laughs; he likes Greg, though he won’t shake his residual wariness until he talks to Sherlock and confirms that Greg is who he claims he is.
John smiles. Carefully, she folds the paper, smoothing out the wrinkles and setting it aside before standing, crossing the room and coming to stand before Sherlock. Her small hands settle around Sherlock’s delicate waist, and Sherlock’s breath hitches. Sherlock closes her eyes in anticipation and dips her head down, and John stretches up on her toes and their lips brush, gentle, and Sherlock sighs, feeling something warm settle in her stomach, and presses her lips against John’s once more, chaste, soft, warm, sweet.
“More,” Sherlock says, his hips jerking up to find John’s.  He shifts until he can curl his leg around John’s waist, then gasps at the friction.
John tangles their fingers together without taking his eyes away from Sherlock’s. “What are you thanking me for? I just laid there,” he says.
“Er,” John repeats. He’s not feeling very eloquent, and he’s not sure he is quite grasping this situation. “And…what is he, exactly?”
When he opens the door, though, smiling widely, Sherlock stares at him from the couch with a dark expression.
“Alright?” John asks, his thumb still stroking over Sherlock’s cheekbone, his eyes shifting over Sherlock’s face, impossibly warm, impossibly real.
He goes to the living room and sits in the armchair he’d sat in the day before, adjusting the Union Jack pillow to suit him before taking the tea from Mrs. Hudson.
John tugs on his wrist just the tiniest bit and Sherlock opens his eyes and can’t help but take a tiny step forward, just a little bit, and then John reaches out and takes his other wrist in hand. John’s looking up at him with a furrowed brow, with his lips parted just the tiniest bit, and Sherlock swallows, his pulse fluttering, his hands trembling beneath John’s grip. John shifts his hands and Sherlock lets him, feels his own lips part as John’s fingers take hold of his own, still trembling. Sherlock can only stare, his eyes flickering over John’s face, his breath coming quick and shallow.
John shakes his head, rubbing a hand over his forehead. “No,” he says. “I would’ve thought he’d be back by now, to be honest. I mean, it’s Tuesday. He did say he’d be gone for a few days, but it’s a bit unusual.” He stifles a yawn and then reaches for his coffee, hoping it will wake him up a bit. He’s been feeling worn out the past few days, and there’s a tickle in his throat he doesn’t like. He scowls at the thought that Sherlock will likely blame his catching a cold on their being separated.
John trails off, thinking about Mary’s question. He frowns when he realizes he can’t think of any ways in which Sherlock has changed, but only changes in the ways John sees his behavior.
“Anyway,” John says after a moment, grinning in amused disbelief while Sherlock continues to look at him askance. “
“Right, and what is a pipe fox?” John asks, watching the little creature as best he can as it twists and presses its nose into John’s hair, sniffing and twitching and winding its way around John’s head and John does his best to keep still, though he can’t help the occasional flinch or twitch. The sensation is strange; it’s like a weighted feather tickling his skin.
Once he’s convinced himself John has really come back, he allows himself the comforting ritual of sitting in his chair, steepling his fingers under his chin, and closing his eyes. He revisits Baker Street of four years ago in his mind palace, tucked away in a beloved wing he’s visited countless times over the past few years. He imagines the room just as it was then, from the meticulous way John left the blanket folded on his chair down to the very last book in the pile near the door, and he lets himself smell the familiar mix of fresh tea and John and chemicals, lets himself feel the textures of the walls, his chair, John’s pillow, and he is so absorbed in the sensory memories that when he opens his eyes, he is dismayed. The differences between the Baker Street he knows now and the one he knew then are profound; there are too many of his things and not enough of John’s, too much evidence of his own presence and his own life by himself, too many wrinkles in his chair that John’s will never catch up with after having gone vacant so long, and because of this, there’s an anxiety inside him he can’t quell.
– with every fiber of his being, and rather than answering, he leans forward and kisses him again, hot and hard and eager. He brings a hand down between them and wraps it around John’s cock, thumbing over the leaking slit and spreading the moisture around.
“John, go,” Sherlock says. He sounds desperate and scared, and John’s never heard his voice sound that way. “Just go while you can.”
special, and he never wants to let it go. “Thank you,” he breathes, admiring the elaborate details on the buttons, running his fingers over the intricately carved details.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “He governs the rain,” he says.  “And he’s having a bit of a temper tantrum about a hydrangea right now.”
Rather than focus on them, though, Sherlock peers down at the baby sleeping innocently in the car seat as John turns around with her. Her face is a mixture of John and Mary, but Sherlock sees only John when he looks at her (or maybe he
He picks up a volume of Mozart sonatas. He thinks the slow movements would be a good place to start, a good transition back into real repertoire. He’s played them for years, after all, and they’re smooth and sweet and will be a good mix between warm-up and serious repertoire. He opens the sheet music but closes his eyes as soon as he plays the first note, lets himself focus on the familiar pattern of the notes under his fingers, on the position of his hands rather than the sounds he hears, on the set of his shoulders and back, on the position of his wrists, soft and yet firm.
Gradually, though, the sensory input starts to make sense and feel like it belongs to him. He takes a deep breath, in and out, and then another, and relishes the certainty that these are
“You don’t have to tell me about your magic,” John says. “I know you don’t… for whatever reason, you don’t like to talk about it, but it’s brilliant.” He pauses, hesitates, and Sherlock isn’t looking at him, but he’s listening intently to every word, his every cell on alert. No one has talked to him like this before. No one has called him brilliant; they’ve just thought him incompetent.
, more than he’s ever talked before. He thinks of how excited John was about his experiments, and how excited he was, in turn, about John’s studies in learning to be a soldier for the Land of Sweets. He thinks about how clever John is, and how interesting and kind and funny he is, and how he doesn't like Mycroft, either. His chin wobbles and Mummy tries to comfort him, but he pushes her arms away and runs, runs as fast as he can to his room, still clutching the little crown in his hand. He slams his door, locks it, and crawls into his bed, pulling the covers over his head and crying himself into a fitful sleep.
Sherlock thinks of how desperately he didn’t want John to see him holding Iris. He thinks of how desperately he doesn’t want to let her go, John’s presence or not. He thinks of the fact that he’s been the one to make the tea every single time since John’s come back home.
I'm so sorry for the long wait, everyone!  This story hasn't been abandoned, and updates will be much more regular from now on.  I got sick over the summer around the time that I stopped posting new chapters of this, and I was sick for a few months - from July until around October.  But I got out of the habit of writing/posting as RL took over.
In front of the door are tunnels, and he knows he’s in the right place because they’re just like the tunnels he saw in his dream. He shivers in the cold of this place, and grimaces at the smell; it’s sour, like decaying fruit. It’s unpleasant at best, and John is grateful for Redbeard, who is nuzzling his neck and making him feel more grounded.
When the liquid is finally transferred, Sherlock gestures for him to set the bottle down, so John carefully places it beside him. He hears a jingling sound, and when he looks up, Sherlock is carefully dropping a large handful of small, clear crystals into the urn. They’re no larger than small shards of broken glass, but they sparkle in the moonlight, refracting colors like prisms. The colorful light dances over the contours of Sherlock’s face, dipping into the hollows and ridges of his cheekbones and nose.
He walks forward, senses on high alert. He thinks he hears Sherlock’s voice, and his brow furrows – why would Sherlock be
They’re breathing the same air now, the two of them, and the twisting in Sherlock’s chest is beginning to solidify, spreading into warmth. Sherlock wants more, wants John’s air and John’s thoughts and
are uniquely capable of visiting. I believe his captor is holding him there before transferring him elsewhere.”
he did,” Sherlock says, looking to the side as he thinks for a split second before turning back to John. “John, a door doesn’t always take the form we expect it to. The lake was there, made from the same water you came through from the closet; it was the connection to this flat, the same way we had a connection when we used the urn to get there. He lied to you.”
“Remind me never to drink with you again. Your hangover moaning isn’t worth it,” John says, though he has to admit, it had been nice to drink with Sherlock, to see a more mellow and relaxed side of him. Sherlock intrigues John; he is mercurial, and it seems that just when John thinks he has a handle on exactly what Sherlock is like, Sherlock shows him something new.
- there’s no way you could have lost against Moriarty; it would have defied the magic of the wishes. Our fate has been sealed since long before you were born, and now, we’re here, finally. It’s brilliant, isn’t it? I couldn’t see it all until after we spoke on the roof – or the astral version of it, anyway, but now that I can see it, it’s just so
As he talks, the smoke gets thicker, and John finds himself urgently covering his nose and mouth to avoid the smell.
“A bit melodramatic, more like,” John mutters, but he stands up and goes over to the counter. “Figured you’d be hungover,” he says. “Made this this morning.”
She nods and stands. “Sometimes, there’s a lot you can do with your thoughts,” she tells him. She goes to her small kitchen, leaving John alone. John stares at the fire and tries to let go of the hopelessness of the situation and instead focus on her suggestion. He knows he’s dealing with a world he knows next to nothing about, and it’s part of what’s making him feel so hopeless in the first place; Sherlock’s with an enemy John doesn’t know how to fight, in a place John doesn’t know how to find, bound by rules John doesn’t know. He can’t just charge in and fight, but of course, neither can he run away, and he’s not sure what remains in between those two options for him to do.
He holds his breath and listens, his heart beating so loud in his ears he can barely make out the sounds he hears, but when he concentrates, he realizes that he hears very familiar voices. Before he even decides to do it, he’s throwing the duvet off of himself and standing on shaky legs clad in his own familiar, worn pajamas, adrenaline making up for his exhaustion and lack of strength.
“I think you should have some tea,” she tells him as she lights a fire in the fireplace across from the couch. “I’ll make some.”
worse, than if he’d angrily told John to listen to him next time, and John feels exposed under Sherlock’s watch. “I was so alone before I met you,” John tells him, his voice wavering. He doesn’t know why he’s telling him this now, and he stops and takes a deep breath, gathering resolve to continue. “For some reason, when you were gone, you seemed so far away again; it didn’t seem like I had any other choice. It seemed like he was all that was left for me. I don’t think I even realized the choice I was making.”
When he reaches the end of the hallway, there is a single wooden door. He stares at it for a moment, and when Redbeard’s head nudges his hand, he nods. Hand steady, he reaches out and opens the door. As he steps through it, he sees Moriarty, sitting on a throne-like chair in the center of a cavernous room. The floor is made of black and white marble tiles, and a large chandelier hangs from the ceiling; it is a desolate parody of a ballroom, eerie and depressing, especially since there is no sign of Sherlock.
“Yes,” Mycroft says. “You’ve visited one before. When you visited my home, for example, that was a different world than this one is.”
He opens his eyes a moment later, and he feels a flush of something like embarrassment wash over him. “Why are you looking at me like that?” he asks John. His heart is beating a little bit faster, but he ignores it, takes a sip of wine.
But now – his heart is beating a little quicker than normal as he stands and moves closer to Iris where she’s lying in her cradle in the living room. John’s in the shower, and she’d been sleeping when he left, but now she’s blinking, her little puckered mouth twisting into a yawn.
, John thinks, moisture leaking from his eyes as he pushes forward towards 221B. Trying to get there is like running against a river’s current, and his shirt is soaked with sweat. He moves ahead nonetheless, finally reaching the door, slamming his hand against it and panting with relief as the spirit disappears.
Sherlock winces. Mummy’s magic feels cold and makes his skin prickle like he’s been rolling in nettles rather than lying in the cool grass surrounded by flitterbys. He doesn’t want to go to Mummy; he wants to stay in the grass.   He feels the magic in the air, thinks of what he wants, and holds up his hand. Mummy’s Sonorus charm and her voice stop, and Sherlock doesn’t have to look to know that she is angry. He giggles in delight, and continues to play with the flitterbys,
, and he hasn’t felt this way in as long as he can remember, so he turns around and regards the strange man again.
John helps him up and herds him back out to the living room, hands lingering on him more than before, body so close that Sherlock feels like all his hair is standing on end. John settles him on the sofa, and makes sure his blankets are still securely around him, then kisses him again and goes to the kitchen for the takeaway menus. Sherlock pulls the blankets close and lays down, a smile he can’t control blooming on his face, sure he’s never smiled like this before. He curls towards the back of the sofa and holds his fingers out, makes soft lights and weaves his fingers in the patterns he’s known since he was a child. His smile grows as watches them, and he finds them beautiful.
that you were put on earth for me.” Sherlock swallows, and John feels sweat on his palms, feels his heart beating faster. “But I saw your loneliness, and I saw how little you cared to live. I saw you come to me, just like you did a few months ago, but it was different. You walked away from me, from my shop, and it was like the very fabric of the universe ripped. You were – you were different from anyone who had ever walked this earth, John, but you didn’t know it. You left and you gave up, and I had to change that. I couldn’t risk you not understanding how important you are, but I couldn’t grant my own wish, and I was desperate – once I saw you, I knew I couldn’t let anything happen to you. I needed you to live, so I came to Moriarty. He’s the only one who could grant my wish.”
. John takes his hand and brings it up to his mouth, kisses his knuckles. “In a bit,” John says. “It can wait. Rest a minute.”
Sherlock is playing the first Bruch concerto. He hasn’t played it in ages, and he’s been practicing the first movement all afternoon, reacquainting himself with the intricacies of the melody, relishing in the beauty and depth of Bruch’s writing, losing himself in the beauty of the piece, finding that, somehow, even with his long absence, his playing feels better than it ever has. His phrasing is more round, his sound with more variations and depth of expression, his technique more effortless than it’s ever been.
But the thoughts take merely a millisecond to race in and out of his mind, and he smiles, gains control, turns, and leaves before he can let them take root.
He comes back and Sherlock curls into his warmth again, already addicted to the feeling of John’s body against his, still marveling that he’s allowed to feel this, wondering if John will still want this in the days and weeks and months to come, but knowing that just this one moment is enough bliss to last him a lifetime.
John blinks and follows. Their pace is a brisk walk at first, but then they break into a run when the butterfly suddenly charges forward, and John feels exhilarated, chasing after this strange butterfly through the outskirts of London with Sherlock. They turn corner after corner and John’s sure this can’t even be London anymore, but then the butterfly finally settles on a fencepost outside a small house. John pants heavily and watches as the fabric wings rustle, and when Sherlock approaches the butterfly, it loses all form and falls into a regular handkerchief again, drifting onto Sherlock’s palm.
“Of course,” the chef says, and then Sherlock and John giggle and giggle while the chefs hurriedly assemble a basket heaping with treats, trying desperately to stop, but every time John and Sherlock look at each other, they can’t help but giggle again. Finally, though, the chefs hand them the basket, covered by a thin towel so they can’t see what’s inside. John takes it, but Sherlock shakes his head.
“Don’t be dull,” Sherlock says. “Of course I’m not; you know I don’t have time for things like that.”
They stare at each other for a moment, the air charged between them. John is panting in anger, leaning forward slightly, looking up at Sherlock through narrowed eyes, and Sherlock is staring at him in rapt attentiveness until suddenly, John looks away, his lip twitching, and then they’re giggling. Everything catches up to them and they’re overcome by laughter, their postures relaxing, their faces shifting into mirth, both of them laughing so hard they’re wiping tears from their eyes. Sherlock steps close to John and cups his cheek with his hand, then leans his head down and rests his forehead against John’s for just a moment as the last of their laughter leaves them. “John,” he murmurs. “It will be my privilege to grant your wonderfully clever wish, but first you need to save me.”
“Shh,” John says. “C’mon love, I know that was intense, come here.” John tugs on her and Sherlock doesn’t need any prompting; she rolls over and curls around John, buries her head in the crook of John’s neck, pushes one arm under John and the other around her waist, tangles their legs together. She closes her eyes and breathes, wills her body to stop trembling, is overwhelmed by the way her heart beats in her chest for John and only John, feels enchanted by the way John’s fingers run so gently through her curls, winding them around her fingers soothingly, playing with them, occasionally pressing a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head.
He swallows, his own lips twisting just a bit, sweat breaking out on his brow.  He doesn't know what to do.
“John,” Sherlock says reverently, letting his thumb sweep over the nub of John’s nipple again.  He rubs it back and forth, back and forth, with no specific intent, but just enough to feel the texture, firm and familiar, against the pad of his thumb.  Again, he presses a kiss to the skin of John’s chest, but he holds his mouth there for a moment, tasting John’s sleep-warm skin.  He shifts until he’s got a better angle and he trails kisses along John’s chest until his mouth is where his thumb once was.  The taste of John on his tongue is perfect, like a dream, and he gently kisses John’s nipple, caressing just as gently as the sun’s touch he’s just replaced.  Gently, hesitantly, he swirls around it with his tongue, and he shifts until his hips are on top of John’s, and he’s pleased to feel that John is hard beneath him.
“Yes,” she says as Sherlock watches, legs crossed and eyes now trained on John. Outside, rain begins to fall, the sound blending with the gentle scratching of the pendulum’s tip in the sand. “But you’re very worried, John, aren’t you? About the ghosts and spirits that follow you.”
Mary steps forward to look, but she stumbles over an extension cord on the ground. Files slide out of her grasp and land skewed on the floor, and she automatically reaches out for John to steady herself. Her hand wraps tight around his arm and he freezes, his own files falling to the floor as a sudden flash of a dark, cold, horrible, and desolate feeling washes over him. He grimaces, nausea rising in his stomach, and pushes her off his arm, shaking. She backs up, her eyes wide and a hand over her mouth, and he stumbles away from her, his shoulder slamming into the bookcase, and then it falls, though it’s secured to the wall with screws and supports. They snap and it comes crashing down, files tumbling out and the metal shelves sliding out of the structure, crushing him as they plummet to the floor, their jagged edges breaking into the soft skin of his back and trapping him.
Sherlock sighs. “Honestly, John, I don’t sulk, and I don’t sit here waiting for you to come home. I am quite busy. It’s obvious Mary went to Brighton alone because she’s estranged from her family and she has difficulty keeping friends. It’s not a hard leap to make.”
“I don’t understand why you have to come with me to meet Mary,” John tells Sherlock. His arms are folded across his chest, and his jaw is clenched. Redbeard is curled around his neck and pressing a kiss to the soft skin there, but John ignores him and his tickly presence to focus on Sherlock, who is his usual picture of nonchalance.
“No one is exempt from wishing, John, not even me,” Sherlock says. His voice shakes, and the smoke around him is getting thicker, covering his hands where they’re spread on either side of his body.
There’s a sound beside him and he turns. Moriarty is standing there, grinning. He looks like a child on Christmas.
at each other, and they smile. Sherlock thinks the way John’s short hair musses up against the pillow is breathtaking, thinks the way John’s eyes are half-lidded in the morning is remarkable. He hums in pleasure, lets his fingers drift up and down John’s spine, shifts his calf up and down alongside John’s.
John sits beside him and looks up at the elaborate chandelier for a moment, then turns to Sherlock with a crooked smile. “I don’t know,” he admits. “Something a bit more…moldy?”
A thin band of soft morning light peeks between the curtains and stretches across John’s torso, laying dormant across his forearm, dipping into the space between his arm and his chest, illuminating his right nipple but just brushing the edge of his left, disappearing into his armpit, and reappearing again right over Sherlock’s eyes where his head rests, nestled against John’s shoulder.  Sherlock is not annoyed by the light’s intrusion on his sleep, not when it rests so soft and tantalizing on John’s skin, a work of unintentionally erotic art.
Uncle Augustus gives him one last pat. “You’re welcome. Now if you don’t mind, there are some mince pies calling my name,” he says, smiling at Sherlock. “Don’t you worry; he’ll be right as rain,” he adds before turning away.
John feels a sob rise in his chest, and he watches as Sherlock pulls his arm back, taking deadly aim, before releasing it, a shower of golden sparks flying out from where the arrow would normally lie. John closes his eyes, braces himself, but before he can register what happens, Arthur steps in front of him, taking the arrow in the chest.
Sherlock shrugs. “Don’t be dull, John. Not everything. I’m not sure why you seem so upset, anyway. She seemed quite happy and got on well with Billy. After the initial conversation, we had such pleasant, mundane chatter about completely inconsequential topics that you must have been pleased. She touched your arm quite a few times, too, didn’t she?”
Baker Street up ahead. He longs to go inside the flat, to reach the door and send this spirit away. He breaks into a run, but the spirit on his back doesn’t like it. It tugs at him and tries to pull him back, but John fights. Suddenly, though, he feels a stabbing pain close to his neck where the tip of one of the spirit’s fangs has punctured his skin.
“Hey,” John says after a moment. Sherlock feels the rumble of his voice against his own chest and it’s heavenly.
,” he says, reaching around John and grabbing the tote bag for himself. John groans and Sherlock reaches inside, pulling out the skull.
“John, it’s – what you said–” He takes a deep breath, looks away for a moment, and makes himself start again. “I’m not very good at this, either. Talking. I’m sorry. You’re – I didn't think anyone would ever… I’m not used to having even a friend, let alone… let alone
He does his best to push down the rush of emotions, but when he sees the off-center doorknocker and feels the familiar doorknob under his hand, he finds himself swallowing hard, his hands shaking. He’d thought he’d never see it again; he’d thought he was flying to his death.
They turn the corner and Mary’s house is in front of them, a tiny one-person house with some cheery potted plants outside.  Sherlock walks right up the walkway and rings the doorbell.  John runs a hand over his face from where he stands beside him, hoping Sherlock doesn’t mortify him, but at the same time, knowing it’s inevitable.
, John! There’s nothing I can do!   We have to obey the laws of magic or it will be worse than it is now.”
Thanks so much for hanging in there with my long silence between updates.  Things got very busy in real life, and I also had a slight crisis about the ending of this story, which I've had planned and roughly written for quite some time and then changed around a bit.  But after this part, there should be only 3-4 more, depending on how I cut the parts for length, and I'll be posting them in a much more reliable manner, I promise!  The next part should be up within two weeks for sure.  Sorry for the slow update, but hopefully you'll enjoy it.  After this part, we'll be in for a wild ride until the finish! Thanks for reading!  :)
Sherlock seems surprised at the conversation change, but his smile widens, and he seems relieved. “Exactly,” he says.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice desperate. John is horrified when he sees a sheen of tears building in Sherlock’s eyes. “John, I’m sorry,” he says again. “I’m so sorry. I can’t-”
Sherlock flushes and lights the fire, ignores the way it blazes up a little too far for a moment before it settles. He pretends the warmth on his cheeks is from his beer.
“Yes, I have,” John replies, the seriousness of his situation settling over him once again. He pauses and tries to make himself look as reassuring as he can, knowing that her reactions tend to be strange and unpredictable. “You’ve been a huge help. Could I ask you for one more favor?”
“That night, the spell was broken for only one night,” John says.   “I don’t know how – I think you started to break the spell by taking care of me and promising to fix me and coming back for me after you went to sleep. But in order to permanently break the spell, someone needed to love me even though I looked like an ugly nutcracker. Then I could be human again.”
“Because I can’t be married to someone who doesn’t have my heart,” John says. The words come out in a heated rush, and he’s staring at Sherlock in an accusing manner that Sherlock can’t understand. “You’re a bloody
“John,” she says, a pleading vulnerability in her voice she hadn’t been expecting but can’t be embarrassed about.
John glances at him, and Moriarty grins widely and then winks, holding his hands in front of his face. He starts to move them in a complicated gesture that looks something like knitting without needles, and thread, the same as the strands of the web, appears between his fingers. As he weaves the strands in his hand, John watches in horror as the web around Sherlock starts to grow thicker, the strands multiplying. His heart starts to pound, and he reaches out to grab the web, but he’s startled suddenly when Redbeard leaps off his neck.
John is alone, and it’s very cold.  It’s no longer raining, but there isn’t any sky from which the rain could fall.  There’s no ground, either, and no scenery.  He’s in a void of grey.  His feet are standing on what appears to be a flat surface, but it’s just grey like everything around him.
“Can’t you deduce it, John? Haven’t you learned anything by now?” She means for her words to come out sarcastic, with a defensive edge, but they are somehow tender instead, and John smiles in response, bringing one hand up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock leans into the touch, sighs when John’s thumb strokes the pillowy softness of her lower lip.
Sherlock suddenly stands up and begins pacing, holding his hands behind his back. “I don’t know how much time we have here, John, and we’ve used a lot already,” Sherlock says. “The first time we met, I told you that your name and birthday combined with your birthmark created a pathway for spirits to find you.”
His heart starts beating fast and frantic in his chest and he looks around in alarm when he sees that there are mice coming out from the floorboards, and he feels himself start to tremble when he notices that he is only a tiny bit bigger than them, but suddenly, his nutcracker sits up all on his own. He holds his sword and grins at Sherlock with his strange painted-on mouth and expressionless eyes, and Sherlock’s eyes widen in disbelief.
“It’s just – she’s quite lovely and kind, and sometimes it seems like she’s interested, but other times, it really doesn’t,” John admits.  “But…it’s alright, really.  I mean, I’m obviously interested in her, but if she just wants to be friends…well, that’s alright, I suppose.”
Sherlock brings a hand to his forehead, closes his eyes. He waves his other hand in the air, not to do magic, but to gesticulate. “You were – the magic on you,” he says.
Of course she doesn’t understand what he says, but she is relieved when she’s caught her breath and he guides the bottle back to her mouth. Of course, she drinks greedily again, and this time when he smiles, he can feel his whole face twist upward with his mouth. It occurs to him that he’s alone with her, that John trusts him enough to leave them on their own. He doesn’t think anyone he’s ever met would trust him alone with a pet, let alone a baby.
As they get closer to the strange green and black mist ahead of them, he can hear voices, low murmurs that he can’t understand.  The girl is shivering but pulling insistently on his hand.  He stops, tugging her back.  “I don’t think-”
John sighs and closes his eyes. He clenches and unclenches his fist and takes a deep breath, then another, and then opens his eyes and nods in determination. He picks up his teacup with a steady hand and swallows down all of its tepid contents before bringing it to the kitchen sink. He stops, though, suddenly gripping the edge of the sink and closing his eyes, turning his head away, when he sees Sherlock’s discarded mug on the counter.
“Oh,” John says, wondering if perhaps there was something more to their relationship than he suspected. He frowns, wondering why that thought seems to bother him.
Sherlock blinks, looking anywhere but John. He feels uncomfortably self conscious and over-aware of every part of his body. John’s grip on his arm softens, and Sherlock’s heart is pounding.
John smiles, though it’s a bit weary. “I’ll be here,” he says. “I guess I should go home now, though.” He stands and stays still for a moment when he feels dizzy. Arthur reaches out to steady him, and John smiles in thanks.
“John,” Sherlock says in surprise. His voice is rough, and he realizes he’s had nothing to drink all day except for his morning tea and a glass of water. He blinks, unable to process John’s presence, not when his entire mind and body are still so wrapped up in the music; his body is stiff and achy and his brain feels as if it doesn’t exist. He swallows, his throat like sandpaper, his heart beating inexplicably fast. “I didn’t hear you come in,” he manages.
John comes to move in the next day. Sherlock has carefully tidied the sitting room, and has studiously ignored the strange anticipation building inside him since he met John the day before. He doesn’t know what to expect, or how to interact with John; he doesn't do well with people, generally, especially magical people, and he’s certain John will only stay a day or two and then decide he’s had enough.
Again, Sherlock feels flushed, caught out and unsure because of the way he’d been staring. He needs to get himself under control, he knows, but he’s having trouble. He clears his throat. “I needed the drawer,” he says.
“Sherlock,” John says, moments and facts shifting into something that makes sense in his mind and makes his body buzz with nervous energy. He wonders if this is what it’s like for Sherlock when he’s deducing. “You– everything you’ve done since you came back – no, since you bloody jumped, it’s been for me, hasn’t it? For my happiness. You care about me that much. You’re trying – you’re trying to make it up to me.”
“It takes a lot of energy for him to transform like that, so he doesn’t do it often,” Sherlock says. He gestures to the pillow on John’s chair, where Redbeard is curled up and sleeping. “He’ll rest for a while to recover. I told you he’s very special. Mycroft used to tell me I let him transform too much when I was little. It’s why he took him away.”
Mummy frowns. “He was right there,” she says. “I don’t – that’s odd. Daddy’s been downstairs reading all day; he didn’t take him out, either.”
“Cheers,” Mary says, holding out her glass. John clinks his against hers, and then Sherlock’s, but Sherlock makes no move to touch his glass to Mary’s. She doesn’t seem concerned.
“Correct,” Sherlock says, nodding. “But don’t be careless, John, you can still die if you’re stupid.”
“Thank you!” John calls to her, feeling helpless, and Sherlock takes him by the elbow and steers him away.
“Eternity?” John mumbles, but Sherlock rubs his hand on his back and shifts closer, his thigh pressing against John’s. John sighs and lets his hand fall from his face, lets his head drop to Sherlock’s shoulder and buries his face in it. He hears Mycroft leave, but he keeps his eyes closed, still trying to process what’s happening.
John laughs and leaves the little room, and Sherlock takes a moment to breathe, to settle himself, before he remembers that they’ll need somewhere to sit. He looks around frantically, unsure what to do, and then quickly creates a stone bench beside the pond, accidentally creating flowering vines crawling up its legs. He hadn’t meant to go that far. He must be tipsier than he realizes, he thinks.
John looks between Sherlock and the door, and he only pauses for a moment before he heads out, rushing down the steps. Something tells him to follow the man, even if he can’t tell him what Sherlock said.
, not specifically away from Sherlock, and he allows himself the indulgence of the thought as John leaves the apartment and Sherlock is left alone with Iris.
Sherlock wakes to Mummy stroking his hair, and he sniffles, turning away from her touch even though he wants the comfort. She’s a traitor, he thinks, letting Daddy take the nutcracker away like that. He doesn’t reply to her questions, pulls the covers higher over his head, and stays like that until she leaves him alone. Once the warmth of her hand is no longer stroking his back, he tells himself he doesn’t wish she had stayed.
“Alright?” John asks. He’s holding Sherlock’s face and tilting it down, and Sherlock’s eyes flicker over John’s face, eagerly taking it in from such a close distance.
John feels confused, and he’s not sure it’s the wine’s fault. “You know, at least 70% of the time when you speak, I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he confesses.
A disgruntled man passes them while he’s on his cell phone and gives them a dirty look, presumably for the noise, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. “He’s cheating on his wife with his secretary. Dull,” he says to John, loud enough for the man to hear, and John stops walking and turns his head to the side to laugh, caught and overcome by surprise, and Sherlock sneaks a glance at him and smiles, a small smile that he lets fade away when John turns back. Iris is still crying, and John grins at him then turns to Iris. “Alright, Love,” he says. “We’ll keep moving.”
Sherlock smiles into John’s shirt, relaxes against him further. “Good. It was cold,” he tells him again. “It hurt.”
He shakes his head and shoves his hands in his pockets, heading towards the Tesco he knows is nearby. He’s got plenty to think about, but his mind is drawn to the strangest, most mundane problems – he doesn’t even know what Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson like to eat or drink, or whether they prefer red or white wine. The whole situation is crazy, but he goes to Tesco nevertheless, letting the familiar actions of going to the grocery store soothe him, telling himself it won’t be a trip wasted if all of this turns out to be some crazy hallucination - after all, he can just bring the ingredients home and have a lovely dinner by himself.
The man arches an eyebrow again.  “Those in the spirit world,” he says.  “I thought you would be much more intelligent than this, to be honest.”
“Right, ta for your permission,” John says sarcastically. He turns to Billy, ignoring Sherlock for the moment. “He said you’re very sarcastic,” John tells him. Billy harrumphs in a way that John thinks sounds proud, and John turns back to Sherlock, who looks impatient that John made him wait while he talked to Billy.
John kisses him again, but gently this time.  He doesn’t lie on top of him yet, just leans over him from the side, and Sherlock reaches up for him, needing to feel him, needing that reassurance.
Sherlock and Billy go on a mysterious trip while John's left to hold down the fort at 221B with Mrs. Hudson and Redbeard.  While Sherlock's gone, John makes a new friend and catches a cold, and there are some unexpected consequences.
“I had mates,” John says. “We went out, got pissed, you know how it is. But it wasn’t…none of them knew who I actually was because I had to lie all the time. I think I was quite forgettable to them, to be honest. Just another bloke at the pub. It was a bit different in the army, but not by much.”
Sherlock blinks, staring at the pipe fox. He reaches out with a carefully guarded expression, holding his hand out towards John. The pipe fox bridges the gap and winds its way quickly and excitedly up Sherlock’s arm, squeaking over and over again as it goes, and Sherlock is smiling in a way John has never seen. Sherlock reaches up and takes the pipe fox in his hands, then holds it in front of him. Its tail curls reflexively around Sherlock’s wrist, and it cranes its neck towards Sherlock’s face, so Sherlock brings it closer and closes his eyes in laughter when the pipe fox presses little kisses on the tip of Sherlock’s nose.
“Let’s go show it to Himself, then, hmm?” John says to Redbeard, who is still making delighted squeaks. John stifles a yawn and then gets out of bed, pulling Redbeard out of the fabric and holding him in his other hand. Redbeard slithers up his arm and curls around his neck, pleased if the amount of squeaking and kissing he’s doing as John heads downstairs counts for anything. As John gets to the bottom of the stairs, he’s shocked by the pleasant smell that greets him.
“I know, love,” John says.  He pulls Sherlock closer, wraps his arms around him, kisses everywhere his lips can reach.  Sherlock can feel John’s cock – it’s hard and hot and leaking and he wants to help him, he wants to take care of it, but he can’t, not yet, not when his limbs feel like jelly and his heart is pounding in his ears.  He needs to be closer to John; he wants to dissolve into the pores of John’s skin, to crawl inside John’s body and never leave, to fuse together and never part.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Honestly, John, I don’t know why you’d even ask me that. I respect her talents as a fortuneteller. That’s all.”
“Er, you… you weren’t at Hogwarts, were you?” John asks, pulling him out of his analysis. “Only, we seem to be about the same age, and I’m sure I would have remembered you.”
“I do,” John says. He brushes his thumb against Sherlock’s cheekbone this time, and Sherlock doesn't mean to, but he leans into the touch, feels his eyes drift closed for just a moment.
After ten minutes that feel like torturous hours, he feels frustration welling inside him. He doesn’t
“Wait here,” Mycroft says, gesturing towards a couch in his expansive foyer. “I’ll be just a moment.”
Sherlock nods and gets them, along with John’s coat, and follows him down the stairs. He unfolds the pram which now sits next to the little table in the entry way like it’s been there forever, and when John sets her down, her face red and scrunched and her cries uncomfortably loud, Sherlock tucks the blankets around her and pulls her hat on, doing his best to ignore her screams even though they make him unpleasantly worried and on edge. He hands John his coat, and John looks at him for a moment before speaking. “Do you – aren’t you coming?”
, saying there must be something wrong, so he stops talking about it, but at night, he holds the little crown in his hands, and remembers what it was like to have his very own friend.
He wonders if Sherlock can really help him, if there can really be an end to this, when he hears a conversation nearby. It’s a girl, university age, talking to her friends.
John startles when Mrs. Hudson comes closer to him and holds out her hand, giving him a stern look. He frowns in confusion, but sees that she’s holding Redbeard. He sighs and holds up his hand, and Redbeard scurries over his fingers. He feels warm, and John is pleased to feel his familiar weight.
Sherlock blinks a few times, then sits up frantically, his eyes widening in horror when he sees that he’s clutching the nutcracker, wooden once more, in his arms.
John can’t help but think that this man looks debauched, smoking his long pipe, an array of black curls forming a halo around the bored expression on his face. John feels as though he’s intruding on something he’s not meant to see, but his body isn’t moving from where he stands, rooted just inside the open door.
And yet here he is, opening the door and going inside. He doesn’t know why this keeps happening to him, but his senses are on high alert again, trying to take in everything, and yet he can’t understand what’s happening.
Sherlock is distracted by how red John’s lips are, by how swollen they are, by the flush on his cheeks. He can’t stop focusing on John’s body against his, John’s chest, John’s thighs,
“Only a minute or two?” John asks, brow furrowed. “He’s really not far, then.” His body is already thrumming in anticipation, and he begins to wonder if this is going to be easier than he thought.
John nods, his eyes still closed.  He does his best to think about Sherlock, about the stupid git lying on the couch in his dressing gown smoking a pipe, about him looking up at the moon while sitting on the roof drinking wine, about the way the moonlight reflects off his features.  Slowly, the images of sand are replaced with images of stacks of books and the scent of gunpowder is replaced with the scent of Sherlock, of the sweet smoke from his pipe and the tea he likes to drink.
“Not yet,” Sherlock murmurs. “You must be tired, but I’m not done.” He reaches forward and runs his fingers through John’s hair, and John nearly whimpers at the sensation, so pleasant after how sick and terrified he’s felt all afternoon. He’s still shaking.
“I don’t practice a lot of magic,” Greg says, going back to their earlier topic. “Not in the way Sherlock does. But there are things I can do.”
“He did,” John said. “I usually eat lunch with Mary; she works at the clinic, too. We have staggered lunches there so we’re not all gone at once, and Mary and I are always on the same schedule. She must’ve been lonely eating by herself.”
“Hmm,” John says, drinking as he thinks back. “Nine, maybe. Anyway, I was walking home through the park one day and one of them popped out in front of me and I was running from it when this boy reached out and took my hand. He threw some salt over his shoulder and it distracted the hands, then he pulled me along to this little rock wall. For some reason, the hands couldn’t follow us there. He was the first person I ever met who could see them, too, and we sat there a while, talking about it.”
John is upstairs putting his things away in the second bedroom. (“If you’ll be needing it!” Mrs. Hudson had said with a giggle, causing John to immediately bluster out that of
One of Sherlock’s shoulders rises in a shrug, the smooth fabric of his suit shifting against his skin. He doesn’t break eye contact with the customer. “That depends on the wish. Something of equal value,” he says. His voice is silky.
Just when he’s beginning to give up hope, he sees something ahead. He can’t tell what it is, just that it’s not black. It looks grey from here, but as he gets closer, he sees that it’s white, an intricate web of thick white threads. It looks like a spider’s web, and there’s something – some
“I’ll be here,” Arthur says. “But if you don’t feel well, don’t come. I won’t be offended. You should rest.”
Sherlock is draped on the couch again, head turned towards the back of it and one arm dramatically over his face, the other hanging limply over the side of the couch, fingers trailing the floor. John’s jaw drops a little bit, wondering if perhaps in the twenty-four hours since he’d last seen him, Sherlock has fallen seriously ill. Being a doctor, he thinks he should examine him, but having met the man, it doesn’t seem like a reasonable idea.
“What? Art?” John asks, pleased at the feeling of Redbeard slithering up his sleeve, but too tired to shift his arm to make it easier for him.
“What were you expecting?” Sherlock asks, dropping inelegantly onto Mycroft’s overstuffed floral print couch, a bored expression on his face.
It’s odd to see Sherlock somewhere other than Baker Street, especially here, sitting stiffly atop a picnic blanket in the park. He stifles the urge to laugh and instead takes a bottle of wine out of the bag, and three glasses. He ignores the thought that it should only be two.
know Sherlock?” John asks. It’s rare, he thinks, to find someone who knows Sherlock and still manages to seem somehow
John’s body feels against him, or how everything inside of him has come to life, or how he aches for John, arching towards him like a magnet.
John rolls his eyes at the abruptness of the text even as the corner of his lip quirks into a small smile. He stands and tucks his phone into his pocket, trying to keep his bad shoulder as still as he can all the while. It feels as if knives are twisting inside his joint, and his breaths are coming sharper and faster than usual he tries to breathe through the pain, but he does his best to push it to the back of his mind and focus on something else.
“Anyway, perhaps we should have a small party, don’t you think, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asks, turning towards Mrs. Hudson.
When John is aware of himself again, he’s on the roof of Baker Street, sitting next to the urn. Sherlock is beside him, gripping his hand tightly, and in John’s other hand is the tube.
Hesitantly, Sherlock picks up his glass, the clink of it against John’s loud in the quiet of their table. He takes a sip, and the wine is sweet on his tongue, gentle and smooth. “That’s good,” he tells John.
John sighs, wondering why it feels normal for him to go out for the day with a madman and a skull for company.
The man startles for a moment, thrown off track by the question. “Twenty-nine,” he says, and John’s jaw drops when smoke immediately begins to leak from the man’s finger.
Distantly, he hears John enter the room while he’s playing, and he knows John is watching, but he doesn’t mind; John
“But nothing,” Sherlock interrupts. “Would you rather I didn’t tell her any of that and your entire relationship was built on falsehoods and half truths?”
, and he knows magic! He took me to his house and we ate sweets, and we beat the mouse king, Mummy, he had
John glances between them once, and then twice, and when neither of them looks away from the other, he stands up, his hands balled into fists at his sides, and turns on Sherlock.
He feels out of control, like his entire being has been reduced to the sharp pleasure of John’s mouth.  John hasn’t even moved yet, he’s just taken him in his mouth, and Sherlock is biting his lip, panting, gripping the armrests with all his strength.
, and John collapses on top of him, their bodies connected in a way that makes the very idea of any part of them
John sighs. “Right, sorry, Billy,” he says, sparing him a brief glance before going to the kitchen. He makes coffee and isn’t surprised when Sherlock follows him in, bringing Billy along, too.
Sherlock shakes his head. “He wasn’t. He’s dead, so his ability to connect to you is different from mine,” he says. “He must have sensed the change in the strength of your connection to other worlds and waited for you here, in a place familiar to you. Perhaps I’m subconsciously doing that; astral projection is not my specialty, but I do have abilities to manipulate the dimensions.”
has to make breakfast,” Sherlock says. Where there once would have been bite in his voice, there is now a feeble attempt at it; he sounds as if he's trying to make things the way they once were but falling short.
John rubs his forehead and grimaces; it’s much too early for this, and Sherlock is far too animated and focused. “You – where?”
He lets his tongue swirl around the nipple again, and then he nips at it, tugging just a bit with his teeth.  He’s pleased when John moans and spreads his legs beneath him, slotting their cocks together at a better angle.
suddenly that a stab of intense longing shoots through him. He wants Sherlock back more than he’s wanted anything in his life. It’s so unfair, he thinks, that he’s just learned to appreciate his life and the man who taught him how, the very same man he longs to share it with, is gone.
“Right,” John says. He looks down at the tube and wonders just what he’s getting himself into, and then twists it open, the metal sliding apart with a surprising amount of ease.
Suddenly, seemingly of their own volition, his feet go up the two small steps to the door, and it’s strange, the way his body is pulling him towards this building. His brow furrows in confusion and his mind is shouting to go away, go away, go
“I never even properly thanked you. I just moved on with Mary and expected you to fit right in, and here I was, grieving you, feeling so
“What the fuck, Sherlock?” John asks, his mood abruptly darkening. He’s seen spirits like these before; some are large masses of smoke with one eye and no mouth, some are colorful blob-like creatures with no eyes and a large mouth, some are flying, some are walking. He feels his heart start to beat faster and his palms begin to sweat. He’s never seen so many spirits in one place, and while they are walking away from them and up the hill rather than running towards John as they’re usually wont to do, it’s not exactly comforting.
“Sherlock!” he shouts as he rushes to the kitchen, fear clamoring at him, taking over his very being. The kitchen is empty, and so is the living room. The silence of the flat feels eerie and oppressive, and his vision blurs as he runs up the stairs to his room and throws open the door. Again, there’s no one inside. He rushes back downstairs, nearly stumbling over his own feet in his haste.
“Alright?” John asks. He doesn’t move his hand from Sherlock’s arm, and Sherlock’s heart is pounding, his brain miles behind it.
, and John doesn’t know what it is. It’s as if there’s a side of Sherlock he keeps locked away from John, and John doesn’t understand.
John frowns and pauses, turning towards the girl. There is nothing surrounding her; she’s free of spirits. There are plenty around, certainly, but none have even so much as looked in her direction.
Sherlock blinks again, taken aback. He doesn't know why everything John says and does manages to surprise him, but it does.
“Brilliant,” John says, unabashedly impressed. “Absolutely incredible. Thank you for bringing me here.”
“I’ve been waiting for you for a very long time,” Sherlock says. His voice is soft and deep, and John feels a shiver work its way down his spine, unable to look away from Sherlock. “I thought just a few months with you would be enough, but they weren’t. That’s why, when you were with Arthur, I went to Moriarty. I tried to change the terms of the wish, but of course, I couldn’t. When Moriarty came for me, I wasn’t – I didn’t know how hard it would be to leave,” he admits, shifting his head the tiniest bit against John’s hand, his eyes never leaving John’s. “But then, I never knew – I knew you were exceptional, John. I knew I had to know you. But I didn’t know it would feel like this. I never knew
“Obviously,” Sherlock says. He intends for it to be biting, but it’s breathy instead. John grins, and then they’re laughing again, and then they’re kissing
“It’s alright,” John murmurs.  He cards his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, brushes it off his forehead tenderly.  Sherlock blinks up at him, his heart beating fast at the way John is looking at him, the way John is touching him, the way John is treating him like he is something precious, like he is a gift.  He feels splayed open and raw, like he is nothing but his heart, like John can see every inch of him, like John can deduce him down to the very last pore.  It’s terrifying, but it’s exciting, exhilarating, and he swallows.
John’s stomach flutters and then they’re kissing again, faces already so close that they barely need to move to find each other. Their lips press together for a moment, slow and sweet, and John feels as if he’s cracking open, somehow, but it’s not unpleasant. In fact, it makes him shift closer, makes him open his mouth to Sherlock’s, makes his thumb smooth back and forth over Sherlock’s skin, makes his heart constrict in his chest.
Sherlock doesn’t think he can reply. He presses himself closer to John, feeling oddly vulnerable, but John only holds him closer.
“Thank you so much for your approval,” Sherlock says, sarcasm tinting his words. “But back on topic. Mary Morstan.”
Sherlock is lying still in a post-orgasmic haze, and his eyes shift to take in John, and then he breathes in, sharp, and turns, pushing John onto his back, lying on top of him, wrapping his limbs around him as tight as he can.  “John,” he manages, just barely able to talk.
Sherlock shakes his head gently. “Can’t you see? You’ve made the present world truth, John Hamish Watson.”
Just for a moment, John is bent over him, and Sherlock doesn’t breathe, he can’t, and he’s sure John can hear the way his heart is pounding in his chest, and he is relieved that his eyes are closed, that he doesn’t have to see John right now because he
“Lestrade’s never noticed it,” Sherlock says, eyeing him suspiciously even while his heart beats a little bit faster.
They kiss again, warm and gentle and sweet. It’s quite some time before they manage to call for the takeaway, and when it comes, John trots down the stairs to get it on his own two feet, and Sherlock watches him go with a smile.
Sherlock lays down on the couch and turns to face the back, frustration still bubbling inside him, mixed somehow with a sense of disappointment in himself he doesn’t understand. He wiggles his fingers in front of him, making faint lights dance above each of his fingertips, tracing patterns he’s made in secret since he was a child when he’s upset. There’s something soothing about the faint lights, the quiet magic, the pattern. When he hears John come in the room, he closes his fingers into a fist.
“He’ll come back,” John says out loud after a moment has passed in which he barely breathes; he needs to hear the words, have the reassurance. Redbeard squeaks and nuzzles his skin, and John nods. “He will.”
close, and he can tell Sherlock is, too. Sherlock’s making desperate breathy sounds beneath him, and then his leg tightens around John’s waist, and a helpless moan tears from Sherlock’s throat. John’s pleasure peaks and coils in his stomach when he hears it, when he sees the way Sherlock’s face contorts in ecstasy, mouth falling open, eyes squeezing shut as his head tilts back and he comes. It’s beautiful and it pulls John under, his body going taut, pleasure washing over him in waves as he collapses against Sherlock. Warmth surges between their bodies, Sherlock’s leg presses their groins together and John sees stars, isn’t aware of anything until he realizes he’s pressed his face into Sherlock’s neck, that he’s panting, that Sherlock is trembling.
Sherlock is too keyed up to sit opposite John in his own armchair, even though the remembered domesticity is pulling at him, so he remains standing, his hands clasped behind his back. “Furniture shop owner owed me a favor,” Sherlock says. It’s only partially true, but John doesn’t need to know that. “It seemed…appropriate. Is it too much?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “You know that my magic is restricted to granting wishes, for the most part, but I also have the rather unique ability to move through dimensions and help other people do so as well. Moriarty forced me to take us there and wait for you.”
Sherlock is expecting John to exit his cab in front of Baker Street at precisely 3:47 PM, but as is usually the case when babies are involved, some things can’t be predicted. It’s not until 4:04, after a full sixteen minutes of pacing, staring out the living room window down to the street below, and adjusting cushions
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, but his voice is different from when he’d responded to John.  He sounds stiff and formal, and he eyes her for a moment before turning to John, his face changing to a smile.  “That reminds me!” he says.  He reaches into his suit jacket and pulls out the feathered end of an arrow, broken off from the rest of it.  “The winning arrow,” he says.  He steps closer to John and drops the arrow into John’s trouser pocket.
John goes straight to Sherlock’s closet and opens the door. He ignores the immaculate suits and goes to the second door inside, opening it and fearlessly stepping through.
Their giggles fade, though, and Sherlock feels a strange buzz like panic washing over him in their wake. He lets his eyes flicker over this man again, blinking rapidly all the while. When he speaks, his voice is shaking. “You – you’re still military, but you’re a -
“About what?” John asks irritably, stopping to turn around in spite of himself.  He glances around him to see if people are looking at him strangely, but no one is, so he has to assume this man is not a ghost, but he can’t be sure.  He doesn’t seem particularly dangerous, but spirits can be deceiving, he knows.
“Don’t worry, John, I find the occult very interesting,” Mary says, reaching out and patting his arm. John can’t help but smile when she initiates the touch, and he feels a little rejuvenated. “Why do you have such an interest in it?” she asks.
John knows what it’s like to lose someone, and even what it’s like to lose someone to war, but he doesn’t know what it’s like to lose a child. He’s not sure what to say.
“Yes, that’s right,” Uncle Augustus says kindly. Carefully, he wraps his handkerchief around it, and ties it as tight as he can, then wraps it around again and ties it once more until the nutcracker’s arm is immobilized. “There,” he says. “That’ll do for now. Why don’t you set him under the tree, and I’ll take him back to fix him up when I come for Boxing Day?” He ruffles Sherlock’s hair again, then pats him on the shoulder. “I already fixed him once; it’s no trouble to do it again.”
“I know,” John assures him, then takes a long sip of wine. “It’s just – you know, everyone always has a bloody opinion about it, always has to put in their two bloody knuts about how it seems so strange a Healer has a leg he can’t fix.”
John looks down immediately, his heart beating faster again, and he watches as the reflection of the moon inches over the water’s surface.
the broken one. He’s the one whose life has been pulled out from underneath him twice, first with Sherlock, and now with Mary and the child that was never his from the start.
John’s silent for a moment, just staring, and their eyes are locked. John’s lips are pursed, his brow furrowed. Sherlock wishes he knew what he was thinking, but he can’t figure it out. “Christ, you – and I punched you in the face,” John finally says.
John follows, watching Sherlock with rapt curiosity. He hadn’t been sure what to expect when Sherlock said they were going out, and though he knew something normal like a restaurant was highly unlikely, this is a scenario he never could have imagined.
His words cause another flicker of doubt in John, but he realizes that he has something Moriarty doesn’t: his connection to the spirits. He can feel their anger at his words, their hatred of this man who has kept them in the forest for so long, and at the same time, he can feel their hesitance to attack him when they know he can give them things they desire.
He hasn’t meant to say so much, really he hasn’t, but he can’t take it back now, and he finds himself unable to look away from Sherlock, his words hanging heavy in the air between them.  Sherlock’s eyes had widened fractionally at John’s words, but they’re back to normal now.  Sherlock looks away for a moment, and John swallows, his eyes trained on Sherlock even though Sherlock’s not looking back at him.  Sherlock looks down at the ground, avoiding John’s gaze, and speaks.
Sherlock’s mind is still spinning, still curling around dark thoughts he doesn’t like to acknowledge, but John’s voice is so familiar and he’s wanted to hear it for so long that he finds himself uncurling just a bit, finds himself letting his legs straighten just a little until he’s not in such a tight ball, finds himself trying a little harder to come up to the surface and get out of the bleakness of his mind.
John sits up, a radiant smile on his face, but then immediately narrows in on Sherlock. “Oh Jesus,” he says.
Eventually, he turns to drugs instead. They don’t help, either, but he thinks if he can’t trust his own mind, he might as well let it relax once in a while.
Sherlock blinks, stumbles when John pushes him, but then realizes John is guiding him to the couch, and he sits when John manhandles him down, does nothing but blink when John sits beside him and shoves his head between his knees with a rough hand to the back of his neck.
John looks down at Sherlock’s hand, then back up at his face, his mouth slightly open and his eyebrows a bit higher than usual. “It’s fine,” he says, voice light in wonder and surprise as he realizes there’s no pain at all in his shoulder. His eyes, more open than usual under his raised brows, flicker over Sherlock’s face, taking in his pleased expression. “It’s – how did you-”
“The alternative was unacceptable,” Sherlock says stiffly. Before John can reply, Sherlock continues, clearly unwilling to visit the topic further. “Even so, it’s very dangerous, visiting the astral plane with your actual body, like you just did. The times you’ve visited before have been with just your mind, and that’s much safer; if you had strayed off the path with your body, you may not have been able to leave. It’s good that you had Redbeard there to help you.”
Sherlock feels trapped. “John,” he says. He feels an inexplicable urge to cry. “I don’t know what you’re saying.”
“A bit, yeah,” John says, eyes on Sherlock’s but attention on his neck. “Especially when there’s a furry snake inside my shirt.”
Sherlock can’t remember ever being at a loss for words like this, can’t remember ever being reduced to his physical needs like this, can’t remember ever feeling this desperate.  He’s on edge and needy and John presses a reassuring kiss to his bare hip, then looks up at him with a wicked smile and Sherlock’s breath hitches and his head falls back again as soon as he feels John’s tongue swirl around his cock, spreading a bead of pre-come around, then his mouth is back, hot and slick and perfect.
“I never believed you could ever feel the way I felt,” John continues. Sherlock feels as if the words are coming to him from a dream, and he opens his eyes to reassure himself this is real.
John considers how unassuming this man is, with his male pattern baldness, three piece suit, squinty eyes, and ornate umbrella, and wonders exactly who he’s dealing with.
Mycroft is staring at Mary with a strange expression of disgust on his face.  He steps forward, shoving between John and Sherlock, and stands directly in front of her, meeting her eyes for a moment.
John opens the door to 221B after a long day at work and, instead of shouting or giving in to his urge to just turn around and go back outside when he sees what Sherlock’s doing, he sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face and just stares at Sherlock, who is firing arrows into a very large pillow that’s now stuck to their wall, held in place by previously fired arrows.
.” He can’t make sense of the words that just came out of him, can’t imagine there’s any way John can, either. He feels frustrated, embarrassed.
The next day, the violin feels more familiar in his hands, and it feels more natural to tuck it under his chin. The weight of the bow feels more balanced, and his fingers feel a lot more accustomed to their hold on it.
Sherlock swallows. The sound is loud in the quiet bedroom, and John presses another soft, chaste kiss against his lips, strokes his cheek, lets their noses brush together. He thinks of the moonlight dancing over Sherlock’s face, of Sherlock smoking his pipe, of Sherlock’s pinky pressed against his around the handle of a lantern.
They go inside, and Sherlock is grateful Mrs. Hudson had strung up the hateful fairy lights on his mantle, and that he hadn’t torn them down in a fit of pique, because it makes his dreary flat seem a little more pleasant, a little more fitting of someone extraordinary like John crossing its threshold.
The skeleton, of course, doesn’t reply, and he makes no move to disengage his hand.  He just looks, feeling like his heart is ripped out of his chest, when he feels a tug on the ribbon in his hand
Sherlock stares at him a moment longer, and then he finally drops his hands and rests them on the table, lacing his fingers together. He smiles at John, a sincere smile that takes John by surprise. “It wasn’t a dream, John, not exactly. Lestrade really did visit you on the roof, but you didn’t go there. In that sense, you can call it a dream since you never left your bed, but it’s not a dream in the traditional sense since you were actually there with Lestrade.”
“You have been since the moment I met you,” Sherlock says. “Only I didn’t realize it until it was too late. I’m not…” He pauses, clears his throat, leans into John’s touch when John lets his thumbs mirror the motions of Sherlock’s on his cheekbones. “I’m not good at this sort of thing.” He feels undone and vulnerable, held up only by the feeling of John’s fingers on his head, even though he knows that’s physically impossible. He feels jittery and calm all at once, and he swallows nervously, taking in the way the bedside lamp casts small shadows over the expressive planes of John’s face.
Moriarty’s house, if it can be called one, is up ahead. It looks more like a fortress; it’s made of large gray stones, with a tall black door adorning the front, just like the one John had gone through to find the tunnels. John takes a deep breath and stands as tall as he can, his shoulders and back straight, and marches up to the door. He can feel that the spirits are with him, surrounding him on all sides, and for the first time in his life, he welcomes them; their presence brings him such heady relief that his heart feels too big for his body and he worries the emotion will overcome him.
Also, for those of you who are familiar with the xxxHOLiC series, my story progresses quite differently from xxxHOLiC canon from this point onward.  The ending of xxxHOLiC left me unsatisfied to say the least, so this story is my way to fix that.  I think you'll be surprised (and hopefully pleased) by my version of the ending! :)
“Yeah, alright,” John says, resigned, and Redbeard cranes up to peck his cheek with an appreciative kiss. “I’m quite used to him by now, anyway.”
, which he knows intimately, which he’s loved and cherished for years, the one constant in his life no matter where he’s been or what he’s done.
John’s still stroking his face, and for some inexplicable reason, it makes Sherlock’s emotions rise to the surface, and he closes his eyes, his breath leaving him in a shaky exhale. John shifts again and kisses him, soft and gentle. Their chests brush and Sherlock’s mouth opens into the kiss, John’s breath warm and humid against his lips.
He opens his eyes and looks at John, and John is watching him with a tender smile, an openness to his face that doesn’t change when he sees that Sherlock sees him. Sherlock sets down his violin, his hands calm and sure, and when he looks up again, John is there, standing before him, reaching up to caress his face. Sherlock leans into the touch, lets his hand settle on John’s waist, and kisses him, sweet and pure and tender. “Good morning,” he murmurs afterward, music sweeping through his veins, warmth spreading through him.
So, John grabs his jacket and tugs it on, the little pipe fox curled around his neck all the while, and bounds down the stairs after Sherlock as he calls out a quick goodbye to Billy.
“This is a shop for granting wishes,” Sherlock tells the man, gesturing for him to sit down. He does, in one of the armchairs, and Sherlock sits opposite him on the couch.
Sherlock tilts his head and closes his eyes. He moves his hand, thinks about John’s magical signature, weaves it into the wards. The gold of John’s magic makes the cold, steely ward magic glisten a bit, as if it’s grown warm somehow, and he takes a moment to let it sink together, let the magic weave together and settle. A moment later he opens his eyes, and John is staring at him with a look on his face that Sherlock doesn’t know how to interpret, so he looks away, his stomach fluttering.
“Honestly, John, it was quite good, but I don’t know if it’s worth waiting nearly twenty-four hours. Maybe next time you should be a little quicker about it,” Sherlock says after dinner.
forest, and I command you –” He pauses, his serious expression morphing into a grin as he winks at John before almost instantly, as if the moment never happened at all, his face turns thunderous again, save for the spark of sadistic merriment in his eyes, which never leave John’s. “Attack this man!”
Still panting, boneless with pleasure, he shifts onto his side, tugging Sherlock along with him. Sherlock follows willingly, his long limbs wrapping around John immediately. Sherlock kisses him, soft and sweet and uncoordinated. He’s still trembling. John runs his fingers up and down Sherlock’s back and pulls away, swallowing shakily, his heart still pounding.
“That was…remiss of me.  I’m surprised to find that you…that you care about me.”  His words are measured, and he clears his throat uncomfortably.  “In my work, there is no room for caring.  This is an unusual situation.”  He stops speaking, and John’s heart is pounding again.  He’s just about to reply, to say something he’s sure will be monumentally stupid, but Sherlock suddenly looks up, his brow furrowed.  “But I’m here now, and so are you.  We’re both alive, aren’t we?”
John’s staring at the lantern, trying to process all that’s just happened, when Sherlock comes back. Sherlock’s wrapped in his dressing gown again, holding his pipe in one hand. Redbeard is draped across the other, squeaking a bit more than usual and craning his neck towards John. Sherlock holds his hand out and John absently mirrors the move, watching as Redbeard bridges the distance between them and contentedly curls around John’s wrist.
A few hours later and John has showered, completed the crossword, and cleaned the kitchen, and he’s left with a chilly but clear Sunday to himself. As Sherlock had promised, the spirits don’t seem to bother him as much these days, so he feels comfortable going out for a walk, maybe going to the park and then the grocery store.
“Boring,” Sherlock murmurs. He leans forward and gestures towards the man’s ring, which John realizes now is a bit dirty and cracked. “If you work in forensics, you should have a few brain cells lurking about in there. Use them to figure out your bad habit.”
John swallows, his throat dry, and resists the temptation to look up at Sherlock. Instead, he focuses on the surface of the water, watches as the silvery reflection of the moon shifts over it, watches as the water crests in iridescent waves, watches until finally the moon overtakes the entire surface, and then, he is gone.
“You don’t use owls very often,” Sherlock points out shrewdly. “In fact, I’ve never seen you use owl post.”
“You’ll have to get the door,” Sherlock says, the urn tucked under one arm and the bottle of whatever-it-is held in the other.
“So why didn’t he just do – whatever he does and get there some other way?” John asks.  His palms feel sweaty and he’s not sure why.
John stops him by shifting his hand, pressing his thumb over Sherlock’s lips. They’re soft and moist under his skin, and his heart pounds more. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at him. There is something wild and scared in Sherlock’s eyes, but they’re flickering rapidly over John’s face, looking for some kind of clue.
“Is the mantle really alright for you?” John asks Billy as he sets him down. “Would you rather the table or the bookshelf or something? Must be rough, not being able to move once you’ve been put down somewhere.”
“Do you think I'm forgettable?” John asks in lieu of a proper answer. He keeps his voice light, teasing, but somehow, he’s desperate to hear the answer.
Sherlock flushes, and John’s smile widens. “I have no idea why he would keep this. It’s old trash, nothing more,” Sherlock says disdainfully. He stands, bandana still in hand, and John hastily sets his coffee down, standing up to intercept him.
“It’s alright,” John says again. “You came all the way to St. Mungo’s for me. I wanted to make sure you were okay.” He pauses for a moment, then says, “You have wards down here? No magic?”
Sherlock nods, looking everywhere but John. The living room suddenly seems too big, the quiet too loud, the lights from outside too bright. He clears his throat. “John,” he says. He looks up, and John is watching him with something like determination on his face.
he is spent, and he falls bonelessly back to the chair, his chest heaving as he tries to breathe and come down from what was possibly the most intense orgasm he has ever had. John is running his hands up and down his thighs and Sherlock can’t pick up his head but he manages to grab onto John’s hands, stilling them, and John squeezes, sweeping his thumb soothingly along Sherlock’s skin.
John stares for a moment and pauses just inside the doorway, his brow furrowing in confusion, before shaking his head and going straight to his chair, sinking into it gratefully. “Have you just been sitting there waiting for me to come home?” he asks, his hand immediately finding his shoulder again and massaging it. He can’t help the twinge of pain that clouds his expression, but if Sherlock sees it, he doesn’t comment.
Sherlock manages a small, soft smile. He closes his eyes again, though, and his smile fades. “I don’t know how to do this,” he admits. “I never thought you-”
, let alone these fragmented sentences, but all of the things he’s locked away are coming to the surface and he can’t handle it, not with John here, perfect kind wonderful John who
“That’s it,” John says. “Fuck, that’s it. You’re gorgeous, Sherlock, gorgeous. Keep going, pull your pajamas down now.”
, and Sherlock can only stare back at him, entranced. His fingers itch to coax more melodies out of his violin, to translate what he feels into sound because suddenly that language is a part of him again, singing inside of him, and he doesn’t know if he has words for this. Instead, he forces himself to turn away from John, from the facial expression he can’t parse right now, and he puts his violin in the case, cleaning it carefully, loosening his bow, putting it inside, his hands shaking as he goes through the familiar ritual, his mind buzzing.
Sherlock snorts. “Don’t be dull, John, of course you understand. You just don’t want to think about it.”
“Tell her when you return to your body. She’ll know where to find him, and you won’t have to waste your energy on it. You’ll cross the forest on the way, the one we crossed on the way to Mycroft’s. It’s a different section of the forest, but it’s similar. Do you remember the way it felt in the woods, John?”
Sherlock is watching one of Daddy’s coworkers smile at Mummy’s friend Miss Olivia in a way that makes Sherlock wrinkle his nose, but he’s curious about the way they’re acting and so he watches for a moment, when suddenly, he hears someone shout, “I made it!”
“We’re here,” Sherlock says. He’s scowling, and he glares at the house up ahead as if it’s personally wronged him somehow.
Sherlock stops playing, but keeps his violin and bow at his side, a sort of armor against his own uncertainty in conversations of this nature. He’s unsure how to proceed; John usually follows his deductions with
Sherlock’s breath hitches. His eyes, half-lidded and warm, flicker to John’s lips and back up to his eyes. He takes John’s free hand in his own and holds it against his cheek for a moment, turns his head, kisses his palm. John shifts his hand and weaves his fingers into Sherlock’s, and Sherlock holds their hands there, against his cheek.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, I think you do. Come on, then. We’ll see the one I consult. Ah, and we’ll need to bring something…perhaps some wine,” he says.
“Right,” John says. “But how the bloody fuck do I have those cigarettes? It was a dream, right? I never left my bed.”
“Good,” John says. And then he smiles, and reaches out his hand. A bird comes to him, and Sherlock frowns.
“And what are we thinking about this morning?” John asks. There is an amused glint in her eyes, and Sherlock flushes.
“Calm down?” John repeats, breathing heavily through his nose, glaring at Mycroft. “How am I supposed to bloody–”
Sherlock herds John into the kitchen, so John goes back to the abandoned, half-filled teapot and continues to fill it.
John remembers that visit so clearly he can almost feel the water drying on his skin, can see Sherlock turn to smile at him while they’re laying in the grass, can feel the branches crunching under his feet as he runs through the forest with Sherlock. His determination settles further: he needs Sherlock back and he will do whatever it takes.   “Right. Okay,” he says.
“Yes, of course. Everything requires payment, John. I’ve told you this. There’s a delicate balance that must be maintained. Now your work here will not only cover the granting of your wish, but also today’s services.”
“Consequences,” Sherlock repeats. He stands, at least a full head taller than John, his eyes narrowing, and he taps the side of John’s jaw with the index finger of his free hand, his finger just barely ghosting John’s skin but making John nonetheless swallow hard, feeling trapped. “Grave injury,” Sherlock adds, voice low.
“It’s only thanks to you,” John murmurs, overcome. His eyes flicker over Sherlock’s face, taking in his half-lidded eyes, the planes of his angular cheeks, his lips, flushed and parted. He swallows, his throat dry, their faces closer together than they’ve ever been. They’ve come so far, he thinks, and yet they haven’t done
The door is a deep, matte black, carved with decorative filigree. At first, the markings look like ivy, but when he looks closer, he can see that there are spiders depicted within it, and he shivers. The door is ominous, but he has no choice.
and then John’s foot falls, his back to Sherlock, one step taken away from him, and it’s one step too many.
John laughs. It’s shaky and strange. “Of course I shouldn’t go, you bloody idiot,” he says. It sounds like a scolding.
“I meant when you were a child,” John says pointedly, trying to steer the conversation away from the abstract.
Molly smiles as she watches them, but it’s a bit sad, which makes John frown a bit. “Anyway, that’s pretty much all you wanted to know, isn’t it?” She pulls her hand away from the instrument, and John does the same.
“John,” Sherlock says again, and oh god, he hadn’t meant to speak. His voice is raw again. He hadn’t meant to, he really hadn’t, but he’s losing control fast. “John, you should – you should go,” he says, but he squeezes his eyes closed because he doesn’t mean it, he
“Different circumstances call for different communication styles,” Sherlock says. “I prefer to text, though. As much as Wizards like to believe Muggles are incompetent idiots, they do generally notice owls flying about central London in the middle of the day.”
today,” he spits. “She said no. That’s fine; you’d have been disappointed in the end. You didn't finish your curry at lunch because you spilled most of it on your lap. Your afternoon patient was –”
“They live in the spirit world, too,” Sherlock says. “They’re still alive, but they’re dreadfully boring; I don’t like to visit them. They don’t approve of me living down here all the time, anyway.”
“It’s alright,” Billy says from the tote bag.  John jumps in shock; he’d forgotten Billy was with him.  “Let her help you.”
“I love you,” Sherlock murmurs, though he feels the words aren’t enough to express what he feels, to impress upon John exactly how much he means them, to give voice to the certainty inside of him that he would be nothing without John, that the world would cease to exist if John weren’t here. “
John’s ready to meet Mary ten minutes early. He’s waiting impatiently in the living room, glaring at Billy as he stands in front of the mantle, occasionally adjusting his shirt or his trousers or his hair.
When Molly picks up, he feels his shoulders sag in relief.  “Molly, it’s John, we met-” John says.  He’s surprised at how steady his voice is, that he’s managing not to panic.
John smiles and steps forward to walk beside her. “Did you get here early, then?” he asks, ignoring Sherlock and letting him trail behind.
“Here?” John asks, out of breath from running, still trying to absorb the fact that Sherlock’s handkerchief just became a butterfly and is now a handkerchief again. “Isn’t this just a house?”
Sherlock hastily swallows his mouthful of meringue and lets Mummy turn him around, and dutifully holds his arms out to the sides as she aggressively rubs the dust and flour, souvenirs from his little hiding spot, off his back.
Eventually, he finds himself in Trafalgar Square, standing in front of a giant Christmas tree. He looks up at it and thinks about John, then closes his eyes, and thinks for the millionth time in his life that there must be something profoundly wrong with him, something defective that makes him have this strange false memory, something even
John ducks down and swirls her tongue around Sherlock’s nipple once more, then kisses her way down the center of Sherlock’s stomach, open mouthed and wet, and she reaches down and cups Sherlock in her hand, swirls her thumb against her clit through the thin material of Sherlock’s pajamas, and Sherlock throws her head back in pleasure, her hands curling into the bedsheets, her legs kicking out. She can feel dampness seeping through the thin fabric where John’s thumb is still moving back and forth, gently, and John swirls her tongue around Sherlock’s belly button, making Sherlock shiver. Sherlock brings her hands up to grip herown  hair, feeling as if her nerve endings are on fire already, as if there is too much pleasure building inside of her for her to understand.
Sherlock smiles. It’s soft and a bit sad. “Because you chose her, John. You make the world you live in.”
Sherlock smiles. “You’re certainly a quick learner,” he says, and John can’t help but think that a word of approval from this man is heavy, important. “But as I’ve told you, I’m not your enemy.”
John curls his own fingers tightly around Sherlock’s. He thinks of holding the handle of a lantern with him, Sherlock’s face lit by its warm and ethereal glow, surrounded by spirits and magic. He thinks of Sherlock turning a red handkerchief into a butterfly and taking him to see Molly, of running through the streets of London with him. He thinks of sitting side by side with him at Angelo’s, of the way he smiles at Redbeard. He doesn’t want to give that up; he
“I was bored,” Sherlock says with a shrug and a smile.  He seems pleased to have startled John.  There’s a small tote bag slung over his shoulder, and it shifts as he shrugs.  “Mary’s not home, then?”
They pull apart, and their eyes meet, and they smile, lips curving, cheeks flushed, and then they’re kissing again. Sherlock lets his free hand curl around John’s waist, their lips gently chasing each other’s, parting and then coming together again, gentle and yet earth-shattering, beautiful and warm and magical.
John coughs again, and he feels panic rise in him when the coughing won’t stop, but he’s relieved to feel the familiar warmth of Sherlock’s hand on his back, and to smell his soothing scent. He closes his eyes and lets his head fall forward onto Sherlock’s shoulder.
John snorts. He’s not surprised, and neither is he offended. “Anyway,” he continues after a moment. “Why is it so obvious Mary went to Brighton by herself? Are you keeping tabs on her?”
Sherlock blinks in shock, then shakes his head, confused. “You – John, I don’t deserve you, I’ll never deserve you, you are-”
Sherlock opens his eyes, sees John in front of him. He swallows. “John,” he says. His voice is low. “I don’t know how to – I want you to be happy, John. But you must know that I can’t – I don’t know how–”
“Actually, if you’re still looking for a flatmate, John is, too,” Mike says. His voice is hesitant, a bit nervous, but there’s a typical undertone of warmth and hope. “He’s a bit… a bit tired of magical society, to be honest, and can’t afford rent on his own, so it seemed like a good match to set him up here with you.”
Sherlock turns his back on John and pours a cup of coffee, then goes to the table but doesn’t sit down. “This coffee for that,” Sherlock says, gesturing towards the bandana with his head and holding the coffee protectively close to his body with two hands.
“Hmm,” Sherlock says thoughtfully. He appears to think deeply about it for a moment, then he removes his jacket and unbuttons his sleeves. He rolls them up a bit and skews the collar he’d just perfected. “How’s that? Effortlessly ruffled? Good for an evening in the park?”
“Shall we have a drink?” John says. “I can’t summon our drinks in here, can I? How do the wards work? If I leave, can I get back in?”
John snorts. “Right, okay,” he says, unfazed by Sherlock’s dismissal of the topic. He turns towards Sherlock, thinking back to the tunnels. “When Moriarty took you away from me there, in the tunnels –” He pauses, the panic that had overtaken him in the tunnels flashing back to him as he thinks about it. He clears his throat, his hand clenching around his fork. “He took you back to his house?”
Mary’s looking at him with a flat stare he doesn’t like. “What?” John asks. “He’s just a harmless old man.”
Angelo nods as he begins to clean some dishes.  “You wouldn’t be able to see this shop if you weren’t,” he says.  “And…you’re a friend of Sherlock’s, aren’t you?”
it is because there’s no way he could have ever imagined the tantalizingly sharp pleasure of John’s bare chest sliding against his, of John’s mouth trailing down his throat, of lying down on his bed while John crawls up his body with a look in his eyes that makes Sherlock’s heart beat high and fast in his chest. There’s no way he could have imagined the way his hands grip John’s back with desperation, or the
Sherlock turns and walks away from Mycroft’s door, back towards the forest, and John looks back and forth between them for a moment, taking in Sherlock’s increasingly distant back and Mycroft’s obnoxiously amused countenance, then nods in Mycroft’s general direction and jogs to catch up with Sherlock, leaving Mycroft’s house without a second glance in his direction.
Sherlock nods, heart clenching. “I – it’s hard for me to believe it’s really happening,” he admits, making him feel vulnerable, exposed, raw, but somehow, he thinks that’s okay.
John stares in shock, his mouth partly open, unable to believe what he sees.  Time seems to slow as he watches the woman’s hand retreat from Sherlock’s body.  The cupcake looks exactly as it had when John made it, but it’s glowing slightly, and does not seem entirely corporeal.  As soon as she holds it, though, Sherlock slumps forwards and slides gracelessly off the swing.  John’s shock lasts just a moment longer before his body jolts into action.  He runs over, ignoring Billy’s cries to bring him along in his haste to get to Sherlock’s side.  When he gets there, he reaches down and rolls Sherlock over so his face isn’t in the dirt, and looks up at the woman, his hands secure on Sherlock’s body.
“We’ll be going, then,” Sherlock says. John looks up at the sound of his voice, pushing thoughts of the tube to the background for the time being. “Hopefully we won’t see you again anytime soon, Mycroft.”
John stands in front of him and casts another warming spell on him, and Sherlock feels his shoulders relax as it trickles over him, warm like sunlight, gentle like a breeze. He feels something soft on his face, and he opens his eyes, sees John gently dabbing the sweat off his brow with his handkerchief. He watches, keeps his tired eyes on John, who’s standing in front of him without a cane, and can’t help but think how long it’s been since anyone’s taken care of him, how cold and miserable he still feels, how the darkness of that curse felt. The darkness is still lingering in the corners of his mind, cloying and nauseating. He feels uncharacteristic pressure in his sinuses, and John starts to get blurry. He closes his eyes, feels his brow twitch upwards involuntarily, feels his lips twist.
Sherlock glances at him, realizing John’s not going to let this go. Sure that John’s going to leave, Sherlock resigns himself to telling the truth. “My relationship to magic is… different,” he says.
And suddenly, just like that, he feels a jolt deep inside of him, and he stumbles, blinking in confusion and disorientation. He’s standing, nowhere near a couch or a fire, and he’s not in a cottage, and there is no harp. He’s on the roof of 221B, and he thinks this must be a dream again, that he’ll meet Greg here. He steps forward, though, and his jaw drops when he sees the person in front of him.
When they step inside, a woman is sitting in an armchair reading a magazine. She looks up in surprise, her delicate features illuminated by the sunlight streaming in the window. “Oh,” she says. “You’re here for a reading?”
John closes his eyes and takes a trembling breath. He remembers lying in bed only the day before, Sherlock asking him what his choice is, Sherlock’s hand on his face, Sherlock looking at him with such a sad smile. Sherlock was saying goodbye. Sherlock was deciding this for him.
The situation is surreal and John feels a sense of panic rise within him. He resists the urge to breathe and keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock’s, which are squinting in joy. It helps to ground him, and he watches as Sherlock’s hair swirls around his face, as the collar of his shirt drifts weightlessly up his long, pale neck, as his grin widens, and some of his panic recedes. He knows Sherlock won’t let him drown here. Sherlock releases one of John’s hands and points to the surface, then turns away to swim upward with one arm, the other tight around John’s wrist to lead him.
trouble getting through such a small space with his absurdly long limbs, but he’s like a graceful swan, much to John’s chagrin. He’s already eyeing the window with narrowed eyes, thinking about the logistics of getting himself through the small space without jostling his shoulder.
When they get back to 221B, Mycroft is sitting in their living room.  He doesn’t say anything when they enter; just reads the stony silence between them and manages to raise one eyebrow in a look of condescension, which makes John angry enough to not make him a cup of tea when he puts on his own.  John is cold and shivering in his clothes, but Sherlock claims the first shower, leaving John to deal with Mycroft.
John falters for a moment, surprised at how much she already knows, but pushes that aside.  “Baker Street?” John asks.  “But–”
Before John can respond, he hears the shower shut off, and his heart speeds up for a moment, thinking of Sherlock and all he’s done, when John had done nothing but accuse him of being lazy in response.  He swallows and stands, going to the kitchen, preparing another cup of tea.  Mycroft is silent in the living room, and John is glad.  His hands are shaking as he puts the water on, the events of the day catching up to him.
Sherlock furrows his brow. “Er – it’s Kent,” he says. He wonders if he should have paid attention in geography after all because he wants to answer all of John’s questions.
“Oh,” Sherlock says, blinking for a moment. His eyes go unfocused somewhere to the right of John’s shoulder, and it looks as if his brain is rewinding through the conversation, and John grins as he watches. “Right,” Sherlock continues. “Now it’s a form of purified water, in a sense. Purified by magic, connected by its very essence to another place in which this water exists.”
“How do you use it?” John asks, intrigued by the mention of Sherlock’s past as well as the tube in his hands.
John just stares at him and opens his umbrella as Mycroft appears beside them.  When he looks behind him, of course there is no door.
“Shop?” John repeats, looking around again. All he sees is a mess; a living room full of extravagant pillows and chairs, books and papers on every available surface, the air thick with smoke and dust, a kitchen with a chemistry set upon the table and various bowls and measuring tools strewn haphazardly about. It doesn’t look like a shop at all; there’s certainly nothing worth selling inside of it.
Greg smiles and looks out over the lights of London. “You couldn’t be further from the truth, John,” he says, and then turns to smile at him. “Anyway, I think I’ll be able to help you at some point,” he adds. “I’m not sure how, exactly. I just know it will happen.”
“Sherlock,” he breathes desperately against Sherlock’s lips as they separate from the kiss, sparks of pleasure making his toes curl, making it feel like his insides are on fire. He’s close,
John laughs, though it’s humorless. “I’m not gonna die, Sherlock. I’m just keeping an old man company.”
John is staring back at him from under his umbrella, an expression of confusion on his face. Sherlock is panting. He leans forward and puts his hands on his knees, but he keeps his head tilted up to look at John. Their eyes are locked even with the cars passing between them, and Sherlock isn’t in control of his expression – he can’t be anymore, and he hopes it’s not too damning.
“Worth a life and death situation, don’t you think?” Sherlock asks, pulling a lighter out of his pocket and lighting his pipe.
It seems so simple now, though it was anything but, and John frowns in thought, eating more of his chicken. “And Greg?” he asks, suddenly remembering Sherlock telling him that Greg was dead.
He takes the steps slowly, blinking fast as he attempts to slow his mind and tries again to put a dam around the flood of emotions inside of him. He gets to the top of the stairs and opens the door with a shaking hand, though he keeps his back straight and shoulders back, knowing that if he allows himself even a moment of relaxation, he’ll break. He knows his resolve is wearing thin, that the ball of emotion in his stomach could surface at any moment. He wants to go straight to his bed and forget any of this has happened. He keeps his head down but jerks in surprise when he hears a voice.
He’s just mulling over what to bring home – curry?  kebabs? – when he stops dead in his tracks.  He’s not sure where it’s coming from, but he smells the most delicious Italian food he’s ever smelled.  He feels himself salivating and his stomach rumbles at just the scent.  Basil, oregano, tomatoes, spices – it’s warm and comforting, and without even thinking about it, he follows the smell, rounding a few corners and turning down a narrow, deserted street, and then he frowns.
Sherlock ignores him and goes further inside the room, breathing heavily, hands on his hips. His eyes continue to scan over John, and then he makes an exasperated sound. “A concussion? That’s all?”
“Yeah, I know,” John says with a fond roll of his eyes. “Um… a while back now, you said the curse in my leg looks like a knot.”
“Oh, piss off,” John says, but he’s still smiling, and Sherlock feels pleased, supremely so, to see him this way.   He takes the glasses down, still feeling like he’s on the edge of something he doesn't understand, but he sets them down on the counter and watches as John fills them.
Mycroft rolls his eyes.  “Don’t bother trying to push your morals on me, John,” he says.  “I don’t care for the affairs of humans.  I never have and never will.  It’s a path that leads nowhere.”
Sherlock complies. John gets the distinct feeling Sherlock would comply with anything he asked. He doesn’t understand. Sherlock’s looking at him plaintively. He looks
When John comes home, Sherlock is curled up on the couch, facing the back, trying to tune out the world. He feels like is skin is crawling, like his heart is twisting itself inside out, like he doesn’t fit inside his body. He’d been fine that morning, hopeful, even, after he played his violin, but afterward, he hadn’t been able to focus on the inconsequential mold experiment, nor had he cared about reading his emails.
John glances down at the fast traffic below, but follows nonetheless, laughing a bit as he settles in beside Sherlock on the roof.
“Go on, Sherlock,” Mummy says. “Put your nutcracker under the tree. He’ll need a rest, don’t you think?”
“Yes, alright,” Sherlock says. “I can take it from here. Why don’t you and Billy go down and watch some telly, or whatever it is you do when you’re not here.” His words are sharp and dismissive, a strange contrast to the soft touch of his fingers on John’s head, and John grimaces slightly.
“I know,” John says, his voice rough and breathless, then kisses the bases of his cock again.  “Want it to be good for you.”
He’s interrupted when the server comes back, and John orders them a bottle of wine without asking Sherlock if he’d like to drink. Sherlock is grateful.
He hears Mummy calling him inside for lunch, but a few more flitterby moths have joined the one he’s watching, and they’re beautiful, their orange wings glimmering in the midday sun, their magic warm and soothing like a wooly blanket, so he ignores her. She shouts again, and then uses a Sonorus charm.
“I should think you’d be pleased to have this back in your possession,” Mycroft says, gesturing towards the tube.
“What do you think of this?” John asks. He’s sitting on his chair, and he gestures towards the telly with a bottle of beer.
He trudges up the steps and startles when he hears a high pitched ringing sound coming from his flat. The door swings open and Mrs. Hudson pops her head out. “Hello, dear, I was just cleaning up for you a bit – I’m not your housekeeper, mind – and your phone started ringing, it must be Sherlock, I think. Oh you
There’s no urgency in his voice, but something about the way he says the carefully enunciated words sounds like any alternative action would be dangerous. John’s heart is pounding in his ears and there is something about this entire situation that is making the blood in his veins sing. He feels alive and curious and somehow
, and he watches John’s eyes catch his own before his entire being dissolves into giggles. He watches the small smile John gives him when he thinks Sherlock can’t see him, he watches the memory of John smiling at him after he’d just shot a cabbie for him, he watches John grin as he fondly calls him a tosser, he watches a blurry John drunkenly ask him if he’s a pretty lady, he watches John stay by his side after he got shot, he watches John
He carefully retunes his violin, the sound soothing once more, spending extra time on the E string that has slipped since he’d changed it a few days ago. Once it’s tuned to his satisfaction, he pulls out his bow and carefully gets it ready, and once again, he swipes the bow across the open strings and winces at the roughness of the sound.
John laughs, shaking his head, wondering not for the first time how someone such as Sherlock even exists. “I was hoping you would finish it for me.”
“You’re very special, John,” Sherlock replies, and John feels something flutter in his stomach. “You may not understand yet exactly why, but you will. Last night was the beginning.”
echoes through his mind and he swallows hard, trying to push the memory away and focus on the present. He throws the duvet off of him and gets to his feet, ignoring the dizziness sweeping over him and the pounding of his heart beneath his rib cage, and crosses the room in a few harried strides to pull open the door to the loo so strongly it bangs against the wall. The loo, like the bedroom, is empty.
Sherlock blinks, taken aback. “I didn’t mean it that way,” he says. “I wasn’t – of course there’s nothing wrong with Squibs. Most wizards aren’t of that opinion, though.”
“How do I wake him up, then?” John asks, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face.  He’s an army doctor, but he’s not prepared for this, for injuries with causes that are quite literally out of this world.  His heart is pounding in his chest, and there’s a buzzing in his ears making it hard to focus.
Sherlock is standing by the window, gazing absently out at the busy streets of London.  Moonlight drifts over his fingers as they caress his violin, moving fluidly to coax Brahms out of it as naturally as his lungs breathe the air around him.
“I can appreciate the sky.” He sounds defensive and sulky, and John can’t help but smile. “But that doesn’t mean I need to waste space in my mind palace remembering such trivial details. They’re not relevant to me.”
“Yes, I do, thanks for noticing,” John says. He gives her a tight smile and walks past her, ignoring her frown, and goes towards the phone if only to make the abrasive noise stop. He picks up the receiver and sags into the couch.
When Sherlock replies, his voice is low and silky. “You’re thinking it would be nice not to see them, aren’t you? If they weren’t drawn to you?”
could? Go back to the way we were?” John asks skeptically. He rubs his thumb along Sherlock’s jaw again, and Sherlock leans into the touch, sighing. “God,” John says. “Just look at you. You’re – I never thought you felt things this way until it was too late, and I was - married. But now – it’s not too late, is it?”
“This is wonderful, thank you,” she says, and then glances outside, where the rain is still falling. “Don’t worry,” she adds. “It’ll stop by the time you leave. By the way, Sherlock, a butterfly…your trademark, isn’t it?”   She gestures towards a scroll on the wall.
After a while of splashing and wrestling in the water, they finally stop to rest, treading water in the deep center of the pond again, facing each other as the last of their laughter leaves their bodies.
He makes jokes and he smiles. John doesn’t like emotional scenes, he knows that, so he keeps it light. He’ll do anything for John, after all. When he shakes John’s hand for the last time, though, their hands are clasped in a way that is so far from everything he wants that it’s painful despite his attempts to detach from the moment. The activity in his traitorous mind palace stills as the foundation holds and strengthens with this new memory: touch. He feels John’s skin against his, John’s hand warm and solid under his, John’s eyes boring into his, and everything around them disappears for a moment and it’s only
Sherlock doesn’t like traveling by Floo, but it’s worth the dizzying magic pressing up against him from all sides if it means he gets to go to Diagon Alley. Mummy goes first, then Mycroft, then Dad holds him close and they go through together.
John’s pulse hasn’t stopped racing since he entered this flat, and his hand, the same hand that had felt the calm of the door to this strange place only moments and yet lifetimes earlier, twitches at his side. He blinks rapidly, staring at Sherlock in confusion.
Sherlock ignores him, idly pulling on the lever and making his nutcracker’s mouth open and close. “Do we have any nuts? I could open one,” he says.
John doesn’t say anything for a moment, just stares at Sherlock. “Right,” he says. “Right. Okay. You…you’ve deduced it. But you’ve missed a lot. I’m not
Gradually, his thoughts of technique and bowing and hand position and balance fade to background noise until they disappear altogether, and instead, his expression and musicality take the forefront. His brain quiets, focusing only on the sensation of playing, on shaping and molding the beauty of what he sees on the page into what he knows deep in his heart that it means.   He begins to think in a wordless way, in emotion and sound and music, and somehow, his fingers grow more nimble, his sound more pure, his phrasing more natural, his vibrato deep and varied and expressive.
He’s just on his way down the stairs when he passes Mrs. Hudson, going upstairs with two cups of tea.
Sherlock shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut, pressing his lips together. His chin quivers. John can’t stand to see it. His heart is clenching in his chest, and he feels like he’s going to cry. Sherlock is not supposed to show emotion like this, he’s just
And just like that, he knows they’ve been rebuilt, yet again. He beams at Sherlock. “It’s so good to be back.”
“You’re mad, aren’t you,” John says as a response.  He doesn’t mean to, especially not with Mycroft walking behind them, but he stays close to Sherlock.  There’s a strange feeling in here, an ominous cold that makes John feel like if he strays off the path, legions and legions of spirits will take him in.  He doesn’t like it.
Suddenly, he stops, though, because his anger is quickly overrun by awe. They have reached the top of the hill, and when John looks down, he can barely process what he sees. His breath leaves him in a surprised whoosh. Ahead of them, for as far as his eye can see, are hundreds, if not
“It’s alright, dear, he’s just up here,” the woman says, gesturing towards a closed door at the top of a set of stairs. She smells of tea and scones, and she hasn’t stopped smiling since she opened the door. She seems kind, but John feels distinctly unsettled.
“I don’t think it would be so scary if you came with me,” she says.  Her voice is a whisper now, and she’s looking up at him as if she’s afraid he’ll chastise her.   “Will you help?”
“Precisely,” Sherlock says. In spite of himself, he smiles, and when their eyes meet, they’re both giggling, as naturally as they breathe. Sherlock feels his smile grow, feels something inside him lock into place. He f eels less outside of himself, less unsure, and he takes a step towards the kitchen.
“Alright,” she says, though her voice is soft. She stands up and hesitates, looking at him as if she’s going to speak, but instead she gives him a watery smile and then turns away.
John sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. When Sherlock puts it that way, it really does seem like he’s acted in John’s best interests, and Sherlock is such a strange man that for him, perhaps that was his version of kindness…but John still feels strange about it. He doesn’t say anything; his feelings are too conflicted. He glances beside him at Sherlock, who’s still studying the sky. His expression is hard to read, as usual, but there’s something almost
The man looks between the two of them, then sighs and looks at Billy, making a face of pained concession that looks quite fake in John’s opinion.  “My…apologies,” he murmurs.
“That’s true,” Sherlock says, brightening as he remembers how quickly John took them here. He wonders if he can bring John to school, if he could have someone to sit with during lessons and giggle with, if he and John could go to his house and team up against Mycroft. He thinks he’s never been happier.
if he sits in his armchair, the weight of her head supported by a pillow if he’s cradling her with two arms. He learns that holding her with her head next to his neck and the front of her body pressed against his chest is his favorite. He can smell her more that way, and he can feel how warm she is, and it makes him think of the very first time he saw John holding her that way, and how he wondered if she was subconsciously memorizing his scent and imprinting it in his memories.
“When my wish was fulfilled, my presence in this world would be traded for yours,” Sherlock says. His voice is low, soft.
She stands up in one smooth, grateful movement, her long lilac-colored dress flowing with her body.  She hesitates for a moment, and John is moments away from reaching out and just stealing it, but finally, finally, she holds her hands out.  John reaches out with trembling hands to take the cupcake from her.  It’s surprisingly light in his hands, and he swallows at the warmth it spreads over his skin.  He feels safe and calm, and he finds himself unable to speak for a moment, overwhelmed by the sensation of it.  He closes his eyes, his hands trembling.  His heartbeat feels loud in his ears, but it’s not panic making it thrum so strongly.
And then, his body exuding confidence while his stomach writhes in emotions he can’t understand or allow to take hold of him, he exits the plane.
“He came to me,” Mycroft said.  “He asked for my help, and I gave it to him, providing the magic for the ribbons to be put to use.  He is now in my debt.”
Though it’s nearly three in the morning, John climbs up to the roof of 221B in nothing but his pajamas. The nights have been getting progressively colder and he shivers, nothing but the thin cotton of his shirt to act as a flimsy barrier between him and the chilly air. Even so, something tells him to keep going rather than go back inside to get a jacket. There’s something deep inside of him leading him, telling him that the roof is where he needs to be, and though it’s a strange feeling, he doesn’t fight it.
He walks with poise and purpose, his eyes never straying from the target as he walks across the platform.  His body is relaxed, like he’s merely walking down the street, and yet his posture clearly holds power and confidence.  He doesn’t rush, and yet he doesn’t linger; he is self-assured, and the entirety of the audience seems to notice it.
John’s jaw drops when it speaks, and he looks at Sherlock, who turns to him with a small smile. “Let’s go,” Sherlock says. “Don’t let go of the handle,” he adds, and John nods, increasing the strength of his grip and running alongside Sherlock, the lantern swinging awkwardly between them.
John buries his face in his hands, but to his surprise, Mary laughs, and he sneaks a look at her from behind his hands. Laughing is better than screaming, but this is
Sherlock is clearly uncomfortable.  “It’s fine,” he repeats.  “Apology…accepted.”  He blows across his tea and avoids John’s eyes.
Behind him, the door to the stairwell suddenly closes even though no one is near enough to touch it, and he turns towards it in surprise, the hair on his arms rising as goose pimples break out on his flesh.
Something changes on John’s face. “Sherlock,” he says. His voice is patient and low. He takes a step closer, and Sherlock’s entire body feels as if it’s buzzing with electricity even though they’re not touching. He swallows, looks at John’s hands, imagines them on his waist, imagines them held in his own. He shakes his head and takes a step back, looks up at John with something like panic in his eyes. His heart is pounding.
When they reach the area Mary had mentioned, there aren’t many people around, which John is grateful for. “I’ve brought a blanket,” John says, kneeling down to take it out of the tote bag. He pointedly ignores the skull in the bag and hopes Mary hasn’t seen it.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, taking in every detail of him, fascinated. “But you – how – “ He pauses, taking in data, his mind whirring, and he blinks. “You’re the same age as me,” he says. “But you’re a soldier, you’ve been training to be a soldier. But you – you were a nutcracker, but somehow you – you were made of wood, but you know how to fight and you’re
“Hey,” John replies, sitting beside him, looking up at the night sky. The stars are obscured in London, but he can see the moon shining bright overhead, full and round. It makes him think of Sherlock, for some reason. He thinks of all the questions he’s been eager to ask Greg since he met him the first time, questions about Sherlock, but also questions about exactly what’s happening and where they are at this very moment. Now that they’re here on the roof, though, he’s not sure where to start.
“I made a wish once, a long time ago,” Sherlock continues. His voice is sad, cracking, and his eyes are shiny. “Unfortunately, every wish has a cost.”
Sherlock’s father takes it in his hand and looks closely at the pocket. “It’s just a piece of wood, Sherlock, not the belt to your dressing gown.”
“It would be meaningless if someone else told him, John, I told you that,” Sherlock says, setting his violin and bow down and taking the ring from John. “It couldn’t be helped. He made his choices. But you, John, you even went to the hospital with him, didn’t you? That’s so like you.
in a way that is unsettling to say the least; John doesn’t like to think that his mood is so obvious that even Sherlock has picked up on it.
She looks up at him, and her eyes are big and blue and full of tears.  She sniffles, but doesn’t take her eyes away from him.  He kneels down next to her, using his gentlest doctor face.  “What’s wrong?  Are you hurt?” he asks, trying to project warmth and sympathy.
choosing her. You know what she is now. There’s no halfway with her; she’s dangerous, especially to you.”
“And yet you only got 86 points on your test when you know very well that if you had studied for even three minutes, you would have got a perfect score.”
John’s not surprised that Sherlock is beyond adept at archery.  The first few rounds have many competitors shooting at once, and the less-skilled people are eliminated quickly.  Finally, though, it’s down to the final twenty competitors, and of course, Sherlock is one of them.
Witches and wizards are everywhere, and so is magic as they step out onto the street. The buildings crackle with magic, spells float about everywhere, and the headache Sherlock’s had since Mummy covered his unruly hair in Sleakeazy is already starting to magnify. They start to walk, Mummy saying something excitedly about Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions and Mycroft walking proudly as if he’s been declared the first eleven-year-old Minister for Magic, but Sherlock feels like he’s surrounded by chaos. He winces away from a man walking by with an enchanted signboard, declaring in flashing and glittering letters a sale at Twilfitt and Tatting’s. The garish magic prickles against his skin like steel wool and he presses closer to Dad’s comforting orange magic, but there’s so much magic around him that he’s starting to feel sick and lose track of Dad’s.
She nods, sniffing and wiping at her eyes. “Be strong, John Watson. Find your most precious treasure.”
Sherlock frowns, but then his eyes widen. “The spell,” he says. “It broke and he’s gone home, but he’s coming back, you’ll see!”
He lets his fingers card through John’s hair this time, the short strands silkier than he’d imagined, and then lets them drift over John’s back, exploring, feeling the warmth of John’s body underneath them. In all the times he’s imagined John like this, he’s never realized how warm he’d be, how pliant and solid and
Next chapter will be next week at this time!  Thanks for reading...I would love to hear any and all thoughts you have on this!  As usual, thanks to weighted-orange for the thorough and lovely beta work!!  (But I made some edits after she got through with it, so any mistakes you find are mine and mine alone!)
John sits up a little bit to tug on the waistband of Sherlock’s’ pajamas, and she tugs them down along with Sherlock’s pants, and Sherlock looks up to watch, her mouth watering with desire at the way John looks down at her and licks her lips.
Sherlock covers John’s hand with his own and John feels some tension leave his body at the reassurance that Sherlock is real and alive beside him.  He is still angry, but he lets go of Sherlock’s shirt, pushing himself up off the ground and sitting on the edge of the bench.  Sherlock twists until he’s sitting up properly, but he keeps himself angled toward John, one leg on the ground and one bent on the bench.
John is in his bathrobe, his hair wet from the shower, holding a towel in one hand. He’s looking at Sherlock with a warm smile, his eyes crinkling in the corners, sending lines of contentment to sprawl across his temples. He’d cleared his throat for Sherlock’s attention, and now he just looks at Sherlock, who can only stare back in uncomfortable awareness of the softness of the set of his eyebrows, the gleam of emotion in his eyes, the way his mouth is parted, all because of Iris. He does his best to reel it back in, and John’s smile widens as his eyes soften, and Sherlock’s stomach clenches, though it’s not uncomfortable. He feels like he’s in the middle of falling from the roof of St. Bart’s.
Mycroft looks John over once, his eyes clearly taking in more than John can imagine or is comfortable with, and then turns back to Sherlock. “Still hasn’t gotten rid of that
The first time John came to live at 221B Baker Street is fresh on Sherlock’s mind as he finally steps out onto the sidewalk, and it feels lifetimes ago. In many ways, it
, not when John’s hand starts moving up and down, torturously slow, and Sherlock’s so hard that he’s already leaking. John smooths his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock, spreading the fluid down between them and then moving his hand faster.
Sherlock stares at him, and for a moment, he looks as if he’s going to cry, but the moment passes quickly. John squeezes his hand again, gently, tiredness pulling at him.
certainly not forgettable,” John replies after a moment, Sherlock’s question bouncing answerless around his mind. “Nobody can forget such an annoying dick.”
Sherlock smiles again, wider this time. “John Hamish Watson,” he says. He closes his eyes and takes another drag of his pipe. “John Hamish Watson. The place in which you were born is worlds apart from the place in which you live now. But more importantly, you have a problem. A
“Clearly,” Sherlock says. He pauses, eyes John for a moment. “Why haven’t you said anything?” he asks.
By the time they’re back to the meadow, John is sweaty and out of breath, and his hand slides out of Sherlock’s easily. He puts his hands on his knees and breathes heavily for a minute, looking up at Sherlock. Sherlock grins and then they’re both laughing again, despite their shortness of breath.
John wakes slowly and groans. He’s lying in bed, but it’s not his own – Sherlock’s, he realizes. It’s soft and comforting, but he’s exhausted and his throat is dry. He turns his head and cracks his eyes open, squinting against the light, which does nothing to help the way his head pounds. He sees Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed, his body held taut, staring at John.
Then Sherlock is back, and Mrs. Hudson withdraws her hand. John opens his watery eyes and looks at Sherlock. Sherlock is blurry, but he is magnificent. He’s standing tall, and something in his eyes seems to have shifted. His dressing gown is tied tight, somehow appearing to be a powerful and imposing robe rather than the lazy attire it really is. He’s holding a small piece of paper in his hands with writing on it that John can’t make out.
Sherlock turns at the sound of John’s voice, startled. He’s wearing his long wool coat, and his hair is in perfect order. John feels emotion rise up inside of him and he desperately clamps it down.
John sleeps through most of Friday, waking only for coughing fits, or to find another blanket. Redbeard stays curled around his neck, and John is grateful. He’s feverish, he knows, but as the clock gets closer to 3:30, the usual time he meets Arthur, an anxiety builds inside of him that he can’t ignore. He wants to see him.
Mycroft sighs, and then crouches down in front of Sherlock, tugging on his arms until Sherlock puts them at his side. “And that’s reason enough to ruin your jacket?”
John looks up at him and his face is closed off. He looks tired, more tired than Sherlock could imagine, and Sherlock’s heart aches in sympathy that he only recently realized he could feel so strongly. It makes it all the more effective, though, and so he gestures to John’s chair.
John gives a weary half-smile before he turns back to awkwardly pull out a diaper bag with one arm, and then the cabbie comes around, popping open the boot of the taxi. Sherlock goes to the boot and slings John’s bag over his shoulder and takes hold of the suitcase, the cabbie slams the boot, and then it’s just John and Sherlock standing on the pavement outside 221B, staring at each other with words overflowing their brains but none on their tongues.
“No, I really can’t,” John says, heaping coffee grounds into a new filter. “I want to know what just happened, I really do, but give me a minute. I can’t even think straight.”
“Hello, Redbeard,” Sherlock says, opening his eyes and looking at him. The pipe fox squeaks and wriggles in Sherlock’s hands, then presses another kiss to Sherlock’s nose, making Sherlock laugh again. John’s watching in awe, feeling something twist in his chest as Sherlock holds the little thing in gentle hands.
John’s jaw drops, and he tries to form words for a moment, but he finds there’s nothing he can think of to say because he can’t understand the situation. “Right,” he finally says. “Er, do you need anything at the shops, then?”
Sherlock nods, some of the pain from John’s earlier statement receding at the look on John’s face and the warmth of his fingers. It occurs to him suddenly that maybe John just needs time for
“Garrison?” John asks, almost spitting out the sip of coffee he’d just taken. He swallows it hastily. “Are you doing that on purpose?”
. You don’t know what makes me happy. You don’t,” John says, surprised by the vehemence in his voice. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John in such confusion that John almost feels bad for a moment, but he continues.
“Yeah, I’m the nutcracker,” the boy says. “Thanks, by the way – that thing you did, with your shoe, it was really great!”
, John,” Sherlock mumbles from under his arm. He lets the arm fall from his face and turns toward John. “You were supposed to make dinner.”
He stops talking and takes a deep breath, squeezing his hands into fists, the feel of his nails biting into his palms reassuring somehow. He can still hear the voices of spirits around him, too low and indistinct to make out their words, but he can feel a sense of grudging acceptance in his mind, a feeling he knows is not his. He swallows hard, his hands shaking, and takes a step forward. The forest seems to shift around him, and Redbeard stays close, lending him support.
