He and Molly had just defibrillated a passenger on a crowded aeroplane. He had shouted. More passengers than Sherlock and Mycroft should be out of their seats. More than just Sherlock and Mycroft should be bloody
“That will be dealt with. Both the drinking and the lying. But for now you are cut off.” John growls this while nuzzling Sherlock’s neck and grinding his hips into his thigh. “I’ll be asking you for consent later and I want you to have a clear head.”
“As handsome as you looked in that tux, you are exquisite without it,” John says, taking his hand and leading him into the bedroom.
“Not most of them. And most of them don’t like me. There have been…incidents. So now I just try to ensure that no one sits beside me. My brother Mycroft,” Sherlock gestured to the balding man with the hooked nose, “is much better at avoiding unpleasant entanglements. He tells me I’m hotheaded.”
He opens the envelope and finds a piece of stationery, which he puts aside for the moment, wrapped around a photograph of his mother in a hospital bed, holding
“Mmmm, yes, Sir.” He raises up on his elbow to seek John’s lips and as they kiss, he lets his fingers run over John’s muscled chest, circling first one nipple, then the other before wandering down his belly and following the trail of hair to the waistband of the kilt. He slides his palm over the fabric, rubbing gently as he feels John getting hard beneath it. When he hikes it up and reaches underneath, he feels only skin. John makes a rumbling sound deep in his chest. Encouraged, Sherlock grasps John’s cock and squeezes. Then John’s hand is in his hair, pushing their mouths together harder as Sherlock works his hand up and down. John’s hand slides from Sherlock’s back and to his burning ass, tracing the welts there, then between his cheeks and to the base of the plug. He tugs at it, pulling it part-way out and then twisting it back into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock moans and grinds his cock harder into John’s thigh.
As Sherlock grips, his back straightens, and he looks down at his chest, his nipples hardening under the scrutiny. John touches him under his chin with one finger. “Unless I say otherwise, I expect you to have your eyes on me.” Sherlock latches on to his eyes like a lifeline and feels less like he’s drifting away. He takes a deep breath, and John smiles softly at him. “You’re doing so well. You’re being so good for me. You’re my good boy.” Warmth spreads through Sherlock’s chest, and he can’t help closing his eyes.
Mary huffed in exasperation. “For the centrepieces, John! For our wedding. We are getting married in five months, remember?”
The wave of arousal that washes over Sherlock almost drops him into the kitchen chair again, but he catches himself at the last second.
Molly and Dr. Sawyer both greet Jim and the morning’s work proceeds with Jim and the doctor catching up on the weekend’s backlog, while Sherlock and Molly continue with their assigned tasks. Before lunch, Dr. Sawyer calls them to where she and Jim are working.
Sherlock laughed. “He’s one of those people I don’t like. In fact, he’s near the top of the list. If I had an actual list, his name would be double-underlined.”
“I know. I know you are. And I know we won’t have to worry about respecting privacy again.” He reaches out to stroke Sherlock’s cheek and lets his thumb slide across his mouth, then dips it inside. Sherlock takes it between his teeth and circles the pad with his tongue.
Sherlock stared at Moriarty, his brain whirring, turning, and weighing his options. Slotting all the things he had seen, heard, and discovered in the last few minutes into place in his mind, then rearranging them at lightning speed. When they had all fallen into an order that made sense, he swallowed hard and made a calculated bet. Risky, but the balance of probability was on his side. Moriarty would not kill the little girl.
to hear it. I’d rather you say it out loud instead of just looking at us like we’re…freaks. Then I can explain to you how wrong you are.” Despite his best efforts, his breath is coming faster, and his hands are clenched at his sides. “He’s a doctor. He saves people’s lives. He’s the best... you don’t know him. You don’t know
except respect for each other, of course. They talked about anything that hadn’t gone well or that had been upsetting or pushed a boundary. If Sammy thought a punishment hadn’t been fair or if something bothered one of them, that was the time they talked it through.” He massages Sherlock’s shoulder gently as he speaks.
John reaches to the bedside table and retrieves several strips of cloth. He pulls Sherlock’s hands together in front of him and binds his wrists before pulling them above his head and securing them to the headboard. Then he does the same to each of his feet separately so that Sherlock is stretched out naked on the bed with his legs spread. The last time John restrained him, it had only been his hands, so he still felt some measure of control. He could have kicked if necessary. Now he is completely immobilized and vulnerable. Instead of scary, it feels thrilling. John is standing by the bed just looking at him like he’s a piece of art...or a juicy steak, Sherlock can’t decide which.
“It’s the only explanation that covers all the details! And really, at this point, Pete will do anything you ask him to. We have nothing to lose. Even if we’re completely wrong, we can give the police a lead on a dirty hospital employee! Pete is desperate.”
Sherlock's eyes are wide. John knows that he feels vulnerable, and probably a little frightened. “Easy,” murmurs John, stroking his cheek tenderly. “Color?”
“This is John Watson, Sherlock’s friend. We met a few weeks ago. I’m looking for Sherlock; has he been there?”
“I never said it'd be fair," John said, pinning Sherlock’s wrists to the wall beside his head as he continued to thrust.
“That’s it, sweet boy. You feel so good, still so tight, even after the plug. Only I get to fuck you, only I get to come in your gorgeous ass, yeah?” He resumes his former pace.
John laughs. “Oh, Sherlock,” and he runs his hands down Sherlock’s arms, from his shoulders down to the watch on his left wrist and the leather bracelet on the right. He pauses and fingers the bracelet.
Sherlock’s eyelids fall closed, and he feels John pull him up by the elbows and lunge for his mouth. He sways on his feet and lets John take what he wants from him. When John’s hand closes around his cock and begins to stroke, his knees threaten to buckle. Loose and pliant in John’s grip, he is guided gently down to the mattress to lie on his side. Before climbing in beside him, John pulls his shirt over his head and reaches for something on the table.
a ticklish one,” John observes and then drags his short nails over the top of Sherlock’s foot from his ankle to the tips of his toes and it feels unexpectedly wonderful.
“Don’t have too much fun without me. I’ve heard stories about those medical conferences,” she teased.
Sherlock had heard but hadn’t believed, hadn’t believed John would make him do something so… humiliating? Crawling wasn’t something they’d discussed. It wasn’t even
“This waiting is making me mental,” Molly said. “He said he wouldn’t tell us what he wanted until tomorrow. Why would he make us wait? I don’t understand.”
The kilt is blue and green plaid with yellow and red stripes running through it. He’s wearing a thick black belt and some sort of pouch hangs from a chain around his waist.
Soon the prisoners were served a cold breakfast by the same two guards that had brought their dinner. During their captivity, they had seen just the four men: Moriarty, Baldy, Beefy, and Red. Was that all there were? Could they really be that lucky?
“Will just sounded boring to me. Mycroft and Eurus—now those were interesting names, but I had this dull, ordinary name. As long as I was doing the paperwork, I figured I’d
John’s eyes soften. “Of course. It’s your body. Your choice.” Still looking at Sherlock he says, louder, “Annie, you heard that, right? No downloading. When we finish, you’ll give the camera to Sherlock.”
“I’m coming; of course, I’m coming, just keep talking to me. She who? Who’s OK? Molly?” He keeps Sherlock talking.
John is still for a moment and then begins moving, using Sherlock’s hip and collar for leverage. Sherlock arches his back so that John’s cock brushes his prostate with each stroke, and it feels wonderful. It’s a deep and diffused pleasure that radiates from his groin and throughout his belly. His beaded nipples are pressed flat against the window and, with each powerful thrust of John’s cock, the tip of his own rubs against the glass, leaving little smudges of pre-come. The collar, tight against his windpipe but not choking him, brings a new sensation to the experience.
“Yeah, you’re right, you could use some help with that. Why don’t you come to the clinic at the hospital? Are you working tomorrow? I’ll set you up with an appointment with Doctor Stamford so you can get some nicotine patches. While you’re there, you can get your tests done.”
He continues to push forward and Sherlock tries to obey. He reaches for that place that he was floating in before. He puts himself into John’s hands and relinquishes the last bit of his control. All of his energy and attention focuses on the physical sensations and he offers himself up to it, vulnerable and defenseless for this man that he is sure will take care of him and keep him safe.
Sherlock swallows and drops his eyes. “I, uh, didn’t really get any sleep last night and, um, I…was kind of planning on being able to read this afternoon. It’s not usually so busy, and...” He trails off and can’t fully meet John’s stern gaze.
“Yeah, maybe,” John said. “He’s some sort of genius at MIT. Working on a technology that can disrupt electronics. It’s called Electromagnetic Pulse.”
He puts his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder. “I used to get called fairy a lot when I was younger. Until I grew eight inches taller and put on forty-five pounds in senior year. I decided to own my fairiness after that.”
He’s not quite sure how to approach the list. He’s tempted to put yes for everything. He doesn’t want to take a chance on losing John because he’s scared of nipple clamps. On the other hand, does he really want to sleep with a guy who wants to torture him? No for nipple clamps. Some of the stuff, he’s never heard of, and some of it is just plain scary. Plugs. Like electrical plugs? He goes online and feels more nervous than ever. Fisting is out, Jesus. He tries to wipe the image out of his brain. Corsets and lingerie are out. He’s had enough trouble trying to think of himself as a “real man”, whatever the hell that is, even though he’s gay. He’s not going to dress like a woman.
Sherlock hears the suggestion for the veiled threat that it is and his glare is met with a sympathetic smile. “Sorry, kid. Man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do.”
but decides it’s not worth the effort to try and tell him so. He needs data. He has no idea what time it is or maybe even what day it is.
“Still, I’m embarrassed. It’s why I wanted the seat next to me empty. That, and because I generally prefer to be alone.”
When they arrive, the parking lot is already almost full. It’s a summer Saturday and the zoo is packed. Probably with lots of unruly, loud children. Surprisingly, the crowds and the people don’t annoy Sherlock as much as they typically might have. Being with John seems to make Sherlock less conscious of their presence and he is mostly able to ignore them. They walk hand in hand through the shaded winding paths. Through the North American exhibit, with its bison and otters, through the Australian exhibit with its kangaroos. They watch the polar bears playing in a pool and the bonobos screaming in the trees, then lastly, Sherlock's favorite, the invertebrate building. They spend over an hour there looking at creatures such as the tarantula, the red-eyed assassin bug, and several species of bee.
“It wasn’t a request, Sherlock. Open the goddamn door.” John is silently berating himself for taking Myc’s call. Sherlock had been upset, and if he had had just one minute to explain, everything would have been fine. Everything is still going to be fine, but he’s not going to have this conversation through a fucking door. He wants to be looking in Sherlock’s eyes. Holding his hand.
? hangs in the air. Dominating the room are three green cylindrical tanks, taller than John and fitted with various gauges and controls.
John gives each of them a little pinch and lets the harness slip back into place. He takes Sherlock’s hand and they continue along the route, occasionally waving or responding to the friendly cheers of the crowd. Ms. Hudson’s house is on a tree-lined street about three-quarters of the way down the route of the parade and, when they arrive, they are both hot and sweating and happy to get out of the sun. Gary and Billy have already arrived, dressed in matching short shorts and Pride march T-shirts from Concord, New Hampshire. Gary is also wearing a strap-on pair of glittery wings.
John laughs. "That's honest. Again, if we go further, I’ll want you to sign something…a contract. But let’s just consider tonight a little experiment, to see if this is something you really want.”
Sherlock has already felt his fingers twitching with the urge to move, and he knows John is right. This is going to be difficult. Excruciating. And just as the resentment at being treated like a child bubbles up, threatening again to turn into a protest that will surely make things worse, John continues. “I understand you haven’t had many relationships, and if your father is any indication, no good role models, but you will not get what you want through manipulation. I know you were frustrated, but provoking me was not the way to resolve this.
John watched the urine flow from Sherlock’s body. It was a deep yellow, typical for someone who was suffering from dehydration. But there was a definite pink tinge to it. Blood, but only a little. This, at least, was promising; it could have been much worse. John stood and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Does it hurt?”
Sherlock is out of his comfort zone playing host at John's Independence Day birthday party. Things get even more uncomfortable when John's ex-girlfriend shows up.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock regains his focus and rises to his knees to let John turn over beneath him. As he’s squirting more oil onto his hands, he looks down at John’s ass and does a double-take. A black disc is visible between his buttocks.
“Sherlock, I’m going to get the blood out of your hair and off your face.” Sherlock didn’t answer but nodded his agreement.
Sherlock is panting, and his fist is flying over his cock, and he opens his eyes to do as John says, and the adoration he sees on his face triggers a climax that has him shooting thick come all over John’s belly and chest.
“I never stopped knowing you, John. And I’ve seen what kind of man you are these past few days. You are
to the camps.” He makes a circle with his finger, including Sherlock and himself, then points at him. “Never be ashamed of who you are. Life is unpredictable.” He is clapping Sherlock on the shoulder now. “Do what makes you happy. Dr. Watson is a good man, and you can trust him.”
John smiles at him. “You should be on top, that way you have total control. You’ll be able to protect your sore arse. And I can see you; I want to look at you, watch your face when you come.”
“It’s just that nobody’s here. My dad never came home last night. Myc didn’t text me or anything. I guess he’s not coming either.”
“I’ll go first, and you follow me in a minute,” John says, and quickly makes his way to the back of the restaurant. Just before he passes from view, he surreptitiously plucks a bottle of olive oil from an empty table.
He hated this feeling of powerlessness. But he kept silent and continued to observe. If he kept his wits about him, perhaps he could take in some detail that would work to his advantage.
“Who does he think he is? The Queen?" Sherlock said. "Text him back and tell him he knows where to find me.”
John chuckles softly and pulls the covers up again. “See you tonight, sweet boy.” And Sherlock drifts back into a peaceful sleep.
“Not weirder than Sherlock!” Wiggy retorts, and they giggle until Sherlock lets out a loud belch which makes them giggle harder.
She sniffs. “I was so stupid. So fucking stupid. It was a work party. He was charming and handsome. He made me feel pretty. We were both drinking, and I did something so
With a tragic expression, John says, “I can’t. I really can’t. Mr. Hatherley is being flown in from Houston for an emergency bypass. I should be scrubbing up now, but I had to see you in that suit. You’re going to let Martin finish fitting you, and I’m going back to the hospital. I, uh, was going to hold off on giving you this, but I decided I’d like you to be able to wear it on Saturday.” He walks over to his jacket and pulls a long flat rectangular box out of the inside pocket. “For graduation.”
“Hmm…it won’t blister but we’d better put something on it when we get home. Is the harness rubbing it?”
Replacing the marker in its clip, he returns to the sofa and opens his laptop. Taking a deep breath, he clicks on the document file with his admissions essay. Writing the essay had been difficult. He’d stared at the blank screen for what seemed like hours before finally typing, and he’d deleted and started over again and again before he had something he thought good enough to send to Ms. Hudson. It came back with the following note:
“You sit right there, Billy, where you can see everything. You’ve been cooped up in that box for five years. Bet you’re glad to be free, aren’t you?”
When John comes back, he’s carrying a tray covered with a cloth, which he sets on the bedside table. He gives Sherlock a mischievous grin.
Sherlock feels John settle between his legs. “Lift your hips.” Sherlock does, and John slips a pillow beneath him, then pushes on the backs of his thighs so that his feet are suspended in the air. Once positioned, John laps at his balls and kisses his perineum.
“I did think you weren’t coming for me. That you knew and you believed them and you—” He chokes back a sob and continues.“And I felt like I was sick, not thinking straight. It all seemed so hopeless. The doctor there said it might be sub drop. Sir, it was awful.”
“I know, be thorough.” Sherlock softens his eye-roll with a mischievous grin, but John still gives him a swat on the ass.
John pokes up Sherlock’s chin with one finger so he can make eye contact. “For what? For following the rules? What’s Rule number three?”
They talk and talk, John once again managing to draw conversation out of Sherlock without him noticing, and even making him laugh out loud. Sherlock can’t remember the last time he laughed. He does not tell John about the bike incident.
“I wanted to look for some new jeans and maybe some workout clothes, and I thought you could use some new clothes too. Martin’s got you all set as far as suits go, but I’m tired of seeing you in ratty T-shirts and the same two pairs of basketball shorts all the time.”
better. And it wasn’t just the warmth of John’s body or his breath on Sherlock’s cheek. Maybe it was the opiate hitting his bloodstream because that familiar blanket of hazy comfort was beginning to drift over him, although he still wished John had given him two. That he felt almost…not happy exactly, but not miserable, and in such a miserable situation was probably due to a combination of John’s nearness and the drug. Both were intoxicating. But he was too tired to analyse it now, so he closed his eyes and felt himself drift off.
Wiggy pulls Sherlock to one of the round tables and holds out a chair for Pete, who takes a deep breath and grits his teeth. When they’re all seated, Wiggy begins.
While Sherlock rested, John used his knife to cut a walking stick from a nearby fallen tree and a small towel into strips which he wrapped around Sherlock’s infected fingers. When he was satisfied with the dressing, he slung the duffel over his shoulder, slid the knife into his pocket, and tucked the gun into his waistband.
Once they discovered they were on an island, they were forced to rethink their strategy. The odds of finding civilization or safety were significantly decreased. They argued about starting a fire. John thought it would be too risky to call attention to themselves. Sherlock thought it was worth it, proposing that they could signal in morse code using the fire and their blanket if they saw an aircraft or vessel.
There was another pink box on the bedside table. While still lying in bed, Sherlock pulled off the bow and opened the box. Inside the tissue paper was another pair of knickers. These were made of simple white cotton, trimmed with delicate white lace and covered with tiny bees. One side of Sherlock’s mouth turned up in a lopsided grin. John knew that Sherlock had an affection for bees. He dangled them above his face, then rubbed the soft material against his cheek. As he did so, he noticed the other item on the table that hadn't been there the night before. A buttplug. One of their larger ones. There wasn't a note this morning, but it was crystal clear what the instructions were. Put on the knickers, slip in the plug, follow orders, and if you're good, you'll be rewarded.
“I haven’t seen it, but from what he told me, it leaves no doubt that you two are a couple. You are, aren’t you? So I don’t see why it would be bad. Did something happen?”
Sherlock smiled. “Dinner. Yes, I’d like that. And there’s no sense in spending money on a hotel. My apartment’s sitting empty. You should stay there. I want you to. But I’m tired, John. I think I’d like to sleep now.”
Irene smirks. “No, take all the time you need. I can hardly blame you, John. In fact, I’m almost jealous.” When Kate gives her a look, she laughs. “You know I’m just joking.”
During those two days, they reminisced a little about Camp Kanawha, but John always steered the conversation back to the present. Sherlock guessed he didn’t want to bring up the painful topics of Eurus or his mother or that John had thrown away all of Sherlock’s letters. Letters that he had poured his heart and soul into. Letters that were desperate pleas for help. Sherlock let this go. They would need to talk more about it at some point, but not now when he only had John for a few hours a day.
John thought. It was time to make a plan. A plan that included rescuing Sherlock. John’s mind was racing at a thousand miles an hour. They were all still in danger, but he was most worried about what was going to happen to Sherlock. The man did not look like he intended to cooperate. That lunatic bastard Moriarty had killed an aeroplane full of innocent people. He surely wouldn’t hesitate to kill Sherlock…or worse.
When John turns, Sherlock resumes his task but bends and presses kisses along the side of John’s neck as his fingers work the button free and then ease the zipper down. John’s skin smells delicious. A blend of sweat, cologne, and his...
“Yes, as a matter of fact. I was hoping we would. I’ve been wanting you all week.” He stares down at him like a cat who’s cornered a mouse. “And you deserve a reward.”
, when John walks out of his bedroom. Sherlock, engrossed in the book, catches the movement out of the corner of his eye and then does a double-take. John is wearing a tight black tank top, short black lace-up boots with socks peeking over the tops, and a
“Not at all, John. It’s just that you went through so much trouble for me, and I wanted to look my best, and…” he gestured to the table with the burning candle “…this…It seems like…I thought it was maybe…”
“Shut up! Just shut up!” John had closed the distance between them and was standing close to Sherlock now, his face red, and his jaw clenched.
“So this is Sherlock. So glad we could finally meet. I suppose you’ve heard it all night, but I’ll say it again. I’ve heard so much about you.” She sticks out her hand, and for the umpteenth time tonight, he touches someone he doesn’t even know.
John laughed. “Yeah, I reckon you are. Seriously, though, she’s a wonderful woman. And I think I’m tired of dating and of failing at it. I’m thirty-two. It’s time to settle down.”
“I am happy, Sherlock! This job is so awesome, I can’t believe we’re here. I mean, look at us. We aren’t even in college yet, and we’re working in a lab, in a hospital, with lab coats and everything.” She grasps the lapels of her coat and does a little twirl, making her ponytail fly.
“Mr Holmes, welcome. Please have a seat.” Moriarty gestured toward a simple wooden chair in the middle of the room.
He looks stricken for a moment, worried he’s been a jerk again, but she punches him playfully on the shoulder.
Her freckled face is thoughtful as she studies him with sapphire eyes, then her head drops back and there’s that full-throated laugh again. John shakes his head and gives him a look, like he’s proud of him but simultaneously adding to the tally board. He knows he’ll pay for his smart mouth later, but it’s almost worth it.
John pauses, pursing his lips. “You interrupted me. I wasn’t thinking we’d need it so quickly, but I was wrong, apparently.” John walks to the hallway closet and brings out a magnetic whiteboard with a marker and eraser attached to it. He sticks it to the refrigerator and writes the number “10” at the top. “I’ll do it this time, but it will be your job from now on.” He makes a tally mark and next to it ‘interrupting, #2’. “That’s number of strokes, the behavior, and the rule you broke.” He caps the marker and returns to the table.
John stared at the photos. Too many choices. This wedding planning was beginning to feel suffocating. Overwhelming. And he didn’t bloody care about the flowers.
The concept of preferred pronouns is new to Sherlock. “They” is hard to accept. “They” is plural. Even he, with his less than stellar English grades, knows this, yet they’re using it to refer to one person, according to the Professor. It makes no sense, and he frowns to himself, his logical mind thrown for a loop, and he wonders if he is going to be able to cut it in this class.
“What do you say, my dear Watson?” he asked. “A few days in Lausanne, relaxing at the Hotel National and chasing up a few leads. Do you feel well enough to undertake a small solo expedition?”
“Is it unexpected?” said Holmes, smirking in a maddening way. “I rather thought that you had been anticipating an interlude of the kind we enjoyed last night for some time.”
“You believe that Harrison was in love with him?” I continued, when his shaking had subsided. “Why then would he encourage the engagement to his sister?”
“Take him back to Swandam Lane and send him inside, alone. Wait outside. Do not let yourself be seen, for Wainwright keeps a close watch on the place. Instruct Whitney that he must speak loudly to as many of those he finds within of how an interfering doctor named Watson tried to draw him away from the place and how he has been repaid with a misfortune – his friend and colleague Sherlock Holmes has been arrested and languishes in a cell. It does not matter to whom he speaks. Someone is always listening at the Bar of Gold and there are mouths that whisper directly into Wainwright’s ear. Whitney will be safe for the first two hours, at least, for the inspector is careful in his dealings and likes his victims to have smoked several pipes before he shows his face. When he see him enter, follow him as quickly and quietly as you may. Order a pipe from the attendant – I see the horror in your eyes, my dear fellow, but you do not need to smoke it – and keep a close watch on him. He will approach Whitney and offer him a pipe. Then they will leave together by the back stairs. Do not let them out of your sight. Take your revolver but have confidence that you will not need to use it. As soon as they reach the hallway upstairs, matters will be taken care of.”
At this she turned even paler and began to sob quietly, wringing her hands in anguish. Despite my own anxiety, I was struck by her suffering and overcome with an urge to do what I could for her.
“I have enjoyed ‘liaisons’ with men and women on three different continents,” I said. “I knew the risks I was taking. Had they resulted in infamy, arrest or any other unwelcome outcome, I would never have laid the blame at anyone else's door. There is no one on earth I trust to keep my secrets more than you – and should they be discovered you are the last man against whom I should ever lay the blame for allowing me to enact my own desires and pursue my own happiness. As generous as you seem to think me, I am quite a selfish fellow really. After all, I place you in just as much danger as you place me – more so, given than I do not share your talents for disguise, concealment and fabrication.”
John has locked the door by the time Sherlock makes it up the stairs behind him. When he doesn’t answer the third barrage of knocks, the third sharp “John!,” said in the tone that usually makes him fall in line with Sherlock’s demands before he even realises he’s doing it, Sherlock takes three steps back to the edge of the small landing and dives forward. The door crashes open under the weight of his body and slams into the wall, rebounding hard into his big toe. He barely notices the injury. It is utterly eclipsed by the blinding pain in his right shoulder, which leaves him stunned and blinking for a moment. Stupid. Should have used the other shoulder. His bruises could definitely have done without the second impact.
The lady, Mrs Whitney, seemed more in need of a man of action than a detective, for which I was profoundly thankful. Her husband, she explained, had tragically become addicted to opium, which drug had left him a shell of his former self. He would often spend all day in the Bar of Gold, a den in the east of the city, returning at night, dazed and twitching. When she told me that he had been missing for two days, I confess I was badly startled, but I soon realised that his situation could have no bearing on whatever had happened to Holmes. The poor woman was so distraught, and her feelings so close to my own at that moment, that I felt a powerful compulsion to aid her in whatever way I could. And so I found myself, not ten minutes later, in cab on the way to an opium den, having promised to track down her errant husband and send him home to her.
By midnight, thunder was rolling outside, shaking the window in its frame, and flashes of lightening were splitting the sky in two behind the curtain. The shivering had passed and my whole body was burning. The faces of the men I had failed were hovering before me, screaming and whimpering and calling out the names of their loved ones as they died alone under a blinding sun, children who had suddenly discovered they were not immortal, a thousand miles from home. The guns fired in deafening unison, a long rolling cacophony of horror, and I saw the flash and flicker of igniting powder as soldier after soldier was mown down.
By the time Sherlock has finished his tea and texted Lestrade to tell him to hunt down the third brother, he’s figured out the common trigger. Both times John had said it he’s been angry. But not angry like he is when Sherlock experiments on him without his permission or scares off one of his girlfriends or leaves him to get an ASBO. Angry the way he is when he thinks Sherlock has done something reckless. Simple, then. He’ll need to risk his life again – or make John think he has. He sips a second cup of tea which has appeared beside him as he runs through scenarios. At least it won’t be boring.
“I don’t have a death wish,” he says at last, quietly. “I don’t want to go anywhere you can’t come with me.”
John slides down until he’s slumped against the wall and puts his head in his hands. Sherlock knows exactly how he feels. That had not gone as expected. He’d found the drug at the crime scene and taken it before Lestrade’s team could bag it up – not that they were in any danger of deducing its existence, let alone finding it. Only Sherlock had even realised that it had to have been some sort of gas or smoke that had killed their victim and left her two brothers delirious with laughter and wracked with hallucinations that showed no signs of wearing off. He’d spotted a wooden incense burner with the end of what looked a joss stick stuck in it and known immediately that he’d found the solution. It was too red, too lumpy – clearly homemade. He’d swiped it when Lestrade was distracted, wrapped it in a tissue and put it in his coat pocket. He’d sent John off to interview the third brother – unnecessary but it would keep him busy for an hour or two – and run all the tests he could think of on it at Bart’s. He’d learned nothing except that it was some sort of organic vegetable or root matter mixed with a rudimentary charcoal and sawdust burning agent. He still didn’t understand how it worked. So when he got home, he told John he had almost cracked the case – true, after all, as the answer was in his pocket – and asked if he wanted to watch the experiment. It wasn’t like he could have known what would happen. The victim had been inhaling the stuff for hours – how on earth was he to have deduced that it would have such a drastic effect in a matter of seconds?
By the time we returned home, I was awash with guilt over my duplicitous conduct towards Miss Morstan and more miserable than I had been in months. Holmes had said nothing to me on the long drive back, ignoring my chatter about the case as he stared out into the darkness, deep in thought. He held a cigarette cupped in one large hand and it slowly burned away in his grip, smoke wreathing between his fingers, until he started suddenly and threw it aside. His thoughts had been so fixed upon the case that I knew he had forgotten it until it burned down far enough to singe his fingers. He had evidently forgotten my presence just as completely because when the cab drew up on Baker Street, he stepped down without a word and made his way inside without once looking back.
“While I am sure he is an exceptionally talented man, the thought did not once cross my mind,” I said honestly. “And I cannot imagine that, even were he not engaged to a most exceptional woman, he would wish to waste his skills on an injured, retired army doctor.”
Holmes could not resist the urge to show off his skills, immediately startling the man with a series of personal observations somehow gleaned from a swift perusal of his personage, all listed in an airy manner designed to convey that the facts Holmes had identified were obvious and that anyone incapable of deducing them as swiftly and effortlessly as he had was little better than a half wit. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at Mr Wilson, whose face betrayed the purest shock and admiration, and had to stifle a laugh when, Holmes having explained his reasoning, the man responded in all earnestness and with a hint of relief: “Ah, now I see that it is all most evident. I thought at first you had done something clever.” Holmes shot a quelling look at me as I sat with shaking shoulders, trying to appear occupied with my notes.
When his client left, the detective sat in thought for some minutes, tapping the stem of his pipe against his shapely lips in a very distracting way, though for once, I believe, he was too preoccupied to be aware of the effect he was having on me. At last he stood up and announced that he was going to see Miss Adler. He did not invite me to join him. As I always did when he excluded me from his outings, I affected not to mind. And, as I always did, I paced the floor of our flat for an hour, wondering what he was doing and why he had not wished me to accompany him, before taking myself out to a bar. I could not bear to be left alone in the flat with nothing to occupy my mind when Holmes was out on a case. My lack of ability to tolerate enforced idleness in that respect was, as he had intimated during our fight, not so very far from his own.
“How are you, Watson?” he said casually. “This, I presume, is your celebrated friend, Mr Sherlock Holmes?”
“At this moment, Mrs Hudson interests me not in the slightest,” he said, seemingly as indifferent to the new kind of danger I had brought into our lives as he was to knife-wielding criminals and vengeful killers.
“I will not leave unless it be with the man I have come for,” I said, adopting a posture and tone that I had not utilised since the war. “Come man, take me to Isa Whitney and I shall promise never to return to this hideous den again.”
“I know that you think yourself broken, doctor. But I also know, as you do not seem to, that you are getting better. It is only a matter of time before you are yourself again and you find a nice woman, marry her and settle down to run a thriving medical practice and have healthy, happy children. I am asking you to trust me when I say that it is better for both of us if you leave now. You do not need me to distract you any longer.”
I forced myself to cease pacing. Sitting down in my usual chair, I affected an attitude of repose. Holmes wisely chose not to press me further. We passed the next few minutes in stony silence until a knock at the door signalled Miss Adler's arrival. She entered at Holmes' invitation and stood before us, straight-backed and proud, her dark eyes skipping over me and coming to rest on Holmes, raking over his angular face.
“You would not be human were you not. It is my damnable pride that made me want to defend myself from your criticism, but it was thoughtlessly done. Please believe me when I say that I have no wish to discomfort or hurt you. I have learned from experience that to speak as I did to a friend almost always means the loss of him. I pray that in this instance you will find it in your heart to forgive me.”
“I felt an overwhelming urge to touch you as you sat beside me. My hand must have hovered, on the verge of reaching for you, for a full minute before I forced myself to draw it back.”
“I was supposed to get angry,” John interrupts him. His voice is staccato and tightly controlled. “Why the fuck. Would you want me. To be angry, Sherlock? Hmm?”
It was not Holmes’ fault that I ended up drugged and unconscious in a coffin, minutes away from being buried alive. It never once crossed my mind that he might consider it to be so. Granted, it was he who tasked me with investigating the disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax, but it was entirely down to my own pride and impetuousness that I almost paid with my life.
“Perhaps I may after speaking with Phelps,” he replied. “We shall inform him of our movements yesterday and see what he has to say and before we determine our next move.”
“Well Watson, what do you make of the matter?” Holmes asked me, as soon as his client left. It occurred to me that he never failed to ask my opinion, despite the fact that my limited insight was certain to be of no use to him. Busy remembering the breathless sound of my first name on his lips, I confessed myself entirely baffled by the tale – not an abnormal state of affairs. Holmes, as confident as ever in his own abilities, retired to the sofa with his pipe, ordering me not to disturb him, and I sat fiddling with a manuscript at the table. It was a relief when, an hour or two later, he suggested we go to a concert, for Holmes always enjoyed music when he was mulling over a problem and I always took pleasure in his enjoyment.
“Watson, do not tell me that you are jealous,” he said, and the amusement in his voice cut me more deeply than anger would have.
I had already surmised that Holmes was not engaged in a study of medicine or any other systematic subject that would be fitting for a man engaged in earning a degree. Besides, he was a man of some 35 years, whose studies had surely long since concluded. Yet he had the habits of a scholar, despite his occasionally erratic interests, which veered from the medical, to the criminal, to the esoteric and obscure. He had an extensive knowledge of different kinds of tobacco – though he himself always smoked the same pungent brand, storing it, for reasons known only to himself, tucked inside the toe of a gaudy Persian slipper. He displayed a seemingly endless interest in different kinds of soil, often remarking on where I had been based on the traces of mud left on my shoes. He also betrayed an abiding interest in the little differences that make each man and woman unique, once or twice expounding at length about the minute variations of shade and texture in human hair or the unique points of difference that set aside each person’s handwriting. He even occasionally called on my own medical background to round out his own knowledge, enquiring as to the effect and efficacy of certain poisons on the human body one evening over supper, a strange line of questioning that perhaps should have unsettled me, but instead only increased my growing fascination. His attitude was that of an academic, yet his questions were those of a policeman or a criminal, and I spent hours analysing our conversations, attempting to decipher the key to his interests.
Despite the blow to my pride and the unwelcome evidence that my careful efforts to hide my weaknesses from Holmes had failed utterly, I must confess I was impressed beyond measure by the tiny observations that had led him to develop so complete and accurate a portrait of me. I had not known myself that I moved my arm more naturally when distracted, and although it was not entirely welcome news, signifying as it did the extent to which the state of my shattered mind was responsible for my slow recovery, I was gratified to think that perhaps my injury might not be as crippling as I had previously thought.
After dressing up we both looked like some model taken straight out of the Vogue. At least he did. He was wearing black pants, white shirt on it a maroon tie and finally a black formal vest. He had folded his sleeves which made it even more great. I was wearing a light blue shirt and on it a beige tux with matching pants.
I couldn’t join him because of my poor health. Even a bit of exertion would make me a zombie. I posted a notice in my clinic regarding the same and was just walking home when I heard my phone ring. It was Sherlock.
“Sherlock, what is it?” I didn’t know that I could have a firm voice too. He sat upright and with a small smile said, “Is it alright to get scared for your friend when he’s just a little sick?” He said this with a hint of fear but mostly innocence in his voice.
“It’s okay if you don’t want to say it.” said I, looking up at him. He smiled and kissed me and I kissed him back.
I chuckled and got up to take a look at the menu and sat in his lap. He put his head on my chest and closed his eyes.
I smirked and sat on the bed staring out the window while he placed the order. After hanging up, he sat on the chair and took up the newspaper to read. Only in a few minutes he set it aside and looked at me.
“I was thinking why are we even alive? Why doesn’t the human kind just end? Are my works of bringing justice in vain when man is itself the enemy? Also, given that the universe is so big and still expanding, are all my worries, efforts and talents useless? Isn’t man useless in this so big a space? Taking into account all our tries to study the dynamic universe, don’t people understand that we are just an accident and there’s nothing to really boast about? Their petty problems, reasons and feelings are just nothing. Yet, it seems like it’s everything. Do you follow me, John?”
“Sorry, I’m so sorry.” cried Stanley while moving his hands all over Sherlock, which maybe was to clean the coffee but, the hands also went where there was no spill.
“No, it’s fine. But yeah at least tell me what the fuck was really happening when you had broken our door.”
“Before you get all grumpy, I want to make it clear that he keeps trying on you and it makes me angry.”
He let go, so that he could breathe while I put my hand in between our faces and said, “Have I turned you on by my knowledge, sir?”
His white shirt was completely red in the torso region, the bleeding had taken away all the color from his face and he was very weak in his legs.
He was wearing the grey sports tee that I had got him, black jeans and brown sneakers. His biceps were visible to me for the first time- which were just
smile when I told him about the same. I asked him to help and he readily agreed, which was quite strange.
“I did. I was just pondering upon the existence of human life.” said he, slowly opening his eyes and facing me.
I quickly made my way to the bag. It had a tux in it, I really can’t imagine how I missed this beautiful thing.
When I woke up, it was almost seven in the evening. I couldn’t see Sherlock or for that matter, anything. It took sometime but I soon saw that he was in his recliner. I got up and switched on the lights. I guess he was thinking about something because he didn’t even wince when I did the same.
message, which told me that the case at hand was solved and which also explained Sherlock's current state.
“It’s about time to put on seatbelts and you were sleeping so peacefully. I couldn’t decide on if I should wake you up or not. When I finally decided on the latter and tried to buckle up your seatbelt myself- I woke you up.” said he, exasperation clear in his voice.
I was supposed to exercise everyday, right after I had woken up. He had prepared a daily routine for me and if not followed well, then no Sherlock for me that day. All this was to boost my stamina and immunity, which had really deteriorated. It was really funny, given that I’m supposed to be the doctor amongst us.
I went to take a shower while only thinking about what he had just said. After finally being dressed, I sat in my recliner to seriously talk about the holiday.
He was texting someone, very fast, which was unusual because one, never texted and two, even if he did it was with the speed of 1 word per minute. I wondered who he was texting and as soon as he saw the waiter heading towards our table he put his phone in his pocket and smiled at me.
While I was a fragile little fellow, the last night’s ‘At your own risk’ was for some reason. I felt very weak in my legs, my head spun if I tried to do pretty much anything and almost the whole time, I felt nauseous.
. "Trust me, John, you wouldn't want to see it. Everyone either fainted or puked after looking at it, except me of course." said Sherlock, immersed in his investigation which involved bending in weird positions to which Stanley kept staring and it further annoyed me. Not even thinking about it, I said, which I thoroughly regret, "I want to see it, well, um while describing the case we need a body, right?”
He returned with two glasses of water. He handed me one and then drank from the one in his hand. After finishing he said, “You remember you asked that if I could see any doubt in your eyes and I replied ‘No, but-?’ ”
“Yes, Sherlock, yes it is completely alright.” said I, trying to soothe a man who I thought didn’t have feelings, until now.
He had popcorn in his hands which were only his, according to him, because they were in his hands. I told him that it was stupid logic to which he said stupid or not, it was logic. It was a horror movie with pieces of comedy here and there.
“Listen to me, Sherlock.” Now I had got all his attention just because I had made my voice seem a bit serious.
“Do you have any knowledge in the field of psychology?” asked he, crossing his legs and leaning back.
A tear fell on the paper which, was mine. I hadn’t expected anything so deep and vulnerable from Sherlock. He snatched the paper from my hands and I looked up to him. He had confusion and alarm on his face.
I called the clinic and asked to only inform me when there’s any emergency. As such for the last few days, I had had very less patients. I went out dressed in casuals but with the most charming smile I could put on.
“What kind of a question is that? I would obviously stay with you and protect you.” said he raising his voice slightly.
I didn’t release him and spoke in the same position as before, “I don’t know how to explain you this. Huh, consider this. When you think someone is going to harm me would you stay by my side or go away?”
He had borrowed Mycroft’s bike. “Why didn’t you tell me about the bike? Now, wait here I’ll go bring my jacket.”
He helped me to my room but when we realized that Sherlock had zero knowledge in taking care of someone, I was carried to the sofa.
It was no use as he was already downstairs and I heard the main door close. I followed him hurriedly. He already had a taxi ready and was getting in when I came down. I couldn't take my eyes off him while he was engrossed in his case.
He didn’t say anything but let out a sigh. I thought he’d never reply, as usual, but unexpectedly he spoke, “I love to hear your heart beat. It might sound weird but I want to hear it when I’m sad or happy or angry or just every time.”
“I don’t follow you. If you don’t want me to leave then why do you say so?” confusion evident in his voice.
Hopkins and a few others were already there. The room was too hot and Sherlock was already out of his jacket and much to my disappointment Stanley saw him and uttered
“Though your little speech made my profession look even more stupid than I thought it was.” said I with a nervous laugh.
I stared at him with an open mouth which he closed by pushing it up with his right hand. I thought for awhile before saying anything, “I don’t think you’re entirely wrong but since when do you know about the universe and stuff?”
It was already two days since that incident and he hadn’t showed up or tried to contact me. I was eating my lunch alone when I couldn’t take it anymore and called him.
“What about my daily routine when we’re on our holiday?” asked I, removing my sweat drenched clothes.
We were in Amsterdam. It was already three in the afternoon and Sherlock looked in a hurry to get to the hotel. After arriving at the hotel, we were almost dragged to our room where our luggage joined us shortly.
“No, that’d suffice.” He talked to me in his incisive and cold voice which he usually used around everyone but me. But I didn’t really mind it as I was too absorbed in the conversation.
That was the last I could get out of him before he went back into his deep thinking. I returned to my room and as soon as my body touched the bed, I fell asleep.
I quickly texted him, ‘What the fuck is I love you?’ to which he replied, ‘The fuck that I feel for you.’
At 12:15 am, on New Year’s, he called and said, “Happy New Year. I love you.” and hung up. I smiled at his little ways but suddenly realized that he had said I love you.
I put my head to it and screamed and soon was a trembling mess. I locked the door and sat with my head to it. I didn’t understand what this sudden burst was about. I knew I missed him a lot but this was pure rage.
I was trying hard to maintain a straight face but when he burst out laughing I couldn’t control myself.
He slowly raised his eyes to meet mine and in a low voice said, “That’s for dessert, sir. What do you want in the main course?”
He stood there for awhile and a few minutes later I heard the front door close. I suddenly wanted to cry. I walked into the living room and towards the door.
“What the hell?” said I, as I saw Sherlock sticking out his head from the window. “Impressive. You’re up early.”
Sherlock was a man who always wore shirts. He always hid his spectacular body (which I thought he had, given his strength) under layers of clothes. I had bought him a number of t-shirts and yet he chose to wear his boring shirts. Last Christmas, I bought him sweatpants and a sports tee but he didn’t wear them either, so I finally gave up. As for me, I liked to be in casuals.
“I’ve these- these visions, these assumptions that you’re sick because of some old villain whom I put behind the bars. It scares me, John, when I think I might be the reason you die.”
I smiled as the Sherlock everyone knew had returned. I got up and got dressed. It was almost twelve and he was as annoyed as he possibly could be.
It was a cold and windy Wednesday night. The howling of wind had woken me up. I went to get some water and saw Sherlock sitting on the sofa, in the dark. I turned on the side lamp and sat next to him.
“Oh, nothing so serious. I thought of having breakfast with Mycroft, Lestrade and Stanley. Could you please stay home for that?”
I haven’t packed. You haven’t packed. And what about all the things we have to do before leaving? It’s already twelve and-”
After about an hour, he went out and sat down with his tools to fix the door ignoring my every plea to answer any of my questions. Soon I gave up and went to make dinner, completely annoyed. He was done very soon and then came into the kitchen and hugged me from behind. I didn’t pay any heed to whatever he did next and it took a lot of effort for the same.
“Packing is done. All the other errands are being carried out as we speak. You can relax and let me do my work." I nodded and went away into my room, thinking who the hell was the man in our living room.
I got a call from the clinic and was away for rest of the day. When I came back, I saw Sherlock with his laptop,  typing furiously. I decided to freshen up first and then talk to him.
During my school days I had been intimately associated with a lad named Percy Phelps, who was quite brilliant, almost – although naturally not quite – as brilliant as Holmes. He was two forms above me and although we rarely crossed paths, I soon developed a confusing fascination with him that left me daydreaming about him at all hours. I had been nursing my attachment to him for some months when he at last noticed me, and we began a short-lived but passionate affair. Although our interlude of swift and urgent experimentation was a revelation to me in many ways, and seemed to engross him equally, we had remained more discreet than many of the boys at school due to Phelps’ family connections. His uncle was Lord Holdhurst, the great conservative politician, and while some youthful indiscretions among some other of our classmates might perhaps have been met with a blind eye, he could not afford the possibility of the least hint of scandal.
“No more,” he says. “Promise me. No more jumping in front of cars or out of windows. No more inhaling or shooting or otherwise ingesting unknown toxins. No more playing with snakes or knives or fucking chainsaws. I’m not saying you can’t do your job. I’m not trying to change who you are. I’m not asking you never to get hurt again or not to put yourself in some danger when it’s really necessary. I’m just asking you to be a bit more careful. I don’t care who you’re trying to capture or whether you think they might escape. I know you’re clever enough to think of other ways. And if you can’t think of one, you let them go – temporarily – and we’ll think of one together. Promise me. Okay? I don’t ask you to do that, usually. I never ask, but I need you to promise me, this time, about this one thing.”
“Oh really?” Holmes hands were slowly mapping the skin of my back, making it hard to concentrate. “In what way, exactly, did I lack subtlety? As I recall it, you were the one who kissed me.”
“They are just stories,” I whispered. “They protect us. He is not you… and I hope devoutly that I am not him.”
“I cannot make any promises. I am a busy man,” I responded, which, to my surprise and delight, elicited the first wink I had ever seen Sherlock Holmes give.
John can never get a full sentence out when he’s this angry and Sherlock bites back a smile as the smaller man stutters and stops and starts again, his lean, upright frame practically vibrating with frustration.
He spreads his whole hand across John’s upper back, feeling the minute shift of muscles under his fingers and palm.
John’s voice is still sleepy but now it’s faintly amused, as though Sherlock is engaged in one of his more scathing personal deductions – the ones he likes to throw at Donovan and Anderson when they’re being particularly insufferable. The ones John pretends he doesn’t enjoy but that always make him want to smile.
“I needed to know how much liquid a standard double mattress would absorb from a man’s leg if it were severed post-mortem, frozen and then left to defrost.”
I could not help turning to see Holmes’ face. He was reclining once again on the sofa, his pipe in one hand and his notebook in the other, already running his eye over what he had written as though my remark was utterly without interest. His tone had been so dismissive that it might never have crossed his mind that he might find any other human being on earth attractive. Perhaps, I thought, he never had. He did not seem surprised by my declaration, however, and I wondered if he had already observed the intangible connection that had sprung up between myself and his client. If he had, he did not seem discomforted by it. I hated myself for wishing that he did.
Holmes glanced curiously at me but said mildly, “Of course you are most welcome to remain, I shall be glad of your presence.”
He took it from me gently and sipped once, depositing his glass on the table and moving to the sofa to pat Phelps gently on the shoulder with his uninjured hand.
I shook him by the shoulder, somewhat more violently than intended, and he gave a lazy, drugged smile.
The aching in my muscles worsened quickly on the short ride back to Baker Street and by the time we reached home I was wracked with pain, my whole body shaking as though in an ice bath as the fever started to burn through me. All thoughts of sitting by the fire, sipping on a brandy and sparring verbally with Holmes until we wound up resorting to a more physical form of communication flew from my head. Since returning to England, I had twice experienced a relapse of the enteric fever that had almost killed me in Afghanistan. The thought of Holmes seeing me in such a condition chilled my already icy blood. I was in such a hurry to get home and take myself to bed, alone, that to my mortification I tripped on my way up the stairs to our flat and Holmes lunged forward to catch me around the waist as I staggered, almost falling. By the time we reached the hallway of our flat he was eyeing me with unprecedented concern.
“Far from it,” he replied. “She will call on us at Baker Street tomorrow morning. She professes to believe that we can come to an arrangement.”
Holmes spent the train journey deep in thought, withdrawn and distant, as I stared out of the window at the beauty of the English countryside, vivid with the first growth of spring, and wondered what horrors awaited us in Stoke Moran.
He was advancing on me as he spoke, his stance one of barely contained aggression, and his revolver flashed in the dim lamplight as he drew it with practised speed and aimed it squarely at my chest.
“My abilities, then? I may not be able to straighten a poker with my bare hands, but I have my revolver and I know how to shoot it, if I must.”
“I am sure I shall be of no help to you whatsoever. Nevertheless I shall presume to remain, if I will not be in your way,” I snapped.
“And what of the time you claim has elapsed since my last drink?” I said. His speech had certainly gone some way to calming my anger and I found myself unaccountably pleased by his description of himself as my friend, but I was little mollified by his vague references to his own hidden habits, which I surmised to be nothing more than a sop to excuse his unwarranted exposure of my own.
In the cab on the way to our mysterious meeting, Holmes leaned back against the seat, unusually disengaged. He was in an odd humour and his face looked drawn and somewhat paler than usual. I made several attempts to engage him in the conversation between myself and Miss Morstan, but he maintained his implacable silence and eventually I left him to his thoughts and the contents of his notebook, which he soon began to study with great concentration. Throughout the evening, he maintained this uncharacteristic coolness and reserve, leaving me to entertain Miss Morstan with, I confess, somewhat fanciful stories of my adventures in India and Afghanistan. I could not fail to notice that Holmes’ unusual silence provided the perfect circumstances for the two of us to grow closer. I knew, knowing Holmes as I did, that he did nothing without good reason.
When it was finally, inevitably over, I let the familiar mixture of relief and melancholy that so often followed the mindless pleasure of completion wash over me. I lay beneath my lover, gasping for breath, my body coated in perspiration and my heart thundering in my chest so loudly that I felt sure that he must hear it. Holmes had not detached himself from me and we lay like two survivors of a shipwreck flung onto the sand of an unknown shore, breathless and exhausted and filled with gratitude. When at last he withdrew, he paused to clean me tenderly with his handkerchief before he rolled over to lie beside me on the grass. I took his hand in mine, entwining our fingers as we lay looking up at the gently shifting canopy of leaves.
“Oh right, I remember, there was only a thirteen percent chance I’d look out of that window and see your brains splattered across the concrete. Cheers for that. Good calculating there, Sherlock. Really good.”
“The first we heard of it was when we received a complaint that a man had interrupted a funeral and attempted to destroy the coffin,” Lestrade continued steadily. “I was shocked to find that it was Mr Holmes, who had taken matters into his own hands. I may say, although we cannot condone entering private property without a police warrant, it was lucky for you that he did. I don’t mind telling you, doctor, that when I saw you in that coffin I thought we were too late. Mr Holmes here gave you artificial respiration. It took us almost half an hour to be sure that we weren’t going to lose you.”
I returned to my seat and to the curious eyes of my companion in turmoil, my head filled with unworthy thoughts. I recalled Holmes laughing with Harrison and realised that I did not wish them to pass any more time together. I remembered Holmes eyes on Phelps’ hand where it gripped my own and his expressionless voice as he remarked that we must have much to talk over. Then I thought of how Harrison and Phelps’ friendship had been poisoned and it dawned on me that perhaps Holmes and I were each as foolish as the other.
When Holmes explained that Harrison had fled, I knew at once that he had let it happen. I had seen his wiry strength. He would have been more than capable of subduing the smaller man once he had successfully disarmed him.
I woke with a start one spring morning to find Holmes fully dressed, standing over my bed. We had retired late the night before and, unaccustomed as I was to seeing him in my bedroom, I at first thought I was dreaming.
He turns on his heel, that abrupt military swivel, and walks out of the bathroom, leaving Sherlock staring at himself in the mirror as he tries to fix the mad bird's nest that has replaced his usual neat helmet of curls. John doesn’t walk into Sherlock’s bedroom, which he has taken to sharing more often than not over the last six weeks since Sherlock finally stopped pretending not to notice that John had stopped running his eyes up Sherlock’s neck and over his arse reflexively and started doing it when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. Instead, John heads towards the kitchen. Tea, then. John is nothing if not predictable in his habits, even if his emotions never quite seem to be what Sherlock is expecting. It isn’t until Sherlock hears John’s feet on the stairs, slow and somehow defeated, that he realises John is going up to his own bedroom.
John’s shoulders are shaking and for a moment Sherlock thinks he’s hyperventilating after all. Or perhaps sobbing. Then he realises that it’s laughter.
“I know what you are feeling,” said Holmes, with quiet certainty. At my look, which said quite plainly that I did not believe him, he once again took hold of my sleeve across the table, silently imploring me to listen.
I had already remarked Holmes’ reluctance to attend the case after Gregson’s imperious summons and the way in which he seemed to resent the police inspector’s high-handed manner and dismissive attitude. From my short observation of the man, it was clear that he would seize any opportunity to brand Holmes an amateur and question his methods, despite the fact that he clearly made a habit of coming to him for help. Although Holmes remarked to me that it was all one to him if the police claimed the credit for his work, provided that he was permitted the reward of solving the case, I intuited that perhaps, given how he seemed to feed on attention and admiration, he resented Gregson’s attitude more than he cared to show. As soon as his examination was over, he seemed to come to himself again. I saw him reassume the mantle of theatricality he had worn outside the building, playing upon his knowledge to impress and punish the two clueless inspectors.
Later, after the bemused village policeman had taken a statement and a weeping Miss Stoner had learned the true depths of her step-father’s evil and the tragic means by which her sister had met her death, Holmes and I returned to our room at the inn. It was near dawn and the horrors of the night had taken their toll on us both. Holmes looked pale and drawn with exhaustion. My limbs were heavy and my mind churning with fragmented memories of the night – the look of horror on Holmes’ face as he lashed at the snake with his cane, the agonised death cry of Dr Roylott, the glittering black eyes of the snake as it reared up with Holmes in its sights, the weeping woman who had found herself suddenly and brutally alone in the world.
“Thank you,” he said, softly. Then he turned to express his gratitude to me, his eyes shining in his thin face. Glowing with hope and new resolution, he reminded me of the boy I had once known and I had a sudden premonition of how he would look on his wedding day, once again healthy and happy, as he pledged himself to the woman he loved.
When I reached him, I caught at his elbow and he turned on his heel, a look of surprise washing over his face as he saw me standing behind him. The heat of his breath sent a plume of fog into the darkening air and I saw again how he’d looked bending down to her amid the swirling smoke.
“I didn’t rescue you,” I protested, unwilling to be distracted, even by Holmes, in his unforgettable way. “I got you locked up.”
“Watson,” he called, as I bid him a hurried goodnight. “Are you certain that you do not require anything? Why not lie on the sofa and I will make up the fire? I am in the mood to play. Perhaps some music might help you to relax?”
It was strange to see Percy Phelps again after so many years. He was lying on a sofa in a room that was furnished both as a sitting room and as a bedroom, clearly a space that had been adapted to a long convalescence. My eyes fixed immediately on his face, pale and tinged faintly yellow by long illness, his eyes limpid blue and too large in his thin face. He gave a half smile as he met my eyes and despite my shock at his appearance I found myself smiling back, suddenly reminded of the uncomplicated happiness of our former intimacy, all innocence and curiosity, free from the emotional weight and irresistible, sometimes painful pull that Holmes exerted over me.
“Nothing is the matter with me. I only wish I had left you alone with her. Perhaps then matters might have progressed more to your satisfaction.”
In the darkness, driven by anger that had soon transformed into raw carnality, I had encountered a new side of Holmes for which no amount of clandestine study could have prepared me. At last, I knew the feel of his thick hair running through my fingers, had tested the way the tender skin of his neck responded to the firm pressure of my lips. He had undressed me slowly, controlling his own lust and stoking my swiftly rising need with the insistent questing press of his lips along the line of my clavicle and the gentle caress of his fingers on the frayed, ruined skin of my scars. Now I knew how it felt to command his full, undivided attention and it was as intoxicating and terrifying and arousing as I had dreamt it would be. Holmes on the trail of a criminal was mesmerising to watch, thanks to his single-minded focus, his unflagging energy and his flashes of brilliance. In bed, I now knew, he deployed all three of these qualities to devastating effect.
“It doesn’t tell me very much, but I know better than to assume that you can draw no conclusions from it.”
“No. You didn’t. You did not need to know what it felt like. You’d already seen its fucking effects. You’ve never stabbed yourself in the chest but you accept that as a cause of death. You’ve never hung yourself or shot yourself in the head or jumped off a building. Once you figured out it was a drug you just couldn’t resist knowing how the high felt, could you? Even if it killed you. It’s not my safety you don’t care about, it’s your own. It could have sent us both mad, for fuck’s sake. Did you even think about that?”
Holmes had never spoken to me thus and I believe my surprise and happiness showed on my face because he leaned down and kissed me softly. It was not like any kiss we had shared before and it sent a rush of warmth through me, like the glow after the first sip of a fine Scotch. I had never imaged that Sherlock Holmes could kiss me so gently or with such simple affection.
“I did not know anything of your whereabouts or of the threat facing Whitney,” I admitted. “His wife came to Baker Street and asked me to bring him home. I have never been so shocked as I was to see you at that window. But I still do not understand why you were in disguise or why you allowed Wainwright to arrest you.”
“You need not say more,” I assured him. “I am well aware that succumbing to an attack of fever when your country needs you is not an attractive or estimable quality in a man.”
“I admit I had not foreseen that my scheme would involve a trip to the cells,” he smiled. “But flexibility is a necessary attribute for a consulting detective. If I recall correctly, it is a quality that both doctors and war heroes also possess.”
“I own nothing of the kind,” I said, choosing not to raise the fact that I had allowed myself to stare at him so avidly only because I had thought that his eyes were closed. “And, as of last night, you can hardly claim to have been subtle about your own interests.”
“I did not forget you,” he said. “I took as little as I could of the opium, for I had to remain vigilant, but try as I might it fogged my brain and left me dazed and disordered. When you appeared before my eyes in that nightmarish street, I thought I was hallucinating. But I know I did not hallucinate you breaking down a door to get to me.”
“Holmes, I did not notice the needle marks. I did not know of your dependency until I discovered you half dead just now. And I confess I cannot understand why you, of all people, would choose to poison yourself in this way.”
John is silent. Sherlock waits, staring at the trousers John bought him to wear home from the hospital, horrible soft cotton things with a drawstring waist, obviously provided by one of Mycroft’s minions. John should have spoken by now. But still he says nothing. Sherlock doesn’t look up.
“You admire her,” I said, and my voice must have betrayed my agitation because he turned to me and examined my face carefully.
“Come Holmes, you must stop this. Phelps has eyes for no one but his wife to be,” I said, exasperated. My heart soared as I sensed him break into laughter behind me.
John’s neck is so tense that his tendons are showing and he’s struggling for control, taking deep breaths to bracket each set of words, squeezed painfully out of his mouth like juice from a dried up lemon.
As I spoke, I leaned over his prone form and picked up the empty glass hypodermic. Placing it on the floor beside me, I licked my finger and wiped the drop of dried blood from the crook of his arm, where his shirtsleeve was carelessly rolled back. Without thinking, as though the blood were my own, I licked the finger clean. The taste of metal shocked me into recognition and I was momentarily glad that Holmes eyes had slid shut once again. Then, suddenly insensed, I took him by the shoulder and shook him again.
“Annie has not seen it but it would be easy enough to confirm,” he said, flushing slightly. “I believe it was the knowledge that I would lose not just my career but also my closest friend and my future wife that precipitated my illness. The fever came upon me so suddenly that Joseph grew alarmed and rang the bell before our conversation was resolved. In the end, Annie and my mother decided that he should quit his bedroom, where I remained to recover. I lay insensible for nine weeks. It was Annie who cared for me, administering to me like an angel as I raved. I do not know why Joseph did not tell her. But last night, as I lay alone for the first time since our conversation, I woke to find him outside my window, engaged in attempting to break in. I do not know what he intended, but when he realised that I had seen him, he fled. I am very much afraid that he has hatched some monstrous conspiracy against me.”
Ignoring his final words, which threatened to divert me from the several questions that were battling at the forefront of my mind, I focused, with some effort, on what I felt to be the most urgent point.
I believe we were both glad to arrive quickly at our new lodgings, which I found to be comfortably furnished and altogether desirable. To my great relief, I learned that while Holmes was to take the downstairs bedroom, my own was located up a flight of narrow stairs, where any sounds I might make during my troubled nights would be unlikely to penetrate to Holmes’ ears. That very evening, I moved my few possessions from the hotel to our new home and the following day Holmes arrived with several boxes and portmanteaus in tow. Over the next few days, we began to settle into an easy rhythm. Despite his claim to work from home, I found that Holmes was often from the flat, perhaps pursuing his experiments at the laboratory. Once or twice, he returned covered with mud and sadly dishevelled, explaining only that he had taken a long walk and that his route had led him to some of the lowest portions of the city.
Rising from the chair I had occupied by the window, I crossed to the sofa where he sat, his face set and determined.
Life was not perfect. Moments like these, when Holmes was mellow and satisfied in the wake of a case brought to a successful close did not last long. By tomorrow – if not sooner – he would be craving a new problem as an addict craves his pipe or his hypodermic, desperate for a puzzle to occupy his lightning-sharp, restless, occasionally torturous mind. I still had nightmares that left me with shaking limbs and wet cheeks, still fell into spells of anxiety so sudden and severe they left me gasping for breath, still reached for the bottle when life seemed too difficult to bear. Holmes still fell into black moods, still refused to speak for hours or days. He still turned to his seven percent solution and his syringe at times when the injustice and cruelty and bleak obviousness of the world overwhelmed him, though he knew that it hurt me to see him glazed and electric, thrumming with unnatural energy. But he had ceased taking morphine since two weeks after he had seen, in the tears I could not keep from my cheeks, how much it pained me to witness him indolent and lethargic in its grip, his thoughts abnormally sluggish and his body loose and pliant and halfway to death.
This was the state of affairs when one night, after a long day at the end of a long week spent chasing down the man responsible for a grotesque and convoluted crime involving a peacock, a stolen antique Aztec sacrificial knife and a map of the London sewers, Holmes and I were caught in a torrential winter downpour and were soaked to the skin before we could hunt down a cab. Sitting in the hansom, shivering and laughing at Holmes, who had removed his hat to reveal hair plastered to his head and whose clothes were clinging to him in a rather interesting manner, I was as happy as the detective himself, who had contrived not only to catch the criminal but to present his ingenious solution to the case with a particularly theatrical flourish in front of half of Scotland Yard's finest, to the chagrin of Lestrade and two other inspectors who had been chasing entirely the wrong man for a week. Taking a rather uncharacteristic risk, I slid closer to my him in the cab, feeling the cold of wet tweed and then the warmth of his skin beneath as my leg pressed against his. Placing one of my hands discreetly between us so that it rested half on my thigh and half on his, I leaned back in my seat and sighed in contentment at the thought of a warm fire, one of Mrs Hudson's excellent suppers and a night spent celebrating another success in Holmes’ bed. I was still shivering, however, and the wound in my shoulder was aching. As the minutes passed, the exhaustion that I often experienced after one of our cases hit me suddenly and much harder than usual. Holmes glanced at me in concern as I shifted restlessly and rubbed at my shoulder through the wet fabric of my waistcoat and shirt.
Sherlock follows him upstairs, preoccupied with the feel of John’s short fingers threaded through his longer ones. When they reach John’s bedroom, Sherlock stands still and silent, letting John undress him and urge him onto the bed while he removes his own clothes.
Holmes did not reply. His eyes were closed again, and he lay as though sleeping. Now that I had made the connection, however, the signs were unmistakable. I had seen morphine addicts before, doomed to remain forever dazed and lost, never having found their way back from the dreams they had escaped into to forget the pain of shattered bones and missing limbs. I had administered it myself, in Afghanistan, to the men I thought might live to see the next morning and been given it in my turn at the hospital in Peshawar, in those early days when my body was afire and I thought the flames would kill me. The heavy blanket of the drug had allowed me to survive my injuries, turning the pain from a scream to a whisper, still present but distant, waiting to pounce, like a vicious dog tied up just out of reach, slowly gnawing through his rope. But Holmes was a healthy man. I thought of all the times that I had been confounded by his sudden changes of mood, the days when he would not leave the sofa and the strange lassitude that replaced his fits of restless energy. The anger I felt caught in my throat and I almost choked on his name, swallowing convulsively even as I tried to speak.
“Damn you man, I’ll have the truth from you yet,” I said to Holmes, whose face had resumed the exhausted, vacant expression of the old beggar I had found in Swandam Lane.
“Now wait a moment,” the inspector said, to my surprise. “You’ll forgive me if I take the word of an army man over that of an opium peddler.”
“What the fuck were you thinking?” John finally manages and Sherlock rewards him for successfully vocalising a whole sentence by actually answering.
It takes him ninety seconds to slide his phone into his jacket pocket and put his coat on and then he’s out of the front door, John rushing after him. Annoyingly, he has to wait at the bottom of the stairs for their client to catch up, as he’s forgotten to ask for her address, but then the three of them are on their way to Stoke Moran and Sherlock’s more excited than he’s been in ages.
“But there is no one here who could have pushed him,” I objected. “I feel sure that I was simply mistaken in what I saw.”
“Much that appears shadowed can be easily discerned if you have a light to shine on it, Watson,” he said.
“I will tell him that his troubles are over,” Holmes replied. “She got what she wanted, and I do not believe she will bother him now. His marriage is no longer of concern to her. She has won her freedom and retained a means to safeguard herself against any retaliation he might see fit to take.”
When at last I came to myself, exhausted and emaciated, I was a ghost of the blithe young Doctor Watson who had set out to Afghanistan, driven by thoughts of the men I would save. Instead, I was haunted by thoughts of the friends I had failed. The month’s journey to England on a troopship did little to improve my condition and by the time I landed at Portsmouth, not only was my physical health irretrievably ruined but I began to fear that I was to remain a ruined man forever. I have recorded for the public some few details of my first weeks in England and the featureless, anonymous hotel in the Strand where I began to while away my days and my money with meaningless distractions. What I omitted to record was the ways in which my time and money were spent, and I am ashamed even now to recall the card games and drinking and the women and men in whose bodies I found some temporary escape. Some I paid after a rare night of luck at the tables, though I had never thought to buy my lovers before the war. Others, I met at the docks or in one of several London alleyways I came to know rather too well. I was careful. I was, after all, still a doctor, although I might never practice as one again, and I had no desire to come by any unlooked for offspring, nor a missing nose.
I had wanted to hit him the night before. Now I did so, driven not by rage and hurt but by half-delighted outrage at his arrogance. This punch was playful and unmistakably, dangerously tender. I reminded myself that Holmes missed nothing - I well knew how much he abhorred sentiment. But as I sank my fist into the firm cushion of his chest, he was laughing in his strange silent way. He grasped my forearm in an iron grip, pulling me on top of him so that our bodies collided and I found myself sprawled in his arms, our faces so close I could feel his breath on my cheek.
His was smiling at me, his hair wildly dishevelled and his face glowing with what I suspected might be joy. I suspected as much because I was fairly certain that my own expression mirrored his.
In answer, he kissed me, his firm lips slamming against mine with unexpected violence. His hands were fisting in my hair and I found myself kneeling between his spread knees, gripping his shirt tightly, bunching it against the firm muscles of his back as our tongues duelled and our breathing sounded loud and urgent in the silence. Holmes moaned as I drew back, catching his lower lip between my teeth as I did so. For a moment I was staring into his eyes, wide and black with desire above flushed cheeks, and then his hand was at the back of my neck and he was kissing me again, even more urgently than before. He did not pull back, even when his hands slid round to my chest and he began to unbutton my waistcoat. As he fumbled with my buttons, he sure fingers suddenly uncertain, I ran my hands up his strong thighs, feeling the thick muscles give beneath the firm press of my fingers. Finding the bulging evidence of his arousal at their apex, I began to stoke him through his trousers, at which he pushed my waistcoat roughly off my shoulders and tore so urgently at my shirt that I felt one of the buttons fly off and heard it skitter away across the floor.
Phelps was alone in his airless convalescent room when Harrison showed me in. He half rose when I entered, his hand outstretched towards me, and then fell back onto the sofa as though exhausted. His face seemed even more drawn and pallid than the previous day and as a medical man I felt concern stir within me at the sight of him. Harrison soon left us alone together and Phelps began to speak in a harried, distracted way of this and that, harking back to our schooldays and remarking on the current professions of some of our fellows, many of whom I had lost touch with over the years. I grew increasingly confused as his rambling recollections continued and eventually, when it seemed that he had neither the inclination to pause in his speech, nor to explain the reason for his summons, I interrupted him mid-flow.
When I descended the narrow staircase from my bedchamber to find a stranger named Mr Merryweather and a Yard man named Jones standing in the living room, I was shocked to learn that they would be accompanying us on our venture. Suddenly certain that the inspector would divine at a glance what had passed between Holmes and I, I found myself unusually silent as Holmes took his hunting crop from the rack and urged us all out into the street, Jones making an unfortunate comment about “hunting in couples again,” as we climbed into the waiting cab.
“Thank you, my dear fellow, but I shall be more comfortable in my own bed,” I insisted, willing him not to press the matter.
“Well man,” he said, poking at Holmes’ still form with the toe of his boot. “How came you to be here, in a locked room, rather than below with the other lost souls? And what have you to say to this man who believes he saw an old friend at that very window?”
“I would not go so far as to call it a success,” he said, still examining her image. “I am man enough to admit when I have been beaten. I believe I will keep this photograph. It is a good likeness of her. She is quite as smart as I supposed – more so, as indeed she has proven. Still, I do not imagine that our paths will cross again.”
“My dear Watson,” he said. “It is not that I did not want you in the room. You are simply the only person I trusted enough to carry out the manoeuvre on which the success of the plan depended. Please believe me when I say that she holds no attraction for me. She is a woman, for one thing, and we are not all as flexible in that regard as you. And even if she were not, she would not tempt me when I have you by my side.”
The still waters of the lake shone like a mirror, reflecting the clear blue of the sky and a few scattered clouds, as soft and white as thistledown. Impulsively, I bent down and picked up a small stone, throwing it in a long arc out into the centre of the water so I could watch the sunlight glittering in ever-shifting patterns of brilliance as the ripples expanded from the point of impact. It was late summer and the air was warm and still and filled with the lazy buzzing of bees and the sound of birdsong. Holmes had removed his frock coat and draped it over the back of a small bench overlooking the water. He stood in grey pinstriped trousers, his crisp white shirt overlaid with a simple grey waistcoat that brought out the pewter colour of his eyes. He was lost in a brown study, gazing at the water from beneath the spreading boughs of an ancient oak tree. The dappled sunlight kissed his hair and accentuated the beloved angles of his face and I wished suddenly that I was a painter so that I might capture him in all his vibrant, heart-breaking perfection.
It seemed all there was to be said. We lay, entangled on Holmes’ bed, in silence, as fierce joy and lingering sorrow warred in my chest. After some time, his breathing slowed and I realised that he had fallen asleep, curled around me. I kissed his forehead very softly and he stirred against me, tightening his arms around me.
Before I could respond to this outrageous statement, there was a rustle of fabric in the dark and suddenly Holmes was looming behind me, his hands gripping my shoulders. He held me in a vice-like grip as he bent forward and ran his tongue down the side of my neck. His mouth was burning hot in the cold of the cellar and it paused over my pulse point, as though measuring my increasingly rapid heartbeat. I felt, more than heard, Holmes’ words as he ceased his ministrations to whisper in my ear: “Bend over the crate and do not make a sound.”
I almost refused. I had opened my mouth to tell him to go to hell when his lips closed on my earlobe and he caressed it so gently and with such wicked intent that I instantly remembered his mouth on another part of my anatomy and I felt myself harden in seconds beneath my clothes. Holmes was kissing his slow, clever way back down my neck, already sliding my coat from my shoulders, as I stood and, without a word, did as he ordered, allowing him to slip my coat off before I leant forward, bracing my forearms on the surface of the crate, my revolver lying close beside me.
“It is true that your observations were not entirely welcome, but if we are to be friends, as you have described us, then it is time I stopped attempting to hide my failings from you,” I responded, as warmly as I could. “I am, as you have seen, a weak man. A broken man. A man who does not have full control either of his own body or his own mind. But should you still wish to call me your friend, despite my flaws, I would be happy to take on the role.”
Sherlock, who was a bit surprised by my question, said "He brings me cases which are peculiar. Why?"
As our relationship grew older, I realized that love and attention wasn’t something that was absent from Sherlock’s life but it was something which he required in abundance. As for him, the biggest realization until now was that I loved flowers because they had a nice smell and created a romantic atmosphere and not because they helped in the process of reproduction of plants.
“It’s open, Locky.” I giggled like a small girl but soon shut up feeling embarrassed on what I was doing.
“You told me to go away but I wanted to stay near you. I couldn’t think of a better place than the streets so I stayed there until you called.”
I jumped on the bed and pulled a blanket over me, Sherlock was talking to someone at the door. As soon as he saw me in the bed he shouted, “NO!” then came running to me and propped himself beside me.
I knew he’d wake up soon so I decided to think on why was he acting, well, the way he was- in the same position. I didn’t really know much about the big case. Something must’ve happened there. Maybe he was acting and putting up a little show for the villain. Maybe the suspect was in this hotel. Maybe he was going to propose. Or maybe he really wanted to show how much he loved me.
It was three in the morning when I heard Sherlock shouting something in, which I think was Japanese.
We were about to leave when Sherlock pulled me closer to him and whispered in my ear, “We’ve a lot of fun ahead of us.”
, to which Sherlock replied, "Yes, it's so hot in here. Somebody please go and check the thermostat."
Almost ten days gone by and I missed him a lot. I had many a times picked up the phone to call him but didn’t want to disturb his focus, so had put it back down. I was sitting in my recliner thinking of how childish he could behave sometimes but then also become the man of my dreams. I remember when we had first met I thought that he had a multiple personality disorder but soon understood that’s just who he is. A witty, innocent and arrogant bastard.
I handed over the file to the diener but she didn't even notice it as she recognized Sherlock. Letting out a sigh, I followed Sherlock. He seemed to perfectly remember where the body was kept and opened it himself. I lifted the sheet off of it's face and understood what the other people went through. My hand just froze somewhere over it. Not that I hadn't seen ghastly wounds but this was, just a ghastly face. It was a woman, in her late twenties or so, eyes still open. The horror was in her neck. It was unusually long and halfway through, it suddenly bent a good forty-five degrees. Her face also had the most wretched expression as if some inhumanly power caused her end.
The next morning, almost at eight, I saw him on the sofa with his head tilted back and hands in the middle of his legs which were outstretched in front of him. Eyes closed and breathing softly. I saw his phone, it had Stanley's unopened
It was a great room with a large window at the end and a bed facing the same. Decorated with all the essential furniture for a bedroom. Overall, it was a sweet place for a temporary stay.
I quickly removed my hand from his and put it in his back pocket. Without missing a beat, he put his arm around my waist.
“Since when I got competition.” he looked at me and kissed me on my forehead. Since when could lunatics make you all warm from the inside?
“I did and a lot. But what just happened, and your ignorant behavior has upset me.” said I with anger evident in my voice.
“Also, if you’re not standing at the door in five minutes I’ll dump you in Amsterdam and go back.” He said it without the slightest humor in his voice.
“If you ever want to hear mine just put your hand on your chest.” Said I and with that he removed his hands and pulled me into his arms and started…crying? I pulled back instantly and saw a teary-eyed and red Sherlock. A tear fell on my hand, I wanted to say something to comfort him but I just froze there.
Our apartment was a cozy little place. My room was opposite to Sherlock's on the second floor. The first floor was accommodated by Mrs. Hudson and the ground floor was to park cars, which nobody had.
The next morning, I went to work sharp at seven in the morning and returned only at nine in the evening. I couldn’t see Sherlock so I had my dinner and went to bed. The same thing happened for the next few weeks and I saw very little of Sherlock.
“No, I have no desire to watch you clean yourself. Also, don’t call me that.” said he in his cold and ironical voice.
“Doc, I guess then I’ll have to shoot the both of us sometime,” said he, his expressions changing back to his cold self.
“I think more than 5 days. I usually don’t keep count. Why?” he didn’t even look at me while saying all that, as if he was ashamed but his tone didn’t agree with that.
Sherlock seemed unaffected by either the horror or the comedy whereas I was the exact opposite. By the time the movie ended I was almost on Sherlock. He didn’t say anything but cautiously moved the popcorn away from me.
“About all the things I’ve hidden from you and have never paid any heed to your questions regarding the same. But now, I guess, I can answer all your questions.”
When we reached the apartment, I went straight into my room and slammed the door behind me. I only came out for dinner and didn't even bother to look where Sherlock was. At midnight, I heard our front door close and therefore came out to see who it was. It was Sherlock, in the grey tee. As soon as I saw him I went back and closed the door. Later that night, I heard him knock on my door but I pretended to be asleep. I felt Sherlock shaking me and shouting to wake up and I suddenly opened my eyes. He said that he needs my help as another murder had taken place, of the similar kind as today's. I argued that I already felt weak in my spirits and body so I couldn't be of much use but he pressed on. Finally, I got up and got dressed. We hurriedly left the apartment and I took my gun with me. On arriving at the scene somebody said that the body was gone and they couldn't find it anywhere in the near abouts, Sherlock muttered something about incompetent allies and made his way to the crime scene. Whereas I was still frozen in my place, not by the news of the missing body but by hearing my name in a street which was almost empty. I tried to move but couldn't as if something was gripping my legs, I shouted for Sherlock but soon the darkness enveloped me and I could hear someone say my name clearly as if from just behind me. I slowly turned and found a woman staring at me with that bent neck. I tried to shout for Sherlock one last time, before I began to give in to unconsciousness, I could hear footsteps and shouting in the background but was too cataleptic to respond.
I couldn’t believe him. He had thrown open the whole door and had made as much noise as possible and was now shushing me!?
He stiffened on hearing my words but quickly relaxed and said, “What some John Watson? Also I just wanted to apologize and spend all my time with you, for a few days.”
“Well,” said I crossing my hands in front of my chest, “I’m gay too.” All raised their glasses and shouted ‘Cheers!’
This left me speechless. I knew he worried for me but caring was a very big word. I guess I blacked out for a second because when I returned Sherlock wasn’t there.
“Don’t disturb me.” Said he and kissed me on the forehead and then pulled on his sleep mask which had weird hearts on it which made me snicker.
Soon, I was really bored. The seat on the other side of me was empty and Sherlock sat in the aisle seat, preventing me from making any small talk with others. I put my head on his shoulder and draped my left arm around him. I felt him smiling and soon relaxed. I guess I fell asleep cause when I woke up I had an overly annoyed Sherlock looking down at me.
He said that I should order. I knew some of his tastes, which were very few because he hated food altogether. I ordered the same for both of us and we sat in silence until the food arrived.
"It's nothing." said I and for the rest of the ride stared out of the window. Sherlock looked at me for awhile and then got back to thinking about the case.
He looked at me with very sad eyes and dropped his head back on the recliner. I almost ran to him and sat near his feet with my hands on his knees.
I went into the kitchen and made myself a cup of cold coffee. I was making my way to my recliner when Stanley unnecessarily stretched his leg and I tripped and half the coffee fell on Sherlock.
Sherlock was sleeping peacefully when I got up. It was always a delight to watch him sleep. With a quick kiss on his forehead, I got up and went to the toilet, got dressed and then made tea for the both of us.
It was a Monday morning and I was supposed to be at practice early but I had overslept and was now hurriedly dressing up when I heard Stanley’s voice from the living room.
I didn’t even know our destination. You might think that I’m stupid but if you have a leopard as a companion, you can’t even catch glimpses of your own ticket. After being seated in the airplane, Sherlock elbowed me to my seat and was talking to the air hostess. After a good five minutes he came and settled beside me.
Do you even-” but I couldn’t go any further for the waterworks had begun and I went into my room and locked the door.
Mycroft was already present and we were soon joined by a person who looked as if somebody had sucked the life out of him, i.e., Stanley.
He finally stopped shaking and tried to smile. I got him to stand and walked with him to his room while he kept repeating to himself, ‘I told you so.’
"What do you know? Maybe you’re gay that’s why none of the girls stay.” said Sherlock, his voice becoming squeaky from time to time.
” shouted I and almost carried him and carefully seated him on the sofa. “What the fuck happened? Let me take your shirt off and bring the first-aid box.”
“l thought we were again doing the commander thing.” Said he with a smug smile, evidently satisfied with his retort.
I informed Sherlock that I was going to sleep, just as I had finished the soup, to which he asked if I wanted to hear a story, which I think was sarcastic, though his expressions were very genuine. I said no, regretting the same.
I went near him, careful not to make any sound. He was still in his yesterday's clothes which aroused unknown desires in me. Well, unknown only with respect to him. I knew he had dated no one, which was because he thought it was not essential. It's even a puzzle to understand how he knew that he was gay. I went and sat next to him. Even this did not wake him up which meant I was free to do anything.
Sherlock had this baffling case at hand and he had requested me to come. It was almost nine in the morning and I was completely dressed but, and for the first time ever, Sherlock was late.
evidence was a garbage bag with lots of money which Watson had himself put out. He was simply trying to distract us from something big that’s going to happen. So I’m going to check on it too. I’m sorry if I’m not there when you wished me to be.” And he hung up.
He looked at me as if I had said something really stupid. After all the staring he went out without a word and I followed suit.
"What?" said I, not able to catch much other than the aforementioned words. Sherlock glanced towards Stanley clearly stating
Now we all turned towards Lestrade who had a horrible expression on his face, “No, I’m not gay. I love boobs,” said he, as if it was an achievement.
He got up from his recliner and sat next to me on the floor. I guess I saw his trembling hands but he quickly put them between his crossed legs. He looked at me for awhile with confusion but suddenly making a decision he said,
“MPD or Multiple Personality Disorder. Usually caused after the person has endured a lot of emotional or physical abuse, or simply put- result of a traumatic event or accumulation of many. The brain forms one/many identities, mostly to protect itself. When the formed persona takes over, the real being doesn’t remember a thing about it and thinks it was sleeping. Unaware of some other person residing in them, the patients find themselves in weird scenarios and the body may experience fatigue. As far as-”
I lifted his right hand and placed it on my chest while put his left hand on his chest and stood there silently. He soon realized that the beats were synchronized and his eyes widened a bit.
. I was confused and asked Mycroft about the same. At first he said that you wanted to kill me but I said that it isn’t possible so he told me that you possibly liked me.”
On thanksgiving, we had a big fight of sorts on his usual absence on Christmas Eve. I had firmly told him to be present at seven in the evening on Christmas.
The apology part was scribbled with a pencil. I looked up to him and he smiled. He bent towards me and put his right hand on my left cheek. I slapped it away. Surprised by this he sat there like a child who was denied of his chocolate bar. Taking pity on him I said, “Try again.” with a smile on my face.
I didn’t let him finish that wretched sentence as I put my lips to his and after breaking apart said, “Sometimes you are just the romantic but then again you also fuck everything up with your stupid cold-heartedness.”
I removed his shirt and saw that the blood wasn’t his but it was being sprayed out from a bag. As soon as I saw it, I fell on the floor while that idiot kept smiling. I stood up and said, “
He looked up and stared at me for an answer but when I didn’t speak for quite a while, he frowned. I smiled and stood up. His face grew pale but when I held out my hand he grasped it in a fraction of a second. I beckoned him to stand up, which he did.
Sherlock went into his room and brought his sheets, I was going to object but the next thing he said made me go quite, “How do you make soup?”
I kept questioning him but soon gave up and you all know why. After walking for about an hour, we went back to our room. It was getting dark outside and we had this spectacular view of the city from the window.
As soon as he had seated himself, I kissed him. A long passionate kiss which he returned with equal intensity, saying more than he could ever do with words. After parting, I said “Don’t you ever leave me like that. Even if I say so.” and hugged him. Though he didn’t return the same.
Nowadays, it was hard for me to look away when he was looking at me and his words seemed like melted chocolate.
I had no answer, so I stood up and turned to go but his voice stopped me. "John," the firmness in his voice was enough to stop millions of John. I turned to face him and to respond with a lie, "I was looking at you. I rarely see you sleeping." said I with a smile.
Sherlock was sitting on the sofa with his tea in his hand which wasn't to be drunk until he had made up his mind on whatever he was thinking about.
Not that we had never gone out but whenever we had, it was either because I was all over the place or after begging for it a lot.
“Oh, yeah. I solved the Watson case, was very simple. That blind Lestrade couldn’t even see that the coffee shop’s names were the clue and not the women. Also, the new
“Don’t tell me you didn’t know this. The most cheesy action and the romantic doesn’t know about it?” said I and chuckled though he still stood there with the same expression as before.
, his pectorals were almost tearing the tee. To easily paint a picture of him for you guys - he looked like Chris Evans from
Stanley, who was very silent until now started laughing and shouted, “Me too!” and got a laugh and high-five in return from Sherlock.
I was very annoyed at Stanley, who didn't miss a chance to flirt and touch Sherlock. "Why do you work with that Stanley?" asked I, after an awkward silence, well maybe only awkward for me.
“You’re crying. Did I do or say something wrong?” said he with still trembling hands and perplexity in his eyes and features.
"Interesting. Have you frozen in shock or you really don't mind it's appearance?" muttered Sherlock while trying to bend her neck.
Thankfully I had wrapped myself in my bathrobe and was just opening the door. After I had put on some clothes he said, “Today we’re supposed to do what you’ll say until 5 p.m. After that we’ll be going out for a dinner which I’ve specially arranged,” his smug but subtle smile soon following.
I got him some water and tea. He said he wanted to freshen up first and so did the same. He came out wearing black pants and a light blue shirt with his blue dressing gown. With naked feet he came and sat on the sofa, near me.
He smiled and said, "I heard you shouting in your sleep. Nightmare?" I seated myself in my chair and nodded. He handed me a cup of tea. I looked at him with surprise but took the cup anyway. It was too cold as if from yesterday "I made it for you last night."
He woke up at two in the morning and went to the toilet. Hurt his toe on the way back. I was still in my sitting position and somehow today had become a light sleeper. So even when he moved his leg, I woke up. In the meantime, I tried to tell myself that I just had a crush on him which would eventually go away but when I looked at him all these thoughts seemed mere lies.
But I couldn’t go any further as Sherlock was on me, his hands pinning mine above my head and kissing me with absolute urgency. I was taken aback but soon joined in.
Finally, I put my hand on his lips and said, “You are such a romantic,” with a sarcastic smile to which he said nothing but tried to remove my hand.
I turned my attention to the crime scene, might as well do some work. In a minute I realized there was no body. "Where's the body?" announced I, not really expecting any answer from anyone. "Trust- no- you- I know-" began Sherlock and Stanley together.
I woke up at seven, on a hard and warm chest. On looking up I saw him sleeping peacefully to which I smiled. Even when asleep his hand was tightly bound on my waist, prohibiting me from moving without waking him up.
His soft but robust lips caressed mine as if his life depended on them. His tongue slowly found it’s way into my mouth. His fervor affecting me, I put my hands in his hair and gently pushed and pulled. I felt his smile. Suddenly, he pushed me down on the sofa and I was staring up at him. With one quick kiss, he stood up and held out his hand to me, “Care to finish this in the bedroom?”
“Nothing. Just that it wasn’t something I told you to do, I was just replying to your statement before.” I let out a laugh and he got up from above me to perch himself beside me.
Well, at least my guy was truthful and open, which always gets confused with too straightforward and rude, but that’s okay as I understood him. I texted him to stay safe to which he, obviously, didn’t reply.
It was a sweet little place, the restaurant. Not many people were there and surely no one was there on a bike. I pointed that out for Sherlock which he dismissed with a
“Then you will end up not sleeping ever. Also we’re going on a holiday,” he said this with his usual deadpan voice but only I, or maybe you guys, would know how great both of those sentences were for me.
“Let’s start simple- whatever that we’re able to see, is it the exact moment in real time or has it already passed?”
My hands were soon in his hair and slowly slid to his neck. His body relaxed and his face was in my direction now. He looked so innocent, it was hard not to kiss him. He moved his hands and I withdrew mine. He slowly opened his eyes and said, "What are you doing?"
“Doesn’t matter, it’s here for you whenever you wish to hear it even if I’m not there.” He smiled though sadness was somewhat evident in his eyes.
He just stared at me as if saying, ‘Did I bring you some 300 miles away to do the exact same thing that we did back home?!’
“I don’t think that more than five minutes have passed since I left you alone.” said I with my voice filled with exasperation.
It was a beautiful Sunday morning. I had just woken up when I saw Sherlock making tea. It really was a great sight. Cute butt moving gracefully, hands so fast as if catching fish and mouth uttering countless curses to anything which didn’t behave as expected. I went and stood beside him.
“No, Sherlock, there are no buts. I trust you and I know you’ll never let anything happen to me. Even if something does happen,” I placed my hand on his right cheek, “I’ll never blame you, nor will you. You’ll get that bastard and kick his ass.” said I smiling, but with tears in my eyes.
You all are familiar with Sherlock’s habit, or should I say, hobby of arranging a little drama to prove a simple point.
Sherlock had texted, called and read but no case was of interest so he was pretty much on a holiday which was the ‘worst thing to happen to someone’ and is ‘really boring’.
But soon he took over and now I was following him. I didn’t think that he would’ve been a better dancer than me, not that I was some world class professional dancer, but the man who thought eating is a waste of time must not know how to dance, right?
He told me to sleep but I refused and told him that I wanted to take care of him. He argued that I could look after him even by lying down but I refused. He gave up. He tried to sleep but couldn’t. He soon got up and got his violin. As happy as I was to hear him play, I was equally unhappy with him for not resting. But it was too much to ask from Sherlock and knew I had to be content with his three hour nap.
“Well, how do you see a man, with long and equal strides, soft voice but firm manner and not very elegant but neat clothes, and are not able to deduce that he’s an army or an ex-army official?”
I quickly got up and went to look for another t-shirt. Soon I heard him chuckling. He came out of the bathroom wearing a blue shirt and previously worn grey pants with black converse whereas I was wearing a checked black shirt on dark blue jeans with white shoes.
When I moved closer again he kissed my forehead and walked away to the phone and said, “Now let’s order the main course. The dessert is almost ready.”
I couldn’t take it anymore and with one hand almost lifted Stanley and threw him out of the apartment. After slamming the door on his face I turned to Sherlock who was sitting with both his eyebrows raised.
The room was dimly lit and the light from the screen illuminated his face. I, very badly, had to control myself from devouring him right then and there.
He asked me to stay with him in his room when he tried to sleep. I got our sheets and everything into his room and made us some crepe which we ate in silence. I brought the book I was reading and sat beside Sherlock on his bed while he tried to sleep. It took him two hours to fall asleep. Thankfully, we had retired to bed early so he could get a good night’s sleep. Or so had I thought.
As he said the last words his whole body convulsed. I quickly took his hands in mine and forced him to look at me, which he ignored, “Sherlock, look into my eyes.” said I firmly, “Do you see any doubt in them?”
It was after two hours of a lot of investigation and thinking, some flirting and rejection that we left the premises for the morgue and Sherlock seemed excited. "Are you happy to see the body again or you picked up any leads?" asked I, adjusting myself in the uncomfortable seats of the cab, to which I got the reply, "Both!"
The whole night was very boring. Sherlock used the night to think in the very position I found him in the morning. Sometimes I thought he fell asleep but obviously he hadn’t.
The weather was pleasant, not too cold and not too hot. The winds blew from time to time and left me shivering, to which Sherlock responded by drawing me closer.
