“What happened?” The question is asked with firm resolve and something else that Dean doesn’t quite understand.
He breathes in deep, exhales, and then, “It’s… It’s like a voice in the back of my head. I can’t get rid of it. I know that I’m happy with where I am right now, with my family. Happier than I’ve ever been, but—but it won’t shut up. I love Cas, with everything I have but… sometimes… the voice…
Sam softened at that, “Yeah, Dean. 'Course we're okay,” Sam waited for Dean to look at him, and when he did, “I just want both of you to be happy. You guys deserve it. Fuck, if there’s anyone who deserves it, it’s the three of us. Right?”
“We never had a Dad, Dean. Well, you didn’t, I did. I had you.” Sam says calmly as if he’s stating simple facts and not ripping Dean in half with softness and kindness that Dean feels too unworthy to accept. “I think Dad never made it out of the damn house that night. I think he burned with Mom. But unlike me, you knew him before that. You knew him when he wasn’t John Winchester, Major General Asshole; you knew him as Dad. So, when you lost it all you wanted something familiar to hold onto. That’s not a crime, Dean. You were a kid, raising a kid. You wanted to be normal but couldn’t, so you settled for whatever you had. And that’s okay, dude. More than okay… But, now…” Sam exhales.
Cas sighs. Dean realizes it’s to gather up his patience. And the thought makes him resentful. However, he is unsure whether the resentment is aimed at Cas or himself. He’s more unsure of why it would be aimed at either of them.
Jack was smiling while sitting on the chair across from them against the kitchen island, “You’ll be fine, Dean. And I disagree, Sam, I think this is pretty funny.”
“That’s the thing, Cas! You don’t get it,” he says with the harshness he doesn’t wish to possess but he can’t help it, “You don’t get how fucking difficult this is, alright? You never had to come out! You just knew, no one told you that this shit was wrong, you weren’t fucking human to have to deal with having to push this shit as deep it could fucking go because otherwise, your dad would beat the crap out of you. So yeah Cas, course you don’t get this shit!”
“You’ve got both the Sons of Darkness at your disposal, General Organa,” Jesse smirked looking back at Jack, who nodded in agreement.
“I want you to be real, but I’m not sure I can bear it if you aren’t.” His voice was so low, Dean wouldn’t have heard it if he weren’t standing so close.
“Probably me,” came Castiel’s response from the doorway. He walked over to Dean, and stood there for a second, as if unsure of whether he was allowed to acknowledge what had happened between him and Dean outside of their little bubble.
God, this stupid, adorable, perfect ex-angel, “Who else would I have thought you were retiring with? Chris Evans?” Dean retorted.
So, Dean tries, “I didn’t mean those things… Of course, I didn’t… Cas—You gotta know—You gotta understand”
“You better be nice to her, you hear me?” Dean said from the passenger seat. “She’s a lady, treat her with care.”
“Really man? That’s your fucking issue here?” Dean’s anger faded a bit. “Can we please go?” He asked letting go of Cas’s collar.
“I’ll be Luke, cause the distraction. And you can be Leia and go rescue your Han from carbonite.” Jack said with a brilliant grin on his face, “Come to think of it, the Empty does feel a lot like carbonite… I don’t like it.” He added, looking perturbed as though he had been personally imprisoned in carbonite.
But unlike Dean, Cas isn’t a broken self-hating repressed little bitch boy with daddy issues, so he asks, “I’m only asking because everything seemed alright when I left a couple of minutes ago.” Cas moves forward just a bit. He reaches out slowly, “I don’t like seeing you this way. I’m only asking if you’re alright, my love… You seem–”
“Is this a no?” Sam asked. Dean turned at that. Sam looked him straight in the eye, smirking. “If that’s the case, I could always ask Cas.”
Dean remembers the feeling in his chest when he watched Cas rebel against heaven, against everything he knew and worshiped since the dawn of time. ‘
Dean shudders under Sam’s cold stare and colder tone. He inhales deeply and exhales slowly. He balls up his hands into fists, digs his fingernails into his palms, and then with all the courage he can muster up, “Pastor Jim called.”
The fight went on for a while, neither of the couple would budge. Eventually when they’d had enough Donna decided to break it up. “Let’s get the man ordained, then he can be the minister, not that he isn't very heavenly to begin with-"
Sam and Cas exchange a look and begin laughing all over again. Claire just looks at both the men confounded.
“I think your definition of 'nice' might be quite askew. Otherwise eating your cooking would never be qualified as ‘nice.’”
“It’s just that—not that you shouldn’t be proud of your score, Sam… Well, they’re laughing cause Elle Woods got a
“This is better than knocking on the Empty’s door. I’d rather take my chances with her,” Dean counters.
Cas bent his head and laid a gentle kiss on Dean’s belly. “For what it’s worth, you’re my greatest love as well.”
Cas looked out the window like he was looking back on a memory from a millennia ago. And who knows? Maybe he was. “I never knew what it meant to be home. Heaven was where we lived and served but it was never… home. I was an Angel then, so I didn’t particularly
“I’m real Cas, please…” Dean’s voice was also a small broken thing, “I- I don’t have the right to ask you for it, but please, man. Just follow me one last time… Please.”
Dean cut him off, waving his hand, “- it wasn’t just because you were Lucifer’s kid… You called Cas…” He faltered at the name, “You said Cas was your father, and man, I swear I would’ve fucking bought that. You look just like him, you know?”
Sam dropped the fork and dishtowel on the table, walking over to the dining table, he takes a seat. “What’s up? You alright?”
“If Dean can stop making heart eyes at Castiel and Sam doesn’t burn anything, then probably, yes,” Jack replied while signing perfectly. Being God apparently had some perks and Sam would be lying if he said he wasn’t jealous.
Both men bring their hands forward, eyes brimming with fierce intent as if engaged in a battle of the ages.
Dean watches Sam shift, reshape his thoughts before he begins again, “John was a fucking asshole.” Dean is taken aback, hearing Sam swear is such a rare sight, that too with so much hatred laced with every word, Dean can’t stomach it that easily. “But you are not him. You are a good man, who was never driven by revenge and vengeance to hunt. You used to hunt because you wanted to save people, help them. John was just plain fucking angry. But again, you are not him. And that’s exactly why you cannot continue letting that dead asshole define your life, control it. Trauma is generational. It can be passed down and more often than not, it is. But the thing about the cycle of trauma is that, at some point, it becomes your responsibility to break it. Or at least that’s what I believe.”
“I—I think I can make it so that—that there is no God ever needed again. I—I cou—could make the world go on without one,” Jack replies, hesitant and slow.
Jack walks over to Cas and Claire to Dean. Both the kids look at both the men for a second and then go in for a hug. Both men look at each other over the kids' shoulders with soft smiles as they hug back, eyes glistening.
“No, but why does it matter? You’re going to ask me to follow you, tell me we have to hurry before the Empty gets back, right?” Cas asked.
Claire and Jack break out laughing, almost falling over. Cas, the bastard, joins in. And in the bleary light of the rising sun, pouring in from the windows of Jody’s quaint suburban home, Sam wonders how the fuck did he get here?
“No. No. He didn’t say anything like that,” Cas replies quickly. At hearing that Sam sits back down. “It just feels like it. I can’t explain it. I mean you know better than anyone that I don’t quite understand how to navigate my emotions fully. I think I learned how to be human from Dean so this was quite inevitable, I suppose. But I have this feeling that Dean wants things to be different somehow. Maybe he doesn’t want me to make this a big deal, you know? He wants a quaint wedding but I’m forcing him into this huge event,” He adds.
Dean wishes he could drown in the guilt he feels pushing down on him. He never knew Cas was hurting all this time. He didn’t even realize it. He thought he was not like that younger, more brash Dean, but some things can’t be unlearnt unless actively working on them. Some old habits do die painfully hard and require a fuck tonne of effort. Dean needs to put in that effort. Not just for Cas’s sake, but also for his sake, so he can at least look himself in the mirror and not see John Winchester instead.
So, he does, "Are yo-are you having second thoughts about marrying Dean?” Before the other man can answer, Sam adds hastily, “I swear I won’t be upset with you or anything. Right now, I’m
Cas tries to tame his laugh, holds up a finger, asking for a pause and after taking a moment to compose himself, “’I’m an Angel of the Lord, Sam. I do not require sustenance,” he imitates himself, his old self. His posture straight and face emotionless, looking Sam dead in the eye… until he breaks into a loud giggle. Sam following close behind.
Castiel never knew his absence caused Dean distress, if he had, he would’ve done things far differently.
Dean pushes the break so hard he’s sure he’s left skid marks on the street. Cas braces himself with a hand on the dashboard but doesn’t react otherwise, almost as if expecting Dean to be this dramatic. But Dean can’t quite help it.
“Can we focus on the job at hand?” Cas screams from across the graveyard as he swings the crowbar and watches the ghost dissipate into nothing.
“Oh, I almost forgot. Are we also throwing the bachelor parties?” Claire asks calmly as she continues digging.
“Alright, alright. So, Dean was a little slow on the uptake, you can’t blame him…” Sam cut in. Dean raised his hand towards Sam as if to say,
And then they're both lost to the world the moment their lips meet. They stay in bed till both of them physically cannot without their bladders bursting.
Eileen got up from her chair and walked over to him. She softly caressed his cheek as Sam closed his eyes and leaned into it. She climbed onto his lap, straddling him. She tucked strands of his hair behind his ear with no success and then leaned in to kiss him. They kissed with a beautiful tenderness, trying to fill it with as much love and care as possible, both almost afraid of letting go, having lost each other one too many times.
Jack appeared in the bunker at the break of dawn. He stood in front of the table in the library. His heart filled with joy at the sight of his name carved below his family’s, right next to ‘
“Cas- “Sam began and then cut himself off. He needed to do this properly, needed Cas to not just listen, but understand. So he walked over to the ex-angel, turned him by his shoulder, and looked him in eye as he said, “Cas, I know we’ve been pretty shitty- “
Cas walked over and took a seat next to Jack. Jack smiled at him softly, earnestly. Cas pulled him by the shoulder and placed a gentle kiss on the top of his head.
“Eventually, we do have to get up, you know? I’ve heard there’s a whole world outside,” Castiel whispers softly.
“Can it, Hot Topic!” Dean reprimanded, as he turned absolutely crimson, all Castiel could do was smile softly at this hopeless man he had rebelled against Heaven for.
“Look, Amara,” Dean steps forward, but falls to his knees. His hands come up around his throat as Cas shouts out his name from behind.
“I think this is… stress? Or perhaps a mixture of that along with anxiety?” Cas ventures, “I think- I think, I feel like I am flying. Like I am about to land but I don’t really know what I will face when I get there. As Luke would say,
Dean huffs, making a show of wanting to move but it’s just that; a show. He remains where he is, but grumbles nonetheless, “You can’t say shit like that Cas!”
And Sam’s face broke out into a grin. That was probably the most Cas thing Cas could’ve said. Grace or not, his first priority was always going to be his family, no matter what.
Dean takes a hand off the wheel and slips it into Cas’s free one. “I have them too. In our line of work… I think nightmares become like that creepy uncle at family get-togethers. You don’t want them there but well fuck, kinda part of the package, know what I mean?”
“Maybe I- we just can’t get a perfect ending, you know?” Dean asked, looking intently anywhere but at Sam, “Maybe this is it. And we have to give up on the one fucking guy who never gave up on us.”
Claire nods again with a small smile of her own. She remembers resenting the man sitting next to her for the first time, as an Angel of the Lord. He was a force to be reckoned with, mind focused on a single purpose. To that immovable Angel, everything that was not that stood in the way of his mission was a hindrance to be done away with. She remembers thinking he was just another monster who took her family and broke it apart, falsely claiming that it was for a righteous cause that could never benefit her, because nothing that could orphan her could ever really be righteous, could it?
So, here’s how it went; in the end, it all came down to one ex-blood junkie, one drop-out with six bucks to his name, a half angel kid and Mr. Comatose. Team Free Will 2.0 against the biggest big bad they had ever faced, God Himself.
“Cas! No. Wait, man… That’s not what I meant, I just-” He said in a rush, and then when Cas stilled, he climbed into the car as well, “I just wanted to know, why here.”
“For the longest time, I thought I would never get to grow old. I was sure I was going die on the job, on some hunt gone wrong. But, clearly, I was wrong. I can finally let go, you know? I’ve paid my dues; I’ve done my time. Now I get to finally rest, and there’s no one I’d rather do that with, than you. Exactly twelve years ago, you pulled me out of hell and you’ve been saving my ass ever since. We’ve been through the worst moments of our lives, together. I think- I think I wanna balance it out by going through the best moments of our lives, together as well. I- I know, that’s a much shorter time for you now than before… b- but I promise I’ll love you enough to make up for the eternity you had to give up. You’re it for me, Cas. You’ve always been it for me.” Dean realized then; he was crying. He sighed, collecting himself, “Marry me, angel?”
Cas’s jaw would have to be screwed back on, if it opened any wider, “Really?” Cas sounded so shocked.
Claire sighs, before she can tell Jack that the world is a messed-up place and humans are willing to ignore almost anything for the sake of their own amusement, Sam walks into the room.
Cas pulls Dean back in by his hair, resting Dean's forehead on his, and slowly licks Dean’s lips while his hand grabs at Dean’s ass. Dean’s pants are so constricting at this point that he forgets why he stopped in the first place, until Cas whispers, low and sultry, “That’s a ‘fuck yes’.”
Claire laughed right in her face, “He has the emotional capacity of a popsicle, he so did not pop the question, babe, Cas did.”
“I’m multi-tasking,” Claire objects. It’s a regular old salt and burn. Besides, she’s secretly excited about the prospect of Cas and Dean
for as long as you want it to be. So, if you’re trying to leave on our account, just... don’t. Just, stay? Okay?”
Dean shifted uncomfortably. Sam realized all of a sudden, Dean wasn’t going to deflect with a stupid comeback, he was going to emote. Apparently, a lot can change in one day - especially when a drive with two drenched, oblivious men was a part of that day.
Cas caresses his face so softly that he has to close his eyes. Cas always knows exactly what he needs and right now, as per usual Cas somehow just knows Dean needs him to remind Dean that he isn’t a toxic fucked up loser. And therefore, Cas acts Dean like he is so very fucking precious.
Castiel walked over to Jack, bent down on his knees to face him, and waited for him to look up. But when he didn’t, “Come on, Jack. That’s not true. Look at me.” Jack finally did, “I love you, very much. You know that. She is not my favorite…”
Dean has his back to Cas, but he knows Cas has his hands on his waist. There’s an exasperated look on his face that Dean loves to provoke because it has absolutely no heat but always leads to so much
But of course, she wasn’t alone in her faith in the child, there was an angel watching over her who vowed to ensure that the boy would be happy and safe, and grow up to be the savior she believed him to be.
They were both utterly fucked out. Dean was sitting with his back resting on the headboard, while Cas was lying with his head in Dean’s lap. One of Dean’s hands was busy playing with Cas’s dark hair.
They left the Creator of all, the Almighty crawling and begging on his knees at some random lakeside as nothing more than a
John Winchester was a good man. He served his nation, came back home, found a girl, fell in love, got married, bought a house with picket fences, and had two boys. He had it all… until he didn’t. He lost his wife to a Demon and spent whatever life he had left seeking revenge with a single-minded focus. And for this mission, he needed soldiers but all he had were his sons, so he had to make do.
She jumps up and sits on the counter next to where Cas is pouring the coffee. He wordlessly hands it over to her. Always her first. She takes it and watches as he brews himself another cup.
Dean gets out of the car, rushes over to where Claire is leaning on her own Chevy Camaro, and begins looking around hopelessly for an ex-angel who isn’t there. So she says as much.
“Buddy, you gotta stop lying while I’m right here,” Dean said finally pulling a chair and sitting next to Sam. “You used your mojo to make him forget, how many times?”
“What if there is no way?” Dean asked later that night. Both the brothers were still in the library, Eileen on the other hand had retired into Sam and her room after dinner, having woken up earlier than both of them to buy groceries and run errands that they were too invested to even spare a thought to.
“You want to talk?” Dean cannot contain the joy that blossoms inside of him. “I mean, yeah. We’ll talk. We will I promise… But you want to?”
Castiel goes silent. He looks away. He is awful at doing things Dean would rather he didn’t. He just liked his freedom that’s all. But Dean doesn’t wish to hear it, so silent he stays.
Everyone began pulling out their wallets (except Jack) and handing 50 bucks each to Sam who accepted them all triumphantly.
“If one of them is Dean, then I don’t care how long it takes, I assure you, I’ll find a way to kill you myself,” Cas bites back.
“But I remember, when you and Dean went on that hunt with, what did Dean call them? Vamp-mimes?” Cas asks.
That was it, wasn’t it? Jack was now God. He was the most powerful being in existence; brimming with the powers of God, and the Archangel Michael along with his own father, the Archangel Lucifer. He was in a way, power incarnate.
“There’s enough sexual tension there, we couldn’t cut it with a knife,” Eileen said, “And we know for fact; right now, it’s not pent up. Kept my poor husband up all night, last night." Eileen cooed, "Which means me too by proxy!" She added as she slammed her fist on the table.
It’s Sam’s turn to sigh now, “First of all, yeah. You probably learned how to be human from Dean because he was the only human you were ever focused on- oh no, no. Don’t try to deny it- But, cause of that I was always surprised when you asked for help, you know? Dean’s not big on that one. But you are and that’s great, alright? You’re doing pretty damn good, man. And second of all, you didn’t force Dean into anything. You asked and he agreed. He made a decision, a choice, alright? And… honestly, I think you need to understand; you’re allowed to want what you want, Cas. You want a big huge annoying wedding? Have it! Your desires shouldn’t always be second to everyone else's.” Sam waits for a response.
“Sam, come on,” Dean interjected. “I have a right to be pissed off. And if he can’t handle that, then he shouldn’t have  done something so fucking stupid in the- “
“Why did you never say anything about the deal?” Dean asked. He didn’t specify which one, but he didn’t have to.
Cas shrugs, “At least, I’m not multi-tasking with your life on the line.” He turns around and begins walking back to her Chevy Camaro.
“If I don’t get any of this, it is because you don’t care to explain it to me. But have you considered that maybe it's worse because I don't get any of this and it just feels unfair all the same?” Cas says slowly and Dean remembers a moment from years ago, ‘
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean asked, his tone coming out harsher than intended. He was gasping desperately for air at this point. Man, he was getting old.
“Look, Sam, I don’t want to. Of course, I don’t!” Dean insisted, looking distraught. “I want there to be a way but, I don’t know, all those other times, we had Chuck playing us behind the scenes, what if it was him?”
, you know? But he’s shit at dealing with it all, he never had to even try… before us. He can read people, maybe but he doesn’t always understand them. All he understands are words… Words that you refuse to verbalize.”
“I hate that, you know?” Jack says, his voice small now. The music in the background is fading away, becoming more distant, growing soft.
Castiel took Dean’s hand in his nuzzled his nose into Dean’s hair gently, “You’re not emotionally constipated, just… temporarily plugged.”
“Something like that,” Sam said. And because Dean was in his own room far enough away, and because this was Eileen, kind, unjudgmental, loving Eileen, he added, “And maybe because he made Dean happy. I think I wanted him around because he gave Dean hope, and made Dean smile and… I guess he was the only person who could make Dean even consider being… himself, completely.”
Cas lets out an exasperated breath and pulls his hands away from his eyes, resting them on Dean’s shoulder, moving in closer, their lips a hair apart, “You misuse my devotion for you, Dean.” And then he leans in.
“You gotta ask for what you want,” Dean looks at Cas, hoping his eyes convey that he’d bring Cas the stars if he ever asked for them.
Dean’s still getting dragged, but he looks back at Cas and says, “Guess you’re just plain mine, angel.” He winks. And the last thing he sees before Sam shuts the door while grumbling about them being a couple of sappy teenagers, is his angel blushing. Dean’s never seen a better sight.
“I think that’s more than fair,” Jack says with a smile. “But you can’t hurt people, or I will have to—”
“Nah uh, not you,” Amara says, her hand stretched out towards Dean. Her fingers curling around the shape of Dean’s throat from afar.
“They’re in Lebanon, so not that far. I’ll be nearby if need be, but I don’t think there will be a need.” Cas finally stopped, picked a jar of Jelly from the shelf, and began examining it intently, “Why is this so expensive? I should start looking for a job… Do you think the price difference reflects greatly upon the taste?” He asked turning towards Sam, finally noticing the shock on his face.
Cas followed closely behind, “One of the regrets I had to live through in that god-awful place was not spoiling Jack enough. So, take it or leave it, Samuel.”
“Really?” Claire sounds surprised and ecstatic. Cas on the other hand just looks disquiet, and just nods in response, before walking off.
Cas got up, putting his leg over Dean’s, straddling him. He sat down on Dean’s lap and held Dean’s face in both his hands with so much care, Dean’s heart felt like it could burst with love. Then Cas began peppering tender kisses across his face. Dean smiled, knowing Cas was trying to succeed at his hopeless pursuit of kissing every last one of his freckles.
“I’ve gotten similar responses as well. Even when we told everyone we were getting married, they all said something along the lines of how this was "
“Huh, straight to business then?” She counters with a contemptuous smile. “Shouldn’t have expect anything else from you boys.”
. Are you gonna tell me?” Sam sounds more like a disappointed parent than an annoyed principal though.
“He—He just got the invite in the mail and… I saw his name pop on the screen, and I was scared. Of course, I was scared, the man’s a fucking Pastor for fuck’s sake. But you know? He was a good enough guy. He took care of us and gave a place when Dad fucked off to wherever the fuck he wanted to, so I thought I’d like him at the wedding.” Dean breathes audibly, “Surprisingly though, he said he was happy to hear that I was settling down. He said he was fucking ecstatic that I was able to get out of this life alive, with someone I loved, with someone who loved me.”
“Of course, I’m sure!” Claire balks, “I’m offering, aren’t I? Just come to Sioux Falls, stay with us… we can only offer you the couch though—”
“It’ll keep the Empty occupied on Earth long enough for someone to sneak in and get Cas out,” Eileen added.
“I was absorbed. I didn’t vanish into thin air!” Amara states, “I was in there!” She shouts, punctuating every word with a jab of her finger into Jack’s chest, “And I hated every minute of it.” She shudders. “This is not what I meant when I said I wanted to get to know you.” She adds looking at Jack.
The thing about the good times, Dean thinks is that they cannot last forever. The inherent meaning of having, of experiencing ‘good times’ means that they
“Cause that’s what you guys do?” Sam asks, rhetorically. “You guys drive when either of you has an off day, right? So, I thought—”
At that Cas presented tickets to Disneyland to Jack. And the responding smile Jack gave was absolutely brilliant.
“Claire.” He sounds like he’s trying to be reprimanding like he usually is but there’s a smile in his voice and that gives Claire hope. Hope that she thought she’d lost when she heard that Cas left.
“No, I’m sure Sam’s gonna throw Dean’s and I’ve asked Eileen to throw mine,” Cas answers, wiping the mud off of Claire’s face with diligence and care. “Unless of course, you want to, then you’re very welcome to.”
with a duffle bag on his shoulder, keys in the ignition, and resignation on his face. He could swear facing Death felt less terrifying at that moment. But when he finally got there-
Dean looks down at the phone in his hand, he exhales again. He can hear the voice in the back of his head, telling him he cannot be loved and he is just plain disgusting. He closes his eyes, forces them shut. Taps on his forehead as if he can physically expel the thoughts out of him. He shakes his head once, trying desperately to clear his mind.
Dean had heard enough. He got to his feet and stomped over to Cas, pulled him by the collar of his shirt, and looked him dead in the eye, “And I told you, I’d rather have you; cursed or not!”
“Are you really using that card right now?” Dean said getting up from his chair. Castiel knew was exactly what was coming next. As if on cue, “In that case, remember the leviathans?” There it was.
Sam smiles too. He can’t help himself. He has seen so many of Dean’s idiosyncrasies in Jack and an abundance of Cas’s charisma. But all that he ever saw of himself in Jack was all the baggage that was handed to him at birth. However, this—wanting to figure out a path for yourself—now this Sam knew through and through, “You know, I could help? If you needed me to, I mean… I was pretty good at school. I, ugh, even got a 174 on my LSAT,” he says, trying not to seem
Cas just kissed him sweetly until they were both completely breathless. Cas rested his forehead on Dean’s for a second, smiled and then began kissing his freckles again.
Cas huffs. “We’ll circle back to that,” Cas says with determination, making it clear that he will indeed have that conversation at a later point with Jack. “Right now, I wanna know why you made fake legal identities for all three of from scratch.”
“It seems inappropriate,” Cas replies. He hesitates before continuing but gathers a breath that seems to be more for courage than anything else, “I mean no offence when I say this and you are obviously allowed to resent me for carrying such a sentiment-allowed wouldn’t be the right word- B-but you are… allowed that is- more than-” He runs a hand over his face, frustration written all over it, “What I’m trying to say is that, as unfair and unjust as it sounds, I have begun to look at you… as my responsibility…No. Wait. ‘Responsibility’ makes it sound like you’re a burden somehow; that is definitely not the case. You’re… I mean- I-I hold you in very similar regard as I do Jack… If that makes sense.”
“I wa—was like, ten or twelve… and Da—John had left us at his friend’s place, Pastor Jim. When he came back, he found me with a boy and he figured it out. I was so fucking young I didn’t understand what the fuck I’d done wrong cause Sammy was safe and I was just—just… Anyway, the shit I said to you… those were the words he said to Pastor Jim about me… So, when he called that day to congratulate me for the wedding of all things, all this shit came flooding back, and I just—I exploded on you. That wasn’t fair. I'm sorry. I am so fucking sorry, Cas. I really am. That was awful and wrong but it had nothing and I mean it when I say this,
Footsteps broke him out of his trance. He looked up and watched as Sam and Cas, greeted Eileen and made their way to the kitchen island, carrying groceries with smiles on their faces, discussing the documentary they had watched the night before. And Dean was angry all over again because at that moment Cas looked- he looked so human. He wasn’t wearing his old rotten trench coat. He was wearing a soft-looking, somewhat oversized Ramones t-shirt and black jeans. He was not the Angel of the lord, just another human, fumbling around with eggs.
Sam’s not there but he thinks he knows Cas enough to know the smile on his face right now is priceless, “I guess you’re right,” he replies softly.
decided to leave like that. And I’m not trying to ask you to forget that. I’m just—I just… It’s just that in this life, it’s very rare to find someone who loves you as much as you two love each other. And maybe Dean fucked up, maybe it’s beyond repair, but I wish you guys would talk, just once. He sounds just as broken as you, you know? And—I—I just want you both to be happy.” She exhales slowly, “I don’t… I don’t want you to talk to him if you don’t want to talk to him but if there’s a part of you that thinks it can be fixed, I’m asking very, very selfishly if you could try?”
“Listening to music?” Cas replied, taking off his headphone. It was almost a question as if Dean wasn’t going to allow him the luxury.
Dean has to take a moment. Jack read him like an open book. Dean wonders if it was just an advantage of his powers but he knows the kid well enough to know that he’d never misuse them like this. And that somehow makes it worse, the kid read him so well, while drunk for the very first time. But he wasn’t wrong. Dean has defined himself with his father’s words all his life. He’s trying to change but the process is slow and grueling and so long.
“An essay? Is Ferris Buller a college boy now?” Claire asks sarcastically, with a smirk. But then when she looks at Jack her smirk drops off. Jack folds in on himself, while scratching the bad of his head. Sam’s seen that action countless times before, on Dean. He knows exactly what it means; Jack’s nervous.
But Sam refuses to be his father, because Sam isn’t his father. He opens his mouth to say something, only to be cut off by Claire.
Cas runs over and crouches down next to Dean, holding him up by the shoulders gently. “Let him go,” He warns.
It was drizzling lightly. Dean had offered to take Castiel on a drive, suggesting it would help. Help whom, Castiel wasn’t sure. But, as usual, he could never refuse Dean anything. Dean and Cas sat in relative silence, both sneaking glances at each other when they thought the other wasn’t looking.
“Would it make you feel better if I were to promise never to leave without saying goodbye to you, Dean?” Castiel replied, looking at Dean, trying to convey his sincerity with every word.
“I know why you did what you did. I don’t agree with it or appreciate it, but I—I guess I understand. At some level, I might even sympathize. I blame you all, I do. I wish you all great misfortune.” She exhales heavily, “But not death. I want to go back to just doing whatever I was doing before you all pulled me back into this mess.”
would make him laugh if it didn’t make him want to weep. He didn't think he could stand hearing those words from anyone else. But somehow they sounded absolutely
She notices Cas smile a little, “Eileen thought you would. She said she'd put you in charge of bringing an ungodly amount of glitter and a few other things that are too phallic for me to comfortably tell you about, so I’ll leave that to her.”
Back when it all began; Sam Winchester was destined to be the Boy King. His life, bartered away in a Demon deal even before he was born, infected with Demon blood, prophesized to break the last seal and bring upon the Apocalypse while being worn as a fucking prom suit by the Prince of Darkness.
“It can’t be both.” Cas doesn’t sound even remotely angry. He just sounds fucking tired. “Either I’m your buddy or your sweetheart... I don’t think I can be both.” Dean had made the most patient man slash ex-angel tired. Someone should hand him a trophy, call it the Asshole of the Year award. “I don’t think I want to be both…”
“I don’t know? I think you’ll fare better if you focused your efforts somewhere else,” she replied with a knowing smile.
Jack smiled gently, shyly. He looked up to Dean, always will. Becoming all-powerful wouldn’t change that.
“Just the one. If we can summon him,” Cas replies nonchalantly, “We’d like Kevin to be there. But that’s more than enough ghosts, in my opinion.”
A day later, Cas shows up at her door looking far worse for wear than she could've ever imagined and her heart breaks even more. She pulls him in for a hug that lasts longer than the normal ones and maybe even lets a few tears escape.
“Yes, yes he did,” Claire’s smirk was back, “We made a day out of it, he dragged me to like, twelve different places and ended up with the simplest design ever. It was kinda cute, I’m not gonna lie. And he got me burgers and milkshake too,” she added, utterly proud of herself at having roused up Jack.
“Yeah, I always thought that’s what pissed him off, you know? That, me slipping on my job to protect you was the catalyst to him becoming Major General Asshole. But um—after… After Jim started talking about how
“Yeah, man. Eileen’s on her way back from that Ghoul thing back in Texas? So I thought it’d be nice if I made dinner-“
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean’s voice had climbed higher, at which Jack flinched again. Dean sobered watching the kid recoil. The Almighty God, afraid of nothing but Dean Winchester’s wrath. He was suddenly a kid himself, recoiling from his own father.
“You baked me a fucking pie, Cas, of course I’ll like it” Dean replied smiling, “I’ll fucking love it.”
Eventually though, after sorting out the whole mess (using a lot of fake FBI badges and several phone calls from Jody and Donna calling in favors) they all make it back to the bunker. Everyone picks a room and turns in for the night, exhausted yet smiling.
do that now. He can do so many things to Dean and all of them, as he’s imagined, feel absolutely fucking divine. Castiel turns to face Dean, the angle makes it so, that his lips line up perfectly with Dean’s forehead.
“I’m around.” Jack replied, “I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows and, in the sand, and the rocks and the sea.”
“Sweetheart?” Dean asks, voice so painfully gentle, Castiel cannot help himself but look back. “I told you I would get in my way… I’m can’t—I’m not—I’m not good at this. But… But I never want to silence you. Okay? Please know that.”
“Wait, what?” Dean sputters, “What do you mean you lost on purpose? I defeated you fair and square!”
Jack remains silent for a second and then, “What if… what if I said that I don’t want to do this because…”
And Sam feels like he’s been hit a truck. Guess even after all these years, there are things about his brother he really doesn’t know. Huh. “He wants to marry you, Cas. No one who spends four hours trying to find the exact color you said you liked unless they want to marry you.”
“You said a lot of things, man… I don’t get it what does this have to do with what I asked before?” Sam doesn’t want to repeat his question, verbalizing it again would be a feat he’s unsure he wants to achieve.
” Castiel sighed heavily and then looked away, “I’ll always choose you over myself. Honestly, I don’t think that’s even a choice.”
Dean laughs now, “You’re not in trouble, kid. Besides, you’re God, not like I could put you in much trouble, now could I?”
A couple of days later after continuing the same routine, she walks into the kitchen at the ass crack of dawn and is greeted with the sight of Cas making coffee. She knows she has to finally address the elephant in their very small apartment.
But it’s not until he reads the name that flashes that he realizes that he has royally fucked up. He has royally, unmistakably fucked up because it’s not Cas’s name that pops up on the screen. It’s Sam’s.
“I’m fine with not having to plan the whole thing, as long as I’m invited,” Claire says with some hesitance.
Dean smacked Jack’s arm with a kitchen towel, making the kid scrunch his nose, “You’re too young to be a smart-mouth teenager,” Dean chided while signing.
Sam barrelled on, “-he is probably the only thing, other than Jack, whose soul doesn’t have a set destination. Like Jack, Jesse’s part human, so he could still make it into heaven.”
Eileen cut him off with a kiss. “You’re pretty dumb for a smart guy.” She said smiling. “Of course, I’ll stay, you dumb giant.”
Jack walked over to the cupboard, opening and grabbing the box of Crunch Cookie Crunch he had hidden behind the other boxes of cereals. “Technically I’m here early,” he said as he took out the bottle of milk from the fridge.
“Sure man.” Sam said, “Guy saves my ass over a hundred times, least I can do is let him call me ‘Sammy’.” They made their way to the cashier and checked out.
“So when we do it, it’s a romantic date night, but they do it, it’s a hangout or whatever?” Cas counters, making Sam snicker.
Dean gets up and walks over, cutting Cas off, “No, sweetheart. Come on. That’s not-“ Dean runs a hand through his hair, breathes deeply and then adds, “I want this to be as true as possible, too. Okay? I do. So… we’ll find a way to make this big fat Greek wedding legal as fuck, alright?”
And then the next moment, Cas was holding the Angel blade to his throat, and his face was steel. He looked as fierce as he had that night, all those years ago, when he and Dean had trapped Raphael in an abandoned house. There was determination radiating off of him and Castiel seemed unstoppable. Heaven’s soldier. Except he wasn’t that anymore, he was what he had always been; the Angel watching over Dean.
Cas looked at him dumbfounded for a moment and then, “Carbonite? I’m not frozen, Dean. If anything, I’m dead.”
“Yes.” Jack turned on the ignition, put the gear in drive, and pushed the accelerator. And they were off.
Cas leans in and kisses Dean so fucking soft and sweet, Dean thinks all those times he was in heaven didn’t do the idea of serene happiness any fucking justice. They move in closer, as close as possible and it’s still not enough. It's been weeks since either of them held the other and their hunger seeps into every single lick and bite of the other's lips. They're going hard and hungry but the need is still based on a softness neither of them can voice. But right now, they are pretty fucking needy. They’re grasping at each other for dear life. Dean climbs onto Cas’s lap, straddling him. Cas lets out a deep guttural moan as Dean begins moving his hips seeking friction and at that Dean has to pull back.
“A kid,” Dean finishes for him. “You just want to be a kid.” Dean breathes in slowly, “Then, fuck this God bullshit and be a kid.”
, but because of his innate desire to save people, help others. Somewhere along the way, while fighting monsters and saving the world, his brother and his best friend made him realize that he wasn’t defined by
Sam’s chuckle is gone, “Why would you say that? He say that to you? I’m gonna kill him.” Sam’s already on his feet, looking for a shotgun.
Break the cycle of trauma. Can Dean break it? He’s over 40. He’s died more times than he remembers and hasn’t got very long to live if his son keeps popping up behind him without warning. Isn’t it too late?
In the midst of the staring match between the two suddenly he heard, “You’re real…” Cas sounded baffled by the development.
“I mean, I wouldn’t be the best person to answer that question. I kinda fought against all of it so… I am not fond of it, but if you’re the one calling some of the shots, I’m okay with it,” Dean answers.
Yes, this is awfully late but I'm actually pretty damn swamped at work. And I don't know I couldn't write this well enough for me to be satisfied. This is my seventh draft and I still think it could be better. But hey, let me know what you think? I'd love to hear your opinions as usual. It'll help me gauge if I'm overthinking or fairly assessing my work. Thanks a bunch, hope you like it.
“What were you doing?” Jack asked, knowing the answer, not because he was God but because he knew Dean. He picked up a bowl and spoon, gathered everything, and walked over to the table and sat down opposite Dean.
“You are absolutely not a bitch," He says with a determination that calls for no disagreement. He pauses and then adds, "I—I don’t do those things to prove to you that I will stay… I
Dean looks back at them, his family; small, a little patched up but all in all, pretty damn perfect. He knows it’s real, believes it with every ounce of his being but doesn’t quite remember how he got here. Multiple concussions over years and years of hunting would do that to you, he supposes. Nevertheless, he’s once again reminded of how glad he is.
“I…” Dean runs a hand through his hair, breathes in deeply, and looks as if he decides to finally spill, “I got a call from an old friend of John’s. He was congratulating me about the wedding and telling me how proud he was of me for being able to do this,
“He was looking for apartments,” Sam cut him off again and this time Dean fell silent. He felt his heart stop and he was sure; Sam could probably hear it. Sam for his part, kept arranging the groceries like he hadn’t just stabbed Dean right through his gut. “He was so sure that we wouldn’t want him around, now that he didn’t have ‘his mojo’, now that he was human... that he wanted to move out. You keep pushing him, Dean. You keep pushing him without any rhyme or reason and expect him to just understand, knowing full well that he was a fucking Angel for Christ’s sake. He might not show it but he feels more than we do. I mean, you don’t rebel against Heaven unless you really
It was pretty early in the morning. They were all sitting in the War Room, in fuzzy pajamas. Eileen was on Sam’s lap. Dean’s legs were resting on Cas’s lap as he massaged Dean’s feet, absentmindedly. There was a decent-sized tree in the corner, with a small angel on the top, on which Eileen and Jack had cut and taped a small photo of Cas’s face.
Cas nods slightly in reply, conceding. Sam’s sure Cas would rather burn in hell that ever meet with the Empty again.
Dean wasn’t entirely sure how he hadn’t gone grey from being surrounded by self-sacrificial asshats. Maybe it was Chuck and his hero’s curse. And with him gone, maybe Dean would become an old haggard grey-haired man very, very soon.
“He’s right,” Sam said. “Your family… us, we’re your connection to humanity. Without that, you’d be just like him, a king in a high castle. Besides, it’d be like following in your dad’s footsteps.”
“This really isn’t the sort of task you should be putting secondary to any other,” Cas chides, he sounds like a father exhausted with his incorrigible daughter, Claire thinks. The lack of any actual heat to the retort somewhat proves her belief.
“Come on, kid. Don’t look a horse in the mouth, just ask.” Dean encouraged the kid and waited until a moment later a small smile made its way onto his face. “So? What would you like?”
It catches Dean off guard because last time it rang Dean was still in Lawrence, and that feels like hours ago. Maybe because it was hours ago. Dean realizes he has been driving for so long with nothing but the thoughts inside his head that he hadn’t even noticed that the sun had set. Where is he? He doesn’t really know. He can only see an unending stretch of road with nothing but fields surrounding him. But he sure as shit ain’t in Lawrence anymore.
“I lost the game so he could go first and it would be on him to pick one of them,” Cas explains, “I didn’t take your offer into consideration and in my haste to get Eileen, I miscalculated.”
Dean knew what was going to come next, but knowing didn’t make it hurt any less. “You’re an asshole,” Sam said evenly.
“Um… the police, I think we might be getting arrested. So while we’re on the topic of getting help, could you… come pick us up?” Jack replies, sounding so very small.
“I am, comes with the whole being an orphan thing,” Claire counters, nonchalant, “Tell me how you met or whatever.”
Jack begins to panic, “I know. I should’ve asked beforehand but, I wanted it to be a surprise. I wanted to get it done before Sam’s wedding but I got busy… with ‘God stuff’ and I don’t know… I thought maybe now… with this wedding and stuff. I mean obviously, you’re allowed to say no and of course, you can still use these identities regardless of your answer. But I hope you guys would not mind it… I mean… I think you won’t-“
“Yeah, I’ve got the love you need Cas, more than enough,” Dean said with complete sincerity not caring for a second how cheesy it sounded.
it felt to hold The First Blade and just… let lose. He remembers being in hell, instead of being the one on the pike, he remembers being the one holding the whip and how there was a part of him thinking about how
“I think…” Sam paused, scraping the label off of the beer in his hand, trying to find the right words. “I think I was selfish when it came to wanting him around sometimes. He… His faith in me felt like absolution, you know?” He signs as he speaks. He’s not very good at it, but he’s learning.
The ghost of Principal Margorie Ward does not take too kindly to that and throws Cas a few feet away at a headstone. She manifests on top of him and begins to strangle him hissing slowly, “You’ve been a very naughty boy.”
Dean can hear the echo of the words. He can fucking smell them. And they reek. They reek like the bodies they find of victims brutalized, abused, and dead, kept out on the crime scene as props for investigations, being boiled under the heat of the summer sun. He wants to throw up. But he thinks if he tries, all that will come out is disgusting black fucking goo. Because that’s what he is inside…
“You’ll always have a home here—And I don’t just mean Dean… You have us. All of us. Come back. Stay here, with me and Kaia, please?” She knows she’s begging but she can’t let him just leave. Not like this.
“Research,” Dean answered. He shut the book in front of him and took another sip from the glass. He watched Jack pour his cereal and milk, and a small smile crept back onto his face. This kid. “Are you supposed to be eating that?”
“Yeah well, you weren’t too wrong. I had sacrificed my greatest love, told myself I couldn’t have it. You just got the ‘who’ of it all wrong.”
Sam felt a warmth in his chest throughout dinner, as he looked at his make-shift family while thinking about a very similar conversation he’d had with his brother about a week before.
“You’re not fucked up, Claire,” Dean says with utter determination. “You’ve lost a lot and been told that you can’t be fixed because the world is fucked-up,
“You-You don’t know who they are, do you?” Dean runs a hand over his face, “God, I think Anakin had the right idea. These younglings-”
“That’s a ‘Fuck, yes!’” Dean patted his shoulder. There was a brief pause, and then “I’m real proud of you, Sammy.”
“As much as I appreciate the sentiment, I think I already have everything I will ever need,” Cas says easily and he sounds absolutely content in his proclamation.
This was his Cas; the charm for the locator spell they’d done, burning brightly in his palm proved it. Years ago, if someone had asked Dean what personal item could they have used to find Castiel, in no universe would he have guessed that it would’ve been his own damn amulet.
“Because… maybe I wanna be normal? I mean, not completely normal. I want us to be a family that sometimes goes hunting monsters. But I also want to stay, at home. I want to know why all the coming-of-age movies focus on being ‘popular’ in high school,” Dean can’t see Jack making the air quotes but he knows the kid’s doing it and that brings a smile to his face, “I wanna know what it feels like to go on road trips, and what it's like to be grounded, and get into actual trouble with you guys, and what college is like, and what it’s like to kiss someone, and what it’s like to have friends. And I know, we have friends but… I didn’t make any of them you know? I want to have som—some semblance of normal… I just wanna be a—” Jack stops abruptly.
Dean wanted to talk about his feelings, he did. He knew he’d have to eventually, but not right now. Right now, he was chicken shit. So instead, he said, “What are you listening to? And why are you listening to it on that ancient piece of crap?”
“He stabbed me in the chest,” Cas replies, in between his bouts of laughter, holding onto his stomach.
“Come on, get up,” Sam urges breaking Dean out of his reverie. His tone is straightforward and simple.
“Are you sure?” Cas asks. He still hasn’t looked at Dean in the eyes, not even once. Dean is caught somewhere between choking on his words and driving the car into a tree. The tension feels palpable; in his shaking hands and trembling feet. He’s drowning in it. Is Cas too?
“Yeah well,” Sam began hands held out in defense in a futile attempt to placate Dean, “We were thinking- “
Dean finally realizes what that something else was. He, of all people, should’ve read it far quicker. It was protective righteous fury. It was strange and incomprehensible to Dean because he had never been on the receiving end of it
Dean looked at him a second and then, “Morning sunshine,” he smiled and leaned in to put a chaste kiss on his lips. “Grab a seat, sasquatch’s gonna help me with the pancakes today.”
“Why?” Claire shouts. A job means permanence, a job means stability, a job means he doesn’t intend on coming back.
They rush over to the bar where Cas was supposed to be holding his own bachelor party that had been organized by Eileen (like his party was, by Sam). However, once they enter the bar, passing all the squad cars, they don’t know how to react. Dean, Sam, Donna, Jody, Charlie, Stevie, and Garth all stand with their jaws on the floor.
Jack is too young. He realizes he’s too young. Jack knows that in a way the weight of the world rests upon his shoulders and he is far too young for it. But Jack also understands that the world is an unreasonable and unbalanced place where fairness comes second to free will. Jack thinks maybe he knows that better than anyone else. He ought to; he is after all the closest thing to God in all of creation. What he does not understand is what the heck is going on as he walks into the kitchen at Sam and Eileen’s place.
“Who do you think, Aziraphale? Yours truly, obviously,” Claire replied with a proud smile, “I know you both better than you think,” she added and then turned to look Jack right in the eye, “And that’s why I’m the favorite.”
Castiel raised his hand in defense, still laughing, “No, of course not…” he paused, “I mean, only a little.”
“Et Tu, Bobby?” Dean said feigning injury, as though he had been stabbed through his heart. Castiel couldn’t help but smile. This man, with his snarky sense of humor, with freckles, glittered across his face like stardust, with his warm presence, with his kind heart and blindingly bright soul was going to be his husband. The thought warmed him beyond belief.
It had been two months and seventeen days since they had defeated Chuck. Dean wasn’t counting, he wasn’t. They had been searching far and wide, coming up empty, again and again. Dean had drunk through so much liquor that even the cashier at the store was concerned the last time he’d gone.
She cuts him off, “I know I say that I don’t like you, and I know I am a bitch sometimes. I say mean shit and I bitch and moan about every single thing you do for me; I know that I’m a bit of a mess to handle. I know you’re always just trying to prove to me that you’re going to be there. I know that alright? I just have a hard time telling you that I appreciate it.” She exhales heavily, “I looked at you and saw my Dad. You wear his face, it’s kinda hard not to… I used to hate you for it but then—but then you were nice and not an asshole with an oak tree shoved up where the sun don’t shine… It just… It’s just hard to, I don’t know reconcile those two things, you know? So, I bitch and moan and make a fuss… Doesn’t mean I hate that you call or text all the time… It—It’s nice. Knowing that you’re there, is nice.”
He stumbles and falls flat on his ass, on the hardwood floor with a hand cradling his nose—which he is pretty damn sure is broken—as it slowly bleeds down onto his shirt. Guess he raised Sammy to have a terrifying right hook too. What a treat!
Later when he was a bit older, he’d taken his first steps towards his elder brother. The first word he’d spoken, wasn’t ‘dada’ or ‘mama’, but ‘Dee’. Much later, when his girlfriend had been subjected to the same fate as his mother, his brother had dragged him out of the burning building again. He had even sold his soul to save Sam when he'd died unceremoniously, at an abandoned ghost town of Cold Oak.
“Would Crowley even be considered a bad guy anymore? Didn’t he sacrifice himself to save you guys?” Jack asks.
, so I can’t- I don’t hold it against you. It’s just a weird feeling in the back of my head, alright? I’m not tryna blame you here, just explain myself.”
But he couldn’t be. He couldn’t possibly be worth a moment of such ardent happiness for an Angel of the Lord, could he? He was
“YES!” Dean shouted. At Cas’s stunned face he added, “For fuck’s sake. You’re worried about me, right? Is it so hard to believe I might feel the same for you?” Then finally Cas’s face melted into something close to what Sam would term ‘heart eyes’ but to Dean, it was the same face Cas wore whenever they looked at each other. And maybe that was the point. Cas had always looked at him like Dean was his whole world.
A being as old as creation, older than the stars in the sky, and his moment of true, profound happiness was-
Cas’s face breaks into a grin that justifies the use of the nickname he used only moments ago. He kisses Dean, a soft chaste thing. Because they can do that now. The quickness of it indicates that they have all the time in the world and that makes Dean so very giddy.
?” Dean asked so loud, he practically squealed, “Yeah, Sammy. I remember the fucking Antichrist, isn’t really something you completely forget.”
Jack has turned absolutely crimson. He just shrugs. “We’re just going to get some burgers, it’s not a big deal,” he mumbles.
They were standing in the backyard of Sam and Eileen’s new home; it wasn’t much but it was theirs. Eileen and Dean were in the kitchen, cooking and had banished Sam and Cas from their kingdom. Apparently, they had burnt too many pancakes. In their defense, cooking was hard. Miracle was stuck to Cas's leg. Sam was absolutely not jealous of how much
"In a way, it is. Because I chose to listen to Metatron instead of you and your brother, I brought about all of this. If I could go back and take it all back, I would. You and your brother deserve better than a friend that causes nothing but grief."
No matter how long Castiel was in hell, he was never lost. Dean's soul was as a beacon calling out to him at all times. For decades he trudged and fought his way closer and closer to that dimming light. Because dim it did. The longer it took for the Angel to reach the Hunter, the dimmer the light grew until that fateful day that Dean decided to come off the rack and turn from being the tortured into the torturer. The Angel knew the exact moment that he had failed in reaching the Righteous Man on time because he had been fighting a rather vicious hell hound and his master when everything seemed to stop. He could hear the labored breathing of the hound and the rustling of his wings in the hot winds ever present in The Pit. There was a low rumble that emanated from the point where Dean was located and he was reminded of the visit Jesus had made to Hell eons ago, but what Castiel mistook for a tremor in the earth was actually the howls of victory from every being in the underworld. The Angel took this opportunity to catch the demon and his dog off guard and killed them with swift blows to the neck. He wings and head hung in defeat as he stalked off alone in the direction of the soul he was sent to rescue. In place of the bright light he had seen for the past thirty years, he was now following a softened light that had the appearance of a crack running through the middle. His heart broke for the man he had failed, and vowed to erase the worst parts of Dean's time here as victim and torturer so that he may keep some semblance of sanity when he was back on Earth. It was not in his power to eradicate all visions of hell from Dean's mind, but he would surely take on what he could.
Dean scoffed in derision as he leaned against the counter, gripping it tightly. Just what betrayal is he talking about?
"Dean, do you have any idea what you have done?!" Castiel repeated when he didn't receive an answer the first time. Judging from the startled look on Dean's face, the Hunter must not know what he's done at all. Knowing Dean Winchester the way that he does, Castiel can guess that Dean just walked head first into the first thing that crossed his path that would potentially help in ridding the world of Abaddon.
"You don't understand, Sam, I've been in love with that idiot for thousands of years," his voice cracked. He turned teary eyes to the younger Winchester. "And I mean that in the literal sense. I jus-what do I do now? I don't know anything else." Sam offered the Angel a shoulder to lean on as consolation. Sometimes there isn't much one can do other than to physically be there for those in need.
"Wow, Cas, tell me how you really feel," Dean countered sarcastically. Maybe Castiel's lack of propriety in sharing information wasn't such a good thing after all.
After a minute of catching their breaths, Dean leaned up and lazily kissed Castiel. "Damn, baby, I've gotta say...that was the absolute hottest thing I've ever seen."
Hey, guys! Please feel free to leave comments, good or bad, alright? The only thing I ask is for civility.
The choking atmosphere of the car lifted immediately and Dean felt like he could breathe again. Not wanting to lapse into uncomfortable silence again, he asks, "So what were you thinking about this whole time? You looked pretty lost in thought there."
"Do you want to find those two Angels or not? I need those things to run facial recognition programs, police radio scanners from the around the country, and all kinds of computer geek stuff, alright? Plus, we've got to upgrade the internet around here. This connection is disgusting."
Once more, Castiel chose to act without answering. First, he snapped away his own clothes and Dean drew in a sharp breath at the sight of muscled and tanned skin and a cock that made his mouth water.
"You know what? I've about had it with you," growled Dean as he pulled out his favorite gun and aimed for the other man's head. He smirked at the smug look on the angel's face.
Castiel turned to leave the room without responding, feeling that his silence was the only answer the Demon needed. He went to the library to wait for Dean to come out of his room since the it had the best view of the hallway that led to the bedrooms. There was only a few minutes of silence before he heard the telltale signs of Dean losing his temper and taking it out on the wall. The Angel decided to forget his Hunter's wishes, and made his way to the room. He found Dean sitting on his bed, bloody hands holding his head. Castiel quietly moved past his lover, and went to retrieve the first aid kit in the en suite bathroom.
“What if I didn’t want you to…right away?” Dean asked after a beat of silence. The silence continued for another moment before Dean shivered at Castiel’s response.
Castiel almost protested. Had Dean not experienced the past month? The physical ache of being apart from his lover? But before he voiced his opinion, he was struck with an idea. Withholding from sex right now could work to his advantage. The Angel smiled diabolically before acquiescing to his lover's wants. "As you wish, Dean, we will partake in your 'human traditions.'"
Castiel slowly pulled his member out of Dean's mouth which caused the human to protest, "I wasn't done with that!" A stern stare stopped any further complaints. "Right...what you want when you want. I remember now."
"The most beautiful soul in all of Creation," Castiel answers in a tone of awe. "A soul made just for
That was the only answer Dean needed and he leaned into the hand stroking his face before bringing himself down over Castiel.
"It's too late for that now, brother. Your knight in black armor is already on his way here," chuckled Malachi as he stepped out of the room. There was only one Angel keeping an eye on Castiel now. He was glad that he had been able to keep Dean's location from the Angel's otherwise they would know when Dean would show. Castiel estimated that he had six hours before his lover would arrive and he had the next five and half to concoct a plan of escape for the both of them.
know that much at least. What an astute observer you are, Dean," Castiel stated sarcastically. Why didn't Dean try to come to them so they could all work together? Sure, there's tension, but that's happened in the past, and they would work through it. They could have found another solution if Dean had just come to them first. The Angel watched as the other man's face darkened from fear to anger.
"Well, you see...I bought something a few weeks ago," Castiel replied with a smirk and a moan, "I bought an apparatus in the likeness of your penis. I pulled it out of my bag and I sucked it into my mouth because I enjoy the weight of your cock on my tongue. I got it nice and wet, beloved, before I brought my knees to my chest and slammed it into me. I brought myself to the brink, writhing, calling out your name, but I didn't allow myself to come because I wanted to come with you inside of me," Castiel finished breathlessly.
"A man betrayed by the man he loves. That is who the 'fuck' I know I am," growled the Angel. He was seething now. He has never felt so angry or betrayed in his life. How could Dean do this? Has he not learned
“Yeah, yeah. The moose will get over it. ‘Sides we’ve got to look like we’re three agents trying to save the government some money by bunking together,” Dean countered. He finished getting undressed and stepped into the shower. He left the curtain open and watched as his angel revealed his mouthwatering tan skin. It was a sight he hoped he never got tired of.
The sharp sound of the panties snapping into place at Dean's hips brought Castiel out of his trance. He brought his eyes up to meet the back of Dean’s head because the man seemed to be frozen. He was perhaps too scared to turn around because Castiel could see the tale tell hint of red at Dean’s ears and knew that the man must be embarrassed. The angel figured that perhaps little to no people knew about this side of Dean, so he was going to treat this moment with the respect it deserved.
"I can assure you, I was not. Nor have I ever been." Castiel was surprised that his voice did not shake with the tremble he was feeling deep within. Never has any being made him so fearful.
"Dean," gasped Castiel. "The witch is the man in front of you." Without question, he turned the gun to the real witch and shot. Immediately, the trio was able to breathe.
"Goddamn, Cas!" Dean chuckled. "I've never come so long or hard in my life, and that bit at the end there was hot. Not bad for a virgin," he teased.
"Hey, who says I'm the bottom?!" Dean exclaimed loudly. He was met with an unimpressed look from the angel before him.
As Dean began to tremble the longer the silence stretched, Castiel spoke the phrase that would change their sex life forever. “So…does this make you Daddy’s good girl?”
“Uh…um…yeah! You told me last night. Dude that’s still like the coolest thing ever, man. We kick ass and we have one of God’s soldiers on our side. How sweet is that?!” Dean is visibly excited about the prospect that they do good in the world with one of the good guys as back up. Sam is going to cherish this memory forever. And use it for blackmail because it's his job as little brother to always bring up incriminating things to get his older brother to do his bidding.
“Eh, dude’s right though. I gotta get right first, and after I get back to myself don’t let me take this back.” Dean takes his left hand to caress Castiel’s cheek and rubs his thumb under the angel’s bottom lashes. “I might not remember you that well, but something in the back of my mind tells me that you’re important.”
"Whatever," Sam spits out as he angrily leaves the rest of his dessert on the table and makes his way to his bedroom. Dean doesn't breathe until he hears Sam's door slam shut.
“No! Stop that, Dean!" yelled a frustrated Castiel. He couldn't believe this man was capable of losing his memory but never this flaw within him. "God, for a moment there I thought you would have at least lost that self-deprecating part of your personality! You have always felt unworthy of love! It hurts to see you think so little of yourself. Especially when I’ve always known your worth.”
His heart now lays shattered and aching. The only reason he heard the rest was that he was in too much shock to even move from that spot in front of the door.
"Are you propositioning me for sex?" Castiel can feel his heart constricting at the thought that this will merely be a romp in the sheets for Dean; another notch in his belt.
Dean held his breath, his heart thumping hard against his ribs. At this point he doesn't know what answer he expects from Sam. He still wasn't ready for the answer when it did come.
"I like it very much," Castiel answered looking up briefly to address Sam and then back down towards his food.
"Whoa, when did I get here?" asked Sam in horror after taking in his surroundings. He finally looked to his big brother for an answer. It really breaks Dean's heart to have to do this.
The longer he sits there, the more angered he seems to get. At everything: Castiel, his brother, Crowley, Abaddon, Gadreel, Metatron, but most of all...himself. But it was too late for all of that, he decided. Now, was the time to deal with the consequences of his actions.
"What about Sam?" Dean immediately dropped everything in his hands in worry. He should have known something was going to happen.
The Demons motioned for the rest of the group to gather and move in on the two unsuspecting men as they entered a bar on the outskirts of the podunk town in the middle of nowhere.
"OK, I'm gonna put this in your room and I'll meet you in the kitchen. I'm gonna make something extra special for dinner." As Dean made his way out the door he stopped abruptly and turned to Castiel once again. "Remember, Sammy doesn't know about Zeke. If he asks where you're going, just follow my lead, ok?"
"What does the price matter for? I get to kill Abaddon, Cas," Dean shouted. Is the Angel listening to a word he's saying?
“You have, but I haven’t.” Castiel looks down in shame as he can't bear to look at Dean right now. Talking about his past failings is always a sore subject between the two of them.
The more time the younger man spends with his brother, the more trepidation takes hold in his heart. Is it really so bad for his brother to forget? Already Dean looks so carefree, and what he wouldn’t give to feel that way too after all they had done, but if his brother can have it? Why should he prevent him from being happy?
!" Dean yells in response. He's more mad at himself and this shit hole he calls a life than he is at Castiel but he knows that the other man will understand. Dean angrily grabs the Angel's hand and rushes him towards one of the bedrooms. He doesn't let go of his hand until they're in the middle of a mostly barren bedroom. "This is your room," Dean says to break the silence.
"That can certainly be arranged, beloved." Castiel gracefully positioned himself to sit on Dean's chest with his half hard cock in his hand, rubbing the tip across the hunter's lips. A tongue flicked out causing both men to groan.
The following morning, Charlie is barking out orders for Sam and Kevin when Castiel finally decides to come out of his bedroom. His own this time, Dean's has been soiled by far too many things for him to actually lay in it anymore.
"Firstly, I'd like to inform you that I accidentally appeared in your room one day while you were fucking yourself on an a rather large pink dildo. Thankfully, I was invisible, and before you ask, I immediately left because I did not wish to further invade your privacy. Secondly, patriarchal ideals that those being penetrated are somehow less than those doing the penetrating are full of archaic and benign ideologies that I do not have the patience to unravel right now, Dean, as the urges of the flesh are becoming more difficult to ignore."
The younger Winchester had wanted to walk in there, but he really wanted to hear Dean get his ass handed to him. What he hadn't expected was to learn things about his brother from when he was in Hell. There was so much to process, and his head was now spinning with all the knowledge he was gaining. But what he still doesn't know is what mark Castiel is talking about, nor why Dean has memory issues.
"Dean, why didn't you call me when all of this transpired?" Castiel was a little hurt that Dean didn't find it within in him to trust that even though Castiel might be human now, he still held vast amounts of knowledge and skill.
), but now Dean is just aimlessly going about his days and only lighting up whenever Castiel calls or texts once or twice a day. The rest of the day is spent moping and annoying the ever loving shit out of Sam and Kevin...which is why Sam is currently in the privacy of his room making a phone call.
As Castiel made his way into the kitchen he saw that it was empty and he couldn't have asked for more. He didn't want to talk to anyone just yet. He had a lot of things he still needed to process about his situation and adding Sam or Kevin to the mix wouldn't be good right now. He had been looking forward to coming to stay in the bunker with the boys and here it is being pulled out from beneath him, and there was nobody there to catch him as he fell.
"Never mind, Cas, what's your question?" Dean chuckled. He pulled Castiel flush against him, kneading a hand on his lover's ass, the other on his waist.
The Angel turned to leave behind the younger Winchester when he saw something on Dean's forearm that caused his heart to race. It was pure luck that he didn't notice it last night. He yanked the arm of the man in front of him to get a better look. He nearly tore the shirt Dean was wearing in his attempt to see it.
Dean thought he had done himself and Castiel a favor by sleeping in separate rooms until they solved their issue. He just wasn't ready to deal with everything right now. He needed to get out before he couldn't breathe anymore. He grabbed his things and made his way to the dungeon. Might as well to kill two birds with one stone.
Dean steels himself, finally, and gets out of bed and quietly walks into his Angel's room. It is now or never.
he thought to himself. Castiel could feel that familiar magnetic pull towards Dean and found himself leaning forward slowly. He will not deny the fact that he has harbored feelings for his charge for what felt like centuries. He could feel Dean's breath on his lips, but right before they met, Dean pulled away with a pained look on his face. He doesn't need to be an Angel to know the turmoil that is whirling around in his Hunter's mind.
"Fuck my face." The other man took in a breath in surprise and looked down at half lidded green eyes that were trying their damnedest to look innocent. "Use your mojo to get yourself hard again, and fuck my face, Daddy."
"Yes. I am merely choosing to disregard your anger, and take care of you since you are dead set on disregarding yourself!" Castiel yelled. Dean flinched when Castiel yelled because he was reminded of what he used to be. Dean huffed a breath and Castiel counted it a blessing when he was allowed to attend to the wounds again. It was therapeutic in a way for the Angel since he no longer had the power to heal instantly, he could still do it this way. They sat in silence while Castiel worked on the hands he loves so much. He rubbed a soothing finger over the bandages when he finished, and was disappointed when his lover wouldn't meet his eyes.
Dean was not as gentle as he was used to while prepping him, but Castiel was afraid to speak. He didn't want to miss the opportunity to know his lover in an unexpected carnal encounter, especially in such a predicament. So far, the only noises in the room were the sounds of their heavy breathing and the bed adjusting to their movements.
He can guess why the Angel had gotten emotional, and it made him feel sick inside. He hadn't intentionally set out to do such a thing to the other man, but now he has to live with the guilt that he caused that expression. The dream from a few days ago was now weighing heavily on his mind, and the shame that he made Castiel do something he couldn't possibly comprehend in the normal, human way. Someone with a heart like Castiel's cannot separate the carnal from the emotional. His relationship with the Angel was now something he could add to his list of things he failed to do right.
He drops his bags over by the bed and turns around to see Castiel nervously sitting on the edge of the bed. "What's wrong. sweetheart?" he asks. Dean doesn't miss the subtle shiver that racks through his lover and internally smirks.
"Dean, to be fair," interrupted Sam, "I've known you my whole life and even I knew better than to out you. I don't know what made you think I was some type of homophobe, but I've known you were bisexual since you were in high school. Maybe you had a problem with being not-so-straight? I know Dad's attitude didn't help."
Dean is now thoroughly confused. He knows he just met the guy but...he has a gut feeling that he knows him. He shuffles nervously which causes the professor to glance his way and he stops mid-explanation to stare at Dean in confusion; a tilt to his head and a squint to his eyes. Dean's lost in those eyes and he can't breathe right.
Everyone stopped moving and stared between the two for a moment. Killing the witch should have worked, so why was Dean still confused?
The eldest Winchester makes his way to the kitchen but pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts that he had been pointedly avoiding while in the presence of the Angel. He nearly kissed Castiel 15 minutes ago and they're both ignoring that fact. The thing is...earlier he had been sure that this was the best course of action but now...not so much. This is his last guaranteed chance to let all of these things off his chest and he doesn't know if he will ever get another. Hell, he's avoided this for long enough as it is. It's been around 5 years since he was gripped tight and raised from Perdition and it's about time he raised Castiel back from the dead, too. Now, he just needed the right window.
"Cas, that look on your face is giving me the heebie-jeebies." What he really meant by "heebie-jeebies" was "turned the fuck on." Castiel stopped abruptly and frowned for a moment.
Trying his best to contain his laughter, Castiel crawled towards his lover and tentatively worked the zipper down on his jeans. He looked up when heard the rustling of the tablecloth.
Just as the kisses were getting heavy, Castiel gently pushed away from the hunter and grabbed his hand to lead him into the bathroom. "I watched a film the other day where I saw the couple copulating in the shower," blurted Castiel before Dean could ask what the Angel's intentions were.
"You already did. Last night," Castiel retaliates. "I want you to cherish that last memory of us sharing a bed together because it will not be happening again. That heathen mark is the most repulsive thing I have ever laid eyes upon. It is a shame that such a pretty soul has marred itself for eternity. But I will not witness that firsthand."
"Oh great, now you're going to get all touchy-feely on me too?" The hunter, honestly, doesn't have the time nor the patience for this. He's tired and beat down from taking down all those demons that had stormed Cain's house.
“Sweetheart, what’re you talking about?” Several slaps in the same spot in quick succession came after his response. Dean couldn't help the shout that escaped his lips.
"Eh, you had a couple rounds with that reaper like four years ago, right? And then you haven't since, right? Basically, a virgin."
"If at any point we do something you are not comfortable with, Dean, I would like to remind you that your safe word is Impala."
. Interfering was prohibited but no one could tell me it was wrong to look," he explained. Having used his body to keep Dean pressed against the wall allowed his hands the freedom to roam. The Angel brought his lips close enough to his Hunter's so that they were breathing each other's air and he brought one hand to the blond locks for control and the other to his lover's hip. "Rebuilding you after Hell gave me extra insight into every part of you that makes you tremble, Dean. Would you like for me to demonstrate?" He gripped the hair running between his fingers and gently pulled back. He watched as the Hunter's Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed nervously.
The eldest Winchester turned his green gaze towards Sam and it seemed like he was looking right through him. "Who are you?" He growled threateningly, raising his gun towards his brother.
"In your room," came the curt reply that stabbed right through Castiel's heart. His anger was quick to recover at that answer.
“Please explain to me what is going on, Dean,” pleaded Castiel after the two men broke apart for air leaving hardly a scant inch between them. Dean bit his bottom lip and closed his eyes as if he were trying to gain strength in order to answer.
After Rowena dispatched one of the witches, there was still one more to contend with, and he was currently holding them all hostage. There was no one they could rely on, except for Dean, but he wasn't in his right mind. Just as Castiel was starting to lose consciousness, he heard the one voice he was hoping not to hear.
"I didn't say that I don't love my dick of a brother. I love him more than anything, he's all I've got in this world, but I was done. He needs to let me go."
So that's it. Crowley isn't concerned about Dean and Castiel for the sake of their relationship, but for the sake of using them as pawns. Dean can't even find it in him to be upset about it because it's all he's good for: grunt work. And Castiel has been doing the same since the day he was created. He sighs as he gets back behind the wheel of his car. As he drives off, the Hunter can finally feel all the aches and pains from the earlier scuffle. He drives until he gets to a motel, and he checks in for the night, ready to crash. His night is filled with the dreams that have become a nightly occurrence.
"I want to possess Moose. If I can get into him, I might be able to talk him into kicking out the bastard. I thought it best to consult the next of kin before having Kevin tear at the anti-possession tattoo," said Crowley as if expecting praise for his consideration.
Dean is just parking Baby as Castiel finishes his statement, and they hurriedly climb out of the car to walk into the dimly lit restaurant. They walk up to woman at the podium near the door who then takes them to a table in the middle of the floor.
Castiel's lack of participation didn't go unnoticed for long. When Dean finally met his eyes, the Angel could no longer hold back the sob he had been trying to stifle.
As soon as the two men walked through the door to the motel room, they dressed down to their boxers and immediately fell asleep in each other's arms. That night, Dean would dream of something he hasn't in a very long time.
, Sam. I've never been in a relationship before and I was not aware that he was just as down trodden as I feel."
"Fuck me, Daddy," he mumbled, giving in and rocking his hips back to entice his lover into doing what he wanted.
"Gave myself away, didn't I?" he whispered. Castiel couldn't bring himself to do anything but nod nervously. "You didn't seem like you were opposed to the idea." The angel could see a little vulnerability sneaking into verdant depths.
Sam's mouth was wide open in confusion and staring between the two men in front of him. He knew his brother would be an idiot about his feelings for the Angel, but he didn't it know it would be this bad. Well, if Dean won't help himself then Sam is more than willing to grovel for his brother's chance at happiness. "Obviously Dean didn't try hard enough if you're still leaving! You have no idea how much this guy hurts when you're missing, Cas! He's a mess when you're not here-"
"Don't you worry, pet, I am not through with you yet." The angel gave one large slap that caused Dean's face to look as if he were making a silent scream. Castiel grabbed each cheek and squeezed to the point of making the taller man squirm. "Stay still, Dean, or I will call an end to this and you go to bed unsatisfied." Castiel almost laughed at the panicked look on his lover's face if he wasn't so busy enjoying his view of Dean's ass covered in handprints. The older man licked a stripe from the tip of Dean's cock all the way up his spine where he stopped to bite at Dean's neck. His cock was nestled between the hunter's cheeks, so he used this opportunity to bring his hips up and down to tease Dean's hole with the head of his cock.
"Whatever 'human tradition' calls for is fine," Castiel answers with a smirk so that his lover can know that his attitude had been in jest. He's glad he did when he sees the shoulders of the man next to him slump down in relief.
"Oh, fuck," he breathed heavily, settling his head back to relax on the pillows before his eyes opened in shock and tried to sit up. "Wait. How did you know that was my safe word?" Dean knew for sure without a doubt that he never gave that away except to his bed partners that were into activities that required a safe word.
After the boys ate dinner (and pointedly avoided the blunder from earlier), Dean made his way to his en suite bath to shower. Now that he was alone with his thoughts he couldn't help but think of his crisis (the first, not the second because fuck.) What the hell is wrong with him? Does this happen to other people? Why was he freaking out about the most important relationship he's ever had, aside from those of a familial nature? Maybe it was something that would just pass naturally, and he just had to work through it. He doesn't like this seed of anxiety that has planted itself within him, but he knows that he isn't going to let it affect his relationship with his Angel. Hopefully he will come out of this stronger for it and Castiel will be none the wiser. Hell, maybe he's just nervous.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel said groggily as he answered the phone. He had just fallen asleep thinking that it has been a few days since he and his lover had spoken and had resolved to call him in the morning. Imagine his surprise when his Hunter was now calling him in the middle of the night. There had to be something wrong.
"Then me and my knife skills are gonna have a good ol' time cuttin' you up nice and pretty for Daddy," Dean finished with the demented smile reserved for his torturing days. Even Crowley shuddered.
"Hey, baby. I was just calling to see how your day's been." Dean couldn't help the smile that graced his face upon hearing his lover's voice again.
"Don't you worry, sweetheart. I keep my promises." Castiel knows this is true; Dean has never let him down. "Goodbye, Cas. Call me when you get to your next stop."
There was a charged silence that commenced after Castiel stopped speaking. Dean could only think of one phrase he needed to say and it was repeating itself like a mantra over and over in his head but he couldn't bring himself to do it just yet.
"Yeah, well, you know what they say. The road to hell..." he trailed off with a fake smile. Castiel will never be able to express how much he abhors that particular smile on Dean's face.
Seeking closeness, Dean leaned forward so that their foreheads were touching and he brought up a hand to meet the one Cas was still holding to his cheek. "How are we gonna do this, Cas? Wanna take things slow? Or-"
Dean packed his bag for the hunt before he settled in for bed. After laying in the dark for a few moments, he gathered the courage to call Castiel.
Dean sat in the darkness of his room for God knows how long before he finally plucked up the courage to go talk to his brother. Before he could knock on the door, he heard voices inside.
"Shit, Cas," breathed Dean spreading his legs further. Once full seated, Castiel resumed kissing his lover so that Dean could get used to the intrusion. After a moment's pause, Castiel hoisted one of Dean's legs onto his shoulder and pushed the other one flush against Dean's chest and began a relentless pace.
"Let's pack you a bag," Dean says with a broken smile as he turns to leave the room and enter his own with Castiel trailing him. He reaches into the bottom of his closet and pulls out an empty duffle bag. He starts flipping through his clothes and tossing whatever doesn't fit anymore onto his bed. Once he has a sizable pile, he starts folding them and placing them in the bag. All the while, both men are quiet as if afraid to break whatever fragile peace there is right now. Dean goes into his en suite bathroom and takes out any toiletries Castiel will need on his journey and places those in the bag as well.
