"I'm beginning to question my judgments. I've spent most of my days in London so far doing a lot of thinking instead of sightseeing."
Dean didn't care about the reaction of other people or other hunters. He didn't care about their biased views or how they would label his feelings for an angel as blasphemy or sacrilegious. Instead, Dean realized that when he chose love above every other thing, the entire world seemed conquerable.
"At some point we'd need to fuel up…" feeling his earlobe being taken between daring teeth and chewed on, Dean moaned whilst rubbing their faces together. "I just love the way you keep finding all my weak spots, man. Keep going and I'll start off on round two with you."
Cas: Yes. Of course. I am malfunctioning. I might punch him.
He was the kind of teenager that, after being raised to respect and love a woman, delivered the same generosity onto a young woman who obviously based their relationship on proof of snatching the most attractive boy in high school. Yet, whilst she was anxious to learn to need him with the same depth Dean craved for someone to care, the two of them weren’t in love. They stayed together for almost close to two years and ended so easily, the breakup didn’t cause any kind of tragedy.
“I like your sister,” Sam said chuckling and clearly distracted from his paper as Anna grinned wickedly from the carpet. “I get the feeling that she and I will be best friends because I too believe in vampires. And werewolves and mermaids and unicorns.”
"Now tell me what really happened a week ago," Sam pressed on. He rested a hand on his brother's shoulder and squeezed lightly.
He could only huff out a reply as those emerald eyes widened.
"Only Dean got me, because he always does," she continued, hyped up without a care, "Dean's always been the one who supports me no matter. Whatever he did, just pass it off as him being a total jerk," she directed this at someone she constantly referred to as a role model to anyone who would listen.
“Good morning,” I paused because I wasn’t sure how to continue. Our eyes locked and his gaze was penetrating enough to disarm me, “Mr. Winchester…”
The angel rubbed their noses together, gripping the hunter's right arm with his and planting his other hand firmly on Dean's ass with the other. "I love you too."
“Bullshit. There isn’t a
"Do you want me to remind you what goes where?"
“I’m in Scotland. And I’m sitting on the roof of my castle. And I have my phone up here. Nothing like Helen Shapiro and whiskey to numb the brain.”
"Very adorable," Cas said suddenly reaching over and lightly squeezing Dean's fingers upon the wheel. The gesture was quite sudden, that the other man held his breath. And when Cas didn't break the connection, Dean literally felt his entire body become consumed with little electric shocks. His toes curled in his boots. He felt…damn good. Almost as if a surge of magic was passing through his soul. And he didn't want the feeling to stop. Not really.
just fishing in the dark most times, but we get stuff done. And I try to pace myself, I really do but when my hands get on him, it's like there's no turning back. Well, until we realize that we could do more but maybe it's just not the right time."
Dean stared at the phone and couldn't breathe. No way in freaking hell had Cas just asked him out. What the…he studied the message over and over again, wondering if this was some kind of a joke. But it couldn't be. Not really. They had been trying yeah. But a date? He was so nervous in that moment, Dean felt ashamed of himself.
Sam allowed him to regain his composure whilst crumbling inside too. Because not too long ago, he had mentioned to Dean that Cas probably didn't want to show off his wings because it reminded him of something his brother detested in general. The existence of a greater entity that pulled all the strings. Now, watching Cas fall in front of him, Sam feared what the aftermath would be like when his brother would find out the truth.
"Have," Dean interrupted, his green eyes taking on a flat color. "I still have feelings for you. I'm still in love with you. But hey. It's not fair though," Dean's voice trembled as he strained his eyes on Cas. "All these years I thought that you could never love me in the way I love you. All these years, Cas, I wanted you in…so many ways. I gave up one night stands eventually. The only person I dreamed of spending Valentine's day with was always you. And when Sammy wanted to know why, I couldn't tell him that I wanted no one else as much as I wanted you in every single way."
“Don’t,” the senior whispered into his ear, “say anything to the jackass if he talks to you. Can’t give him that kind of glory.”
Gabe, by then, was actually impressed by the path of our conversation. “Well, according to what I’ve seen, Dean is a looker so any person would fall for him. But you’re just going to set yourself up to get hurt, baby bro. He isn’t going to be with a bottom feeder like you.”
Just then, Charlie came back and tore his attention away from blue eyes that were still latched onto him. Gone was the moment that seemed to escalate in a way that he didn’t really understand because there was something rippling inside of Castiel’s mind. It was something that Dean would have loved to study and squeeze out the meaning but he couldn’t because the moment was lost.
“Fuck, you were literally looking for a needle in a haystack, weren’t you?” There was definitely not a hint of a smile but a low voice that sounded just like the one on the phone. “You look as you sound too. A dorky kid in a trench coat. Jesus.”
it's there? Good God."
He never thought about the situation like that, only where he wished to keep going back again and again to provide help. Despite his limited funds, Dean could not return with more hampers and money but he could take pastries and cake anytime there was sufficient. He could prove to the families in the mountains that as wealthy and better off some people like him were, they still could care because they had a heart. And Castiel could only have good intentions, based on experience but he might not understand that at the age of twenty-five, Dean was far too fond of trying out what his heart desired.
“Let go of me!” Castiel wrestled her playfully whilst gravel crunched under their shoes. He caught her around the middle and she twisted in his grasp. And she was laughing, tears sparkling in her dark eyes. “Good, God, woman! I said release me.”
Ruby, shaking off her coat, slipped into The Cat Nap with the intention of grabbing two smoothies to take back to Meg’s apartment. As she sauntered up the counter, a very tall man with shoulder length hair lingered by the smoothie machine, with his back to her. Barely, she recognized him, and then after Sam turned around to check what his new customer wanted, their eyes locked.
Cas blinked. The truth. That's what he desired, wasn't it? And now that they were slowly revealing everything from their pasts, he felt somewhat relieved by realizing that it had always been him that Dean favored above anyone else.
You are nothing, Dean Winchester. You are empty because you have no feelings. You are worthless. You are a failure. Everyone you love dies. Everyone you love leaves. You are not capable of love. You are alone. No one misses you. No one cares except Sam because Sam is obligated to care since he feels like he has to return the favor of taking care of you since you took care of him. But he doesn't care about you. He wants a normal life away from you. He always has.
“He’s not ancient, you ass. He’s not even sixty yet and he’s been dad’s best friend for ages now. Just that he stopped coming around after his wife died a few years ago. That kind of tragedy hits some people way more than others.”
"What's wrong with us?" Dean frowned and studied her face, "we're not old. We could go to those parties but it's not our thing, especially since the family will be hanging here."
Dean was curled up like a comma, his back towards the door and he had his headphones on still. The ACDC blue t-shirt he had slipped into was bunched up by his lower back, the soft smooth skin exposed pulling Castiel’s eyes and lingering there for quite some time. And even though his eyes wandered free, he still felt terrible that his hands could not feel. That they hadn’t touched already. Because he was slowly beginning to crave Dean’s warmth. And he wanted to wrap Dean within his arms and offer as much comfort as possible.
This was her finally concluding that he was actually on a date with a guy and she was setting the mood. She was playing her old tricks again, getting things on the road. Hoping that he’d put on a show. And funny enough, he had lived through this sort of thing at least five times over the years. He thought that she was winding him up, so that he could get pretty annoyed. But then one times too many, he was compelled to lean in and kiss the girl.
Sighing, the angel pressed his lips together and lowering himself slowly, right hand captured between Dean's thighs, he teased him with a kiss. "Let's just say that you'll be begging for more."
After he couldn’t respond but desperately needed to return enough gratitude, Dean simply rested his head upon Sam’s shoulder and was welcomed into an embrace. Like old times, whenever either of them felt pushed to the brink of emotional stress, the other would comfort and provide motivation. And even though this particular situation extended outside of Sam’s comfort zone, it didn’t mean that he was willing to refrain from consoling as best as he could manage.
Charlie laughed and thumped his right arm playfully, a sparkle in her eyes. "Dude, chillax. You're far too soft with kids. Stop worrying."
Both of them stiffened when the doorknob rattled.
"My best employee," Zachariah was highly amused as always. "You know, without you around here, this place would be as boring as a convent during Lent. I want you to chase a story for me." Holding up his jazz hands, his symbolic display of trying to make sense. "Cas, I get the feeling this is going to be a life changer for you. Maybe you'll get laid in the process."
After deliberating the exactness of his best attempts and still feeling like he would perhaps flunk at least one subject, the two of them settled on the couch.
"Dean…" Castiel croaked, melting into the younger man's embrace and completely dissolving into a softness that he seldom experienced.
come from? And why did he feel compelled to bring up a small but significant fact about his sex life? Men didn’t do that kind of thing with other men, did they? If I was a woman, then I’d get that he was being suggestive for a reason. But when it struck me that was my gender in the reverse and we played out the same events from Friday night to now…wouldn’t all of this be considered as more than friendly?
It was the wall the older man maintained for years which prevented so much openness between them that even he could not cause it to crumble from their support and companionship. The wall that held behind it the pain from a broken marriage, the loss of a daughter, the tragedy of losing his best friend, Dean’s mother and the brutality of a childhood brought on by Naomi Novak.
“Funny how I dreamt those same words coming out of your mouth the night I walked out on you,” Cas returned immediately with the kit. His fingers worked quick but gentle enough to soothe the other man’s wounds.
. I thought that I would be disinterested by the storyline but it is proving to be quite an enjoyable ride and—”
“Since you’ve been in a damn relationship with this girl, you’ve become so open,” Dean snorted as he wandered towards the staircase and picked up a duster from the tabletop. But the very thought of Castiel entertaining a constant flow of sexual thoughts was something that he never thought of before until now. The older man always seemed so composed, but when Dean recalled how he was pushed against the wall and given a hickey that warmed his skin until that very moment, he was absolutely certain that there was a wealth of passion inside Castiel.
Cas stared back at the hunter and was so astonished by how bold his words had become, it was refreshing and at the same time, exhilarating.
“Why, Cas?” the younger man’s voice had softened until he couldn’t even hear it above the beating of his heart. “You think I’ve ever liked myself enough to stick around after all of this is over? You think I’ve looked in the mirror recently and saw some good inside of me that would last for a couple more years? I’m far gone. There’s no happy ending for me. But you…” tears clouded Dean’s eyes, “man, you deserve this more than anything and if there’s a choice…”
Carefully maneuvering his way around the pool and trying not to slip on the tiles, Dean avoided the huge grin from the older man following him down the line with prolonged teasing until he pulled open the door and practically rushed into the other room.
xoxoxo
"Of course, I'd love to go with you," Cas said earnestly as he carefully poked the fork into a cube of chicken and stared at it. "Dean can drive us." He almost choked on his mouthful of food when the older Winchester nudged his knee under the table in disapproval.
Next thing you know, Cass is gone. Poof. So your man gets up, walks to the door and yanks it open. I’ve got my bitch face on, fists clenched and ready to brace Cass with a few choice words when I notice something right off the bat. The Impala is just nosing its way into the parking lot and after Dean spots Cass, he begins grinning like a fool.
“Talk to me,” Dean said softly, his hand from on top of the chair lifting, allowing curled fingers to lightly caress Castiel’s right cheek. “Tell me what you’re thinking, Ocean Eyes.”
“You keep telling me that I’m a warrior,” Dean held Castiel in his arms tenderly. “But you’re one too. I can’t imagine what it’s like to grow up without having at least one parent who cares about you. For me, it was always my mom. If I didn’t have her, Cas, I would have probably died or ended up in a mental asylum somewhere.”
He deserved to not be happy, he would die alone because he would always lose the ones he loved one by one.
good."
"Convincing," Castiel nodded. The two of them eyed each other with a sense of familiarity in lack of passing judgment and an immediate attempt to offer nothing but compassion.
The two brothers were slowly walking up the aisle and the eldest Winchester kept whispering into Dean’s right ear, the two of them smiling.
“Don’t be jealous.”
"I can…feel your energy when you're close to me," Dean said softly. The air took on a cold draft as the A.C in the bunker adjusted to the temperature outside. "And right now, you're pissed. I'm really sorry, Cas. Will you ever forgive me?"
"Are you two finally a couple?"
"I was only joking," pressing their lips together and laughing, "hell, I'm sore too from the way you held me inside of you and I've never…
“Look,” the taller Winchester said as they hopped out the car at the motel and he went around to the driver’s side, “whatever’s going on between you two, you got to remember that you love each other. Don’t let some small crappy thing come between you. I don’t know what it is. But try to talk things through. You’ve come a long way. I don’t want you taking a bunch of steps backwards. Kiss and makeup, alright?” he threw them one last glance before hopping into the car and heading off.
“You asking me out, Cas?” Dean chuckled, and eyes lowered as he shyly considered their boots buried inside the thick snow. He really couldn’t believe it; that for the first time ever, his best friend of twenty-five years was actually suggesting a date.
Dean though, was immediately mortified by the sight of Castiel coming in his direction and no matter how much he tried to gain some sense of composure, his knees weakened. His mind grew dizzy and because the conversation with Ellen was still fresh from the feel of his tears shed not so long ago, he couldn’t breathe properly. And apparently Castiel was a little too flushed to conceal his anxiousness too.
"Some things take time, honey," Jody lightly patted him on his back, offering Dean a sympathetic look from across the table. "Wasn't easy for either of them to get here, but they figured it out."
"Oh right," Cas rolled his eyes. "Like you were so ready to admit that you had feelings for me from the moment I walked into that barn ten years ago. It took you all this time to come to terms with what any of it meant. I don't think you were even aware of—"
They were deeply confused, but not entirely affected, by Castiel who found that as much as he would have liked to act rather composed, he was falling apart. And his gaze could not be detached from the man who had pinpointed him once more as a source of interest. So, although he tried to swallow his surprise, he fell short of surprise.
Tea with her Majesty.
. You're making complete sense actually. I keep forgetting that this isn't something easy for either of you and it's going to be scary as hell to even think of what to do when you're not even sure. But Dean, think about it this way," Charlie said softly, trying to maneuver her way around the situation, "you're both on the same page as it is right now and I know what you're going to say…that he's loved you a couple years now and it means that he's comfortable with his feelings. However…Cas only had feelings for you. He never acted on those feelings and now for the first time, he's going to jump into this with you at the same time. The two of you are going to take a dive into experiences you never had before…
Searching for the Prince, Castiel couldn't locate him until Meg pinpointed the group of royals just a few feet away.
Cas chuckled beside him. Then turning a little into the window, he nestled his head into his right arm and welcomed the satisfying feeling of ultimately being the one person who could send Dean into a nervous state. All from the simple touching of their hands. And he couldn't imagine what would happen when they dared to go further. Maybe Dean would faint, or worst, run away. But going further was something Cas was prepared to be patient about. Slow steps. An inch at a time. He couldn't jump into this without allowing how they felt to blossom.
Slowly he approached the one man who had proved to him that love could be all kinds of things. Could be painful, create doubts, make him drown in paranoia. Could destroy him into a coma-like state. Could squeeze a river of tears from his eyes. Could snatch his breath away and force him to choke on sobs. Could cause him to melt, to feel things physically and mentally. To ache deep down inside his soul to touch, to feel, to taste. Because when he touched, and felt and tasted Dean, he felt alive. He felt as if he was an addict, and without his beautiful poison standing in front of him, nothing could function inside of him.
Cas nodded. “Like a cocoon.”
He hated using the damn machine because it was a breeder of germs.
"Just in case what, Sam?" Cas frowned.
"What does that even mean?" the older Winchester stared back in terrible confusion.
“Best bet? Somewhere parked staring at nothing in particular and dreaming of you. I’d say give him about three hours to come back. And don’t worry, man,” Sam noted the worry in those blue eyes and sighed. “If he doesn’t come back by 4am, we’re going to find him. In the meantime, tell me about what happened in Heaven because I could use a break from reading up on aliens.”
“I don’t know what could happen, but all I know right now is that bottom of the ninth, and last guy left on the bench, I’d rather have you.” He couldn’t see that Castiel was gazing at him so intently after uttering such words, and perhaps if he did then the weight of his statement would be felt too.
“Oh how the family continues to grow,” Mala shook her head and laughed. “By the time you two are done, you’ll have a football team.”
The room where Castiel turned him down, Dean went into it and hammered on the walls until he was discovered by Sam; broken and dead inside. Then when his brother tried to comfort him, he flung the hammer out of the window and dented the Bentley’s roof. And after having a physical altercation with Sam, Dean enacted a strict regime of sticking to his medication like it was a life or death situation.
"Just…" weakly pushing himself up, the hunter bit back the tears. "…let's get out of here."
So, because he wanted to take charge of the situation. To prove that he had the will power to push forward and disregard those simple advances, Dean slipped out from between the table and Cas, and he started towards the door.
"I'll try my best to wrap everything up by tomorrow evening," Castiel could promise with confidence but he was quite aware of his workload leading into year end when people would wish to flood him with their financial problems. "But I must return home this evening because there are a few things I need to accomplish in my office and since it is past the hour of nine…" hesitantly, he rose up and sighed at the backdoor.
“Anything you can tell us about the whole shitshow?” Dean collected one of the bags from Castiel and leaned into his touch, feeling exceptionally adored and loved.
“Yeah,” Charlie dusted soft snow from the bench where a few weeks ago, Castiel cried in Dean’s arms after speaking about Claire. Sitting down comfortably, dressed in brown winter boots, thick wool pants and a bright pink snow jacket, she laughed. “Look at you working up some muscles. Shovel away, Winchester.”
Castiel drowned in their gaze. “I missed you too, Dean.”
, Cas.”
“And your exams went well, of course.” The two of them eyed each other with slight amusement and then after Dean highlighted the fear of gaining a low grade on a subject, Castiel immediately disagreed. “Absolutely not. You are far too brilliant to fall short of excellence. I missed you,” the last three words were rushed out as he wrung his hands as if inwardly debating on some conflicting news. “Terribly. Dinner without you was quite bland even though your father provided colorful topics.”
looking eyes.”
“Think we can get a grand tour of your castle some time?” Gabriel looped his arm around Castiel and beamed at the King. “I’m guessing either you or
"If I would want to go where?" came that familiar gravelly voice from the doorway. Dean swiveled his chair around and stared wide eyed at the other man.
The two of them stayed quiet for a while and then when Whiskers let go and slinked into the kitchen, Dean got up.
“Dean, don’t you dare believe that I’m not experiencing the same kind of emotions.”
JANE AUSTEN:
What did he see when they met each other in the washroom at the hotel? Did he see a man that he was just attracted to and sexually desired?
Everyone cheered. Sam patted his brother on the back after delivering a heartwarming speech as well. Claire had a go at a few words, fumbling at first and then ending off by burying her face into Dean's chest. Alex and Donna praised how awesome he was with a heart as big as the ocean. And then just as they had all settled down and were happily chewing on cake, the sound of the door leading into the bunker opened and clanged shut.
The absence of a greeting did not bode well with Castiel, who continued to stare but after John remarked on how his son's complexion paled and worried that he might be ill, the younger man shook his head.
"Can you just admit that he turns your knees jelly? I'm clinging to your arm. I can feel how tense you've become. He is doing something to you."
Cas rose up and after slowly prying the glass from the hunter's fingers, he laced their fingers together. Then Dean complied, unfolding and feeling overwhelmed, he allowed himself to be led towards the bed with its soft blue sheets. Covered with red rose petals and fluffy pillows. And after they both shrugged off their jackets and pulled off their shirts, Dean reached for Cas' belt and unbuckled it as fast as his fingers would allow. As fast as he worked, his thoughts were flying like darts. And Cas mirrored his actions until both of them were gloriously naked in the soft yellow light of the lamps.
"I'm sorry," Cas tried in a soft tone that wasn't his. "I know that you hate me right now but you must at least give me the chance to explain why I stayed away."
Gabe walked into the small apartment and smiled around at the extensively neat setting. “Tony…is nothing but a regret. So I’ve run all the way across the country because I can’t go home. Mom’s going to bitch about my bad taste in men and I can’t survive through that shit. Not when my heart feels like it’s been run over by a tractor. Three years, Cas.
"I've been in pain for more than half my life so far and I connect to you because you're as broken as I am."
“So get this,” he tried to avoid the heart eyes Dean was throwing at Cas over the table in the War Room. Sam cleared his throat, “I think I’ve found a case. And it’s not Chuck related.”
“Cas, do you ever feel like something’s wrong with you?” he asked in a hoarse voice, gazing at their entwined hands. “Like you’ve made the worst decisions and you’ve done all the bad things. And you’re not worth it?”
"Lee kissed me," Dean said regrettably, and wishing not to even elaborate on his past, "okay? That much I’m sure you know by now. He got handsy and we kept going at it—and I didn't want to but it just…felt new and the booze was
Immediately the truth dawned upon the other man and he settled into a wide smile that brightened his sleepy face. “Oh, Cas…”
“Stay,” he said so softly as the rain lashed the windows.
John stood in the middle of the room, sipping on what appeared to be apple cider in a glass and Hanna slowly drifted towards the table, introducing herself to Sam. Immediately the two of them struck up a conversation and listening to the contentment from across the room, after John raised his eyebrows at Dean, he joined his youngest son and the lady who was the owner of a warm smile..
No. That was
"At the end of the day, you're still my dad. You're wearing his body like a costume," she shrugged. "But over the years, I've grown to like you a lot because you're so badass. Plus, you're more human than angel. You have feelings. You care about me and I used to be such a prissy about it but now I see things differently."
“With all due respect, Mr. Winchester. You’re completely out of line. You have no right…” Jennifer said sternly, although her voice trembled, “to talk to me like that. I’ve worked hard for this company. I’ve been here for five years. You’re vile with no heart for anyone. All you care about is whether GENTS makes a profit or not and we’re all just walked on—"
Two days after brushing shoulders in the hallways and having meals together with small smiles and the absence of words, Jody called to invite them over for Thanksgiving. And although Dean hadn't left the bunker in over three weeks, Sam's bitch face and sulking was enough persuasion to at least try to not be spoilsport.
After the two of us remained silent, I gave up and reached reluctantly to turn off the music.
could be my normal. Maybe I could have you…just…as much as you'd allow. And possibly when you moved on to have a wife and I a lonely bachelor, I would still
"My love," Cas teased again with a smile as he pulled open the door.
“No matter how hard you push me away.”
After Crowley was let off in front of the church, Castiel’s scowl latched onto the other man until the Impala nosed its way around a corner. His dissatisfaction was so evident by then, that Dean took his precious time before approaching the topic because he was certain of one thing; rarely did Castiel express such discontent in terms of someone else. And when he did, his reasons were absolutely substantial and valid.
Cas buried his face into the crook of Dean's shoulder and sighed deeply. Irish Spring. Security. Home. He felt like he finally belonged. And he was held so gently, his mind turned upside down and couldn't settle. Not when he finally could feel all of Dean. Of how alive and on fire he was because of simply holding him so close. Of how breathless he was becoming as his chest heaved and his lips parted upon Cas' forehead. Kissing and trembling from unfolding. From letting go of all his dark thoughts and doubts. Of trying to settle but wavering not too far from insanity. And most of all, Cas felt how Dean's body responded to his nearness. He was hard in his pants, undoubtedly. And just that simple realization seemed to melt Cas' body even further.
"They're going to an Old Year's party somewhere in town," she shook her head and smiled whilst Sam scooped up the twins from by the tree and deposited them onto the carpeted floor by the kitchen. "Oh to be young and in love."
“I don’t know, Cas,” Dean’s voice cracked on the other end, “you tell me how I could come so far being so comfortable with girls by dating them and sleeping with them. Then all of a sudden, I walk into school three years ago and there you are. And at first, I thought that hey, he’s pretty weird so I’m just going to try to get to know what’s his story. I kept waiting by my locker after my friends left, just to see you when you’d show up. I’ve done it every day since I first saw you fumbling with your combination as a first year—”
“I’ve never had someone do that.”
"It's not an excuse. If you love him and he loves you, he has a right to know about that part of you. It would explain a lot. And you can't keep it a secret until it ends up ruining your moment someday."
“The Empty said that it will come for me when I’m finally happy.”
“All of us used to hang out together,” Jody explained to Charlie who remained silent but observant. “Me, Donna, Dean’s dad and mom, Castiel, Bobby, Ellen. Back in those days we didn’t have technology so it was the good old nature we relied on. Used to build campfires up in the mountains and go fishing in the summer.”
Being blinded by tears wasn't quite appropriate among a family setting, especially when the heat from the fire drew the waterfall forward easier. Sometimes he believed that they thought of him as such a weak character who may cry for any injustice, and over the past five years give or take, Dean strove to prove them wrong. He sucked it up, thought of their constant fall outs as absolutely unnecessary and decided that if Castiel continued to doubt him and his trust, then there was only one thing he could do. And that was to suggest that they take a break from each other, step back and prioritize themselves again because it was obvious that the older man was struggling to believe Dean loved him more than himself.
“Well…” he admired how her face dusted with the most adorable pink as eye contact was avoided and she instead gazed at the fountain that wasn’t bubbling like usual, “I kind of have been sleeping over by her a few days now—”
Fine. He could relate to that theory, of first being able to achieve a sense of relief from the absence of anything else except their bodies raw and alive and real together. Just thinking about that instance was driving Dean crazy, so crazy that he couldn’t even breathe after wondering what such a thing would feel like…coming together with Castiel and savoring every single inch of the older man’s body. And knowing that if they did, then he would become so tormented in the most pleasurable way, that there would be no chance to turn back.
“Jesus fucking—” he yanked his hand away, stumbled backwards and backed into the side of a parked jeep. “Christ!” Staring in bewilderment, jaw hanging open…in the process of being jolted to his senses…he hastily dropped my keys.
Dean was so certain of that, as he was constantly certain of how long it had been since they last cast their eyes on each other. And god how it hurt.
“Quit staring,” Dean said scowling, and then he sipped on his soda, eyes scanning the crowd gathering for the next movie.
"You still got the ring?" Amanda asked all of a sudden. "Don't give me that look! I found the ring in his jacket when I was busy trying to tear off his clothes," she beamed at Cas. "Can you imagine that?"
But now, he was so certain that there was no going back for him and when he reminisced on the time when Dean promised exactly that; that Castiel would keep craving for more and more, he chuckled to himself. Feeling warm and emptied to satisfaction was the kind of bliss that he never dreamed of and the experience was nothing compared to what he shared with his ex-wife.
“Yeah, I actually am,” Dean reached up and flicked his tears away. He returned those wet eyes to the ocean splashing beneath the pier. “I just want to get to know you before I do because I’m still scared shitless that you’re not invested in this. And if I take this step with you then I want it to last. At least that way I can prove to my friends that I’m going to do this because it’s something that I need, not something that I want.”
“I know you are, sweetheart,” Castiel tenderly reached out and caressed Dean’s cheeks that instantly flushed and he studied the color dusting the other man’s neck curiously. “What is it?”
"But then someone comes along, eager to prove to you that you're not so bad after all," Sam reassured him in a calm voice. "And as much as I've been there for you, I know that that person is definitely Cas."
usually the dick and he's the comforting one—"
Sam snorted into the mouth of his beer and when his brother moved past him, he playfully bumped shoulders. "Wouldn’t want to wound
For a long time, the two of them stood side by side and stared at the sky dusted by a deep shade of orange. The setting sun showed a slice of fire between two hills. Fishermen rowed their boats to the shore in the west. Castiel though, was thinking of one thing only even though his favorite place on earth was becoming even more beautiful by the second. And that was Dean.
me. I don't regret the things I did to prove how much I…" Dean paused, their gaze deepening. "I know that what I said to my father was wrong. It's not the truth. There has been nothing but admiration for you."
Hey Eileen,
“Fine,” pushing himself up and disturbing the neatly lined cards, Dean inhaled deeply and cast her a look of confidence. “Beginning now, I’m going to prove him wrong.” And removing himself from the table with Charlie staring wide-eyed, he boldly approached the middle of the room where the trio was gathered by the fire.
“Because…” Dean’s voice was suddenly hoarser as he tried to smile, “I want to know the same thing since I met you. Are you more of a slow, deep and passionate lover? Or are you kinky and rough and playful?”
“How? Am I embarrassing you?”
“Oh, right,” Castiel’s eyes blinked at the darkened sky above, “You wake up at nine a.m. and eat breakfast. Then you’re in virtual classes for as much as four hours every day on the internet, sparing lunch in the middle. And after working on research, you’re left with let’s say 4 p.m. until midnight to do heaven knows what apart from reading.”
. Benny never was the kind to avoid bad influences and these men were far too destructive to someone he absolutely loved and cared for in every way possible.
"There's nothing happening, Jesus," Dean lied and immediately was drenched in cold sweat when he realized that he attached religion to the deed. "Why is everyone so damn quick to jump to conclusions?"
Sam smiled a little. "Ten years." Mala actually smiled back at him because he had indulged her with a bit of the past.
“Don’t be,” Charlie punched his arm playfully and the two of them stared at the rows and rows of purposeful items, “we learn something new everyday and it’s good that you’re learning now, right? That way you can know all about this by the time you get there with Cas. This one here…” she plucked a blue bottle from the shelf and showed him, “is mostly for guys because it helps with the discomfort from…pushing things into small places…” when Dean’s face flushed bright red, Charlie giggled, “come on, Dean, you’re behaving like virgin when you’re totally
"I'll give you your space," Cas decided as both Winchesters stared at him. "The couch looks comfortable so—"
is some pretty girl who’s lucky enough to have you tied down?”
When he ended the call with Ruby though, there was that uncomfortable ache between his legs that was reminiscent of suffering through arousal spells in the New York office. Just when he thought that most of the bad habits were left behind in his old life, those were obviously packed and transported here to London with the aid of his dearest best friend.
But nevertheless, Castiel persevered and collecting his coat from the hanger, he slipped into it and quietly lifted the latch. There was no need to alert Sam or anyone else as to where he was venturing off to. By choice, he wished to disappear without any burning questions because everyone had questions. Claire, even Jody seemed to be aching for the answers. Answers he could not provide.
"I have sensitive eyes," Castiel touched his shades. "Being a blood sucker sucks…no pun intended."
"Well…the stars are freaking aligned tonight, believe me…" spreading his legs for Castiel to gain better access, and allowing those fingers to work their magic, Dean melted like butter. "I'd like nothing better than that, huggy bear."
Everyone at that point was gazing; Jody softened up beside Donna who happened to glance at Charlie pressing her fists to her mouth to hold back a squeal, Sam nuzzled his cheek closer to his wife's own and John…well he settled down with a satisfied grin. Ellen drifted away and stood by the telephone with a very contented smile, and by the time the two lovers pulled apart, gazing at each other deeply and rubbing their noses together, she cleared her throat.
She wasn’t triumphant in her obvious intentions; therefore, he favored his position in the matter, being the one who succeeded as the winner.
“Dean, you’re officially a Swiftie.” Cas handed back the phone and after collecting it, Dean sighed. “What’s wrong?” Cas asked with a frown.
Nodding and breaking the connection between their eyes, Dean hugged himself and accepted that it wasn’t the right moment to express himself because the other man was clearly insulted and angered. Nothing good could come out of such emotions, and he wasn’t prepared to poke the bear with a stick to enact something he couldn’t handle.
“Talk to me, sweetheart,” she wound an arm around his waist and tugged him in, the warmth of her hug instantly evaporating the pain like a hurricane inside of his chest. “I know something happened between you and Cas and like old times when me and you used to tell each other everything, lay it all on me. This time he ain’t the one you can turn to, so you got to vent on someone else.”
“He was so amazing,” Jody laughed when Charlie stared at them in awe. “Dean probably doesn’t know half of it because no one ever talks about it but your best friend…” she jerked her chin at the other man smiling at something Bobby was explaining to him, “…he was so attractive as a senior, all the girls were begging him to be his prom date. And I mean…all of them. The head of the cheerleading squad, Sasha Fielding too.”
"I just want to do what I can, you know? If I could, I'd give them hampers every single week."
"Hi." That nervous smile and then the older man gingerly chewed his bottom lip.
“Apart from my obvious feelings as any friend would experience,” Castiel returned the smile bashfully, “Dean has been ravished by pneumonia in the past and we almost lost him. Yes, yes,” he observed her look of disbelief. “Of course, he cannot recall the severity of the situation because he was unconscious. But Dean was in the hospital for two weeks of which I lost a considerable amount of weight and sanity. When he recovered, he wasn’t the same again, developing a phobia from being outdoors although he will not admit it. Also, after that, he became less energetic and much more in love with being in the house.”
The space between them fell into a silence for a while as blue eyes studied the beautiful features of a young man who was eager to believe that he deserved the injustices of the world. “How was any of that your fault?”
“Really?” Castiel finally locked eyes with him and Dean marveled over the pleased look, almost as if his friend was overly pleased by the answer.
Cas gulped, shook his head and sighed. “The last time I saw Dean was yesterday before he went out into the town to enjoy his last night as a single man. Now I’m hoping that he doesn’t have second thoughts because—”
At least he was feeling something apart from the hysteria inside of his body. The crashing of waves against his skull. The hammering of a migraine that wouldn't fade, because painkillers never worked. And because he couldn't look Rowena in the eyes whilst he related the disturbing tale, when he lost control, he went to her window.
“What…” Castiel inhaled deeply as he tried to gather composure, “…comments?” And John who searched his friend’s demeanor discovered that anger was rarely an emotion that crossed the other man’s face but evidently was in abundance and deserving immediately. "What did he do to you?"
For a while, the other man simply considered blue eyes. The wind lightly lifted Cas’ hair and Dean reached out, his fingertips brushing the soft tendrils away from eyes that reminded him of a calm ocean.
And he dreamed of nothing more than fire in the sky and Dean's smile. The way his entire face softened as the most beautiful smile reached those mesmerizing eyes. And in that moment, he seemed so young and filled with life.
He read the letter several times, searching even between the ink for forgery. Holding it up to the light to assess the distinct watermark which turned out to be quite genuine enough. And afterwards, Castiel marveled over two things: actually receiving a letter from her Majesty, the Queen. And being invited to have tea with her.
In fact, he hadn't. Castiel sighed. "Why are you calling me so late…Dean?" using the other man's name, tasting it on his tongue was something so electric, he hated himself for feeling that way. "What do you want?"
"You're the one who ruined it, so don't sit there and try to make me feel like I’m being sensitive about this," Dean was crying already, turning his face sideways to conceal his tears from whoever happened to glance their way. He pulled off his glasses weakly and pressed the heels of his palm onto closed eyes that burned. "I hope you're happy that you're making me embarrass my damn self."
I fidgeted with a button on my long sleeved black shirt and wanted to flee. “He’s my friend. I don’t want to turn him down. He’ll become very worried that—"
“It’s a date then,” Dean leaned forward and rubbed their noses together affectionately, and instantly, blue eyes fluttered close as Castiel drifted nearer. In that moment, the chemistry between them was so electric, bringing their lips closer as Dean dared a chaste kiss. What he felt after brushing their lips though was something so tremendous that weakened his knees. “Spending today with you sounds like the beginning to the best day ever.”
The crowds went wild and never showed signs of dying down. And the one part of the procession that remained quite exhilarating was the clopping of the horses’ shoes on the road, entangling Castiel into a wild sense of living his best dream.
"I can't even make you laugh. All I keep doing is making you cry…"
“I’d be more than thrilled to be there. Thanks, Sam.”
"Cas what are you talking about?" Dean stared in disbelief at the other man. "What the hell does that even mean? I never knew that you felt the same way about me. Son of a bitch," he swore under his breath and sat back, dumbfounded. "All this goddamn time he knew," this was directed at Sam. "He knew how I felt and he chose to shut up about it."
Fucking things up could have been part of my worry at any other time, but it wasn’t in that moment. I just wasn’t able to process my actions with clarity and sense. All I knew was that I
“Um, okay,” Sam was evidently worried at that point. “You two can head on back to the motel. I need to talk to Samantha Savory’s boyfriend. Maybe he saw something. I don’t know.”
He couldn’t believe how desperately he needed Castiel, how he wanted to take the older man’s hand, climb the stairs and peel off their clothes. Those thoughts were becoming so strong, experienced in bolder colors as the time progressed and no matter how difficult it was to restrain himself, Dean simply could not prevent his mind from wandering.
And Castiel was stunned because Dean was possibly, no, decidedly the most handsome young man that he had ever laid eyes on.
“Of course, I love you,” Dean said hoarsely, a strained expression on his face. “Why would you even ask me that?”
“And suppose whilst you were jumping around the world, taking your time to come back to me, I ended up killing myself…”
“Stop,” Castiel groaned, barely shrugging her away because he adored her comfort. “Before we get sent to the principal’s office for inappropriate touching.”
“I read Nancy Drew,” Dean said, obviously selecting the question on books. “And Hardy Boys and Dana Girls and I’ve recently started on Harry Potter.”
Dean literally sat there on the stool, brooding and pensive and stared at his mobile screen until the battery decreased by five percent. Evidently Castiel was online, but the older man seemed to be stalling on a response, as if he was still trying to digest the words. Then when Dean stared at the TYPING status, he settled into an anxious state and sipped on his beer.
"It's always a problem, man," Dean admitted openly for the first time to someone else, "and he doesn't even flex. A balance. That's all I want to feel like I'm not giving and giving and he's just absorbing like a freaking blotting paper."
"Most times you are. But then I like when you surprise me. Please, do not check in the sewers. I'm already going crazy by not being there to protect you and Claire. So, Dean…"
She stalled though, because being cornered when higher ranking authorities were calling the shots could only give her so much leverage.
“No, don’t,” whining like a petulant child, Castiel tugged the other man closer, “don’t leave me please. Dean.”
The weather, on a Friday, was rather rainy. The streets of London were so wet, and slicked from morning of showers, that pedestrians were wearing all colors of Wellington boots. Their umbrellas swirled outside of the window on Ruby's left like rainbows. And every so often, a clap of thunder punctuated their conversation.
Castiel wasn’t even aware how needy he could become, how his fingers sought out Dean, still hard and straining. They were trying to reach that level of kissing which peeled away their layers and exposed their souls out in the open when he raked his fingers up Dean's heaving chest and pushed him deeper into the seat. He kissed him like there was no tomorrow, like they were spending their last moments on earth and would be pulled apart.
"I don't think I have to explain to you how going all the way with a guy works," Sam considered Dean's demeanor and frowned over the constipated look. "Like what goes where."
"Will you ever pull your head out your ass?" Ruby smiled nonetheless. "You haven't changed a bit in five years. God dammit. The last time I was in New York, you were still the same stuck up little shit. Do you still hoard books?"
“It’s not what you think,” Dean tried again, swallowing hard when those blue eyes that he loved more than anything in the world offered him nothing but the most disappointed look he had ever witnessed. “Cas, I—”
“Since when did you turn so insolent?” Cas marveled over the change, catching his breath when he neared the edge from his cock grinding onto the edge of the sink. “Dean, if you don’t stop, then I’m going to –”
"And how the hell would you know about this?" Castiel was getting frustrated now with the topic of their conversation. His irritation would lead to an abundance of sass. And the two of them would start fighting. "How the hell would you know if everyone was paid off to keep things off record?"
Both of his brothers suddenly zipped their lips and resumed smiling widely at someone approaching behind Castiel. And apparently, he always managed to find himself in a situation where Dean’s presence was felt before he was seen.
And when Ruby started calling out to him, he only managed to wipe the tears away quickly before springing out of bed.
The tightness was hot and searing and blissful though. The way Dean filled him up completely like fire that pooled inside his gut was all too much to handle. By the time Castiel felt Dean’s hands diving under his shirt and moving upwards in a desperate attempt to find his nipples, he was far gone.
"Of course you are. Man, the twenty one questions is killing me right now," Dean tried to laugh it off nervously, breaking the intense gaze and squeezing the bridge of his nose. "And I don't know about rules. What are you talking about? Whether I should be allowed to hang with people from my past who show up? Because that's obviously a definite no. And whilst we're on that topic, is this because I slighted Hanna? Is that why you're against me hanging with some other guy?"
"Mmm?"
“Thought you were swamped with work?” Dean slowly stepped away, collected the shovel and his heart groaned from the absence of the older man’s arms.
“She wanted to be here for the wedding apparently,” Castiel continued in a softened tone whilst half of his mind escaped somewhere else, “but she missed it because of exams and after returning today, I ran into her and her mother. She seems quite changed and if I didn’t recognize her face, I will admit that her attitude has altered drastically.”
The hunter shook his head, his eyebrows arching as he blinked in disbelief. “I’m fine.”
With tears in his eyes, he sought out a female vessel on earth that was willing to accommodate him, and when he found one that was most suited, Cas didn't stop there. He further perused the earth for the one person who couldn't slip out of his mind. The one person who he loved endlessly although his heart had been ripped into two. His mind ran through places and was alarmingly surprised when he discovered that Dean's soul was sitting cramped up in a corner inside a bar.
The lawn lights were so bright all of a sudden but the night air felt too cold. “On a school night?” Castiel frowned at the suggestion, “and it’s almost eight.”
“Dean,” his footsteps stalled five feet away and those blue eyes were bright.
From the moment their eyes met though, the older man stalled by the doorway and stared back, parted lips revealing how Dean’s entrance wasn’t prepared for at all. Apparently, he must have believed that the evening would pass without the two of them meeting each other and since Dean was suddenly overwhelmed by recalling their earlier conversation, he diverted his eyes to the carpeted floor instead. By then Charlie pulled away from the embrace and was privy to the angst between the two men, so naturally, she stood awkwardly considering the scene until Ellen’s bout of laughter distracted them all.
"Hi—" Dean tried in a voice that was not his own before Castiel turned and walked away as if faced with the angel of death. "Right, great." Rolling his eyes, he sucked in a generous amount of air and felt light-headed.
The soft feel of someone brushing their fingers upon his face caused him to lightly stir sometime in the night. But he was too exhausted to lift himself out of those blissful dreams of Dean. Then Castiel barely opened his eyes when thunder rolled above the castle and a heavy shower hammered on the world outside. And he pulled his cold feet under the heavy blanket, not even realizing that he didn’t fallen asleep under one.
“Really? What did you do? Play with each other under the table? You’re both red and obviously awkward as hell.”
"Thank you for all you've done," Dean said, and reaching for Castiel’s hands, he slowly entwined their fingers as if carefully trying to test the waters between them. As if he was wondering how the simple touch would gravitate them closer. And when the older man’s parted lips revealed how mesmerized he was from the intimate gesture, he closed the distance between them.
"Dean, look at me," Castiel stepped closer and collected the other man's wet cheeks between his palms and when that beautiful shade of emerald rested on him, he gingerly chewed his lips. "I'm always here with you, and I always will be right beside you. And if you ever need me, I'm right across there," he turned and pointed at the looming mansion where the windows gave off an eerie glow from the lights behind them. "All you have to do is come and find me. But you must understand that my job is tiresome and awfully hectic and as much as I'd like to stay with you every single day, I cannot."
"Shut up," Castiel groaned and rolled his eyes upwards, "all the pressure is on me and this is so unfair. Honestly I should just hand you the ring so that you may be the one who proposes."
Dean rolled his eyes and lips pressed together, he bit down hard enough to stop himself from crying. Sam could have a go at him all he wanted but the fueled-up rage couldn’t change anything.
“Fourth base!” she raised her voice to capture his attention, “is just plain old fucking. I’m guessing you’re only at third base, unless he’s fucked you and that’s why you’re missing for days because you’re so hung on the moon in love with the monster cock.”
"Dude, this is not about who's his best friend," Sam said when Dean cast his eyes off and looked disappointed. "At the end of the day, I'm not the one who owns his heart. You're the man he wants to spend the rest of his life with. Me? I'm just his brother. And I think all you need to do is start asking the questions and you'll get the answers."
Nervousness was still evident, and although Castiel wound an arm around his waist and pulled him nearer, Dean couldn’t fight the urge to bundle them up closer together. His fingers sought out the fur lining of the older man’s winter coat, burying deep inside and carding his hand across Castiel’s back still radiating with warmth through his layers of clothing. And because he could not contain his swell of desire, Dean suddenly stopped on the pathway and after blue eyes considered him, he drifted nearer and buried his face into the nape of Castiel’s neck.
"Yeah."
“Yeah,” Claire chuckled as her cheeks flushed from the memories, “but you never were. You were so awesome and nice to me, even when I was a grumpy cat. And maybe that’s why I kept asking if you two got together as yet…” her eyes rested on her father, “because at least I knew that you were always there for me when my other dad wasn’t.”
“I just…” Dean’s chest heaved when Castiel planted a definite hand on his left thigh. Contact. That was the first step and then it was like flipping a switch on inside of his body afterwards that could lead to a chain of events long now craved for. “I’m trying to take things slow but it’s really not that easy.”
Sam, on the other hand was never the type to get crossed easily. He maintained his softened look. "That you're one of the few people on earth who has become the victim to
"I thought you would be asleep by now," that toe curling gravelly voice rested somewhere above his head. "But then," Dean peered up and stopped breathing, "you must be thinking of me as I'm thinking about you."
"You smell like dad," Claire said when he followed her up the stairs and tucked her into bed like big, scowling baby. "Did you move in? What did I miss?"
For a long time he sat there looking at me and I thought that he would start crying. The look on his face was so tragic, Eileen. Like he was holding his breath for so long and when I admitted that I wouldn’t judge him, Dean just wanted to start breathing again.
“Let’s go,” he saved my anxiety attack by deciding that I wasn’t going to be his slave as yet. It would probably take a little time, unless he wanted to harass me.
me. Okay, so before you find out anyway, I just want you to know that after I couldn’t come over here and bother you during the week with my total excitement, I went over to talk to Cas about my teaching job.”
“He was here, drowning in alcohol. Only thing he’s been doing since you left because like he said, when you walked out and never came back, he took it to mean that you called quits on him –”
"Okay," Sam complied. He still needed to be cautious. "So I know that you and Cas share a profound bond." When Dean shook his head and smiled a little, it was enough to soften Sam's fear of losing his brother. "It took a while for me to figure out what that meant. But I did. I kind of…stumbled into this without even expecting it. And then I was hopeful that maybe if you could figure out for yourself what you wanted, then maybe you could learn to accept it bit by bit."
This conversation was not happening. Tran could tell anyone about what he saw. But I was so certain that the guy could be trusted. I had known him for a long time. However, when certain things happened and friendships were tested, people tended to reveal different sides of themselves.
Being in the Ritz was a big thing for me, and I imagined staying in one of the rooms as a guest. I thought about what my father would say about his son moving around with the country’s richest man, and then it struck me. I was actually in the company of a celebrity, wasn’t I? However, I twisted or turned it, Dean Winchester was the CEO of GENTS magazine, one of the most powerful men in the world.
“I’ll
“I’ll pick you up at four,” Dean offered. “Or five. Whichever time suits you.”
Their eyes met and Dean shook his head even before replying, because he understood at that point that whatever was happening inside of his chest wasn't disappointment in Castiel's actions. "I could never be. It's more like being mad at myself because I expected too much."
"I know. But that's what I felt like I deserved after what I did. So I pushed him away. I told him to leave me the hell alone because I couldn't deal with what was going on between us and what had happened to mom. I couldn't deal with all of it. And when I looked back, he was…gone." Dean raked his fingers through his hair, shielding his eyes, but Sam knew in that moment that he was crying. His shoulders shook.
Slowly, the humor developed between them, the music continued into BØRNS - Electric Love and as the chemistry built and the other seniors stopped to admire, Castiel rested their foreheads together. Lips dancing closer, they weren’t even aware of anything else except the really electric love happening. The blissful feeling of barely tasting each other and staying there, of holding their breaths and coming out boldly together.
"Technically, she is."
“I’m sorry. I’m such a fuck up.” The Prince lowered his gaze and bit his lips. And in that moment, the kind of tragedy revealed from how broken they had become was too much to conceal.
"Here, let me keep those," Sam offered, holding out a hand, "will make Dean think that it's stuff I bought."
Why was I even taken to that conference though? Did he need to somehow justify an inner suspicion about me? What was going on here? All I understood from our interactions was that he had me on a rollercoaster ride of feelings and a wild guessing game. There wasn’t anything else to determine from the series of events that passed by so far because I couldn’t find a common ground between us. What I did know was that more than ninety percent of the time, Dean was absolutely my boss and I was an intern. Nothing else happened between us, nothing that I considered as phenomenal except coincidences like when he rested his hand next to mine. But that was it.
“I saw a unicorn in the minimart and thought about you,” Cas swerved away from the topic. He smiled. “How you hate unicorns when you’re exactly like one.”
“Okay, so this girl…Kaia,” Dean really decided that he perhaps had shoveled enough and paused, because her dilemma was of importance and so far, Claire seemed to be struggling with her emotions. “What’s she like. Tell me about her so I can know at least what advice to give you.”
"I don't think you will. Takes a lot to change someone's mind about proposing. And to
Cas shoved Dean’s pants down, the garment falling to the hunter’s ankles, and he trailed a path of soft kisses down the other man’s torso. Awakening Dean in every possible way when his body trembled, back arching into the wall. Dean’s muscles moved under his perfect skin as beads of sweat dampened his vest. And he wanted to take the garment off, to admire Dean in the soft glow of the bunker’s lights but his patience was growing thin by the second.
Slowly he unbuttoned his plaid shirt, tugging out his arms one by one, those green eyes never leaving blue ones, and then moving to toeing off his shoes, Dean licked his lips. He was so elated, so conscious of the heat pooling around his gut that the evident strain of his cock inside his slacks wasn't a surprise and after slipping off those, he held his breath and remained right where he was like an art exhibit.
"I don't want to be strangers. I lied." Dean squared his shoulders and inhaled deeply.
“I bet you say that to all the lucky ladies.”
For a while, Castiel simply glorified his worried mind by gazing upon the other man’s disposition.
Then there was the most beautiful life in London he could snatch up like a blade between his fingers, falling into Dean’s arms and loving him in fear. Regardless of the pain their attachment would bring and the obvious threats from John. And because he was standing between these two places, Castiel needed a rainbow.
"I told him through my thoughts how I was angry. So angry, I ended up blaming him and that I was sorry. And then I screwed it up," Dean sighed. "I guess he felt how terrible it was between us at that point. To me, I should have regretted the moment out loud when I said that he was dead to me. But I didn't take it back. And what I felt was just pain. So much pain. Inside my chest." Dean tried to explain as he crumbled in front of Sam. "I thought I was going to die because he hated me so much that he was going to waste me. I know it's stupid," Dean's eyes locked with Sam's. "That's what I felt. Like he hated me."
A prickly feeling nestled in Dean’s gut but he ignored it because there was no definition on the suspicion to add enough substance. “I know dad has the landline pinned to the wall by the phone. So, I know what to dial when I need to.”
“Just like how you keep kissing right here?” Castiel pointed to where his neck met his shoulder. “Or behind my neck?”
“Feel me,” he whispered into the other man’s ear, grazing his teeth behind Castiel’s neck. Dean fitted his cock through the harsh fabric of denim between Castiel’s ass and every single time he grinded their bodies together, the other man moaned into the wall. “Because when I finally have you, you’ll become hoarse from screaming my name. I can guarantee you that.”
There Dean was left, standing in a puddle of confusion that only became worse for him when a doorway opened up inside his mind. The room around him disappeared and was replaced by a sunlit one where windows were like scenes from a movie, snatches in time that made no sense until he could definitely highlight himself and the other man. And instantly becoming fueled by adrenaline, as Dean’s heartbeat quickened, he darted through the crowd and left a few people staring in his wake.
“Well, you took my breath away.”
He already had a plateful to deal with and to pile this on top? The damage two disgruntled employees could do was unpredictable at that point and who caused all this chaos? I was. Knowingly and embracing my guilt, I was the one who just couldn’t suck it up and accept the extra responsibilities. I was the one who had to whine about it. And now where it all led us was into the path of danger where the spite could turn into hellfire and GENTS was holding its breath.
“Dean,
“I…” what? No! The sentence was delivered so smoothly that it took about four seconds for me to process the words. But I couldn’t do that, “I was hoping to join Kevin in the lunch room, actually and—”
“Both. My parents…my brothers fighting. All the drama…I guess,” I sighed as my throat ached but didn’t want to tell him much because you couldn’t mix your personal life with work. “But I’ve always managed to read my way into disappearing for long periods of time.”
Dean took in a shaky breath, and he couldn’t even look into the distinct shade of blue eyes that laced his blood with poison. That was slowly killing him from guilt that he felt weak and terrified and lost.
you as my companion who I could spend time with. Be with. Talk to. I didn't know, obviously," the older man chuckled, "that there would ever be more, and my epiphany feels so flimsy now compared to what has happened."
There were wall sconces behind black brackets and finely polished oak tables with antique lamps. The heavy darker peach curtains were pulled away to reveal an overcast Saturday. And when he sat up further, scrubbing the sleep from his eyes, Castiel spied the framed photos on the opposite wall from Dean’s bed; of the most beautiful famous quotes from Jane Austen’s novels.
I get back into the room and close the door barely allowing a little space to stare at the two of them.
"Maybe it was one of my episodes again," Dean said to her. Thinking about taking another shot, he almost did but stayed by the window. "I've been sailing on a high for close to two weeks now. All the partying and booze. And then I met him and flaunted myself in the media, bringing him into it. Now, look where it got me."
They literally couldn’t say anything to each other for a full minute though.
in any of this, Dean. You're aware of what happened with Amelia and all the other women who came after her were distractions. I've told you earlier that I've never done this before with a man but I would believe that since we've known each other for…an absolute amount of years, then we can adapt easily. But if this isn't what you want, then by all means come right out and admit it to me instead of prolonging my demise. Just be certain of one thing though, Dean," Castiel said, tears leaking from his eyes, "if you decide to walk away from this, I will never be able to recover and I'm not begging you to try. For goodness sakes, I'm not forcing you to do this with me. However, there is nothing else except you. And if I'm to lose you as I have you now, then I will perhaps have to…leave Littleton. For good, maybe."
“So, he uses pet names now?” she smirked as Castiel brushed by, heading crossly to the living room. “That’s fast! What else does he call you, huh? Hunk? Hot ass? Tight ass? Did you two screw already?”
“My ex-wife,” his voice broke all of a sudden, and when tears filled his eyes, I stared back because never before could any kind of preparation brace me for that sight. “She had her lawyers send me some papers today. Basically I…can’t…” he reached up and pressed his fingertips to his eyes, trying to breathe. “I can’t see my kid without her consent. I’m a bad influence on him because
Dean frowned. "Tangerine…I guess? Old Spice. Yummy?"
"You don't want me to play you something?" those green eyes didn't sparkle but remained flat although a small smile still played on Dean's lips. "How about our song? Heaven. I could keep going onto you fall asleep."
When the younger Winchester finally stirred merely six hours after, he blindly stared at the vacant chair and frowned deeply. But barely, Sam had enough time to process the fact that his brother had resorted to the confinements of his room or perhaps wandered outside. Because about five minutes after rubbing the sleep from his eyes, there was the distinct sound of the flutter of wings and Castiel entered the scene, stage left, wearing a deepened frown and wet blue eyes.
“Shh,” Dean walked the other man backwards until he was sandwiched between him and the door. And then, when Cas tried to plead his case again, Dean pressed a kiss onto parted lips. The worry began to fade away. Little by little, the world around them seemed clearer.
“God, no,” Dean scowled and stiffened up from the suggestion. “And what is it with people assuming that we’re more than friends? She’s more like the sister I never had.”
“That doesn’t sound like Cas at all,” Charlie stared back in awe. “He seems so soft and reserved and—”
." Sam danced his head closer to his brother mockingly.
“I heard that somebody asked for you specifically from the Royal Familia,” Morales perched himself on the edge of the desk. “I wonder if it’s your boyfriend. The Prince.”
“How important is…sex to me?” the quality of Castiel’s voice was tremendously affected and when Dean nodded slowly, he considered the question and swallowed. “Um,” clearing his throat, he studied his plate as if searching for a most suited reply, “my answer will obviously allow you to judge my character and our relationship so if I must be completely honest, I’ll go with one hundred.”
“Was he on the radio?”
"Can you stop being such a pain in the ass?" Cas was stunned. "Can you stop being so childish?"
Dean sighed, folded his arms and stared at his socked feet, bright red and warm. "Thought screwing each other would cure that."
When green eyes that were flat met blue ones, Castiel shook his head and stared back in shock. He was suddenly treated as if he could perhaps be a fly on the wall, as if nothing between them mattered at all. And the hurt Castiel felt was so excruciating, he wished he hadn’t come upstairs in the first place.
“Look, I’m sorry for being this way, okay? But I just want…to know things. I want to know what you want me to do. I want to know what you’re like in this…” he glanced around, “house… Where do you sit in the mornings to have your tea? Do I cross your mind when you’re here all by yourself and do you…” Dean’s voice faltered as he blinked through tears, “and you said on the phone…do you really touch yourself when you think of me? Did I ever make you…”
“I’m not the one complaining about anything. He’s the one who thinks
As the car pulled up in front of the library where they were supposed to meet Claire's friend, she smiled lovingly at him.
Dean honestly believed that his friend was still trailing after good humor so he laughed. “Man, imagine what they’d say about us if we sat at a table, two single dudes, having a drink. All sorts of gay things. Would reach Sam till in New York and then I wouldn’t hear the last of him teasing me. Can’t tarnish our exceptional reputations, Cas. No homo.”
“Can I kiss you?” his voice was softer.
Then, of course, everything else in the cathedral settled into a calmness that reserved Castiel the right to at least comment internally on the exactitude of Saint Anne’s.
"You had good intentions," Dean said in a tone that didn't hint any kind of anger. "Just…" he sighed, squeezing the steering wheel a little, "don't interfere when I don't ask you to, okay?"
," he said, laughing in the dark from her ability to always indulge in good humor. "Maybe God should have made ours with the additional feature of vibrating when necessary. Would you consider Dean as gay now that he's hooked on Cas?"
Charlie nudged his right shoulder and chuckled. “Don’t
Dean understood that being bipolar was tragic enough to chase away those people who could never understand that loving him was like holding a tender mess of broken shells between their fingers.
"I should take a shower," he said, after growing conscious of the many smells that may cling to his clothes. "Want to join me?"
Now, when they gazed at each other, Dean wondered what secrets his best friend held close at heart, or maybe locked away deep down inside. Secrets that were never touched by anyone else but buried beneath the rubble because he at least understood that Castiel’s past was tainted by tragedies. Learning these stories from John possibly should have been the most painful part of Dean’s relationship with Castiel, because he would have favored his friend confiding in him. But after becoming familiar with the misfortune of an abusive mother, bullied severely in school, a marriage that was such a sore topic to touch; Dean feared delving into those areas of Castiel’s life.
exhaling. “Cas.” It was really him. And knowing that they were so far apart, nothing else mattered.
“Ah, yes. Not my proudest moment but it was the beginning of my friendship with Mary. I also became John’s rival,” Castiel frowned as he held onto his glass of eggnog and studied the green drapes decorated with red chrysanthemums. “He thought that I was becoming romantically interested in his girlfriend.”
The hush around the floor was deafening. I folded over my desk and braced myself for the rest because so far, the wrath I was seeing was convincing enough. Ruby wasn’t wrong when she told me that the guy could be worse than a tornado. He was scary and unpredictable and coupled with how powerful he was around here? I didn’t ever want to infuriate him.
There was of course, nothing like the flutter of wings or that deep, gravelly voice signaling Cas' presence. Just the rustle of leaves and the running of water somewhere in the building behind him.
. "No."
"Nah," Sam settled back in the chair and screwed off the cap on a bottle of water. He was silently wondering what Dean was about to confess to him. And trying as hard as possible, Sam muffled the assumptions.
Instead, he chose to make the first move because he wanted to feel like he still had some control over something.
"But she groped you," Mala came to an abrupt stop in the kitchen when her eyes rested on Dean, "oh hey you! Think of what she'd do to poor Dean," this she directed at Sam who was towering above all of them.
Immediately Castiel turned around and offered a gaze that was too intense to digest and because the connection remained strong enough to weaken their composure, they drew nearer because something always tugged them closer. It was never a force to struggle with, no matter what was said or done, fights and harsh words, gravity stepped in and entwined their worlds. And because their confessions still lingered in the air, both of them searched inside their eyes for so much more that could not be said.
Maybe whilst Castiel was introduced to Meg's friends and familiarized himself with the likes of members of high society, he was trying as hard as he could to swallow his feelings, to shake hands and talk about politics.
"Heads up!" Sam suddenly bellowed from above on the landing. "If you're naked, I'm giving you a minute to get dressed and look decent because we have company!"
“Sucking cock is not a crime, and neither is it a displeasure,” Balthazar snorted when his brother’s eyes widened like saucers. “And by far, since Dean is packing, you’ve got a generous amount to work with, which should be pleasurable.”
"And then, you chose to dance with everyone else except me.
Or as Sam would lament on every occasion; if you keep believing that love wouldn’t find you, maybe it never will come knocking at all.
He never believed that he deserved Cas.
"With so much going on yesterday," Dean said, suddenly eager to discover the news, "going into the village then the party after. Didn’t get time to check the news."
was the icing to the cake.
Shaking his head, the younger man decided that he needed to try as hard as he could. "I…" he croaked before swallowing hard and chest heaving, he inhaled deeply. "I—"
Sauntering over with a contented look upon her face, Claire grabbed the cutlery and began to lazily set the table.
“The King!”
“Jesus, Dean,” Castiel stared back in shock as the Prince snorted. “Why on earth would you?”
"Can we talk?"
Shaking his head, he suddenly squeaked when his right hand was snatched and Charlie pulled him towards the rear of the store. They rushed past aisles of lacy underwear and sporty bras, Hanes vests and boxers that he would have liked to stop and grab a pack if not for her yanking him away from everything. Then ducking through a heavy midnight blue curtain, she nodded at a very slim and lanky guy manning the desk and as he carefully assessed Dean, another nod was offered. From there, the two of them went down a short hallway and very soon was presented with shelves and bins of an assortment of items that Dean never cast his eyes on before.
“He’s smitten,” Charlie shrugged at Sam and smiled warmly. “Your brother is his drug and he’s hooked.”
“Forgive me but for the past weeks I have suffered through so much trauma, there are things that were buried under the rubble.”
“She said that gender don’t matter which was my first issue. You know, raised as a Catholic and all. And then if I could really accept Jody and Donna being happy together and turn a judgmental eye on two guys, then that ain’t exactly fair. In addition to that, Ellen reminded me that it wasn’t just
Dean sighed. There was a small wind chime with little colorful butterflies by the window. The sound as the wind caressed it was haunting. "I don't know, man. I'm just terrified that I wouldn't get it right. That I wouldn't do it right. All my life, I never really put much thought into proposing. I mean, back when I was with Lisa, it felt more like something that could happen but it wasn't a big deal. But with Cas…"
But Sam had remodeled the interior to resemble a much more modern lifestyle. Flat screen televisions, a lounge room with lazy boy chairs, an inside pool, a large kitchen made of marble and finely polished black equipment. It was one of the few luxuries Eileen reveled in whilst inhabiting the castle because she had grown fond of cooking. And even though she was ordered to bed, Eileen prepared a warm lunch for all three men consisting of minced pies, baked beans and honey glazed potato scoops.
As much as Cas tried to swim into Dean's mind, he was blocked. And because he was shut out, Cas felt that in that moment, maybe Dean had learned to lock him out. Maybe Dean had realized that Cas had been prying and he had mastered the art of boxing his thoughts up. He could have accomplished it easily; Dean. By simply willing it. By placing all the anger he probably felt into sealing his mind off.
"It's all he talks about. He also has a big cock."
Completely unexpected, Maybe he was right after all. There was an underlying issue here, something they both needed to tackle and quickly. Because Dean was flailing, his psyche screwed up totally. And the only way to ascertain what was really happening was to get underneath his brother's skin.
"You're not driving home in the dark through that awfully shadowed forest, Dean," Castiel didn't realize his voice was strained until his throat began to ache a little. "I cannot stand the thought of you trying to brave your way through the night, knowing that your eyes aren't entirely sharp in the dark. Your glasses are adequate, but not a great help in terms of night driving."
“Nice one. Considering that I don’t take it from behind,” completely enjoying Cas’ awed expression, she dipped her head at him. “Not that I have anything against that. But it’s good to know that Dean’s exploring. He loves blowjobs, and when you suck on his nipples…so I’ve heard—"
“Your hair has a personality of its own,” Dean tried to tame the wild strands but failed. “Did you get the sex hair from your mom or dad?”
“You’re pretty late,” Charlie peeped over the wall and beamed at him.
This wasn’t helping his current situation though!
on ice or dangerous paths. Don't place yourself in harm's way."
“It gets boring after a while,” she warned with a laugh. “So enjoy it for today. Sam, are you drunk?” Mary considered her youngest with nothing but mild fascination. “Whatever must I do with you? You’re such a lightweight. Excuse me, you two,” taking Sam by the arm, she tugged him away.
“Why, Cas?” Dean was puzzled.
After spending a considerable amount of time analyzing the probability of a match between his two best friends being of a high percentage, Dean came to the conclusion that the value was possibly the lowest. Therefore, after the two of them assessed each other by the coat rack, a clear understanding passed across the short distance that this was more than a casual visit.
“Dean, I’m so sorry!” When Castiel tugged his phone out of his blue sweater, green eyes latched onto it. “I didn’t listen to your voice note,” he confessed softly, “my brother found a snake nesting in the washroom and all hell broke loose. Afterwards I…spent a considerable amount of time consoling Hanna who was actually on her way in to use the washroom. And then we came right over and well…your father couldn’t stop talking about how thrilled he was to have you back here—”
originate from? He stopped smiling and stared back at the older man then swallowed hard, obviously trying to appear rather much composed than deeply affected.
"No, you are!" Sam scoffed again and stared back at his brother. "Cas, give it a go."
But he couldn’t relate this to Castiel; witnessing his older brother completely naked and well-endowed and obviously freshly awakened from the throes of passion.
"Don't…"
“Not in front of the people!” Castiel hissed, took Dean’s hand firmly and dragged him towards Ruby and the gang. “Behave yourself,” he warned, “before I make you pay in bed.”
“Dean…”
Dean and Cas acted as silent speculators, obviously impressed by the banter between the two. Yet beneath the table, Cas’ hand was trailing a pathway between Dean’s thighs…boldly. And Dean was thoroughly enjoying the feel of those sure fingers.
Something about the end of the war didn't rest well with Dean though, even after people kept coming back and a sense of normalcy returned like the aftermath of devastation. Chuck was dead by the hands of two entities who scalded and ripped him to pieces, along with their help and Jack of course. But it never felt right to Dean. Because none of them could ever understand what his sense of self meant, and when he gazed upon Charlie being reunited with her girlfriend, he excused himself to shake the tears away in solitude.
"So I'm not supposed to take care of you now, is that what you're asking? Castiel reached up and dabbed at his tears but Dean quickly took those gloved fingers and squeezed them. "I'm not supposed to care or protect you? I can't refrain myself from doing that because it's all I've ever known how to do. I've always done it. And I can't stop doing it."
"Dunno," the younger man couldn't stop laughing at Castiel's attempts to appear quite composed whilst returning to the Halls section and fixing up the sign where it was initially. "How about we head outside and I can check that out for you? The back of my car maybe?"
“I can recall my time spent at community college,” Cas said, still standing and about to make a rather bold move. “There weren’t enough hours in a day. Can I sit here,” he gestured at the same bench Dean occupied instead of the one on the opposite side of the table. “Or would that be too forward of me—”
"Now?" sitting up, the younger man studied the scatter of crayons and quickly tugged a marker away from the baby's hand that was creating random dots on the carpet. "Babysitting. Also about a hundred pages into the Goblet of Fire. What are you up to?"
"Or, are you French? Because Eiffel for you." Sam loved that Cas' smile was returning. "Or when he got slapped after asking if a girl if she's new in town because he needed directions to her place. That one was sick."
It seemed as if there were close to 5000 guests traversing the room and many others coming in. And he wondered how long the tradition to upkeep the hosting of balls would survive as the world changed. Because the fashions were different. But everything else remained the same.
end up a couple, then we'd have to do what it took to make them become one. So it wasn't an
“You cannot leave me like this. It’s rather uncomfortable when I—” Castiel gasped and his knees buckled when Dean firmly yanked his cock through fingers that were already developing its own kind of expertise. And if it wasn’t for the instant wrapping of his arm around the younger man’s waist, then the two of them would have tumbled to the tiled floors.
Dean laughed. He helped himself to more beer. "You're not so bad looking yourself. I remember when you walked into that barn when we first met. God, you knocked all the senses out of me." His pasty complexion was slowly fading away. Now, there was a dust of color upon Dean's cheeks. "Now, I can't stop thinking how you gorgeous you are. You're the kind of sexy that is supposed to be illegal."
So Castiel wasn’t being tortured a day longer but was somewhere below them recovering from Dean’s worst decision. It wasn’t so bad because he felt relieved knowing that the angel wasn’t suffering anymore. But the real torture still resided inside of his chest and Rowena latched onto that feeling without holding back.
and they were just calming down at that point.
The other man sighed. “You have a point.”
"Do you think that I would even sympathize with anything you have to say?" Cas' chest was bubbling from anger, "after the fact that you tried to kill the Winchesters and placed hundreds of humans' lives in danger?"
Lee though…
How was he familiar with such a product?
"I…" Cas was seriously stuck. However, he swallowed hard. "Dean, I haven't been able to read your mind since I fell and became human. Then even when my grace was restored, I had already lost that connection with you." What was registered on Dean's face was complete horror. "I can only hear prayers."
"No," Dean laughed nervously, swinging his arms to and fro. Still though, he avoided Cas' eyes. "And I haven't left you. I'm right here with you."
“You’ve been looking after everyone but yourself for how long now, Dean?” he asked softly, leaning a hip onto the edge of his father’s desk, one arm folded. “Don’t you think that it could be nice for someone to comfort and shelter you? Like me? Because I love you? I’m not doing this to take away anything. I just want to be there for you because I need to. And I know that we’ve just started off trying this out. I know that I’m the one who broke the ice but at least give me that opportunity to prove to you that someone can actually care.” He waited a few seconds and when the sound of Dean sniffing drifted through the phone, a tear leaked from Castiel’s eye. “They’re all jerks, Dean. Every single one of them and you shouldn’t expect better because they all have a tanker truck of hormones only focused on sex and nothing else. Come over,” he said softly, cradling the phone against his ear as if he was somehow comforting Dean physically. “I need you.”
"Gee, thanks," Dean smiled stiffly and folding his arms, he sat back with a sigh. "I need your help."
Castiel sighed and considered the classroom door that opened to reveal Sam delivering a stack of papers to the teacher. She collected them and then he politely excused himself. “I didn’t want to say anything about it because I didn’t want to give power to it. If I said it then I’d feel like I had hope. Denying it was far too bearable than talking about it.”
“Actually, I dressed this way to impress you,” the older man pulled the flaps of his leather coat further away and then deliberately reached for the front of his jacket. Slowly unbuttoning that as well, the soft material very beautiful and tempting to touch, he pushed it aside to reveal a midnight blue shirt and after shifting his position on the chair, turning to face Dean, he settled into the same position the other man offered with a very suggestive look on his face. Legs splayed a little, one arm resting on the arm of the chair and turned slightly to suggest so much more intent in revealing whatever was clearly circling around his mind.
"Well it has its ups and downs," he sipped some tea and rested the cup lightly on the saucer. "I've always liked the part where I get to sit down and actually work on the article."
in a general sense of asking about his health. All of a sudden, people at work were concerned about his welfare, as if he was an exhibit on display that was completely ruined by a bad weather.
Dean stared back and blinked a few times before his intoxicated mind latched onto the meaning. “Shit, you’re hitting on me, aren’t you?”
"Well I'm not Amelia," Dean was wounded by the use of an ex-wife as a measuring stick when thus far, he felt like his performance as a partner exceeded her reputation. "I'm not a drug addict who stole your money, was pregnant with your kid and wasn't going to tell you about it. I've got my own standards that I set by looking up to you and I'll be damned if you even think that I'm going to wreck you like she did."
He wanted to go home but didn't know where that was anymore.
At my desk, I briefly closed my eyes and said a short prayer, asking God to remove all temptations from my polished life thus far. If He was listening to me during work hours, then he needed to understand my dilemma. This wasn’t just an emergency. This was a situation where the devil was taunting me to step into the gates of hell by using Dean Winchester as bait.
"We used to talk about those things," Dean admitted to himself out loud. "Then, after everything that's happened, I don't know what's going on between us since last night. It feels like we haven't said a few things as yet. And I guess time will tell but for now, I'm just glad that he's back."
"I don't fucking care."
“Can you try,” Cas said in the softest, most caring voice as he lightly ruffled Dean’s hair. “For me?”
"It's work."
“You wouldn’t dare,” Dean said softly and chuckled because he really wouldn’t mind accepting the trench coat at all but could never digest the actuality of losing his best friend for good.
"I have my quirks too, you know," firing up the engine, he sent her a wide grin and backed out of the parking lot.
"I just remembered…I have to…check on something," Dean said in a voice deeply affected by emotions. And after throwing one last glance at his brother, he turned on his heels and left.
Then there was Jody and her equally capable and feisty wife Donna who both, for a considerable amount of years after Dean’s birth, remained close to the Winchester family. Never lacking in entertainment, the pair always brought an abundance of joy during their visits and for a long time because of Jody growing up with Mary and John as family, she was like his own flesh and blood.
"Considering what?" Sam pretended to be oblivious to the fact that he had witnessed the tears and was quite aware of trouble in paradise. "You
The meeting of eyes. The longing to kiss each other again. And again. Dean kept breathing into the other man's lips with their eyes connected and a wild kind of fascination entered green ones. The kind of look that signaled a crackle of fireworks. The opening up of his imagination and his thirst to go in again for another kiss and this time, he kissed Cas until the other man was breathless. Tasting Cas' lips like honey and ginger and everything else that kept Dean alive. Feeling how soft those lips were.
"I actually had two," Castiel shrugged. "Without regret. I intend to go back again soon. Before I leave."
“Cas, I’m shaking and nervous and I don’t know why,” he tried to savor the glorious water calming his pores and stared at Castiel who offered him a softened look. “It’s not that I don’t trust you. It’s just that I don’t trust myself. Not really. If I get in there with you, I’m not going to be able to focus.”
But Dean didn't seem to understand the harsh reality that awakened Castiel's mind because he held him tenderly still and just after their eyes locked an intense gaze, the Prince pressed a chaste kiss onto the other man's forehead.
“Hey, man. We’re leaving after you’re done. You want help in there or you can make it on your own?”
"After Dean gets up, we can talk to the other victim's family."
"Of course, I do, Dean," Cas rubbed their noses together and smiled. "Now let's go grab that beer."
“Says the woman who humped a tree yesterday after watching a dashing farmer ride by on a stallion.”
“Why?” collecting the red lace curtains between two fingers, Castiel played with the edges, hanging onto every word and every breath that was delivered through the phone. “You can’t let your friends see you talking to a weirdo like me, right?”
Castiel’s cheeks turned crimson. “Shut up,” he said, picking up a pillow and throwing it, “I wouldn’t say anything else about it. Except that I like what I’ve seen. Very, very much.”
Castiel laughed deeply and nodded as if agreeing with the words printed on the magazine. “Accurate for the first time?”
Dean didn’t realize that two pairs of eyes were resting on him until he noticed the silence and stopped shoveling. “Me?” he stared back at the older man and frowned. “Why me? Come on, man.”
“That’s not hate, Cas,” Ruby tossed him a helmet and hopped onto her bike. He climbed on behind her, staring and confused. “You’re just swimming in guilt. That’s Dean being totally shocked that you actually came back for him. Didn’t you hear what he said?”
The same description used by Annalise on a prior occasion that could possibly be the worst experience he ever entertained in his life.
"In the end…they were good films," Jess, who hardly spoke up, smiled and was determined to settle the conversation that followed with everyone nodding in agreement. "I just don't like television shows that become so ridiculous that they're still running on television just because."
“Naw, things will start looking up once Ruby gets through with that promotion into HR and then they’ll give you the Exec Assist job. No biggie,” reaching for her red Armani leather bag, she slipped the strap onto a shoulder and turned off the monitor, gazing at me who by the way, felt as down spirited as ever by that point. “Don’t worry, Cassie Cas, I came on as an intern too and they used to pile all the work onto me for a couple of months. But as soon as you prove to them that the workload doesn’t affect you, they start moving away. I think it’s because they hate Ruby, that’s why you’re getting all the shit recently. To get to her, they go through you.”
"I've broken you. You yourself have said it countless times. I don't see a reason why I should continue hurting you because nothing I do seems to be enough for you. If I was enough then you wouldn't wound me with your words as quickly as you did before. I thought we were happy, Dean. I don't want you to move on but it seems as if that's the path you will take because –"
“My dad may never accept that I am gay, but my mother does. And I have friends.”
You were there during the aftermath. You saw how Dean suffered through a heartbreak as obvious as anyone else could pick up. Binging on food like the goddamn world had just suffered through a famine. Walking around like a zombie everyday in pjs. Sleeping long hours and locking himself in his room. And worst of all, and I’m not going to hold back on admitting this, Dean cried himself to sleep every damn night and I could hear it through the walls.
Cas probably had other motives, like squeezing the truth about that day’s events out of him, but Dean remembered that he couldn’t get away from expelling anything. Eventually they would have to talk about it. They would have to talk about a lot of things. And if he couldn’t stop moping around, then everything would just get worst.
“It’s not that,” her tone grew softer and it was a tone that only resurrected when she was deeply affected by emotions. “Cas, Meg and I kissed.”
nervous about going all the way with Cas. I'm just going to come right out and say it because I know that you wouldn't be judgy."
Sinking onto the window seat, Castiel couldn’t help but relive every single minute he shared with Dean in bed. The waves of pleasure, coming together over and over again, the wide gaze of green and Dean’s parted lips that trembled just as his body kept awakening. And then the echo of his name, cried out continuously…
Gulping down an answer, Dean nodded and tried to take measured breaths. He couldn’t quite fathom the weight of the other man’s every word like a hammer hitting on his heart.
care and—”
"It's me, isn't it? It's my age. I'm too young for you."
"Yeah but Cas," Dean couldn't clear his head, "I don't know if he would want to go though."
"You look great, dad."
“Get…out,” Castiel demanded, scowling deeply but thoroughly missing Zachariah’s assistant’s humor.
For a long time, Castiel segregated himself within his mind whilst Meg led conversations with other people. He stood there in a stiff disposition, quite present but distant, clutching a fluke of champagne, downing it slowly and reaching for another. Then another.
high as a kite and Ellen needs to be doused in alcohol to keep seeing the good in Bobby," Sam supplied whilst sipping on some brandy that warmed his soul after coming in from the winter outside. "Ah, Dick and Jane have arrived," he raised his glass at Jody and Donna coming down the hall and shrugging off their coats. "You know," Sam whispered into his wife's ear, "I bet the two of them are very much into role play. Hands up where I can see them!"
Four feet between them became less than twelve inches and when Dean lightly took a hold of his right shoulder, Castiel sighed. And when he did, Dean's immediate response was to remove his touch like a burst of electricity had been transmitted between them.
There was no way that the kind of pain he felt was absolutely normal.
Charlie rested her head onto Dean’s right shoulder and sighed. “Didn’t you like…pick up something though? I mean, there must have been something that made you think…hey, maybe he’s into me…”
Instead, the passion that consumed him was far too evident from his clenched hands that slowly unfurled perfect, graceful fingers and the absolute look of…what was it? Dean studied the older man’s face and instantly determined that there was a deep longing to push further and unfold him like a flower, because after loving someone for so many years, after Castiel finally managed to capture what he wanted, there was a dying need to explore so much more.
"Is that what he is?" Castiel stared in awe at his brother, holding the stem of the glass between two fingers. "I thought he was a Martian."
Dean’s chest shook from soft laughter. “You should ask, if
"Welcome back, huggy bear," Dean smiled warmly at him when their eyes connected. He also wanted to prevent his brother from bringing up any kind of embarrassing conversations they had engaged in.
He decided to relocate the gym to the third floor because of the lack of proper ventilation provided on the lower levels of the castle. But it wasn’t an easy fete since every single piece of equipment needed to be manually carried up the winding staircases and down hallways by men who didn’t complain because of the abundance of wages promised. Then after the space was cleared downstairs, the next plan was to remodel the bottom flat into extended living quarters for the staff that he always held close to his heart.
He buried his face into shaking hands and sobbed without a care in the world if anyone discovered his weakness at that point.
“Cas,” Dean closed the distance and captured the other man’s face between his palms. A tear leaked down his cheek. “I don’t want you to get tired of me being a roller coaster ride.”
Sam and Eileen’s baby daughter was born twenty four hours after she slipped into labor, on a warm and sunny morning that came after the thunderstorm.
“In ten minutes, kitten. Relax.”
”, the younger man mocked but after Castiel nudged him out into the drizzle, Dean’s scowl deepened because he was very frustrated. “I’m going to get you back one of these days. You wait and see.” He returned to sheltering under the umbrella and batted away droplets from the dark red long-sleeved shirt. “I’ll make you pay for harassing me all these years.”
"She's not Eileen."
"But the deal…he said he's gone forever—"
They were in a bar called
Cass legit looked at me like I caught him in the act of doing something horrible like hoarding peanut butter in his trench coat.
This time, although he wanted to shout, to scream and to fire back words, Dean remained silent because he was completely drained. He had reached a point where he couldn't throw blows. Where he couldn't deliver hate or pain anymore because he was the embodiment of those two words. He hated himself and he was in pain because he had traversed a dark place in his mind days on end longing for the one man who had decided to stay away from him.
Mary was nothing but the warmest smiles and perfectly glowing as she selected her brother in the front row and nestled beside him in immediate warm laughter. She was dressed in yellow and as radiant as a ball of sunshine.
"Wait, you forgot what I looked like before you left? Already? What the hell will three days do to you?"
Cas, on the other hand, raised his eyebrows and felt the softest flutter inside his chest. Dean had turned the opportunity down in the most gentlemanlike way ever. And this alone wrapped Cas inside a warm blanket, knowing that he had fallen in love with a very kind man who would go out of his way to match a pretty woman up with a friend of his.
If Sam was so convinced that they were the perfect match, then there must be substantial input to arrive at such a conclusion. With a vast amount of interactions over the years, stemming from the young age of five when he decided that reading was the best pleasure, Castiel always proved his worth. Whether it was in the simplicity of always asking after Dean’s health or the constant bickering between the two; Sam evidently developed a belief that Dean could be more inclined to the older man than just friends.
"Should we stop?"
“If you’re referring to us,” he didn’t care that they weren’t alone, “you are a priority.”
“No,” Cas could hear the pain between Dean’s words. “Because you were clearly in love with me and couldn’t accept it.”
“Look, if the two of you need some time alone, then just go find a room,” Sam teased, collecting his cup of coffee and taking a sip.
“Twenty-five years, Cas. Just five years short from us.”
Dean, after becoming relieved that the emergency to him was not of a dangerous nature, settled down his nerves and sighed. He had an abundance of file pages upstairs in his bedroom, but judging from the sheets that the older man moved through whilst handling people’s finances, he was far too certain that a generous amount was needed. And it was really ridiculous that Castiel refused to utilize a software to complete his accounts, but rather he chose to draw lines and tables and populate them with words like assets and loans and terms that Dean was familiar with but never dabbled in.
Green, mischievous eyes latched onto blue ocean ones and Dean was too determined to forgo the opportunity of teasing. “You’re like a miserable old man sometimes, you know that? I forget that you haven’t hit fifty as yet.”
“Of course not,” Castiel’s tone was strained from never really wanting to deliver that kind of impression.
Eventually, the sound of his raspy breathing filled the space between them and Sam just circled his arms around his brother and held him close. Immediately, Dean let go of all the suffering he had endured for a week. He cried in his brother's arms almost as if his soul had been threatening to burst like a dam for days. And Sam just consoled him. He wrapped his arms tighter around Dean and cried a little with him.
But it was never that easy, was it?
Castiel's eyes clouded with tears. No, please don't make those assumptions. He bit his lips gingerly, forcing himself to focus. To not collapse. "Dean…"
“I didn’t call…quits on us, Sam,” Cas blinked through tears. “There are only a few things that could possibly make me walk away from Dean and I don’t ever believe that he would commit those things. So I can’t quit that easily.”
“More like a mushy John Wick right now.”
guy who would take you out and show you off, who is so damn proud that you're mine. I'm the guy," Dean's face contorted as he gave in to tears when their eyes met, "who loves you more than he loves himself because when I love you…when I feel myself loving you, every single part of me, I feel damn good about myself. And if you keep doubting that, if you keep thinking that I'm not going to spend the rest of my life with you then I don't know what the rest of my life will look like without you in it."
When Dean’s eyes slowly fluttered close, Cas reached out and softly, he caressed the other man’s perfect features with cupped fingers. He seemed so peaceful after sleep captured him into its grasp. But then deep within him was a turmoil of emotions. Desire. Fear. Doubt. Anxiety. Depression. And maybe just maybe, the walls were slowly becoming flimsy and he found that he could reach inside of Dean’s space and play his fingertips on the beauty of a man who honestly thought that he didn’t deserve to be loved.
Fingers raked up his back, then entered his hair and because Dean was very much awakened from what felt like a long slumber, he just couldn’t stop. He tilted Castiel’s neck sideways and tasted him, grazing his teeth all the way from the older man’s jawline to his right shoulder until he decided to claim him. He wanted to leave marks, to search for them afterwards and revel in the dominance. And biting down again and sucking, Dean unearthed a hoarse cry from Castiel who writhed under him until their cocks were rubbing together inside their pants. Even then though, it seemed as if love making was an art to be prolonged and learned because they slowly began to build up a rhythm, grinding their hips together slowly as Dean imagined that he was inside Castiel and riding him.
For the first time in a long time though, the kind of silence that rested in the bunker was an awkward one filled with so much discomfort. Then perhaps in Sam's mind, he was terribly relieved. Sharing his sentiments was Jody, followed by Donna seconds after because when they considered the angel's demeanor, how soft around the edges he was, and his face offering nothing but complete nervousness, they were certain of one thing.
Castiel stared back before his chest heaved. "This is me caring…
At first, Castiel wasn’t aware of the storm brewing in Dean’s mind, because all he could focus on what his mistakes, his downfalls, his feelings and the destruction from being rejected. If he pushed a little deeper though, because he was certainly capable of doing such a thing, then he would have seen the fear inside of those green eyes and understood it to mean so much more. There was also anxiousness and nervousness and perhaps a generous amount of self-doubt.
“Honestly,” the younger man scratched his forehead, head bent as those green eyes considered his socked feet and he smiled, “I kind of did a bit of cleaning. You know, fixing things around the place. Ellen does it often but I was just in the mood to
“Speaking of monsters, I’d like to see yours before you go,” Morales folded his arms.
"No. Not really."
The older man suddenly inhaled deeply as if gathering up a generous amount of composure and whilst their gaze deepened, he allowed the silence to be prolonged.
"Are you asking me out on a date, Dean?" Cas was holding his breath, fingers gripping the book in his hands tightly.
“Here they are,” Dean wound one of his around the other man’s right leg and tugged him in closer enough to sandwich their bodies together.
"Sure did," Jody said proudly. "Now, she's not going anywhere. But I'm not saying that you should jump into it because it's the only choice you have. Course you need to talk a lot more and try to lighten things between you two. And maybe it could be a dinner date, doing the things you two used to love doing together. Maybe it's sex. Who knows?" she shrugged and nudged his shoulder.
Dean sympathized with a nod and then he licked his lips before holding out the ball and realizing that Nadira's punches had turned into wrapping her small arms around the toy. "I get that, believe me I do. But it doesn't mean that you have to join in if you don't agree."
Forget what? “I’ve never taken whiskey. I’m not a fan of alcohol.”
so close that your eyes close as I fall asleep."
“And fine. I get that you think that you don’t need it. But how the hell will you know what it feels like if you don’t even give someone a chance, huh? Like me for instance? I saw the way you looked at me when I touched your face in the car earlier. It was like you felt it for the first time…just cause someone never did it to you before. And
"Dean!" Sam's incredulous look met mischievous green eyes which returned to the road after the two of them tormented each other like old times.
"Now you've just ruined it, man," Sam grimaced and turned to glare at the fire whilst Jess, Dean and Castiel laughed heartily. "You!" he suddenly pointed at his brother with a scowl, "dive under the tree and open those gifts with your names on them or else I'll claim all."
They were suddenly sealed away inside a very secretive booth, cushioned on the window seat and with a breathtaking view of the moor that was blurred by the snow drifting down and the darkened sky. With the unbelievable feeling of privacy and romance and intimacy allowed, Dean's chest heaved and so did Castiel's and after reaching out, the former carded his fingers through dark hair and he pulled the older man in.
“And then some,” she threw him a glance, “hell, the maid complained the other day that she doesn’t have much to do ‘round here anymore. Dean’s been baking, cooking, cleaning, plus he’s picked up the guitar again and his room’s never been so tidy.”
The path his mind took simply stunned Dean until he was fighting to brush away the new feelings of expectation rather than evasion.
"Ride up front with me," Dean said as he loaded the bags in the trunk.
Now when Dean did manage to check his messages whilst in the downstairs toilet, he pulled down the seat and sought out the comfort of the soft brown covering that his father favored. And after highlighting four unread and a voice note, he smiled and blushed so deeply that his neck and face grew warmer.
The alleyway was clean. Unlike the ones in New York. So far, Castiel had developed a general assumption that the Brits could slip off their shoes and walk bare feet if they so desired. And maybe the Queen had funded more than enough to keep the city clean. Or maybe Brits were far more conscious of their surroundings than New Yorkers.
Breathless, his heart racing and knees weakening, Dean stopped when they were inches apart. “Don’t I know you? From somewhere? Have we met? I mean…you look so…”
The words wounded him a little but he braved through it. “Cool, well…since I called at a bad time, obviously,” the younger man forced himself to laugh and seem lighthearted, “I’m going to go, catch some shut eye, try not to miss you…”
“Why the hell did you even start this in the first place?”
Dean, on the other hand, met Lisa Braeden in his early twenties, fell in love somewhat more heavily on her side and the two of them entered into a committed relationship for a span of twenty years exact. Now, there was anything but happiness in this union, because whilst they both fell out of love based on their differences, they remained together for the sake of continuing what was already a foundation, flimsy, but already established.
By the time they rolled into Jody's driveway, Dean was completely drained from the playlist that he turned off the ignition and sat there staring into space. Cas studied his demeanor silently. He gathered his coat around him and sat up, fearing the worst criticism ever from his mixtape. But Dean wasn't entirely dissatisfied. No. Instead, he slowly released the steering wheel and inched his right hand closer to the angel's fingers resting on the seat between them. And when Cas returned the gesture of holding his hand so lovingly, Dean's chest trembled from a shaky sigh.
"You just might win me over," Castiel's words were so close, his breath kissing Dean's parted lips. "I think you're magical too."
I huffed out a sigh, locked my mobile and slipped it into the side pocket of my black hoodie. So much for casual reading during lunch that only gave me indigestion. None of this was my concern because he didn’t like me at all. Apparently, everything I had done so far was crippling enough to bring out his arrogance and hatred towards me. And I returned to the conversation and was just in time to catch Charlie’s details about Dorothy’s birthday party plans.
With his back to the older Winchester, the angel who had little power left inside of him, mixed the batter slowly. "Hmm?" he responded, avoiding eye contact.
“Money is just fucking paper, Cas,” Dean’s sudden decision to attempt a nickname was something that unnerved me in a very satisfying way.
“I’m not attracted to Jo,” Castiel’s expression remained unreadable as always. “We ran into each other in town and decided to have dinner to discuss her financial problems.
"You mean the one year I tried out secondary school. It was so long ago though. We were sixteen and smitten," Dean's fingers played on the white railing as he went upwards before Cas. "She's been married for five years now and has a son. We haven't spoken in years."
He was so close to Dean, the hunter's body sparked up with tiny bursts of pleasure. So they were going there. Well, the most he could do was welcome the conversation without holding his breath too much.
The other man smiled a little.
“Wait, what?” Dean’s eyes widened. He dropped the fork into the bowl and was filled with confusion that felt like cotton balls stuffed inside of his chest. Studying Castiel’s face, he detected a slightly downcast countenance. “What do you mean if I choose
WARNING: mention of suicidal thoughts.
Dean couldn’t conceal anything from Charlie’s wandering eyes though, and after he lapsed on leaving his photo book peeking out from the under the pillow, she pulled it out. Snorting from the simple decoration of the cover remaining as plain as ever with Dean’s name scrawled in front, the rest of the pages proved to contain too much evidence.
It was then that Dean discovered how nightmares could fuel paranoia because he immediately believed that the man he loved was possibly snatched by the old woman. Until the general sense of being ridiculously childish washed over him and he smiled, laughed a little when Sister Francis was seen hovering by an open doorway. Castiel happened to be surrounded by a group of dancing children and already he was lending a helping hand by distributing snacks on a red plastic tray.
“I heard that the two of you did over their room all by yourself,” Mala was impressed.
"Cas…"
“Yup,” Sam shrugged.
“Dean, your secretary is right outside.”
The string of words didn't go unnoticed as eyes as blue as the ocean during a sunrise captured emerald ones. "Nothing compares to you," Cas said softly, lifting cupped fingers to gently caress the hunter's jawline. "When I look at you, I see the most beautiful thing that could ever exist in this chaotic world."
The feeling was so…surreal. It was like his entire body was suddenly awake. His pores were excited and there were little bolts of nerves like eels swirling around his midsection. And although Dean tried to calm himself down, he couldn’t because Cas was breathing slowly into the crook of his shoulder. His warm breath was tormenting and pleasing enough to force Dean to swallow down his excitement.
Castiel blinked at Sam after the younger man winked in his direction and he slowly sipped his beer whilst maintaining eye contact.
“I will deal with you later,” Ellen hissed through a smile as the older man offered his arm. She took it, nodded graciously at him and the two of them followed the path leading towards the trees and into the Winchester estate.
He didn’t believe that he could stomach the match if it happened for various reasons too selfish to voice to anyone. First was the guilt of becoming too familiar with Castiel’s lack of attention towards anyone else except him and Dean highly favored that bond. In Ellen’s case, when she married, her attention swayed from absolutely doting on him to showering her husband with that love. And he couldn’t lose someone else’s affections, especially Castiel.
Dean shook his head and bit his lips gingerly as he studied the older man outside caressing his friend’s face tenderly like two lovers finally finding each other again. “I get it. Wish I was there for him in the way he wanted me to. Can’t imagine how hard it must have been for him after being pushed away like that. I mean, I’m glad that I have supportive family but Benny was raised rough. He could do all the drugs and the booze easily but to commit to another guy? I think his dad would have beat the shit out of him if he only found out. His folks are dead now though. Guess he still has his sister in the mountains. Thing is,” Dean turned to Castiel and flattened his palms upon the older man’s cheeks, “family makes the world of difference and it doesn’t end in blood.”
"Come on, Winchester," he tried to discipline himself foolishly.
All thoughts of sex were erased when Dean stepped into the small cottage after Charlie and the interior greeted him like the death of a loved one. In all manner of speaking, there couldn't be anything more hurtful than to experience the kind of homes people built to accommodate their families which were very satisfying to them but for someone like Dean…
He obviously could not delay the truth and despite his mind protesting that it wasn't the right time, could possibly be too sooner than anticipated, Dean braced himself and nodded. "Uh," he swallowed and then chewed on his lower lip whilst the nervousness overwhelmed him instantly, "so…I was thinking, and it's totally okay if you don't want to. But maybe we could…" No. Don't do it, he thought. Don't highlight what may seem as very much forward and a hasty suggestion for them to spend their nights in each other's beds.
"I…love…you."
Dean sighed. "Because since he raised me from hell, he's always
She held him for a long time afterwards.
Tears of joy and bliss and everything else there was to imagine. And his body was softening. His nerves were alive and dancing and those butterflies in Cas' chest were replaced with a warm fire that grew and grew. Until he couldn't ignore how Dean was taking full control. How Dean was working up the pace and sucking skillfully and using his hands. Wrapping those fingers like a pro around Cas' cock and thoroughly enjoying every second of it. And then, when Cas came hard, his body convulsing when he grunted from release, Dean swallowed every single time. The room was filled with the musical sounds of the angel crying out hoarsely, of his breath intermingled with his moans and all the while, Dean held onto him with their fingers entwined.
"I'm going to take a shower," Dean said in a wary tone, collecting his towel and toothbrush from his duffel bag. "Maybe a hot shower will make me feel like I'm alive and not a walking dead." And even before Cas could provide an answer, the headed towards the adjoining bathroom and closed the door.
happened."
"Douche, I know. Okay, fine. After we're done here, I'll get him flowers—"
“Fuck my paper,” Castiel danced their lips closer and tasted the warm air settling between them. “I’ll get an A anyway. I want you, Dean. I want to know what it’s like to kiss you because I hate dreaming about it for over two years now.”
"You need to stop second guessing my loyalty to you and Sam," Cas retorted in a cold manner. "I am simply trying to help you face reality here. That defeating Chuck would be murderous. Amara barely managed to weaken him, and she is far more powerful than we will ever be. Do you really think that we could even bring him down?"
Whatever was passing through his mind though, was a bit of a mystery to the younger man who immediately moved to introductions. “Cas, uh, this is Lee Webb. One of my school friends from back in the days. Lee, this is…” it was on the tip of his tongue, and very much warm enough to reveal, “…Castiel, my significant other…”
Within a minute though, Dean passed out and all he could remember hearing was the humming of the engine. And the feel of Cas' breath on his face. Warm. So warm and his hands were so damn soft against Dean's cheek that was wet.
They took a taxi and by the time Northampton Castle loomed in the distance, Castiel was consumed from a rush of nerves.
"His eyes are beautiful," he said softly, trying to blink away the memory. "He kept looking at me, asking me questions like he really wanted to have a conversation with me but I was so uneasy about it because I kept, I don't know," Dean shrugged, "remembering how he said that he didn't want me in his life."
(See the end of the chapter for
"At least you wouldn't have to push one of
The next morning, after Cas ate his breakfast, the doorbell rang. He got up and went to the door, with a book in one hand and he opened the door.
“That’s not true,” Castiel shyly considered Dean who smiled back with teeth.
“Babe, you have idea how much I want you,” Dean’s head swum as he tried to steady his hands whilst eating. “But you should fuel up.” Jerking his chin at Castiel’s plate, he smiled. “Don’t want you fainting on me after I start kissing you.”
"Because
He was also so warm and firm against me, his fingers fitted so perfectly between mine and I couldn’t understand this. If we weren’t meant to be something then why was this happening to me? Was this God’s way of testing my faith in him? Even though I went to church every single Sunday and placed all my trust in this powerful natural force. Was this some way of putting me through a trial that would break me? Because when I prayed and asked for someone who would complement me, love me and stick to my side for a long time, I didn’t expect
“Combing the doll’s hair, putting on a bit of blush and lipstick and most of all!” Sam batted away his brother’s hands whilst grinning at Castiel, “he dresses them in matching outfits and shoes. Goddamn it! Don’t touch my hair!” Sam ducked away and held up his hands as if forming a shield over his luscious locks.
And Dean noticed immediately. He studied the other man’s disposition. “No, she’s not. By the way, my Spanish sucks. I never took the classes and although she tried to teach me, I only know a few phrases like…te amo, Cas.”
It was funny though, because Castiel never noticed the cherry wood piano sitting in the corner until Mary remarked on the absence of music and she boldly asked Castiel if he could play.
“Have I actually rendered Dean Winchester speechless?” Castiel stared back, absolutely impressed by the silence. “The young man who is always quick to offer a comeback.”
All the way to lunch, I sat there in silence wondering what I had done. This was absurd! To think that two persons’ jobs were on the line because of me. I could have just dealt with the matter myself by going straight to Ellen and advising that our conversation remain confidential. But no. Sure, I was relaxed of subscriptions and mostly focused on editing meeting minutes consisting of five pages. But what was witnessed earlier? That kind of anger and wrath? It wasn’t the Dean Winchester I had seen on Friday night!
“Yes, I’m quite aware,” Castiel’s hushed tone forced the younger man to turn around and after he did, those green eyes wandered to blue ones shifting away uncomfortably. “Dean, I’m rather anxious about this meeting. Can you distract me?”
Cas immediately noticed that Dean was slumping against the wall, almost as if he had been drugged. Those emerald eyes gazed back into blue ones…dazed and filled with tears. Dean was ashamed. He was feeling entirely ashamed of what had happened, the state he was in and Cas feared that the shifter had taken something much more personal from him. Something intimate. Something that Dean was struggling to come to terms with. And when Cas suddenly felt the pain rise up inside of him as anger clouded his judgment, he acted impulsively, just as Sam had feared.
“Chances are though, that you’re going to leave after your internship ends,” he decided for me, sipping on his coffee whilst I sucked my straw and was drowning in thoughts of my own. “You’re not sticking around to work for an asshole like me.”
"Yeah, yeah. I know, I'm always the one who's too turned on."
“It’s not. The original is called Chatsworth House, located in Derbyshire. Dean built his castle to resemble Chatsworth because of how much he adores Austen.”
“You go first,” Dean said, his voice light. He stopped eating and waited.
Swallowing hard, his green eyes still registering a new kind of curiosity and awe at the same time, he complied. He slowly bent down, collected the keys and folded them into his palm. Then lifting his stare to meet mine that were filled with doubts, Dean closed the distance between us with tentative steps like if he was suddenly afraid of me. I could have determined that much by the look of utter disbelief on his face that still showed clear as ever. After what I had done? After what he started? The two of us had fucked up big time and broken a barrier that spilled out a bunch of insecurities.
Deciding that the dishes needed to be returned downstairs, Castiel left and was absent for half an hour due to John inquiring after the possibility of obtaining a loan to renovate the workshop. In the meantime, Dean burrowed into the sheets and after completing the process of setting up his friend’s phone, he purposely changed the wallpaper to something that would satisfy himself more than the older man; the selfie the two of them took inside the Impala.
Dean plucked white fur from his purple and black plaid shirt and immediately decided that the culprit was Castiel’s cat Duchess. “He cares enough to be paying for your tuition,” he said softly, “the least you can do is respect him for that.”
"Are you happy at least?" Sam asked with hope in his eyes.
"Dean—"
So, when Jack and Sam left the car and headed into the room, the taller Winchester throwing a sheepish look over his shoulder, Dean got out. He went around to the back, popped the trunk and began pawing through his duffel bag. Cas pushed his door open, and stepped into the cool of the night with a heavy heart. Nothing was wrong, he told himself. Nothing could be wrong between them because for the past few weeks, everything had been so blissful.
"Huggy bear," Dean said softly, pressing his fingers into warmth and comfort on smooth leather again and again. "it's going to be okay."
“Guy or girl? Anyway, it doesn’t matter,” Michael nodded. “Look, just be careful and call me the minute you feel like something’s not right, okay?”
“The plan is too great to be given to you, Dean. Had we divulged all of it, then you and your brother would find some way to screw it up along the way. Just as you always do.”
Castiel give him his all, every single emotion he emptied into their kiss and although his mind was growing so dizzy, and they were barely pulling apart to breath a little, he didn’t stop.
"Go on, open them," Castiel urged, standing up and slipping off his red sweater printed with green Christmas trees, tugging at one sleeve then the next and moving to his closet. "And stop staring at me."
From the moment his brother touched down though, the entire conversation erupted into a fit of giggles after he boldly admitted that Jess preferred a mown lawn to land her helicopter. She wished not to part the sea in order to find land and neither did she prefer to brush the plants aside to find flowers. Ellen laughed so hard, that the three older men lingering by the fireplace considered the party with widened, humored eyes. And when Dean in the midst of losing his breath from joining in suddenly locked eyes with Castiel, he decided that enough was enough and displaying his lack of sensitivity to their earlier disagreement was necessary.
“To him, you aren’t.” She became so competitive all of a sudden, that she cheated with two tries and he allowed her because the game was merely supposed to be fun and distracting. “You’ve always been his favorite person. What else happened apart from that though?”
Dean, of course, stared back and blinked in surprise. “Uh, I don’t. Why?”
"You might be surprised how much I've changed," Claire countered. She pushed the articles out of the way and cleared her throat. "Look, all you need to decide is where you're going to do it, who you want as witnesses and I can get Cas there without him suspecting a thing. I mean, all I have to do is call him and tell him that I want to spend some time with him and he's all in. Doesn't matter where or when."
“I have no need to pry,” Mrs. Hatchett came closer and rested a neat stack of files upon his desk, offering a small smile. “But is it true that you were fortunate enough to snag the richest man in the world?”
“Dean,” Cas groaned, throwing his head back as the hunter sucked the soft, sensitive flesh between his neck and left shoulder. “Please.”
He sighed, downed a half glass of Johnnie and poured another. “Never used to, because my family’s back in L.A. But right now, I’m kind of glad I’m here. What about you, Cas? Where you from? Doesn’t seem like it’s here.”
ways.
"The Loft", Sam said into the phone after two rings, "come down Main, drive all the way until you see a funny looking bright yellow post office, and make a left. Then you'll see the bar. It's the only blue flat building with Baby parked out front."
"Again?" Castiel was impressed. "How many affairs have you had this year already?" He collected three glasses, the bottle and returned to the living room. It was his own space that was now invaded. Whiskers had retreated to his bedroom, possibly sleeping on the window seat.
Dean almost swallowed the gum he was chewing. “You wouldn’t,” he stared at her because there was no way to oppose the passion behind Jo’s intent.
The hug was comforting and yet electric and then Castiel realized the magnitude of how much Dean was sexually drawn to him. And when he felt how hard the other man was in his pants, how on fire he was, Castiel stiffened in his grasp.
His ex-wife?
Jess stopped propping Sam up and both of them tumbled onto their stomachs, whilst Charlie struggled to maintain her position and succeeded until Dorothy snorted and the entire game crumbled. Dean too immediately latched onto Castiel leaving the room in a haste and he stared because evidently something was wrong. And he was so skilled in deciphering the older man's temperaments that the bond between them tugged in a desperate plea for assistance. He then decided to give up the scoring and go after Castiel but Ellen rose up, winked at him and she took the lead.
"Yes?" the crackle of logs perhaps in the hearth somewhere within the mansion and then the sigh of a cushion as Castiel lowered himself onto it. "Talk to me, Dean."
Just because I was a guy, it seemed like he was reaching in the areas that couldn’t be termed as uncomfortable. Maybe he was testing me to determine my sexuality or something. I know that guys did that sort of thing, according to my brothers who were both gay and experienced enough to know. But why would he go out of his way to keep pushing these kinds of remarks in my face if none of it meant anything? Why would an older guy like him just decide that I needed to be tortured with the idea of his habits in bed?
.” Castiel pressed two fingers delicately on parted lips, his gaze pleading. “I need you to know, I
After I suddenly stopped, puzzled at first why my footsteps stalled, our eyes just met in the most incredible few seconds of my life. It was almost as if the loud sounds of the airport dulled and for some odd reason, a familiarity passed between us. But honestly? I couldn’t quite understand why. I mean, I was really good at recognizing people after meeting them and the undoubtedly hot mysterious man…I clearly hadn’t met him before that night so why did he seem so familiar?
12:58.
Oh no.
“Do you know what I dreamt of last night, Dean?” Castiel’s voice was hoarse, and he teased with his thumb until the other man was panting for air. “Of
The signs were there, so much evident than ever before; and maybe absence did make the heart grow fonder but he felt like he would have died from a heartbreak when Castiel was away in Canada. And maybe embracing the truth was harder for him to process, but it was there, floating around and ready to explode.
"I'd kiss the hell out of those lips in any state they're in. You wearing lip balm is sexy as fuck."
“Don’t you know it,” Dean said with a sigh, lowering himself onto the bench and signaling for a known face that was just waiting on them to get settled. “The thing about em is that no matter how much studying you put into it, nothing ever feels enough.”
mind. “You know, kissing and using tongue. Which I bet Dean’s done to you already. Second base is you feeling him up, him feeling you up…in other words, getting frisky.”
"I think that the problem has always been the distractions. Hunting. Lucifer. Michael. We've been saving people and you two have been ignoring the truth for years now. So it reached a point where you were going to explode whether you liked it or not. And it so happens that when the worst happened…mom being taken away from us, the situation presented itself," Sam sighed. "Had we been going about our lives like anyone else, minus the whole supernatural chaos, I think the two of you would have been able to resolve all of this a long time ago."
“Why? You seem like a romantic type…”
"Where the heck is the birthday boy, anyway?" Donna peered around, a wicked grin on her face. "Seems like he's hiding from his own party."
The green sweater, the exact shade of his eyes was so soft and smooth and beautiful, after Dean slipped it on, the material felt like a very warm embrace, almost as if Castiel was wrapping him in his arms. That was something that he craved so much, that every step Dean took down the stairs, bringing him closer to the older man, he could feel the difference between them.
“That was six hours ago,” Castiel’s eyes glistened with tears. “I’ve tried calling what? Twenty times so far and nothing. I…fuck! I feel helpless,” he pulled out of her embrace and stood up. “So damn helpless like I can’t even do anything to make him feel better because—” when his mobile started to chirp, Castiel’s heart leapt.
“You know, he’s just upset that I find your face more appealing than his,” Castiel confided in Charlie whilst John chuckled and sipped some water from a tall glass. “After all, you do possess the same green eyes as he does. One might ascertain that his sour mood could make me replace him with you.”
Sam waited a beat. He observed how Cas' eyes were stormy, reminiscent of a swirling static in the air that would only grow worst.
"I'm not pale," Dean said defensively, folding his arms and immediately regretting the decision to do so because his elbow jabbed into the older man's soft warmth even further.
," he said hoarsely, an inch of space between them at that point, "the one person I've worshipped and loved…you're telling me that I'm some kind of temporary fix—"
“Can you be more obvious?” he whispered, glancing at the washroom where the sound of the rushing water was still evident.
I shrugged and faked a smile that delivered enough humor, “I…agree with that actually. There are things you really don’t want to know about. Like for instance, who’s sleeping with who in the office and who steals food from the refrigerator. Also there’s a staples hoarder somewhere in Finance whose name I wouldn’t mention. And someone keeps loosening the screws on Kevin’s chair whenever he’s in the Marketing department.”
Dean thought he was in heaven suddenly, wishing for so much and tasting it. Cas was so special to him in ways he never really fully understood because here was this man who always cared about him… he even offered him employment as his private servant in his house, but because of Dean’s pride, he always refused. And he couldn’t refuse what he wanted in that moment, turning his head so that their eyes connected.
Now, as the two women departed the room and Castiel wandered out from the washroom smelling faintly of rosemary from Dean’s soap near the sink, he discovered just like before that the younger man was buried under the covers with a copy of Middlemarch completely obscuring his face. This time though, after considering the thick red sweater folded neatly at the foot of the bed and the comfortable pair of slacks, Castiel unbuttoned his shirt in the room and never diverted his eyes from Dean. Gradually, the younger man lowered the book out of curiosity and when he was presented with the finely sculpted torso and arms, he quickly blocked his vision again.
"You wouldn't believe what's going on out there," Dean slipped into the room almost as if he was an imposter in his own room. Eyes wide, he pressed the door close. "Sam," he unbuttoned his red and blue plaid shirt, still staring, "is out there, like totally making out with Mala on the kitchen table."
“Sam or I will prompt you, you ass,” Adam clapped his brother on the back playfully. “How could you forget your damn vows? If you do, just roll on and speak from the heart. Can’t be too hard to talk about why you love your
“All he needed was a shove.”
"Been there, done that," Matt said, cracking up everyone further. "You know what's weird though? She cut a circle on the crotch of the costume so the only thing not covered is my balls in bed. During winter, it's a bitch."
“Leave it to you to ramble on,” Dean sighed and glanced at the mountains behind the house because such energy reflecting on the other man’s handsome face was a little too much to entertain. It was like witnessing a bubbling fountain of Skittles with all that sugar and no promise of ever delivering anything but tremendous exertion. “Like I’ve been telling people and you know all too well, studying’s got me busy. What’s up with you?”
"Because…" Sam's tall form appeared by the doorway leading into the kitchen, "…Cas told me that he showed you his wings. And he refuses to show me. I don't like you anymore," he directed at the angel who beamed at him. "I've been studying angels for months now. I've only seen their wings on a freaking page. Like for once I'd like to see yours and you're my best friend, man. Why can't you show me them?"
“Good night,” Dean said softly. He pressed parted lips to those beautiful fingers and blew a kiss. “Sweet dreams. Of me.” And then he swiftly ascended the staircase, never looking back.
was wide awake because the tint on the sunglasses provided nothing but blackness whereas as opposed to gazing through them, Castiel was clearly able to detect the depth of the blue sky.
Direct orders from a garrison of angels many years ago that had fallen by his hands. But where had those orders arisen from if not from God himself? Why would God want him to save and protect Dean and follow through as his guardian angel and then weaken his grace? It didn't make sense. Chuck might have a terrible sense of humor but Castiel did not for a second believe that falling for Dean was orchestrated by his father.
Sometimes the pretty steamy ones encompassed nothing more than a guilty and undying need to be turned over to Castiel’s wrath. He would lie in bed writhing on the sheets with the purposeful belief that the angel was pinning him down. And the sad part was the realness of the dreams. Feeling Castiel on top of him and knowing that if he could just keep sinking into the depths of unconsciousness, then the pleasure prolonged into a small slice of bliss.
“Dean, don’t think,” Cas groaned, running his fingers through the other man’s spiky hair and forcing out a painful smile. “Just feel. Do exactly to me what you’d like me to do to you. Please, Dean. I’m so…” when the hunter gripped his shaft between his fingers firmly, Cas stopped breathing. But Dean had other plans.
What was he trying to say to me?
“Nah. I think you could make your point just fine,” Dean laughed, curling his fingers into the younger boy’s hair. “Just start hitting them with that brain of yours, using all the big words, and they’ll run away.”
Dean snorted, “that’s it. I like you even more now.”
Claire threw a glance at Dean. The two of them exchanged smiles and she fist bumped him. "Soon," she said to both of them. "And don't worry. Everything between Dean and I are sorted out."
God, he was shaking. Dean was so nervous and couldn’t even breathe properly. He couldn’t even knock at first because his hands were trembling. And he felt as if a panic attack was coming on, so naturally, the three steps that Rowena provided about twenty years ago kicked in.
with them as I do with you. When you touch me, I…" Dean's chest heaved uncontrollably whilst Castiel stared back at him, lips parted. "You could just look at me and I feel so damn mellow, I've never kissed someone and become so lost.
"He told me to give it to you," Sam said coldly. "I declined. Duh. And I told him to give it to you himself."
Charlie gasped. “What did you just say?”
And he was gone, leaving Castiel with one thought ringing over and over in his head.
"Just because you have feelings," Castiel said with a small smile, "it doesn't mean that something is wrong with you. Nor is something wrong with you expressing how you feel. Dean, above everyone else in your life, I'd like us to freely talk about things like that with each other. I want you to tell me everything. And by the way, I like the idea of marrying you. I like it a lot."
"Wait," Dean stared in disbelief at the road ahead, "rewind. The two of you looked at Road House? Without me?"
Cas leaned in closer and pressed a kiss onto Dean's flushed cheek. "Or else I'll replace where your hand was last night with my mouth and trust me, Dean, I've been dying to taste you down there for years now. So, you might need a week to recover."
Dean refused to talk to Cas no matter how hard the other man tried to comfort him and Sam…
It wasn't just a profound bond anymore, it was a unified agreement that they would spend the rest of their lives together, despite the challenges that may arise, the doubts, the little quirks that may unsettle them; they would persevere. And because Dean understood that he was being blessed from such a young age with an engagement to his best friend, he couldn’t have asked for anything better. He couldn't have thought of anything more beautiful than being in love with someone like his
a shitload of blankets, then I'd…" when the buckle of his belt was roughly collected between daring gloved fingers, he stopped, immediately, green eyes widening.
Held once a year as a way to upkeep the traditional etiquette of social mingling, the Royal Family always delivered with ice sculptures of fairies upturning pales that sprouted water. Of Cupid aiming his bow towards the ceiling that was white marble with vines painted gold running like veins. And the miraculous quantity of food and drinks.
"Just under the weather, I guess."
"Hey, Cas!" John called out from his chair near the fire, his feet covered in a patterned blanket that Mary stitched up so many years ago. "Bout damn time you showed your face."
“Dude, it’s a good haul,” Sam was still setting up. “Trust me, you wouldn’t regret it.”
Dean flipped on the light inside the kitchen and weakly helped himself to a cup of coffee that was lukewarm. All bets were off on him getting any shut eye, so why not fuel up on caffeine and ride the rest of the night out solo? Wallowing in guilt and shame and being completely and utterly love sick to the point where he literally felt weak in the damn knees now. Wondering if Sam would hand the letter over to Cas. Anticipating their reunion to Dean, was like facing the end of the world entirely frightened but knowing that it wouldn't hurt to die out like a flame.
He bit down on Dean's shoulder and lifting his hips just enough to grind them together, until he felt himself crying but was really in the moment of experiencing an out-of-body climax. It was addicting to anticipate it and then reach it so suddenly, feeling the ache inside his throat from his vocals being strained and still trying to say something.
Everyone stared at his remarkable complexion and lifted spirits. Alex commented on the fact that he was cleanly shaved and looked delicious even though he was an old man at forty-one. Claire on the other hand, seemed absolutely warmed by his appearance and after springing up from the chair, she rushed over, wrapped her arms around him and engulfed Dean in a tight hug.
“Come here,” Dean sheltered the man he loved into an embrace as he tried to block out the rest of the world from them. “I love you and we will get through this as we always do. But it will take time.” Castiel cried softly into his shoulder and the two of them swayed on the spot as Dean’s eyes glistened. “We’ll get through this, Cas.”
There were tears in those green eyes. “She never ever dealt with mental disorders, Cas. Darcy and Lizzie’s struggles were pride and prejudice. Knightley’s struggle was living with his feelings for Emma for years whilst watching her match everyone else but the two of them. Anne wanted a man she thought had stopped loving her. All of those struggles were pains that were solvable at the end of the books.”
"Since when?" She raised an eyebrow.
“You got a girlfriend back home or something?”
"I'm going to get those flowers now," Dean suddenly sprang up and sent Claire a look that only meant one thing. That Amy was bad news and he didn't like what he was witnessing. "Meet me in the car when you're ready."
"Of what exactly? Castiel offered a dull look.
"Been good," he said to Claire, choosing a seat on a two cushioned chair. When Cas decided to sit next to him though, Dean's green eyes sparkled a little and it was just enough for Claire to decide what was actually happening. "How have you been?"
"Dean, I felt like I had no choice –"
I hope you've enjoyed this one, guys. What started off as a ones shot ended up being four chapters. Cheers for your support.
"Does it hurt?" he braved to ask in a soft tone, fingers raking through dark hair still wet. Dean could feel how hot the older man was, tight and searing and pulsing deep down inside. "Tell me everything."
Dean turned the wheel and swung them onto the path leading through the trees before casting a judgmental look at the older man. "Listen, thank the heavens for the two pants along with boxers I had on or else my junk would have been very much
The castle was never traversed before at night by Castiel, so that when he was accompanied by one of the staff through the dimly lit corridors, the walls seemed to close down on him. And the sconces flickered greatly from the heavy gusts of wind through the opened windows.
"Dean, I heard you," Cas provided in wounded tone, "I thought that we trusted each other enough to discuss how we truly feel. But obviously you were holding back the truth from me. And the truth is that your physical needs are being strained considerably. We are a couple now. I would like you to trust me enough to talk about it so that I can help in any way I can."
open to toys?”
"You could have told me," Dean's eyes widened after realizing how he had screwed up. "I mean, sure I would have been totally shocked by the request but…I might not have…turned you down."
“You two okay?”
"Nonetheless, a man," Sam said, completely open and entirely amused by his brother's rebellious streak. Pissing off their father seemed to be Dean's life mission. "Who wears t-shirts with funny text on them, skin-tight jeans and his hair looks like he's just had the best sex ever. What if he's straight? What if he's one of those homophobic bastards? Those religious nuts?"
Dean laughed. He bit his lips and admired how flushed the other man’s skin had become. “You should see how you look right now.”
“My head’s killing me right now,” Dean said stubbornly, his voice cracking as he barely gestured at the small party gathered and stared at the older man's lips, “you’ve got good company—Sam, Hanna, dad…"
“Wait,” Dean frowned because learning about the Novaks was always something that piqued his interest, “Michael’s pansexual?”
There were first editions of most classics like Bronte, Dickens and Mark Twain. The Invisible Man, The Picture of Dorian Gray, Frankenstein, Middlemarch, Great Expectations, The Hobbit. Then there was a wide selection of horror from Stephen King and Dean Koontz just in the darkest corner that contained one of many comfy sofas with two pillows.
How dare he boldly request Castiel's number after creating such a stir in the media?
It wasn’t until he was led into the upper quarters of the estate when Dean realized that the third floor contained both brothers’ private spaces and as Castiel gestured to the winding staircase leading upwards, the younger man’s anxiousness awakened the butterflies all over again. The possibility of his teasing suggesting that they progress their intimacy and explore each other was something that gathered a ball of nervousness inside of his gut and because he was inexperienced but quite aware of what two men could accomplish in the bedroom, Dean’s head grew dizzy with every step that he took.
If he could be honest for just a few seconds, he would silently remark on the other man’s attire. The tie was lacking, a button undone and Dean’s eyes lingered there just long enough to recall Castiel's comment on his chest selfie.
"Dean, you have to say it because he needs to hear you say it," Sam said honestly. "Thinking something and then saying it are two completely different things. One has more power than the other. Suppose Cas hasn't been hearing you at all when you were talking to him? Suppose he was busy tuning into angel radio when your thoughts were running wild?"
Dean tilted his head and offered the same expression. "Aren't you? So far you're firing away and I don't mind, but just imagine if I did the same thing to you. Then you'd get angrier if I compared you to Jo or Lisa, which I could never do. Or Benny."
“Right. No strings attached then as you continue with your crappy, mundane life.”
"Can we talk first?" Dean's cheeks turned crimson as he sat at the table and felt completely like he was drowning in love. "Or at least…try to?"
Castiel chose the one further away from the door because of privacy concerns. And also because a stranger staring at his lovely gifted in length cock wasn't something he fancied at the moment.
“Numb like…cold? Without feeling?”
"I thought you wanted to have sex with me," Castiel smiled innocently whilst stirring his coffee.
"I don't want to lose you either, Dean," Cas tried…feeling his hands grow numb. His knees were so weak. He held onto the table and tried to control his breathing.
Cas suddenly felt as if he was standing in a bitter winter storm. “Three weeks?” his stunned expression was convincing enough to the other man. “Sam, I left the bunker hours ago. Then I met Chuck and we –”
He was so very much fucked.
"Castiel Novak, have you lost your goddamn mind?" Ellen literally sat back, kicked the basin away until it stopped with a loud clatter against the stone wall and legs spread open she stared back in awe. "Since when have you started seeing yourself like a stink in the gutter? That Amelia girl really did a number on you, didn't she? And Meg? That damn asshole who used you for your money? What was the other one's name again? Oh right," she nodded and pursed her lips, "Kelly, the
“Why?” He stared at her through the window. “It’s like returning to the scene of the crime!”
JANE AUSTEN,
Frowning, Dean recalled their last conversation that was bountiful of emotions and prolonged embraces and he nodded slowly after recalling the suspicion of someone or something pushing his friend away from Littleton. "Yeah, and you never really said anything much before hitting the road."
“Are you out of your damn mind?” by then, his astonishment was replaced with a sense of cold dread and absolute horror. “Have you had too much to drink or something?”
“Always amused by me. Did you have a fantastic day?”
The flower filled the distance between them and it was so sudden and so romantic, Castiel died inside from the honest gesture.
"Whatever it is that's happening between you and Cas, it'll pass over. Just hang in there."
"Dean," came that voice that may never be wiped away from his memory, no matter how long they were separated. "Can you hear me?"
“I can’t, Sam,” Castiel said, and the younger man realized that his friend was crying and of all the years he was familiar with him on a deep level, he never ever prepared himself for the sound of the older man sobbing. "Evidently he needs me."
"We do," Dean said softly.
Castiel’s gaze rested now on the houses across the river with the most beautiful architecture. “If you’re referring to the way you felt, then yes. I do remember. All of you, Dean.”
"Cas, you always wanted me to be perfect and I couldn't breathe sometimes. I couldn't stand it and I just did the things I did because I felt like I needed to prove a point to myself, that I could be reckless like Sam. But going back to Benny, he was
"Tell me what you're wearing," Castiel croaked.
“Shut up! SHUT UP!!” Kevin suddenly sprang up from his desk, tugged at his hair and eyes beady, he stared at all of them. “SHUT THE FUCK UP! THE DEMONS ARE HERE! They’re here for your meat suits!! RUN!!”
Which he didn’t.
A message from Cas was not something that he had been expecting. Lately, Cas hardly used his phone at all to text him. So opening the message, Dean prepared himself for anything out of the ordinary because maybe the guy had wandered off into the neighborhood and had found a pair of puppies he wanted to collect. Or maybe he had discovered a hive of bees and wanted Dean to collect one in a jar for self-study.
He coaxed their best efforts out and relied on their inward belief to keep the company’s best interests in mind.
“Ha! I’ll have you know that I read the entire library in Cross Street ten times over.
It took us fifteen minutes because of traffic to get to the Ritz, a place I’d never been before. But throughout the time we sat in the backseat, Dean didn’t say a word to me.
“I don’t have a boyfriend.” The term was so glorifying and yet so excruciating.
“How will you make this better, Cas?” Dean was motionless, almost as if he was captured in the jaws of depression and couldn’t release himself from its clutches.
Dean was always a hopeless romantic but he loved with the kind of depth that many of his lovers lacked understanding. They would come into his life like a wide eyed stranger eager to discover a mutuality that could fuel a passionate and close bond.
Dean however, was far too red to appear anything but deeply affected by the compliments that he stopped trying to collect the phone and stood there. Chest heaving, his gaze penetrated enough to suggest a kind of discomfort from being so exposed in the photos. And certainly he had every right to feel as such, because the last person he expected to cast a glance on those was the very person standing a few inches away from him.
"Take me there," Castiel held his breath, leaned back and hugged himself. And also trying to shield his face from the prodding eyes because he hated to be in the spotlight.
for me. It was just a means to an end."
“My brother,” Castiel said with certainty, immediately drawing green eyes onto him, “Crowley tried to lure Balthazar into his trade, asking for a donation of a substantial amount of money and when he didn’t get his way…of course, he developed a grudge.”
Castiel melted as Sam tugged on his brother’s arm then jerked his chin at the group of reporters and without a smile on his face, his older brother followed. Adam, noticing that the two of them drifted off, decided that he would escape the questions about his affair. And as the two Winchesters approached, the reporters started firing.
"I keep feeling like we need to say something to each other but we're not saying it. And it's eating my heart raw, man," Dean choked out. He reached up and flicked the tears away briskly then stared off at the garden of sunflowers. "I don't know if we're good or if we're so broken right now, we can't fix this. And maybe I'm the only one who feels this way but how can you be so calm about this? How can you wake up early and fix puzzles and talk about Nessie and teas as if life is just normal again? When I literally had two hours sleep, I feel so tense and it's so freaking easy for me to cry."
Squeezing his own pair shut, Dean breathed in slowly and he bit his lips, still not giving in.
"Not…really."
"However did you manage?" Castiel was intrigued by her catlike eyes. The way she lived on being coy. "I can only assume that it wasn't easy."
The fast patter of feet outside the door signaled that the baby was up and being chased by either Sam or Jess. John's voice rumbled from downstairs, because he rose before the sun and the smell of coffee wafted through the creases.
The Empty was shaken up in ways that no one predicted, awakening beings who were asleep like Balthazar, Crowley, Gabriel and many others that crawled up into a standing position, groggy and discovered a lone ranger falling to his knees among their midst.
Sam, however, had seen enough. "I meant that he was trying to help Jack," he said softly, worry etching on his face.
“Oh, right, because there is no way a guy like
"Which forces me to believe you will become a monk but that's not my decision to make. The decision I want you to sleep on and come back tomorrow to me with, is whether you're going to get your ass to London. Or if you're going to stay here and continue being a hermit." Zachariah glared at the red pen as it scribbled something on the notepad.
