Such a simple statement took him so much energy and courage. But it was worth everything to see Steve turn back and smile.
Steve woke up with his head pounding and muscles aching. It took him way longer than usual to wake up and remember what happened.
"No please... I don't have anywhere else to go. Please let me talk to him. I can be good. I can! Please I will apologise. I will behave. I can be good. I promise. I didn't mean to be bad." Loki rambled in obvious panic. "Please allow me to go back. Please..." The student trailed off as he realised... There was nothing Phil could do if Odin said he didn't want Loki anymore.
It had taken a few days for Clint and Thor to feel guilty, but they finally came to understand how Tony would take this on.
Phil stayed silent for a long moment. He had expected the view, but that didn't mean he liked it. It never got easier to find out a student was being abused in some way. And in this case it seemed to be both physical and mental. Damn whoever did this. "Loki, could you tell me how that happened?" He asked softly.
Mister Coulson had said he would be back before dinner. And so Loki would have to make sure dinner was ready by then. After all, Coulson could easily kick him out.
Thor looked completely lost, looking at Loki in confusion. Phil didn't miss the flash of annoyance in those blue eyes. "Do you know why you're here?" The councillor asked curiously.
Pepper smiled again when Steve relaxed a little and handed him a phone. The newest StarkPhone to be exact. "You'll need this. It's yours, consider it a signing bonus. Now, it has an AI installed who can help you with whatever you need, though you should have met Jarvis already since he's also installed in our downtown office. It also gives you access to a work account to pay for whatever your boss may want you to get. Or actually," Pepper briefly stopped talking as the doors opened and they got out. "actually it is for whatever he
Steve got up, and gave Tony a hand, helping him up as well. With only a few disappointed glares they left a confused Thor behind.
Curious and a little worried, Bruce got out of his chair and slowly walked towards the sound. He stuck his head carefully around another bookcase, and there it was...
"Done Sir." Jarvis said calmly before breaking the silence again with a surprisingly hesitant voice. "Sir? If I may be so bold, why will Captain Rogers wish to leave the penthouse in the tower?"
Tony couldn't help the small flinch, avoiding eye contact and nervously tapping his reactor. "I don't know what you're talking about."
Now his heart was still bleeding freshly. He needed some space and time to think. To build the walls back up that had crumbled while around the two soldiers. The genius runs a hand through his messy hair and orders Jarvis to send a suit.
Vision had spent a while traveling the world to gain experience as he explained it himself, and returned a few days after the others.
"Wait, he made this? Oh wow, seems like he prepared for Christmas after all." Hawkeye says bluntly just before Jarvis speaks up.
I'm working together with Arielle, she isn't present often. And she isn't there today. So I do the tests myself. I glance around the class and see people with different results. Some seem to work out, others are failing. When I noticed the colour of the heated mixture was perfect, I cooled it. I failed the assignment.
Tony doesn't meet anyone's eyes, his thoughts running again, and not even remotely in the right direction.
Tony was currently fidgeting with the flowers he bought Steve, waiting for the blond to arrive at the restaurant they had their first date at. It was cheesy, but exactly how Tony wanted to celebrate their year anniversary.
Steve was the first one to go to the school councilor. Originally he went to Coulson to switch scholarships. He went from sport to art. He was good at sports, but he didn't like it as much as art. So as soon as a spot was free for him, he switched. Phil quickly figured out there were some minor issues at home, and wrote him down for a weekly meeting.
Loki had only met the man twice. Once at his first day at school, where Fury had welcomed him personally as son of the great Odin Borson. The second time was after the first exam week, when he had a firm talk with Loki about his grades. He offered tutoring, which Loki declined.
Tony whimpered and nodded nervously. "Only yours." He whispered scared before being pushed towards the bedroom.
Of course. This was it. They were over. And here he was, waiting up for the boyfriend that just dumped him.
He should have kept his distance from Steve, but it was hard when he would swoon at just a look of those blue eyes.
Romanov eyed Clint's expression and heard the slight slurring in Tony's voice. "I'll go next." She said calmly and wasn't surprised when Clint frowned.
Also, I finished writing it, so as you can see the amount of chapters is now known. Three more after this one! :D
"No!!" Tony got up and made himself look as large and intimidating as possible. If Steve came back tomorrow, he wouldn't be able to stop himself from begging for forgiveness. "I want you to get out. I never want to see you again. You have until the end of the month to pack your stuff, now leave!!" Tony actually growled hard enough to make Steve flinch.
The fight passed relatively quickly now that backup had arrived and Tony planned on leaving the second the last bot fell. Like hell he would go to a debriefing to watch those two perfect love birds worry over each other.
Coulson didn't say anything, but parked the wheelchair next to his car. While he fumbled around for his keys, he saw Loki standing up on shaking legs. The student almost fell down when his right ankle twisted again, luckily Phil catched him. "Hey hey hey, you heard miss Potts, you're not allowed to walk yet." The councillor said a little confused, why was Loki trying to stand up already?
Steve's expression was so sad and filled with love at the same time, it was almost a bit of pity, but not quite. Empathy maybe...
For everyone who followed this chapter by chapter, I added edits to the chapters so scroll by and take a look, they're pretty awesome ;)
Loki nodded softly. "I can t-try." He added in a whisper. Phil smiled a little. "Then that's settled, I know I said we should meet tomorrow, but how about you write your essay about tomorrow, and we will meet the day after. You can just drop by whenever you have time."
Natasha was stirring through the soup, silently glaring at everyone, a calculated gaze aimed at the pot before her.
And now Bucky thought Tony didn't even like him? That couldn't stand. "Bucky? You're full of crap." He muttered instead of the dramatic exclamation of love. "I don't want you to leave." The engineer added in a soft whisper as he finally looked up at the brunette at his bedside.
Bucky seemed surprised Tony was even awake and cleared his throat softly. "Tony, Steve is getting some food, but I need to tell you this before he gets back." The soldier took a deep breath before continuing. "I'm sorry Tones. I truly am. I never meant to hurt you. At first... At first I got here and wanted to do anything to get my Stevie back. But then I met you. And you two are so amazing together. And I just... You are amazing Tony. You and Steve deserve to be happy. I had stupidly hoped we might work, the three of us. I know you don't think of me that way though, and that's fine. Just... Please give Steve another chance. He loves you and I promise I won't be in your way. I'll be gone the second you want me to."
Her best friend was dying and there was no cure. Thor had returned and said something about matters of the heart, but she didn't understand.
Thor shows his grades, proudly. I don't know why he's proud, he's barely passing. And now I had to show my grades as well.
Tony took a moment to think about the question and shook his head eventually. "No, I don't think I could ever come to that conclusion ever again."
When he flew into that portal all he could think of was his son losing another parent. He tried to call Pepper, ask her to please take care of Peter. She didn't answer her phone. Tony took a deep breath and prepared to die.
His other students wanted to meet Loki to voice their encouragement and support, they had to get Loki settled in his home so he has a place to be safe. And, they had to work on the Thor problem. Odin would become a very big issue, Phil was certain, but if Natasha found out what happened... The horrible man might end up losing some parts.
Tony missed spending as much time with Peter. Missed showing him new things and teaching him everything the kid wished to know. He hated this. But this wasn't about him.
Once downstairs and in the wheelchair things seemed to settle down. The two had breakfast together and sat down to watch a few movies while Phil did some paperwork and made some calls. Someone had to go pick up Loki's stuff from that house and make pictures of the living conditions. Luckily Hill had a connection at the nearby police unit. Sitwell would take care of it. With enough evidence to sue, Loki could be safe.
And Loki didn't understand. Was this what was suppose to happen? Would he have avoided punishment if he had been kinder? It was a classic, Phil had said, apparently it was normal for children without parents to do all the work.
Natasha bit her lip as she realised Bucky had been right. Tony's PTSD was still horrible, and Steve abused it.
I got nine minutes late. And so the yelling started. I never like that. I already know I'm useless and horrible, and it hurts just as much every time. I thought I would get used to it.
"Son of iron, do not change the subject. I found my brother and he confessed the nature of your curse." The alien prince was pointing at Tony with his hammer and honestly, Tony was tense as fuck.
The two moved past their initial dislike for each other pretty quickly. Mostly because Tony really wanted Steve to like him, and Steve realised Tony wasn't what the media portrayed him as.
By the time a year passed, and Ultron had long been defeated, it was a well hidden secret that Captain America and Iron Man were dating.
to spend time in the workshop with you. He wants to learn and build with you. I'll talk to the team, mostly Clint, he shouldn't have said that and-"
This Christmas might not have been perfect, but it was theirs. And no one would be able to take it away from them.
Loki curled up even tenser, his breathing sounding heavy and distressed. "P-Please... Do-Don't... I... I don't ha-have any m-money." He stuttered barely audible.
He would jsut explain it and then he could go back to his life. And out of the bare cell he woke up in.
Hour after hour went in it. Every free second, and there weren't many of those, went into the project.
"Heya Stevie." The voice was almost the same, just a bit higher and less slurred around the huge fangs.
Having the time to organise his thoughts, Tony realised that he really loved Steve. As in, he really didn't want him to leave and kinda wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
Said genius is tense as fuck. He's clutching the popcorn bowl like a lifeline, eyes glazed over, clearly somewhere else. "Stark?" Hawkeye asks confused while Steve carefully rests a hand on Tony's knee.
The next morning Natasha had woken up and went searching for Steve to spar with. When she heard from Jarvis that the Captain was in the workshop with Tony and Peter, her eyebrow twitching was the only sign of surprise. "Blya, ny nakonets-to." Natasha muttered as she reached the workshop and peeked inside.
The soldier made a soft sad sound and pulled Tony close once more. "No, Tony, baby, he was so wrong. We didn't know. Please believe us. We didn't know. All we saw was that you stopped drinking, stopped endangering yourself. And we were happy, because we thought you were safe."
But this was way out of Bruce's depth, it had been just five years since he got out himself, and that was with the help of the police.
After swallowing thickly and gathering his resolve he gently pulled his hands back and folded them in his lap. "You should go." Tony whispered softly, unable to look either man in the eye. This was hard enough as it was. Seeing the relief on their faces at not having to be bothered to stay would only make it impossible.
The blond soldier sat down at Tony's bedside and took his hand again. "Hey Tony, good to see you awake. How are you feeling?"
Steve grabbed Tony's shoulders and shook him lightly. "No! Don't die!! You can't- no!! I love you! Don't leave me..." Steve let go of the tears he had been pushing down and cried. He cried and cried while laying on Tony's chest, sobbing over the love he felt hurting his heart.
With a frustrated sound, Steve sat down against the wall and waited. Whoever held him captive would eventually show their face. And then he would get some answers.
Pepper was pacing the floor, tense and stressed. The clicking of her heels echoed through Steve's skull as the world seemed to spin around him.
Tony grins smugly and winks. "As a matter of fact I have dinner planned with this amazingly hot and funny guy, you might know him, he really likes the whole red, white, and blue theme."
On top of that, Tony worked twice as hard to get all his work done so he could take all the time between Christmas and New Year's off. He missed spending as much time with Steve and his team, but this Christmas had to be special. Flawless even.
"Ever since he found out you're actually Iron Man, yes I know, you've only mentioned that about a hundred times in the past week." Doctor Banner interrupted the other brunette and calmly took a sip of his tea, already knowing what Tony was going to say.
Steve sighed and made Tony sit down, looking at him with warm blue eyes. "Tony, the kid loves you, adores you. You're his hero. Literally and figuratively." The Captain says softly before falling silent again with a thoughtful look on his face. "This... This isn't about that movie night a few weeks ago is it?" The blond asked carefully.
"I won't hurt you. And I don't want your money." Bruce said softly. "I just want to help. Thor said some mean stuff back there-"
Natasha sat down on the coffee table to face them and appeared reluctant to talk. "Tony? You have to tell us what happened. So we can make sure he never hurts anyone ever again."
The Quinjet finally landed with the Avengers bursting out before it even hit ground. Tony's heart froze for a second as he watched Steve and Bucky run out together but he quickly snapped out of it and went back to shooting at metal.
Now look at that, Tony loved both super soldiers, and they loved each other. They deserved to be happy together. To go on dates and cuddle close on movie nights and share food and... and be happy. Without having to worry about some clingy ex.
"This is the livingroom, the kitchen and diningroom are that way. I'm afraid I don't have an elevator so I will have to help you up and down the stairs until you're allowed to walk again." Coulson said calmly as he pointed to the right doors and pushed Loki in a clear spot in the livingroom.
Tony looked at Steve knowingly before replying. "Still, you've been incredibly good at your job, and you've dealt with my shit without explanation. I just- Jarvis told you about the curse right? And- Well, some days, it's more? I- It's harder to- fight off the instincts. And- shit, it's not an excuse. But I wanted to apologise, for what happened that first time. I'm sorry for scaring you. And I'm glad you stayed after." There was a twitch in Tony's limbs as he spoke, as if he was cutting off subconscious movements continually.
Telling a group of people abused by their fathers that father's words were always the truth... Not a good idea.
As the new assistant left her office, miss Potts sat down and smiled. "Oh you'll do nicely." She muttered satisfied.
He looked down at his watch and decided to get some take out, too tired to cook once he would get back home.
Tony never even had a single doubt. If he could save Bucky by taking the fall, he would. The two people he loved would both be happy and together.
The god smiles sheepishly. "Well, my friends, this is Mjölnir, I had merely asked her to allow you all to lift her, except for our friend Tony."
That night, he dreamt of being chased through the woods, growls echoing behind him, getting closer and closer. When he finally turned around the look, there was just a man. A gorgeous man with dark brown eyes.
He blinked again and saw Steve sit on the bed beside him, calmly sketching. "You don't have to stay." The genius whispered as he hid his face in his pillow and tried not to cry. Crying was for babies. Stark men don't cry.
The two looked at each other. Tony grinned. Steve smiled and held open his arms for Tony to lean into.
Oh and how that fell wrong. Clint stumbled to his feet and ran off, followed by Natasha who sent Thor a deadly glare at her way inside. Bruce followed later, stuttering some apology before speeding away.
SHIELD fell while Tony struggled with Extremis. And everything was suppose to calm down after they defeated Ultron. Sadly, things were not looking good for Tony. But then again, when did they ever?
A shrink first. That wasn't too difficult, he just called one of the many many cards Pep ever gave him and set an appointment.
..." Tony chocked on his words and pushed back the tears treathening to spill, clearing his throat a little and staring down at his hands. "I
"Look at me when I'm talking to you." Steve growled, making Tony look back up immediately, eyes filled with terror.
As Clint told the others what he heard, Thor could be heard walking up the stairs noisily. It was already making Clint and Bruce nervous.
Phil didn't lie, it did look good, the kid was a good cook. The reason why was rather bitter though.
After a week of being locked away in his workshop and creating a full plan of attack, Tony finally got out.
"I know you're working on a new project. You can show me later alright. Look, Tony, I know you're busy, but I want to celebrate the holidays." There was a pause and a sigh. "I'm not coming to Malibu. I'm staying in New York with the team for Christmas. We can talk later alright? I have to go help Bruce make dinner."
Shocked, Phil quickly took the plate from the young adult's hand and made him sit down again. "No, Loki, don't do that. You'll get injured. You have to rest your ankles, doctor's order." Coulson said a little sternly and watched Loki twirl his fingers nervously.
Filled with dread and craving a drink, Tony landed in Malibu. He stepped out of the suit and headed straight to the kitchen for coffee. After gulping down two mugs he grabbed a bottle of scotch and made his way down to his workshop. He had slept a few hours and there was no one to stop him from working anymore.
Thor looked insulted and sounded like it as well. "Stark, mind your words. My father is an honourable man. And I shall not have you insult him as such. His word is truth."
"It did seem like he wanted to." Natasha points out while actually physically pointing with her wooden spoon.
After a while, a routine started again. Steve would spend his day working for SHIELD and spending time with Bucky when he returned. In the evening he would drag Tony out of hie workshop and the two would disappear behind locked doors.
Steve was glad, since those good days seemed to be rather rare. That being said, he couldn't accept such an offer. "I appreciate it sir, but I wouldn't be able to afford two apartments. And SI generously covers my traveling fee so really it's no-"
The engineer enjoyed his relationship and worked hard to postpone the moment he'd end up alone again. Because if Steve left, the whole team would follow.
Clint was never one to beat around the bush, Natasha knew that. Still, she would never get used to him dropping from the ceiling and stating something that should be impossible.
"It does. For me." He eventually answered. He had no worth after all, so a few punches in trade for a house, clothes, and college, was nothing.
Loki's hands were tightened on the armrests of the wheelchair, his face was a cold mask as he fought to hide his emotions.
Stark brushes it off, willing himself to calm the fuck down. "I'm fine. I don't know what you're talking about HawkAss, Peter isn't raised like I was
"Ah yes! Of course! You must simply find a romantic partner! One to spend a life time with. I believe once your romantic intend is set, a simple kiss would suffice to trigger your release!"
The teacher didn't notice me being late. I merely snuk in during my maths college, and sat in my spot at the back. Sometimes I wonder if anyone would care if I were gone. But then I realise I already know the answer; they wouldn't even notice.
"That makes no sense. I love him. Rhodey loves him. Hell, that intern he emails with, Peter, probably loves him. How-" Pepper cut herself off with a sob, hands trembling with emotion.
Alas, Natasha became better at it and could soon identify the difference between real emotions and his masks.
The rhythmic click of high heels on a hard wooden floor could be heard throughout the common area. Natasha smirked, Steve sighed in relief, Bruce smiled just a little, and Clint and Thor both froze.
Romanov practically did her own physical exam, leaving only half an hour later with a few pictures and a few notes on the back of them.
A small figure was curled up in a corner, shivering slightly and obviously trying to keep silent. Bruce recognised the guy immediately, Loki. Was this what Thor's words had done to the kid?
And so, the next day, Steve packed his lunch, wished his roommate and best friend a good day, and left for his new job.
"I- I can't tell you. Classified." Steve muttered still in shock. How was this his life? How did he end up working for one of the smartest and richest men on the planet?
"I'm sorry." The student whispered once seated back in his wheelchair. This time while Phil grabbed his keys from his pocket, Loki wrung his hands nervously. And when Phil unlocked the doors to his precious Lola, there was a soft voice speaking up.
Once he came up he knew he would be alone, the others would have left ages ago. So until he went up, he could pretend they were still there. It was kind of like Schrödinger's Cat. As long as he didn't go upstairs his ex teammates were and weren't there at the same time.
"Stevie?" Bucky gently interrupts a very upset Steve, his voice soft and warm. "Steve, take a deep breath. You don't have to choose." The brunette whispers with a small smile.
He wraps his hand around the handle and for a moment that hope glows bright within him. Another deep breath, and he tugs.
"Can we talk?" Tony asked softly, and even though Steve was surprised, he nodded without hesitation.
After a tense few seconds where Pepper stared at him until he swallowed nervously, she smiled and nodded, seemingly satisfied with his answer. "Good, now, I know you have experience as a P.A., Carter had only good things to say about you. This job won't be too different. Your new boss is... eccentric. He has a certain disease that makes his appearance rather shocking, and therefore he never goes out. It will be your job to assist him with his paperwork, and also to make sure he stays alive."
Pepper finally looked at him and smiled, the moisture in her eyes betrayer the pain she felt. "You may join me, I'm visiting Thor to make sure there is no cure we can try."
Phil looked thoroughly confused. "Of course you can, I'll pop it in the trunk in a second. Let me just help you out first." And as Coulson moved forward to help Loki out of the chair, the raven haired boy looked confused this time.
"Tony, for the last time, Steve doesn't hate you." Bruce said tiredly, rubbing the bridge of his nose while trying very hard not to smack his best friend.
"Yeah, you've been operated on eight times. Been unconscious three days. Doc says you have to stay in bed for at least two weeks. It will be a few months before you're allowed back in the field." Bucky says briskly as he tries to hide his crushing worry.
Tony watched everything with wide glazy eyes, almost gasping when Barton lifted the hammer up with ease as well.
"He was amazing after he moved in. All shy and sweet and charming. He asked me out and I said yes. Maybe I had always loved him a little. I don't know. I just... I was so tired of being alone." Tony whispers while burying a little closer to the safety of the winter soldier.
He sped forward as fast as he could, cringing when Barton hit a balcony on his way down. Judging from the pained grunt audible over the comms, Clint was injured.
"It's alright to be afraid." Phil continued. "But you no longer have to be afraid of him. With everything we have, you will never return to that house again."
Tony just raises an eyebrow while looking at Steve who's trying very hard to avoid making eyecontact which is so unlike him. "How about we begin with how you're avoiding me."
Bruce frowns and shakes his head lightly. "It's nothing like Tony to set Steve up though. Remember your third date." The calm scientist reminds him gently.
Though, when he put it back together, instead of making annoying beeping noises, there was a pleasant soft bell indicating his heartbeat.
Wanda didn't join them until a month later, when she shyly showed up and was lead to her apartment without any issue.
The words clearly hurt Steve, just like Tony intended. They hurt so much more than any mistaken growl ever could.
It all came to an end about a week ago. Tony had performed some risky manoeuvres during their mission to save the last civilians in a collapsing building.
Coulson made a mental note to get the kid some new clothes, that actually fitted and were warm and soft. "No need to apologise Loki." He whispered thoughtfully. There was a lot that needed done.
Tony had to swallow a curse. Peter really was a clever little thing, way ahead of the children his age. Before... All this, Tony had been talking to his teacher about having him skip a class. Now he knew it wasn't a good idea though. Tony remembered how it felt to be surrounded by kids much older than him because he had been skipping classes all his life.
His head wasn't hurting quite as much as the first time, and that clouded feeling of too much medication wasn't there. Instead, his right side was throbbing. Actually, his entire back felt sore and aching. Dammit.
Phil nodded firmly and Hill stepped forward to lead Thor out of the room. After a lot of commotion, they were gone. Fury followed them after looking at Loki for a second, his eyes hardening in anger of all who hurt this boy.
Loki had been in awe. It was more than he could ever imagined sleeping in. He was already happy with a sheet to cover him.
What was possibly even more surprising was how quickly Steve got used to seeing his hairy boss. Sure, it was odd to help out Mister Stark with things because his claw-like hands couldn't quite manage to grab onto a small screw, but not as odd as the blond had expected.
This only confused Steve more. He didn't mind being a glorified babysitter to a weird, sick, workaholic genius, but he could hardly see himself force his boss to do anything. It was his
Tony frowned and stayed silent, he didn't quite know how to answer and just grabbed his mug of coffee and left again.
Tony swallowed thickly before answering. "We've talked about this Peter, the workshop is dangerous. Go play with your Legos for a bit, I'm almost finished with work, I'll come join you for lunch soon alright?"
"He did." The Captain says fondly before crossing his arms and looking away. "Maybe he's just tired of this."
And with those legendary words Tony grabbed the bottle and emptied it. There went his three months of regulated drinking.
Phil didn't look pitying, he just looked thoughtful. "You are Thor his younger brother?" He asked to get the picture in his mind fitting somehow.
First thing on the list; new arrows for Hawkeye. New gear. New comms. Anything that could help to make sure this never happened again.
Tony sighed and simply sat behind his desk, staring into the distance as he tried to tune out that little voice in the back of his mind whispering that he should have seen this coming. Why the hell would anyone want to celebrate Christmas with him?
Stark and Rogers entered arguing lightly about arriving on time. It had appeared Tony had insisted on finishing work while Steve wished to be on time.
Bucky didn't understand why Steve was so set on this promotion. Yes it paid more, but it was all the way in Manhattan and he didn't even know who he would be working for! And the job description was so vague, what if it turned out he had to, like, blow some old dude? That could
They had all expected there would have to be a lot of begging and bribing before Tony would talk. Perhaps it was the exhaustion, or just the emotional turmoil he had been through, but Tony talked.
Then there was Bruce who kept asking him questions about projects, and Natasha who was teaching him sparring. It was... really weird.
Once alone, Tony realised his hand was bleeding and sighed, what a shitty day. As he looked through the kitchen cupboard for a first aid kit, he heard a knock on the open door.
Things weren't going better. Tony tried spending as much time with Peter as before, but he didn't know what to do. They build with Legos a lot, but Tony didn't know if that wasn't too close to working so he often cut that short to do something else. Like colouring, or teaching Peter how to ride a bike. Or play with his toy bugs. Normal kids stuff.
Natasha smiles sweetly at Tony. "You should tell him you want him to screw your brains out while you're at it." The assassin says casually before dragging Bruce into the elevator leaving a spluttering engineer behind.
Sadly, Loki didn't know that yet. "Oh... No, he can h-have it. I'm f-fine." The dark haired student stuttered before biting his bottom lip and pushing the pizza back with a shaking hand. He didn't want Clint to hate him. Who knew what the archer would do to him for stealing his food? He'd rather not find out...
"Thank you for telling me that." Steve says before blushing even darker. "I understand. And I- I think you deserve an explanation. For why I've
That being said, it was only a matter of time before something went wrong during the hour long commute and he got to work late. And indeed, when the weather turned shit, his train was delayed more often than not until eventually he missed his transfer and ended up running through the halls of the tower with his coffee and his hair a complete mess.
Steve and Bucky were both sitting on the couch in Tony's penthouse, facing each other and talking. Bucky had a hand resting on Steve's knee for comfort.
He groaned and tried to pull his pillow over his head only to find it already occupied with someone else.
The engineer curled up against Bucky's side and yawned softly. Steve buckled them both up safely before telling the driver to take them home.
When the door to his workshop opened and Steve walked in, all bright eyes and carrying food, Tony almost stopped himself again.
James moved back into the bathroom and gently tugged Tony out from underneath the cold water, wrapping arms around the shaking man and whispering soft kind words. "You're safe Tony. I've got you babe. Deep breaths. You're in Stark tower, New York. Penthouse.
The engineer also agreed that yes, Peter really should skip a class because he was insanely clever. Eventually the kid ended up going to another school where there was a class for genius kids. He quickly became best friends with a smart little girl called Gwen and a shy boy named Victor. Natasha just made bets with everyone to see when Steve would finally take Tony out for a date. Her money was on next week.
Tony sank down on his chair and buried his face in his claws. He was a monster. He would die alone, just as he deserved. And Steve would be able to live a happy life without mourning him.
After his father was arrested, he and his mother lived a pretty peaceful life. Only the boy thought he needed physical pain whenever he made a mistake. The perfectly straight lines on his wrists were evidence of that. Luckily he got his friends, and help. And just last month they celebrated a year cutting free. It was a huge party, courtesy of Tony as usual.
A small sigh escapes the redhead and she purses her lips. "That, captain, is because Tony has the self-esteem of a doorknob. He wouldn't know friendship unless it hits him in the face. Which is what me and Rhodey did. Now, can anyone explain to me what happened and why Tony just filed his letter of resignation with Shield?"
"They all know Tony. And they don't care. Why would they? You deserve this. You're finally behaving properly. Everyone is grateful for what I'm doing."
This time Steve looks shocked and surprised. "What? No, of course not! I've- I was just shocked at finding out that... Well, that you're Iron Man, that's all."
However, he did take this opportunity to watch Steve flex those stunning muscles under his way too tight shirt in preparation.
He understands that the genius had a lot of responsibilities, but it hurt knowing he didn't even spare a moment during Christmas.
Steve sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. "Peter asked me something while I was watching him yesterday."
Steve brushed a hand through the messy brown hair and smiled sadly when Tony leaned into the touch while brown eyes widened in shock.
"You've got to be kidding me. What is this? Some sort of fairy tale?? I'm not going to find some true love looking like this??" He was a monster, inside and out. How the fuck would he ever find someone who would actually want to spend the rest of their life with them? "Thanks for the effort point break, but I'll live out my time and that will be it."
I almost forgot, happy birthday to me. I'm glad Odin forgot his birthday present to me. Last year was horrible.
This feels rather nice. But I feel so tired, and it all hurts so much. I'll go to sleep now. Maybe I will get a diary. To write.
Coulson smiled softly and put the bags of Indian food on the dinner table. "How about I put the pasta salad you made in the fridge, and we'll eat that for lunch tomorrow with some bread. It's not really enough to feed us both for dinner but it looks delicious."
Clint had a broken leg and two fractured ribs. He would be out of commission for at least two months while his leg healed.
Loki didn't quite understand the movie at first. A girl in a happy family, she reminded him of Thor a bit. Naïve and focused on having courage. The student almost huffed, being kind got you no where in the world.
"This isn't working. Your contract is ending in a month and SI won't be extending it." Tony went straight to the point, he wouldn't be able to extend this any more than necessary.
The normally calm and collected nurse couldn't contain a small shocked gasp when he took his many layers of shirts off. Besides the ribs poking out in a rather disturbing manner, his skin on itself was a battlefield of cuts and bruises. Old scars mingling with new injuries. Spots faded that showed this abuse must have been going on since he was a very young child.
So far, no one had pointed it out yet. Cap didn't even mention it during the debriefing, only claiming Tony had snatched Clint up before he hit the ground.
Basically; he was an idiot. "Steve-o, I need you to answer me something straight. It's important alright? Promise you'll answer honestly?" Tony asked surprisingly serious.
Tony looked up with wide eyes before clearing his throat and looking away. "It's fine. I was just- going back to bed anyway."
With those words, the genius downed his drink and slammed his glass down too hard, shattering it in pieces. "Fuck", he mumbled annoyed. The light in his chest was not doing great. It was flickering more often, and dimmed more and more each day. At this pace, Jarvis estimated he only had about a month left, maybe two. Impossible to find someone to love him for, well, him. Not his former looks or ever growing fortune.
Flashes of guilt are seen in their eyes and Steve gets to his feet. "We know. I've tried to keep him involved in everything, but he keeps fighting for distance."
Tony swallows thickly. He looked down for a moment and caught sight of Clint's cast in the corner of his eye. Of course.
"Nah, I'm good. It's yours. We're all full." Clint said casually as he leaned back in his chair and rested a hand on his full stomach.
And so aside from making Tony sign things and leaving food everywhere, Steve now made Tony nap if he hadn't slept.
He was watching video footage of Clint falling. As that finished it switched to images of Ultron wrecking havoc.
Still, Steve didn't let out a bit of tension until he actually saw the door slide open after Pepper entered her code.
"Damn, I wish Phil got me an insanely expensive gift every time we had an argument." Clint said with a grin.
"Really? So that's why you're arms are a battlefield? Bruce told us." Clint explains at Loki's shocked face. He looks through the papers, planning to simply look at the amount of tekst. "Wow, you surely wrote a lot..." His voice trailed off as be catched a few words. Before he knew it he was reading a few sentences. And they made him sick. This was horrible. And the kid was planning on keeping quiet.
Clint frowns and rolls his eyes. "Like we said, it's a prank Cap. Don't worry, Tony's ego just got a little bruised. He'll get over it."
Howard talking down on him and smacking him around a little when he fucked up again, didn't compare to being beaten to a bloody pulp on a daily bases.
Coulson arrived at the mall quickly and went straight to the nearest clothing store. It wasn't anything fancy, they just sold basics, exactly what Phil needed. He roughly guessed Loki's size and bought a few pair of pants, some shirts, underwear, and socks.
The engineer kept his eyes on his coffee mug and tried not to flinch at every small movement. He hadn't done anything wrong. There was no need to be so tense.
The door flew open and almost all of them flinched. "My friends, I have grievous news!" His booming voice was horrible to listen to for the damaged teenagers. "I cannot go to the festival this weekend. My brother got us both grounded with his horrible ways and his filthy lies."
Steve's new bike had been picked up a few hours ago and would arrive just in time for him to find on Christmas morning.
"Loki...? Loki, what's wrong? We can watch another movie. But I promise you, everything will be alright." The captain of the football team whispered softly.
Tony sits up and crosses his arms to automatically cover up the arc reactor. "People like Steve don't have Tumblr pages Bruce. He's Captain America. We're besties, he even shows me his art, so why hide his page? He's acting suspicious and I don't like it."
It wasn't until months later, after his therapist pushed him, that Tony dared to ask Steve out for real. The smile which formed on the captain's face at that precise moment was still one of Tony's fondest memories.
Steve snapped out of his trance the second he saw Tony flinch harshly when the video showed people running and screaming in fear.
Loki carefully nodded before taking the glasses off and subconsciously trying to seem even smaller. He let his long hair fall half before his face, hiding the bruise and carefully keeping his eyes down.
The nurse came into action after neatly cataloguing every injury, and set to making Loki as comfortable as she could. She started with putting his ankles into tight supportive bandages, he wouldn't be allowed to walk for a few days, until the swelling went down far enough so she could make proper x-rays and see what the bone was like.
No charges were pressed to Bucky. Apparently there had been a camera blackout. There was no evidence Bucky ever assaulted Captain America.
Tony kept silent throughout the entire conversation. He eyed everyone's movements and tried not to flinch, feeling too wrecked and worn out to deal with this all.
"Look Steve, I like you. Like, a lot. And I think it's really flattering that you're so passionate about something
By now, he could barely stand without support, he was stuck in his bedroom as the gem in his chest faded more with each passing minute.
Phil just nodded in understanding and looked at Loki. "Loki, my name is Phil Coulson. You may just call me Phil. I want you to know that everything you say within these walls, stays here. Your secrets will never be shared without your permission. Now, I believe mister Banner has classes to attend..." Phil glanced at Bruce with mocking stern eyes. "How about we have some tea and talk a little?"
Bruce rested a soft hand on Loki's shoulder and squeezed gently. "You don't have to lie to me." He whispered calmly before pulling his hand back and slowly rolling up his sleeve. That got Loki's attention, Bruce saw him glancing carefully his way behind the sunglasses. When he held his arm in the light, Loki could see the cigarette burns, the cuts from glass bottles, the over all scars, and the green eyes widened in shock.
Steve couldn't stop the small chuckle. No matter who his boss was or what he looked like, Steve had the feeling this job would be fun.
A dull thud was heard when Thor sat his hammer down on the coffee table, denting the expensive wood and making Tony cringe a little. Pepper was definitely going to yell at him for that.
Natasha wasn't so subtle and simply stared at Tony with a raised eyebrow. "So you're gonna lock yourself away anytime you and Steve fight?"
Like he was stuck in a fairy tale, the curse would be broken if someone loved him enough to promise eternity. Or that's what the bullshit curse said anyway. Promise eternity. He thought about telling Pepper, she would probably marry him to cure him. But then she would be stuck with him forever and he didn't want to do that to her. She deserved better.
Well shit. Let's just add mommy issues to the list of shit going wrong today. "Don't worry about it big guy, you found the cure now right? Better late than never and all that."
Steve takes a step forward until their chests are almost touching and gently cups Tony's face between those large hands. Despite his insane strength he is holding Tony so gently it makes the genius smile.
Loki accepted a comforting hug briefly before starting to shake, Steve pulled back again and smiled sadly. The smile held a promise. They would get there. They wouldn't leave.
"Wha-" but whatever he wanted to ask was cut off with a louder growl. Steve stepped back and dropped his bagels. "I'm sorry." He whispered as be backed up further.
Steve's shoulders slumped after he hung up and he heard the phone creak in protest to slowly being crushed.
The scientist gets up just as the elevator dings to announce Natasha stepping out. Bruce, knowing the spy, smirks at the very convenient timing. "Ready to go?" The redhead asks while trying just a little too hard to appear innocent.
Surprisingly, the psychologist that Tony spoke to now was actually a success. The elder woman didn't take any bullshit which Tony respected.
Anytime Steve was out working, Bucky would head downstairs and hang around while Tony worked. In the beginning it was purely for the redesign of his arm, but once he had a shiny Stark Industries arm, he still stayed.
"There is no need to apologise brother, I should be the one saying sorry. I should not have said the things I did. I do not know what has happened, and yet I judge you like I do. Please forgive me my harsh words?"
Thor's laughing at how low they are. It makes me feel empty. I know how low they are, I don't have a choice.
Steve Rogers had once promised his dying mother to work hard and follow his dreams. And even though he was a man of his word, he was struggling to make his promise a reality.
After running the data three times he had go accept it. Steve didn't want to break up with him, he wanted Bucky to be brought in the relationship. They didn't want to run off into the sunset together, they wanted to be
The genius sighs and relaxes visibly. "I'm sorry for not telling you sooner. I've had... Bad expectations of what you'd be like." He admits softly, pushing away memories of his dad yelling about how much better Captain America would be. "It took time before I could separate the title from the man. To trust you with knowing I like to play dress up." He jokes a little, trying to lighten the mood some.
"Tones... what happened to your face?" The archer asked worried as light hit Tony's face, showing a darkening bruise below his eye.
The blond does look intently at the genius and frowns again. "Tony... Are you sure this is what you want? I... You don't have to do this. You don't have to sacrifice anything. You deserve to be happy."
Softly opening the door to the bedroom, Steve stuck his head inside and almost sighed with relief when he found his boyfriend spread out on the bed.
"Sorry I'm late Tony, trains were a mess. I'll make it up by working a little longer!" were the first words out of his mouth when he found Tony, in his workshop as usual. Before Tony could actually say anything, Steve frowned at the disheveled state the genius was in. "You haven't slept yet."
Only this time it was different. Bruce pointed just as Thor stopped walking and turned around to his brother. The younger one, his name was something with an L... Liam? Lary?, he shrunk in on himself and kept his eyes firmly down on the floor.
I'm cold. I still don't know why Banner bothered to bring me to Coulson. I don't know why Coulson is wasting time on me when he could be helping good students.
Loki knew he couldn't get a job. He had tried that multiple times. Odin always found out. And always made sure he both didn't get the job, and was thoroughly punished.
The Black Widow almost missed the whispered words but nodded and smiled softly. "Goodnight Anthony."
I always spend my breaks in the library. It is calm and peaceful, there aren't any people to bother. I slowly eat my lunch, it's an old cheese sandwich today. I made it for Thor yesterday, but he never ate it, instead eating the chicken I also added in his lunch.
Tony rolled his eyes but did vaguely remember hearing something like that. He made his way to the common floor and got out of the elevator just as he heard the others talk about Peter. "Hey guys, I know my kid is amazing, what were you talking about?" He asks while dropping down on the couch and stealing the popcorn from Clint.
The engineer turned his gaze away, briefly touching the spot and swallowing thickly. "Just a bruise I got from sparring." He brushed it off and quickly got to his feet, stumbling briefly but heading towards the door anyway.
"Steve?" Tony interrupted softly and swallowed thickly. "Please let me apologise first? I know you have no reason to forgive me, but I promise to follow your orders next time and not fly off on my own. I've done a lot of thinking over the last week and realised what a horrible boyfriend I've been. I'm so sorry. But I can change. I promise, I'll change. I've thrown away the alcohol in the workshop and I've already made an appointment with a psychiatrist. Just please give me another chance? Please Stevie, Steve, sorry. Whatever you want I'll do it I just-
"He has been trying to push away the people that care for him. Yes." Pepper added, straight to the point to avoid bursting into tears.
A small voice sounded through the speakers in the workshop. Tony put away his blowtorch and closed his eyes briefly. "What's up squirt?" He asked even though he knew the answer already. It had been a week since Tony's revelation, and each day Peter had come down to the workshop to ask to come in.
Today is rapport day. The list of grades is being handed to us by our study coaches. I don't like rapport day. I hate it.
Tony held his hands up in defense. "Maybe, but I did just discover a new element so I think I deserve a break."
Tony nodded and held both their hands, bringing them together in his lap. "I know Steve. And this is what I want. I thought... I saw you two together and knew you belonged together. If you'll have me, both of you, I would lose my title of genius by refusing." The genius took a few breath and rested a hand over the entwined ones on his lap. "Just promise me one thing, please tell me if you want me out. I need you to promise me that. I rather have you tell me than watch as you slowly distance from me,
Every evening at exactly six, Steve would show up at his workshop and smile that charming smile of his, asking sweetly for Tony to join the team for dinner. Of course Tony couldn't say no to
He had literally created a killer robot. There was more blood on his hands than of any of the team members combined.
From that first day as Pepper's assistant, it had been difficult to read Tony Stark. He was very skilled in hiding his emotions. It was... slightly disturbing.
Steve looks so adorably confused, Natasha's words fill Tony's mind and he decides to go for it. They've been exchanging personal information for a bit now, might as well continue the trend.
"Y-you..." He gasped and looked up at Bruce. Suddenly he rolled up one of his own sleeves, just partly. The sight caused Bruce to swallow thickly.
Mother hangs Thor's grades on the fridge as if he is a child. I am sent to my room without dinner. Mother briefly argues because I didn't get dinner last night either, but father promises to bring me something later tonight.
Maybe following all the advice Pepper once gave him would be a good start. He'd follow Steve's advice, but for some reason Steve never told him how to change. Which was weird since it was basically all Tony ever talked about with Pepper.
Neither Tony nor Peter were used to living with a bunch of people, but they quickly got used to it. Or at least Peter did. The kid loved spending time with the most dangerous people on this damn planet because why not? The six year old played with Natasha's hair, rode around on Clint's back, had Thor throw him in the air, dragged Steve to the table to draw together, and poked Bruce just as much as his dad did.
Tony knew Steve's list. Sort of. He knew Bucky was on the first place. Peggy was probably second. Maybe, on a good day, if he was lucky, he would be on the third place.
With shaking hands he parted the curtains slightly, it filled the room with the soft light of the moon, and from where he lay on the bed he could look at the stars.
No wonder Tony had given up. Finding a true love's kiss? At least he didn't have to kiss a frog... Steve's pathetic crush briefly flared up high, shouting to go kiss Tony, but Steve immediately pushed it down. It would be stupid, not to mention cruel, to try and claim he was anyone's true love. He was small and sickly, needing a dozen pills with each meal just to live a normal life. The only people who loved him were his friends.
"W-What about T-Thor? He'll... He'll tell O-Odin. He'll... Be so angry." And again, the terror was obvious in the student his eyes.
The bottles hidden everywhere in the workshop were located and drained with the help of the bots. But without Jarvis. He had been muted since he kept trying to play Steve's messages.
"Now, firstly I must remind you once again that the identity of your boss is to remain a secret. If this leaks, the company will make sure your life is ruined. Is that understood?" There was a hint of venom in her voice, but Steve mostly noticed the protective shine in her eyes. She must care for this person or she wouldn't be so passionate about protecting his identity.
Tony looks up and catches Steve's gaze. They both screwed up. He should have told Steve what he was doing and not just lock away. And Steve probably shouldn't have expected the worst and just come over anyway. But after all, Steve came as soon as he found out Tony needed him.
Time flew by as he wrote equations and solved the extra content with ease. His notebook was almost full. He would have to ask Thor to- oh... Yes...
Steve got up and shook Pepper's hand, a stubborn look on his face. "Then I'll see you tomorrow ma'am."
Said genius was quite out of it and the exhaustion compared with the alcohol in his system did not work great with the panic he felt building up. It took amazing effort to pull up his masks and grin. "I'll pass, really, I've tried before, it's just a hammer. With magic. It's bullshit anyway."
Clint doesn't hear the hard edge to Tony's voice and doesn't look at him while answering. "Well, not exactly. But close enough. The kid spends half his days in the workshop. Not exactly a normal six year old." He snorts. The archer suddenly yelps in surprise when Natasha pinches his side sharply. "What?" The blond snaps, looking at Tony at Natasha's glare.
A spark of hope had set in Loki's chest and refused to leave. Perhaps his story could be similar to that of Cinderella.
How could anyone ever say it wasn't his fault when it so obviously was? If he had only been better...
That morning Loki had woken with the soft sun shining on his face, and he woke better rested that he could ever remember being. He stretched out with a soft whimper, his injuries throbbing lightly.
It took him longer than he had wanted, but finally there was a pasta finished in the fridge, ready to be eaten. Loki hoped Coulson wouldn't be too hungry since there hadn't been much food. And the student just knew there wouldn't be a lot of leftovers. Which meant not a lot to eat for him.
Tony looked from Steve's heartbreaking expression to Bucky, looking him over as much as he could and feeling relieved when he appeared unharmed. "You okay?" His voice came out crooked and raspy.
The embarrassed genius wanted to go hide in his workshop, but Bucky convinced him to go to the common room. The two brunettes ended up curled together on the soft couch.
The afternoon passed in peace. Loki adjusted to not expecting a hit at any second, while Phil adjusted to another person living in his house. It was easier for the latter than it was for the former.
Loki didn't really understand why Phil was acting the way he was. Didn't he realise what a waste of space Loki was?
"You are aware only I can lift Mjölnir, as you have attempted to lift her before. I was merely wondering whether our time as comrades has changed this matter."
As Phil finished explaining the situation to Loki, the student frowned slightly. Aside from the obvious concerns about never being able to pay back his debt to Coulson, Loki was worried about something else.
Tony swallowed thickly and shook his head. "Don't worry about it J. He will be happy to spend even more time with his soulmate."
A week later everyone had tried to break in. Using the shield, Thor's hammer, and even the Hulk; nothing broke through. Tony had really reinforced his new lab.
Loki was getting nervous, no one could read it. "Not really. There's nothing wrong." He said and tried to take the papers back. He grabbed miss though, Clint was faster and pulled them back.
Natasha nods at Tony's carefully questioning glance, and the engineer looks back at Bucky with wide eyes. "Really?"
Loki asked for his notebook just after lunch, he wanted to finish what he had started that morning, but forgot to bring it downstairs.
Tony coughed harshly. There were no cliche drops of blood left on a white handkerchief, but the gem in his chest did flicker weakly. It was barely shining anymore.
Maybe he should tell Steve the truth about the cure. While Thor was actually looking for a back up cure, Tony knew what the main solution was.
He passed the kitchen and froze in place. The whole counter was filled with bowls and plates stacked with food. Cold food.
Of course Tony didn't believe him, but that was alright. Bucky would just keep repeating until he did. They had a lifetime ahead of them after all.
Just as he flew up, ignoring the shouts of the others to stay, he saw a stray bot from the corner of his eye, aiming... and shooting.
They had been dating just over a year now, and last year Steve went to visit Peggy and the whole Carter family for the holidays.
My room is in the basement, so I don't have a window. I don't really like sleeping in the basement, it's always cold and damp. And the light switch is upstairs so I cannot control the light myself. That sucks when I am being locked up when grounded.
As he slowly calmed down and the blood stopped rushing through his head, he could hear someone else.
Another knock on the door had Loki flinching and then blushing at his response. He truly was pathetic. But when none commented and Bruce simply pet his knee with an understanding grimace, Loki relaxed a little.
"He loves you." Tony whispers as answer. "I was just a substitute. He never wanted me. He always wanted you. Then you came back but you spent time with other people aside from Steve. So he kept holding onto me. I knew he would ditch me as soon as he got what he really wanted. Still not your fault. I just didn't want you to get hurt. B- Better me th- than y- you." A few small sobs interrupt Tony's explanation and this time there are also tears streaming down Bucky's cheeks.
"What?" Steve looked confused above all else. "I don't understand? I thought things were going great?"
"No. It is not normal to have to do all the work. Everyone has chores, some more than others, but making one person do everything is wrong."
In fact, it was so damn heart shattering that Tony's head snapped up to look at one of his soulmate's. The Captain was shaking his head, eyes wide and teared. He took Tony's hand again and squeezed softly. "Please Tony... Don't send us away. Don't send me away. Please." Steve begged and Tony just didn't understand.
Tony's eyes widened and he got up and already headed to the elevators. "Nooo, Bruce is science, not engineering. He'd totally break it and-" He interrupted himself, turned around to face Steve, and glared at the taller man. "Don't think I don't know what you're doing."
Not bothering to dress in anything more than a pair of sweatpants, Steve walked to the livingroom where their Christmas tree was set up. He almost bumped into Bruce who was standing frozen in the doorway.
"No. This is wrong. He hurt you. So much. Over me? Tony, no listen to me, don't interrupt. Please. If I hadn't spent so much time in the workshop, this might have never happened. If I had just..." James's voice trails off and Tony sits up, still holding onto the taller man, but straightening his spine.
Bruce had fled to the library as soon as he could. At this period in the year, right after the first exams, it was deserted there. It was safe, calm, quiet.
Once back to just the two of them, Phil kneeled before Loki's wheelchair and gently rubbed a hand along his shoulders. "Loki, it's alright, you're safe. No one will hurt you. Nick and Maria will try to talk some sense into Thor, but he won't get close to you. You're safe Loki. Safe." Phil repeated over and over again until slowly the silent tears stopped, and Loki relaxed enough to sit up a little.
The three males present were all silently waiting for the door to open. The two older men were focussed and looking thoughtful. Loki looked terrified as usual.
All robots were now focused on shooting at him, and it was getting harder and harder to avoid all those lasers coming his way. He got hit a few times to block anyone innocent from getting hit, but nothing horrible just yet.
"Yes you are." Tony immediately interrupts. "You have been since finding out I'm Iron Man. So I just- I want to know why. Did I do anything wrong? I mean..." As Steve keeps silent, Tony scratches the back of his neck, looking away this time. "I know I'm not really hero material, but I can't give the suit to anyone else, it would be too dange-"
Clint and Natasha were first to arrive, always early for whatever invitation. Of course they had heard about Loki already, they knew everything that was going on in that school.
The second useful camera showed Tony waking up, a lot sooner than the two soldiers had expected. Tony woke up and appeared positively devastated as he rolled over to Steve's empty side of the bed. He asked Jarvis for Steve's location with a voice that could break any heart. Then he asked for the feed which cut in on a horrible timing. Even worse was the moment where Tony obviously couldn't bare it anymore and cut it off before hearing the explanation. A minute later Tony was gone.
Phil smiled fondly. Friday afternoon had become the weekly moment for his students to drop by for what was suppose to be group therapy. Everyone of the weird little group would drop by when they wanted, a place to laugh and have fun. If they weren't at Phil's, they mostly hang at Tony's place, since his parents were never there anyway. Hell, Bruce practically lived there, and Steve was there whenever he didn't have to help his mom. And Howard Stark had never even met Tony's friends yet.
It was always a challenge to get Tony (he quickly stopped calling him Mister Stark after almost starting a panic attack) to eat or sleep. Steve quickly figured out that as long as he left snacks everywhere, Tony would eat without even realising it, just picking up whatever was nearby.
Today was another bad day, so Steve was sitting in the living room, reading through some emails to fill the hours before dinner. He had just sneaked some blueberries into the workshop, leaving little bags all over the place, and left the tormented man to his own devices.
Maybe Natasha had gone rogue? Maybe Bucky's programming had reactivated. He had to get out and make sure his team was alright.
But this... Loki Odinson. The worst case of abuse she had every seen or heard of. It was as if every single thing she ever encountered was applied to this single person. She could not imagine how anyone could have gone through that without going insane. The list she had made was seemingly endless.
Steve walked over and looked at the card attached. "From Tony, to Steve." Was all it said in Tony's messy scrawl.
Their dates were calm, slow, some would even say boring. Alas, with a life as hectic as theirs, boring was perfect.
Natasha glared at Clint when he wanted to grab the last few slices and spoke up. "Loki only had one slice. So before you shove your face full, you might want to let him have a chance for dinner first." The redhead said coldly before sliding the last pizza to Loki with a small smile.
Of course it had been a factor, but it wasn't the main trigger. It wasn't what made Tony toss the entire content of his bar through the drain. Oh no, that had been something much more life changing.
There was a small voice in the back of his mind nagging that Coulson was different, that he would just get food. He quickly pushed the spark of pathetic hope away.
Tony just grinned like the world didn't matter. "High and dandy suit-man. We still on for tomorrow?" The hyper engineer asked while Bruce rolled his eyes amused.
Without even thinking, Tony shot the bot as he flew forwards as fast as he could. The laser hit him on his side, pain blossoming along his entire chest, the armour pierced and alarms blasting. The suit was unable to lose speed in time and slammed against a wall.
Jarvis gladly aided the two men, seemingly happy they were taking action, though somehow eerily cold towards them. They opened all security feeds in Tony's room and the ones surrounding it. And then they watched the last ten minutes before Tony left.
"I was just- Daddy, when can we finish the robot dog?" The too clever six year old asked, and Tony just knew the kid was pouting.
Anyway, you couldn't blame Tony for flinching. Not when everything seemed so bright and the world was spinning a little. "I'm fine Steve." Maybe he was slurring a little. He might have had a few drinks. And even he knew the combination of no sleep, alcohol, and caffeine was not healthy.
Ah. That explained the confusion. "It is not too bad. I walked to school yesterday. I am able to walk to the shower."
The older man cleared his throat and thanked Loki, creating surprise on his expression once more. He began unloading the food, he had basically ordered a little bit of everything, but his head shot up when he catched a soft whisper.
"I promise. I know I can say that it will never happen, but that won't help you. Time will tell that I'm in this for the long run. And so for now, I promise I will tell you." Steve answered dutifully.
Steve grins relieved and pulls Tony closer for another soft kiss. "Haven't you heard? I'm a much bigger fan of red and gold."
They expected more fights? Maybe he was still missing something. Well, if Steve even considered taking him back, he wouldn't argue again of course. Tony would just have to agree with everything.
Tony seemed almost shy as he peaked around the corner. When he saw Steve he froze, and so the blond gave a soft smile, not wanting to startle the cursed man.
Tony blinks in surprise before carefully asking, "So... You're not gathering up the courage to kick me off the team?"
"Loki, who?" Bruce asked as he rolled his own sleeve back down. He had a good idea as to who, but please... Let it be someone else... Not...
His reply was cut short by Bruce pointing down at the ground below. "Guys, look." He mumbled while pointing to two figures walking through the gates.
"I care for you Tony. We all do." Steve whispers back, revelling in the soft warmth of the brunette. "It was a prank. Clint and Thor faked the hammer. No one can lift it. Aside from Thor. You're not unworthy Tony. It's the opposite really, you're a good man."
Loki only briefly struggled, but it hurt his aching body too much. And so he ended up following with his head hung.
Bruce nodded and told Loki to come by after classes to say hi. Which was basically stating he wanted to know how things went. Then the brunette left and Phil grabbed two cups, putting them on the desk before turning the water boiler on. Once the tea was ready, and Loki was holding the cup between thin hands, he did feel calmer than ever before on the school grounds.
Another moment of silence until Steve finished and put the rest of the supplies back in the kit. When he stood up and headed for the door, Tony cleared his throat.
), they were lead by a sorcerer. And while he was defeated, he cursed Tony during their fight. No one quite knew what the curse did until Tony suddenly woke up looking like he did.
They immediately rushed in, Steve was unsure about following, but Pepper dragged him along. Not even a minute later they were back at the penthouse and standing in Tony's room.
Natasha hummed softly while looking at her hand of useless cards. "All in." She muttered before pushing her remaining pile of candy to the middle. "And, we shouldn't interfere. He has done so much for us. He deserves.his privacy. Besides, he has Steve to help him."
A minute later the beast was sitting on the couch while Steve carefully wrapped his hand after disinfecting it. That had been interesting since Tony had actually growled at him and the PA had just raised an unimpressed eyebrow.
Bruce looked surprised for only a moment, that actually made a shockingly amount of sense. "That's not an excuse. He can't do this Loki." Adopted or not, everyone deserved a safe home. Bruce had learnt that now.
After their blissful honeymoon phase where they made the other Avengers sick with their constant making out everywhere, small arguments happened. It was never anything serious or big. Just arguing briefly over socks left on the floor or snoring at night.
He had even managed to squeeze in a cooking class and actually made a Christmas dinner without setting fire to the kitchen.
Instead of smirking, Tony smiled softly and apologised. "I muted Jarvis, I didn't mean to miss anything important. Was there a mission?"
The soldier had broken five punchings bags in the last hour. Five bags designed by Tony to not break.
The first thing Phil noticed was the terror in the boy's voice as soon as he spoke. But the second thing was the way he told the story. He didn't say someone hit him, probably a fater figure, because of disobedience. He specifically told the story as if he was to blame. So definitely mental abuse. "Do you think coming home late justifies getting a blue eye?" Phil asked calmly, not judging or expecting a certain answer, just patiently waiting for what Loki would say.
It took years for everything to be settled completely, but Peter was his. And so Tony Stark did what no one thought he could do; he changed.
Loki's first instinct was one of terror, again. He couldn't get an academic scholarship! Odin would break him if he somehow seemed better than Thor! But then it slowly dawned upon the young man that, if he lived somewhere else, Odin could no longer harm him.
The dark haired student had quickly looked down when Thor entered, his thin arms wrapped around his chest as he tried to appear as small as possible in the wheelchair. Loki wasn't surprised by the conclusion Thor had formed, at all. After all, that would be logical. As Loki stayed silent and Fury glared at Thor, Phil spoke up. "No, Loki did not get into a fight. He is in a wheelchair because his ankles are injured, and he most definitely did nothing wrong. Now sit down mister Borson, there is a lot that needs to be discussed..."
"I... I'm allowed in the car? But... There are o-only t-two seats." That would mean he would sit next to Phil... He was supposed to sit in the back. On an old towel or a newspaper, and that was if he was allowed in the car.
Steve huffed as he pushed the engineer into the bed. "Even if you would, he wouldn't even look twice at you. I mean, look at you, pathetic."
Visiting her was the only change that stuck. After discussing everything with Steve, Tony decided he did want to talk to a shrink. After all, that hadn't been behaviour healthy and he knew it.
Tony sipped from his coffee, humming content at the bitter taste. "Okay but that's like, a forty minute train ride?"
Steve just blinked surprised. "I- This wasn't what I expected." He admits honestly, trying not to freak out.
Luckily it wasn't hard to find and after a brief talk, which had Steve trembling in his seat, he was officially hired as someone's P.A.
Two months ago, his little brother came to school as well. Horrible grades and absolutely not athletic, it was obvious the younger Odinson got in on money alone. He always drove to school with Thor, walked on the school grounds together, and then they parted ways. Thor would come bother them, and the small kid would disappear.
"Perfect. Buy the penthouse and have it put on Steve's and Bucky's name. Oh, and get that young designer girl who did the tower to decorate it. No limit on the budget."
His mother's list was simply Alcohol, Reputation, Parties. Tony wasn't even on it. Or maybe he made spot twelve, just below Clothing.
"Office 12-01, V. Potts." Steve read out loud as he stood outside the massive SI tower. He had a meeting with his new boss in half an hour, and all he had was a note with a name and an office number.
"The worst were the showers. After Afghanistan... I showered as quick as possible. Water hitting my face is just... not- not good. He'd make me stand under the cold shower for ages. Kick me out when I would get a panic attack."
He almost got a panic attack at the thought of someone knowing that he was working. That he was smart.
"Aye, I miss my Iron Shield brother! But he finds great value in his work. Perhaps that is where he is the happiest!" Thor exclaimed before heading to the livingroom carrying a large stack of plates and cutlery.
Loki just weakly shook his head. "He can. He gives me a roof over my head, he feeds me, he pays for a school I do not deserve, he clothes me. And all I have to pay is some... Anger release. It is better than being homeless." He whispered in a tone that suggested he was only trying to convince himself.
Because even Steve, who was often teased by his lack of knowledge on pop culture and gossip, knew who Tony Stark was. Everyone knew the story of how he returned from Afghanistan and shut down the weapon branch of Stark Industries, how he disappeared after his tower was completed and never was seen by anyone ever again. And yet, designs kept coming. Patents kept appearing. Someone in SI was still creating mind blowing tech under at least a dozen different names.
Jarvis ranked him pretty high as well. There, right below his own family and friends, stood Tony. And the kid was content with that spot. It was the highest he had ever ranked for anyone.
He wasn't worthy. If there was any proof for it, this was it. Everyone in the team was considered worthy, they were good people. Except for him. He was the black sheep, the rotten apple.
She knew Banner from Maths class and, through her, the four met. Eventually that lead to both Stark and Banner getting meetings with Phil as well, making his schedule rather full.
Steve frowned lightly, this was pretty odd after all. However, he wasn't one to complain, and it was probably just some secret investor who needed a hand but didn't want anyone to know he existed. "Alright, then I would like to sign the agreement."
Tony takes a deep breath and takes a step forward, ignoring the worried looks of Natasha and Steve, the confused look of Bruce, and the grins of Thor and clint.
Bucky blinked a few times and gently raised Tony's hand to place a soft kiss on his knuckles. "Good, because I don't want to go..."
My favourite chapter in some ways, and the most angsty one so far, will be the next one. And I promise I won't wait as long with posting it.
By the time Tony was finally released from medical he had broken and repaired every little part of technology in the room. Including one very eventful day where he had taken apart his heart monitor causing several alarms to go off.
My arms are grabbed and my rapport card is shoved in my hands. While I'm forced to look at the horribly low numbers before me, father pulls out a knife from his shaving blade, and cuts a few long but shallow lines along my wrists. It hurts so much. And I can't help a few whimpers and tears from escaping.
It was Natasha who brought the four together, she was the adopted daughter of the principal. After one abusive home after the other, she ended up with him. It worked out.
I should have gone home sooner, but I wasn't finished with my homework yet. Thor is still angry at me, so I will have to walk home again.
Thor was a blond football jock, with less braincells than a goldfish. He and Steve used to hang out when they still both played the same sport. And even though Steve didn't actually like Thor, he was too kind to tell him that. Besides, Thor was so clueless he didn't notice the hints everyone dropped.
While waiting for one of those meetings to start, Steve met Clint. Clint was at school with a scholarship for his archery. But he was at the councilor at order of the director of the school, Fury.
"Don't say that Steve, he'll come around eventually. Let's just enjoy Christmas eve." Bruce said as he opened the oven and smiled contently at the giant turkey inside. It would barely be enough to feed the current company. With one demigod and one supersoldier they would need all of the massive bird.
Technically they could easily have Odin arrested, but that would mean that Loki had to give a testimony. And Phil wouldn't ask that of him yet. Healing first, everything else could wait.
Thor looked heartbroken as he put an arm around her shoulder to try and comfort her. "I am so sorry lady Potts, the love of a friend or relative will not release the curse. Only the truest of love can prevail."
Odin always cuts me as if I did it myself, he says a useless kid like me won't ever be believed. Everyone will think I only want attention.
At Steve's shocked expression she quickly elaborated. "He's a genius but often forgets to eat or sleep. You have full permission to drag him out of his workshop and shove some Chinese food down his throat."
Barton suddenly wasn't that hungry anymore. The sight of the student looking absolutely terrified to accept the food made his stomach churn and his throat clog up.
Apparently it hadn't pleased Steve, since he pulled a sour face. "Yes, well, aside from the typing error which I'm sure will be fixed without an issue. That's not why I'm here. When I started here, you said I worked for you. Not for Tony. And he wouldn't be able to fire me. And yet, he did. Out of nowhere. I'd like to know why."
Barnes was amazing. He was charming and funny, handsome and a surprisingly good baker. So of course Tony fell for the other soldier as well.
This time when he slowly opened his eyes he was still sitting up partly and the lights were comfortably dimmed. There was only one person in the room this time, Tony was mostly startled someone bothered to stay.
Bruce went to Betty, Clint to his farm together with Natasha and Phil, Thor was up in Asgard, and Tony... Well, Tony celebrated as he does every year; alone.
Bruce is quickly growing bored with the repetition of the same discussion they've been having for a week now. "Look Tony, talk to the guy. I don't care how, just
Four teenagers were sitting on the edge of the school's roof. Their legs dangling over the edge while chatting with each other and watching the other students down on the ground.
"Bucky?" Ah... There was Bucky... Kneeling by his side shouting orders while ripping the suit off to access the wound on his chest.
"It is but a curse of love. The cure is so simple! I cannot believe I have missed it! Mother would be most displeased with my lack of thought."
"Mister Rogers." The CEO greeted surprised. She didn't know exactly what happened between him and Tony, but she could guess. Tony cared for Steve, so he had chased him away, like he had tried to do with her and Rhodey.
Steve's voice was heard in the distance, calling for Peter. "I have to go daddy, uncle Steve promised to help me build a spaceship." And with that, silence returned.
"Until we can have your stuff picked up, you'll need some basics. I'm going to get some groceries for the weekend, make yourself at home. You can watch a movie or whatever you want. I'll be back before dinner." Phil explained calmly as he already made a mental list from what they would need.
So maybe the blond couldn't follow his dreams, but he could still work hard. And so it wasn't long before he got promoted.
She had a point. Tony was dying anyway. The only risk was Steve's heart. And he was more than willing to sacrifice it for Tony.
Where he had expected someone with a grow defect or maybe a weird skin disease, this would never have crossed his mind. Another thing standing out, was the blue light emitting from his chest, bright and flickering slightly.
After she just moved in, she immediately noted that Tony seemed to be wearing his masks full-time around them. She brushed it away as unimportant. After all, Stark was a distrusting figure. He probably needed time to truly trust his teammates outside of battle.
Thor was running after him, quickly catching up. Making sure to keep his eyes down Loki turned to Thor. "I'm sorry." He whispered in advance, he probably did something bad again.
Bruce got challenged next and the scientist agreed after a bit if prompting. "Alright guys, but don't expect too much..."
"Hey guys, Nat, Legolas." The engineer wore his usual smirk and sunglasses, the ones he usually only used for press conferences. He spread his arms and welcomed them in their new home.
What seems like an eternity later, Bucky busted through the door. Clint nodded and stepped aside so the soldier could rip the bathroom door off its hinges.
Silence fell heavy within the room, but Natasha seemed determined. "We are going to fix this. Now, we already tried asking Friday, but she's been silenced. How will we find out for sure what's going on?" She asks out loud while thinking of an answer to her own question.
The final drop was a stack of paperwork being delivered to the tower claiming he and Bucky now owed a luxury penthouse in Brooklyn. If this was Tony breaking up with him, it sucked.
Clint frowned, still hidden in the vents. Why did Tony believe this shit? If Steve was truly hurting him, why would Tony believe that the others knew?
Peter frowned a little, which was adorable but also a little worrying. "Misses Jackie says I can read in the next group." The kid muttered while breaking pieces off his bread.
I always make my homework at school. Then I have the time to do it properly. I hide it in my locker, and I don't always hand it in. Not when there is a chance on extra credit. I cannot afford to up my grades.
Tony snapped out of his thoughts too late. Clint was falling off a building that the swarm of birds had attacked and Iron Man was too late!
The genius rolled over to Steve's side and breathed in his smell from the still warm pillows. Apparently the Captain had stayed longer than Tony had thought, or maybe he just hadn't slept that long.
Stark mutters a soft thank you, slips into the big Shield sweater that once belonged to Steve before Tony stole it, and walks to the kitchen to make some coffee.
Once in the office, Loki only tensed up further and Coulson looked worried. If only the student could figure out why, there was nothing to be worried about.
Clint made an intensely sad noise and curled up against Natasha, while Bruce was shaking again. Tony comforted Bruce this time while Steve shook his head intently.
As soon as Thor finished his rant, he turned around and walked towards the college building. Everyone knew he was coming their way. But they were watching Loki far down. The raven haired boy was still standing in exactly the same position.
Tony thought he made Steve happy. He thought their relationship was going pretty good. Sure they had only been officially dating for a few months, but that didn't mean it wasn't serious.
Loki stayed silent for a long time, and just as Phil wanted to open his mouth to say something else, he spoke up. "Okay. Yes... Okay."
Steve swallowed thickly and kept walking, stopping again in the livingroom to take in the beautiful decorations and giant Christmas tree barren of any presents. Dammit.
Tony was curled up on the couch in the common area about five weeks later. His hair wet and dripping while hid hands shook terribly.
It took Phil a lot of patience and a calming voice to remind Loki that no one here would judge him for his intelligence. He was safe. He wouldn't be punished for showing his brain.
Tony's face fell slightly and he stared at the mug in his hands. "Yeah, they've been working on it for years now. I doubt anything will pop up soon. Guess I'll be stuck with furballs for a while longer." The genius jokes bitterly, making Steve grimace.
Just as he started fidgeting and opened his mouth to make an excuse to leave, Thor walked in with a huge grin holding his hammer up.
Tony knew there would be talking later, which he didn't like. And makeup sex, which he very much liked. And Steve would probably make a point about Tony's insecurities. There would probably be tears involved.
He still felt scared though. "I... I can't..." He whispered shocked, scared, terrified. "Where would I live?"
Clint handed the papers to Phil, and Loki fought to keep those filthy tears inside. He succeeded, he hadn't cried in years.
"You'll be working a few floors up, so allow me to walk you there as I explain some more." The new CEO of SI said calmly.
The arm was first of all, very very skinny. Then there was an angry red, marking the pale skin. Rather fresh scratches were framed by dark bruises. They were obviously untreated and a few of them already looked too red and swollen. Underneath them were thin scars, Bruce recognised those all too well from Clint's arms.
Iron Man flew around shooting the swarm of big fat birds, ignoring Clint's comments about Angry Birds.
Clint looks down at his feet and clears his throat softly. "It's my fault. Me and Thor had been having a prank war. Eventually we came to a tie and wanted to prank someone else together. Tony's been so distant, we thought it might bring him around if we just teased him a bit. It... got out of hand."
The Captain's eyes widened, he almost choked on a pained noise, and gently took Tony's hand in his. "Tony... I love you so much... I always will... And I am so sorry I haven't made that more clear lately. I... I wanted... I didn't want anyone to get hurt. Because I love you both
Next to him was a boy with brown messy hair and a smug grin, he was telling funny stories to make his friends laugh, and flirt with his boyfriend. The stories were mostly about things he did while drunk before meeting his friends. He was filthy rich and his name was Anthony Edward Stark.
So as time passed, Steve divided the days into three groups. The Normal days; feed the guy, make him nap, go home. The Good days; listening to the enthusiastic engineer explain what he was doing and watching a crooked smile form, a rare spark of joy in his eyes. And lastly, Bad days. Days where Tony didn't want Steve close, would lock him out and ignore him.
"Oh baby... but why not? We would have been there for you. I would have... you wouldn't have had to be alone."
Loki carefully shook his head. "No, I'm a-adopted. We live in the same house, but we're not b-brothers." The student explained softly. He sounded defeated again, like in the library, empty and tired.
"I had to hand in my hours to miss Potts," Steve said to break through the silence. At Tony's questioning look he elaborated, "that's why I'm still here. I came to check up on you before going home. I'm glad I did."
It made Bruce a little nauseas, the defeat in the other boy's voice. The surrender, the emptiness. He needed help. Right now.
He dropped it without a word and walked to the kitchen. After turning the oven off, Tony turned and headed back down to the workshop.
Loki ate slowly, his eyes focusing on every abrupt movement. The food was disappearing quickly, mostly due to Steve and Clint who both burnt a lot of calories daily.
Because Steve hadn't realised Tony was sleeping badly until he found the genius dead on his feat, staring at his screen but not doing anything. That's when Jarvis informed him that he hadn't slept in roughly five days.
He swallowed thickly and looked at the new element he discovered. It would be the last big achievement of his life. He'd be gone soon and hopefully this would be one good thing he could leave behind.
Steve was about as red as a tomato while Tony stared with wide eyes at a very surprising Tumblr page.
After making some x-rays, it became obvious the boy had many untreated broken bones. It was a miracle he was still able to use his arms with all the injuries on and in them. And another gasp escaped her when she saw his ankles. They were big swollen and dark blue, obviously cracked and untreated. How the boy could walk despite the pain he must feel was a mystery.
Steve was shaking. "I messed up. I messed up. Oh god I messed up." He mumbled over and over again, his breathing speeding up, not enough air. There wasn't enough air!
He was apologising? That wasn't how things went... So Loki just blankly nodded, more in shock that in forgiveness.
Coulson was shocked by the quick changes in Loki's mood, they pointed to a depression that was naturally expected. Perhaps even PTSD... The student went from scared to panicked, to a sick form of calm.
"So your new job is classified... blink twice if you're in danger." The brunet whispered a little mockingly.
Clint very cleverly decides not to throw anything back at the redhead assassin and looks at Tony instead. "More like how he's being raised in a workshop with a screwdriver in his hand. Just like his dad." Barton points out, focusing back on the movie and not noticing the way Tony pales.
She had just left the room to get some more coffee downstairs, but really she needed a small break to pull herself together.
It worked a bit, Loki snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Steve with confusion. "It isn't... Normal?" He asked softly, scared.
Eyes widened and Bruce chuckled softly. "Should have seen that coming." He muttered amused while Thor clasped Steve's shoulder in congratulations.
Tony swallows thickly and shakes his head. "No. He- He snapped sometimes when I messed up. He taught me sparring. But I'm old and human. He's- He's so strong."
"Oh..." Tony muttered but didn't regret his choice. He wanted Steve and Bucky to be happy. That would be easier if both were in good health.
There was a ham in the oven, freshly baked cookies ready to be decorated. Tony had followed every cliché tradition so their Christmas could be perfect.
Oh well, he had done it for Steve. Had promised to take care of himself more. Had worked so hard to try and remember to eat, sleep, and not live on just coffee and alcohol. And look where it got him? Locked in a workshop with just robots and an AI to keep him company.
The door opened slowly to show a down dressed Phil. Instead of his usual suit he just wore a soft looking sweater and jeans. The man smiled softly and wished Loki a good morning before walking in carrying a plastic stool. A small frown appeared on his face as he took in Loki's wet hair. "You already showered?" He asked both worried and confused.
"Then why did he shut me out completely for the past three weeks?" Steve asks with a frown. "I miss him. But whenever I visited Malibu he would be hiding in the shop."
Tony did cut down Peter's workshop time. The kid could use some order in the chaotic life of the Avengers, so there were mostly set times during which father and son would work on fun projects together. Sometimes Bruce joined and they would make something science instead. Or Clint would show up and ask about something from a movie. The archer mostly whined about lightsabers, which,
Tony had fucked up again. He was just punishing him as usual when... Bucky... yes, Bucky had walked in and dragged him away. Natasha had tased him. They probably hadn't realised what was going on then.
Steve smiles sadly and looks down at Tony in his too big sweater. "I wish you had told me when I called yesterday, but I understand why you didn't."
This woman looked at the scared student with interest and a hint of worry. His mother never looked him in his eyes. He knew that she was well aware of what happened down in his room, but she just ignored him. He wasn't worth her attention. And this strange woman looked at him as if he was.
No he actually stuck around even after his disastrous bad days. Honestly, after scaring the poor guy out of the workshop, Tony had totally expected to get a call from Pepper saying Steve quit. But no. He still showed up the next day with his bagels.
"It's about- well-" Tony scratched through the long fur on his neck and sighed. "You've clearly caught on to my, well, bad days? And I wanted to explain it. And apologise."
They walked to a bright and clean office at the east wing, Loki still curled in on himself as much as possible.
Finally on the far left, was another blond. A guy with muscular arms and a bow slung over his shoulder. He grinned at the jokes, made crude comments to try and make Steve blush, and threw everything within hand reach against Tony's head. His name was Clinton Francis Barton.
Just as Loki turned his wheelchair around and wanted to roll out of the kitchen, Phil walked in with boxes of pizza piled together.
Bruce saw him tug his bag closer to himself. And the squad watched the boy hurry away a few minutes later.
Said engineer looked up from his work, dark marks under his eyes betraying his fatigue, his brown eyes dull and glazed over. "Mmm?"
Bucky showed up at Natasha's door one evening, looking both angry and nervous, sad and upset. "Natalia... I- I think Stevie... Steve isn't the same person anymore. I barely recognise him. And Tony-" The normal stoic soldier had to take a deep breath to calm his voice. "Tony seems to get hurt more often than anyone." The last sentence was a whisper. As if sharing a secret he was afraid to share.
"Hey there point break, what brings you back to earth?" So Thor was back, and the first thing he said after crashing through a window was making Tony feel woozy.
"Oh hell no. This isn't your fault. And I won't let you take the blame. I liked you spending time in the workshop. Like a lot. Those moments were all that got me through the day. And it was already happening Bucky. For months at least. There was nothing anyone could have done to stop it. I just messed up. That's all."
Steve would almost always be there, just sitting in the corner drawing, jumping in on their conversations at times and watching Peter when Tony had to focus.
Tony takes a sip of coffee, sighing and pulling his shirt aside to look at the blue gem in his chest, dimmed and dull and flickering on and off randomly. "Let's hope so."
"We will keep an close eye on both Steve and Tony." She decided after a minute of thought. "If we notice anything odd, we'll talk to Tony."
But for now, he would have a roof above his head. Loki was still in the wheelchair, not being allowed to walk until the swelling of his ankles went away. And the only things he had were the supplies in his schoolbag and locker.
"No! Steve... I swear... I would never..." Tony's pleads fell on silent ears while the Captain kept pushing Tony into their shared room.
He focused back on Pepper when she cleared her throat. "I know I already warned you, but please keep calm. Whatever it is you think he's going to look like, you'll be wrong." She seemed serious and a little worried, and so Steve nodded.
It didn't take long to find Steve, he was sitting on the balcony of what used to be their floor, sketching.
Tony just stared with his mouth slightly open, half drugged and completely confused. "I had a higher chance of surviving... The suit-" he started but got interrupted by a soft voice coming from his other side.
Yeah he had worked hard throughout his life, but no one else saw it like that. And rightfully so. Pulling a forty hour working spree to finish a new design was hardly comparable with people working three jobs to support their children.
They're watching television now. I've moved to the bed, I can't listen to them laugh and enjoy themselves any longer. Besides, Thor was just telling father about his friends taking an interest in me. That can't be good.
He tried to open his eyes but quickly closed them with a small groan, the bright light above him hurt his head even more. Damn.
Bruce just puts his tea down and raises an eyebrow at the pouting genius, and he was pouting no matter what he claimed. "Tony, did it ever occur to you that the man needs some time to process that one of his friends and one of his colleagues are the same person?"
"Stevie, stop beating your knuckles bloodily and take a few deep breaths." Barnes tried to calm the Captain for what felt like the hundredth time. "Why don't we ask Jarvis for some footage? Maybe we can figure out why he left."
Student loans, combined with massive medical bills, forced the aspiring artist to work at a boring 9 to 5 office job. It wasn't all bad, his best friend was working at the same company and their bills were being paid. Then again, Steve hoped that there was more to life than getting coffee and making copies of boring reports for his boss. Even though miss Carter was nice to work for, his tasks tended to be unbearably dull.
His heart was aching, his head throbbing, he felt like absolute shit. "Jarvis?" God his voice was all cracked and pitiful. "Where's Steve?"
"He's... he's really different Nat. Like, he's jittery. And flinches too often. I'm a bit worried." The archer told her one evening as they played cards on the floor, surrounded by empty candy wrappers.
Tony cuts the feed off again quickly and stumbles out of bed. Tears stream down his face, damn he's pathetic. He knew this was coming since he started dating Steve. One day the Captain would realise he could get better and leave. Tony had just hoped... Foolishly hoped it wouldn't be like this. He guessed it was for the best.
Loki was looking at his own arm with hollow eyes. "I don't have cigarette burns. He doesn't smoke." Was all he whispered.
Actual glass bottles. Tony always ordered them because he knew it made Steve feel a bit more at home.
But I have gotten pretty good at making breakfast, so I didn't make any mistakes this morning. I hate making mistakes, burning food is the worst. Burns really hurt.
Coulson nodded and got up. "That would be now, follow me." He wanted to get this done quickly. If it was up to him, Loki would never return to that house again.
That's when Jarvis spoke up. "Sir's vitals are getting worse. It appears his heart is giving in." The AI sounded uncharacteristically panicked and already opened the elevator doors for the three present people.
The student rolled his chair quickly to the kitchen and grabbed the pasta from the fridge, setting it on the table and rolling out of the way. His hands were nervously twitching in his lap. The What-if's buzzing around his mind. Loki closed his eyes and hoped. Hoped that Phil would like the food. Hoped that he wouldn't be thrown out yet. Hoped that for once he could rest without fear of Odin walking in.
It was the first thing Bruce had heard him say, and it was a plead not to hurt him. This was definitely not good. Something was very wrong. The signs were there, and all of them feared something was going on with Loki. Maybe it was time they tried finding out what.
Loki actually whimpered this time, curling up tightly and shaking in terror. He didn't want to go home. He didn't want to face Odin. He wouldn't survive. Or worse, he would survive only to be tormented another day.
About three long hours later a Quinjet was landing on Tony's private beach. Steve came running out while the engines were still running and climbed the stairs up to the mansion at record speed.
Tony looked horrible. His breathing was quick and shallow, his fur was wet with sweat. The gem in his chest was barely emitting any light, and soft pained moans escaped him.
When he walked into the kitchen only Bruce and Natasha were there, both surprised but not both showing it.
Phil knew he had to be very careful with what he said now, he didn't want to scare Loki off after all. "Loki, there is something I should have told you before, but unless I directly ask you to do something, you do not have to cook or clean. Or do any chores for that matter. I should have said so before leaving, and I apologise for the misunderstanding." Coulson spoke calm but clear, watching the fear morph into shame and change into confusion on the student's face.
The student had been nervous about the principal being here, convinced that Fury would never believe anything. It was quite the opposite actually. Nick had only read the essay, looked at the report from Pepper, and nodded.
This time when Tony opened his eyes he could make out two silhouettes, one at each side. Steve on his right, Bucky on his left, both holding his hand carefully and looking damn worried.
Bucky rested a hand on Tony's, stilling his movements and looking into those gorgeous brown eyes. "Because you're worth it Tony."
He never meant to force Peter down the workshop. Didn't want to force him to work day in day out to become the perfect engineer, like Howard had done to him. But what if he had done exactly that? What if Peter would grow up hating him for pushing him into his footsteps? Tony doubted he could live with his son hating him.
After grabbing a bottle of scotch, Tony headed to bed. He was done with the day. Done with the holiday.
Steve noticed first and poked an elbow in Tony's side to make him see. The two shared a glance and Steve quickly sat down on the couch beside Loki.
Any second now. Any second he could be called a liar and sent home. Father would be so angry... And Loki was already so tired. And his body hurt so much. He didn't know why he kept trying. He had nothing left to fight for. Nobody would miss him...
As he walked through the halls towards his class that would start in fifteen minutes, he saw Bruce and his friends. He almost said hello, but then he saw Thor, so he quickly turned his gaze to the floor, clutched his bag close, and walked past as quietly as possible.
It hurts. As usual. My skin breaks in a few spots, that's the worst, that will get infected most likely.
Maybe that's why he never told anyone, maybe he did just want attention. Or maybe he just hoped Odin would cut too deep or hit too hard one day, doing what Loki was too afraid to do.
Steve enjoyed his new job. Not one day was the same and stopping Tony from blowing up the lab quickly became a specialty. That would be fun to put on his resume.
The student sat up and saw the time on the clock. It was only six in the morning. Normally Loki would get up to make breakfast around this time. But... Coulson's words echoed in his mind. Perhaps he did not have to make food.
He had the piece of paper prepared since he got named an official Avenger, knowing he would have to leave eventually.
I'm afraid I may have one again now, but at least I have three chapters to post for you all. Which I will do during Christmas break.
Bruce arrived a minute later, his glasses askew and a bag filled with books slung over his shoulder. "Tony and Steve are on their way." He mumbled softly before sitting down near Loki's wheelchair and pulling some books out. "I thought you might like something interesting to read. I didn't know what you liked, so I just got some of everything." The shy genius muttered while Loki stared in awe. No one had ever done anything like that for him.
But you all moved in... and you all... you told me how good Steve was for me. Even Fury said so. You were right, he was right. I don't deserve to be loved or cherished." He ended in a soft whisper, wanting to pull away even though his body ached for the soft touch Bucky provided.
I can hear the heavy footsteps coming down the stairs. The lights turn on and I'm blinded. The door is unlocked and Odin walks in.
to him. You're only upset that he has a secret he won't share. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm meeting Natasha for lunch."
"...disgusting. It's all your fault Loki. You're only trouble, father never should have taken you in. Useless, and now you're ruining my weekend. You can walk home. I don't want to see your worthless face again today."
Loki just nodded, keeping quiet as he listened to the older man speak. It was confusing not to know what was expected of him, but at least he would not have to sleep on the streets for now.
"There isn't. Who would want someone like me as their kid? And now I'm eighteen, I have nowhere to go. And I should be grateful for what I have. Thor was right, I cannot do a sport, and my grades..." He looked even more tense at that. "My grades are horrible. Without f-father his s-support I couldn't get a d-degree." The shaking had returned, worse than before, and Loki curled up in himself even tighter.
A plan had been formed. Natasha was sitting in the kitchen, sipping from a mug while reading some files.
The nearest screen lit up to show Tony's face. Everyone present had a few seconds to take in the exhausted appearance and the obviously drunken expression of their teammate before the video started.
His father had put Work on one, Reputation on two, Money on three, Friends on four. It went on like that for quite some time. Until finally Legacy at seventeen, and Tony at eighteen.
. "A bit out of hand? According to Friday, Tony has been drunk for the past week. Now, I'm going to fix this mess, and afterwards you're going to grovel. Understood?"
Clearing his throat that clogged up due to the emotion filling him, Loki quickly answered. "Yes sir, awake and ready." No one had ever cared about his privacy. And it would have been Coulson's right to walk in, it was his house after all. Loki felt a bit silly for being so happy with just a hint of kindness.
For a brief second the terror won and he sent a pleading look to Natasha, eyes filled with a mixture of fear and hope. His teammates would have to notice right?
Natasha and Clint were the first to arrive at the tower. Steve was off to a short mission, and Tony came to welcome them.
"Well, ehm, we need your help. Or actually, Loki needs your help. Like you helped us." The brunette answered. An intelligent boy, that Banner. With that last scentence he made sure Phil knew exactly what was going on, without straight up saying it. Informing, without creating an awkward environment.
Stark loved both Steve and Bucky, they both deserved to be happy. Maybe it wasn't that bad if he could watch the two men he loved be happy together. Only... Not yet.
Maria Hill closed the door behind them and stood beside Loki, she would make sure nothing happened to him.
Steve cupped Tony's cheek with a hand, brushing a tear away with his thumb and looking straight into those stunning eyes. "Tony, we all have blood on our hands. But you... you have cleaned them a long time ago. It wasn't your fault. Ultron wasn't your fault."
"I brought you a stool so you did not have to stand and wouldn't need my help. Did you walk to the shower?"
made. And when you started avoiding me I thought- well, it doesn't matter. I mean, if you only like the armour that's- that's okay. But I hope... I hope you might like the guy inside as well?" Despite Tony's hundreds of shields, there's a spark of hope burning in those brown eyes, staring at the Captain waiting for an answer.
Loki could hardly believe it, he stared down at the paper in his hands with tears in his bright green eyes.
It was a regular day for Tony when things changed. He had just put Peter to bed, they had worked on a robot dog together and almost got it to work. The boy had bargained for two stories in exchange for taking a bath, and Tony had grinned and complied. So the engineer exited his son's room with a sappy grin, a warm feeling in his chest that he always had when spending time with Peter. He considered going back to the 'shop to get some work done but decided he wanted to spend some time with the rest of his makeshift family instead. Mostly with Steve if he was honest with himself.
There was a brief knock on the door before it opened, a woman entered first. Loki recognised her as the head of security, miss Hill. After the stern looking woman, a confused looking blond entered.
The beast rolled his eyes and took another sip. "Anyway, why don't you just crash here in the weekends? We have some apartments set aside for staff. They're not huge, but I'm assuming it will be a lot easier to just walk up a few floors than to take the train every morning." Tony was clearly in a good mood, it must be one of his good days.
The genius tried to breath deeply as the suit wrapped around him and had Jarvis increase the level of oxygen in his suit.
Steve was too sweet, too kind and caring. With a heart the size of Manhattan. If Tony died, he would be hurt.
"Sir, I cannot recommend your involvement in this event. The oxygen levels in your blood are dangerously-"
Jarvis said he had a message from Steve, but Tony didn't want to hear it. Kind sweet Steve was probably just making sure Tony was alright after being dumped and he really didn't need to hear that right now.
My arms drip blood on the cold floor, and so does my back. The card is taken from me again and signed as is expected.
sorry Tony. I know it's so unprofessional, I just think that the armour is so beautifully made and it started as just sketches of the battles we fought but it kind of turned into something more and I'll take it all down I promise. I'm so sorry. It's just- It moves so gracefully for something made of metal. I could probably stare at it all day just moving. And I found this website with all these people who are fan as well and it's just so amazing and I can't believe you
The archer say down in the edge of her bed and ran a hand through his hair. "I wanted to grab something to eat. Saw him sitting in the common room. Thought he might want some company. He... Nat... I think he was in the middle of a panic attack while a fresh bruise was forming in his face. I asked him about it, he said it was a sparring accident."
It took a long time before Tony got back to them. By then, Coulson had already shown up with a few agents to take Steve away. They would worry about him later. Tony was more important.
The corner of Natasha's mouth twitched, which was basically her way of smiling, and Clint just rolled his eyes amused.
He grabbed some jars and pasta and set to cooking a nice pasta salad. It was the best he could do with the things he found in the fridge, and he could only hope it was good enough.
As Natasha narrowed her eyes at Clint's oddly enthusiastic response, Thor grinned back and started explaining.
I like the kids from that group but they're not in my class." He pouted. "Can't I just go to the other class daddy?"
He seemed less loud and more shy. Perhaps the relationship with Steve truly had changed him. After all, he didn't drink anymore, didn't sleep around, didn't party hard. He actually didn't go out at all unless it was necessary.
Looking down into those watery brown eyes, Steve felt himself lean down, brushing his lips against Tony's in a soft kiss.
Pepper had Work on one. Tony being on time was two. And Tony took that as a victory. Because it meant he was kind of high in Pepper's list.
Just an hour after asking if explaining things to Thor would be alright, some new people were present in the office. Loki was still seated in his wheelchair and now positioned besides Phil's desk, said man sitting on his spot behind the heavy wooden piece of furniture.
Apparently his shock was visible on his face, because Loki quickly grabbed his sunglasses and put them on. "Just leave me a-alone." He whispered as he looked away.
Bruce blinks a few times. "A prank? What- this wasn't the real hammer was it?" He asks annoyed, staring at Thor intensely.
Tony had nodded in acceptance and walked out of the conference room not quite realising what had happened yet.
Clint just whistled and grinned as Tony walked out like a man heading towards an execution, no one else commented.
And that's when it started. Thor had sat down, and Coulson started talking. First he had to figure out if Thor knew anything about the abuse going on. The genuine shock and surprise suggested that was a no.
Thor just looked sad but realised Tony didn't want to talk anymore so he said they would talk more tomorrow and left for his guest room a few floors below.
Iron Man flew off and was the first to arrive at the scene. Doombots. Fucking doombots. With an annoyed sigh, Tony started blasting away, avoiding hits, and basically distracting the robots from harming any civilians.
Bruce walked over as well and brushed his fingers along Steve's name welded into the fuel tank. "This must have taken him weeks to finish." The brunette mumbled before looking at Steve with piercing brown eyes.
Of fucking course it was. "What about him?" Tony couldn't help but turn on his defences as he walked to the kitchen, Steve following him. It stayed silent for a while. Tony turned around and glared at Steve. "Just tell me Rogers."
Tony opened a new file and typed a quick message. He couldn't cry anymore, but his heart ached as he added the note to the will for Steve to get after he died. He had already written similar notes to Pepper, Rhodey, and even Bruce and Thor.
He had been waiting for the moment. From the day he started dating Steve, people had been warning him not to hurt the Captain. Like he wasn't already terrified of doing that.
"Right. And that would be...?" the genius spoke as he headed to the bar to pour himself a drink. A situation so similar to the one he had with Loki, and yet so different. First of all, he wasn't as terrified. Secondly, it was a lot more difficult to pour a drink with his shitty claw hands.
The blond supersoldier almost drops the plate he is holding and turns around fast enough to give a regular guy a whiplash. "Tony! Oh, ehm, I was just-"
The engineer seemed shy and easily frightened. He flinched more often than ever, and the two assassins were worried for their friend.
"Like crap Cap." Tony said drily but cracked a small grin as he finally started to understand what had happened.
Loki nodded ever so softly, that didn't sound too bad. Normally he would have kept quiet and hidden away, but he was just so tired. He couldn't do this anymore. Maybe... Maybe if Odin got angry and kicked him out, he would be able to get a job and a place of his own...
After a moment's hesitation, Tony nodded. And so Steve headed to the kitchen to make them both some coffee. Tony gingerly sat down at the breakfast bar and immediately appeared a bit more at ease. Steve was glad the more familiar room helped calm the man down a little.
When his stomach grumbled in protest of only getting a few bites, Loki blushed and hoped no one had heard. There was no such luck.
." He repeated half slurred with sleep. It was hard to keep his eyes open but he had to explain. "Go to... to Bucky... You love him. He's your... number one." His eyes were closed now, his throat thick with emotion as he drifted off. "I love you both so much... Please... Go... Be... happy..."
By the time Tony came out of his workshop, it was 2 pm a day later. He was hungry, tired, and slightly tipsy.
that's not what I meant! I mean, no you are a hero Tony. Don't say that stuff about yourself. You're- You're a good man."
Dressed in cleaner and nicer clothes than he had ever worn and his ankles throbbing, Loki grabbed some books out of his tattered schoolbag and decided to make some homework he wouldn't hand in. Science was his favourite, together with physics. Those were the hardest to fail because he loved studying it.
Steve snapped out of his shock and nodded, handing the cup to Tony and sitting down for the first time since he left this morning.
It almost seemed to be pulled from an old movie, so perfect. Loki could barely believe it as they pulled in the driveway.
At least he could always count on Jarvis to catch him if he fell. The AI he had built himself. Yeah... That was probably it. He was number one for JARVIS because he had programmed him.
Suddenly feeling like a bucket of ice cold water got dumped on his head, Tony tugged a little harder this time before quickly letting go.
As always, Tony's worries were pushed aside when he laid eyes on the men he loved. The two gorgeous soldiers who were all his.
Steve relaxed just a little and grabbed Tony's hair, pulling him along to the bathroom. "However, you're still not behaving perfectly. I saw you looking at Natasha. She's not going to help you. And you have been spending time with Bucky again. You know what that means don't you Stark?"
That's when Bucky snapped. He promised Tony he wouldn't kill Steve. He promised Coulson he wouldn't punch him.
The blond gets startled when he hears something fall on his right, turning around and almost screaming when Tony is standing right before him. As is, he clasps his chest and breaths deep. "Tony, sorry, you startled me."
Months passed and the press slowly moved on. Months turned into years and aside from the occasional person wondering what happened to the billionaire, the world moved on.
Steve didn't understand what Tony meant, and the billionaire just had to tell the Captain before he wasted more time on his ex. "No... You don't have to stay with
The CEO took a breath and kept her eyes on the elevator door as she answered. "As you know, mister S- Tony's health has been... Questionable at best. It appears he had been getting worse lately."
It turned out that "somewhere safe" was Coulson's own home. It would only be temporary. Until they found him another place to stay.
He could feel anger coursing through his veins but carefully pushed it back down, now was not the time. He had to check Loki's state first.
Tony kept his distance, not wanting to interrupt, and both Nat and Clint realised they wouldn't find out anything while Steve and Tony were apart all the time.
Loki paled and started to shake slightly, Barton was reading it. No. Nobody was allowed to know how worthless he was. No.
Steve wanted to look for Bucky. And naturally Tony agreed, he offered all the help he could and enjoyed the very rare moments he had left with Steve.
Bucky kept whispering soft words to calm the trembling engineer. Kind reassurances. Shy promises. "You're perfect Tony. And I'll never let anyone say otherwise ever again."
There was a small part of me that hoped you guys would notice, that Steve was wrong, that I didn't deserve a hit so now and then to keep me focused.
Natasha starts cursing in Russian again while Steve walks off towards the lab, praying he can get to Tony before the engineer does anything stupid.
I can hear them eat and talk when I sit near the door at the bottom of the stairs. My door is locked, and the lights are out. So I'm writing this with a flashlight I have hidden here.
If he would find this essay, he would kill me. I'm certain. I should rewrite it like a normal day. From a normal person, not a freak like me.
"That's what happens, with adopted kids, they know their own parents didn't want them, and their adopted parents have a child of their own, so they try anything to get attention." Thor said to a tear faced Loki and a shocked set of adults. "Loki... Stop this madness and come home. What would father say-"
The sound of something breaking broke the silence, coming from what Steve thought would be the kitchen.
Tony felt cold dread spread through his chest. Oh god. What if Peter asked Steve to take him away? What if Peter hated him? Or wasn't happy? Or- shit.
On the other side of the room, at Coulson's right, was the principal. It was a man that terrified Loki at the same time as making him feel safe. The dark skinned, in leather clad, serious looking male, kept his one eye firmly set on the door. Nicolas Fury was a force to be reconned with.
"Ah, the magic of the curse does offer some clues. Most victims speak of odd dreams and desires fuelled by pure instinct." Thor explained and frowned when Steve took a step back in shock.
Phil Coulson was a very observant man, which made him very good at his work. He looked from a slightly distressed and worried Bruce, to an unknown student who screamed issues.
Coulson cleared his throat and the woman present turned around wearing a warm and pleasant smile. She was clothed in sharply pressed white garbs, making it easy to recognise her as nurse, and her strawberry blond hair was tied back in a tight bun. Something about her made Loki relax just the tiniest amount, she simply felt... Calm. Collected. It was impossible to imagine her losing her temper. In a strange way it reminded Loki a little of his mother.
There had been a brief moment of complete terror when Tony realised he was going home. After all, what if Steve and Bucky had only stuck by him out of pity? Or because they didn't want to give him bad news while in the hospital? What if they would leave him as soon as he had healed up?
He appeared tense and nervous which only worsened as Steve walked in. The Captain greeted Natasha kindly and rested a hand on Tony's shoulder. "You should get some sleep. Come on Tony."
Steve shook his head and swallowed thickly. "He didn't buy this." The Captain said with dread heavy in his stomach.
Hope you liked it :) please leave a comment below to show your support, and feedback is always welcome :*
Peter loved playing with the robots, loved helping his dad out and learning about mechanical stuff. The only thing he loved more were bugs. Peter really loved bugs. Life was pretty good for the little kid.
Said student was keeping his eyes down, his hair hiding his face, and his fingers fumbling with his sleeve. Clearly uncomfortable.
A few silent tears mixed with the water on his face and his lip bled slightly from where he had been biting it so roughly, fighting to keep silent.
He took a long bath first, the shower in the workshop only went as far, shaved, and got dressed in some newer jeans and a nice white plain shirt. No holes, no old band logos.
The AFA shared a look and made a silent promise. They would help their schoolmate. Help him heal, no matter how long it took. He was one of them after all.
Jarvis opened the door without delay and the slightly panicked soldier immediately headed for the master bedroom, hoping Tony actually made it to bed.
Natasha easily heard the order in the blonde his voice and kept her eyes trained on Tony's expression. The engineer swallowed thickly and nodded, hands shaking slightly as he put the bag of fruit he was eating away. "Goodnight Natasha."
There was a time where Tony's petty crush on Steve made him feel a bit brighter. Right now? He felt disgusting.
Odin is angry. Thor and mother think it is because of the low grades, but I know it's because I have one grade higher than Thor's.
Steve had only stepped out for a few minutes to talk to Bucky, and when he got back, Tony was gone. Jarvis was under command not to tell them where he was unless there was an emergency, and all attempts at contact were blocked.
The four guys were sitting on the roof as they did every Monday, cherishing the moment before another week to fight through. Natasha appeared beside Clint, scaring the shit out of Tony.
Steve raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms defensively while facing Bucky's anger. "I don't know what he told you, but it really wasn't that bad. He had to be kept in line. Everyone knew it. I just did what no one else had the guts for. And I never raped him, we're in a relationship. You can't rape someone while in a relationship."
Water started running and Tony's pleading stuttered as his breathing apparently sped up. A loud slap was heard and Clint closed his eyes for a second to stop himself from shooting something.
But he had dragged it on for too long. So what if he hadn't had a hug from anyone but Pepper and Rhodey in years? So what if Steve smiled at him whenever he walked in? So what if Tony's heart felt just a little warmer whenever Steve was near?
"There is someone who can help. He is still helping me and my friends, he can never tell anyone anything without your permission. He is safe." Bruce said softly. "I can introduce you right now if you want?" He suggested as he rested his hand on Loki's shoulder once more.
It all hurts so much. The words spewed during the slight beating that followed the cuts spin around in my head. It's always the same. I should be grateful.
"I am not certain... The tales merely mention dreams of desire and love." Thor looked very confused, and Pepper looked up with a frown.
Barton rubs the back of his head and shrugs. "Just a prank Steve. No need to get your panties in a twist."
"Miss Potts, I have a student who needs a full physical exam. With documentation." Coulson said and shared a look with the  nurse who immediately understood what was implied. She held the door open to her examination room and smiled softly at Loki. "Come on in, we'll get this over with as soon as possible."
But Loki didn't comment as he simply nibbled on his one slice, he would never ask for more food. Just the thought of it made his cheek sting with phantom pain.
Tony became Iron Man and had Peter stay with his Great-aunty Peggy in England for a while during the massive alien invasion. They skyped every day, but it wasn't the same. Tony missed his little boy.
Natasha may claim the contract safe and pretty basic, but Bucky stood by his claim that she was a spy, so she couldn't be trusted. Anyway, Bucky was suspicious. Why would some random secretary suddenly get promoted to some secret rich boss? It made no sense.
It was a long shot but better than watching the man he loved break down while the other had vanishes into nothing. Steve paused beating the bag for a moment and nodded briskly. At least they could try.
It took a few hours before the door flew open. Steve was on his feet within a second and froze when he saw Bucky standing there looking furious. Steve quickly realised something was really wrong. After all, the Winter Soldier didn't show emotion, including anger. This was pure Bucky looking very pissed off.
Steve fumbles with the plate that's now cracking a little under the strong hands tightening their hold on it. "Oh, yes, what-" He clears his throat. "What do you want to talk about?"
"No please Bucky. This isn't your fault. I could have gotten out. He would have let me go." Tony whispers pained. "I just couldn't."
"When I told you to go, I meant from the room at that moment. I needed a bit of time to think and get my thoughts straight. I had to separate my view as your Captain from my emotions as your boyfriend. Next thing I know you've locked yourself away and Jarvis won't let me in."
Get a shrink, check. Stop drinking, check. Stop flirting, he could totally do that. What else... He'd have to be nicer, work harder, make time for Steve a lot, and follow orders.
And that answer made Bruce's heart clench. Because it was exactly what he had told teachers a thousand times. Walked against a door, fell down the stairs, had a bicycle accident... While in reality they were hands, fists, feet, knees, and every tool within reach.
Loki thought about it for a moment, he didn't want anyone to see how misformed he was, how often he must have misbehaved. They wouldn't want to help him if they knew how often he was punished. But then again, they also couldn't help him if he didn't agree. And not taking the chance would mean guaranteed punishment. And that is why the boy nodded softly. "I will see her at her earliest convenience." He said softly.
There were even pictures of how disgusting he was. Now everyone would see what a gross freak he was.
The brunette sat down on a chair in the corner between two bookshelves and curled up, taking deep breaths to calm his racing heart. The combination of someone big and imposing, yelling, and defending a father... it didn't work out for him.
"Fuck." He cursed out loud, running a shaking hand through his hair. There was still time, Peter was only six. Tony could still fix this. He'd give Peter a normal childhood, or as normal as he could living with the avengers. No more workshop.
The student took a sip of his tea before putting the cup down, hands shaking. He didn't answer until his arms were firmly wrapped around his own chest. "I- I got home late. So I was pu-punished." He stuttered softly, terrified.
The second Tony left the room, Natasha had slapped Clint on the back of his head and hisses angrily at him in Russian.
Tony reached him just in time to catch him before he hit the pavement and immediately flew towards the tower.
Loki woke up in sweat half way through the night, a nightmare fresh in his mind. Still half asleep the student had briefly thought himself still in that basement and curled up in fear.
Tony and Bruce got paired together with science. Since both were geniuses, they got four patents and two dozen working contracts out of the project. Bruce got into school with an academic scholarship, and Tony decided they were to become friends now. Issues be dammed.
would be coming out. And indeed it did. "No buts. Peter thinks you're mad at him. You're worrying, which proves you're nothing like Howard. Now go to your kid and start finishing that darn robot dog before I ask Bruce to finish it."
They briefly discussed taking the test for an academic scholarship, but both decided that Loki couldn't handle that just yet. Showing his true mind in public would become a challenge.
Steve blinked the tears from his eyes and looked up into the face of the man of his dreams. Literally.
But this made the pieces fit together. The son by blood was treated like gold, got whatever he wanted, and the younger adopted child was abused. "The one who executes the punishments, does he live there as well?" The question made sure Loki wouldn't have to give a name while still letting him know if his home situation was safe or not.
"Tony! Tony it's me, I brought your new P.A., come meet him." Pepper didn't hesitate to speak up as she entered the surprisingly clean and light room. It seemed to be some sort of living room, though Steve thought it didn't look very lived in.
Natasha's expression slowly grew more tensed as she listened to Clint's story. It certainly didn't seem right. Puzzle pieces were starting to fall together, and she didn't like the picture they were forming.
Making sure his footsteps were audible, he walked over and sat down beside the black haired boy. "Hello." He said softly, after a moment of tense silence.
Coulson parked carefully inside his garage and told Loki to stay put while he grabbed the wheelchair.
Of course Captain Rogers was happy with the saved lives. But Steve was worried sick about his boyfriend who had survived the disaster due to some sort of miracle.
Clint looked up in shock and took Loki's hand. "We're going to Coulson, right now. And you're going to give him the entire essay. And he is going to help you." The blond said as he lead Loki towards Coulson's office.
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you about my Christmas plans." Tony whispered at the same time as Steve spoke up.
Steve recognised a basic humanoid shape somewhere in it, but the shoulders were hunched, the arms out of proportion to the body, and most noticeable, he was completely covered in hair. Large fangs poked out from over his lip, and his nails were long and dark, almost claw-like.
Over all, it was a good night. The bed was soft and didn't agitate his injuries as much, the sheets and new pyjamas kept him nice and warm, and the curtains left the room nice and dark...
"Of course, I do hope your last paycheck arrived without an issue?" She might have added a zero to the amount, as a silent apology to the way Tony had acted.
He quickly grabbed a hot mug full and attempted to go back to the elevator unseen. He could just hide back in the workshop and-
And he had an asshole father. His father rarily talked to him. And when he did, it was to tell him what a failure he was, and what a mistake. He avoided his father now, and his friends helped him see the words weren't true.
Thank whoever was listening, Bucky was alright. Tony used his last energy to take Bucky's hand and look into his eyes. He wouldn't burden him with last minute confessions of love that would only bring him guilt.
The sun was shining bright as Tony opened his eyes. He groaned and quickly closed them again, head pounding with a mild hangover.
At Bruce's confused face he continued. "I'm adopted. Thor's not my brother." He explained as he took his sunglasses off again, they were probably agitating his bruise.
On days like these, Steve wouldn't even see Tony, aside from some glimpses of fur. It's why he was so surprised to hear the familiar footsteps coming close. His breathing stuttered. Did he have to leave? Tony never came into the living room... What changed? Would he be angry? Would his eyes fill with pain again?
Steve huffed amused. "Tony, Peter is anything but normal. The kid is smarter than I am." He said fondly, making Tony finally look up at him.
It took the older man a bit longer than he wanted, he hadn't wanted to keep Loki alone for too long, but eventually he had bags with bread and meat and vegetables and everything else they would need throughout the weekend. Especially with the guys coming over tomorrow. They ate in bulk.
Romanov poked him and silently pointed to the slumped figure sitting by a desk in the corner. Once they came closer they could see Tony in the light coming from the screen.
"Pep! A little warning would be nice!" A male voice shouted back, only serving to make miss Potts roll her eyes.
"I'm sure they'll find something soon." The PA reassures his boss before getting up, excusing himself, and getting back to work.
