Three hours later, Steve found Bruce and Tony still in the lab taking apart the control collars and comparing what they found to Agent Serafin’s notes. Both were pleasantly surprised to find the notes to be very thorough and that they came to the same conclusions that she had. It was refreshing to find someone who actually knew what they were doing in SHIELD’s science division. If it wasn’t for her obvious distaste of Tony- which neither blamed her, they’d be mad if they were kicked out of their own labs as well- they probably would’ve been very happy to collaborate with her in the future.
Creeping soundlessly- and pointlessly, given that he could probably detonate a large bomb in this room and no one would hear a thing- he made his way to the top and pulled the lever that would open the door at the back of his closet. There was no sense hiding the levers that opened the doors from the inside of the in-between, it was too dark to see them and he was the only one who was ever in it. The door opened soundlessly just the one in his lab did and breathed a sigh of relief- the light in the closet was off, which meant that Steve wasn’t there. Even if he had been, the door was so well camouflaged and oiled that, even with his super-soldier senses, he probably wouldn’t have picked up on it. He shut the door to the in-between with a silent click and snuck to the door that opened from his closet into his bedroom, pressing his ear against it. Nothing. He waited an extra minute or two before finally pushing his way into his other sanctuary. Or, at least, it had been when he shared it with Steve. Now, looking at the pictures next to their- his- bed, the sketchbook laying at the foot of what had been Steve’s side, the leather jacket strewn over the ottoman at the foot of it, he felt sick and not safe at all.
“Correct, sir. I have Tony Stark here in my office, as well as Rogers and Banner. They’re investigating some tech we’ve acquired but we’ve hit a snag. It seems Mr. Stark and our lead scientist can’t be in the same room together, by your orders. Anything we should be aware of?”
Depositing their loads, the three Avengers took their leave and Steve made to follow them when Coulson laid a gentle hand on his shoulder and guided him back. A look at Hill from the Director had her round up her four agents and leave the room with their meager personal belongings they’d brought to tide them over while they went to get settled in the temporary quarters Steve had designated for them. Normally, finding rooms for their guests would be Tony’s job. Steve took a look at their small duffels and clenched his jaw. Small duffels meant short missions. They weren’t anticipating this being a long process. In their minds, they already knew who the murderer was.
“Keeping our distance should help. Someone should kindly suggest to her going out of the building for lunches.”
“Ouch. Never mind, I take it back.” Tony tapped the spot where the reactor used to be, waiting for some sort of response. None was forthcoming as Coulson and Hill stared impassively at him. “So, obviously I’m here to tell you my side of the story. But could a guy get a cup of coffee first? At the rate we’re going, I have a feeling we’re gonna be here awhile.”
“She was crying, bawling actually. I’ve never heard her so upset, I thought I’d be telling my superiors I’d be leaving to go home for a funeral before I finally got her calm enough to tell me what happened.” Rhodey’s voice was calm and collected, but with an undercurrent of rage like it took all of his self-control to not tear into Tony like he obviously wanted to.
The silence on the other end of the line was deafening. Fury seemed to recovery quickly enough, though. “I’m guessing we’re talking about Angela Serafin.”
As he walked into the lab and there was no lilting British voice to greet him, he was unnerved. It was bad enough that there was no sign of the team, but there hasn’t been time since he created JARVIS shortly after graduating from MIT that the AI hasn’t been there. He only time he was ever so thoroughly silenced was when Obi-
“You didn’t dictate and I didn’t want to assume.” The AI paused. “Which floor would you like me to take you to, Captain Rogers?”
Still sprawled on the floor, Tony tried to think back to what had transpired that night. He remembered the meeting at the diner. Rushing home to Steve with a guilty conscience and wanting nothing more than to feel his fiancé’s arms around him. The movie. The elevator. Their steamy love-making-
When Steve finally spoke up, his voice was from hoarse with his emotions. “You didn’t see him that night. Everything about him was off. The desire to go to bed early. The guilt in his eyes. The panic attack-“ he cut himself off, struggling to continue.  He looked down at the mat, steeling himself. When he looked back up, his eyes were wet. “I was worried about him. I thought someone had hurt him. But it was just another manifestation of his guilt.”
“Oh, yeah, and you did such a GOOD JOB reading Tony when you were spying on him a few years ago.” Natasha narrowed her eyes at him. “’Iron Man: yes. Tony Stark: Not Recommended.’ Remember that? We all took your assessment of him to heart and then we were all proven wrong when he risked his life to fly a nuke through a wormhole. You may be great at reading 99.99% of the people you come across, but you got Tony wrong then. Who’s to say you’re not wrong now?” Bruce ran a frustrated hand through his hair. “We have been proven wrong over and over again when it comes to making assumptions about him. I’m not saying he’s innocent but I’m not going to assume he’s guilty either.” He gestured at Steve, “You’re Mister Truth and Justice, but in the American justice system people are presumed innocent until proven guilty.” Steve shrank back onto himself. “I may be wrong, maybe he DID have sex her. But what if YOU’RE wrong? Do you understand what happened then, in that context?” He looked around the room, but only Thor and Steve looked marginally guilty. “You,” he pointed again at Steve, “used EVERYTHING Tony has ever hated about himself against him. You created a really bad ‘best case scenario.’ Worst case- he’s guilty of infidelity, he’s guilty of murder, and he goes to prison. Best case- he’s innocent of everything but all of our relationships with him are ruined. Either way, we lose Tony and the team loses Iron Man. Those jibes about him not deserving to be on the team go through his head regularly and you just confirmed for him, incorrectly, that we feel the same way.” He breathed heavily through his nose, his face tinting green again. Hulk REALLY wanted to come out. “I need to leave.” He moved away from the table, about to head for the reinforced room Tony had built for him whenever “Jolly Green” wanted to come out to play. Before he left, he turned back to Steve, his face softening a bit and his voice losing the edge it had during his tirade. “I’m sorry. I know you’re really hurting right now and I wish there was something we could do to fix it. But this,” he gestured to the room, “was not the way to go.”
Tony stood up and followed her wordlessly. The toilet paper that had been used to staunch the blood from the cut over his collar bone hidden in his jumpsuit. When he used the restroom before being released to meet Pepper in the waiting area, he flushed it. If anyone asked about the few drops on the jumpsuit, he’d say he got a nosebleed.
For a minute nobody moved. Steve itching to go to Tony and Tony wanting nothing more than to run from the room. But he was naked. That needed to be remedied first. With a whirl of flailing limbs, Tony stood from the floor and moved over the dresser, pulling drawers with enough force to remove them entirely from the piece of furniture if it weren’t for the drawer stops keeping that from happening. He pulled on a pair of sweat pants, nearly falling over again but steadying himself on the dresser’s edge at the last moment. He pulled a ratty band t-shirt over his head and slipped a pair of loafers on while hobbling over to the door, steps unsteady because of his roiling emotions and the backs of the loafers not situated correctly on his heels.
A little over four hours later, Tony heard the tell-tale swish of his lab door open and looked over to see Steve making his way over the table he was seated at with two cups of coffee in his hands. “Morning, handsome. Ooo, you brought me more nectar of the Gods. You’re a life-saver, DUM-E’s concoction has an ominous metallic taste to it though JARVIS assures me it shouldn’t be toxic.”
Time seemed to slow down at Tony watched the ring arc through the air, bounce off the spot on his chest that Steve had thrown it at and fall down to the floor. It rolled in an arc, first away from his feet then back towards him, bouncing off the toe of his shoe and then rotating in place, making a sickening sweet sound that rang as loud as church bells in Tony’s ear as it finally came to a stop, glinting in the sunlight. The glare from the sun right at Tony’s cornea made him blink, as his unshed tears made the reflection blind him completely.
Steve was the first to move as he stood up to comfort Tony, who was very visibly upset by Fury labeling him a ‘man-whore.’ The hand on his shoulder that moved to pull him into a hug seemed to finally loosen Tony’s tongue as he started sputtering and muttering, “How dare he?” over and over.
Without waiting for a response, Tony walked away and stepped into the elevator. No one said a word as the doors closed on the devastated remains of their leaders’ relationship.
“She told you what happened, huh? She was there? She knows EXACTLY what happened? That’s fantastic, maybe she can tell me. She can blow this murder investigation WIDE OPEN, case closed, call Coulson.”
They rode up the first few floors in tired silence before Tony smirked, turning to his fiancé and sidling up to him as seductively as he could manage in his half-asleep state. “You think getting it on in the elevator right now would be sufficient payback for his rude wake-up call? He woke me up, we give him nightmares, all’s fair.”
He turned on the sink, splashed some cool water on his face and looked into the mirror, shocked to find he looked so pale. The nausea still burned his throat, so he grabbed a drinking glass he kept on the counter top, filled it halfway and drank a few sips, hoping to settle his stomach. If anything, it made it worse. He quickly went to the toilet and lifted the seat before emptying his stomach contents. The left-over spaghetti Steve had insisted they eat as a late supper before they finally went to bed last night (“We haven’t had anything since lunch, Tony, and coffee does NOT count as a meal”) making an encore appearance. Tony tried to be as quiet as possible while being sick, which is no easy feat, worried that if Steve woke up he’d start mother-hening him and then BOTH of them would be up all night. Steve needed his sleep, Tony knew he was exhausted after doing all 6 hours of the driving yesterday, which he felt bad about. He had planned to offer to be the driver on the way home, but then all that nonsense at SHIELD had rattled him.
“Shall we, then? I’ll show you to the workstations we’ve set up with our new acquisitions.” Coulson opened the doors again with another swipe and stepped through, nodding at Tour Guide Trunchbull in dismissal. Tony and Bruce followed, the latter still feeling as though he wanted to crawl out of his skin and not being able to pin point why.
“No! You keep saying that, but it’s really, really not. Freaking out in the middle of sex and then elbowing you in the nose- making you bleed- that’s not alright.”
“Nope,” Tony said, popping the ‘p.’ “Got it covered.” He glanced up at Steve and could see that he was hesitating by the way he was aimlessly rapping the knuckles of his coffee-less hand lightly against the table top, obviously wanting to discuss something and dreading bringing it up. “Spill, Cap. You look like someone peed in your Wheaties and are trying to figure out who.”
He rubbed his hand over his face, ending at his lips and grasping them. Tony would not be happy to have them here but- “Would it expedite solving the case?” They both knew he actually meant, ‘Would it expedite clearing Tony’s name?’
“Steve, take him and go. You may not want to watch the movie, but we do; if your boyfriend keeps whining, Clint’s liable to throw a tranq dart at his neck,” Natasha said, not looking away from the screen.
Tony sat up with a jolt, his heart in his throat and unable to breathe. He felt something weighing him down, around his waist and his legs and he started to thrash, trying to free himself from whatever had him trapped.
Tony rubbed his eyes one more time, then turned to his work station and waved his hands to open up the holographic displays showing the schematics of the control collars and the waffle iron-shaped remote he’d already input this morning. Pushing the unease that Agent Serafin brought out in him to the back of his mind, he did what he did best when confronted with emotions that he didn’t understand- he ignored them.
“Of course I have, Sir. From the moment you were arrested, I’ve been monitoring all intelligence gathered involving you, Doctor Serafin, and the investigation for evidence proving your innocence.”
“If it makes you feel any better, Nat, Clint and Thor are just as angry as we are after we filled them in on the situation. If Agent Satan makes even the slightest distasteful remark about you, she has a team of angry and protective Avengers who’ll shut her down in a heartbeat. I’d also recommend to Fury that he make no attempt to join us for any meals or movie nights in the near-future.”
The second photo looked like it was taken on the same night, Steve and Tony wearing the same clothing as in the first. This one was of the whole team- they must’ve recruited someone else to take the picture. A waitress, maybe? It looked like they were in a restaurant. There’ve been many nights like this, so it was difficult to remember exactly. Natasha took the photo off the fridge and smiled at it. Everyone looked so happy, smiling genuine smiles that sometimes seemed so hard to come by. Thor was on one end, holding a beer stein in the air. He probably smashed it after and demanded another. Next to him was Steve who had his arm around Tony. This time he was the one gazing lovingly at the other. Tony’s smile was the brightest of the bunch. He had one arm around Steve’s waist and the other around Bruce’s shoulders, who looked very relaxed despite the boisterous surroundings. Usually Bruce shied away from such loud get-togethers, but that night he looked to be in his element. Next to Bruce was Natasha herself. She held a martini to her lips and had an eyebrow arched. Then making up the other end of their Avengers sandwich was Clint, who was being his usual goofball self. He had his shades on and was making some sort of ‘hardcore metal’ face with his tongue sticking out and his hand in a ‘rock on’ gesture.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Following Bruce’s outburst, the team had dispersed, everyone heading for their separate floors. No one had an appetite anymore and the food was wrapped up by Natasha and put away.
“I vote we make sure we’re not here when he does,” Clint said. Everyone, sans Bruce, nodded but no one stood up, waiting for Steve to make the first move to leave.
Tony sunk entirely to the floor, his breathing only increasing its pace as his fingers dug into his chest through his shirt, leaving marks on his skin and straining the fabric. The full body sobs making his lung’s job even more difficult. He could feel the pull of unconsciousness on his mind as his vision began to darken.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, right. It’s either the calm before the storm or she’s scared shitless after realizing just what group of people she pissed off.”
The “in-between”- so named because that was exactly what it was: a hidden pathway between the lab and the penthouse. It was a small, dark, sound-proof stairway that went up 5 steps, veered 90 degrees to the left, went up 6 steps, veered 90 degrees to the right, and then went up another 4 steps ending in a door that opened up into his and Steve’s closet. Well, he supposed it was just his closet now. He vaguely wondered if Steve had already cleared out. A sense of dread settled in his stomach when he realized there was a possibility that Steve was there now, doing just that and he almost decided to unmute JARVIS to make sure he wouldn’t end up face to face with the very last person on the face of the planet he wanted to see. ALMOST. Instead, he figured he’d crack open the door a tiny bit to try and hear any movement from within.
Bruce asked JARVIS for the time and jumped up from his chair when informed it was after 8:30. “Dr. Serafin is going to be wondering where I am at this point.”
“Yes, Stark, she’s very dead. And we have video evidence that shows that you were the last person to see her alive. So if you’ll please, come with us. I don’t want this to get ugly.”
Coulson waited patiently on the line while Steve brought up the screen as directed. When he got to the text box, he hesitated. Once he did this, there was no going back. He thought of Tony and his attachment to his suits. They made him feel safe. Steve used to invoke that same feeling, but he wouldn’t have that anymore, either. But they needed Tony to behave to get this mess cleaned up. He felt another twinge of guilt at disrespecting Agent Serafin’s memory by referring to catching her killer as a ‘mess,’ but he brushed it off. He needed to worry about the living. Even if Tony was no longer his fiancé, he was still a teammate. With a heavy heart, he typed in the code and hit 'enter.' "Ok, it's done."
Tony, still shocked at everyone’s reaction and not fully comprehending that his team had turned on him, muttered out, “Cut myself on the cot in my cell last night. Must’ve had some sharp edges.”
JARVIS began reciting calmly that Tony was in his lab, in the tower, and that he was safe. That it was 9:36am on Tuesday, January 30th. He continued listing facts about the present to help ground him and bring him back- the weather outside, where everyone in the tower was located, SI stock information, how many emails he had waiting for him, etc. It had become a routine that had started shortly after Tony flew a nuke through the wormhole and began having attacks. Being a bodiless AI, there was only so much JARVIS could do to aid him without summoning someone else.
“Traitor,” Tony threw out, glancing up to the ceiling at one of JARVIS’ mounted cameras as he sipped his favorite beverage.
After a few minutes, Steve nodded again and made to stand. Thor managed to make himself vertical first and reached out a helping hand to pull him up, then clapped a hand on his shoulder and pulled into what Tony had dubbed once a “bro hug.” The rest followed and they made their way to the elevator.
Steve started to move as though to get off the bed and help him, but then seemed to think better of approaching.
Steve’s other hand came up to cup his face. “The reaction you had last night. It seemed like a flashback. Did someone force themselves on you?”
There's a lil bit of smut in this chapter! Fairly mild, but it's there. I'm not anticipating alot of smut in this story, so get it while you can folks.
When Tony and Steve, freshly showered, finally joined the others around the breakfast table in the communal kitchen a little after 9am, the meal was in full swing. Thor had his usual heaping mound of waffles that could feed a small army, covered in butter and syrup, and was laughing as Nat and Clint had a stare down over the last few pieces of bacon. Tony’s money was on Nat getting her way, through sheer intimidation alone. He considered ending the stalemate by reaching between the two to grab the bacon for himself, but he had no desire to lose any limbs today, thank you very much. Instead he pulled his best pout and said, “That better not be the last of what we have in the tower.”
Tony took off his sunglasses. Yes, he was wearing them indoors and they probably didn’t help with his perception of the place but they came in handy at times like this when he needed to whisk them off in dramatic fashion to intimidate those who stood in his way. Usually it worked. Unfortunately, any balking that the agent might have made was negated by the presence of the Director himself as he stepped around the corner about 10 feet behind them in a hurried, yet calm and collected manner that only Coulson could pull off.
“My scanners detect coffee, sugar, cream, and hazelnut syrup. There are a few grounds in the bottom, but I assure you, they provide no choking hazard. Would you like me to list the ingredients of the syrup, Sir?”
“JARVIS, play it again,” Tony said, slightly muffled with his face against his fiancé’s chest. His fiancé- wow, despite being engaged for 5 months already, Tony still felt like he needed to pinch himself every time he thought of the title and the amazing, sweet, charming, funny, HOT, sarcastic little shit of a super soldier that held it. In just one more month, he’d be his husband. He felt before he heard the rumble of laughter coming from the well-defined chest.
Tony finally looked up, with a look of indignation on his face. “I most certainly do not drool. Or snore. Or bawl. I am the picture of relaxed elegance when I sleep, like a magazine spread for Sleep Number beds. Anyone who tells you otherwise is lying.”
“What are you talking about, J? Coulson, besides Fury, is the only one who has it- unless that pirate bastard came out of hiding just to finally be able to screw me over.”
A tear escaped that Rhodey couldn’t see from the other side of the world and few moments of silence. “We were talking. Just talking. That’s the truth. But it doesn’t matter. You’re not going to believe me, anyway. JARVIS, end call.”
“Coulson calls bullshit on the note that Fury made. Fury’s concern over your libido isn’t enough of a reason to delay figuring out if HYDRA’s found a way to control enhanced individuals.”
He sat in a horrible plastic chair that he was pretty sure doubled as a torture device as he was left with only his thoughts to occupy him. There was no two-way mirror but four cameras, one mounted in each corner- no blind spots. He knew SOMEONE was watching, so he tried asking a few times for a cup of coffee but no one ever came in to respond.
Tony clasped his chest in fake hurt as he struggled to unbuckle his belt while still in a sleepy haze. “You wound me, Bruce. Oh ye of little faith, I’ll get you back.”
Tony stuck his tongue out at Clint while Steve was focused on the rest of what Coulson was saying and then went back to picking through the information that Coulson or Maria Hill had already sent him on the recovered Chitauri tech before Clint could tattle on him. A firm grip on his shoulder from Steve told him he’d still seen it though and Clint looked slightly smug when he noticed. Worth it. Bruce made his way over to peer over Tony’s other shoulder that was not being taken up by Captain America’s death grip that was there as a reminder to behave himself “or else.” Sometimes Tony liked to push his luck anyway because it made for delightfully rough and tumble times in the bedroom after getting Steve particularly riled up. Tony suspected that he knew that he did it intentionally sometimes, but Steve definitely didn’t seem to mind. In fact, he was pretty sure that it was tactic Steve used himself- Captain America was, after all, a skillful tactician.
Bruce looked down, his eyebrows furrowed. He was remembering another poorly concealed cut on a now cold, dead hand that had also been explained away as the result of a sharp bed frame. He was about to open his mouth to ask something else when the sound of the elevator door opening stopped everyone in their tracks as all eyes turned to the super soldier who now walked in.
From JARVIS' muted speakers, there came no warning that the next time Tony stepped foot outside the lab, the doors would be locked even to him.
“Work. Then, nookie,” Tony agreed with a wag of the eyebrows. He finally pulled himself away, but not before delivering a slap to Steve’s tight soldier booty.
Dressed for bed, Steve padded quietly back and slipped under the covers next to Tony. He rolled onto his side and propped his head on the palm of his hand with his elbow braced against the mattress, studying his lover’s face. He reached out tentatively with the other hand and brushed a stray lock of hair from his forehead, trailing his fingers over the worry lines that, even in sleep, were etched into his brow. They didn’t used to be there- Tony’s face always looked younger and more peaceful as he slept, unless he was having a nightmare. Both Tony and Steve have had their fair share of them, but ever since moving in together the nightmares have mutually dropped off considerably. They attribute it to the feeling of safety and comfort that they invoke in each other. For Steve, it’s hard to have a nightmare about ice when he has a very warm and soft genius snuggled up to his side. For Tony, Obadiah Stane can’t infect his dreams about the arc reactor with Captain America himself curled up around him, draping a protective arm across his chest. But now the worry lines- and apparently the nightmares- were back and Steve couldn’t understand what was going on in that brilliant mind and why Tony wouldn’t talk to him about it. The last time he brought it up to him, saying that he looked tired and hoping to coax him into a conversation about it, Tony had snapped at him. Granted, they bicker sometimes but Tony had seemed genuinely angry this time.
So, I am SUUUUUUUPER sorry about not updating in forever. As a fellow fanfiction reader I know how annoying that is and I really apologize. I can't even call it writer's block- I was doubting some parts of my story. Wondering if they were needed and how crucial I should make them to the story line. Also, real life happened and I was struggling with some stuff. So I apologize. I'll try to update regularly. I'll only be able to update on the weekends since my job is very demanding, but I'll try my best to get something up at least every 1-2 weeks. That being said, there shouldn't be any triggering content in this chapter. Enjoy!
Steve opened the door and climbed inside, buckling his seat belt. He gave a long, loving look at Tony, who braced himself. Steve turned his attention to shifting the huge SUV into drive and focused on pulling out of the underground SHIELD compound and safely onto the mostly deserted highway. Finally able to allow himself the slight distraction of the man beside him, Steve smiled at Tony and simply held out his hand, who gratefully took it into his own. As he felt his lover calmly rub his palm with his thumb and toy with the ring that Tony wore on his own left hand, he melted into the seat, relaxing for the first time since the set of stupid double doors blinked the little red light. The tremors ceased, his shoulders drooped, and his eyes drifted shut of their own. Yes, the talk was still going to happen but it was no longer THE TALK and Steve would wait to have until Tony was ready.
“Ah, so Justin Hammer is out of prison and hanging out with Christine Everhardt again? Smart man, they’ll pay a lot for this story. Though neither of them are the type I’d expect to see surrounded by sand dunes. Were they marooned?”
“Tony, wait, please. Talk to me.”  By this time, Steve had managed to make it off the bed but he still hesitated. When Tony halted with his hand on the door knob, Steve approached slowly like he would a skittish rabbit. “Please. Something is bothering you and I want to help you. I love you, Tony. Whatever it is, we’ll deal with it together. Don’t shut me out.”
As he exited the elevator and turned the corner to enter, he saw four pairs of eyes come up to meet his and then promptly turn away. Natasha scowled, Clint outright glared at an opposing wall, Thor wore a thoroughly disapproving frown and Bruce diverted all his attention to the orange he was peeling as though it held the secrets of the universe.
The elevator started to go up, JARVIS silent and understanding that his creator needed his safe space. As it arrived at the lab, the doors slid open but Tony stayed where he was. He finally released a shaky exhale, followed by a short inhale then another sharp exhale. The AI recognized the signs. “Sir, you need to calm your breathing. You’re hyperventilating. Follow my lead and let me guide you. Breathe in, five second count… now out, five second count… in, five seconds… out, five seconds…”
Steve, relatively defenseless, moved entirely in front of Tony and raised his fists as though they could stop bullets. Tony grew horrified and moved around Steve, stepping forward with his hands raised. He was not about to let his fiancé get killed in their own kitchen by their supposed allies without even knowing what the hell was going on.
“We can work together,” Tony cut in. He dared to look at her for the first time since entering the room and immediately regretted it. While not as overwhelming as it had been the first time, he still felt a wave of anxiety wash over him when he saw her face. “Your notes on these devices are impressive, and we could-“
The joke fell flat. Steve was pretty sure that if there were crickets in the garage, their legs would start chirping.
Clint, Natasha and Bruce could barely breathe at this point. Tony looked cocky. Thor looked confused. Steve took this all in and said, “We’re not actually talking about carpeting, are we?”
Bruce spoke up. “Why don’t I make some lunch and we get some food in that enhanced and perpetually empty stomach of yours? You must be hungry. Can’t have our fearless leader collapsing on us, now could we?”
“Why? It looks like you two already ate.” Clint, recovered from his defeat, nodded towards the love bites that littered both of their necks and leered.
“Yes. Even though I could not communicate or carry out anything other than basic operations after I was hacked by Director Coulson and his team, I was still aware of the goings on in the tower. Agent Hill called approximately four hours ago to inform them that Miss Potts had posted your bail and that you should be returning this morning.”
Tony started to feel the pull of unconsciousness again. No! “JARVIS! Don’t let me sleep, don’t let me-.”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony’s face crumbled as the cold usage of his last name. Steve hasn’t called him that in years unless he was teasing. Judging by the look on Steve’s face, this was no joke.
Not to be deterred, Bruce talked to Tony’s back. “She sent you an olive branch and asked me let you know that she’s sorry for how she treated you. She was upset by the circumstances and took it out on you. I know you don’t trust her, but you do trust me and I believe her apology was the read deal. She went out of her way to find out from JARVIS-“
Natasha looked down at the bandage, then released Tony, throwing him back and making him stagger to regain his footing.
“Ah, Captain Rogers, I’ve been expecting you. I have the recovered terrain and populace maps already set out for you, I’ll be happy to show you what we have.”
“So, he IS the mom? That makes me the dad,” Tony grinned, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Only Steve seemed to notice. “That means I’m entitled to make Dad jokes and make you kids pull my finger.”
“I need Bruce, now! Something’s wrong,” Steve said into the air, alternating between watching as he ran and glancing down at the limp body in his arms.
Tony got sick of the pleasantries. They had a long drive back to the tower and he was eager to put whatever was going on behind him and climb into bed with his favorite, soft space heater. He was also wanted to find out what the hell was going on with this woman who set off all his warning bells despite never having met her before. The agent herself wasn’t threatening- he didn’t expect her to outright attack him. But there was something about seeing her that made him feel like he was in danger. It didn’t make sense. He was honestly ok with taking the tech back to the tower and pissing off the agent, but there was something needling at the back of his mind. Like there was something he forgot, but with his eidetic memory forgetting things wasn’t something that happened often. It was REALLY starting to bother him and he was beginning to think that maybe Nick Fury had the answer, if the order to keep them apart was any indication. “What gives, Fury? I’m finally trying to play well with others and you’re kicking kids out of the sand box. That’s not very team player of you.”
“And Steve?” Tony pulled on a clean t-shirt to pair with his jeans and checked his reflection in the mirror to make sure that the bandage he’d put on the cut on his clavicle wasn’t peeking out.
“Took you love birds long enough. With privacy mode engaged, God only knows what lewd moves you were traumatizing the bots with,” Clint leered before taking a huge bite out of a freshly baked chocolate chip muffin. “I’d‘ve let you be, but the corned beef hash is getting cold.” A few pieces of muffin fell out of his mouth as he talked and Steve gave him the stink eye.
The entire time she was in the tower, Dr. Serafin didn’t leave the lab except to take Bruce’s hint to go out to eat for lunch. Since the state-of-the-art lab was built by Tony, there were attached amenities to make day long binges pleasant, such as a full-size bathroom, a fully stocked kitchenette with a fridge and a Keurig, and a plush couch seated in front of an excessively-large television.
“Just now. Where do think we’ve been for two hours? The Avengers followed us here in the QuinJet, we decided to talk to them first. Steve says that you went to a dinner meeting with investors, or at least that’s what you had told him. We showed him the video of you at the motel-“ Tony winced, “and he was still insistent that there was a mistake. We gave Pepper Potts a call-“ at that, he groaned, “and surprise, surprise, there was no dinner meeting. He was quite upset by that.”
Steve reached slowly around Tony so as not to startle him and gently removed the screwdriver he was holding from his hand. As much he loathe to interrupt him when he got like this- a science-binging Tony was a happy Tony, and a happy Tony was a happy Steve- he knew that he needed to eat. “Come. Food. Eat.”
His opinion of her had softened even more this morning when she’d appeared for work on their third day, promptly at 8am as had been agreed, with three to-go cups from his and Tony’s favorite coffee shop. She took her own beverage from the carrier before holding it out for Bruce. When he looked questioningly at her, she had sheepishly looked down and said, “I asked JARVIS what you both would like and these were his suggestions. It’s a peace offering. I know I’m not supposed to be talking to Tony outside of what needs to be said for the project, so I was hoping you could relay a message to him and tell him that I apologize for being so cruel. This project has been my baby since we recovered the collars 3 months ago and when I found out it was being taken from me and given to someone else…” She paused. “I was angry. I took it out on him and I’m sorry for that. I’m not expecting him to want to speak with me but I wanted to extend an olive branch. We should probably still maintain our distance, even though Fury’s reason for the note was an asinine one.”
“Yes. I don’t know how long we were there for, I wasn’t paying attention. Eventually she asked me to go to her motel which happened to be right across the street- by the way, you guys put her up in a shit hole, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves- so we could talk more privately. I was hesitant, but agreed. We went back to her room, talked a little while longer. She came onto me, so I left.”
“Good morning, Sir. It is 11:46am on Saturday, February 3rd and it is currently 27 degrees and sunny. There is a 30% chance of precipitation this evening beginning at 6pm, with no notable accumulation to be expected. Would you like information on the closing stocks from last evening?”
“JARVIS would’ve let me know. JARVIS, did Angela text me? Um, this morning. Did she text me this morning?”
“It appears it was Director Coulson who revoked your access. Dr. Banner will be allowed in but you do not have clearance.”
Tony heaved a sigh of relief at hearing his beloved AI’s voice, at least one thing having been righted in his world. “Not right now, J. Where are the others? Where’s Steve? I need to talk to him.” More drumming of his fingers on his chest. Fixing JARVIS was easy, it was fixing things with Steve that would be more difficult and his stomach knotted at the thought that his fiancé spent all night with the idea that he had cheated floating in his mind. This was all Coulson and Hill’s fault. Granted Tony had lied but if he’d had a chance to explain to Steve before they had gotten to him, it wouldn’t have spiraled out of control. The fact that it had been Pepper to retrieve him from SHIELD and not Steve spoke volumes about the strained status of their relationship. But Steve was patient and understood him better than anyone, even more than he understood himself sometimes. Steve had also been wanting to help him with his nightmares and Tony knew that once he explained that what he had done had been BECAUSE of the nightmares that he would forgive him. He just needed to talk to him.
Tony looked anguished. His eyes said he wanted to talk but his body still looked ready to bolt. Steve held his breath.
“Ok, easy guys. Just calm down. Let’s not shoot first and ask questions later, okay? We’re on the same side,” Tony tried to diffuse the situation. Coulson, surprisingly nonplussed that his childhood hero had five guns pointed at him, raised his arm and slowly gestured for Hill and his other men to lower their weapons but keep them at the ready. The Avengers responded in kind, though both sides knew they could all easily kill each other in a fraction of a millisecond if things turned sour. Tony hoped to keep things looking sweet and made sure to keep his hands up. “So, what brings you all to our humble abode this fine morning? I’d offer you breakfast, but with Thor and Cap there’s no such thing as leftovers.”
Tony balked. That did not sit well with him. He wanted her out of his life, not to meet up with her for a friendly chat over milkshakes. But ever since the dreams started, he couldn’t help the nagging feeling that there was more going on than they were told. Steve wouldn’t want him meeting her, especially not alone. Granted they’d found some work-arounds, but an order was an order in a soldier’s mind and Fury had made it very clear that they were to be kept apart. It would probably anger Coulson, as well. Tony sat staring at the screen for another few minutes before making up his mind.
“She prefers DOCTOR Satan, or ya know, Angela. It actually went pretty well. She was surprisingly docile. Almost shy,” Steve said, as he took a bit of his own sandwich.
“Ah, yes. I was telling our comrades how comfortable I am in my room here at the tower since Stark so kindly decorated it to remind me of home and we were discussing-“
He closed his eyes and fisted his hands, willing the tears back. Steve had softened him. He used to be brash, tough as nails- “Stark men are made of iron,” Howard used to say. Tony never used to cry at the drop of a hat- or a ring. He survived a missile to the chest and capture in Afghanistan, an alien invasion, the destruction of his home while he’d still been in it. He survived his mentor and father-figure ripping his figurative heart out of his chest, poisoning by his own (accidental) design, Pepper walking away from him. He would survive this. He would survive Steve.
“Ugh, knock on wood. Seriously, Stark, don’t jinx it. Given your dad’s propensity for making enemies- which YOU seem to have inherited- the odds are actually pretty damn high. Anyway, you’re getting a honeymoon in Paris next month, quit your bitching,” Clint felt the need to add.
“Oh, puh-lease. It’s no secret in SHIELD that he’s still alive now that HYDRA has been weeded out- the farce is mostly still going to keep anyone who hasn’t been outed in Washington from finding out- and it’s no secret amongst us that you’re still in contact with him. Call him.”
Steve started. He wasn’t sure. Since JARVIS was back up and running, it might be safe to presume that Tony was in the lab but he couldn’t be sure. It’d been a few minutes since JARVIS had told him that he was looking for him. He could be waiting for this very elevator to take him to the gym. He cleared his throat. “Where is Tony, JARVIS?”
Tony dug around in the corner cabinet looking for a suitable replacement to the Iron Man mug that sat abandoned in the lab. Ravishing Steve was about the only activity that could distract him so thoroughly that he forgot about his morning coffee. He was about to place the Stark Industries cup onto the counter when the words that came out of Bruce’s mouth next almost made him drop it.
He stood up and turned the water back on. “Good. JARVIS, wake up the bots and put DUM-E on coffee duty. Keep an eye on him, make sure he doesn’t add any motor oil again. I’m gonna brush my teeth, throw on some shoes and head down to the garage to start bringing boxes up to the lab.”
Bruce thought to call her out on what he suspected was a lie, but decided to let it go. Instead he gave her a kind smile, thanked her for the tea she’d brought him, and promised to deliver the message and the coffee.
The drive back to the airfield to the waiting SI jet was tense and silent. Pepper’s barely contained fury was bubbling under the surface and Tony was afraid to as much as cough. Happy was driving, but he remained stoic and never spoke a word. When they pulled up, Happy exited to come around and open the doors for them but Pepper asked that he instead close it and give them some privacy.
“When DID you two discuss it? You both seem to know a lot more about this than I do.” There was no heat in his voice, just curiosity. He didn’t look up from the workstation.
“You don’t get to talk right now. I’ve heard enough.” Steve gave a hollow laugh and shook his head. “You know, I actually WORRIED about you and whatever has been upsetting you lately, but now I know it was just your guilt. Apparently you DO have a conscience, you just choose not to listen to it and I’m done picking up the pieces from your bad decisions. I trusted my heart and look what it got me. I should’ve listened to everyone who told me otherwise, that I needed to be leery of you and your MAN-WHORE ways.” Steve spat out the word and Tony paled at the insult that had been slung at him since he was old enough to pitch a tent.
As Director Coulson went over everything they were seeing, Tony remained silent, only occasionally picking something up to look more closely at it and absently flipping through several papers from a nearby file folder. Bruce probably knew something was wrong by his lack of comments on SHIELD not jumping on the “being green” bandwagon and still using that archaic method of filing with, ugh, paper. However, Tony couldn’t find it in himself to snark when he was too busy trying to keep his breathing under control and he desperately hoped Bruce didn’t pick up on that, too. He couldn’t even get himself excited over the ‘waffle iron’ that HYDRA had been working on. He only perked up and seemed to be able to join the conversation when he heard Coulson mention Agent Serafin’s name. “She’s the lead scientist on this?”
Tony finally blinked and looked up at him, the haze seeming to clear from his eyes. “You brought me food?”
As the phone rang through the intercom in the penthouse, Tony made his way to the bathroom to splash some water on his face and worked up a mental checklist:
Coulson. Steve groaned and hesitated to answer it. It seems that every time the man calls it messes up his life even more. Ever the dutiful soldier, he answered it anyway.
Yes, the team would help Steve see reason and then Tony would be able to explain what was going on to him. He needed to be smelling decent when they kissed and made up.
“I asked him. I know when he’s lying, I can see it in his eyes. That’s probably why he didn’t move more than five feet from the elevator when he came down to tell us he was leaving. He wasn’t lying about his reaction. He’d avoided my gaze through most of the conversation, but when I asked him if someone had hurt him he was looking right at me and told me no. He was telling the truth. That was the only time he WOULD meet my gaze. It was everything else he said that was a lie. And I was an idiot to believe him.”
“I suspected she’d end up working with you at some point, despite your initial protests to being part of our- what did you call it? Oh yes, our ‘super-secret boy band.’ I didn’t want to run the risk of her being run off by your habit of chasing anything with a skirt.”
Steve immediately flushed and ducked his head further into the fridge where he pretended to look for the eggs that sat front and center on the top shelf.
Leaving Bruce to get DOCTOR Serafin settled into his lab, Steve made his way to the communal kitchen to make two plates of sandwiches for himself and Tony. Clint, Nat, and Thor had already gone their separate ways, having made their point that they were a united front in defense of their favorite engineer without ever having to say a word. The wary looks that Agent/Doctor/Angela Serafin kept sending their way obviously conveyed that she’d received the message loud and clear. Fortunately, she had also behaved herself. The only time she made any indication of being inconvenienced was when she saw that the control collars were taken apart and left in pieces in a box that Tony had sent up from his lab before she got there. Steve had given her the run-down of how communication was to be maintained while the trio “worked together” and wrote down Tony’s cell phone number. He also gave her his number, as well, in case any problems came up that he could nip in the bud before they escalated. Dr. Serafin murmured her thanks as Steve left the two scientists to their own devices.
For the first time in his life, he was utterly alone. From the day he was born until he was in college, he had Edwin Jarvis- a man who was more of a father to him than his actual father. In college, he met Rhodey who supported him when his parents died and then again when he was devastated by the loss of Jarvis’ wife, Anna, and then Jarvis himself. After Rhodey, he hired Happy, then Pepper. Then came the Avengers and Steve. He’s had periods where one or some or most were mad at him, but there was always at least one person in his corner. In Afghanistan, he had Yinsen, which wasn’t quite the same, but still a solid presence backing him up and he knew that out there, somewhere, his friends were looking for him.
He finished up shaving his van dyke into its usual neatness, brushed his teeth and checked again in the mirror to make sure he was presentable. He couldn’t do much about his pallor or the bags under his eyes unless he wanted to mess around with the makeup he used before public functions to cover up his weariness or the occasional cut or bruise from a battle. Deciding he didn’t want to waste more time and hoping that his pitiful state might help his case that he needed to meet with Dr. Serafin in order to rectify the nightmares he was having, Tony instructed JARVIS to turn off the lights and he made his way down to the communal kitchen.
“Thank God, Sour Patch, I was worried you were gonna leave me hanging. Or ringing. Or whatever.” Tony heaved a sigh, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet seat and feeling like his strings had been cut. Without even having said a word yet, his best and oldest friend was on the other side of the connected phone call was easing Tony’s pain.
This time when there was no answer from JARVIS, there was no panic, remembering instantly that he had silenced J’s mother-henning and insistence on calling Bruce. He debated unmuting him for the sake of avoiding everyone else, weighing the pros and cons of avoiding everyone that he was trying to avoid, his AI included. Needless to say, avoiding the others took precedence but he still didn’t want to listen to his ever present AI needle him about asking for help that he didn’t want. He opted for Plan C and made his way to the dark, back corner of his lab, towards an inconspicuous door that was perfectly flush with the wall and blended in almost completely with its surroundings. You couldn’t see it if you didn’t know it was there and no one- not even Steve- knew of its existence. Hell, he barely even used the thing. Sneaking out to get dressed to meet Dr. Serafin had been the only time he used it in the last several years. Since becoming better friends with the other Avengers, he didn’t feel the need to use it to sneak back and forth.
His hand flopped back to the floor and he turned his gaze to the ceiling. “You’re fucking kidding me. Is this before or after he used the code to turn my suits into pretty statues?”
For Tony it felt like hours, but JARVIS would report it was approximately 17 minutes that he spent on the floor before his senses started to return to him. First the dark spots faded from his vision
Tony heard Bruce let out a long-suffering sigh on his other side. Poor Brucie-Bear did that a lot when dealing with his science bro. “I knew they should’ve waited to send that info. You zoned out the entire second half of the meeting didn’t you?”
An hour after she’d returned from her lunch, Angela felt the phone in her pocket vibrate and she fished it out to take a look at the waiting message.
Steve watched from the bed as the evenings events played out behind Tony’s eyes and he noticed the moment Tony remembered EXACTLY what had happened. “Baby, it’s alright. You had an anxiety attack. It’s nothing to be ashamed of.” Steve moved again to get off the bed, but this time Tony stopped him by putting up his own hands.
“For the record,” Bruce spoke up, “I have absolutely NO desire to know if anyone’s carpet matches anyone’s drapes.”
As the line went dead, no one in the room seemed to move or breathe. Coulson, Bruce, and Steve were shocked and Tony was angry at Fury’s reasoning for the note in Agent Serafin’s file. While Tony had had a reputation in his younger days, all four knew that Tony had been loyal and monogamous while in relationships, first with Pepper and then Steve. Even between the two, after he and Pepper had broken up but before Steve and Tony finally got their heads out of their asses and realized that they were pining over each other, Tony hadn’t had any consorts. It seemed to be a trend that while Tony was in love, even before the beginning of a relationship, he didn’t look for empty sex. The last person he slept with who wasn’t Pepper or Steve was Christine Everhardt, back in 2008. Tony and Pepper didn’t start dating until almost a year later after the disaster that was the last Stark Expo. Fury would know this.
Before the others could react, the elevator doors opened to reveal Coulson, Hill and the four unnamed SHIELD agents, who made their immediate way towards the communal kitchen. Any Avenger who had currently been sitting was now on their feet.
Any sense of self-preservation must’ve gone through the floor with his stomach as the woman, with a heated glare, stalked quickly towards them and away from the lab. Despite the hallway being wide enough to walk past while maintaining several feet of distance between them, the scientist quite brusquely huffed and barreled her shoulder into Tony’s as she quickly made her exit. So much for staying out of arms-reach; if she’d had a close-quarters weapon on her, she could’ve easily done some damage as she passed. Tony was too dumbstruck to even process that he ran the risk of being gutted by a well-concealed knife by allowing himself to be in such close proximity to the furious agent.
A lil bit of humor mixed in with the angst. If you don't get the "does the carpet match the drapes" reference, ask a responsible adult ;)
Steve smiled and kissed the top of his head. It wasn’t unusual at all for him to bring something down for Tony at meal times when he was in the throes of the creating the future. The confusion come from being so deep in his genius mind that he’s lost all track of time and space around him. It’s such a common occurrence for Tony to retreat to his lab, disappear for several days at a time and then resurface having no idea what day of the week it is, that he’s taken to only trusting Steve or JARVIS to tell him the correct date after several instances of Clint and Natasha messing with him.
Tony saw Steve tense beside him. He whipped his head back and forth once or twice between the man at the island and the one at the stove before finally grounding out, “What!?”
Steve, on the other hand, was always at the front. Ready to be the first to meet the enemy head-on and defend those behind him. It also gave him the ability to turn around make sure that any troublemakers (Tony) could see the expression he wore that so clearly conveyed “please stop antagonizing the people who could kill you.” Kind of like the one he gave Tony right now. Again, Tony didn’t mind because, A) he usually just ignored “the look” anyway, and B) he had a very nice view of that super soldier ass.
Steve hastened his steps even more and didn’t pause before walking through the glass lab door that JARVIS had kindly opened for him as he approached. The door swooshed shut behind him and the glass darkened into privacy mode. He only slowed as he got nearer to the pacing scientist who looked to not even notice him yet. Steve waited a moment before clearing his throat.
JARVIS is not usually wrong, but this time he was. Steve continued talking to Tony in calm, reassuring tones, telling him that everything was alright, that he was safe. When reached out and touched his shoulder, however, Tony’s eyes flew open and he leapt from the bed. His legs tangled in the sheets and he fell hard onto the floor with a THUD, scurrying towards the bathroom on all fours. Steve followed him, worried he was going to shut the door and lock him out. Instead Tony went as far into the room as he could before hitting the wall caddy-corner to the toilet and sinking to the floor, bringing his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around his legs. Steve hesitated at the door, not wanting to scare him even more, his mind trying to figure out what had made him react so badly. Tony had NEVER had an anxiety attack while they were making love.
No one would protect him, hell they’d probably give him away just to be rid of him. No Black Widow, no Hawkeye, no Thor, no Hulk. No Captain America. He was alone, all alone. They hated him. Pepper hated him. Happy hated him. Rhodey! Rhodey might come for him. Yes, Rhodey loved him. Rhodey would protect Tony. But then Rhodey could die. Tony wouldn’t let Rhodey die for him. Rhodey can’t die-
DUM-E was squealing nearby on his left, in obvious distress, his beeps as high pitched as Tony had ever heard them.
Tony knew he was in trouble and opened his mouth to speak. Before he could get a word out, Pepper interrupted him.
“Steve.” Coulson got up and locked the door then returned to his seat. “You didn’t see what we saw. We aren’t talking a dainty strangulation here, this was bloody and brutal.” Steve was about to open his mouth again, when Coulson held up a hand silencing him. “It isn’t something I’d think Tony Stark capable of. I don’t think he’s capable of ‘clean’ murder either. Whoever did this to her was hate-filled and vicious- unhinged, even. But we have no other suspects and her fellow agents want to see justice. I do, too, but I’m not looking to nail an innocent man to the cross which is why I need you to work with me, here. Despite his, well, personal failings, Tony Stark doesn’t deserve to hang for a crime he didn’t commit.”
The room stood still until Steve said, “I feel sorry for you.” He didn’t sound apologetic, only hollow. “The only one you hurt worse than everyone around you is yourself. If you couldn’t change for me- someone who loved you more than their own life- you’ll never be good enough for anyone. Yinsen was right,” a sharp intake of breath from Tony and Bruce, the only other person in the room beside Steve whom Tony had confided in about his time in Afghanistan, “you’re the man who has everything and yet nothing. That’s all you’ll ever be. I don’t know why I wasted my time.”
The AI may not tell Tony where he was, but he didn’t want to run the chance that he’d be able to find him on his own accord.
“That’s a horrible description. Babies sleep like anxious, caffeine-fueled college students right before finals. On the rare occasion that they DO fall asleep, the slightest noise startles them and makes them start freaking out and bawling.”
Tony sat stone-faced in the front passenger seat of the Escalade they had driven in from the tower. While they’d normally take one his sports cars for a trip to SHIELD, they had agreed to drive one of the bigger vehicles since the photos they’d received this morning didn’t give much of an idea of the size of what they’d been hoping to be able to bring home with them. He liked to plan ahead when it came to the possibility of raiding SHIELD’s play things. Earlier, on the drive down to D.C., Tony had bemoaned the excessively spacious interior. He’d sat in the back with Bruce so they could continue going over the data and photos from Coulson on his StarkPad, but he’d loudly complained several times that Steve felt ‘too far away’ as he played chauffeur. It eventually grated on his companions nerves enough that Bruce had declared the end of science time after pulling over to hit Starbucks and had insisted Tony leave him alone in the back to get some sleep and Tony could finally sit in the front within hand-holding distance of Steve. Tony pouted at the declaration of no more science-ing but quickly melted as soon as Steve reached over with an open palm and a pout of his own.
Tony was still breathing erratically and had closed his eyes again. Steve kept talking, knowing that his love wasn’t seeing him- didn’t know what he was seeing, actually. For what felt like hours but was likely only a few minutes, Steve stayed where he was and repeated the platitudes over and over again before Tony’s body was only vibrating slightly instead of violently and his breathing slowed. It took another minute or two and some coaxing before he would open his eyes.
“Steve, call the others back, we need to get him to a hospital, ASAP. I don’t have everything here that I need…”
“Yes, sir. We’ve been trying to come to an agreement but the restriction on clearances has caused some issues.”
Steve bit his lip. “How would I even do that? If I order him to do it, he’ll laugh in my face.” ‘Or worse,’ Steve thought, after the blow up they had earlier.
Steve, who was just as confused as Thor, looked to Tony who had literally face-palmed and his shoulders shook with his own barely contained laughter.
After the phone call from Hill in the early hours of the morning, Steve had gone down to the gym to vent his various emotions on the punching bags. After giving him an hour to himself, Natasha had followed him down and offered to spar with him. She hoped it would give him an opening to talk to someone more forthcoming than an inanimate object. He accepted but was slow to offer anything vocal other than the occasional grunt when she got a decent hit to him. The fact that she was able to get as many in as she did was a good indicator of the turmoil his thoughts were in. Usually she would chastise him for letting his guard down, but instead she just encouraged him to try to hit her harder. He needed to get it out and she could take it. It wasn’t until Clint joined them and he double-teamed with her against him that Steve seemed to slow down. Eventually Bruce and Thor joined them as well, bearing ice water and a clean towel. He gratefully accepted their gifts and mopped the sweat off his brow, then nearly collapsed to the spot and the position he was currently in. Taking that as their cue, the other settled in to lend their support.
“Good,” Tony managed to get out. “You are not to report to anyone about me and you are to follow my every order, regardless of my safety. Is that understood?”
The scientist was an average looking but pretty woman about his age, if the slightly greying in her hair and faint hints of frown lines were any indication. She wore kitten heels, a skirt, and a lab coat over a button down blouse- though Tony wasn’t about to discount her fighting abilities based on her attire. He’d seen Natasha take down men twice her size with graceful maneuvers while dressed in much more constricting clothes and sky-high stilettos; however that could’ve been more of a Natasha thing than a SHIELD agent thing. The lab coat was form fitting enough on her thin figure that he should’ve been able to see any suspicious gun-shaped lumps, but there were none. While that didn’t mean she wasn’t armed, it did mean he stood a greater chance of her needing to be within arms-reach to do any actual damage. He noticed her loosely pulled up mousy, brown hair and slightly down-turned green eyes that burned bright with fury much like Bruce’s when he’s struggling to keep Jolly Green from making an appearance. A light spattering of freckles across her cheeks and birthmark across the bridge of her nose-
Sure enough, it didn’t look like Tony had moved at all since Steve was in the lab last, still up to his elbows in wires and glowy things that were not of this world. He didn’t even seem to register Steve’s presence as JARVIS lowered the volume of the music to something a little less ear-piercing and he came up alongside him and set the plates, heaped with not only the sandwiches but also pickles and potato chips (sour cream and onion, of course), on the workstation. A kiss on the cheek seemed to finally make Tony aware that he was no longer alone.
As he leaned his hip against the sink, he wrung out the cloth and started to dab at the gash on his arm, cleaning up the blood. He looked back up at JARVIS camera. “I honestly don’t know what’s going on. How Angela died or what’s happening to me. What the nightmares mean. But I have a feeling that you and I together have a much better chance at figuring it out then Coulson and his lackeys. What do you say you and I do a little bit of investigating on our own?”
Steve’s chuckle turned into a belly laugh and he pulled Tony into a hug, resting his chin on the top of the shorter man’s head. He was mindful of the fact that Tony still held some pointy-looking tools in his hands, but he was also about 50% sure that he wouldn’t start poking at him in retaliation. Tony relaxed into his arms for a few seconds but then proved that the half-and-half odds weren’t in Steve’s favor as he delivered a light jab with a dull handle to his ribs and stepped away, turning back to the bits and pieces of tech on the workstation.
To make matters worse, the nightmares- they were no longer classified as simple dreams anymore- were getting more intense. Last night, the creepy children’s voices starting singing some macabre song and the man’s voice that had beckoned him to help him hide while playing had become threatening and ominous. And he kept seeing that goddamn birthmark. Dr. Serafin’s birthmark. He was exhausted and grumpy, and he blamed her. Steve had made a remark about how tired he looked and Tony had snapped at him. It was probably why Steve was losing his patience and demanding he join the team for dinner. Tont just wanted her gone, the project finished, and the nightmares to end.
Tony heaved a put-upon sigh and raised his right hand as though about to take an oath. “Fine. I, Anthony Edward Stark, do solemnly swear to be on my best behavior and to make an honest effort to not anger the She-Devil.”
Still no response. Then Tony remembered that Coulson had shut him down prior to his arrest and headed up to the lab. He hoped he would run into someone in the elevator or hallways, but there was no one.
Coulson and Hill stood up, making their way to the door. Before they left, Coulson sent a parting shot over his shoulder. “I’m not worried about that. Someone will be by shortly to take you to your cell. I hope orange is a good color on you. I know it is on your Audi.”
“Ma’am.” Steve made a move to shake her hand, but he was pointedly ignored as she glared at Tony. Steve awkwardly put his hand back to his side and looked to his fiancé in askance, already figuring out that something had happened. Tony avoided his eyes again and instead moved to sit down in one of the three chairs in front of Coulson’s desk. Steve and Bruce took the other two, but it was obvious Steve’s 1940s sensibilities were pained at the thought of taking a seat while a lady remained standing. Steve cleared his throat. “What’s going on here?”
As they approached a room on the right, the agent leading them- a stern looking woman who was very pointedly ignoring Tony- slowed to a stop and used a magnetized security card to grant them access. The door unlocked with a little green light- hallelujah, there was color in here- and a beep. The agent opened the door to reveal a large room filled with filing cabinets, wooden tables that looked like they were left over from the days of the SSR, and large, rolled scrolls- maps. Another agent stood next to one of the largest table, looking over one of the maps and gave a smile as he glanced up.
A rude gesture thrown over his shoulder was Bruce’s response as the doors closed behind him on his fearless team leader’s playful laughter.
A loud, blaring horn echoed through the penthouse, startling Tony and making his hands reflexively fly up to his ears. He felt the pull of the superglue and butterfly closures pull on his injured skin and the pain and alarm jolted him from the brink of consciousness. As quickly as the sound came, it dissipated. “I’m sorry, Sir, I didn’t know what else to do to keep you from hysteria. Please breathe with me. In, 2, 3, 4, 5. Out, 2, 3, 4, 5. In, 2, 3, 4, 5. Out, 2, 3, 4, 5… very good.”
Coulson sat quietly while Steve let his words sink in. Tony wasn’t guilty of murder. Infidelity, apparently, but not murder, especially not the kind Coulson was describing. The only way to prove Tony’s innocence was to let the investigation play out and let the evidence speak for itself- evidence Steve may be able to provide if he cooperated.
“Now THAT I could get sick of. In fact I’m already sick of it. Horribly sick, it may be contagious. You might’ve caught it. Oh, no. You’re sick, can’t go in to work today.”
Steve quirked up one corner of his mouth. “When you were sleeping like a baby on the car ride home.”
Bruce had mentioned that she’d brought them a peace-offering this morning and had apologized for how she behaved. No, Dr. Serafin wasn’t a problem. The problem Steve had with the project was Tony.
Tony froze. “He wouldn’t.” Willing his body to move so he could sink to his knees before he fell over, Tony lowered himself to the floor. “He doesn’t even had the code, only Coulson-.”
On the one hand, Steve had deeply wounded Tony but on the other hand, Tony was currently splayed out on the bathroom floor in obvious emotional and physical distress. Tony understood. He both really wanted to punch the man while simultaneously curl into his arms. He quickly shut that down with a firm, “NO.” Pulling his hand closer to him to see if the red and white spots had faded, he continued rubbing his fingertips together. The tingling has almost completely faded. “Why is Coulson and his band of merry men and women here at the tower? They already collected any evidence I’d have brought home with me.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Good afternoon.” No one looked up. He walked further into the room to the kitchen table and leaned his hip against it, letting his knuckles hang down on to the wood and give a light distracted rap. “So, yesterday sucked. How’s Steve?”
Bruce grabbed the towel out of his hand, avoiding the area covered in saliva, and started mopping up the spilled coffee before it could reach any of the nearby electronics. “Pretty sure whatever this filthy towel is covered in will kill you faster.”
“Pshaw. If it’s that important, we’d both be summoned. It’s probably just Clint asking if you ate the last of the BBQ chips he was hiding.”
Tony hated any and all SHIELD facilities. They were barren, depressing, and most areas smelled of sweaty foot stink for God-knows reason why. The helicarriers he’d been in in the past hadn’t been bad, especially the ill-used Insight helicarriers since he’d had a hand in designing them. It still really frosted him that they’d ended up being used for a nefarious HYDRA plot- they’d been a thing of beauty, at least as much beauty as Fury had allowed. Granted, he was only supposed to redesign the engines after getting an up-close look at them when the Avengers had first been assembled to fight Loki and his Chitauri minions; back when he’d almost been ground into gold titanium alloy dust when dislodging some debris that had gotten stuck. They’d also asked his opinion on some information arrays in the deck and conference rooms, so he managed to sneak some more stylish designs into the areas that agents actually frequent. He’d considered his duty to help the poor saps out, before he found out that half of them were HYDRA. Yeah, he was still sore about that.
A small part of Tony wanted to tell the whole story. The dreams. The anxiety attacks. What he and Angela had talked about. All of it. But if they honestly believed that he would cheat on Steve or that he was capable of murder, how likely were they to believe his excuse for his behavior? They already pegged him as guilty. He SHOULD get a lawyer, at this point. But once he made up his mind, he was stubborn to change it. The evidence, or lack thereof, would prove his innocence. Telling the agents about the inner workings of his mind would just make them think he was crazy. So he settled for non-specific answers to tide them over until the evidence proved he was telling the truth. “Why Fury kept us separated.”
“Figured you’d need it,” he bent down to give the brunette a thorough kiss, “since JARVIS told me you barely got any sleep last night.”
Tony took in her crossed arms, stiff back, and red-rimmed eyes. He wanted to walk away, to not even dignify her question with an answer, but he needed to make her understand. “No, Pepper.” He looked her right in the eye. “I never cheated on you. Just like I never cheated on Steve.”
Tony slow blinked. The sound of his AI’s voice sounding far away, barely registering over the buzzing in his ears (“definitely shock,” Bruce would say.) He vaguely noted that he was swaying a bit on his feet- he couldn’t tell if the movement was slight or if he looked like he was dancing to a slow tune in his head.
“What the hell, Coulson!? Did you shut off JARVIS? Fury teach you that trick?” Tony was furious. NO ONE interfered with his beloved AI.
“One, it was just supper revolting. No fever, no body aches. Told you I should’ve gone to bed without eating. Two, I didn’t have a nightmare. Just a weird dream is all- no caves, no wormholes. Just an average, makes-no-sense-upon-waking, dream and I barely remember it. If it’d been that bad, I would’ve woken you, honest. But there was no sense in both of us being sleep-deprived. I handle it better than you do, my body’s used to functioning after days with no shut-eye.”
Whatever Tony had been expecting, it hadn’t been that. He tapped his fingers against his chest- a habit that remained even though the arc reactor was long gone.
The sun had been up for about an hour when Steve finally headed to Tony’s lab. He hadn’t slept at all that night after being woken up by the nightmare and he knew the genius hadn’t either. He checked in with JARVIS multiple times, looking for updates on his status and JARVIS had replied the same way every time- “Sir is in moderate emotional distress and is working on the HYDRA/Chitauri remote. He wishes to be left alone.” At least, it had been the same response EXCEPT for the last time he asked.
Tony paled and muttered something about going back to his lab. Steve silently reached for his shoulder and gave a gentle squeeze then ran his hand up and down his back to give him a reminder that they were going back upstairs to talk.
A few floors above Steve's head, Tony sat in a similar defeated posture on the closed lid of the lab toilet. He had a towel still wrapped around his arm, trying to stop the blood from seeping through the two edges skin barely held together by superglue and sheer determination. From his perch, he didn't hear the locks on the bullet-proof cases surrounding each suit of armor click into place, barring them from creator.
Tony's been a bad boy keeping secret meetings from Steve, but that's just the beginning. He's good at hiding things and it just may get him killed. Things are going to start going downhill fast in the next chapter, so stay tuned...
There was no mistaking the voice the answered after the second ring. “To what do I owe the pleasure, Director?” Straight to the point was always Nick Fury’s style. “Judging by the echo, I’d say this isn’t a private conversation.” He also never missed a beat.
Tony winced as he slathered soap over the cut then rinsed it. He checked for blistering on his palms, but the skin didn’t appear to be bubbled or broken. “You’re no help.” He grabbed a nearby towel that he knew was clean and wrapped his forearm, trying to stop the blood flow.
Steve and Tony shut their respective doors, the blonde shaking his head as though in wonder of how he got stuck with these man-children as his family, and followed the grumpy scientist. Bruce was at least kind enough to hold the sliding, automated door for them. Though, that may have been more so JARVIS.
Tony gulped. He knew he’d regret deleting the messages. “I deleted them, wiped them from the server. I didn’t want Steve to find out before I was ready to tell him about meeting her. If you doubt my story so much, check HER phone.”
Tony stayed still, not responding. He didn’t know if he’d get a word in anyway before she’d interrupt or assault him again. This time, though, she actually seemed to be waiting for an answer.
Tony tip-toed into the adjacent bathroom, waiting until the door was securely shut before whispering, “JARVIS, lights to 50%.” As the room brightened, he grabbed a towel from the rack and wedged it against the bottom of the door to block the light from showing through the crack between it and the floor, stopping it from making its way into the bedroom.
“Here’s MY theory.” She leaned forward as though about to tell a juicy story. “Bruce mentioned that she was kind enough to buy you coffee and you saw an in. Your favorite past-time seems to be pissing Fury off, so what better way to give him the middle finger than to do the very thing he was trying to prevent. You took advantage of the situation, and offered to return the favor by treating her to an after-dinner coffee to ‘repay the favor.’ Dr. Serafin wanted to make amends, so she agreed. You played the part of a gentleman, offering to walk her back to her motel afterwards. You then turned on the Tony Stark charm that SO MANY women have fallen for before and got yourself invited in. Things happened. Somehow she ended up dead.”
Bruce heard Tony mutter under his breath something about donating the AI to a museum to be used as an automated tour guide, but begrudgingly picked up the coffee and put the lid back on it though he made no move to actually drink it. He sighed again and started for the door, feeling a patented Tony Stark glare burning into his shoulder blades. He called over his shoulder, “I let Angela know you say thank you,” and walked out.
When they arrived to SHIELD headquarters, Tony voluntarily was finger printed and had his cheek swabbed to supply DNA to compare any evidence to. He also submitted to a physical exam, where a physician examined every inch of skin, looking for any defensive wounds. He didn’t like it, but he would do what he had to do to prove he was innocent. Tony only hesitated when they started taking pictures of his body, expressing how regretful SHIELD would be if any of them ended up online. Hill, who’d been hovering nearby the entire time making Tony incredibly uncomfortable, assured him the pictures would stay in SHIELD custody.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, I didn’t mean to waste your time in coming here. It appears there’s been a bit of a mix up and your lab clearance has been revoked. Give us a day or two and we’ll see what we can do. In the meantime, Dr. Banner is more than welcome to accompany me inside and he can get started-“
“Of course, Sir.” A beat of silence. “Sir, may I point out that you left the workshop door to the in-between open?”
“You Midgardians certainly do have interesting physiology. I never would’ve known that you require digital stimulation to pass gas.” Thor took a bite of his poptarts, still not quite getting the joke. Thor was an intelligent guy- but there were still some Midgard-isms he hasn’t quite picked up on and Tony loved taking advantage of that. Fortunately, the Asgardian God had a good sense of humor.
She was not deterred. “No, seriously, if it wasn’t for the fact that I’m now going to lose my research to a playboy, I’d be happy to point out that the note is well-founded. You practically eye-fucked me as soon as I stepped out of the lab.”
He couldn’t remember the last time he ate. They tried to feed him at SHIELD after they’d locked him in his little hell-cubicle, but he didn’t eat their disgusting rations out of protest. He hadn’t eaten breakfast the day before either because Coulson, Hill and their lackeys had shown up before he’d had the chance to even enjoy an entire cup of coffee. Not that he had much of an appetite anyway, but his legs were starting to shake and he was getting black spots in his vision. An empty stomach and severe blood loss were a bad combination for someone desperately trying to maintain consciousness.
Usually when he had an attack, he could pinpoint what had triggered it and remove it or himself from the area. It was harder when the triggers were nightmares, but at least he or Steve could talk him down from it. But there was nothing to remove, nowhere to go, and no explanation for the deep feeling of dread and fear that lodged itself in his lungs, making it hard to breathe. Granted, the strange dream he had last night might have something to do with it, but he had no way to talk himself down because he had no idea what it meant or where it had come from. When he dreamt of a cave in Afghanistan or the wormhole, he told himself those experiences were over and done with and he’d survived. When he dreamt of Obi ripping the arc reactor from his chest, he reminded himself that the bastard was dead and the arc reactor no longer made him vulnerable to betrayal.
Steve had to admit, he had no idea what movie they’d chosen; he was too engrossed in his concerns about the man in front of him. He thinks it has something to do with using magic to rob banks. It honestly sounded kind of silly to him. “Uhhh…”
Steve sat up and swung his legs off the side of the bed. “Isn’t that a conflict of interest? Your primary suspect owns the tower.” He couldn’t bear to say his name.
Tony licked his dry lips. They felt cold. If he could see himself in the mirror, he’d bet he was white as a sheet. “I- what? I fainted? That’s something I do?” Howard would be appalled.
Tony felt his pulse quicken a bit, but took a few deep breaths to squash his panic. He’d managed to go two and half days without an incident by avoiding the woman. Nothing nefarious had happened by being in the same building as Dr. Serafin and Bruce even seemed to have a taken a little bit of a liking to her.
“-that your obvious attempts to change your image was just you grasping at straws and some semblance of good PR. The ‘Merchant of Death’ was a good moniker for you- all you do is leave a trail of bodies and broken hearts in your wake.”
“Okay, then. Yeah, you can use the tower.” Steve waited for Coulson’s response, but when none was forthcoming he started to worry. “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
Tony felt his eyes dry up as he went numb, the only sensation making its way into his brain was the pain in his chest and the tingling of his hands as he continued to stare down at the ring on the floor. He couldn’t breathe. The only sound in the room was Steve’s heavy pants that he forced the air through his nose, his mouth drawn into a tight line. After a few erratic beats of his breaking heart, Tony bent down to pick up the neglected piece of jewelry with a shaking hand- a symbol of his love that Steve had promised to never remove from his finger.
“I don’t know. The note was made by Director Fury and can’t be amended. I tried to but I keep getting denied.”
Tony sighed and reached over to turn up the flow of hot air coming from the dash and turned up the seat heater from the mild 2 to more toasty 4. He was reminded by the nasty nip in the air coming the large open hatch at the back of the vehicle why road trips in late January are a lot less fun than during the summer months. Why on Earth Steve had been dead-set on a honeymoon in Paris, where it would still be cold in the Northern Hemisphere in early March was beyond him. Honeymooning in one of the most romantic cities in the world is ridiculously appealing, though. Steve had argued that instead of changing the venue, they should change the date to a warmer month, but Tony was as steadfast with the date as Steve was with their honeymoon locale. Six months was a reasonable enough time to get everything planned while still not having his patience wear thin while waiting. He’d waited long enough to make the super soldier his and they lived risky lives. Paris in late winter/early spring it was. Maybe they’d get lucky and there’d be an early heat-wave. Steve was excited about the prospect of the trees budding and his artist’s fingers were itching to draw Paris in the early stages of a spring blossom. He’d never deny Steve that opportunity.
Tony seemed to sense the presence of his favorite beverage from his favorite café and looked up from his work. “Brucie-Bear! You brought me coffee! This is why you’re my favorite.” He was grabbing the cup out of the carrier before Bruce had a chance to set it down on the table. He brought the cup to his lips and took a sip, then swallowed, smacked his lips together and went, “Ahhhhhhhh!”
Bruce started. “That’s weird. She’s been here on time the last two days. Has she left a message explaining why she’s late?” He checked his own phone and Steve decided to check his as well. “Nothing. You, Steve?”
Tony grimaced. “My bad. He really chewed you out? I figured he was going on about more vintage Cap memorabilia.”
“Well, did you see something?” He turned on the water in the sink and submerged the gash to clean it, letting the cool water sooth his forearm and palm. Leaving his arm under the stream, he opened up the medicine cabinet above his head and started to gingerly pull out gauze, tape and butterfly closures, careful of the other afflicted hand. He was about to shut the cabinet when he saw the super glue and grabbed that as well.
Tony would be lying if he told himself he wasn’t starting to freak out slightly. After storming out of the kitchen, he barely made it to the elevator and up to his lab before the beginnings of yet another anxiety attack gripped him. He sat in the rolling chair he had vacated earlier when he straddled Steve and pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes, taking deep breaths. “JARVIS, lockdown the lab and engage privacy mode.” He couldn’t see it with his eyes closed, but he assumed the windows that served as walls had darkened, blocking anyone outside from seeing in. He didn’t need anyone to see him having a freak out, especially when he didn’t know what was causing it.
Tony made a noise that could be best described as a “squee” and gave a slight shake of both his fists that was more than a little reminiscent of a gesture a teenage girl would make after finding out that Justin Bieber was coming to their town for a concert- though he would fervently deny it if ever accused of doing it. “Road trip with my favorite people!? Fantastic! I’ll text Happy and cancel the car. He’ll be, well, happy, that he doesn’t have to miss this week’s episode of ‘Downton Abby.’ But first, coffee.”
“Why didn’t you call me? I’ve been home almost all day, Pepper’s the one who picked me up, I’ve sure she mentioned it. Why didn’t you call me?”
After cleaning up from dinner, Steve, Nat, Clint and Thor decided to settle in for a movie while Bruce retreated back to his lab to finish up some more work before retiring for the night. He’d mentioned earlier when they were eating that they were almost finished analyzing the collars and remote and that Tony was eager to wrap it all up and send Dr. Serafin back to SHIELD. Steve was more than ready for their project to be finished. Dr. Serafin wasn’t the problem- the woman barely made a peep and almost never stepped out of the lab. Even Clint, Natasha, and Thor had realized that she wasn’t posturing for a fight and had backed down on their attempts to intimidate her.
Coulson cut her off with a raise of his hand in a placating gesture. “No one is insinuating anything about you in particular, but I understand their hesitance to leave it here with us.”
“I kept if from him because I knew he would be mad if I met up with her, or even try to stop me. But I had questions and she was offering answers. I’m a scientist, the desire to figure things out is ingrained in my DNA.”
Tony seemed to hesitate again, but then loosened his posture and bit and leaned into the warm chest in front of him. “Yeah, ok.”
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “Seriously, do our conversations always have to go to the gutter when we’re eating?”
Takes place about a week before the events of Chapter 1 and incorporates the heart-breaking flashback Tony had.
Tony placed another kiss on Steve’s cheek before FINALLY climbing out of the car that all of sudden seemed to spite him. He gestured to the back and said, “Leave it. This is our private garage, it’s secure. We can recruit the rest of the troops at a less ungodly hour to help.”
Bruce gave an awkward cough and said, “If you’ll follow us, we’ll show you to where you’ll be working.”
“Seriously, are your design guys color-blind- why is everything here greyscale? You need more hotrod red in here. If it’ll make you feel more badass, you can call it ‘blood red.’ Freak your enemies out when you bring them in for interrogation, make ‘em think you’ll paint the walls with their innards if they don’t cooperate.” Tony was pretty sure he heard a snort of suppressed laughter from Bruce as he trailed behind him. Bruce was never the one at the head of the pack, always happy to bring up the rear and deflect attention from himself by hiding behind those in front and not even letting anyone know he was there. Tony didn’t mind because that left Bruce free to observe and form an opinion, which Tony held a very high regard of. It was also hilarious to see their enemies startle when Hulk leapt up from the back to defend his friends and comrades. Highlight of the fight.
Tony getting sick a few nights ago was distressing enough, but he was also starting to see signs of sleep deprivation and Steve was starting to worry that his nightmares had come back. It felt like taking a few steps backwards in their relationship by Tony not wanting to talk about it. It had taken awhile when they first starting sharing a bed to get Tony to open up about what the nightmares were about so Steve could help him come down from them, but eventually he had and now didn’t seem to hesitate at all when he needed Steve’s comfort. Now it was like they were back to square one.
Tony turned away from the window and looked up the ceiling- a habit he picked up from Steve. “What,” he asked, breathless.
“Oh, my God. What did I just do?” Steve brought his hands up to his face and slumped against the island.
This chapter and chapter 13 were supposed to be one, but it got REALLY wordy. Next chapter should be posted soon.
Eventually, the silence was broken as JARVIS’ voice filled the room. “Sir is home and inquiring as to your whereabouts. I informed him of your location but he has yet to head in your direction.” The entire group tensed.
Steve shook his head and leaned back into the car over the driver seat and the consul to reach the latch and free Tony, who repaid him with a wet kiss to the cheek and a sickly sweet, “My hero!” Tony then reached for the handle, only to jar his hand and shoulder when the door wouldn’t budge due to lock still being engaged.
Bruce took the lead with the science talk since Tony remained silent. “We believe they’re control collars, meant to contain enhanced individuals. Which means HYDRA could be illegally experimenting on people to create more enhanced. It could also be that they’re meant to contain enhanced threats against HYDRA, such as you and me. Agent Serafin may have the most experience with these devices, but Tony and I have the most experience reverse engineering Chitauri tech which is the basis of these devices. Not to mention, that while I trust Coulson and Hill, I don’t think I feel comfortable leaving control collars meant to restrain people like ME with an agency that had a pest problem with HYDRA in the recent past.”
The agents looked about to lower their weapons entirely when Steve spoke up. “What? Absolutely not. That’s ridiculous, Tony didn’t murder anyone!” The agents reconsidered and kept their guns up.
There's a reason I went into so much detail with the in-between. It's important in later chapters and since it isn't canon (that I know of, though I wouldn't be surprised if Tony had more access points to the workshop than what we see in the MCU) I felt it needed to be described.
Bruce shook his head. “You are absolutely obscene. And I’m pretty sure you’re marrying your actual favorite.” He hesitated. “Also, you should know, the coffee isn’t from me, it’s from Angela.”
As Steve’s mind wandered over the enigma that was his future husband, he didn’t notice the man himself wander in from the elevator and make his way over. Before he had a chance to react, he had a lap full of genius, who immediately hooked his hand around to the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him down for a kiss.
Upon entering his old home, he went straight for the bathroom and began tearing apart the under-sink cabinet. He was rewarded with a bar of Irish Spring that had fallen to the back. As he started the water and began to undress, he called out, “JARVIS, lock down my floor.”
When the flow of blood from his arm finally stopped, Tony tossed the red (formerly white) towel on the floor near the small shower stall. Well, small by Tony Stark standards, but larger than those found in most homes. His mind not having caught up his heart, he thought for a moment that Steve would get huffy if he found the discarded towel on the floor. He started to pick it up, then remembered that Steve no longer gave a damn what the state of his lab bathroom was and dropped it again out of spite. Steve doesn’t care that there’s a towel on the floor and he certainly wouldn’t care that it was covered in such a vital body fluid as his former fiancée’s blood. A lot of blood, actually, Tony realized as he swayed a bit on his feet and grabbed onto the lip of the sink for support. His gaze travelled down to where his hands clung to the edge with a white knuckled grip, his eyes catching on the lighter band of skin where there used to a ring blocking the sunlight from darkening it to an even more olive hue.
“I told them I’d make more, but they insisted on a duel,” Bruce said from his place on a stool at the kitchen island, calmly sipping his tea, a bowl of unfinished fruit salad sitting by his elbow.
Tony snorted a laugh, the dream already being rubbed from this eyes by the finger pads of his right hand. “It’s all good Brucie-Bear, I’ll just be sure to rouse you some unexpected morning with an air horn.”
20 minutes later, Tony made his way from the penthouse to the common floor. JARVIS had already informed him that Steve wasn’t happy and he was about to make the poor guy’s mood worse.
“Let you spew more lies about where you’ve been, what you’ve been doing and who you’ve been doing them with? I’m done with your flimsy excuses.”
“Don’t you dare,” Tony growled out between shallow pants. “Don’t you dare tell anyone. JARVIS, activate protocol 121-“
“What!?” Tony stepped back, away from Steve. “No. No. God, no. Steve, it’s not like that. Just, no.” He shook his head. “No, nothing like that.”
“I, uh…” he struggled to get any words out, his mouth suddenly going dry. “I- yeah, ok. Ok. I’ll come with you.”
Some of you may argue that Steve is OOC but I believe his reaction is an understandable one. We've all seen in the movies that when Steve is angry or hurt, he can be a vindictive little SOB. Just look at their interaction on the helicarrier in the first Avengers movie. There's something about Tony that makes people want to take him down a few pegs and I think that having his heart broken would give Steve plenty of reason to be cruel. Tony hurt him and he wants to hurt him back. Sorry if it upset anyone.
“Right, because that ended SO WELL for you last time,” Natasha said, with a perfectly-groomed, arched eyebrow.
Steve turned to Tony with a questioning look in his eye and Tony turned away. “You wanted to take me for questioning, I presume?” He cleared his throat. “Well, let’s go.”
“Not yet, no. We’ve got some of our best scientists on it but it’s too soon to tell. Figured Stark and Banner could take a look as well and see if it’s anything to be concerned about.”
Tony vaguely heard Steve mention something about maps and unmistakably heard Thor go on a small, but loud, speech about the possibility of finally being able to get his hands on his ill-tempered but sorely missed brother’s scepter, and finally they all filed out of the conference room. Tony calculated that he had enough time grab a coffee before Happy’s arrival as he fell into step next to Steve and Bruce heading in the direction of the communal kitchen and his precious, precious caffeine.
“Seriously, what did happen? Ya know, I thought I knew since I was actually the only person who was there, but everyone else seems to believe something different, so obviously I’m wrong.”
“Fine. We were wondering if the carpet matches the drapes in your suite. Apparently, that’s a very important part of home design in your realm. Though, personally I believe that as long as the color scheme is visually appealing-“
“You already do that, even before you guys decided to officially adopt your status as team parents,” Natasha pointed out.
Tony hesitated. He hated lying to Steve. “You’re gonna hate me. Pepper called, she was livid. I completely forgot I have a dinner with some investors at 6:15 at Casa Negro. I’m obviously running REALLY late and have to run.” He was already walking backwards, towards the elevator, hoping Steve didn’t see the tell-tale cold sweat that had broken out across his brow. “I’m sorry, Sweetheart, really. It smells delicious and I’m jealous. I’ll make it up to you. Tomorrow. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. All family affairs, I’ll be up for every meal. Promise. I love you!” The door closed before Steve could reply and as Tony rode the elevator car down to the garage, he ran a shaking hand across his forehead to mop up the sweat. Eh, this jacket needed to go to the cleaners anyway.
Steve looked up from angrily poking at a poor, defenseless tomato and arched an eyebrow. “What’s with the suit?”
“Fuck. That. We drove 3 and a half hours to get here. In case you haven’t heard, I kind of have a lot on the plate being the main shareholder, face and R&D head of a multi-BILLION dollar company, superhero-ing, developing and maintaining tech for YOUR super-shady government agency and the Avengers and now you’re telling me that MAYBE you’ll be able to get me in at a later date after you asked for my help!? Not gonna fly with me. So here’s what YOU’RE gonna do. You’re going to get me and my science bro in to look at your little pet project RIGHT NOW or not at all. Not up for negotiation.” Tony delivered his speech with the cool, cutting precision of a well-versed and experienced CEO who was very good at getting what he wanted. Just because Tony found the CEO position boring and better pandered off to someone with more patience, didn’t mean he wasn’t good at it.
Tony swallowed and steeled himself. “I take it then she told you about the shit-storm here, then? The ridiculous accusations leveled against me-“
“We’re watching a movie.” Steve arched his eyebrow and refused to move. He was still mad at Tony for ditching dinner, but only a little bit. Tony couldn’t keep neglecting SI business and Steve couldn’t begrudge him a dinner meeting since it wasn’t often he had to go to them, usually sending Pepper instead.
Steve stood staring at the garbage shoot for a few moments after Tony left the room, his face a mixture of horror and anger. Clint jumped off of his perch and made his was over to him the same time Natasha did. Thor stood rooted at his spot near the fridge and Bruce was still seated at the table, his orange abandoned as he focused on calmly breathing- in through his nose, out through his mouth.
“Only once. You all were bugging me and I wanted to clear the room. Not my fault Thor didn’t know to say no.”
“That isn’t a good thing, Tony.” Steve gave him a full sweep of his eyes from the top of his head to the soles of his feet and apparently was satisfied enough that he wasn’t downplaying what had happened last night. Tony had caught his reflection in the lab’s bathroom mirror about a half an hour ago and knew that while he was tinkering away with the tech he’d unloaded from the Escalade that his color had returned and looked no worse for wear, except for some dark-ish circles under his eyes. Honestly, he’s looked a lot worse.
He talked to Steve about an hour ago when he came down to let him know that dinner would be ready around 6:30 with a strongly worded suggestion that he actually leave his lab to come up and join everyone else. Apparently his fiancé was tired of him playing hermit crab. Tony just wanted to wrap up the project and get the offending scientist out of his home so everything could go back to normal. They were almost done; they’d gleaned most of what they could from the tech without subjecting some poor soul to any testing of the devices but Tony still wanted to study the alien signal transponders first. He suspected that if he could apply the technology to the Avengers and SHIELD’s comm units, they’d get much better signal strength if teammates were ever separated by long distances, mountainous terrain, or stronger metals. He had a theory that it may even pass through vibranium and he was already planning a way to test it using Steve’s shield. Coming up for dinner would push that back, but he promised Steve he’d be up. Between Tony’s avoidance techniques, which he’s heard were unnecessary since the SHIELD scientist didn’t go anywhere except Bruce’s lab, and the long hours logged in his own lab, they haven’t had much time together since Dr. Serafin arrived. Except the occasional shared meal that Steve would bring down to make sure he didn’t starve, the only time Tony even saw him was during the few moments he was awake after trudging upstairs after 1am each evening to collapse into their bed.
“Knowing you, it’s the same thing. Tony Stark doesn’t meet a woman in her motel room and not have sex with her.” Coulson delivered the last line with a cold stare.
Tony went back to looking at the notes on the papers scattered on the table. He noticed the writing was feminine and was what covered the majority of the considerable stack the papers made up. He couldn’t help himself and asked, “So what was that all about anyway? She seems competent enough and knows this project better than anyone. Why remove her from the room before I could enter? What about her made you revoke my clearance to begin with?”
“Why does that bother you so much?” Coulson tilted his head, as though simply curious. You’d think they were discussing the weather and his nonchalance made Tony want to slap him. And people said HE was unfeeling.
Tony was left in the back of one of the SHIELD vehicles with one of the unnamed agents for what felt like forever. Tony assumed Coulson, Hill, and the other three agents had gone with Steve up to their penthouse to retrieve the clothing Tony had worn last night. They didn’t have a warrant but Tony had given his permission and so they didn’t need one. Anyway, he was sure Coulson would’ve found a way to get away with improper search and seizure so there was no need fighting it. He was a little upset when he saw a tow truck pull into the tower parking garage and then come out with his beloved orange Audi about 10 minutes later. He turned to the agent who was left to babysit him and growled, “There better not be even a nick on her when I get her back.” The agent didn’t bother to respond, but did give a smirk. Tony suspected that if the agent had his way, his beloved car would be smashed with a wrecking ball. SHIELD didn’t like Tony on a good day, and this definitely wasn’t a good day.
Tony had no idea how long he stood at the sink, staring at the white tile between the medicine cabinet and counter top. His mind was blank, which was a feat in and of itself. An outside observer would probably diagnose it as shock, but that concept was lost on him as numbness settled into his body.
. Sure, he banters like usual and is still affectionate with Steve. He’s been hiding out in his lab, but that wasn’t unusual either. Every time Steve went down to hang out with him, either to eat or to just sit on the couch and sketch while he worked, Tony always seemed distant and tense. Not I’m-absorbed-in-my-work distant; it was more like, I’m-hiding-something-from-you-so-stay-away. It was similar to what Pepper had described from when Tony had been dying of palladium poisoning. After getting over the initial awkwardness of talking to Tony’s ex about their relationship, Steve had found a confidant in Pepper Potts when Tony was being particularly difficult to understand. She explained that Tony tends to become distant whenever something makes him uncomfortable and it was important to know the signs of what type of distance he was creating in order to overcome it and get him to talk. She also explained that sometimes, no matter what anyone does to try to get him to open up, it won’t work and the best thing to do is to be there for him while he works it out on his own. Steve has struggled with that last bit. Not the “being there” for Tony part, that’s easy. He’ll always be there for Tony. The thing he had a hard time with was standing off to the side while Tony was obviously struggling with something and having no idea how to make it better.
As Coulson disappeared through the double doors, Bruce remained at Tony’s side; though, it was more so to try to keep Tony calm and away from tackling the still-scornful looking SHIELD agent who remained with them. “Do you think we should text Steve and let him know what’s going on?” he asked quietly as he turned to him, in attempt to distract the angry engineer.
Tony stood up from the chair and made his way to the elevator, heading to the penthouse to clean himself up.
Other than a depiction of an anxiety attack, there shouldn't be any triggering content in this chapter.
“You’re losing your edge, Rogers,” he said, stopping in front of Steve. “Should probably go back to target practice. Your aim was off.” Tony pulled open a small door that was built into the pillar and tossed the ring that he still had in his hand into the bucket that unfolded every time the door was opened. “You missed the garbage shoot.” As he shut the door, everyone in the room could hear the faint clattering that the vibranium jewelry made as it traveled down to inevitably disappear into the waiting dumpster below.
Tony was getting ready to protest the interruption and reaching for the screwdriver in Steve’s hand when his stomach loudly rumbled. He stopped and sighed. “Betrayed by my own body. What’d you bring me?”
Coulson narrowed his eyes. “Since we’re no longer a front for HYDRA. Believe it or not, Mr. Stark, we’re not the bad guys.”
A vague, “Hm,” was all the response he got. He might be aware Steve was there, or at least that SOMEONE was there, but Tony’s mind was obviously still somewhere in Science Land. Honestly, Loki could’ve been sitting on Tony’s shoulders with knife pressed to his neck and he would still have been oblivious. With the tip of his tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth, hair sticking up at all angles after roughly running his hand through too many times to count, oil stains spattering the well-fitting tank top and jeans, and smudges of grease on the side of his nose and all over his arms, Steve thought Tony always looked adorable like this. And remarkably attractive. Very, very attractive. Tony in his engineering element was a beautiful thing to behold. Steve has immortalized many scenes just like this in his sketch book, his favorites being any involving the Iron Man suit. He had an armor kink, so sue him.
As they continued eating their lunch in companionable silence, Tony slowly grew more somber. Despite the fact that everything seemed to be going smoothly, he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was very, very wrong.
Finally, Director Coulson, Agent Hill, and the rest of their merry band of assholes came out- evidence bags in hand. They loaded up the back of the other car and pulled away from the tower towards a nearby airfield where a SHIELD jet waited for them. Tony was grateful they weren’t driving all the way to D.C.- three hours is a long time when the handcuffs binding your hands and arms behind your back are chafing. Tony hoped no one saw him being arrested when he was taken out of the tower. He didn’t see any paparazzi but nowadays everyone has a smartphone that they could film him with and send videos to TMZ. Pepper would have an aneurism if word got out that Tony/Iron Man was being arrested for murder. Stocks would drop. Children would cry. It would be a disaster.
Steve looked down at the floor, bracing himself to ask the question that he knew he had to but not knowing how. When he looked up, Tony was still avoiding his gaze. That would not do. Not for such a personal conversation. He made his way closer, stopping only an few inches from Tony’s front and slowly brought his hand up to his chin, gently tilting his face up to encourage him to make eye contact. His face came up, but Tony’s gaze stayed glued to something off to the side. Steve sighed. “Tony, did something happen?”
Feeling utterly abandoned, Tony felt a pang for the one person he knew would never leave him. Rhodey had been through everything with Tony- every triumph, every failure, every heartbreak, and every fuckup. Even when Tony was at his worst, his best friend had been there for him holding his proverbial hair back or even his beer when Tony had been able to convince him to join in his shenanigans. For all of Rhodey’s claims that Tony had been the bad influence, he knew better and knew Rhodey had been on-board and encouraging for plenty of their misadventures. If there was anyone who would stand by him now, it would be James Rhodes. Tony started to feel safer already, imagining Rhodey in gleaming War Machine armor (he refused to call him Iron Patriot), standing sentinel in front of him, protecting him from even the might of the Avengers. He’d never TELL Rhodey that, knowing he’d be teased unmercifully for imagining him as a his literal knight in shining armor, but it still made him feel better.
“Not only did you cheat on your fiancé, who happens to be the BEST THING that has EVER happened to you, but you used me to do it.”
Fury didn’t let him finish. “I was also contacted by her father after she joined us. He figured that after your ‘I am Iron Man’ speech that we’d be working with you. He didn’t like the idea of his daughter working with a notorious man-whore, so I promised him that I’d make sure you never crossed paths.”
This time there was no hesitance and JARVIS’ voice carried a note of insistence when he said, “I have no doubt that you are neither a murderer nor an adulterer, Sir.”
Sorry my posting schedule is so erratic. There's no rhyme or reason to it, I just need to get this story out of my head before it burns my brain.
That made the decision a lot easier. “Take me to my floor. My OLD floor. And don’t tell Tony where I am.”
“-I can assure you, that the color scheme isn’t the most important part. What’s MOST important is cleanliness-“
“The intel proved to be good and we managed to recover quite of a bit of Chitauri tech. Most wasn’t impressive, as much as that can be said about alien technology, but there were a few interesting pieces. It looks like they were trying to build something big with the little bits, but they didn’t get very far,” Coulson’s visage from the viewing screen informed them. All the Avengers were gathered- Tony, Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor- and were placed randomly about the large meeting table.
Tony debated internally if he really wanted to tell Steve about the weird feelings he got from the agent. Part of him did- he didn’t like keeping things like that from him. Unfortunately, he wasn’t sure he could appropriately articulate exactly WHAT had happened and he certainly didn’t know WHY. He had hoped Fury and his note could shed some light on it, but he didn’t know what it WAS. Just a feeling of unsettling familiarity that his memory couldn’t account for, and it made him very on edge. He settled for saying, “Curiosity, I guess,” with a shrug.
“No promises,” Tony replied with a smirk, which earned him an eye-roll in return. Before the door closed behind Steve as he stepped into the “library”, Tony hollered “be sure to check out ‘Hogwarts: A History’ for a bit a light reading!” Tony didn’t get to hear the fond, exasperated sigh that came from his team leader.
Steve continued his rampage. If he realized the fear he was inflicting on Tony, he made no indication of wanting to stop. “All this time I DEFENDED you. I PROTECTED you. It turns out it was myself who I should have been protecting from YOU.” He didn’t seem to realize the irony in his words as Tony cowed. “They were right! Everything that the media has said about you. That you were a slut, a selfish egotistical bastard who didn’t deserve a spot on the Avengers because you are the LAST PERSON anyone should look up to as a role model-“
Coulson coughed again and he felt Bruce give a slight tug on his elbow. “Hey, Tony, are you alright?”
“It appears Sir is experiencing a massive anxiety attack. Continue talking to him in a soothing voice and try placing a hand gently, but firmly, on his shoulder.”
As the song ended, Tony and Steve were hesitant to break apart and stayed standing in the middle of their bedroom floor in a tender embrace.
“Director Coulson, Agent Hill, and four more SHIELD agents have arrived at the tower and are-“ JARVIS cut off.
A tiny nod of his head was the only sign he showed JARVIS’ camera that he’d heard him (Steve was always mildly disturbed by a camera in the bathroom) before his shaky legs gave out from underneath him and collapsed to the floor, not noticing that his left pinky finger had been hooked into the strap of his shaving kit and toppling it off the counter with the rest of him. At first bracing himself with his arms behind him, the pain in his right arm brought him back to himself slightly and he let his body go all in, splaying his arms out to his sides letting his head hit the floor with a small thump. The small, fleeting thought that he was grateful his bathroom was large enough to allow him to starfish in the middle of it passed through his mind and was gone just as quickly. The buzzing in his ears eased up slightly since his heart no longer had to fight gravity to get blood to his brain. The cool tile felt good on his back, colder on his neck where a stress sweat had accumulated.
Coulson sighed. “There’s a note in your file that clearly states that for whatever reason you and Mr. Stark are not to work together. Unfortunately, it wasn’t until I was preparing the clearances this afternoon that I made the discovery after our computer system denied granting the clearance to him based solely on the fact that you would be in the same lab, working on the same project, at the same time. By the time I found out, they would’ve already been most of the way here and it was too late to call to cancel until it could be rescheduled. The best I could do was deny access to Agent Hnatko’s (Trunchbull, Tony’s mind supplied) key card to keep Mr. Stark out of the lab until it could be rectified.”
Steve managed to pull Tony towards the door and bring him in front of him, placing himself between Tony and the rest of the room. He called over his shoulder, “We’re going out to the car, it’s time we head home. Bruce, I trust you to be able to secure the HYDRA/Chitauri tech and bring it with you. I’m sure Director Coulson could round up some agents to help if there’s too much to carry in one trip.”
Tony woke with a start, his heart pounding in his chest and blood pulsing in his ears. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust and to remember where he was. He could feel the pull of nausea on his stomach stretching up to the back of his throat as he put a hand over his mouth and squeezed his eyes shut to try to suppress it. With his eyes shut, he focused on what he could feel to try to calm himself and breathed deeply through his nose. The feel of the expensive, high thread-count sheets pulled up to his underarms; the heat of the front of Steve’s body nestled close to his back and the weight of his arm where it wrapped gently, but securely, around Tony’s waist. He could feel the moist warmth of Steve’s breath against his neck where he had nuzzled his face in.
Rhodey was in some God-forsaken Middle Eastern country on a mission for the Air Force that Tony was supposed to know nothing, but of course knew everything, about. He was busy fighting the good fight but Tony knew that in an emergency, if he called, Rhodey would answer. Being accused of murder, stripped of his Iron Man mantle, loathed by his deadly house mates, and breaking up with his fiancé damn-well qualified as an emergency.
The room was silent. No one knew what to say. They’d all believed Tony would never cheat on Steve but the evidence that they’d seen so far was pretty irrefutable.
When the room was empty, Coulson’s hand guided Steve to a chair around the conference table in the room that would be their main work station- where they’ll be building the case against Tony. He felt sick to his stomach.
Tony scowled. “I think we’re done here. I told you my side, and when the forensics come back I hope you feel like an ass.”
“You now have 6 te- you now have 7 text messages and 2 voicemails from Director Coul- you now have 8 text messages and 2 voicemails from Director Coulson, Sir. I strongly suggest you answer them.”
After about 5 minutes, the angry yelling grew slightly louder and they could finally pick up snippets of words, mostly things like ‘MY project’ and ‘asshole.’ Things grew quiet again as finally the door opened and Coulson and a very angry female SHIELD scientist stepped out. Tony started at her shoes and worked his eyes up as he took stock of the woman to see if she was a threat. By the time he reached her eyes, he could tell that she took his appraisal of her the wrong way- most people did, which didn’t help his reputation as a notorious womanizer, but he never let it bother him. It was best that people assumed he was thinking of sex when in truth he could tell a lot about people, including their weaknesses, within the first few moments of meeting them. It helped to be underestimated in his line of work.
“Lockdown the lab and engage privacy mode.” Another gasp. “Deactivate every existing emergency override code to my lab. Pepper’s, Steve’s, Rhodey’s, Bruce’s. Every. Single. One.” The windows darkened.
With a sigh to put Coulson’s previous one to shame, Steve stood up and made his way for the door. With his hand on the knob, he turned back. “I’ll do what I can to help you find Agent Serafin’s murderer. But understand that I will NOT help you incriminate an innocent man.”
I'm SO HAPPY to have this chapter off my chest. It's one of the first scenes I'd imagined when this story first started flitting around my brain a couple of months ago and I'm hoping that writing it will purge it. There are more scenes coming up that I can't wait to write, so stay tuned!
“Good evening, sirs, and welcome home. It’s safe to assume that you wish to go to your respective floors.”
Steve turned to Tony and Bruce and gave them a nod. He leaned down to give Tony a chaste kiss and whisper in his ear, “don’t stress them out too much, SHIELD doesn’t have enough psychologists on hand to deal with every agent who comes across Hurricane Stark.”
“What are the locations? Nat and I could put our ears to ground for some chatter and see if we can narrow it down even more,” Clint chimed in.
The rest of the meeting was a blur of voices discussing things that Tony couldn’t be bothered with now that he had his “job” to do, which was figuring out exactly what the hell the HYDRA goons had been trying to build. Funnily enough, it did look remarkably like a very large waffle iron but judging from the shotty photos (seriously, couldn’t SHIELD hire a decent photographer or at least use a StarkPhone to take the pics, it looked like they used a Nokia) the exposed circuitry looked more like something geared towards controlling smaller devices. Before the meeting even ended, Bruce and Tony had both come to the conclusion that it warranted a closer inspection and they wouldn’t be able to decipher what it was supposed to control without seeing the rest of the recovered tech.
Tony arched his eyebrow, though he knew the man on the other end of the line couldn’t see it. Fury had his ways, though, and most likely knew exactly what kind of face he was making.
Natasha smiled wistfully and traced her friends’ faces with her delicate fingers. Then she frowned as she realized that Bruce was right. Even if the case against Tony fell apart and they found out he hadn’t cheated on Steve, things would never be the same. Not after today. Probably never again.
Steve was about to move forward again- he’d chase Tony around the room if he had to- when a loud knock on the glass door interrupted them.
No longer bothering with stealth, Tony barreled out of the room, making his way to the main living area and the attached kitchen. This was his space now- if Steve was present, he’d just kick him out and throw all his crap out the door after him. Fortunately, the space was blissfully empty and Tony made right for the fridge.
Glancing back at the front of the lab to ensure that the front glass walls were still blacked out and that no one could see in, he stooped over a tile at the base of the door and used the thumb nail of his left arm- his right arm ached like a bitch- to dislodge it enough to pull the tile up and away to uncover a hidden lever that, when pulled, would make the door pop open about 2 inches. One of the perks of this old-fashioned system was that he could still access the door in case of a power outage. The in-between was mostly a safety precaution, guaranteeing him access to his workshop- his suits- from another entry point in case the building was ever hacked and JARVIS shut down. It wasn’t even on the building schematics. Blast-proof, fire-proof, and sound-proof, it could be used as a short-term panic room, though its dim lighting could be a bit disheartening. It opened the same way from the other side, and so did the door in the closet. He slipped into the almost-darkness, leaving the door open about an inch and letting in a small strip of light that he inevitably lost as soon as he turned the first corner.
The baddie reveal should happen in the next chapter or the one after that. I wonder if anyone figured it out yet....
“Trust me, Stark, the last thing I am is confused right now. I can probably say that I’m seeing clearly now for the first time since you showed up in my hospital room with my shield after fishing it out of the Potomac. I’m not going to let your lies cloud my judgment anymore.” Steve reached for his left hand with his right and Tony’s heart stopped beating entirely.
“Sir, the protocol was activated by Captain Rogers.” If an AI could sound despondent, JARVIS nailed it.
Steve’s smile slipped as he remembered all the times he had shown Tony how much he loved him by making sure he never missed a meal. “I think I’ll go take a shower first, I reek.”
“Don’t worry about that, Steve. It’s an empty threat. Pulling a prank in the morning would require Tony to ACTUALLY be awake in the morning.”
“You two ready to head out? It’s getting late- as it is, we won’t be getting back until almost 10pm,” Steve said, as he bent down to give Tony a quick kiss on the crown of his head. Tony sat in one of the rolling chairs at the cluttered workstation, using a magnifying glass to inspect the human/Chitauri hybrid circuitry. He left the handling of the small screwdrivers to dismantle the tech to Bruce since he still had a slight tremor that he was trying to hide after his earlier anxiety flare up.
“I am according to most of the world’s population, and yeah, I get it, I earned that reputation. But you think I’m a cheater. That I’d cheat on Steve. That if I cheated on Steve, then I MUST have cheated on Pepper. THAT’S what you’re angry about.”
Steve looked to the ceiling with a “God, give me strength” expression on his face, then leveled his gaze with Tony’s. “Sweetheart, you know your curiosity is one of the many things I love about you. But please refrain from letting it cause you to leak classified information in the future.”
An agent walked in with a cup of coffee- sans cream or sugar, but whatever- and placed in the middle of the table without a word, then left. Tony picked it up trying to absorb the warmth. He hoped the two people in the room with him didn’t see his hands shake, but he doubted they missed it. They were spies, after all. He took a tentative sip, which scalded his tongue and couldn’t suppress a wince. It was horrible, but he needed the caffeine to stay awake and beggars couldn’t be choosers. “What are you implying?”
They’d already figured out that the collars and the remote to control them wouldn’t work on individuals whose enhancements involved brute strength, such as Cap or Hulk, which helped put everyone at ease. It was a little unnerving when they came to the conclusion that the enhancements that the collars were meant to contain ran more along the lines of mind control. Tony and Dr. Serafin both ascertained that the pulses given off by the collars were meant to interrupt something similar to brain waves, though they wouldn’t be able to fully understand the implications without someone with such powers to test it on. Given that they’d also determined that using the collars would cause great pain to the wearer, they wouldn’t have tested it even if they had a suitable volunteer.
He also remembered the night that the ring box had sat hidden in his suit pocket, waiting for the perfect moment to get down on one knee and offer Steve his whole heart…
“No, Sir. I was watching you the entire time and never saw anything happen that would explain your injury.”
Steve set the mugs down on the table, Tony already knowing that the one shaped like the Iron Man helmet was his and reaching to grab it.
Despite the heaviness of his eyelids, Tony stared up at Steve’s worried expression and at the anguish and concern marring his face. He could see the stars slowly passing over their heads as he was jostled as gently as the super soldier could manage while executing a bridal carry as Steve ran full speed toward the waiting QuinJet. Tony was only vaguely aware of his surroundings and his body as he came down from the adrenaline high; the burning in his side and tightness in his chest were minor annoyances as he gazed at Steve. Confusion clouded his mind and his heart pounded against his rib cage in a way reminiscent of arc reactor failure as his left arm flapped against Steve’s side and his right arm hung in front of him. He could hear Steve continue calling out assurances to him between pants as he ran.
“Jesus, Tones, answer your phone already. I speak fluent Phil and that sounds like he’s pissed about something,” Clint said.
The quiet scientist made a questioning gesture with his free hand and said, “What part of ‘I can make more food’ did you miss?”
Steve, not realizing that the mood had changed and assuming his lovers movements were the result of ecstasy, dug his fingers into Tony’s hips as he writhed. He was caught off guard and taken aback when suddenly a fist came down hard on his shoulder. It wasn’t enough to bruise the super soldier but it caught his attention. He released his hold of Tony’s hips and pulled his mouth off of his cock. As he looked up and caught sight of the brunette’s anguished face, he jumped off of him and to the other side of the bed in shock. There were tears streaming from his tightly shut eyes and running down into the hair at his temples, his lips moved as he repeated “No, no,” like a mantra. One hand clutched the sheets in a death grip and the other was formed into a fist and floated like a guard over his chest, which was heaving up and down as he hyperventilated. His legs, released from Steve’s weight over them, bent at the knees as though ready to kick if he was approached. Steve was horrified.
Steve barely contained the eye-roll he so wanted to unleash. “That’s not why you’re here, though. You’re here to gather evidence to convict Tony- Iron Man- of murder.”
Director Coulson ignored Tony’s indignant protests and instead turned a stony face to him and his team. “Mr. Stark, we’re going to need you to come with us.”
Agent Serafin stepped forward, turning her glare from Tony to Bruce. “Are you insinuating that I’m HYDRA? That’s a pretty serious accusation to make, Dr. Banner. I’ll have you know, my father worked for SHIELD and before that the SSR to try to wipe that Nazi scum off the face of the planet. How dare you! I-“
“I’ve had two hours to stew in my withdrawal symptoms. The world could be ending and my primary focus would be coffee. Ever see
Exhausted from his unusually emotional night, Steve sighed and settled his head and neck against the pillows. He stayed on his side and wrapped himself around Tony, hoping it will provide enough comfort to keep the nightmares at bay and drifted off to sleep.
Steve was somewhat mollified but still looked unsure. “Fine.” He then looked at Coulson, addressing him. “You’re wasting your time. Tony has an airtight alibi. He was with investors last night in the early evening then with me. I’m sure the people he met and JARVIS will be happy to back up the story.”
“It’s true,” Steve grunted, as he reached farther over the consul to reach the locking mechanism on the door. “I’ve also seen him struggle with lids to medicine bottles.”
Steve hadn’t said anything the night before, still in shock from what had happened at the facility in D.C. They’d followed the SHIELD jet and immediately after landing went about trying to find out more information about where Tony was and details about Dr. Serafin’s murder. Director Coulson and Agent Hill had been sympathetic and taken them to a conference room to fill them in on what they could- it was still an open investigation. Afterwards, they’d questioned them about what had happened on their end, about any interactions between the victim and suspect they might have witnessed and what they knew of Tony’s whereabouts the previous evening. Bruce told them everything he knew about their interactions, which hadn’t been a lot. Steve had reiterated that Tony had an alibi and only wavered slightly when confronted with the video of him at Dr. Serafin’s motel. It wasn’t until they put in a conference call to Pepper Potts and she’d informed them that there had been no such dinner meeting that Steve started to crack. They started gently questioning if Tony had been acting weird and Steve’s expression spoke volumes. With a bit more prodding (and obvious embarrassment), he opened up about what had happened in their bedroom that night after Tony came home from his “dinner meeting” and the following morning. He described the guilty looks that he had brushed off as Tony feeling bad for missing dinner with the team. By the end of it, everyone could tell that Steve was barely containing his upset and they decided to end the conversation after garnering assurances from him and the rest of them that they would call if they remembered anything else of importance. They all agreed that while the circumstances were EXTREMELY suspicious, Tony wasn’t a murderer. The other agreement about him apparently being a cheater went unspoken. Even Clint, who never missed a chance to crack about Tony, was stoic. Before they left the conference room, Coulson offered to let them watch the interrogation. They found Tony’s nonchalance and flimsy excuses to be revolting and his claim that Dr. Serafin had come onto him laughable. After Coulson and Hill exited the interrogation room, the team departed and returned to the tower. Steve didn’t speak the entire ride home- no one did- and silently went to the floor that had been his before moving in with Tony.
Tony smiled at Steve using the nickname. It was obviously a show of solidarity and support since it wasn’t often that Steve adopted any Tony-given monikers. He’d only heard him call Clint “Hawkass” once or twice when the archer was being particularly bold, which of course resulted in Tony getting accused of being a bad influence. “I’m safe and sound then,” he said, without a hint of his usual sarcasm. It was nice knowing that Earth’s Mightiest Heroes had his back. There were a few moments of silence as he continued to tinker before Tony asked quietly, “So what time is she due to arrive?”
The door opened to the communal floor and everyone besides Steve stepped out, giving him comforting half-smiles as the door shut. He released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding as the elevator continued the climb. All of a sudden, it stopped at a point that he knew was between floors. “JARVIS?”
Tony spent the night in an orange jumpsuit on a stiff cot, under a thin blanket, in a cold cell. He dreamt of children playing jump rope and singing. He dreamt of warm fire on a winter night. He dreamt of blood and metal, and a man’s voice saying,
Tony felt his heart rate quicken and a broke out into a cold sweat, and couldn’t understand why he had such a visceral reaction to her. Less than 5 seconds in her presence and he felt the beginnings of an anxiety attack.
Tony gave a derisive laugh, “That’s a new record for me, I think. No wonder I feel like an extra on ‘The Walking Dead.’ That nap I took in the car is going to have to tide me over for the day, I’m afraid. Is Steve still asleep? I didn’t wake him up, did I?”
“Have you already made up your mind like everyone else has? That I’m guilty. That I cheated on Steve and then murdered my mistress.”
Just as they were loading up their arms to make their way inside, Natasha, Clint and Thor showed up to help do the heavy lifting. Aside from acknowledging nods, the group was silent as they made their way to the set of rooms- personal and business- that the Director and his team would be using the duration of their stay. The whole affair had a somber mood.
Steve wasn’t buying it and looked to Bruce, who just shrugged. Obviously, Bruce knew about what had happened earlier, but he couldn’t figure out why it would upset his friend so badly.
Bruce finally looked up in reaction to Natasha’s move against Tony, though the others didn’t even twitch. His eyes glanced at the bandage that had previously been hidden by the shirt Natasha still clutched in her grasp. “What happened to your chest?”
She arched an eyebrow at him. “You’re under arrest for murder of an agent, Stark. Probably the only reason you haven’t been beaten bloody is because you’re Iron Man and have an impressive posse.”
“Coulson does. You said it yourself, her notes on the project are impressive and Bruce told me how competent her work seems to be. You were willing to work with her before.”
They followed the Director inside, who took his seat behind his large desk and gestured to the spot near the window where she standing with her hands on her hips. “Captain Rogers, Dr. Banner, Mr. Stark- this is Agent Angela Serafin. You two met her earlier but we didn’t get a chance to properly introduce you.”
Tony gave a brief shake of his head and muttered, “Not yet. He has a job to do, too, going over those maps. If Coulson still refuses, we’ll get him involved. Coulson never could tell Cap no.” As it was, they had discussed on the ride to the facility how to convince SHIELD to relinquish the Chitauri tech to them so they could take it back to the tower and had already agreed to get Steve to ask if they put up a fight. It took some effort to convince him that he wouldn’t be taking advantage of Coulson’s Captain America hero-worship and he only reluctantly agreed after Tony and Bruce made several compelling arguments in favor of keeping the tech close by instead of 3 and a half hours away in D.C.
“Don’t be ridiculous, why do you think it took me so long to answer? There’s nothing and no one around me except vultures and dung beetles.”
Two minutes later, the door opened revealing Coulson who gestured for them to come inside. Tony began to sweat- Agent Serafin apparently got her wish to confront him.
“I- holy shit.” Tony had created a loophole to the protocol without even meaning to. He could feel his heart rate slowly returning to normal. Taking a deep enough breath that finally began to let his mind clear, he asked, “And the suits?”
Tony ignored the dig and closed his eyes in ecstasy as he took another bite. “You’re so good to me.”
Another rumbling laugh as Steve made to break away. “It could be important, I should check it. Coulson mentioned in the last meeting, that YOU missed”- a pointed look was sent Tony’s way- “that SHIELD had some agents looking into intel on a possible HYDRA stronghold where they’ve been hoarding some Chitauri tech they managed to get their hands on.”
Laying on the floor of his bathroom, his world falling apart around him, that last thing he felt was any pride. He didn’t trust his body not to betray him, though, and stayed where he was.
“I’m not the one to ask. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ll leave you two to do what you do. If you have any more questions, you know where my office is.” Coulson turned on his heels and left through the double doors without a backward glance.
Clint turned around to look. “I now it’s been awhile since you did the whole team dinner thing, Stark, but you didn’t have to get dressed up on our account.”
I promise you guys, we're getting close to the good stuff. I'm a stickler for details and setting the scene. I know I've already said it before, but honest, I'm pretty sure things are going to be going south for our merry band of superheroes in the next 1 to 2 chapters. I'm gonna aim for the next chapter, but this story is taking on a life of it's own.
All of Steve’s toiletries were still in the penthouse but he figured there might be a bar of soap on his floor somewhere. Worse came to worse, he’d check his kitchen for dish detergent. At least he knew he had a few towels.
“- and making sure that the shag is the proper length in the all the right places. Well groomed, you would say.”
Her cocky façade only cracked a smidge when Thor let loose another booming laugh and clapped one of his massive hands on her much smaller shoulder, actually making her crumple slightly to the affected side. “You have been bested in battle, Hawkeye. To the victor goes the spoils.”
“Really.” Another kiss to his hand. “Wanna tell me why you were so dead set on finding out what the note was about? Coulson had already said we could take the tech with us.”
As she turned to leave, she caught a glint of gold out of the corner of the eye. Tony’s ring. It was still sitting on the table where he had left it. She pocketed the jewelry and left to go to her own room, her mind in chaos as she tried to make sense of what their lives had turned into in such a short period of time.
Sorry it took so long to post a new chapter- I really struggled with this one. This is more story building and less horror- hope it doesn't disappoint!
“Captain Rogers, Miss Romanoff, Mr. Barton, Dr. Banner, and Thor are currently in the sparring corner of the gym.”
Tony opened his eyes, looking down at the tangle of limbs that he and his lover became every night. Fortunately, it seemed the only part of Steve he’d have to move to wiggle himself free of was his arm; their legs not yet jumbled together. They must not have been asleep for very long.
That left Ritalin, his old friend. Diagnosed with ADHD during the first wave of over-medicating children in the early 80s, Tony has always had a prescription handy since the tender age of 10 when his father finally convinced his mother that he was too old for his hyper-activity to be considered “cute” anymore. The recommended dosage had the desired effect of calming him while just a little bit more pushed him beyond his usual limits and made him almost manic. When he was in grade school, the school nurses insisted on only giving him the prescribed amount and Tony had hated it. It made him slow. Granted, his slow was still faster than all his peers, but Tony hated that he was forced to function at less than what he was capable of. He learned quickly how to hide the pill in his cheek, then spit it out when he left the nurses suite to stash away for an inventing bender. In college, he was left to his own devices and the pills were never used as prescribed again. He went through them quickly during his senior year but he also knew what doctors could be persuaded to call in early refills with a little bit of monetary incentive. He’s Tony Stark- not very many people could tell him no, especially when he was younger and gave absolutely zero fucks.
Tony snorted, rubbing his tired face with his hand, and Steve shook his head. You could always count on Clint to add some levity to a heavy situation, even unknowingly.
“Very articulate. Come to bed with me. I’m tired. Usually our roles are reversed, you should be ecstatic right now.” Tony gave another tug on his hand.
“Yes, she believes that the device is related to some other tech we recovered on a previous raid a few months ago. You said earlier that you think this-“ pointing to the ‘waffle iron’- “is a remote control. She agrees and believes that is has to do with these devices over here.” Coulson led them to a rolling tray with what looked like alien blue tooth headphones, the kind that hang off the back the wearer’s neck.
Tony sat cross-legged on the floor of the penthouse kitchen, clutching the newly-emptied carton of OJ like his life depended on it, when the tell-tale sound of helicopter blades whirring past the windows and away from the tower caught his attention. With a groan, he grabbed the edge of the counter in front of him with his good arm while he loosely held the carton in his right and heaved himself into a standing position, pleased that his vision didn’t swim. Wondering who had the audacity to ignore his protected airspace, he made his way to window just in time to recognize the unmarked SHIELD helicopter before it turned it tail towards the tower and made its way back to D.C.
“I know, I’ve seen you do it before and I also know Natasha and Clint gave you pointers as to what to look for. I wasn’t worried.” Steve smiled at him, and shifted the hand holding his to bring it up to his lips. “HOWEVER…” He was still holding Tony’s hand a few inches from his mouth, which had turned down into a frown, as though to prevent him from trying to escape. “Coulson was NOT happy about you blabbing about Fury’s non-deceased status in front of other people. It isn’t as well-known amongst SHIELD as you think. They’re still keeping things that classified close to their chests before they know for certain that no more HYDRA rats are on premises. He reamed me a new one when Bruce and Hill were loading.”
At this, both Avengers hung their heads and sighed. Before Steve could leave arms reach, Tony pulled him back in for a quick kiss. They stepped apart again, but then Steve tugged Tony’s arm and pulled him back for another kiss, only this time Tony tried to take it deeper and dirtier. With a laugh, Steve tried to pry his lover, who was starting to imitate an octopus by tangling limbs every which way, away long enough to take a steadying breath before having to face the latest mission SHIELD would be asking for their assistance with. “We’ll definitely be continuing this later.”
“Only minor injuries on our end- the bunker wasn’t very heavily staffed or outfitted. They didn’t seem to be expecting us,” Coulson replied with an appreciative smile. Though, given his fanboy mentality when it came to Captain America, Tony was pretty sure that Steve could’ve called the man’s grandma a filthy whore and Coulson would still smile and thank him for his opinion. Tony thought it was hilarious. “We also managed a data dump and found a few more locations of interest, some may even be worthy of the Avengers themselves checking out. Based on some files that we’ve managed to decrypt from this location and some corroborating evidence that you uncovered during your last raid in Bucharest, they may lead us to the scepter.”
“Yes, but babies drool. You were definitely drooling. And honestly, that does seem to perfectly describe your sleeping habits.”
No one else on the team made an attempt to shake her hand, though both Bruce and Thor gave curt nods in greeting. Steve made a mental note that if ever he needed someone other than Bruce or JARVIS to interact with her, Thor would be the best bet.
Steve was not standing anywhere near the front door to the penthouse, in fact, he wasn’t even in the building- sort of. He was actually on the landing pad on the roof, helping Coulson, Hill, and a pair of unnamed SHIELD agents as they unloaded their equipment and whatever else they felt they needed while they were in the tower for the duration of the investigation into Agent Serafin’s murder. He thought they’d actually packed kind of light, until the helicopter they’d arrived in lifted off and another one, this one filled to the brim with boxes and another pair of agents, took its place. They made quick work of that as well and Steve couldn’t help looking up to see if yet another one would be filling the vacancy again.
“We need you to come with us, Mr. Stark,” Coulson said again, his voice neutral and giving nothing away. Tony felt Steve stir behind him and prayed he’d behave.
“Blame your honey. We we’re discussing interior decorating before you two came in,” Clint said around another mouthful.
Clint, who was perched on his usual spot on the counter top next to the sink and still glaring, this time directly at Tony, growled out, “How do you THINK he is?”
Only after feeling his bare butt hit the carpeting did Tony seem to realize that he was nude. “Why the hell am I naked!?”
Tony muttered, “Smartass.” After spitting dramatically a few more times, he leveled a glare at Bruce. “So you’re on a first name basis with her now? Two days and you abandon me for a pretty face.”
Tony looked up from the ring and the memories to look Steve in the eyes. There was no love there- no warmth. Nothing that he’d seen that night on the roof. He saw only anguish, pain and betrayal. And hatred. They weren’t the same baby blues he’d fallen in love with. And the words- those horrible, hurtful words that Tony would have NEVER thought Steve would ever say to him- were burned into his mind.
As he entered, he could see Tony bent over some delicate-looking circuitry and wiring of one of the control collars. Holo-displays floated nearby, filled with numbers and equations that Steve had no hope of even vaguely understanding. Tony set down the small tools in his hands and turned to give him his attention as he said, “Sorry, I forgot I had JARVIS initiate lockdown. I just needed some time to cool down and I didn’t know if you were hot on my heels after I left.” He tilted his head up a bit to give Steve a kiss when the super soldier stopped next to him.
Tony hesitated, wracking his brain trying to decipher what that could mean. Did he just need some alone time to process everything the team had undoubtedly assured him of? Or was he steeling himself for a fight? Should Tony leave him alone or would wallowing in the events of the last 48 hours put Steve more on edge? He decided that the best bet would be to go to the team and get their opinions as to how best to proceed. They’d have a better idea of his mental state.
He felt his elbow connect with something warm and solid- his attacker. Feeling the weight move off of him, but still restrained by sheets holding him down, he continued to twist around until they loosened and then bolted off the bed.
“Aye.” The twang of reverberating metal sang through the air as Mjolnir came to his hand. “But you are not me.”
“Why the hell is there a note that we’re not to work together? Obviously I know who he is, everyone does, but I’ve never met him before in my life.”
Steve was seated on the sparring mat on the floor of the gym, his legs crossed at the ankles and knees brought up to his chest while his arms rested across the top, one hand holding the opposite wrist. His concerned teammates were seated in a circle around him, their postures tense and protective, trying to be reassuring.
The others nodded their acquiescence and Bruce said, “I’ll be sure to make plenty so you can have your fill when you’re finished.”
As the conference call was winding down, Tony informed Coulson he and Bruce would be making a trip to the SHIELD facility to give the tech a more proper once-over to see if it was anything they needed to worry about and he sent a text to Happy informing him that they’d need a chauffeur. As much as Tony liked to drive, he’d rather have to time to brainstorm with the good Doctor about what information they could eek out of the ridiculously crappy photos and what arguments they could make to get the tech transferred to the tower. No way was he leaving these new play things with the SHIELD “scientists.”
“What?” Tony pulled his arm away from his face and held it a few inches away so he could take a look at it. Now that his attention had been brought to it, there was no way he could miss the stinging pain and the blood that streamed from a very deep gash across his right forearm. “JARVIS, did DUM-E cut me? Accidentally, did he bump me while I was passed out?” He stood up quickly, ignoring the way his vision swam, and made his way to the lab bathroom.
Bruce had ended up actually spending more time in his lab with the SHIELD scientist than in Tony’s simply because there was more room to work. Tony’s lab on its best days could best be described as organized chaos, but with all the Chitauri tech beside his personal, Avenger, SHIELD, and SI projects cluttering the worktables it was even worse than usual. As frustrating as it was for Bruce, it was even more stressful for Tony who kept freaking out every time something was moved. That’s why the chaos was described as “organized”- despite all of the things being everywhere, it made sense to Tony and he actually knew exactly where everything was. “I have a system, Bruce!” he’d exclaimed after Bruce had once again complained loudly about not being able to find what he needed and demanding to know how Tony could stand to work like this. So, in truth, both of them had been happy when he returned to his own lab after only a few hours on the first day, before his frustration led to an accidental Hulk-Out.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“You need all the practice you can get in that department, Shellhead. You’re about as stealthy as Liberace at an Amish funeral,” Nat delivered deadpan. Clint laughed and she used his moment of distraction to swoop in and grab the bacon, too fast for mortal eyes to track. Clint continued his end of the staring contest, not even realizing it had ended until a moment later when she arched an eyebrow and brought the bacon to her lips. As his face registered his disappointment, one side her mouth curved up into a smirk.
“I’m NOT working with her, Steve. I’m not SUPPOSED to be working with her, or did you miss the lovely phone call with Fury?”
Tony ignored him and instead opened his eyes, the lab extending beyond the doors and beckoning him. He stood up on unsteady feet and lurched into the space, almost bumping into DUM-E who had come rolling over immediately, concern for the man who gave him life making him even more clumsy. Tony collapsed again in the middle of the floor and placed his forehead on the cool granite, trying to draw in air as his body was wracked by sobs.
“Miss Potts posted your bail. I’ll take you to a changing room then you’re free to go back to the New York. If I were you, I wouldn’t do much travelling. Don’t want to look like you’re running, Stark.”
Hill looked incredulous. “That’s makes no sense, whatsoever. You’re a genius and that’s the best you can come up with?”
Coulson heaved a long-suffering sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Give me a minute.” Then he swiped his badge, got the little green light, and disappeared inside the lab.
Director Coulson- not Phil, not right now- sat in the chair next to him and crossed his ankle over the opposing knee in an open posture. He meant to be as non-threatening as possible but it wasn’t working. Steve was on edge and Coulson knew it.
“Christ, they seriously already have me pegged as the murderer, don’t they? I’m surprised they’re even bothering with an investigation. I’m a dead man. They clearly have no fucking clue what actually happened to her. What’s,” he swallowed, bracing himself to admit it, “what’s happening to me.”
Tony blushed and continued eating. For someone who supposedly had such a large ego, he wasn’t very good at accepting genuine compliments. He had an absurd idea in his mind, ingrained by Howard and reinforced by all the horrible people who’ve come behind him, that he wasn’t worth the effort and didn’t deserve good things. Steve was determined to change that. Tony coughed and changed the subject. “So how did it go getting Agent Satan set up?”
Tony finally turned his attention from the end of the hallway and gave his science bro what he hoped was a reassuring smile, though it felt more like a grimace.
Wrenching open the fridge door with way more force than was necessary and then leaning almost his entire body weight on it, he reached for the nearest sugary beverage- Steve’s orange juice. He unscrewed the top then collapsed on the floor, drinking straight from the carton. Again, he had a fleeting thought that Steve would disapprove of his behavior but instead of worry his pretty little head about it, he leaned against the cabinets that made up the kitchen island and, with the lip of the carton still against his lips, threw the middle finger of his battered right arm at the front door which was the only sense of his former fiancé’s direction he could muster.
As she closed the fridge, her gaze fell on two pictures that were stuck to the door with magnets. The first one was a picture of Tony and Steve. Steve was looking off the side, laughing at something that the camera didn’t capture. Tony was laughing too, but it wasn’t at whatever the super soldier was. Instead his intense chocolate eyes were glued to Steve’s face, the love in his gaze obvious to anyone looking at the picture.
“Yes, though we’re not certain what type of individual they were intended for. Her theory is that they’re meant to control enhanced people. We don’t exactly have willing volunteers to try it out.”
Tony smirked and used the hand Steve was still holding to stabilize himself as he moved out of his chair and onto Steve’s lap, straddling him. After getting settled, Steve let go as Tony used both hands to cup his face and started planting kisses all over, finally ending on his lips. “You have the patience of a saint. One of the many things I love about YOU.” Another kiss, longer and dirtier this time. Steve’s hands bracketed Tony’s hips, keeping him firmly in place. “Saint Steve, my hero.” Kiss. “Having you seated by my side lulled me into a sense of security. Forgot all about HYDRA.” Kiss. “Your fault, really.” Steve growled and ground his hips up against Tony’s. “Well, that’s not very Saint-like.” Tony rutted back against Steve, then starting trailing kisses along his jaw and down his neck, leaving love nips then soothing them with his tongue. He felt Steve’s arousal growing against his own and heard his breathing hitch then increase ‘til he was almost panting. “You know, we never got to finish what we started yesterday morning.”
One word was all it took. With just his name being said, Tony could hear the anger and disappointment leaching through across the distance between them.
“What? No! No, it’s not okay. Oh God, Steve, I hurt you.” He took another step back then fell over onto the floor when his calf collided with an ottoman from a chair that was situated near the dresser.
JARVIS’ soft reply made a warmth bloom in Tony’s chest. JARVIS, DUM-E, U, and Butterfingers may have been made of nuts and bolts with some clever programming thrown into the mix, but they had more heart and soul than most humans he’d come across.
As his heart continued to shatter behind the false sternum, Tony went into survival mode. He channeled his inner- Elsa- ‘conceal, don’t feel, don’t let them know.’ He stood up and straightened his spine, not even having realized at what point he had slumped in defeat. Still clutching Steve’s ring in his right hand, he used his thumb and forefinger to pull his own ring off and set it on the table behind him. Steve’s eyes had followed the movement but then went back to the face of his former fiancé. Steeling the strength of character he only used for the press and public, he went into Tony fucking Stark mode and calmly walked towards Steve who was standing next to the three foot wide support pillar that made up one end of the island that sat on the outskirts of the kitchen.
Bruce brought Dr. Serafin’s gift to Tony right away to make sure it was still hot. Cold coffee would do nothing to warm the engineer’s opinion of her. He patted DUM-E’s “head” as he passed the little bot on his way over to the workstation that Tony was already slaving away over. He sighed, knowing that there was bound to be an abundance of data about the remote waiting in his inbox to be sorted and meshed with whatever the SHIELD scientist has undoubted prepared, as well. He was caught in the middle of two workaholics and it was exhausting.
Lately, he hadn’t resorted to the pills- in fact, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d opened the bottle.
As Hill and another agent led a handcuffed Tony away to go downstairs to the waiting SHIELD vehicles and read him his Miranda rights, he refused to look over at Steve. He knew the situation looked and sounded bad but he also knew he didn’t do anything wrong, at least nothing as bad as what Coulson and Hill were implying. He just needed to play nice and let them collect their evidence so it could prove he was innocent. At the end of the day, he’d be released then explain everything to Steve and they’d move on from this. That was what he told himself, anyway.
“And not what, Stark?” Natasha slammed down the knife she’d been using to cut some sandwiches and it skittered across the table towards Bruce, who leaned back slightly as it came towards him. As it stopped a few inches from the plate with the discarded peel, he breathed deeply and went back to his task. His skin took on a slight green tinge but then faded away as he kept the Other Guy under control. Natasha looked slightly sheepish as she took in Bruce’s reaction, but then the fury returned when turned back to face Tony. Tony was glad she wasn’t holding the knife anymore. “Not consoling him after he beat his knuckles bloody on a punching bag? Not letting him take out his frustration on us on the sparring mat, even though he wasn’t in his best form- what with his roiling emotions and utter feeling of betrayal? Not wiping away his tears as he realized that EVERYTHING you had together was a lie? Would you rather we NOT do that?” Natasha lunged forward and grabbed the collar of Tony’s t-shirt, pulling him within inches of her face as she spat. “What WE did was try to pick up the pieces of the man you broke with your selfishness.”
Before JARVIS could “press” play, they were interrupted by the sound of Steve’s phone dinging with a text message.
Bruce was surprised to find that working alongside Dr. Serafin was actually quite pleasant. None of the nastiness he’d seen when he first met her at SHIELD made an appearance, and the initial deduction that he and Tony had made about her level of intelligence had been accurate. No snarky comments about his friend had been made and she was very polite. She’d even gone so far to praise Tony’s work, though it had been offhand and under her breath as though saying it out loud was admitting she’d been in the wrong. Bruce still heard it and had smiled to himself. He loved seeing the moment when people had realized their assumptions about Tony had been incorrect.
“Agent Serafin.” Steve held out his hand as she approached, even though he remembered her ignoring it the last time they met. This time she actually shifted her briefcase from her right to her left and returned the gesture of good-will. “Welcome to Avenger’s Tower. You’ve met Dr. Banner. This is Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, and Thor Odinson. Hulk, Hawkeye, Black Widow, and, um, Thor, respectively.”
After being subjected to that humiliation, Tony was allowed to redress in the clothes he’d worn from home and left alone in an interrogation room.
Steve relaxed his judgmental eyebrows, then laughed when he heard Tony mutter under his breath, “Take away all my fun, why don’t ya?”
Tony mentally ran away from that thought as fast as his neurons could carry him and promptly made his way over to the computer that had access to JARVIS’ mainframe to get to work. After 20 mins, his trusty companion was back in working order.
After getting out of his own shower and feeling a little more human, Tony asked JARVIS again for the location of the others.
As soon as the elevator doors closed, Tony sunk to the floor, fisting his hair in one hand and grasping at his chest with the other. He couldn’t breathe. He closed his eyes, seeing the ring laying on the kitchen floor- discarded, but still beautiful.
JARVIS had been monitoring the conversation and chimed in. “Sir, I strongly recommend you don’t do this. Captain Rogers will not be pleased and you promised to join everyone for dinner. You have approximately three minutes to message back to decline her invitation and get your ‘iron tush’ to the dinner table.”
Steve wrinkled his nose at the mental image, but instead of expressing his disgust he pulled up another rolling chair and sat within arms-reach of Tony. This did not bode well. Sure enough…
