The woman resumed her work, grumbling, not without letting an ear hang out on our side.
Because these men belong to a guild, they all wear similar clothing. They own expensive accessories, including purses, belts, and even knives with handles made of pure silver.
HOLMES
"He cannot be found anywhere in the house, Doctor Watson. His bed is untouched. It is as if he’s vanished!"
Separating by walls, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson makes the best of the situation. #sexting #phone sex #THE FEEEEEEELS
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had been on edge since what had felt forever. However, he knew how to stage a show. When Mrs Hudson had asked all-innocently if they planned a Christmas party in 221b these days, he had mentioned the importance of Christmas customs for children etc. etc. etc. He was sure that Mrs Hudson, who was certainly more than his housekeeper, saw right through his speech as not even half an hour later she had appeared with boxes of home decor. One could not have all those candles, angles, and what do not be ready to put on all surfaces of one's living rooms.
"The drawer had been locked. The bottle was one of Mrs Nordon’s.
When Sherlock wakes up, he’s in agony. His fingers are aching terribly. They are next to his brain-his most important body parts. He should treat them better as age catches up with him as it does with everyone else.
"The plot thickens, Watson," Holmes said, sounding pleased, as he penned the first of three telegrams the next morning at his desk in 221b. Before Bernie had died the night prior, he had slipped a note into Holmes
"How do you feel?"
“Watson, Dr John Watson.
“I demand you speak, Inspector. Explain the reason for your anger.
Maybe John had gasped, moaned, groaned out some of it, but frankly: his best friend-turned-lover gave him the best blowjob of his adult life, and he couldn’t be arsed to think anymore.
The walk did wonders for my mood. Now I could finally admire the Dorset countryside. It might not trigger my memory, but the writer in me rejoiced in it.
HOLMES
"God, it's true. Do you have any insight into the identity of the father?"
“I’m sure what you're all saying is true enough, but I think we’ve heard enough depressing stories to last us for a while. I certainly know it’s hard for me to hear about wealthy and poor people who unite in their misfortune in their private life. To be a woman is a burden, and rarely you can escape the chains of marriage. Even the Church will agree with us: Life is a great tragedy. There’s nothing we can do about it - whatever will be, will be. Yet, it’s painful to hear about all this misery.”
I went to Holmes, uncertain still, trying to reassure him as well as myself that all was good, very good.
"Good heavens, Holmes, could that mean that this might be all a family drama?"
Thanks once more to LadySybille for the permission to translate her truly stunning prose.
You remember that the number of people that could afford to indulge or create something like this was tiny. Ninety-nine per cent of the country are trying to get by, so there are perhaps 400 or 500 families in the country with those kinds of means. It is not just a piece of erotica
“Sherlock won’t even know that I’m here. It was a spur-of-moment idea. I bought the ticket online last night. I don’t plan some big gesture, Mrs Hudson. This is Sherlock’s big day. Moral support from the last rank, so to speak.” It sounded a bit more convincing in his head, though.
"Good heavens, Holmes, what are you doing, old boy?” the doctor suddenly blurted out in a shocked tone, closing the door behind him.
“I can’t complain, Holmes. The weather is chilling to the bones, however, is it not?”
“Robert won it all. Instead of being happy to see his honour saved, the deceitful woman punished, the colonel committed suicide,” Stanley said bitterly.
Three is the charm...
I felt myself fall, passed out.
We went to a concert.
Entering our living room, and it never ceased to amaze me how Holmes could switch moods, was a certain Jacob Marley, a wealthy, elderly man, a money lender by trade.
“That was amazing.”
The next morning it was even earlier when Lestrade announced that another murder has happened. Again, a young man, a prostitute, crucified and possibly drugged before. Everything screamed serial killer. Two dead bodies, similar methods of killings, and in two days would be June.
"What? No, hell no, House." I was sputtering, and I was confused why I did not turn around and simply leave. This display of ... adult entertainment ... was certainly not that unusual for House, but me? I should be more freaked out, surely. No... slightly intrigued. "And why the music?"
Almost as if we have never existed.
. I do hope you’ll drop your reservations about using chip-and-pin machines.”
“You!”
MORIARTY: Why then?
“Normal is boring.”
How the daughter fitted into the picture, I learned at night. Wrapped in thick clothes while still
and for this Sherlock hopes tonight to live again.
Oh God, how John resented the barely hidden praise in Sherlock’s brother's eyes.
BILLY: She will be very sorry, sir.
not. My sight was blurring around the edges. I hoped I was only feeling dizzy and not actually suffering a stroke. I was breathing heavily as if I had run a marathon while I was frozen on the spot. Suddenly, there was a warm hand on my shoulder; it was only Holmes.
It seemed as if the Reverend was expecting me. His quotation from the Bible replayed in my mind as I made my way forward to the sea:
THE END
"No, I do not, Holmes. But I imagine the daughter, Adèle Landsbury, will inherit everything."
Hurriedly, he positions himself between John Watson’s legs and nudges up against him. “Do you want it?”
“You’re right, of course, Mr Holmes. Breakfast should have been at a quarter to nine. However, it occurred fast that John, Dr Watson, was missing. First, no one suspected anything sinister but when he had not shown up for elevenses, a search party was set up.”
.) You will be under arrest.
Some believers are praying in front of the altar.
The mayor receives one as a gift, and he interprets it accurately, as a thank you and a reminder: true love conquers it all.
“Thank God, Watson, I had almost feared that you were already tired of our relationship,” Holmes teased. I could imagine all too vividly the sparkling eyes of my lover. Oh, yes, the passion between us was still burning and our love far from vanishing. To spent only some hours in the company of Mrs Hudson on 221b Baker Street the next day. Impossible. I had not sent a telegram to announce my visit, but Holmes had hoped for it, anyway. Deduced and observed, he would surely say. Oh, this man...
I wanted to take him into my arms and shut the world out, but I knew I had to address one thing prior. “What are you telling our client?”
The only thing that linked me to reality was the item securely put away in my pocket: the silver medallion. It took me a while to open
"Yes. And now it’s Friday. Do you understand, Watson?"
“Yes, this is where he is working.”
Sister Mary has a fine nose, bright eyes, a small red mouth and a broad forehead.
The wind from the sea blew in our faces. It was refreshing. I closed my eyes for a minute and listened to the waves nearby. Suddenly, I saw a silhouette in front of my inner eyes. It was all strange and rather queer. Was this man—I assumed he was a man—coming for me? Or was it a warning of danger to come? There was another male voice. What was real? I opened my eyes and looked into David Jones’ fearful face.
) — ends it! This one thing — that I shall do — here in a few moments — is the finish. (HOLMES
"Yes, a descendant of an immigrant from the Revolution. Pretty wild. Better to avoid getting in his way, if you ask me."
His heart hurts, and oh yes, Sherlock Holmes owns a heart.
In the beginning, it had been the odd weekend. Then, it progressed into the summer holidays. In the end, it became a permanent move from London to the English coast. This meant that Sherlock Holmes had to endure sand practically every day, at least, until Rosie would go to the local school. No private schooling, certainly no boarding school for her. John had promised that Sherlock would never be lonely anymore in his vows. Hell would freeze over before Rosie would become the loner that he had been for thirty years before he had been fortunate enough to meet her father...
"I cannot forget Anna and Hans, Watson. I dearly hope that the next year will be a better one for them. That their wish for a quiet life will be fulfilled."
“I didn’t have any activities for fifteen years, unlike someone else. No worries, however, I have a private physician. He is quite competent.”
Something had to melt down Holmes’ coldness.
He wondered if he should have avoided mentioning Mary. He was aware of the fact that he shouldn't have talked about her when they were together, yet sometimes he could not help himself
“Sounds… interesting.” He tried for a convincing smile. “An acquaintance of mine mentioned this group to me. I know you don’t use real names, but perhaps you’ve seen him before? I’ve got a photo with me.”
"John, you know my methods: observe and deduce..."
This time it was John who winked. It might have been a flicker of the light of the flames, but John thought Sherlock was blushing. Which was, well... good? Very good, in fact. John wetted his lips, which had gone suddenly dry. He could have sworn that the jinn had followed the movement. A different excitement sizzled in John’s gut.
Mr Robston,
The meeting as a driver and his passenger is based on Neil Gaiman's novel. However, in the book and later adaptation it's set in NYC. I changed this and the car. It is a homage to Neil Gaiman's novel, GOOD OMENS. The demon Crowley drives a Bentley that has supernatural powers (or, what happens when you're owner is a supernatural being? Dunno.).
My Holmes knew me too well, the devil! Once more he tricked me and I played along willingly, as it has been since 1881.
Holmes’ voice brought me back to the present. “Watson, would you care to join me on a little trip to the countryside, old boy?”
“You could have told me.
The notes remind me to be kinder to myself, that I was still recovering, but concede that if I had been more observant, I could have seen the outcome all along in those first few lines.
HOLMES: Cocaine, my dear fellow. I am back to my old love. Seven per cent-solution. (
(MORIARTY
It is not during the springtime when this story begins. No April rains have soaked deep into the dry ground to water the flowers’ roots; and no Zephyrus, the god of the west wind, has helped new flowers to grow everywhere. Birds sing all year round, as it's their nature.
"First an unusual murder, then a potential double method of killing, and now, a note. You’re spoiling us, Lestrade!"
and Holmes surely saw through my rambling as well. On the one hand, I wanted to find the underlying cause of it all, but on the other, I feared what we might find. I had to trust the detective
It was worse here. It did not feel safe to look anywhere. To the left, there was the beach where I had played in my youth, or so they kept telling me. Mrs Partridge had recognised me instantly ("Will I ever..
While Sherlock wants this big moment, it should be more about him. He has learned to be himself, and that even if he follows this path with John, it doesn’t minimise his love for music but actually increase it? That moment of crystal realisation: his love for John; for music; and himself.
HOLMES (
It was around seven in the evening - dinner was soon to be served - when the sounds of horses and cartwheels echoed in the courtyard, followed by the doorbell ringing the front door.
"So, first, he was sedated, then he was poisoned, and then crucified, only to be staged as a truly perverse vision from the Bible? Poor sod."
However, this is all to change.
"Which is?"
After finishing my pie alone, I went up to my bedroom, which I would surely share alone for an indefinite time. My room was next to Mrs Nordon’s.
Originally, he had wanted to move out on the 1st, so John was eager for a second about her reactions. However, it remained true what Sherlock once had proclaimed:
In short, life was back on track and soon new investigations were taking place. Or, as Holmes reminded me during
“I said that I don’t grant wishes, but not in the sense that you think. It’s more of a gift. I have high standards for wishes. Perhaps I should say that I don’t grant
“Hush, yes, Doctor. Was not expecting you here. Or, rather, I was. It isn't you to come to the back entrance as well.”
The day, while already warm and bright, had not turned oppressive. The clock over the hearth ticked slowly as I settled down to my books, experiencing for the first time since my student years some of the quiet ecstasies of study.
They had stopped at a red traffic light. The light turned green, but the taxi driver did not immediately move, despite the discordant blare of horns behind them.
I tried to sit up, but I couldn’t. I hissed in pain.
"The benefactor of the last will is easy to determine. Without a doubt, it is dear Miss Parker. For the second will, since it was made after Adèle was born, it can only be about the latter and her mother. I do not see who can be mentioned in the first testament… I do not know enough about the personal life of our client."
“You are a good man, John Watson.” This voice belongs to Mary. He wants to rush to her, explain everything, but she puts a finger to his mouth. “Hush. It's all good, John. We had a good time, and now, to the very best of times, my love. I always knew what a man you are, what you could have become if you had just been more open and honest with yourself. It’s not too late, John. This is your time. Use it well, and remember: you, John Watson, matter.”
"Maybe a simple ointment and a piece of cloth will do? The bandage is too tight."
Yet, the older Holmes hadn’t set one foot in 221b since the fateful day.
No, what was I thinking?
) certainly not.
The ones that counted, John had kept to himself. He had hoped that the detective would deduce them one day, but no such luck. So, “love”, “darling man”, and “gorgeous bastard” remained unsaid. Instead, the blogger had praised the detective for his work, showering him with “Fantastic”, “Brilliant” and “Amazing”. It wasn’t the same as “I love you”.
"Anyone could have put it there."
It ended and begun with a case.
I took a sip of beer, waiting whether he would add something.
“You guess?”
HOLMES (
“Nonsense.” Oh, two can play that game.
The good inspector‘s face turned downcast. "Right on the spot, doctor. I promised my wife to be home on time for once it
While pouring milk into his tea, the realisation sinks in that John would cherish Sherlock's warmth no matter what.
Mrs Hudson suddenly turns to Mrs Turner, an old friend of hers, and says, “Everything alright, dear? You’re staring so much at the ground—you look like you’re studying it intently!”
On my way back to
. It was familiar and strange, different and wonderful.
. He is sorry for his wife's return. He believed she had committed suicide. Besides, he threatened her with the worst reprisals if she reappeared at home. He is a very violent alcoholic. Either way, he has found another unfortunate woman who he can knock on without fear.”
"How is my anger understandable?" Holmes asked in surprise.
“Not now Watson, we’ll speak at home. I need to ponder over a problem or two first, and your presence, good doctor, is most distracting, to be frank.”
Molly just wanted to start the autopsy when Sherlock and I entered the morgue.
When Greg headed towards the door and turned his back to me, Sherlock stopped him:
NLOOHU IURP EHUOLQ
“Obviously.”
"I don’t need to reconsider, Mr Holmes. This line of inquiry is out of the question." The face of the little lawyer, Mr Arbucklehurt, was closed-off, particularly contemptuous of my friend and me.
HOLMES
pitch-perfect. It was annoying as well as endearing if you asked John.).
"No matter what happens, I am going to set out for Holmes. I don't care if it ends up killing me."
"Sir, don't you think it to be wise to share everything with us? Mr Marley, pray, start from the beginning."
Yet, he was wearing scrubs and gloves to not disturb the crime scene. It started unprompted one day, and it had baffled everyone, but all were too afraid to ask why. Now we were both standing at the sidelines. Me and my madman — I couldn’t imagine being more content.
“The newspaper article”, said Holmes “was an unfortunate necessity. I hope it has not caused you too much of an embarrassment, my dear. And when this business is finished, all will be rectified. I am a man of my word, John. “
a sprain and wanted a tight bandage. I followed him, concerned.
“Sherlock? Probably, he would not only insult Anderson’s reputation but the reporter’s one as well.”
Later Greg texted us the identity of the second victim. The similarities to the previous day were staggering. Both were presumed to be hate crimes.
They play a deduction game. While strictly they don’t keep score to anyone's surprise, Bea wins. Sherlock is only mildly put off. John barely contains his pride.
When Sherlock orgasms mere seconds later, he bits into his fist to muffle the “JOHN!”
Further, Greg sent us a list of people with extended medical and/or pharmaceutical knowledge with criminal records. They hoped to find an expert in toxicology as a lead to the man behind the killings.
Dr Watson, what did you do to Scarlet?
thin little moustache, I easily recognized Michael Landsbury without even having met him. The perfect example of a young dandy, playful and arrogant.
“Crime?”
. Or, with a touch of the magical,
“You will be the one to get it,” I said. “Thank you, Nicolas.”
“Splendid, Watson.” He drew a breath. Then his beautiful eyes fixed on me. “Kiss me, John.”
Welcome back to the 4th installement of Ade's Advent.
WATSON (
"Why didn't you tell him who you were?"
He knew that where fate led them was dangerous. He could hear his overbearing brother Mycroft in his head. As if summoned by Sherlock’s first proclamation, he, the smartest Jinn, appeared. Mycroft even carried his umbrella; Sherlock would not miss his sunglasses much in his new life.
Perhaps it was this presence of mind and tenacity that saved our lives. Suddenly, several shots erupted, narrowly missing us. Nearby trees were struck. The horse, terrified, frightened by this unusual noise, galloped off alone through the night. Before losing my consciousness for good, I prayed to Heaven that the beast did not go straight back to Crevecoeur Hall.
Holmes approached the doctor a little more, tenderly cleaning him up as much as possible, while the doctor could do nothing but look at him spellbound, feeling his heart fill once again with love for him. Not for the first time. He thought about how unjust it was that what they felt for each other was monstrous and unacceptable. For him, instead, it was perhaps the most beautiful thing that had happened to him in life.
HOLMES): Breakfast is food. These are poisons — slow, but certain. They involve tissue changes of a most serious nature.
only yesterday.
"No... that ever..." I muttered, blushing and looking away, embarrassed.
"What about Mrs Nordon?" I inquired.
The doctor looked up at the sky, exasperated, and said nothing, knowing full well that it would do no good, but he continued to decorate the little tree. He discovered, with a certain surprise, that it was very pleasant to do that activity together with the lover. It almost gave him the impression that he and Holmes formed a real family; a feeling much stronger than the one he felt with his wife. He had also decorated a house with Mary, waiting for the holidays; yet, although he had found it a very pleasant pastime, only then did he realize it meant nothing to him.
“It will not bring Adèle back to life.
“Tomorrow, my dear Watson, you will hear about it all. I promise you. For now, however, let us to bed. I don’t want to talk further about this case tonight.” He whispered
The next morning, it was even more difficult to get out of bed. The pain in my head had doubled, as though I had left part of my skull behind on the pillow. I stumbled a little and clutched at my bedside table. How could this be my life? We need to finish this case. Sherlock had to solve it, and soon.
“Certainly Robert.”
This case was an ugly and dangerous business, and the more I saw of it (or, not saw, to be accurate), the less I liked it.
t that the saying?"
Don't expect love. All the members of the board will offer you criticism, connections, or a comment regarding your good looks.
two mortal men—Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson—following their hearts.
So, yes, I wasn’t actually shocked but surprised. And maybe I was even pissed in the beginning, but hey, it’s Sherlock we’re talking about.
): It
"It's always so easy to tease you, to ruffle your feathers, so that I really can't resist," Holmes turned away from the doctor to go to a large crate, next to the small potted pine tree, which seemed to contain colourful and shiny garlands.
“It was an order from the higher-ups.”
“My mother was quite distressed over all this. She refused to talk about it, which is quite understandable, I think. She passed away three years ago, always insisting that I should let it go. That searching for answers only led to madness. I, however, chose the other path: to find out what happened. This means nowadays, to find his body.”
We, or more, he had solved a mystery a week ago, which meant that boredom was his constant companion once again. Further, another cold front had hit our city this morning, which made public transport a hassle. If there were any potential clients, they surely couldn't reach our doorstep safely. So far to the context of Holmes' ennui. He gulped down coffee, complaining that it was cold. He threw down the paper, fretting that the criminal classes had abandoned London, and overall, everything was lost since Moriarty had left the scene.
Tantalizingly slow, the blacksmith is running his fingers from the base of John’s balls up to his tailbone and back down again. His hole is twitching.
John Watson’s personal demon.
He was successful, but that doesn’t mean that I approve of him. Until this
And do you have the faintest idea that you could live to see the day?
A little special, a totally fictional BBC interview, the game is STILL on!
Oh, Sherlock knew where to go, who to hunt down and what to do, but his heart was not into it anymore.
Back then, Watson had scolded me—in a humorous way, mind you—these days, I can only detect that I have asked something prior—a second, a tenth, a thousand times—when my Watson isn’t hiding his emotion.
He had sensed a fatal error when he had stood on the rooftop, but the truth about Moriarty's prophecy. That
Holmes gave her a beaming smile. I wanted to scream and throttle my partner’s throat, demanding that he speak. I play the fool for him from time to time, and sometimes I haven’t even realised that he played me, but like all human beings, I had my weak spot. On that day, Sherlock Holmes pushed all my buttons.
at me expectantly, I rushed to say: "You think that the daughter…"
After all, John mused, while his eyelids got heavier, Mike had been a matchmaker, and all
Rosie Watson loved the flashy lights. She giggled whenever a poor soul crashed in the bumpy car. When they spotted her delight, they joined in.
HOLMES: Quite right, my dear Watson — quite right — but, see, my time has come. (
“Fuck it, Johnny, you can do it!” Harry, dear old Harriet Watson, brings him over the finish line. Mostly it’s him visualizing her furious face when he would call her Harriet one more time. He vows to bring her to H. M. H. soon.
“How can you say that?” Mrs Nordon exclaimed, revealing a face streaming with tears.
John forces himself to drink his tea in unhurried sips; his hand holding the cup is certainly not shaking. He watches Sherlock using his knife like a sword; manners have never been his forte.
"You've been here before," Sherlock had chided him accusingly, and back then John had denied it. "Admit it." His partner had come close in his private space, and John had felt his gaze on him. Yet, it didn't
thing again, so I took all your cartridges out and put them in my pocket
“You are not just trying to get me out of the way, Watson.”
"Jane has been in my service for five years."
, beautiful and strangely familiar.
It was almost as if I could hear his deep, cunning voice and feel his dark, always alert eyes on me; how did he manage it, repeatedly? And to hide his message to me in the medallion.
“To make love?” Holmes asked hesitantly, and when I smiled hesitantly, he smiled back. Silently, we agreed to pretend to never have that slip-up. “Well, it’s not that different from Baker Street, don’t you agree? The only difference is that here is not where we live but we can share the same bed.”
I winced at the insult on Holmes’ behalf but picked up the thread of the conversation. "And Adèle?"
“It was too much of everything,” my partner stated. “But before continuing… let me turn to you, sir, for a minute.”
However, people love this as much as John Watson’s poetic wanking on his blog.
John was a father now, he had responsibilities, and he had promised himself to make a better job of it than his own parents had. He refused to bring Mary into the equation. One day he might address the elephant in the room, but today was not the day (or tomorrow).
“So what? The result is the same. The unfortunate woman is going to suffer trauma and you will gain nothing in this business.”
Holmes put the solicitor’s black jacket over his bloody shirt.
"He didn't, but Miss Parker was. As always, she was the one who gave the orders, and she was the one who sent me to get you. The colonel only obeyed."
“Off the record then. I know nothing of this. I did not know if Holmes has a hand in it. He is conducting some very secretive business at present and possibly it is connected to that but that’s all I can tell you, I am afraid.”
They meet for lunch at their wall without planning before.
An uppercut that I was quite proud of had just made his downfall. If I had kept my old form from my rugby and army days, the fool would have been severely hurt. I had a temper back then.
His gaze flickers down to the stranger’s hands, his throat, and then returns to his face. Sherlock Holmes registers how handsome this man is. Holmes feels something but pushes it away, fiercely. John Watson will flee like everyone else. After all, he is just a man, ordinary. Yet, Holmes cannot stop his speech, as something urging him on, making this one deduction count. It has never been a game to him, no matter what the townspeople have said, but suddenly he wants…
“But how can you be sure that Adèle is dead?”
The only old friend he had run into recently was
Me, looking at myself, and Holmes looking like his public persona, waited in front of the notary. It was freezing, so I prayed that the other witnesses to the last will of Colonel Landsbury would turn up soon.
Sherlock’s imminent silence was a clear signal: he had gone into his mind palace. Greg and I could communicate non-verbally these days. I would stay next to Sherlock. I would even fetch his smartphone from his trouser pockets, while Greg kept Anderson and Donovan in line.
"Isn't it obvious...", and with a grand gesture, he introduced me to his shenanigans, as if I wished to be taking part in it. “This is Steff... She is spanking me because I have been a naughty boy. You know Wilson, I try to be good, but it's not in my nature...
.) You see, Watson, it was a trick — a deception — to the very — end. (
“It’s so easy to rile you up,” he turned to me, “and it pleases me to tease you so,” and back was his sweet smile, “that I really cannot resist.”
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson fight and flirt through the walls of Baker Street.
"Won’t you inspect the note first? We intend to consult a code-cracker but maybe you’ve got some idea?"
“No, I am sorry, Holmes. But I cannot consent to this.” When our eyes meet and he observes my innermost wishes, his lips curve into a small, melancholic smile. “Please, Sherlock, whatever you have planned, let it go.”
As we had to spend another day alone together, I took a short walk. After all, Norwich was a pretty little town and an outing could help to forget the turmoil for a time. I persuaded Mrs Nordon to accompany me. For some time I was pleased to have managed it, but oh, how much I would regret it afterwards!
"Mr Landsbury seems sure of himself, Holmes."
HOLMES (
) I did not suppose you would want to use
It was therefore the first will written by Colonel Landsbury. After these introductory words, the lawyer took a long letter opener and solemnly he opened the envelope with a sharp gesture.
Greg mentioned what would later be a vital clue:
etc. etc. etc. God, how John hated it. He stumbled into overheated offices, cheeks numb from the January cold outside, sweating beneath his coat, shoes soaked by slush.
Finally, the penny dropped: “You gave the story to the Gazette to protect me.”
"What has she to say about it? She is only the governess. I have been employed at Crevecoeur Hall all my life.
“She’s seventeen. People adopt babies, and only if they’re white. Bea is neither. Seriously, men. It’s
We could have been happy.
“It was wrong to have said nothing…” This was Sherlock’s first attempt at an apology that night. “I didn’t expect you to be so affected.”
A little girl cared very much because she was a storyteller like her daddy, and her papa always taught her to look for clues and took nothing for granted.
been warned of your danger — you do not heed that warning—perhaps you will heed this!
How John Watson found out about it, Molly Hooper doesn't know. She remembers his father's apothecary and his son's ability. He's a healer who is an ex-soldier, too. This John Watson is a walking paradox. It's what intrigues Sherlock Holmes, Molly suspects, but she isn't sure. Unlike what some people assume - and Sally Donovan is never stopping to let it slip in the Criterion - her shop is not one for gossip. She, or more her maids, are chatty, but when it's important, quiet as a mouse. And the thing between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson is important.
MORIARTY: At that hour, Sherlock Holmes, your eyes will be closed in death.
John hears the screams first. It’s so unusual that he cannot identify the voice immediately, or his subconscious can, but refuses to believe it: it’s him. Instantly his mind pictures him: Sherlock Holmes thrashing in his sleep, nightmares haunting him, and looking even worse than Jessie when she had been trapped by the linen man.
All that John
I followed him, quite irritated.
“Holmes, finally! You are back.
The clock announced the full hour, sixty minutes left until midnight. Then it would 232 days since Sherlock Holmes had jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s.
It’s a walk of almost an hour, but she doesn't mind picking up some flowers on her way. She tries to make a flower crown but decides against it. She is his princess, no matter what. At her first meeting, she played the “he loves me, he loves me not”-game as if she is a girl and not already grown.
This was the last sentence. After that, Dr Neil turned to his glass again. We were dismissed.
"Of course, I can. Sex is only transport, a distraction, nice but I'm above it." I raised my eyebrows. I remembered quite a different speech, further than some other encounters - THANKFULLY - without Christmas songs and candy cane, but hallelujah. My doubts were transparent as House rushed to add: "Could, yes, why you have to know me that well, Wilson. I am a sex god; now, you know it. Therefore, it was only natural to celebrate the season on my way. And..."
While Sherlock ponders if John heard his reaction or if he should clarify or maybe add a, “Maybe” or “do you mind," or flee London immediately for an extended concert tour which he has always loathed but not as much as this situation, — John starts to hum in return.
"My dear Watson,
“Your vein is pulsating. It’s a clear sign of distress.”
It had taken them 231 days.
I ended my speech there. The story of her father's suicide would have been hard for a nine-year-old to bear. Finally, it seemed to me ... A noise made me look up and with great relief I saw the cook appear at the top of the stairs, finally awakened by all the noise, looking scared. Immediately, she spotted Adèle and howled with joy.
And the inspector shows off a shiny little bottle. The young woman shook her head, not knowing what to say. I immediately recognized a vial resembling the others present in his room.
“She seems nice.”
"Robert has several duties in and around the house. I prefer not to have too many entourages, so I only hired a servant, a cook, a coachman and a governess. It’s enough for me. Crevecoeur Hall is no palace.
In the future, he will use a pin to fasten his hood. It will be a gift from his brother, a bastard. It is a symbol of enduring love.
I would ever get in public.
“Pride month. That’s worse than I thought, and I already expected a deranged creature.”
Yes, there are new secrets in Baker Street, but for once, they’re positive.
His hair, which had been turning silver already when I had left London and him, shimmers in the fading light.
When I come to Sussex, Watson is wary.
Soon, Sherlock sports a sympathy boner.
“Benefits, Holmes?”
“What?”
Captain Basil was one of Holmes
I had John Watson for almost a lifetime, and even if I, in my heart, know that one lifetime would not be enough, it is not up to me. It’s his life, and I need to keep my hands off it, so all I do is hold his hand while he sleeps.
Mrs Hudson was still absent, and my mood hadn’t improved overnight, so I decided to not offer a cup of tea to Holmes. He had insisted to not disturb him, had he not?
"Sure, Harry, you mean on the one road that leads in and out of Sherrington?"
Greg has brought over the sledgehammer after a quick text in the concert's aftermath. Once more, he has proven to be the best of friends as he has questioned nothing. All he had said was that John should put some extra blankets or towels down on the carpet. The floor is shabby. But one didn’t want to anger Mrs Hudson. She will be furious about the state of the wall soon enough.
"Am I right in assuming that you try to convince me to stay longer via a violin concert?" John's voice was more curious and cheeky than offended. Sherlock put it down as a positive sign.
mystery. However, I am not very familiar with the biography of Colonel Landsbury. Let's see L-file.
His army pension kept him barely housed and fed; even then, he was living beyond his means. When he had enlisted fresh out of university, it had seemed so huge a sum; now, it was evaporating faster than John had believed possible.
At last, after days of solitude, Baker Street was our home again. Now, Holmes stood with his pipe at the open window where a gentle breath lifted the curtains and refreshed the parlour. All was well, or it would soon be.
The wine Mrs Partridge offered me when I returned to the inn was a mistake. I did not handle alcohol well these days.
Mary shrugged again and blew her nose once more.
"I ran an ad in the papers. She introduced herself and I accepted her."
Sherlock starts with
"But you have committed a serious mistake in keeping silent," cried the lawyer.
"No ... that never ..." Watson muttered, blushing as he looked away in embarrassment. He hesitated a moment, then caressed Holmes’ back with tenderness, trying to show him with his gestures all the love he felt for him and that it was so difficult for him to communicate in words.
John stands barefoot in his cramped kitchen, debating if his stomach can contain a sandwich. He still wears his jogging pants and a vest. Once more, he forgot to put his proper pyjamas in the washing machine. Today, he opted out of a dressing gown to cover up his scarred shoulder.
"Miss Parker is my friend. She would rather kill herself than reveal the parentage. Please, Dr Watson, don’t tell anyone about the pregnancy."
"Since when did Miss Parker take care of Adèle?"
“I wish to be not intrusive.”
He is determined.
Seriously, what had John been thinking? The taximeter would be...
Welcome to the final chapter of
s not illegal per se, but it should be if you ask me. Mark my words, Doctor Watson, half of London‘s poorhouses are victims of Marley. And all for his profit: he owns a third of Whitechapel, and one hears he has ambitions towards politics now. I shouldn’t say it, but as I’m practically
The governor had been so shocked that when he had wished us the greetings of the season, he had rushed to say first, “Merry Christmas, Dr Holmes...”, and only seconds later caught on and corrected, “Mr Holmes and Dr Watson, of course. A very, merry Christmas.”
"Good evening, Doctor Watson," he said, stepping forward. “How is Mrs Nordon doing?
concern about his patients, and me, is absent.
“But,” she said more confidently, “you should have warned of your return. We would have your room prepared.”
Instead, a cab dropped us near the bar. Sherlock had his eyes glued to his smartphone and the driver mostly on the road, only sometimes sneaking us weird glances, which was understandable. I had put on some ratty clothes I had stored away after moving in 221b. If I remember correctly, it was the same outfit as when we first met in St Barts.
Children were out on the streets. They were having a huge snow fight. Wiggins was putting his observation skills to another use. Holmes wasn
I could feel our client's anger growing. Landsbury must have been convinced that his servant had failed in his task. I didn't know how to talk him out of it.
Sitting in front of the fireplace, each in their respective chairs, Sherlock had even pitched the silliest titles. He had insisted that John had used too many adjectives and also had missed a few commas. John’s prompt reply: that he was his biographer and if Sherlock wanted to bitch about it, he should pen down the next adventure himself.
"House, grab some gingerbread and shut up."
Holding back a laugh, Watson bent over Holmes and kissed him for a long time, passionately twisting his tongue to his, squeezing him closer to himself. He could feel that body, warm and tonic, against his own and a shiver ran through him from head to foot, making him shudder with desire, as he did whenever he had him next to him.
An unexpected occurence in 221b leds to a surprising but rather welcome outcome. (ACD!Johnlock)
found its way around my body, warming me up. I felt dizzy.
Smug bastard. He was stretched out on the bed, and if Sherlock had been a cat, he would be purring. He surely liked to be petted and stroked. Lazy, gorgeous git.
“Because I am a Jinn, John.”
was important to him. Potentially dangerous, and apparently, my case had now fallen into that category. He came to me, with an unrevealing mask, and dropped some papers in front of me.
It’s a homage to Sherlock Holmes, who called himself a consulting detective. He was the only one in the world, he invented the job.
“JOHN!”
Holmes stood up, visibly relieved, and advanced to a seat with Mrs Nordon who thanked him in a whisper. Of all those present, only Michael Landsbury seemed the most unwilling to accept the housekeeper's presence. He straightened up, his eyes blazing with anger.
Both of them burst into a fit of giggles.
The estate was at Sherrington Hall.
It was another normal night at 221b Baker Street.
Aware that in this haste of my pursuit I had left the front of the house open, new anxiety overcame me. Clearly, this work of kidnapping was one of Organ’s ruffians and who has to say that they would not take advantage of an open door.
Inside, the fireplace had already been lit and Sherlock Holmes was arranging Christmas decorations almost everywhere; he himself, who had always found those holidays boring and uninteresting. Hearing his lover's approach, Holmes looked out from the branches of pine and holly, woven over the fireplace and the headboard of the bed, to a small pine tree, relegated to a corner of the room, and to the small bunches of mistletoe, which hung here and there from the ceiling. Watson could admit that this way the room was much more welcoming and joyful, but taking part in those activities was strange to his intimate friend, more strange than usual, at least.
“Idiots.”
Then the clock announced the full hour: eleven o’clock.
They turned onto the next street, where the traffic had stopped completely. A lorry had blocked the road. The rain was not helping. There was a cacophony of horns, but the cars did not move.
(HOLMES
"Who has had a child made by a silent man and a lord, moreover? Charming indeed, my dear Watson."
It was a fleeting touch, unexpected but welcome. I could not deduce the reason for this but put it on Holmes’ excitement for the upcoming experiment and a thank you for my patience and goodwill once more.
Because lying there, in this cottage on the Sussex Downs, my Watson by my side, I realise my error: instead of spending two decades away, I could have been here. I could have kept bees if I liked, sometimes rushing out to solve some country crime, while Watson could have written up our cases. We would have drunk tea, shared stories, and danced together in the dark. We could have
“Cartridge. I have not the least idea what you talking about. And as for newspapers, I haven’t seen one in days.”
the detective asked, surprised.
“In the basement. I have been all day in the basement of our house. And since your desire to be not intrusive is clearly going against your overwhelming curiosity to know I will tell you why I was there.” He paused and smiled, and then he continued: “In the full confidence that you do not breathe a word to a soul about it.”
old me sir! (
MORIARTY
"That’s his handwriting, Mr Holmes. I am sure of it!
HOLMES
Then he launches into an introduction of his map of London, only stopping for John's "Amazing!", "Fantastic" and "Brilliant".
When I woke up an indefinite time later, I was in a hospital bed. I couldn’t recall how I ended up here, but hopefully, the person at my bedside would have all the answers...
WATSON: Why you do not mean that —
"Like the Greek Philosopher Socrates?"
has proven to be a remedy.
Reluctantly, Sherlock Holmes turned in the beach's direction. Sherlock hated walking on the beach, or so he claimed, loudly, whenever Rosie dragged them here.
Watson wakes up instantly.
We took the train at nine to the countryside and reached our destination around noon: the lovely seaside town of Sherrington. My companion had found our lodgings in a local inn with the charming if the somewhat grotesque name of
What was Nicolas saying? I forced myself to listen.
“But…
Sherlock was impatient, having spotted John’s scribbling on their kitchen calendar. It’s his John's thing. Sherlock himself didn’t need any reminder as his mind palace worked flawlessly. But he learned to make compromises. Secretly, it wasn’t an altogether unpleasant feeling when he spotted their shared adventures and upcoming dates. One was circled in: the central event during Pride Month, the London Parade. Obviously, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson have never been there ourselves, but it’s their private annual tradition to costume themselves with the most ridiculous outfits. Jokingly (or so Sherlock hoped), John has suggested going for “bad taste” this year. Apparently, he envisioned something like tourists in Mallorca.
): She has gone on a little visit. (
“Irrelevant! Names aren’t important.”
"Horrible way to go. Takes at least half an hour."
"Can't read my mind, can you?"
However, it was December, and it was House, so I only smiled - a bit more fondly than he deserved - and sat next to him on the sofa.
MORIARTY (
“Now, kindly tell us what you require. Otherwise, I suggest you leave ASAP.” Sherlock put on his slightly manic grin. High-Functioning sociopath intel. It works wonders, pun intended, on bigots. Our visitor looked a little grey.
behind the glasses.
I kept going until I reached the bench that overlooked the town.
Mrs Hudson had returned to Baker Street and provided Holmes and me with an excellent evening meal. It was a Sunday roast, and we praised her wholeheartedly.
The scene plays and replays inside his head repeatedly:
All John Watson needed was a miracle.
I hardly recognized the frightened voice of Mary-Ann. Instantly, I was awake. I rushed to the door, quickly putting on my dressing gown. The maid’s face was pale. She looked defeated, distraught.
that wasn't an unusual occurrence in our partnership. I would catch on eventually, or my companion would have the patience of a Saint to explain it to me. Sherlock Holmes loved an audience, but in secret, I was his favourite.
that was my only chance to get out of here alive.
All breath left John when Sherlock entered him. All was the fire. When a human body was warm, a Jinn’s body was
“So, you have a
Together, we made our way upstairs. I feared that every person in the inn was staring at us, seeing through our facade of gentlemen and knew that I was excited to share a bed with my companion, and as far as I interpreted it, for more than sleep for the first time? That is a few minutes
"I'm sorry, sir."
“From a draft in my father’s hand. I found it
): Sh —! Do not say it! (
How often he had begged for another miracle he couldn’t recall. Apparently, he couldn’t trade
Before I could inquire further—and I certainly had some questions—Holmes appeared.
“I saw the body of Sherlock Holmes. He's dead. His head is crushed.”
in the rain, on my family’s land, I
Yes, Sherlock Holmes was and is and always will be The Man Who Knew Too Much.
that Adèle Landsbury was alive. But what a treacherous woman this Mary-Ann turned out to be...
“Robert? Don’t tell me that the carriage that hit us was
THE END
The little servant led me into the living room, where Landsbury was impatiently waiting. His face had turned pale and worried.
The cars crawled forward in the rain. The cab picked up speed. The tension inside the car grew with each meter.
Mr Watson, the more patient of the two men, had presented it to them some months ago, apparently to the surprise of Mr Holmes if the architect had to guess. Yet, his husband had let it be, only insisting that "there had to be one bedroom."
with hesitation. John registered his smile grew broader by the minute.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are locked up in 221b. It's for a case, or so the detective has said. However, his intimate companion cannot shake off the feeling that something else is going on.
She shook her head in the negative.
I was minding my manners while Sherlock was making a little wave with his hand. He was still looking something up on his mobile. My best guess would be that he has activated his homeless network to get them to investigate the area around the crime scene in Soho.
MORIARTY (
My patience was running thin towards Holmes’ stubbornness to ignore the elephant in the room. The night was soon to fall and dinner was well past without the great detective making so much comment.
Curtly,
In a drawer in a bureau in an upstairs room of our retirement home in Sussex, there is a locked cedarwood box that I inherited as a youth from my grandfather. This is, one might say, my box of secrets.
"I don't want to discuss. I want to be released. I am innocent." Mrs Nordon wrung her hands ardently. Nervous, tired, she seemed to go mad indeed. I made her sit on the mattress in the small room and quickly examined her.
that brings John back to the present.
I did as Holmes asked me to do, naturally. When I was thinking it was all a lie by Holmes achieving God-knows-what, I spotted a small, shining thing on the ground. Instantly, I realized what it
I rarely got a kiss in all the years, not when we had been young and I had been younger still, as I am his junior. In my bloom, I had been virginal. When Watson had used my body and I had shared his bed with him willingly, there were the thorns; the marks of what I hoped but never could confirm his love. Maybe it had been a possession, maybe it had been a pleasure, maybe it had been lust, and maybe it had been a passion? Maybe it had been all of it and yet, I had nothing out of it except pain—and I even this I had taken with pleasure.
They beat the drums together:
Holmes left his spot at the window and rushed to search through the pile of newspapers on our living room floor. Being successful, he sat down opposite me, carrying some with him.
“Who do we trust, even if we don’t know them? Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd? You call for us when you are drunk and need a safe trip home. You call for us when you are in a hurry, and it’s so important you reach your destination in time. You call for us when it’s a dark and stormy night; when the rain is pouring down; when it seems as if the world is going to end. No one ever thinks about the cabbie. It’s as if we’re invisible. Just the back of a head.”
Silva: Her loss. [begins tracing along Bond's chest with his finger]
"Who prepared it?"
"My lips are sealed, Mary-Ann. I promise you."
What he asked instead was: “There’s no way out of it for you? You know, becoming human?”
"There are the Winsterneys, but their mansion is a little further. Finally the home of old Count Henri de Questignac."
Another pause. Therefore I coaxed him on, “What was it you were thinking, Mr Jones?”
yet. However, he promises himself to add more to it, that this will be the centrepiece and he’ll compose more. Tonight is just winning (maybe) the scholarship, to make his mark and fulfil Mycroft’s and Mummy’s dream — and then... he’ll return to Royal Albert Hall someday in the future, with a complete orchestra and a full house, and it will be them.
BILLY: Same as when, sir?
Shouts and swear words, salt and sweat. How could sex be so damn good?
“Then the case is closed.”
The office room was a small room, which was admirably tidy. Everything was in its place. No files were lying on the furniture. Mr Arbucklehurt was seated at his desk, his hands resting on a large yellow envelope. When we entered, the little lawyer cast an astonished look at my companion. Holmes looked down. The reading of the will, therefore, concerned only three people: Michael Landsbury, Mary-Ann, pretty as a heart without her maid's dress, and the cook Emmy, her eyes still red with tears. Holmes and I sat down beside them. The lawyer began his speech:
"You forced my hand, my dear Watson. Now you dare to ask me if I want to take the case? Do I have a choice, old boy?"
Holmes had instructed me not under any circumstances to trouble him again. In this situation, it was positively critical.
"This is out of the question! Please, return to the kitchen, dear woman, and make some tea. It will all do us good.
. Alas, he
However, I could not even add that it was her daughter's choice and give him some reasonable advice before I got interrupted by our client: "We all know such people are: on every finger a different woman. No, gentlemen, this man was not the right one for my Anna."
"Speaking of Mrs Nordon, please tell her that as soon as she is free, she must come to Baker Street. I have heard from her husband. And she must not run away where I will be forced to have her arrested.
Maybe it was the season that let me reply with the sentiment: "But if it is loving every day, would you then want it?"
Together we managed the task. Cold air came from what appeared to be a tunnel. Holmes signed me to go first. However, as much as I tried to convince my feet to move, I
Unsurprisingly, John does nothing of the sort. His loyal John bends to his will.
Or apologise for getting on speed, his hips acting on their own, thinking only with his cock. John’s balls were ready to burst, swollen, full, and fingers were kneading them.
"I am still surprised to
His favourite jumper, hanging over a chair that surely had not been here yesterday, appeared to have burn marks. The wardrobe had now doubled its size.
“My appointment was for eleven,” said John with a placating smile.
WATSON Yes — certainly — I will go at once. That is singular. It did not look like anything serious. I will be back in a minute, Holmes.
It took me several minutes to regain my senses. Someone was pulling me by the sleeve. Immediately I felt the cold burn on my skin.
“Excuse me,” said John, “but can you perhaps call Dr Sawyer and tell her I am still waiting?”
John cleared his throat.
there wasn’t a soul on the street, no drunken arguments to reassure me that life was still going on as normal outside, not so much as a single footstep. I shuddered. Silence had always made me nervous in the past. I preferred the hustle and bustle to silence any day. It was when it was quiet that the bad things happened, or so the war, as well as the time as Sherlock Holmes’ Boswell, had taught me.
HOLMES: Well, merely do not do it.
I rushed to light up the four candles: one for Anna, one for her husband, one for Holmes and one for myself. It might be blasphemous for some people, but Christmas is all about love, and therefore it seemed right to dedicate the best wishes to us lovers.
be longer than you think, Mr Holmes.
"I am not an honest woman, but I am sincere in my love for the colonel. And I love Adèle."
“Mr Holmes has stepped forward a bit here, Mrs Nordon. You have no chance, as the letter has no legal value.”
When I returned home, shortly after my morning surgery, I found Sherlock Holmes standing by the window, looking out at the snow descending on Baker Street and its population of Christmas shoppers. His mood was hard to read. His long fingers, pressed together as though in prayer, tapped at his lips. He was sombre but alert, as though expecting some event with keen interest.
And oh, how I had wished to call him a lover, my beloved, that January night in 1903.
Who says you cannot blend over to
“Fern. Exactly. And...?”
“Yes! Oh, master, master, please!”
“You have the freedom to go everywhere you wanted, anywhere. Why choose him?”
The flat was a mess, but a cosy one. Homey. Sherlock walked across the living room and made a half-hearted attempt to tidy up a little, throwing a couple of folders into a box and then taking some apparently unopened envelopes across to the fireplace. He put them on the mantelpiece and then stabbed a multi-tool knife into them.
HOLMES’
After their discovery by the guardsmen, they will spend more time together. There won’t be any stolen moments, rarer than a sunny day in winter.
Sherlock sat shock-still. Had no one ever asked this? Was John the first person in god-knows-how-long who had initiated a real conversation with him?
"What a misalliance!" I exclaimed.
MORIARTY: It is a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one’s dressing gown.
In particular, Holmes was not so silently fuming with anger: "What an imbecile! And this lawyer dares to ask me to send his regards to Colonel Landsbury. That peacock might even hope to get praised
"Speaking of curiosity…" I reported the recent encounter with Lestrade and the strange case of the stolen money.
alight. "That is indeed curious, old boy."
It might not be 100% what we wanted—because we wanted him to be with us—but it’s what we got. And getting our job done, locking up the baddies, might be exactly what we needed.
“Watson?”
He was in a cab in London; he was safe and a long way from the war. Taking deep breaths, he tried to calm himself as memories continued to haunt him.
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos and comments, cheering along on Tumblr, editing, and creating fan art.
The child’s room was filled with toys, small colourful wooden horses, and delicate porcelain dolls. The walls were covered with small golden frames. The pictures showed rural scenes. Her bed was unmade. The comforter had been pushed back, and the pillow moved. There was an imposing fireplace against a wall. Various knick-knacks hung on the mantle.
“Sherlock told you to… look over me?”
Therefore, the following events I only knew about from Sherlock’s later reports. After having left Baker Street, thundering down the stairs as the door slammed behind him, Sherlock visited Dr Neil in custody.
John did not move for a few seconds, his gaze still locked with Sherlock’s. He dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock and then
Sherlock is a musician. But he’s baffled. It takes him ten seconds or twelve to identify it as
“Fancy! Going somewhere special?”
When the guard had throughout checked the pudding, they even allowed her to give the gift to him in person. Before, she had insisted that the gift was wrapped up again.
“You mean he would deduce all the questions she wanted to ask and declared them dull or boring or both?”
There were endearments, the ones I was so used to being called but
energy to his movements, always alert. His enthusiasm, his curiosity—this and so much more
." He wished us compliments
"Do you think she's guilty?"
. God knows I’ve tried. If there’s a way, I haven’t found it. And, before you ask, John, no—you cannot free me.”
"I'm only interested in your scones and herbal teas,
It’s not her real title but it might have been, as she rules this town as if it’s hers. It was her late husband who was more the ruler: He treated her so horribly that she can still feel the bruises he gave her all up and down her ribs and always will until the day she dies. He was an animal in bed, though, and knew how to turn her on so much when he wanted her cunny that even if he beat every bone in her body, he could win her love again in no time at all.
You see: he is a black man. This is a fact he cannot hide, as he stands out in white society by nature.
Lestrade was on him in a flash, putting Organ’s arm behind his back. Lestrade blew his whistle and then arrested him.
They wake in the small hours, moving against each other, and they made love again. At one point, John realized he was crying and that the Jinn was kissing away his tears with burning lips.
Whenever she prepares a salve now, she smiles timidly, but the well-known observer (which basically is only Holmes who once in a blue moon appears in her shop) can detect its source.
What he said was, "I'm naughty." And what he meant was "You wouldn't have me any other way."
"Lead the way!"
I switched topics and recall in a few sentences the clearest, least blurry parts of the night.
that you need a nurse...!”
. One that he might even cherish more than the one with Mycroft.
"He had to wait before killing her, Watson," said Holmes. “Which would explain why he brought her food, a warm blanket ... She must not die before sealing Mrs Nordon's fate.”
“Do you want it, John?”
Now, all John had were regrets and memories from the golden days of their partnership. They weren’t two against the rest of the world anymore, but a lonely man whose love of his life only existed as an echo in his head.
Before all this has started, he could not have imagined detesting the thrill of a chase one day. Before, he had relished in riddles almost too difficult to solve except by him. Before, he had enjoyed disguises, code names, and testing out theories, and, yes, to prove that he is indeed the world's only consulting detective and the smartest man in any room.
Soon we were driving through the quiet countryside. We had left Norwich behind us, but there was still the forest to pass through. Night had fallen. The sky was of a pink colour that announced snow. Holmes did not loosen his teeth. Only Mrs Nordon was smiling.
A/N (08/16/2021): While the story isn't technically "new" from ch6 onwards, even my beta was asking IF it was new because I've changed so much (added bits (+1k), rearranged others, polished the POV etc.).
My arrival caused a sensation. Inspector Stanley was still present. He must have spent the night at the station, stretched out on an ottoman. He listened to my news with amazement and exasperation. It didn't take long for him to gather his men and follow me to Crevecoeur Hall.
"You must be right, Mr Holmes… However, where should I find such a - man?"
. Putting the milk away, he picked up the offending smelly item and threw it in the bin.
“Exactly, my dear. I was in the archive of Scotland Yard and have done my research. Half a year before your grandfather had invited your family to Sherrington; a treasure from the local church was stolen. And when I looked through the list of suspects, the veil was lifted.”
“It should look nice, sir”, she had said.
"The answer to that question would move this investigation a lot further," Holmes answered.
"You're from around here, there's still the local twang to your accent that a decade away couldn't erase, and yet your skin is brown. You've been in a climate far sunnier than this. The wounding is fairly recent. Your hands are used to manual labour, so not a merchant or scholar; but aren't the hands of a serf, and your cloak is not that of a beggar. So: You, John Watson, are a soldier. And as Doyle is the last village along this road, I conclude you return home. It's simple for those who observe."
"No. It was cold?"
Long gone were the days of my military training and, later, the Afghan campaign. Local work as a general practitioner was my only professional occupation nowadays; if I had the time as it is quite common that I follow immediately Mr Sherlock Holmes when he utters the cunning, “The game is afoot!”.
"This guy?" I asked, surprised.
MORIARTY: So it leaves us alone — doesn’t it, Mr Holmes — alone; so that we can talk the matter over quietly and not be
. Most people’s wishes are tremendously dull. Where’s the excitement if all you do for centuries is granting the same wishes repeatedly? Not to mention the repeated reminder that no, you can’t grant infinite wishes, and, no, you can’t grant immortality
“I mean what game is being played here.”
“Sherrington?” I pondered over it for a moment before answering, “no, I don’t think it does.”
BILLY
"Do you know Wisterneys well?"
“I beg your pardon?” Sherlock had a little stammer suddenly.
A man can’t try a woman out until he’s married to her. Then it’s too late to get rid of her once she’s revealed all her faults. Ask the merchant: Gregory Lestrade will pledge all his wealth to get rid of his wife these days.
John noticed, with horror and amusement, that something else was on the mantelpiece.
“She escaped you. Was Robert present during your excavations?”
“Please, this is a fearful, serious business. There is a real danger.” I put on my doctor voice, hoping that my excitement didn’t shine through. My Holmes always had relished in my thrill, calling it us ‘two against the rest of the world’, but others didn’t understand.
Finally, she fell silent, overcome by fatigue and drugs. Silence. The lawyer, relieved, turned to me.
I happily breathed in the clean, cool air outside.
“Stop it! I still obeyed all your orders: Kill Robert, kill my uncle, kill Sherlock Holmes.”
I took a shortcut through the field: long grass grew on either side of the path. Walking in the other direction was a slim woman about two decades my junior, wearing spectacles. As I grew closer, I could tell that she was looking at me as they did in the street, partly in sympathy, part voyeuristically. What was different about her gaze was the way she held my eyes steady and even offered me a shy smile? I appreciated this acknowledgement, this tiny mark of respect. I hurried along the path to the coastline.
"Who brought her the tea?"
Sherlock shuddered, which the stranger commented immediately:
Bond: Well, she never tied me to a chair.
James Bond. Have you heard of James Bond?
The minute I wanted to utter
Now, he has the man he loves in his arms. They have a lot to tell each other.
"I will not allow the honour of a lady to be insulted in this way," I replied.
Tears were streaming down both of their faces, but they kissed and kissed. After all, they were tears of joy.
At the end of Sherlock’s explanation, the phone appeared again in John’s hand.
Holmes went to his desk and—from the sounds of it—opened the secret compartment. Whatever he hid in
I only dare to reach out for him when his breath rattles. These are his last breaths, so he won't scold me for it. It will bring him comfort to know that he isn't alone, even if I am the only one at his bedside.
"I don't understand what ..." Holmes began, surprised, certainly not expecting a question like that. For a few seconds, he gasped for meaning, then smiled. When he finally understood what he was talking about, then he too looked up at the ceiling. His guess turned out to be exact when he saw a mistletoe hanging over their heads; then he returned to his companion's light eyes, which each time set his body on fire and gave him emotions he had never felt before knowing him.
“I can’t complain, Jones. The weather is rather splendid, don’t you think?”
“Obviously?”
WATSON: From the way you speak — from the way you — look — from all sorts of things! — (
like a deduction game - and Sherlock knew his opinion about him as a target and kept his thoughts to himself most of the time nowadays - but something was puzzling him.
HOLMES: Elementary. What else?
Several hours passed. Mary-Ann, a good compassionate soul, brought me some hot coffee and sandwiches, prepared by the cook. At my request, the fire was lit. Time passed lowlier still.
Maybe it’s Holmes’ guilty secret? A potential push towards awareness to self-love? You don’t have to feel guilty for loving something? “Chris Martin is Sherlock Holmes’ Man-Crush” Blabla.
The Bar of Gold has seen better days. Nothing was shining here. Even the streetlights were barely flickering. The outside and inside were shabby, worn, and weary, like its guests. It was full of people milling around. It was loud. Some were talking, some more screaming or yelling, as if the people next to them were deaf. Some were laughing, giggling, even I couldn’t be sure if it wasn't because of too much alcohol involved.
Holmes was noting something in his journal. However, when I arrived at the table, he closed it and dropped it into his pocket. He was wearing the clothes from yesterday, and he still looked like a gentleman. How had he tamed his curls? I felt inadequate with my flushed cheeks, tousled hair and loosened collar from the seaside.
MORIARTY
Because frankly speaking, for a French RomCom centred around Chopin - the score and the music in-screen was horrendously bad. It was fake as fuck, but I could MAYBE ignore it when it wasn’t for the mansplaining. Because it was the white straight middle-aged man that explained to THE PIANIST that she’s doing it all wrong,... while he isn’t even a professional.
“But why all this?”
Soon only Holmes, Lestrade, and I remained at the pier. The police officers had dragged away from the now docile Mr Marley. Tonight was the end of Jacob Marley, a notorious moneylender, blackmailer and insurance fraud. His criminal empire has fallen, and soon he would face the gallows: he was the one who had murdered Bernie.
MORIARTY
Holmes took us to a simple inn in Norwich, where we took three rooms. We could have gotten away with two rooms, so Holmes and I could share one, but apparently, I had no saying in anything at the moment. Mrs Nordon didn't ask questions, letting the detective lead in resisting. Before she retired to bed, Holmes insisted she should not leave the room and rest.
“I suppose...
"What do you think?"
They had first met, as he had found her near her mother’s grave. Technically, the nun had informed him, but that was a minor detail. It was shortly after her seventeenth birthday, and he wasn’t intimidated or afraid. He would play it like he tricked everyone for the last fifteen years and some, and he would never be confronted with her wrath.
They pulled up before a Victorian facade that was now a private residence. John instantly spotted the café called Speedy’s downstairs. Upstairs, there appeared to be a
John!
Unexpectedly, Holmes had wired me to meet him. I rushed to Sussex Downs immediately; for a second, it had been like 1891 instead of 1914; "The Game is Afoot" and Dr John Watson was - once again - the ever-faithful Boswell of Mr Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. While I had driven to the countryside, I had pondered about writing something in
Instantly, I knew I was forgiven.
HOLMES: Because at that hour, Moriarty… your life will not be worth that, (
. When we continued our path, the wind had roughened up the river. Waves were crashing against the docks. So close to the water, the snow has been melting, making everything slippery wet. Oh, how I wished we would be back in 221b already.
“I promise you, it will”, Watson said. “You will see.” And oh, how I wished to promise him more, but it could not be done.
During the walk, I have become almost a comrade, an absent brother-in-arms for the colonel, who cordially called me Watson. War could do that two men, memories bringing people together.
Holmes and I had shared lodgings in 1881, and by the time the events of
(See the end of the chapter for
Today you'll dream that you are kissing me, John. Payback time for the dream you caused me last night. SH
“Our client is dead, John, while his daughter is still missing. I failed them all.”
) — a dangerous game — but I was playing it! — It will never be the same! No more games — I have had enough! It is my last case!
My partner looked tired. His features were drawn. Watson had put his hand to his head. The poor man must have suffered from excruciating migraines.
The young woman didn't know what to say. She looked up at me, but I couldn't find anything to say either. It was certain to me that the Colonel's mind was wavering. I couldn't forget the cold anger that had driven him to disinherit Mrs Nordon. Michael Landsbury triumphed.
“Mr Holmes, please. Mr HOLMES!
When the woman has finished her story, everyone is in a pretty sombre mood.
him in the face. After clearing my throat, I asked hesitantly, “Why haven’t you said something? And your odd behaviour today…?”
. I’m already long overdue.
, and fan dancer extraordinaire. I am also somewhat well known for my work in documenting the remarkable talents of my friend, the world’s only consulting detective, England’s proud son, that brilliant deductive genius and foremost toffee-nosed pounce: Mr Sherlock Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you going to kill me?” asked John. He watched the driver’s face in the rear-view mirror. The flames were lurking; rising and falling;
The wind was combing Holmes' curls into a spiky quiff. He was staring at the sea as if it was hypnotising
Sherlock shovelled half a dozen pieces of bacon into his mouth, chewed, and wiped the fat from his lips with the back of his hand.
"What‘s on your mind, Holmes? You look thoughtful, if I may say so, old man. Not that you aren
"But we can't leave him that way," she retorted.
Martha Hudson might not have witnessed many concerts, but she instinctively registers the unusual, almost bubbly mood. Rarely Sherlock is prone to smiling with his eyes, and his shoulder loosened. Mummy had seen her boy putting on a brave face in his younger years, pretending to be alright. He wasn’t normal, and he acted the part on principle as a teenager. Gifted child - it had been a curse most days. As he grew up, he understood that his parents wanted the best for him, but their interests rarely matched his. They tried as hard as Sherlock himself, but both parties failed spectacularly. Mycroft was a mediator, meddling along, and he flourished at this job but also got too sure of himself: he wasn’t a fixer, because his brother doesn’t need fixing. All he needs is love. And Mrs Hudson has plenty for her boys on Baker Street.
My coat was soaked, and I wondered why I was not freezing more. Perhaps I was past it all, as London seemed so far away. The storm came and
him up.
"That’s the question. Another mystery!"
. It makes Sherlock Holmes’ ears bleed. It’s only reasonable that he texts a doctor.
It was not Major John Sholto’s voice that had called out to him, nor had it been loyal Bill Murray who had dragged him to safety.
At last, it was agreed that we return to London as soon as my leg could support the journey. It was badly broken. I never knew where I had drawn the strength to do everything I had accomplished that famous night...
That a girl in their class, Molly H., should be the puppet master behind it all, however, that seems to be right out of a fairy tale.
Finally, he wiped his eyes, sniffed deeply and raised his head, coming to attention in front of a ghost.
BILLY: She says it was terribly important, sir, as she wants to know what you will have for your breakfast in the morning
but sheltered. There was only him, my one fixed point, and my whole universe. “Also, Watson, screw the law if they believe this to be a crime.”
“I took the first train and came back. How is she, Watson?”
"No, you do not, John, or at least, I do not need one. And if the next thing you want to offer me is an explanation, stop it this instant. I am of higher intellect, I knew it all along and I played along, so please, old friend, do not insult my intelligence. I went along, and I went along willingly. And if you wish to know—as we are both old men, and the world is in shambles and will be in far greater turmoil soon—I went without hesitation. You, dear John, were the exception. I ponder about cases, about experiments, about the way of men, but never about you. I choose you without giving you, us, it a second thought. And I won't start now, and if it's in my power, I'll make you stop doing it now as well."
"I do not
"He wouldn't have married me. My husband is still alive."
When I interpret your DI’s wording correctly, Sherlock Holmes' involvement as a consultant didn’t go smoothly.
When the service is over, Sister Mary offers food for the poor. It’s never very frequent. The town gossips that the leftover is eaten by herself as one cannot leave food to waste. Strangely enough, the quality of food has risen over the last couple of weeks, as if Sister Mary counts in this.
I am your man, Holmes."
"Have you any new investigations to inspire you?"
it. But I was so afraid of losing him..."
the tone of his letter, he cherishes her more than anything. How can it be that a ransom has not already been demanded?"
) — which you will find;
“I already thought of that. What made you suspect it, Sherlock?”
Startled, I rushed to answer: “No, I’m afraid not. Rather confusing when taking into consideration how beautiful Sherrington is, I think.
, but tonight nothing stirred.
"Of course, Holmes, but that will allow this unfortunate father to mourn his daughter."
"How is she?"
grant wishes. However, I
I had a blast writing this fic, and I hope a bit of this joy came/comes through in the text.
A fleeting touch to my shoulder brought me back: we had reached our destination.
https://www.theguardian.com/music/2020/nov/25/chopins-interest-in-men-airbrushed-from-history-programme-claims
John had a
"Let us go, Watson, my old friend. Let us seek sanctuary in our little paradise on 221b Baker Street."
“Yes, Watson. I was.”
In that small room, Holmes really felt at home. He didn't consider it just a place to vent his sexual desires, not only because he came there even when he needed to be alone to reason about an important cause, but also because it was there that most of the time he and his companion argued, they remained silent smoking a pipe, they talked about some new cases next to each other, naked.
"You hurt yourself and it's not good for the child," I scolded her gently.
It took John far too long that the whispered “Sherlock”, repeating as if it was a prayer, was his own doing.
"What does that mean? What is this woman doing here?
return to the autumn of their life in London and later, for retirement, in the metaphorical winter, they found a home here forever."
"I have a lot of vials like this. What is that?"
HOLMES: No, Watson. I do not mean that, I mean copyright.
"What makes you so sure?" I could not help but ask.
He bends over and spits, feeling Watson jump in surprise as he does so.
It makes no sense that a man like Sherlock Holmes ends up with a man like me. He would say the same, and that is the beauty of our partnership. I was never considered beautiful, but to him, I am beautiful. He whispered it in my ear that morning, and I wanted to protest, as I knew how I look. My Holmes is a beauty, I, myself, would have called handsome years ago.
“I’m getting grey?”
"That’s a given, not sure however if we’re really dealing with a fanatic or someone just wanting us to believe that."
John Henry Norton had been convicted of murder and had been sent to jail. He was waiting to be hanged. However, he had come up with a plan, which involved a Christmas pudding made by his ever-loyal wife.
"Certainly, Mr Arbucklehurt."
A voice whispered: “Doctor, do not try it, I will release you and then slowly face me, you must not make a sound, tap my head if you understand.”
It was a sensual contrast: it had the colour of snow or ice, but burnt like fire.
“This is today’s Gazette?”
, she had indeed been staying with her Aunt Lydia, who lived near the coastal town. They had been wed in secret, and as Holmes has observed, consummated the marriage: Anna Johnson was expecting a child.
the waves crashing in, the tide turning and knowing that we were going to last.
Holmes did not answer immediately. Instead, he clutched Adèle's photograph in his hands. He looked at it for a long, silent minute.
"Of course, the little one loved them.
“Yes, Watson... What do we make out of it?”
I couldn't help but whisper.
“Do you want a glass?” Watson turns around and heads for the bar. He stops dead when a hand reaches out for him. Sherlock’s arm burns like a brand mark. Immediately, Watson scolds himself for being so touched-starved. No, he corrects himself instantly: he is simply startled. He is only not used to such proximity, and in particular, by his former business partner.
"That woman! She will kill herself if she continues to have such fits."
"That's not what people normally say."
However, in modern times, it was more as if the Jinn were the ones burning alive. That with each new person who demanded them to grant their wishes, another segment of the Jinn’s heart was lost. Once, the Jinn had been Great Gods.
“Something? What do you mean, Watson?
The case had been highly confidential. To be frank, John had not understood parts of it. Something about a secret society that avenges sins or something. Lots of esoteric nonsense if you asked him. Sherlock had tried to explain it to him, about messages in pictures and layouts of old sheds and telling names, and if John recalled correctly knowledge about Thomas of Aquinas and Sigmund Freud were also important, and John had effectively shut him up with a surprise kiss.
(HOLMES
"Since you seem to like treats, help yourself. But I still don't know who you are."
His remark made me smile, too. To occupy my hands, I hastened to examine his wound and bandage it carefully.
It’s the roll’s fault; something got into the wrong place, somewhere. Watson coughs loudly. He cannot stop. He searches for his cup. Sherlock gives it to him. Their hands’ touch; John almost
"I understand, Mr Holmes, your anger towards me, but you shouldn't have given the interview with the Daily Telegraph. I have nothing to do with Adèle’s abduction.
“But why, Holmes? Was he involved in this treasure business then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs Hudson’s exclamation will put a smile on someone’s face, however, so as if she knew she will be overheard.
) is this it sir?
Sherlock scanned Molly’s message. His initial frown transformed into a smile:
Anna reported her husband’s involvement in the plot as well:
"Congratulations, Miss Parker! This indeed explains your gastric troubles. Nothing to worry about in this case. Your legitimate concern over Adèle's disappearance has only made the inconvenience caused by your condition worse."
When Holmes had completed the search of the area, he returned to London. He believed that part of the solution to this case would lie in London. So he left me and urged me to watch over our client carefully.
HOLMES: And what does that tell us?
The house was from the eighteenth century. Larger than I thought, but as the case has proven so far, my memories were feeble. It was surrounded by a garden that had seen better days.
“You’re expecting a 7-year-old boy to handle explosives?”
“Holmes, you may well be right.
"Obviously, John. How can you put up a wooden cross with a corpse on your own? Physically improbable. Not to forget transportation etc. And rarely are drivers skilled in poison. Which leads us to the more pressing matter: which sort?"
The trees were still with no buds, swaying like consumptive cripples in the wind, and casting dark shadows. Fine hoarfrost lay on their branches and twigs, which looked like bony arms that stretched out after us. To cut it short: the weather brought out my poetic nature. Though it might have been simply the aftermath of the severe fever that had plagued me until recently still clouded my view. Yet, I could not help but sense a feeling of foreshadowing, of coming to doom.
It is early afternoon when they meet.
“Does that feel good?” Holmes whispers.
.) You are not the only one — who can tell things — from small details.
The End
I longed for an explanation, and a confirmation, in words and action, that he knows about the depth of our partnership.
), then a professional team hired by Mrs Hudson would fix the shooting holes in the wall (
MORIARTY
This is almost the end. There will be a very short epilogue. The little extra at the final confrontation is from "The Three Garridebs", however, the lines themselves are to be found in the original French story. And you assume right when you think that this scene made me fall in love with Lady Sybille's pastiche irrevocably.
“Of course, just joking, Mr Holmes.”
flushed from the cold.
Tonight he has to share the stage with others, so they’re going to get what they expect: the Pianist, but because these days will be over, he’s going with a bang, which is an unplugged version of Coldplay’s
LadySybille wrote "The Disappearance of Adèle Landsbury" for a fan and friend, a member of the French Sherlock Holmes Society, who has sadly passed away. We want to bring this story to new audiences, not alone to the English speaking world but also to a younger generation.  I dearly hope that I do her and her work justice.
“Is it from the Colonel or somebody else’s
"This is a gang that has engaged in child abduction with the ransom demand before. It is an American fashion that was exported to England. They will start over."
All was noise and light, all the reasons her parents never could come with her to the funfair. Her daddy could not face another shooting range, as well as her papa could not endure flashing lights and big crowds. Both men had gone to war, and they had made it back alive. This was all that counted. Some things are beyond repair, and they had made their peace with it.
“Watson, be a dear and help me? I will admit that ordering such things is far easier than preparing them. When we come home to Baker Street, we will have to give Mrs Hudson a raise, and not only to encourage her to look the other way or suddenly turn tone-deaf on some occasions.”
“For Heaven—Hell–everyone’s sake,” he swore.
“To hell with Mr Holmes. Take my offer or leave it. I will not renew it, that I can promise you, good woman.”
John checked his watch. He had two hours to get to another job interview.
Our first kiss was passionate but sweet, our second was familiar, and our third was pure lust.
n’t dare to even dream of reaching out to my partner.
for my mental health. Not openly, just as he seemed to play the violin by sheer chance when I had nightmares of the war in London. Or these days, a gramophone that appeared with some popular songs which Holmes despises, but I love dearly. And if we cannot sleep, we dance in our living room close to the fireplace. My Holmes looks so beautiful in the moonlight.
"House, is that a candy cane?"
Welcome back to the 2nd chapter of "A Double Bluff"!
Sadly, I cannot remember when it all started. Or, what I would prefer for more, to make it stop. All is blurring around the edges, all is fading away like quicksand, what is not lost already will be gone soon.
Take away and tea, talking in their chairs. The fireplace was lit. It seemed like a normal night in Baker Street, but it was anything but. Two o’clock, time for The Talk.
"Usually they cross themselves and spit."
"From Norwich."
I didn’t like it, but I followed my partner and sat down opposite him. It was childish that I ordered two pints and a hearty meal for us unprompted. However, two could play this game, and if Holmes would not let me into everything, at least I could keep him nutritious.
“There’s nothing natural about the last years... But you’re right John: I should not sleep in your bed, and you acted correctly when you turned me down. And yet, I want.”
In response, the inspector reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a newspaper. He handed it to the detective with a dismissive gesture.
As I rose, I saw a cab approaching on Baker Street and stopping directly beneath the window. The passenger who stepped out was Nicolas Cartridge. An old university friend now writing for the Times.
“The doctor. She won’t be coming back today.”
"I hope you were wrong. I loved her, Mr Holmes."
Hell, John knew this. He went job hunting even if it was killing him.
“Seriously, is this what people think jinn can do? No, John, I cannot read your mind, but I can read people very well. It is part of my magical nature—or so I assume—all my own. I am not the only jinn in the world, but I am the second most powerful of my kind
“What are you planning? Have you finally lose your mind, Sherlock?”
Over time, he grew better at ignoring pity-filled stares.
When the fic is finished, I'll updated the full list.
“How do you know my name? Scratch that. How could you possibly know I was shot in the shoulder?”
, and I remained. It could have been one hour or two; I lost all sense of time.
THE END
When I wake up again, all is different. Yet, everything is also familiar because my Watson is by my side.
"I do not deny it. But I am innocent."
John and Harry Watson had never got along, but when he had returned from the war, she had been John’s only option. For obvious reasons, John had to
n’t recall how I ended up here, but hopefully, the person at my bedside would have all the answers...
It was a cold and stormy day. The constant alertness to avoid falls, as well as the still dropping temperatures and with it, the demand for thick clothes slowed me down on my shopping trip through London. I felt weary and old, even though I was only middle-aged, as my limbs had been more pronounced because of the bad weather.
We entered a fairly bright room, clean and neatly tidy. A pleasant smell of cake hung in the air. A lady in her eighties was busy baking scones. Tea time couldn't be that far away. There was a door at the back of the room leading undoubtedly into the garden, which must have been more practical for working in the vegetable patch. The cook turned to us, a broad smile on her lips.
Molly is called Mary when she brings her father home. She blinks away the tears and fears that she only partly succeeds.
I dashed down the stairs and opened the front door.
why Holmes had given me the instruction.
“In, we go, doctor!” said Lestrade and pushed the door and we rushed into the laboratory.
“I can assure you, Watson, that I have never set foot on that beach in my life.”
," cried Holmes. “Get over! I will protect you, I said. He recognized our child. Didn't he love you after all? He ignored your fault.”
“Mrs Nordon. You will follow us. I'm arresting you for the kidnapping and murder of young Adèle Lansbury. The maid will send you a trunk with some clothes.
I heard Holmes' footsteps come back to me. I pulled myself up against the trunk of a tree and could see what he was doing. To my horror, Holmes dragged Cavendish's body around and undressed him.
Spontaneity isn’t their habit. But when they heard the one preparing something in the kitchen, the other man’s feet found their way to the fridge to put out the meal Mrs Hudson had stored there. The sound of cutlery from one man told the other to put the kettle on and to clean a mug.
John should shave. These days, his hair was more white than blond. He wore a ratty T-shirt and some pants that certainly didn’t match and probably were only good for Sherlock’s experiences, but when their eyes met, he knew that all of this didn’t matter.
“Exactly, Watson! Common fern, as you yourself have pointed out in Regent’s Park. What I think happened is that you were an adventurous young man. Maybe you went out for a smoke in the garden. And you saw them descending from the secret passage. I cannot tell how much you saw if it was only a shared kiss or...”
And all was said and well, and another game was on.
I tried to pacify him. "But Mr Marley, just because he's a seafarer, doesn't mean that he's a bad person."
"Haven't you noticed, Watson, how much she doesn't help us?"
I took a few steps closer to Landsbury. The rifle would still be in his hands. Sounds of crying draw me to the foot of the stairs. Little Adèle was sitting on a step. She was crying. Embarrassed, I went running away and returned to Stanley, but she called out softly. I crouched down and looked at her, about to say a few vague words of encouragement to her, but what she did then surprised me to the highest degree. I'm not used to this kind of demonstration: Adèle Landsbury stood up and hugged me while crying louder.
So, it’s all fine.
“Don't apologize”, whispered the young woman. “I understand.”
"Yes, when you hire a servant, you read their references, Mary-Ann," I explained, sensing Landsbury’s emotional state and his, therefore, unwillingness to elaborate. "Where are they?"
The young and elegant housekeeper, Miss
Maybe to distract me, he asked, “remember what you saw in the garden of Sherrington Hall?”
“Not for an hour, I should think.”
It was messy, sticky, and soon the ejaculate would glue them together, but for those glorious seconds, it didn’t matter.
"Okay fine, just another drink then," John said, agreeable.
The notes appeared to be a diary of sorts, read:
“Mmm.”
“I’m not a Sex God, John. Even if it flatters me you think that possible.”
“I knew it, Holmes!” I really did not. And Holmes probably knew it as well. Two fools in love, what a pair we made. “That is why you expected it! I knew something was odd that you have seen it but not informed me about it. Normally, you would do it to show how clever you are. *mimicking* Watson, what can you deduce from this envelope *mimicking* passable, but I hope you would go deeper. For instance...”
"Exactly, John! As a lot doesn’t look as it seems: another substance was found, a strong sedative."
I could not hide my surprise and my delight out of my voice. "Holmes, I thought you weren‘t a friend of the season?
And particularly during the night, I wonder if it was a good decision and not a selfish one to abandon our old life, as I look back in the books that I have written and published, as a retirement project to the delight of the public.
“How did he manage that?” I asked, buffed but also worried.
HOLMES (
Not that I hoped to be scolded for leaving him behind once again, or maybe I did secretly. To hear his hurt, and to know that he cared.
Sherlock had spent the anniversary of the fall at the graveyard. He had taken the risky trip on a whim. It had been a thrill; an adult version of hide-and-seek, an escape room only from him, a reminder that the game was still on. He had breathed in his city, rejoiced in its beating heart, and for an hour, and it had been almost bearable. Alternatively, he had done so until John had shown up and had delivered his speech. Sherlock could not bear it; hidden behind a marble angel as if he had been a hero like his John had claimed him to be and not, instead of a fraud, a fallen angel.
hyperventilate, he had pressed his fingertips to his temples, groaning in anguish. Or how he had forced himself to blow out breaths to calm himself, his fingers trembling against his skin. His face had been twisted with self-loathing, trying unsuccessfully to blink back tears.
, sighed the colonel.
Their wives have pushed them to take such positions of power in the guild because they, too, would benefit from being married to men of such prestige.
I felt nostalgic in it, and yet I wasn’t so fanciful as to believe that Sherlock’s eyes had widened when I had entered our living room dressed in it for a second.
"You're very pushy,“ John said.
"Indeed, Watson: Sir Robert is a former client. He introduced us to the interesting
All is well until a scene Sherlock silently curses himself for forgetting about:
Welcome (back) to the third chapter of LONDON GODS,
Miss Parker, sitting beside the Colonel, but one of her hands on his arm in a gesture of reassurance. “Dear, go rest. Remember what Dr Lewis told you.
The innkeeper smirked amusedly, not thinking about harm.
It was like a blow to his head, a punch in his stomach, like rushing over to help, frantically searching for his pulse. Forever replaying in his head,
“Scratches. Not one, but many. It has been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me would not treat his one luxury item like this, so it must have had a previous owner. The next bit is easy. You know it already.”
After all, it was not Molly Hooper’s fault that one fine morning in May, she had been walking through the garden at sunrise, singing like an angel and picking flowers to make new soap.
I'm so excited to see how well-received this fic is so far. Seriously, all your comments and the kudos and the enthusiastic replies on Tumblr <3 Thanks once more to my two betas, elwinglre & irisbleufic.
“Do you think they’re going to sleep soon, John?”
“You see it for yourself: the demons haunt me in my sleep.”
“Hey, man, we’re landed! Back to the living, mate, and run! You’ve got five minutes before the concert starts!”
it like a fact, and it rattles John further. He stands up straighter, fighting his body into submission once more. “You do.”
Bea's intonation and Jessie’s smug grin are answers enough.
HOLMES
A quick nod. Sherlock’s cock was hot and hard, leaking pre-come already. John had wanted to get him rid of his pyjama bottom at least, but his love couldn’t wait so long.
“His dead body?” I inquired. I knew that my question was insensitive, but I had to be sure. On occasions like this, I realized how much Holmes
How shocking – it works!
“You want to know if you have to utter wishes aloud to get them granted?”
Most people believed Holmes retired alone to Sussex.
"So I'm going to read you this…
It took some more tears and convincing until the two women finally left. At last, I could observe the scene, using my time until Robert’s return with the police.
“Why?”
People gathering in small groups, exchanging pleasantries and local gossip. For some twenty minutes, they can simply be, no alcohol clouding their minds as it does in the tavern or the pressure of the economy on market day. It is a small burden to listen to the mess for roughly an hour.
“What I want to express is that it affected you, but not how the church or society expected it to. It was an awakening, so to speak. However, you knew you had to go back to London. You would have joined the army at one point, become a doctor, a respectable man. It shattered everything that you have known about yourself, and therefore you hid it away. Maybe you told yourself when the drinking of your brother became so severe that it was an outcome of this too.”
HOLMES
The Case of the Christmas Pudding.
? Not only to be mansplained constantly but also that when you really feel Chopin and let it go, you will finally win the prestigious award... because AT LAST, you are a sexy woman.
Colonel,
"Please, madame," replied the old man, blushing with modesty.
and also the overall fic is massively improved by @wildishmazz who took it up to read, edit, fix, explain, comment, encourage, etc. this +35k beast of a fic that I said/believed to be shy of 10k. I owe her.
It might sound odd, but the very man who once warned me about his eccentrics makes a habit of sharing my bed regularly. Even on nights when we do do not exhaust ourselves in carnal activities first, he comes to my bedchambers of the night.
The inspector disappeared, wanting to watch his men for fear that they would again forget places to examine. So I remained alone near the tomb.
"But you could at least find the culprits. Avenge Adèle!"
I was thirsty for more. That he had lapped up all that I had given him and spilt for me, and we were sated but hungry still.
): I am afraid, Professor, that in the pleasure of this conversation I am neglecting more important business. (
I had just shed my coat, ordered a cup of tea from Mrs Hudson and made myself comfortable in my chair by the fireplace when Holmes returned to Baker Street.
to be careful, Watson, for the last act.”
For nearly a decade we had been secretly and silently sneaking around 221b: retiring with whispers, stolen kisses and hushed endearments, only to rise early to return to our own cold beds alone. There had been cases that led us to remote cottages. A particular setting for reasons unknown to me by then which had increased as the years went on, but it had led to hidden treasures.
I was appalled. “Can you not speak of it in that manner, please?” I took his silence as an apology. In the distant harbour, a handful of fishing boats headed out.
, so one hears, is his favourite, for the time being, making the local carpenter,
MORIARTY’S
“There! Touch me there, oh, please, touch me there again!”
That night I lay awake in the muggy heat, bedclothes pulled away and grieved what I calculated the death of my reputation.
“The smiley was a natural reaction.”
“Is Jane guilty?
Claiming to be deaf to my questions, Holmes got up and left the room.
HOLMES: My compliments and I do not think she can — from where she is.
“What, here?”
The Wife of Doyle knows about Sherlock Holmes since he was born.
The waitress was quite happy to tell her gossip, relishing each word with delight.
It had taken me far too long to understand why the trip to the countryside occurred more often in the 1910s. I had simply followed Holmes, where he went, I followed, always and forever. No Great War could part us, even though it had been a close call for me.
“Oh, I will...”
"What does it matter to me if the child lives or dies, now, that the father believes me capable of murdering his other child?
It is a frightening process, and oh, how I raged and yelled and shouted when I realized what was happening. After the fury came to the despair and after it... came nothing. Alternatively, there might have been another state, but I cannot remember it any longer. It might be acceptance or something. I could ask our housekeeper, but what could it do? The chances are high that I forget it the next day or even earlier. Who knows: maybe I have asked day after day? Like back in the old days, when I asked my Watson about interesting articles in the newspaper. Or for a better comparison: when he retold his reading experience and 9 out of 10 times it was so pedestrian that I forgot come lunchtime or supper.
And that was all. The young woman, currently staying with one of her friends close to London, left us on the promise of returning to Norwich.
Sherlock tried to picture him as a young boy, blond hair and blue eyes, a toothy smile and more carefree. “You remember your holiday in Sherrington?”
"I waited impatiently for you," cried the driver, relieved.
He has drained afterwards, almost weeping with relief, because he’s a middle-aged man, and he’s shown a part of himself for the very first time. He was grateful that it was here.
Welcome back to the final chapter of "LONDON GODS"!
HOLMES: Open the door!
I wasted no time in guesswork and entered the mansion through the kitchen door. I had a bit of trouble breaking through the lock, not having my burglar gear with me, but I was soon in the place.
(Thomas Hardy)
"No problem," the architect had replied, with a bit of a chuckle and she added, "most houses do." Cordelia Partridge had been vetted by Mycroft Holmes and approved for her attention to detail.
“The little one is dead, Watson.”
“Please, old friend, one last time: how much time do you think we have left?”
(HOLMES
like it was all no big deal: going to bed together, a regular end to a day.
MORIARTY
Laughter helps. Sherlock is amazed that they can resume watching the movie. Sometimes they giggle like schoolgirls and tease each other. Now, he has a new memory with
"Come on
such hatred towards Miss Parker. The newspapers couldn’t have been kind to her when Adèle Landsbury disappeared. But she seems to be such a pretty, charming young woman."
“Excellent, John. I am sure that your sacrifices will not be in vain.”
The note was short. It read: M T W T
the most bizarre event in a small town called Sherrington. You stayed there some thirty years ago during your teenage years at your grandfather’s home.”
HOLMES: As to that, I do not particularly care, so that I might bring you to see it.
Imagine my surprise when instead of a walking stick or a hat, I faced a mistletoe! Even more peculiar: Holmes seemed to intend to put it on our mantelpiece.
“Not now, Watson.”
HOLMES: I do not care for it at all. I do not require any notebooks. If you want it, so badly we will have someone get it for you.
Once upon a time, one could say that being
He tried it out in his mind:
“How did he escape?”
"They'll learn, then get cocky, and then we will catch them. I warned the big families of the region that they keep their children under surveillance."
Kudos & comments are love. Tell me what you think and maybe what you wished to read for our two men in love in the coming December!
However, when he finally appeared for dinner, he was irritable and uncommunicative, and from these symptoms, I guessed him in a process of some pressing mental work.
The merchants of Doyle are wealthy, haughty, and far too interested in the few female traders in town.
"I'm speaking about Adèle."
I was thrown several meters. Thank God that I didn't hit a tree.
I rushed back to Baker Street, but the door was no longer open. On such a cold and windless day, I thought it unlikely that it would be closed by a draw.
“Indeed, someone used a ladder. Inspector Stanley got it right.
John meets Sherlock, who happens to be a Jinn -- plot twist.
That jinn/genie might be sexual slaves to their master is a nod to a fandom classic by mojoflowers. There's a podfic by consulting_smartarse as well.
“First, you suspect the devout catholic, then hours later, the ex-doctor. I’ve said countless times that you shouldn’t jump to conclusions, and what have you done? Exactly that, John."
Her father is snoring when the messenger arrives. It’s an invitation to a picnic. There’s no name, but she can detect his handwriting everywhere. She should not, and not only because she leaves her father in the maid's care, but she does it anyway.
Soon, we reached St. James’ Park, opened the gates, and entered. Arm-in-arm, we walked one of the countless paths. As Holmes had predicted, there was no other soul in sight.
Holmes' eyes shone with anger. My impatience grew.
HOLMES: It has the general outline of being it. Quite so. Put it on the table.
The colonel looked dumbfounded. The worries, as well as the lack of rest, had dangerously reduced our client’s faculties: he couldn’t remember.
The two are a unit, and the guardsmen follow the couple through the streets of their town.
HOLMES (
"The references?"
However, when Dr John H. Watson, captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers, got shot and uttered the words, “Dear God, let me live”, all was changed. Apparently, it was true: love could conquer it all.
Our error had been to ignore it.
“Yes?”
Not that I had any idea what I could have done to arouse it.
The next morning, the snow was falling still. I couldn
Trained to keep his inner workings in check, John roughly chokes out “Sherlock.”
One fine morning, as I sat at the breakfast table in our sitting room, the door opened and Holmes entered. He was wearing a thick coat, as it was January and one of the coldest seasons since we had cohabitated 221b Baker Street.
I would appreciate it if you put a new article on the front page about the Landsbury affair. This contribution will allow me to outwit the culprits and force them to confess where the body of little Adèle is buried. Please post this:
"Yes, Holmes. Are you able to give this to him?"
“No, not really, Sherlock! I’m not 100% sure why you played
It showed Molly’s personal growth that she was surprised but not blushing or stammering. Instead, she retorted:
Holmes had a knack for understatement.
"What do you want, gentlemen?"
“Somewhere local?”
His cock is long, slim, and very erect.
Watson opens his eyes. They're dark as coal. There's a flicker already, a spark. Love is like a desert or even hell itself. Love is like wildfire because the more it burns, the more it wants to burn down everything it can. “What?”
): Holmes, if you had lived a few centuries ago, they would have burned you alive. (
Such thoughts polluted my restless brain and tormented my subconsciousness. In addition, adding to all this lay a sense that all was not clear, that something crucial remained unspoken.
It was already growing dark when the doorbell rang.
Norwich being a small town, only had one police station and itself only one cell. Usually, this cell only locked up drunkards, not a young woman accused of the abduction of a child and murder.
WATSON: Here!
I sensed Holmes had a plan, one that was falling into pieces at the moment. Frankly, I was still baffled about our presence at the opening of the will. What did we have to do with this strictly private matter? The Landsbury case was closed, hadn't Holmes made it clear to us? The rest were no longer our business, especially if Mrs Nordon was away.
"May I speak to Miss Parker?"
He touched me and I could make out the growing hardness of his cock pressed against me
They sleep.
His plan was possible to set his son-in-law up. Instead, it backfired spectacularly, including the revelation of who's the owner of
Holmes unfolded and straightened himself from the armchair. He took a few steps into the living room, aiming for the windows. Looking out, his back to me, he finally spoke: “Because I wouldn't be of any use. The girl has been dead for almost a week.
Holmes grips his bent legs by the knees and all but folds his lover in half. The marks on his fingers from the fire are burned like brand marks on Watson’s own flesh. Both men are going to forge a new unit tonight.
century, as we had welcomed each new year and it seemed as if nothing would ever happen between us.
the dreams began.
pocket: 'Plymouth, 12th of December.'
Treacherous body, foolish organ. I wanted to be angry with him. I wanted to demand that he speak up. He is the man who knows the best, he knows, he knows he can trust me.
The wise man, who had reminded Holmes, had been me.
“From the beginning, old boy. I have loved you since I first saw your face.”
“I don’t want to pry, Sherlock, but I’m curious. It’s just that... I feel better, so much better, since meeting you. However, I’m pretty sure that I haven’t wished for anything.”
The second tavern was
Now, she fixed John with a glare, and it wouldn’t have surprised John if she uttered,
John Watson fucks up and breaks the promise: he looks Sherlock Holmes up on the internet.
“Old for her, right?”
Only recently, in an official statement, you distanced yourself from the allegiance you made against him, most prominently, him being a fraud.
One of them
Mrs Nordon finally seemed to regain all her joy and hope. She thanked everyone with lots of smiles and reverences, once a more charming young woman.
“You're acting not very gentlemanlike to poor Mrs Hudson.
WATSON: Good heavens — burned me— (
It had been a long time since pretending to be a staunch friend of Mrs Nordon's. She had learned the secret of Miss Parker's true identity, waiting to use this precious information. After the signing of the new Will, an evil plan sprang up in the maid's mind. She and Michael kidnapped the little one.
“The fat bourgeois looks mean. Don't cry, ma'am, we won't spoil him too much. He can still be of use for you in the bed-chamber!
. I have thought about it and I want her child to inherit. It will be our child, my heir.
Slim shook his head. "No, Basil. Been a while." Then he whispered, while putting two beers in front of us, "Heard he is at
"There’s been a gruesome murder. A male sex worker has been killed."
John Watson forces himself to breathe regularly. No need to panic, all is fine. He may feel good. All he has to do is let go. It’s definitely a ton of bricks lifting from his shoulders. Its crash has to be heard all over London. John doesn’t inspect the pieces or try to collect some stones. Instead, he lets it go, vaporising into dust. He breathes out, long and with intent, blowing it all away. The stars have never shone more brightly.
Soon the lineup to Sherlock’s concert is playing. Apparently, the radio station airs a best-of. There are several competitors. John recognises some pieces as well as names thanks to his recently reawakened interest in the classical world.
"But I don't have them."
“We'll see Mr Landsbury. We will see. I am taking Mrs Nordon under my protection. Who lives…”
Landsbury, alarmed, waited expectantly for the visitor. A worn out and drenched Sherlock Holmes appeared in the living room, limping with his left foot. He came and sat down beside us, pouring himself a large glass of whiskey.
Finally, a letter arrived from Norwich, written by Mrs
when you stepped into the car, but you didn’t ask for
When their eyes met, Sherlock’s eyes lit up. Oh God, he won’t ever look at Sherlock’s deduction’s face the same way, because, in this second, John Watson knew he was spoiled for everything and anyone.
): I came here this evening to see if peace could not be arranged between us.
“You are too good a man.”
One-word sentences, never a good sign.
"Certainly not, Mr Holmes," he repeated. "I know your reputation. You like sticking your nose into people's private affairs. Colonel Lansbury's will is none of your business."
It was the director of the prison who informed us that Norton had escaped. There would be a police officer at the door and, of course, all were searching for him, but the London fog made it difficult.
It’s a bestseller, and in particular, the men who like to call women their wives without being married to them choose them as a token of what they call affection.
BILLY: Downstairs in the back kitchen, sir.
“I would very like a newspaper.”
And he disappeared.
My blood only swirled. There were Irish in my family. “Madam, please.
WATSON): Precisely. This strange case of Professor Moriarty, reborn from The Reichenbach. Not unlike as myself... (
"If you said that Mycroft is involved in this, I would say
After this, Holmes pushes his cock into his lover’s mouth again and again.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Everyone had seen it.
John walked downtown until he found the building and made his way to the fourth floor, to the office of Dr Sarah Sawyer.
HOLMES
“Apologies, Jones. It must be my just recent recovery from a severe illness and that Holmes dragged me here, regardless. But that’s Holmes for you.” I winked to cover my distress, and it worked.
In the living room, he would not sit. He stood, with his arms behind his back, a man prepared to deliver an accusation.
Sadly, we toasted the 20
when he looked at me, it was with annoyance, as though I had broken a sacred spell. Holmes had been in his mind palace, apparently, I concluded.
The innkeeper in Dartmoor had apologized for not being able to offer them a double room. Angelo with his stupid candles. There were probably a dozen ongoing bets at the Yard. Every, “I’m not actually gay”.
Suddenly, catching both of them by surprise, Watson put his arm around the detective's waist and hugged him. He felt uncomfortable, but he didn't let go. He had been completely seduced by those tender gestures of his that he knew only for himself.
Then, Irene and her female companion had announced their departure while giving far more away from their coming night activities than Sherlock was scared to know. Oh, and the woman could - obviously not stop whispering in his ear that if the roles were reserved, he would not care. He had pretended to be offended,
Surely you know it wasn’t personal?
“Sounds good.” Watson isn’t sounding odd; it’s just a very odd morning.
"Mr Holmes, I need your help."
#magical sex
“A plan?”
BILLY: Mrs. ‘Hudson’s compliments, sir, an’ she wants to know if she can see you?
(WATSON
THE END
“The unhappy one.”
“You must be
When I returned to the living room, freshly shaven and in my best suit, all were decorated with wonderful Christmas ornaments. I learned it had been Holmes’ idea, and even more curious still, he had set them up himself. God knows where he
Instantly, I looked for clues for what had occupied Holmes’ time for the last few days, but I had no luck. At least the ankle did not seem to bother him anymore. I dearly hoped he had listened to me for once and put some ice on it.
“And the news of the colonel's suicide will not make it any more reasonable.”
: the rise and fall of the great detective, as well as the realisation that he had not only a great brain but also a great heart? And if something had been proven in the last 10 days, it was that he was a good man too. His plan of introducing Scarlet as a sort of announcement of his return - “welcome back, John” - was so unlike him: brilliant, but a bit not good.
"Only a few minutes to midnight" Holmes whispered, after a few moments, with a hoarse and caressing voice, while he touched the companion at the base of the neck with a seductive touch, without taking his eyes off his face "And I, my dear Watson, I want to state the obvious: that you have so far not expressed any wishes for Christmas..."
"Look out of the window, Watson. This weather should be perfect for crime! Alas, nothing happens."
an assistant for my work. I’m a consulting detective, the only one in the world, I invented the job. You carry a gun, you are addicted to danger, and I could provide you with adventures you could actually blog about. And I have this flat and it’s an expensive spot. Even Mrs Hudson gives me a discount. She owes me a favour. It’s a rather long story, John. Let us say, normally, you only get three wishes granted,
"My dear Holmes! That you... what I mean to say is... such... sentimental thoughts are unlike you…"
He witnesses the best friend's first question for today: "All good, John?"
The colonel’s nephew had lost all of his haughtiness and appeared to curl up, while Mr Cavendish presented the various aspects of the case. In the end, Mr Albucklhurt ordered the young man in an authoritative voice to be careful not to disturb Mrs Nordon with any new threatening proposals. Then he announced that Mrs Nordon would move to Crevecoeur Hall that very evening.
Molly Hooper, always cheery, got depressed. She went from lively to forlorn, and no one except Sherlock Holmes registered it.
His nutrition was lacking. Instead of cooking, he bought takeaway and ready-made meals, smuggled them up to the bedsit beneath his coat for days before he realized no one cared. Even then he felt strange about carrying the bags of food into the dimly little elevators (John always had to bend and squint to find the button to press to take him to his floor) and up to the tiny room in which he stayed. His latest constant companion was the bottle of cheap alcohol if the tea did not offer enough comfort against the harsh reality of twilight.
When I returned to the ground level, Holmes had vanished.
"David."
"So you meant to upset him? Why?"
“I guess that it’s been a success?”
HOLMES: (
The Wife of Doyle demands that once a month all women are allowed in the tavern. Not to serve the men, but to talk about the men they serve in life and bed. No men may enter the tavern then.
"Forgive me, gentlemen," Mary-Ann whispered, blushing adorably. “But the colonel had sent Robert to fetch some medicine to treat Mrs Nordon. She was in terrible pain, still in shock over Adèle’s disappearance.”
Inside, I saw the villain was now attacked by... myself.
“Tell us about the day Adèle disappeared.
, what they truly expressed, a new universe, “my dear, oh my dear, my John.”
“Bed, John. The place to rest your head and go to sleep, preferably long and uninterrupted. Yours is quite comfy, I suspect.”
in his armchair next to the fire, Sherlock’s face was open and almost relaxed. John sensed that was unusual for him, and it warmed his heart.
I couldn't waste any time. I untied her bonds, put my black coat on her, and hugged her.
"Keep hoping, but let me conduct my investigation as I see fit, sir. I'll let you know if there is news."
I was not as young as I used to be when I had joined the army in the 1870s, but even as an experienced army doctor. I could not have envisioned the horrors. It was a new era of war, the
Happy #10YearsOfSherlock
John cherished them, welcomed them, and threw his head back in bliss. He who had felt lost felt he was found again. There was a power that claimed him and forged a new band, ravished his body and made him complete again. Forehead, cheek, clavicle; all the way down his spine; each fingertip, and John wanted to weep. When Sherlock lingered there, he sucked them in, let his lover give a better
It was all a matter of being in the right place at the right time.
HOLMES: Well! I should think so. (
"How can the Winsterneys know the content of the colonel's will?"
Another telegram summoned Lestrade: he and his men should be ready by 11 p.m. The officers and their families wouldn't be joyous: today was December 23rd. Alas, crime didn't care for Christmas.
the wind ripped the cries from his lips. Below him was a sheer drop. He was afraid to look down. He was even more afraid to look back.
"Until tonight, my dear Watson. Then Captain Basil will make an appearance to investigate the taverns in the harbour district."
Properly. Thoroughly. With tongue.
s background and his character; typical of Holmes to keep me in the dark. Yet I had to admit that Marley had kept his temper mostly in check while being here. Maybe, I mused, he cared for his daughter. It wasn‘t sure that unheard of: a ruthless businessman, but a devoted father?
and you spied on me?”
“You wonder.” Another kiss on the right lid. “You genius,” a kiss on the left one, “my one”, and a kiss on the nose. “And only”, as he finally reached Sherlock’s mouth.
Then the accident happened.
Rosie, their daughter, was asleep in the house. Or so their fathers hoped, as it was well past her bedtime. His brother and his partner were babysitting. It had taken a while after the events John had published in a censored version on the blog as
Ask John Watson. He brought down the wall between 221c and 221b.
The Watson-Holmes family had spent an afternoon reading the notes. It was a censored version, a demand by John Watson. Sherlock had agreed reluctantly but had demanded that when Rosie would be older, she should read the complete tale.
“For Holmes to solve the case, he needs to understand the town, the people. You understand that?”
The sea breeze swept through the town until it reached his grandfather’s estate. His family, estranged and alien to him, slept on.
I crossed the room in two steps, reached up, and kissed him.
"Fled the scene. But we will catch them one day."
The confused governess took us to the kitchen. There, at the request of my companion, she left us alone.
“Thank God! You are alive.
HOLMES.) I have no suggestion to make. I have a fact to state. If you do not drop it, at once your life is not worth that. (
And it was in the park, near the big elm trees, that we discovered the colonel.
Snowy roads greeted us outside. Soon, we were snowed up to the ankles. Holmes was unusually silent. All he offered were indistinct grunts.
“The doctor expects you to last two weeks.”
"Maybe they're vampires?"
He leans forward, but the blacksmith steps back. "On your knees," Holmes demands.
“How did you know Harry is my sister?” John asked. “Harry could be my brother. How did you know Harry is short for Harriet?”
My partner left the living room, claiming that he needed to change before dinner. To my surprise, he asked me to accompany him to treat him. He feared that he'
I understood nothing Holmes was telling me. What was happening? What role? In the past, whenever Holmes had kept me in the dark, it had hurt us or our clients. My Holmes knew all-too-well that I had severe trust issues. Yet, my partner abandoned me once more.
-episodes, so he couldn’t help but smile.
The image of young Sherlock with a starter chemistry set warmed my heart.
It backfired.
“Oh, so you’re a jinn, but neither do you grant wishes nor have sexual powers? What jinn are you?”
“We shall. Lead the way.”
“He is dead. His head hit a tree.
Then, John’s voice; it’s hesitant and more a whisper, “So, James Bond.”
“Doctor Watson, we were wondering where you had been?”
room felt more like a home to me than the place I share with Mary.
Holmes huffed but listened to my medical opinion. He straightened up and walked over to me, noticeably more determined than ever.
This time, we were Basil and John. Sherlock had to leave his Belstaff and scarf behind. Instead, he had dressed down considerably. Regardless, he cut a dashing figure! How Basil as a first name was less peculiar than Sherlock - I still didn’t know, but I’ve stopped questioning my partner’s elaborate personas long ago. Soon two seafarers (one more the pirate with eyeliner-variety) headed out for the Bar of Gold.
Finally, the will caught them off guard. They had to change their plan and removed all the troublesome witnesses. In the end, it led to their downfall.
"I'm not very familiar with all these kinds of things, but why not?" My partner knew little about children except for his Baker Street Irregulars. Family matters and the fairer sex were his blind spot. "Let’s assume, Watson, that this is indeed a diary. The fire, unfortunately, did its job too well, as there was only a nice heap of ash left, fragments of the thick blanket, but nothing usable. Now the question that arises is: who burned the diary on the evening of Adèle’s kidnapping?"
“One moment, I’m not ready yet.”
“Simple words then, John. You are an adult who has never had a sleepover. Our daughters have had more of the kind than us. Recent events have shown that life can be cut short. Therefore, it would be sad to leave London without such basic human experience. Because we are grown-up men, sharing a bed would be highly improper. So you are going to take your bed while I am going to sleep on the sofa. It’s going to be like the old days: Remember, John? When we were just at the beginning of our career and had no money for two rooms, we shared a bed in country inns. So: Are you going to help me?”
And with that, he kissed me.
Stanley was waiting for me to go out into the park. I followed him.
HOLMES: Ah, yes (
“Of course, not, my dear boy. I forged it, Watson; I have seen the draft, so I knew the father’s handwriting. The rest was child’s play.”
"Be quick! I’ll send Robert to fetch Dr Lewis. But I don't want to take any risk. Watson will take care of Jane, as he’s right: Dr Lewis won't be here for an hour."
We held each other close; we were finally completely at each other’s home.
In front of Holmes' surprise, little acquainted with the feminine sensibility, I told him about the meeting with Mrs Nordon. He shook his head, saddened.
Although he had always tried to involve him in the holidays over the years, he had never succeeded. The man, during that festive period, used to hide in his room playing the violin; but, more frequently, he spent hours and hours sitting in the chair smoking a pipe, in a state of total apathy. He had never seen anyone so refractory to the carols, who arrived muffled by the road, or the joyful air charged with the odours of goose and ginger biscuits, prepared the hostess for the occasion.
"Elementary, Lestrade! You don’t die easily from crucifying. It takes approximately three days depending on the physical fitness and stamina of the victim. And the cross with a male body undiscovered for that long in a city like London? Highly improbable. Therefore, another method of killing, with poisoning just being the most efficient. Get the body to St. Barts. We will check in with Miss Hooper. Coming, John?"
keep in mind... that maybe my fix-it might be not the perfect climax... but at least, it’s not like the original.
Before he can stop himself, he hugs her.
“Yes, master!”
"Have you looked for the sailor, Mr Marley?"
“You’re not hurt, John? For God’s sake, say that you’re not hurt!”
When John left the office, he contemplated the long, cold walk back to his flat. Instead, he stepped to the edge of the pavement and waved at every cab that approached, whether the light on top was on or off, and every cab drove past him.
“Elementary, Watson. This weather means that our dear Londoners are thinking twice if they really want to leave the house or engage in pointless conversation. It is wonderfully calm and quiet outside. Oh, I hope that the temperature drops even further. Could spring not be delayed till summer...?”
With John’s eyes tracing his body, it is as if his muscles will go the extra mile to show off his strength and to offer John something to admire besides his ironwork. As if his body, muscled and marked, is something worthy too, that it is worthy of admiration but more than the lusty stares of the newcomers who haven’t heard him talk or haven’t encountered the town’s gossip. It is as if he, Sherlock Holmes, is an object and a subject, an object of admiration and a subject of adoration, and isn’t that a heady thought.
As it was only 8 o’clock, I ate breakfast languidly and informed Mrs Partridge of my plans. Holmes needed to be near to have dropped the envelope as well to know about my exact whereabouts. Sadly, I had not seen him, or any idea why he was playing this charade.
Would
If you walk down the pier of Brighton or the countryside outside Eastbourne, you expect Anderson-like people on every street corner. It might be an insult to the people there - and Sherlock had phrased it even harsher - but it remained true: Sussex was terribly
It was Christmas Eve. If I could not speak about it, at least I could show it with action. That was a language more fitting to us. Seconds later, as if he could read my mind, Holmes turned to me and smiled at me once more. Then he turned back suggestively, and I knew what he wanted. It was so pleasant to feel the warmth of his body again, even if there was the fabric in between. It had been two or three days since we had last met, to warm ourselves up in bed, while the snow had fallen outside, and yet it seemed a lifetime ago.
Her father, still stubborn, refuses to use a cane, and so she can estimate his weight loss first hand. He is fragile now, looking older than he is. Today, however, he at least recalls the patron of his hometown church.
While the hours are ticking by, I lie awake in Watson’s narrow bed.
I hastened after him.
"And I could see a young blonde woman with blue eyes in the role."
