"Well...it's just, I guess I don't understand why you're here, then. You usually don't do anything unless you have to. Isn't this irrational to you?"
John stood at the open door, watching after him for a moment longer before he stepped inside, pushing the door shut behind him. The front hall was a dark wood, and in a nearby room John could hear the echoing tick of a large clock. He was about to set off down the hall when he heard a second sound, a lighter click, and a little old woman materialized around the corner.
It was decided that food was in order. They had thought of restaurants, but it was early in the day, and nothing sounded good. To be honest, Sherlock wasn't all that hungry. But John had gotten on to him about not eating, "Which is clearly an issue given by the state of your kitchen," he had joked.
. He pushed through the people, shouting at some of them to get out of the way. Some let him pass, others trying to hold him back as he broke into the circle, his lungs feeling squeezed to death inside him. All that mattered was Sherlock dead on the ground, surrounded by a pool of blood, and even as he reached for his wrist, he knew he wouldn't find a pulse.
Sherlock was watching John's face for every minuscule change in expression, praying he'd be able to read it quickly enough to know what to say. But John's face was blank. Sherlock had never seen him so confused. He wanted it to be real, but some part of him was still saying it was a dream, that there was no way Christmas wishes were actually granted outside of movies.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat up straight, the slanted back of the planetarium chair disappearing from behind him. “Mycroft isn't know for his accurate assessments of human emotion, or even the most trite of plot arcs for that matter.”
Sherlock said nothing. His brain felt too foggy to form anything eloquent. He imagined it was how normal people felt every day.
John let his hand drop, expecting Sherlock to walk on into the kitchen, but he remained rooted in his place, watching John with the same curiosity with which he had examined every facet of this new world. John was about to speak, to bring him back from wherever his mind had wandered off to, but Sherlock brought his lips to John's and stole the words from them. And John might have pulled away had his first instinct not been to kiss him back.
“Well not you specifically, of course, but your profession, yes. Although I suppose with careful planning you could make for a decent serial killer.”
He looked at Sherlock, his eyes wild. “They have to have their victor, yeah? They can pick. I'm not killing you. And you're not killing me. If they want a victor so badly, let them be the ones to do the killing.” He turned back to the sky, waiting.
His name sounded so soft in Sherlock's voice. It was a simple name, common and unobtrusive, but Sherlock made it sound miraculous. But didn't he always have that effect? Didn't he always somehow manage to transform the ordinary into the extraordinary? All it took was Sherlock Holmes to make the black and white become technicolor.
Anthea. These Capitol types always had such ridiculous names. Sherlock could see the Mycroft influence. They were probably old friends. The woman ran her eyes over him. “I've been talking with John's stylist, and we have a nice angle to work for you two for the Tribute's Parade. But outside of that, you will be delightfully easy to dress. I know
Then, despite the gnawing fear inside him, he touched the statue again. The sections that were colored were slightly warmer than the surrounding marble. And they seemed almost more pliable.
"Not your fault, Sherlock. I could get a clinic job if I wanted to. But that's not the kind of life I would want to live."
It occupied him for hours. And he was actually quite good. He stood in front of the window in his robe, playing, his eyes occasionally falling shut during slower pieces. John knew almost nothing about classical music, but it sounded nice all the same.
!” Sherlock tried to grab hold of John, to calm him down, but John jerked out of his grasp. “Come on!” John took the gun and threw it into the water beside him. “Choose your goddamned victor!”
“I always wondered what sort of place this was, from how little you talked about it. I didn't realize your decorative tastes were so odd.”
“Yeah, clearly.” She squinted in the glare of her porch light and waved him inside. He had been inside her place many times, but he felt like a stranger in it still. Everywhere he looked he saw Mary, but he didn't see any reflection of himself. She stood near the now closed front door, watching him try to decide whether to sit down or not. He opted for standing. Easier to dodge thrown objects.
He had repeated Irene's words in his head over and over. Play the game, play the game. Be a proper piece in it, and maybe you stand a chance. John wasn't optimistic.
“Of course not. He deduced it. Always was a bit better at deductions than me.” He said this with far more irritation and bitterness than he had given his previous remarks. “He was feeling vindictive one day. We were still young, and I had been grating on his nerves all week. Although announcing it at dinner was rather juvenile of him. Blessedly, our parents were unfazed, unlike yours. I can't help but take some pleasure in the fact that Mycroft didn't get the reaction he was expecting. I think he was at least hoping to embarrass me for a few minutes. Instead it was actually a relatively nice dinner. Surprisingly little bickering.”
Then the man who had been accused so many times of being heartless and cold, felt a second heartbeat spring to life beneath his palm. And with a rumbling vibration, a second voice said:
“But you'll send in yourself? John, I'm not the only one here who depends on you. What will we do if we lose you?”
Originally, Sherlock had considered moving on that night. But the single flash of John's face made him pause, and finally he settled back in his own hiding place, deciding to wait out the night, even if only on the off chance that John would need his help.
“Go ahead upstairs, Sherlock. I'll be there in a second.” Sherlock looked between John and Mrs. Hudson for a moment before going up to the flat.
"Tell them whatever you want. I don't care what they think." I had no intention of calling him out to his friends. I had already grown well-practiced at staying silent about all the things I knew about people that were supposedly secret.
“Why did you help me? You could have left me and let someone come along and kill me. It would make you one step closer to going home.”
Finally the door opened and in walked a tall woman with dark wavy hair and very high heels that clicked on the floor. She had some electronic gadget in her hand, and seemed very attached to it. She was dressed similarly to how Mycroft usually looked, a bit toned down for the Capitol, but with very over-the-top jewelry. She looked up from her little gadget and shook her hair out of her face.
Regrettably, it was also a rather popular bookstore, and would occasionally attract authors for meet and greets, readings and signings. Mike had known Sherlock for years, and at one point he even tried to convince Sherlock to do a reading during a poetry festival he was putting on, but he very quickly learned Sherlock's opinions on such things and politely never asked again.
"No," he said, stopping me, "No, I'm not asking – no." He shook his head slightly and looked straight at me. "I'm just saying, it's
John let Molly sleep the rest of the night, positive that she'd gotten little to none while watching over him. The least he could do in return was watch over her for a while.
The day of Molly and Lestrade's wedding, Mrs. Hudson set out the usual morning tea in the living room. Sherlock was waiting for the last possible moment to get dressed in the uncomfortable wedding clothes, pacing around the room, periodically stopping to fidget with things on the table or mantel. In the distance, he could hear the sound of the shower running.
“Perhaps. I saw ones to your agent Ella Christian, a James Sholto, Mike Stamford. I can't help but notice that the only person missing a last name in the dedications is Harry.”
Reaching the exit sign was hazy, and he had to carefully set the painting down out of harm's way while he pushed debris aside so he could open the door. He tucked the Vermeer under his arm and forced the door open, the night air instantly clearer, even though he could still smell the smoke on the breeze. But it was better than the dark and threatening blackness of the gallery.
Except there was a deviation from the script. As the silence stretched on – John never spoke in these dreams – the museum remained untouched by fire and violence, and Sherlock continued to stare at the Monet, the rise and fall of his chest surely a deception.
John was hesitant. Sherlock wanting answers was usually setting them up for an argument. John remembered when he tried to explain Cleudo. It hadn't gone well.
“Yeah. For real.” John smiled, an involuntary action that had grown more and more common in association with his continuing realization about his miracle.
When John pulled away, he did so only as much as was necessary to speak. All he could say was, “I would
The problem with being able to stop the world, Sherlock thought, is that it would be much more useful if one could always predict another's actions. And he never predicted a madman dangling John in front of him, threatening to blow him to pieces. John had survived enough of that in Afghanistan. It wasn't supposed to happen in London.
The night of medicine had helped his shoulder a great deal, although it was still stiff. John couldn't complain about aches and pains when it could have been so much worse. The container was empty now, all of it having been used on the mine wound.
, how he wanted to drink him in. And he thought in terms of having discovered heaven, imagining a field of golden stars above them even though Baker Street had no constellations on its ceiling.
John brought his face close to Sherlock's, almost cheek to cheek, and said in a voice so quiet that even the Capitol would have difficulty picking it up:
John looked across the Square and saw the man walk toward the stage, refusing to let the Peacekeepers come get him. He didn't look scared or even worried, as most did, as John was sure he looked now. He seemed resigned, indifferent. Sherlock walked up toward the escort and stared him down. The man from the Capitol reached out to shake his hand as he had with John, and said in a hollow voice, “Congratulations, brother dear.” Sherlock only looked down at his hand and scoffed before walking away to stand by John. He glanced out of the corner of his eye at Sherlock and tried to pretend he hadn't just witnessed the most dysfunctional family reunion in the history of the world.
John's breath escaped him like a person who had nearly drowned, the reality dawning on him that he had very nearly been killed. But it seemed to hit Sherlock harder, as he fell to his knees in front of him, ripping at the vest holding the explosives, hands shaking.
be miserable. You're already miserable. And no one here thinks half as much of you as John does. You think you'll find support from anyone else? Do you think your ego will keep the arena from haunting you? Speaking from experience I can assure you that it won't.”
He was only about ten minutes from his shelter when he heard the gasping. He followed the sound, gun at the ready, just in case.
They both waited, agonizing over every second that the all clear didn't come over the intercom. John ran the numbers in his head, how likely someone was to survive in a code blue level of crisis without dying or suffering permanent damage.
The more Sherlock laid his hand on the scar, the more the color deepened. He had scrubbed his hands raw, but still, every time, his touch would darken the stone. Wondering if it was only that place, he grabbed the statue by the arm, and left behind another shift in color in the shape of his hand.
“This isn't a choice.” Mycroft set a folder on the end table, barely finding enough space to balance it amongst the pieces of charcoal. He left without another word, shutting the door with a decisive snap.
“Don't worry about it.” He waved it off, sitting on the sofa. “Tell me about the gallery getting threatened.”
"Time passes differently when you're in a panic and are powerless to do anything. It passes quickly and slowly at the same time. Look at the clock, and an hour has passed. Spend an eternity pacing and wringing your hands, and it's been ten seconds."
There had been lots of gifts exchanged that evening. Molly had been understandably hesitant, given how her last attempt at gifts had gone, but she had toughed it out, kept things simple, and Sherlock had not made a fool of himself again. Still, Molly was notably quieter, and not decked out as she had been last year. Instead she sat curled up on the sofa with Lestrade, glass of wine in hand, dressed in jeans and a cozy looking jumper. Lestrade was in a better mood this year, too. He was convinced things were going well with his on-again, off-again wife, and it had him quite pleased. (Sherlock had informed John in the kitchen that things were not, in fact, any better, and that she was still cheating on him, and John told him to keep his mouth shut about it this time. Sherlock grudgingly agreed.)
Sherlock grabbed him by his shoulders, holding him still. But he said nothing. John was waiting for the retort, some sarcastic remark, but Sherlock remained silent, holding eye contact. In the ensuing silence, it was harder to keep up the anger, and John felt something in him fade. His breathing was still far too fast, but it was beginning to slow some. Sherlock's face stayed mostly blank, but John could see the smallest crinkle of worry around his eyes, which smoothed the more John calmed down. He was nearly himself again, Sherlock's grip on his shoulders loosening, when they heard the beeping.
“Let's pretend for a minute that I did believe you, and I'm not saying I do, but if you jumped off a building to get here, how do you get back?”
“I'm just tired, Mary. I can't deal with work right now, I'm exhausted. I'm fine. I have plenty of money, it's not like I was working at the clinic to pay the bills, I was doing it to keep my license up.”
"I don't care. I held up my end of this. We wouldn't even have had this problem if you'd kept that lunatic locked up. I'll leave the bureaucracy to you.
“Trust me, all you've really done in the long run is make my life a hell of a lot better than it was before. The only way you've ever harmed me was being dead. And you're not dead. Not anymore.”
John swallowed hard, biting back the hundreds of questions and comments that were rushing through his brain, but whenever he would look at Sherlock, the thoughts slowed down and didn't seem nearly as important as he believed they were. Things would be all right. The book was closed, as always, thanks to Sherlock Holmes.
in Rome. He felt like they spent more time being tourists than working in those first few days leading up to the Bernini exhibition. They'd walked around, either entirely silent or talking incessantly about all manner of things, crossing through street after sun-baked street, often accompanied by the Irish Setter. John understood why so many people were still visiting this city after all these centuries. It was alive in a way that few places were.
Finally, on the fourth day, the man appeared again. Sherlock "accidentally" went down the same aisle as him, and found him staring at the bread in the same way he'd stared at the dairy. There was no one else on the aisle, and it afforded Sherlock a glimpse of who he was when no one was watching. He looked tired, and there was a slight tremor in his hand.
“The rose. I've never seen one this color before.” It was the only plant John had seen that seemed to be truly taken care of, protected, not used for experiments.
. The one that got all the attention when it came out. I could never choose a favorite, myself. I love them all.” He handed the book to John, who took it carefully, as if it were a live animal, and a venomous one at that. The poem in question was called “The Final Problem.” It was very modern in its style, compared to all the classics Sherlock had had John reading. The difference a few centuries made were jarring. Auden and Whitman were roses; this was a knife.
He could feel sickness rise in his throat. Mycroft said his name, which he ignored, incapable of speech.
. John had spent so long running through things in his head, emotional crises and confrontations, fighting tooth and nail every step of the way to make things work, and it had turned out to be completely unnecessary. All it had really taken was that first step. After that, things fell into place so easily that John wondered why he ever worried about it in the first place.
“Oh.” He drew the single syllable out so much that it was clear he was trying to make it sound meaningful. Sherlock didn't see why.
It only took him a few weeks to find a job outside the city, in a small town tucked neatly into the countryside called Bell Song. It would be quiet, mundane, and peaceful. It was for the best.
He pushed the door aside. It didn't stay on its hinges anymore. Instead it just had to be propped in the door frame. He left it open, letting in faint slants of late afternoon light.
“It's fine. Sometimes we have to look out for each other. Even in the arena. We're still human, after all.”
There were explosions all around him. He'd long since lost track of how many. It all blended into one long cacophony, a rain of smoke and fire. The smell of the world burning around him choked him, the clouds of smoke making it steadily harder to see.
It was no surprise when he hit her in the face, and when their mother had tried to stand to come between them, it was John who held her back, knowing that he would just as happily hit her too.
“There was a dog we had here. Redbeard. Our parents had originally gotten him for themselves, but the dog took to me and Mycroft more. So they left him at home when they traveled, instead of taking him with them.” Another pause, and the slightest wince. “I was sitting in one of the back hallways one day. Mycroft was out, and the remaining staff was busy with their respective jobs. I still hate how lonely children feel. The dog found me. I hugged him without thinking.” Sherlock rested his head on his open palm, reaching out his free hand. He trailed a finger along one of the lily's petals, and at his touch, it turned brown and fell to the table. “The cook found me a few hours later, crying, trying to make the dog wake up.” He frowned at the dead petal, insulted by it. “I wouldn't let her come near me. I ran. Mycroft finally tracked me down in the woods later that night.” For the first time, Sherlock looked at him. “You see the problem.”
He shook his head, shutting his eyes for a second as he blocked the images that rose to the surface of his brain. “No, not them. I – I found someone. They'd been attacked, but not enough to kill them. They got left with a slow bleed. I didn't want to watch them suffer any more than they already had.”
John had also tried in the past to get Sholto to get professional help, a therapist or something, but even as he had said it, he heard the unspoken,
Over the next few days, the second person stopped the world a lot. John didn't have to. Whoever it was seemed to need the stillness as much as he did. Maybe they were mourning someone too.
During one portion of the flight, Sherlock rattled off deductions about the other passengers and the stewardesses, walking John through his readings.
“Then don't dwell on it. Let it sit for a while. It doesn't look like Mary's going anywhere either way.”
John laughed a little under his breath. Always so blunt. “I suppose not. Now that I think of it, I think the happiest memory from my teenage years was the second I quit being a teenager.”
John knew Sherlock was watching him before he even looked up from his glass. Of all the stories he could have told, he didn't know why he'd chosen that one, but he was beginning to regret doing so, seeing the expression of detached concentration on Sherlock's face. His cigarette had gone out entirely, untouched for too long. Seemingly reluctant to look away, Sherlock pulled out his lighter to relight it while he considered what John had said. The snap of it, the single bright little flame flashing across his face in wavering shadows for just a moment before it was extinguished, replaced by the glow of the tip of the cigarette as he inhaled.
Sherlock gave the smallest, slowest shake of his head. “No. It's her own fault. No matter the reason. Besides, it wouldn't be the first time I got shot, and it won't be the last.”
Sherlock beckoned him closer with a wave of his hand, and John came to rest beside him in that close bit of personal space that had always felt forbidden in the early days he'd know him. Sherlock pointed at a cluster of stars. “Do you remember a conversation we had about artists never really being able to capture the stars correctly?” When John nodded, he continued, “In this case it's a bit more literal. The forger painted a supernova that didn't happen until centuries after all the Dutch masters were dead. It's like I told you. Artists never really capture the stars.” John stared at him dumbstruck until he met his eyes. For so long he had felt the constant shadow of the painting, and now he couldn't believe it ever haunted him at all. The information was so impossible to process that he didn't know whether to laugh or cry or scream. “You don't have to carry this weight around anymore,” Sherlock said.
The thoughts hit him so quickly he had to sit down, lowering himself to the floor since the painting was on his bed. Sherlock had no concept of personal space or privacy. Hell, he'd already managed to hack into John's laptop with ease. John doubted that Sherlock would care about the painting itself – the way he was, he might not even know what the painting looked like – and it was unlikely that he would respect the law enough to bother turning John in for having it. But still, Sherlock knowing about the Vermeer in their flat was a risk. Even if Sherlock wouldn't intentionally give him away, even if he couldn't care less, him knowing was still a risk. A risk that John couldn't take.
All the times he'd coped with Afghanistan, he was coping only with loss. Sure, he was friends with many people who died, but none of them were Sherlock Holmes. As much as he convinced himself he was coping well enough with that loss, he still reached a point where pretending to function at work everyday became far too exhausting. How the hell could he be concerned with yearly physicals and prescriptions for antibiotics and flu vaccines when there was constantly a crushing weight on his shoulders of everything he'd been through?
. John was unable to touch any of these little things, unable to dismantle the room since no one was sleeping in it anymore. He just sat down on Sherlock's bed and tried to quiet his own mind. No matter how long he sat there, he couldn't decide if the room made him feel more at peace, or made him feel like jumping out of the goddamn window.
He shrugged. “It's interesting to see how the world will play out when left mostly to its own devices. Also, some of them I just have no idea what to do with.”
Sherlock's eyes turned toward the sky, as if trying to recall the lyrics. The he stared off straight in front of them, half-singing, half-mumbling some of the words.
John thought Sherlock would let the silence stretch on again, an impartial observer to John's worries. But he said in a very matter of fact voice, “I did not leave behind anyone who relied on me. I won't be missed.” He didn't speak as if this bothered him at all, as if he were simply stating a fact.
John looked out the window, distracted. He was mentally counting down the minutes left before he could leave. Of course, that would mean standing, which would just draw Ella's attention back to his leg.
John thought about that night as he waited for Sherlock to return home, and how much it clashed with the woman he had seen today. Was he remembering her as kinder than she really had been? Had her words always been twisted with a cruel tone of voice and he'd just blocked it out? If not, then who was the woman he'd spoken to that night, and who was the one he always seemed to speak to in Baker Street? Mary in Baker Street never held off on a good jab. He couldn't decide which version of her was the true one, and he hated that he'd spent so much time with her and still wasn't able to tell.
When John could no longer keep his eyes open and finally succumbed to sleep, he wondered if he had been correct in saying they wouldn't remember anything in the morning.
, with me of all people! As if he knows the first thing about it.” Sherlock gave a flip of his hand before shoving both hands into his pockets. He glanced down at John and smiled.
Sherlock ran to him, deeper into the fog, and grabbed him by the shoulder. John swung at him, and Sherlock had to hold his arms to keep him from attacking again. His eyes were not the eyes Sherlock knew. They were panicked. They were mad. Sherlock tried to talk to him, to get his attention, but no words seemed to get through. He let go of John's arms, told him they had to run before the other tributes killed them, but John stood paralyzed, staring at the ranting men across the hollow as the woman screamed again. Sherlock yelled at him to run, and something finally snapped inside John. He stared at Sherlock for one long second, and then bolted. Sherlock watched him go, and was about to start after him when he began to feel odd, lightheaded. And as he looked toward the three tributes, he understood.
Sherlock shrugged. "I didn't have cause to. Growing up, our family was very formal, and Christmas was not particularly enjoyable. When I was older, I spent most Christmases alone. It's not as if I had a warm reunion with Mycroft every year. Holidays are supposed to be about spending time with loved ones, yes?"
As he slipped outside, he caught a glimpse of Harry, her hair dirty and pulled back out of her face, eyes bloodshot, tearing through a chest that she knew had no bottles in it. But she checked anyway.
“No. Not yet.” He caved, pushing himself up so he could pull his chair closer. And he allowed himself one luxury, one kiss, before he sat down again. It was so much easier to breathe. The early morning light couldn't be anything but relief, but renaissance, the gray light softer than all the muted shades of a Monet sunrise. “I love you, you know. And I'm so glad I don't have to lose you again.”
He turned away from her and watched the star above him, recently exploded, slowly collapse on itself, coming back together again, becoming whole. What was the point if Cairns was just going to make it burst again? “I hate many things. Why ask about romance novels?”
Were the other people present even remotely aware of what they were watching? Did they know they were seeing a silent conversation that went beyond this shop, this book, their questions?
Sherlock saw John's head turn in his periphery and believed that he was finally avoiding eye contact as well, but instead he was just looking around the two of them, scanning for any people potentially passing by the aisle. But there were none.
“I'm sure,” John said, although in his heart there was only one person he really wanted to talk to. “Which one is your favorite?” he asked, nodding toward the shelves.
Now and then, John would glance over at him, and would see him staring into space, his eyes glazed over. Sometimes his fingers would tap out patterns on his leg, and he would squint a little like he was trying to read in the dark.
While the reception hall was being converted from dining room to dance floor, Sherlock paced around one of the other rooms in the building. He had done all he could with Janine in regard to her dancing abilities. She wasn't as quick a study as John had been.
“He's smart, fiendish, and yes, probably despicable. The more information uncovered about Jim Moriarty, the more horrible he becomes. Although one must give him credit for committing such a variety of crimes and never actually getting caught.” Sherlock handed him a piece of paper, a list of possible cold cases that were the result of this man's work, going back more than twenty years. The first entry on the list was the murder of Carl Powers.
John looked up from his food to see Sherlock's attempt at a convincing expression. “Yeah, because you'd know.”
happen to me, Sherlock!” He lowered his voice, his last sharp words turning a couple of heads in the gallery. “I had to mourn you! I thought you were dead, and let me tell you, that was
Stopping the world just made things worse after a while. The days were empty enough without effectively removing all human life from them.
“Very little. He avoids discussing his work at all. He just comes out here a few times a year, always stays in the same room. Keeps to himself.”
"Why have you never done anything for Christmas in the past, Sherlock?" They were sitting in their chairs in Baker Street, each with their hands wrapped around a mug of tea, thawing out in front of the fire.
Sherlock stared at the gun in his hand, thinking. Finally he handed it to John, who took it and ran his hands over it for a second before he realized what Sherlock was suggesting. His head shot up.
If he was being honest with himself, it wasn't going well. But he had actively avoided being honest with himself for weeks.
Once they were in Baker Street, away from the watchful eyes of the rest of the world, John turned around in their living room, watching Sherlock as he walked through the doorway, pulling his gloves off.
"If we lived in that universe, you would be Q," John said, chuckling to himself as they walked down the hall of the theater.
John snapped his eyes back to Mike. He had gotten distracted at was staring absently at the display Mike had set up of all his books. For a moment, he found himself dissociating entirely, and the books were written by a man he didn't know.
SH: A poem's job isn't to tell a story. It's to elicit an emotional reaction. If you want to tell stories, be a novelist. If you want people to think your work
When John woke up in the middle of the night, the other side of the bed was cold beside him. But through the closed door, he could hear the faint notes of “On the Street Where You Live.”
John crossed the room, shutting the open bedroom door, knowing that the last thing he needed was her wandering leading her in there, which would be instant incrimination. Besides, as far as she knew that was just his bedroom, since she was unaware that he spent most of his years upstairs. She didn't seen to notice this move of his, still taking in the living room as she was.
There was an Asian woman on top of Molly, one hand clamped over her mouth so she couldn't scream, the other stabbing her over and over on her already blood soaked chest and stomach. When the woman realized John was there, she looked up at him, her large eyes going blank as John put the bullet through her head. She fell to the side, off of Molly, onto the cold ground.
There were reporters outside their living room door, banging on it, asking questions through it. Crowds of them swarmed like flies outside their building despite management's best efforts. Time seemed to speed up in a way that John was unfamiliar with, a horrible creeping sense of dread that everything was hurtling toward something that they had no chance in hell of stopping.
“Oh,” she said sheepishly. She moved a few feet closer so he could see her, looking around at the forest rather than him. “It's just a song from home. One of those traditional things that you grow up hearing so much that you know it without ever having to learn it.”
A chorus of No ran through John's brain. He was suddenly back in Afghanistan, seeing his “angel” for the first time. And he remembered his prayer of “Let me live.” Except now it was, “Please, God, let
John gave him a weak smile. “He's probably right, though.” Sherlock gave the tiniest nod and flick of his hand.
John stood on the street below Bart's looking up at Sherlock standing on the ledge. His voice sounded choked over the phone. John was in denial. There was no way in hell this was happening. They would fix this. This was a bad dream, like the dreams about the war. He would wake up any minute and hear Sherlock playing his violin and everything would be okay. Not this. Anything but this.
His brain instantly became all calculations. How far to reach my gun, how far to my phone to call the police. But nothing could force him to move. Paralyzed.
“I've just loved these little Games, haven't you, Sherlock? Alas all great things must come to an end, and I have a train home to catch.” He laughed, giddy. “I'll be a hero back home. They'll talk about me for
“We're keeping you here for the night. My father's already examined you, and we've treated your wounds. I'm just going to be over here for the night to keep an eyes on things.” Sherlock nodded. “Can you sit up?” The boy came to stand by Sherlock's table, his hands braced should Sherlock black out again. But he was able to sit without a problem. “Can you talk?”
John sat very still, unable to muster a response. Sherlock sat next to him, equally silent, thinking intently.
A second man emerged from the office behind him, dressed in a chef's clothes. He rolled his eyes endearingly at the man at the desk, saying, “But you,
John fell silent, his eyes dropping to the table. “You don't believe we'll be the last two alive anyway, so what does it matter? According to you, it will never actually come to that.”
John grabbed a hold of his lapels and jerked him forward, and Sherlock winced in anticipation of a blow, given the fiery look in John's eyes. But it was a kiss, not a blow, and Sherlock could feel the smile spread across his face.
Of course, he'd been home since his initial departure, for the occasional holiday. But somehow this felt like the first true homecoming, and the nausea in his stomach, the defensiveness already taking root in his head, reminded him of all the reasons he'd fled to London and not looked back. Who even
“Well, John has always been an excellent healer in our district, and he learned from his father, of course. And although he probably does not remember it, he and his father saved my life once, when we were younger.”
When Sherlock actually met John's eyes, he saw it, his own expression, or what he imagined it must have been, mirrored back at him on John's face.
It became a cycle inside his head. First he would wonder if he had been too harsh to Sherlock. Then Sherlock was too harsh. He should go back to his house again and try to reach him a second time. But then he would get angry again, and the whole process would repeat itself.
The night before the Games, John couldn't sleep. He hated his body refusing to let him rest when that was what he needed most. It was safe to fall asleep in this bedroom. It wouldn't be safe to sleep in the arena. But logic can't always overcome instinct, and the fear that coursed through him drowned out any rationality that he had left.
“I was bored.” He gave a dismissive little wave of his hand. “Besides, they never would have solved it on their own.”
Sherlock locked eyes with John, and finally, he smiled, not a performed smile like he had given to the Capitol. A real one. It was the first hint of amusement he'd ever shown. He said nothing, but was still smiling when he looked away.
John could see his breath, a cloud forming in front of his face as his breathing quickened, his muscles tensing in anticipation. He looked at the other tributes, all of them eying each other with distrust and in some cases, murderous rage. He tried to find Sherlock, and finally saw him, his face blank, staring at no one and nothing.
“Oh, lavender roses certainly exist,” Sherlock said. He tapped the pestle on the edge of the mortar, shaking off the bits of flower that had stuck to it. “
"When I came to after the explosion, I didn't think about where Moriarty might be. He didn't even register." John heard the inflection and finished the thought for Sherlock.
Sherlock let his neutrality fall. He didn't have the energy anymore. But he did give John a small, if not bittersweet, smile.
“No. I swear to god. I'm not joking, and I'm not hallucinating, although I wasn't sure myself at first.”
And there it was, half-uncovered by the windy night. He hadn't thought the mines stretched this far, but apparently there were a few outliers. The tributes either hadn't noticed it or didn't think it worth paying attention to. If it went off, it would at the very least injure them. It might even kill one of them, even though John didn't really want that to be the case. It only needed to throw them off enough for him to get down the rock slope and get the hell away.
So a great deal of his spending money was used for museum admissions. The longer he was home, the less he limited himself to just art museums. He spent hours in the British Museum staring at archaeological artifacts, more hours in the British Library examining the scratchy ink-on-paper that made up Beethoven's own music. Over the months he had listened to hundreds of speeches by hundreds of different docents about Manet and Dali and Pissaro, so many that he could almost recite some of them himself. Once, there was a lovely Renaissance art exhibition in London and he was there so often that he could have mouthed the informative little docent chats along with the docents.
Sherlock nearly ran as well – in the opposite direction – anticipating a less than friendly retaliation from John, but he stopped just short of the detective and stared hard at him.
It was true what they said, about time standing still in a crisis, how it stretched on indefinitely, life captured by a slow motion camera lens. He didn't give a second glance to Mary's body on the floor of his living room – who cared if she was dead or alive, so long as she was unconscious – reaching for his phone and dialing for an ambulance. Not for her of course. He dropped the phone beside him on the floor as he knelt down beside Sherlock, his heart racing as he saw the bloom of blood spreading over his chest and stomach, an ever-widening pool of red. When he got an answer, he shouted into the phone, the voice of the person on the other end of the line sounding tinny through the speakerphone feature.
“You would. So what have you been doing? I can't just glance at you and tell, so you'll have to humor me.”
“The human brain is complex, and unfortunately, filled with the potential for rather terrible things.”
He knew that he had almost told Sherlock to sit down if he was going to hang around, instead of just standing there talking. But the only place available for anyone to sit in John's Spartan bedroom was on the bed, and the invitation would have seemed too pointed in Sherlock's eyes, despite its innocuous intentions. There just simply wasn't any other furniture, and John was sure he was getting sick of standing. But Sherlock was good at making something out of nothing.
“Amazingly, no. Although I wish we had. He's a far better man than I am.” Sherlock gave the closest thing he could to a humble smile.
Sherlock picked up the remote, smashing the button and making the screen go dark and silent. He was sick of the news stories, sick of the reporters outside their building asking him questions, sick of the attention he was getting for his supposed heroics back in London.
The afternoon light was fading, slanting through the trees and casting shadows on the ground, but an indentation was still visible in the dirt. Sherlock frowned at it.
Sherlock dragged him over to the table with a recklessness of touch that he would have decried only a day before. The purple rose sat in its pot, looking just as beautiful as it did every day, although it appeared to be missing a few petals.
There was a sharp crack, an echo of a gunshot reverberating throughout the woods. Sherlock jerked his head toward the noise. He heard Molly get to her feet, and then heard the sound of her crashing back through the trees, running away. Sherlock heard one far-off scream, and ran back the way he came, only one thought in his mind.
When Mycroft came again to check on Sherlock's progress, he walked right into a block of marble. It stood, white and tall, a perfect smooth edifice crammed into the flat. Sherlock was gone.
is a relative term.” Sherlock came to a stop beside him, so close again, staring up at the piece. “The memorial to Maria Raggi.” John looked up at him, at his face inclined, a face that Bernini would likely have enjoyed immortalizing if he were alive today. The Bernini didn't matter. John could have seen hundreds of them. But none of them would compare to this, to Sherlock Holmes underneath a backdrop of painted stars, high above his head like a crown. Sculptures had weight to them, they were anchors, but Sherlock looked like he could disappear into thin air if given the opportunity. John had heard stories of people who cried when they saw works of art, heard that some people were overcome with a physical ache in the pit of their stomach when faced with something beautiful that had survived for centuries. And while he was never one for tears, he understood the ache now, and it hurt far more than his wounds from Afghanistan had.
That night, he stayed in Baker Street, alone, hating that she had picked up on the horribly temporary feel of their relationship. He made a promise to try harder, to actually be present when he was with her, and to actually move on, even if only a little. Because he hated that she was right, that he couldn't spend the rest of his life mourning. But there was no way she could possibly begin to understand the entire situation.
Sherlock opened his eyes. He had evidently fallen asleep without meaning to. He was sprawled at the feet of the statue, and his brother was standing nearby, scrutinizing the figure.
Sherlock had gone out walking alone early that morning, needing a reprieve before spending the day on guard as he followed the other tributes. Or maybe he wouldn't follow them. Maybe he would let them leave, and would wait for John to come down, and just align himself with him instead. Even if it was only for a few days, even if they were eventually forced to part ways and become enemies, he would take the numbered days. They were better than nothing.
I stared at the dotted line for a long time before signing it. Mycroft pretended to remain unaffected, but I could see him breathe a sigh of relief, could see some of the tension drain from his shoulders. But his expression was still unforgiving.
owe her some sort of good explanation or apology, but all he could think about was how wrong she felt here, how obviously out of place and off her presence was. She was never meant for Baker Street.
Sherlock finally noticed John watching him and, without taking his eyes off the stars, said, “Beautiful, isn't it?”
Another noise came from the forest, but louder than all the times before. It didn't stop, but became a continuous crashing sound, growing closer and closer. John rose to his feet, leveling the gun in the direction of the noise.
a relationship, that he might be able to successfully pull it off. Being normal in two scenarios was always harder than one. And removing the clinic from his daily life at least gave him a little more energy to pretend that he was happy with Mary.
He went about his morning as if it were any other morning, after taking some medicine for his headache. But he couldn't focus on anything, cases or experiments. Finally he just resorted to playing his violin as softly as possible. John had long since grown used to sleeping through him playing at strange hours.
After the others left a few hours later, John went to the kitchen for another drink, and Sherlock stood and followed him.
It couldn't be clay. Clay was too impermanent, too easily ruined. That was the problem. Sherlock's audience would be made from something grander, something stronger.
“Of course he did. Fine, she's – she's fine.” He searched for more to say about her, and came up empty.
Then he heard his own voice, strangled and unsure. Cannons deafened him, and he sank to the ground, hands over his ears. And then he heard his own words parroted back to him, grating, echoing like the screeches of birds through the forest:
Long after John had fallen asleep, Sherlock remained staring at the two sentences that now seemed to mock him with a fervor with which he had not instilled in them.
He didn't reply, but those four words echoed in his head louder than any narration in here would ever sound. There had to be answers. It was the only thing that kept him going some days, the idea that if he just tried hard enough, everything would become clear eventually. No answer was too chaotic. Too unpredictable. And in his experience, when something out of the ordinary happened, it was almost never anything good. Chaos meant death and war and crime. Since when did a state of no answers or rationality lead to anything positive? No, the universe was full of black holes, always waiting to suck you in and rip you to pieces. Stars were tamed explosions. Even the sun was dying, albeit at a rate that might as well have been nonexistent as far as humanity was concerned.
“Yes. The next time I go back, it will be when I'm dead, for good. I'm sure Mycroft will still drop in from time to time, though, even if only to get on my nerves.” He felt John laugh lightly against him. He pulled back and looked down at him. “Are you all right? You took my apparent death much harder than I had anticipated.”
“I mean I'm tired on a big scale. It's a nightmare getting through the day. And what the hell would I tell Mary? Christ, even if I did tell her she'd probably say something really fucking practical, like, You can't bring him back from the dead.”
"I'm glad you're okay, too, Sherlock." He heard a scoffed laugh nearby, and then it was silence as he fell back to sleep.
“You left your girlfriend to talk to me about how devastated you still were about Sherlock Holmes' death. If he'd just been a friend, I imagine you would have just stayed and found comfort in the woman you supposedly love. Instead you showed up on my doorstep needing a drink and barely able to get any words out and being quite obviously heartbroken about your loss. I can only think of one reason you wouldn't feel comfortable talking to Mary about all this.”
“All the men who died in Afghanistan were just men. We barely knew most of them. I didn't think I could bounce back from all that death, but it was mostly strangers' deaths, really. This wasn't a stranger's death. You're right. I'd thought I'd moved on, but Rome throws a shadow over everything with Mary.”
"You don't have to have that intention. It comes naturally to you." John gave him a pointed look. It was difficult to forget the travesty that was their previous Christmas together. In the shadow of Irene Adler's first "death," and because of the cringe-worthy things that Sherlock had said to Molly, that Christmas had at least set the bar very low for this one. It wouldn't take much to be an improvement.
“Can't get lost here.” He gestured for her to go upstairs after briefly but seriously considering taking her back to Mrs. Hudson's kitchen to keep her away from his flat.
The greenhouse was filled with inexplicable bursts of color. There was even a shrub that had grown through some smashed panes of glass and now dominated a corner of the building. It was covered in vibrant, tropical-looking pink flowers. There were similar shrubs in the other corners, in varying shades of pink, red, and yellow, and even one that had perfect white flowers. Some pieces of the shrubs had been cut and were left on one of the tables in a spread, some of the petals having fallen to the ground, crushed and dirty.
“I'm not going to lie, I can't wait for this conference to be over either. I don't know what to say to half of these people.” The harsh lights in the hotel room didn't suit John like the lights in Baker Street did.
“No. In fact she's sort of cold about it, honestly. I don't think she's ever been through anything truly terrible in her entire life.”
The following evening, when John returned home, he ran into Mrs. Hudson in the downstairs hall, and once again she inquired after Sherlock. When she asked again if she should open up the upstairs bedroom, John just said, “No. No reason to.”
All day things had been uncomfortable with John. Even the ride to the wedding was tense and awkward. Sherlock hated it, but not as much as he would have hated discussing it. John had avoided eye contact, as he always did when something was bothering him, and even Mrs. Hudson had seemed concerned at the deliberate distance they had kept between each other all day. But they both showed up and did what they were supposed to, for the sake of their friends.
“The police?” Sherlock took his seat and pulled the door shut, giving an address to the driver before turning to John, wearing that expression of
“Obviously. But last time I checked, you didn't have a lot of names in your address book, and I can't recall you ever mentioning anyone named Victor.” The two of them began to walk through a different section of the store, full of equally baffling and seemingly useless household objects.
She set the plates down, leaned against the counter. “Seriously? You would seriously let that keep you from traveling? Is that why you won't get rid of that flat either?”
. It was stone snow, cold and unfeeling just as Sherlock had always believed himself to be. He had been compared to marble before. It seemed only fitting his audience should be marble as well, even if John was the kind of man who melted ice, instead of living with it.
John didn't believe he would become a part of Sherlock's life so easily any more than Sherlock did. But it was as if Baker Street had been missing an essential piece, and that place was now filled by medical journals and tea.
“Actually, we tried all the usual things. None of them worked. We still don't quote know what did it, honestly. I don't toss around the word 'miracle' often, but...”
John stopped at a trellis covered in bright flowers of varying colors, pinks and purples. “What about those?”
“No, Ella, sorry, I got kind of caught up talking to...” He clearly was searching for a word to describe
At the first opportunity, Sherlock slammed the door to their rooms shut and threw the deadbolt into place. He forgot about the phone, which buzzed on the side table, likely with more texts from Moriarty.
Sherlock attended the tedious affair thrown by Mycroft's beloved clients. It was an agonizingly long night, and it had been so long since he was around so many people for an extended period of time that he felt caged within minutes of arriving. It didn't help that he felt he caught glimpses of John everywhere.
John rested a hand on her head, gently ruffling her hair as he considered the options. Stay with her while she died. Leave and pretend he'd never seen her. End the suffering.
But he took comfort in the fact that his earlier assumption had essentially been confirmed, that he was safe at the mercy of Sherlock Holmes. And while he'd assumed then that Sherlock would keep his secrets due to logic, the night had made it painfully clear that there was more to it than that.
He heard a yelp, felt Sherlock spin around beside him. The yelp turned into a snarl. John pushed at Sherlock, urging him to run, and then took off after him as he heard the snarl become a growl again.
When Sherlock pulled back, he searched John's face for his reaction, and whatever he saw must have been what he was looking for, because as he ran his fingers along John's jaw he said in a quiet voice:
“Pass me that bag, would you?” Sherlock blindly reached out to grab it as he stared at his phone in his other hand. He swung his arm around to John. John reached for it just as blindly, and brushed Sherlock's fingers with his own when he took it. Cold, always so cold. Sherlock didn't notice, never did when things like that happened, and he crossed the room, throwing open the doors and stepping out onto the balcony, muttering about reception. “Room service, or are you planning on venturing out?”
John looked in the direction the bird had flown and saw it perched on a branch high up in a tree, staring down at them with its head cocked to the side.
“Funny you should be working on that –” Sherlock stopped when he caught the panic on John's face. The two officers didn't notice the brief warning alarms that seemed to be going off between them. John wanted to cut him off, wanted to interrupt or wave his arms, commanding him to shut the hell up, but there was no way to do that without attracting attention. Thankfully, the twist of terror on his face and the slight shaking beginning in his hand was enough for Sherlock's perceptive eyes, and he stopped himself.
John sat across the table from Sherlock at the restaurant. As always seemed to be the case, John was eating, and Sherlock wasn't.
Sherlock's face flooded with relief, and without another word his hands moved to John's face, cradling it with care, and he kissed him.
“I mean it, you know.” John made himself stop look at him, instead of walking away. Sherlock waved a hand over the room. “All this? Baker Street and running around solving crimes? Impossible without the John Watson factor.”
“The threat is against the Borghese Gallery. The Borghese family was a patron of the sculptor Bernini. You know Bernini?”
She shook her head sadly in tired disbelief. “Who would do such a thing? Bomb an art museum. Just terrible. It's a miracle any people survived at all.”
"Hell, he thought to himself, maybe the inevitable pain will make for some good writing. But he knew damn well it wouldn't. He had used up all his pain-driven writing on
“Possibly. But you keep me from falling apart as well. And I can't hire someone capable of doing that.”
“You won't win this argument.” Sherlock sat back in his seat, almost annoyed at such a proclamation.
“Of course. But remember, Watson. I'm the villain in many people's stories. You're the hero. And heroes should never be alone at the end of the day.”
John expected to be frustrated at the planning, the discussions, but after all, this wasn't the first time they'd had to come together to keep Harry from killing herself.
“Unless it's sad romantically I want nothing to do with it.  The world has its own wars and deaths and cruelties.  I'll stick to a more gentle sorrow.  Love poems can always guarantee you that.”
The restaurant was a small Italian place within walking distance of 221B. Sherlock always seemed to be a single step ahead, constantly correcting himself, falling back into step with John without comment while talking about other things. He acted as if he had known John his entire life, like he was picking up where he'd left off in a conversation with an old friend. He had no idea what to say. But Sherlock didn't seem to mind that.
But the painting was safely tucked away in Baker Street. No one could have known about it except John. And these two officers clearly didn't known him.
“Take care of yourself, okay? Don't talk too much about movies and computers. You don't want people to really think you've gone mad.”
“I don't keep a GPS tracker on him, Mary.” He closed his book, balancing it on the arm rest of his chair, leaning his head against his hand in growing irritation. Some days he was better at dealing with Mary's company than others. Some days he actually enjoyed being around her. But this was not the night for it.
Mrs. Hudson had come out and spoken to them. John missed nearly every word she said. He and Sherlock sat up on the stairs, John's head clearing a bit. Some of the earlier drinks had worn off. Had they been this close to each other all night?
Sherlock sighed, wondering how much trouble it would be to replace his phone. He couldn't very well go up to the roof and get it. The police would wonder where it had gone. It seemed a terribly petty thing to worry about, but Sherlock found when he thought of all he still had to do, he felt miserably overwhelmed. All he
“I assure you I'm nothing like him. He's an excellent businessman, excellent executive figure, but has terrible taste in books.”
When he left, late into the night and after food and drinks with the two of them, Sholto walked him out, and John could no longer keep quiet.
She was quiet for so long he almost thought she'd hung up. But finally she said, “Maybe you should see someone, John.”
John had expected panic, fear, some sort of adrenaline rush, but as the platform lifted him into the arena, he felt a sort of horrible calm wash over him. It made him wonder about himself, albeit briefly. What could you say about someone who was calmer when faced with death than when faced with an ordinary life?
For the first time in perhaps his entire life, John Watson found himself believing that maybe, things really would be okay.
Was it too soon to call this love? Surely for John it was. But Sherlock, who had always experienced life turned up as high as possible, who felt either nothing or everything, had no other words in his vocabulary that could express this, this feeling of having known someone your entire life but never having met.
But he told himself he could do it. He could pretend to be a normal, functioning human being like everyone else he knew. Surely many of them had endured horrible tragedies and still managed to carry on. Why couldn't he do the same?
“Yes, but the world isn't only family, is it? I can recall all sorts of isolated little terrible events. Sometimes it's the accumulation of such things that kills your good opinion of the universe.”
The woods around the estate were dense, but well-kept, the paths much more distinct than any of the ones that Sherlock cut through his own grounds.
For a second, he thought he would try again, but after glancing down at John's hand, he quietly resumed his seat against the wall.
"You both have your scars," he said, his voice trying to remain analytical. He had seen glimpses of the scar on John's shoulder in the past, but it was something John always guarded carefully, like he did his sister. There were few things that bothered John enough that he felt the need to stay quiet about them, but the scar was near the top of the list. Sherlock rested his hand over the scar, nearly covering it completely. "But your scars don't change you. You still remain, in essence, who you always have been. And you heal."
I think I lied to myself for quite some time, though. As a result of that lying, I can tell you the second I knew, or rather, admitted to myself, that I loved him.
When John lay down, he thought the pain in his leg was a little worse than earlier, and wondered if he had sprained something in the arena.
John wanted to find the second person and punch them in the face for their timing. It was one thing to pause time when he could do something useful, but he was in a hospital, and pausing time just meant a very long delay for the painkillers that were due from the nurse.
Sherlock watched as John sat in what was now his chair in Baker Street, going through a box of medical books, occasionally getting up to add one to the bookcase. Mrs. Hudson had finally returned, only to find a new tenant ready to move in. She'd made a remark about needing two bedrooms that neither of them had been sure how to reply to. John had turned an amusingly deep shade of pink.
Even Sherlock, with his self-loathing and uncertainty, didn't seem the slightest bit unnerved or concerned. Unlike John, he had never even run through the possible outcomes in his mind, since he believed it all to be so unattainable.
John couldn't even remember what they'd talked about, or why Sherlock had even come upstairs in the first place. Surely it was something about a case? All he knew was that Sherlock seemed reluctant to go back downstairs, and stood for far longer than John would have expected in the doorway, hands in his pockets. Now and then he would cut his eyes to the closet door that had been in John's line of sight, but it never took much to draw his eyes away. All John had to do was speak, and suddenly Sherlock was sufficiently distracted.
“Why were they so reluctant to just kill one of us in the arena?” Sherlock asked. Everyone stared at him. It was the most he'd spoken since they were declared victors.
When he was finished, he sat down in the scattered snow of marble and stared back up at the audience. Part of him felt accomplished, part of him empty. A statue was a poor substitute for what he wanted.
I suppose it comes as no surprise that I always rather detested grand romantic gestures. They struck me as unnecessary and contrived, feeble attempts at desperately holding together relationships, most of which should have been allowed to fall apart.
“He ran the shop. You saw it outside?” John nodded. “I don't know who's going to take over it now. I called his family. Maybe some of them will keep it open. Otherwise I don't know what they'll do. Turn it over to the highest bidder I guess. I know it's just a little restaurant, but I'd gotten rather used to it being there, you know? I can't imagine what else they would put there.” John didn't know what to say. This wasn't his world. But he let the woman continue. “He was a nice man. I was heartbroken to hear what happened to him. On the news. Such a terrible accident.”
Sherlock spent the majority of the rest of the day pacing, trying to work out how this had happened. He'd called Mycroft, who had taken his good sweet time about coming down to Earth to see what was going on.
The cabbie's eyes, which was all John could really see of him in the mirror, were filled with pity. On another day he might have said something about how it's not what you think, but he had the ill-timed realization that in a way, it was exactly what he thought. But that was something to worry about on a different day.
He was not expecting a book of poetry. Granted, he wasn't that sure what he expected at all, but it wasn't poetry. Perhaps the childish characterization of poets as sensitive and thoughtful people was what made it so absurd, given the brusque nature of the man who had forgotten it. Maybe it was meant to be a gift, and that lack of personal investment was
“She says I should move on from everything, as if she would have any idea how hard that is. At least I can guarantee
everything that went through his head that not having his usual audience was agonizing. But some things needed to stay secret. Or at least, that was what he told himself every time he lost his nerve.
I was pacing through the living room, a nervous wreck. John watched me warily from the kitchen door way.
He stopped, struck suddenly by the truth of what he had always considered an obvious conclusion. Of course John had never been in a relationship with Mary.
was the malicious look John had been waiting for all night. “It's a fair assumption, son, given how you never mention seeing anyone, and given that you have a dyke for a sister.”
The idea seemed ridiculous to him as soon as he'd thought it. Sherlock doesn't write music about people. John was allowing himself to be deluded again. He beat down the thoughts. Sherlock Holmes could be called many things, but sentimental was not one of them.
He took a deep breath. “Binary stars are two stars orbiting around a common center of mass. There is always a primary star, and a second one, known as its companion star. Because of course every primary star must have a companion star. The orbit would be all wrong without it.”
“But it didn't. Moriarty knew that. I know that. And you know that.” John's phone buzzed with an incoming text on the table beside his chair. Both of their eyes went to it, and when John met Mary's gaze again, she was smiling. “But does
The gardens were full of the strangest things John had ever seen, but none of the plants could hold a candle to Sherlock Holmes himself. Lit by moon and starlight, he didn't seem quite real, and John almost wondered if everything, Bell Song and the Holmes estate and the flowers, was just a dream from which he had yet to wake up.
It turned out that there were expressions of love that were not glaring or obvious or trite. And I was struck suddenly by a wave of them. All the times he forced me to eat and sleep. All the times he tended to my wounds. All the times he reassured me, even when I swore I needed no reassurance. All the times he put me back together when I did not even know I was broken. And all the times, when, provided with a choice, he chose me.
The only time John stopped was when he head the first gunshot, a single one, rapid and abrupt. His stomach sank even though the sirens still screamed a few blocks away.
"No, she's in Geneva. I know you told me she was alive because you believed she wasn't. You were trying to protect me."
John stayed in his room for days, ordering in whatever food could be delivered so he wouldn't have to face the rest of the world with his healing cuts and bruises. He looked like he had seen far better days, like someone who had gotten in a particularly nasty street fight. There was no way he could go outside. Or so he told himself. Food delivered, newspaper delivered just outside his door every morning. He had everything he needed.
. Not in the middle of a crisis in Rome, but in their flat with no intruding police lights and sirens, no shouting human voices, nothing but a pristine silence that almost had its own sound. John had never noticed that silence until they both gave up speaking, and while he was aware of it now, he was more aware of his hands on Sherlock's jaw and how alive Sherlock felt with his breath catching, the hesitance and hint of fear that emanated from him. This privacy that they had always wanted and never had that was more perfect than John could ever have imagined. He felt like it must be a dream, because people only get everything they want in dreams, but no, it was real and divine and he was so filled with love that his chest ached, and he didn't even entertain the thought that Sherlock might not feel the same way. Because he knew he did. He could tell. He could find his evidence in the catching breath and the fingers that reached out to his hand and how he leaned forward in his seat like he wanted no space between them, like a person who put their face underwater, not caring if they'd drown.
“Hey. Leave it alone, yeah?” Sherlock hesitated, but finally nodded. “That's the last thing you need.”
Sherlock had made approximately two sentences of progress in his eternal fight with his word processor when the text message came in:
"You know, the flaw of this holiday is that it is one-sided giving. The person giving away the sweets never gets any in return. Sad, don't you think?"
Sherlock paused and turned to face him. “It's related to the Hickman case.” John could feel himself tense. The case had been a welcome distraction, a way of keeping his mind off seeing the bystander at Bart's, but now the two were tied and he wanted to run. “This is why I didn't want to tell you until I had to.” John crossed the room, started to speak, and Sherlock cut him off. “I promise it will be all right. We're meeting Mycroft and following up on a threat made to one of the museums there. It's nothing.” John didn't even
The Monet on the opposite wall was the antithesis of the Vermeer in John's closet. And really, it hardly felt like a Monet with its odd color scheme. It was of water lilies, of course, but the colors were on fire, painted during a sunset. Instead of Monet's usual rich blues and greens, or even his more broody blacks and grays that he used for cityscapes, the painting was a shock of warm colors in an otherwise cool room. The only hints of Monet's favorite lush color palette were in tiny dabs, bits of purple and green here or there, just enough to keep the sunset from being overpowering. It had no darkness to it, no cold city under even colder stars. And it had none of the baggage that the Vermeer lorded over him. Perhaps that was why he liked it so much, when the few scattered other patrons were drawn only to the most famous pieces.
"It was an excuse, and both of them knew it.  But allowing it to be anything else, anything except the game, it would have made it all too real.  And given their fates in the arena, the awful truth of missed opportunities and canceled futures, it was easier to pretend they believed the act than to admit anything more."
He wasn't sure when the ambulance came, just that suddenly there were more people in his living room, people making him let go of Sherlock so they could put him on a stretcher. There was shouting everywhere, most of which he couldn't even hear aside from the sensation of being surrounded by a dull roar. There was too much blood, far too much. Mary was still unconscious, and John hoped to god they didn't look too closely and see her. If they did he was liable to tell them she was already dead and they should focus all their efforts on the man they had come to save. Thankfully, the police arrived soon after the ambulance, and as the cops knelt beside Mary, they coaxed her back to consciousness and bound her wrists in handcuffs. John couldn't help but be frustrated that she had survived, and the only thing that kept him from going at her again was a hand landing on his shoulder. He turned around too quickly, and the room spun for a moment, but when his vision cleared it was Lestrade standing in front of him, talking, something about coming as soon as he heard about the call.
When John woke up early that morning, Sherlock had turned to face him. He was asleep, with his face pressed hard into the pillow. He'd never even bothered to get under the blankets.
They stayed and talked for a few hours. Sherlock gave his best explanation of what he did for a living, and was pleased to see John impressed. Before he left, John traded phone numbers with him, saying, "While I'm still in London, we should do this again, assuming I don't run into you at Tesco again first." He chuckled.
“Nowhere to go this time. No doors to shut,” John said. Sherlock whipped his head around to face John, who was calmly standing there, hands in his pockets, the picture of neutrality.
“I doubted the theories, of course. Physics has never been as interesting as chemistry, but it was a boring afternoon. Had to find something to do.”
“I followed the birds. I thought that if a roost was safe enough for them, then it might be safe enough for me. Birds don't like being bothered.”
One can become quite fond of praise and concern. As much as I acted indifferent, it was rather endearing to see someone worry about me the way John did.
Mycroft snooped around, finding countless more pictures of his brother's favorite subject, all in various states of ruination. He came across small signs that Sherlock was still working on his
There was something soft about the command that made John fall silent. He had answered thousands of commands from Sherlock Holmes, little things like
“When we got here, I suddenly understood why there were so many British poets,” the man said in a voice that Sherlock was sure he thought sounded sensitive and cultured. He snapped the photo and passed him the phone. “Do you live here?”
Mycroft was inside, calm as ever, and John despised him for his calm. No one should be unfazed when their brother was dead in the square, surrounded by gawking bystanders and indifferent police. John tried to swing at him, thought he deserved to land at least one punch, but the men held him down, and all he could do was scream.
Clara materialized immediately, welcoming him, all curly hair and bright eyes and a light perfume that John remembered Harry had always adored. Such an angel, and his father loathed her. Another reason for him to disapprove of Harry.
One day, he laid a hand over the scar, and when he removed it, the area was tinged. It was barely enough to see, just the slightest shift away from white, and no one except Sherlock would have even noticed. He stared at his own hand, wondering what pigment he had not adequately washed off. He would have to be more careful next time his hands touched marble.
“Obvious.” He ran his fingers over the touch screen, eventually finding his way to the camera, and jumping when the room around him appeared on the screen. He eyed it suspiciously before handing it back to John. “I have long since established that I am not where I once was. So would you be so kind as to enlighten me?”
John was visiting with his sister when I decided to go after the culprit myself. I left him a note saying I would be back later, but did not tell him where I was going, or what I planned to do.
At least he could be grateful that no one in London knew he was even at the Hickman that night. His phone had remained as quiet as ever, no concerned acquaintances to annoy him, no questions to be asked. And since no police or other officials had shown up at his door for his firsthand account of the bombing, he began to believe he was in the clear. The last thing he wanted to do was discuss it. There was something sort of comforting about the fact that no one seemed to remember that he existed. It made his life easier. No one knew he was there that night. Security cameras were likely all destroyed, and he had paid in cash and hadn't seen anyone in days. He had disappeared.
“John, is that you?” John stood in the front hall of 221B as Mrs. Hudson emerged from the back. “I could have sworn I heard you come in a few hours ago.”
Sherlock grinned, that mischievous glint in his eyes again. “Well, I might hang it in the bedroom eventually, just in case we ever get a client who knows about it, but for now I just like how it looks in here.”
“Yes. It was decidedly unpleasant. Human beings are generally awful creatures. But the day to day can be more insidious, and in its own way, just as bad. Being ostracized at school, becoming so used to the word 'freak' as a descriptor that you grow comfortable with it, being used for your skills and otherwise dismissed, not being able to solve the crime or save the victim.” Though he spoke as if everything was a string of hypotheticals, it was the closest to admissions that Sherlock had ever come. One tiny flash of very human weakness on his face, that was what finally made John speak.
, like the answer was a secret they could unlock by playing an invasive game of twenty questions with the author. But the reality was that even Sherlock himself didn't know what some of them meant. They were all just impressions, like paintings of water lilies. Poetry couldn't be explained in the way the general public wanted. It could only be felt. But no one ever listened when he said as much. No, all they wanted to know is whether or not a person in one poem was someone real in his life, if the darker ones represented his own darkness, if one with Mediterranean imagery was reminiscent of some lost weekend. Poems just being impressions of love or pain wasn't enough for them.
By the time the voice called his name, John had reached a point where all he wanted to do was walk in and tell them all to fuck off and leave it at that. But Mycroft, and probably even Irene, would never let him hear the end of it, and logically he knew he couldn't do something that asinine anyway.
"But sometimes, unexpectedly, grief pounded over me in waves that left me gasping; and when the waves washed back, I found myself looking out over a brackish wreck which was illuminated in a light so lucid, so heartsick and empty, that I could hardly remember that the world had ever been anything but dead."
. John wasn't sure what it was, and neither were her allies. But an unease settled over the hollow, and as the clouds of fog climbed higher and reached his hiding place, he backed away from it, grabbed his gun, and started skidding down the rock slope.
Seeing Sholto, the man destined for sadness and solitude, so happy made him ask himself why the hell he was waiting. Granted, he didn't see himself making any kind of statement to Lestrade and his crew, and he had a sneaking suspicion that Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson were both already well aware of the situation, but something had to be done about Mary. Why
"Minimal, so say the doctors. Obviously, they haven't had many opportunities to examine your vision due to the cuts and burns. But they tell me the chance that your sight will be affected is slim."
The man looked at him and nodded, smiling. The moment's hesitation before the two of them ate the berries told Sherlock all he needed to know. Once they had both swallowed, Sherlock held his hands clasped behind his back, waiting to hear confirmation of what he already knew.
But when Clara called for help, he answered. He knew he had a good track record for talking sense back into his sister. He wouldn't let Clara endure the rest of the Watsons alone.
He watched John disappear into the woods, and for a moment thought about following him, joining him. But then he remembered his obligations, and he knew that there would be no way around them. Especially not today.
Finally, it started once more, and he pushed his questions out of his mind to save for later as he began to move the injured men, who were more than shocked at the speed with which the army doctor had stitched their wounds. They attributed the seeming speed to warped perception created by their own exhaustion, and John was grateful.
Lestrade prickled a little at the comment, but seemed too grateful for the help to be truly upset. He turned back to John. “He yours?”
John saw Felix's eyes cut to Sholto in his peripheral vision, a smile pulling at the edge of his mouth.
John shrugged, taking a bite of his food. “No, not really. You'll tell me when you want to. It doesn't matter, so long as you're here now. The rest can wait.”
. I could see the unhappiness in his eyes. Part of him had hoped that I would show up and still be the awkward and lonely boy I had been when he knew me.
He knew why. They thought they had more time. The afternoon with the bomb told them it was something that would have to be addressed sooner or later, but they thought there was time enough for that to wait. After all, they were in the middle of the most stressful case of their lives, so it was perfectly rational to wait until they had some time, right?
“John, you're letting your entire life be ruled by something that happened to you! Now obviously you didn't do that when you came back from Afghanistan or when you got through the Hickman, so it's baffling to me that you would do it now!”
At the end of the week, John was sitting up, wide awake from nervousness. Sherlock had begrudgingly let a doctor come in to take off the bandages and check John's eyes. John could hear his footsteps, pacing laps around the room. He would drive the poor doctor insane at this rate.
He slowly walked across the room, hands in his pockets. The wood groaned under his feet as it did every time he came up here. But this time, he was too caught up in his own thoughts to notice that spots in the wood had gone soft, and as he put his weight on one such place, the floor gave way. It caved in, sending him crashing to the first floor below, landing badly. And in a second, the roof followed, crushing him, and burying him. He could feel his legs pinned and knew he was bleeding from multiple places. He cursed himself for being so stupid, so easily distracted, and he felt a creeping fear rise up inside him before his head began to spin and everything went black.
How had Sherlock never seen it? John not noticing something would have been common enough, but Sherlock couldn't believe he'd missed something. And
For days, Sherlock had walked through London, and he had seen so many people, and while they were mostly morons, they were also mostly
Since coming home, John had been haunted with dreams of the attack. He'd relived it a hundred times, and while the attack itself varied in his dreams, the part where The Man saved him remained perfectly preserved as it had happened.
had I stayed alive, and I couldn't have lived with myself if something had gone wrong.” A heavy pause, and Sherlock sitting there like a work of art, simultaneously understanding everything and nothing. “I understand if you never want to see my face again, I really do.”
Despite his issues with the film, Sherlock sat up and watched the rest of it with John's face on his computer screen. John almost seemed more entertained by Sherlock's commentary than the movie itself.
They were all well done pieces, but Sherlock created them out of compulsion. He didn't make them because he wanted to. He made them because he
“I'm sure I could manage to walk away from here. I have no interest in suicide. And your games won't keep you alive out here. You're as good as dead anyway.” Sherlock turned to walk away, but the man stopped him.
Sherlock continued to make polite conversation while John watched on in increasingly stunned silence. When the man finally left, waving as he did, John watched Sherlock's smile vanish as it did when he spoke to clients and Mycroft.
His leg hurt more and more as they walked. At one point, it buckled beneath him, and he fell to his knees.
you. And you know what? In the end it was easy. It was easy.” He ran the edge of the blade along John's throat, threatening but never breaking the skin. Sherlock could see the faintest evidence of John shuddering as Moriarty held the tip of the knife over the pulse point on his neck. “Do you know what happens next?”
“Just a student I knew.” John stopped walking, his face suddenly shifting from mild curiosity to total disbelief. Sherlock was forced to stop and face him. “What?”
Some days he felt like that would be a welcome change, to be in one of his galleries like any other day, and then have it meet the same fate as the Hickman. But in these hypothetical bombings, he never lived through it like he had the first time. In these thoughts, the bombing would take him out too, the explosion and fire finally making all this bleak tedium go away.
John opened his mouth to speak and stopped himself. The more people who knew about the Hickman, the greater the risk. But Sholto looked so thrilled to hear a good story, and was so intrigued that John slowly and quietly told him how he'd been at the Hickman and how the stranger's ring had led him to Sherlock Holmes. He left out the bit about the Vermeer of course. That would have been far too great a risk. The only reason he felt relatively safe telling Sholto about the Hickman at all was because of the very low likelihood that anyone would talk to Sholto long enough for him to reveal this secret.
“Mrs. Hudson let me in.” She swept into the room, looking it over with the same attention and fascination she had the first time she'd found her way in. John nodded, but in the back of his mind he could have sworn he had heard no one knock and that Mrs. Hudson had gone out shopping hours ago. Surely he'd just missed her returning home. Mary walked slowly around the room, hands behind her back, and her eyes fell to the open bedroom door. “The mysterious bedroom you had closed up last time, I assume? Yours?”
“She's nice. I can see why you would like her,” Sherlock said from his place by the window, watching Mary walking down the pavement. “Why you'd be in a relationship with her.”
her. But he was going through the motions, and he knew well enough that sometimes if you went through the motions long enough, it quit being an act and finally became reality.
A few aisles away, he could hear the murmur die down, voices coming now one at a time. Half-listening, he caught the familiar questions as they drifted through the space between books.
"Just earlier, in fact. You said to me, or to yourself while I happened to be in the room, that John must have been a very strong man to have been a soldier, that you understood his bravery now."
At which point their father, satisfied with the bruise forming on Harry's cheek, set forth in a tirade that lasted for nearly fifteen solid minutes, berating her, insulting her, cursing her, threatening her, all trying desperately to get a reaction from his daughter, frothing at the mouth like a dog. It was unclear at the time if his words were harming Harry, but they were certainly harming John as much as if their father had said them to him instead. Their mother cringed with every word, both desperate to intervene and knowing from nearly twenty years of this behavior that intervening when he was in this state would only make things worse.
So not a dream. A hallucination? Couldn't be, since the woman who passed him on her way out of the room looked at him, smiled. Why smile at thin air?
John was about to speak, but paused. Sherlock was staring down at him, head cocked to the side, waiting for a response.
He couldn't pay attention to whatever his friends were talking about. Not that it mattered. Their conversation, or what passed for it, could easily be faked with a series of noncommittal noises and a few words if the situation called for it. He looked out over the crowded room, past the other tables to the red velvet seats of the long bar. Everyone here seemed elegant and shining, and John couldn't help but wonder if he looked obviously out of place.
“So what skill did you decide to show them?” John asked. They sat out in the hall, waiting to be called in for their evaluations, the metal of the bench cold beneath them. Irene had given them plenty of advice, explaining how it would go, and despite John being confident in his abilities, he still felt like nothing would be enough to really help any.
John fell silent, turning to look out the large windows at the end of the room. But since Sholto had flooded the place with light, all he saw was a blurry sort of reflection of the room.
The owner looked between the book and his face, more serious than John had seen him yet. Perhaps he had appeared more frantic than intended.
For weeks, the London art world buzzed with excitement, about the lost Vermeer at the Hickman. John planned to go see it, of course. It would be foolish not to.
John stepped back a few paces, trying to gauge Sherlock's reaction. Sherlock smiled and immediately closed the new distance.
Sherlock felt the blow land on his face before he even saw John's hand move. His own hand flew to his cheek. There would be a bruise there tomorrow.
"People have to have something to do, I suppose. Everyone celebrates differently. Just another holiday. Even you enjoy Christmas some."
Mycroft's office at the Diogenes Club felt wrong. It held a false sense of coziness, the color palettes warm and earthy, the furniture old and elegant, the fire in the hearth welcoming in its lie. Because Mycroft himself made the room a lie by his own presence, the clinical coldness fit incorrectly into the room like a ring too small for a finger. And Sherlock, with his dark coat and pale skin, looked just as otherworldly, a ghost haunting the living, summoned in a séance.
“Has Sherlock briefed you?” he asked, picking up a folder from the table. “No, of course he hasn't.” Sherlock ignored him, glancing out the window, distracted. “A threat has been made against one of the museums here, as I'm sure you've realized.”
The lights above him began to reverse. He had watched them grow and shrink for hours. And he refused to answer her questions. “What's the new show about?”
“I think we can manage that. You realize I'll have to tell Mrs. Hudson she has a new tenant, right?”
“Yes, alcoholic, correct?” John nodded. “Fascinating, though. Two women. Like the love that dares not speak its name.”
“I didn't know. I saw. But there's more. What are you about to do? The plain looking medical student –”
“Oh, I don't know. What about poets? Poets write about them all the time. Poetry's a kind of art, isn't?”
Sherlock stopped, setting his drink down on the side table by John's chair. He waved him over. John took a few hesitant steps toward him, and Sherlock took the bottle and his glass from his hands and set them down. He reached out and grabbed John's hand, pulling him to the center of the room, positioning his hand on his waist. “You have to learn the man's part.” He took John's other hand and held it out to the side. John was too stunned to stop him. “Now whenever you step forward, she'll step back, and vice versa. Look down for now and follow.” Sherlock stepped back, and John did as he said, stepping forward with him. “It's very simple, I assure you, even for someone with such limited coordination as yourself.” Sherlock walked him through the steps slowly, then faster, occasionally correcting him. “Now, look at me. You can't very well be staring at your feet when you're with Mary.” John stumbled a few times, but slowly got the hang of it. He started losing some of the tension in his posture the more comfortable he grew with the motions.
.” Her voice was so uncharacteristically serious that when she let go, he begrudgingly stayed where she'd positioned him. “If you two don't start being honest with each other you will be making the whole situation worse for yourselves. When I came back from the arena, I would have killed twenty-three
There was no sound. Of course, realistically there was, but John had reached a point where any noise in the gallery was somehow muffled and distant.
“It really was you in Afghanistan.” The pulse grew stronger, more regular. Sherlock winced. He wasn't used to this pounding in his chest. How did humans stand it? “Why are you back?”
She shrugged. “You can't help who you love. I just hope we can still get along, even though at times we certainly didn't make things easy on each other.” He was blindsided, and every attempt at thinking up a response failed miserably. “Why, what did you think I'd say?”
Outside of that, it is only a matter of discovering if we have found ourselves in comedies or tragedies.
When the first drops of rain fell and hit the marble beneath their feet, John stared up in confusion.
“All that mess about us being friends and me being some sort of noble healer.” Sherlock only shrugged. “Playing the game, are we?”
“Still learning. I'm new to it. But thankfully, I've been steered in good directions.” The fire and the soft lighting didn't feel nearly as irritating to him as they had the night before.
Early in the morning was always the hardest time. If John could sleep through till daylight, he knew he was capable of surviving the rest of the day. But on nights where he would lie awake, or worse, be jarred from sleep in those early morning hours, he had a harder time believing in his own ability for survival. That gray time, that transition from night to dawn, was always the most crippling. Something about the way the light changed in how it cut through the curtains, or the way he could slowly hear the city coming to life outside his window, one car, one clanging metal gate slung up to open a shop, one person shouting to another on the street. It all felt too vivid and surreal to be a real time of day. The middle of the night carried with it a certain level of mystique that was always filled with possibility. And he could remember when the early gray morning brought the same feeling, along with a happy, comfortable exhaustion. But now it was an in-between time, a limbo, a question of could he make it through the real day, could he make it through another night. He would be allowed perhaps an hour in this liminal state before the light shifted to full morning and he was forced to face another day without the rest of his world.
The evacuation had been pandemonium. Security workers escorting all those perfect champagne-and-diamonds benefactors out of the building, setting up police blockades for miles in every direction. They would never have known to evacuate had Sherlock not solved the riddle. John had chased after him, like always, and once the bomb was found, John dragged him outside himself. Sherlock had protested, wanting to help more, but John just yelled at him about him being a detective not a bomb defuser. They stood with the rest of the crowd outside, jumping at every sound, expecting the gallery to explode in flames in front of them at any second.
At his front door, a place they had stood what felt like a hundred times, he always expected John to come up with a sociable way to end things,
“It was a simple enough song that it was easy to make a decent arrangement.” Sherlock wouldn't look at him. “I ran out of things to play, so I had to fill the void with something. God knows one can only watch so much television,” he said as he walked across the room.
"You going to be all right, John?" She knew she was pushing it by even talking. They'd spent most of the night in silence, with the exception of one moment early in the evening during which John had gone on a bit of a tirade about how awful the holiday season was. Harry knew it wasn't really him talking. She'd been down that road enough times to recognize the street signs.
“Should kick in within the next thirty or forty minutes,” John said absently, a phrase he was used to telling people. Another flash of lightning, one quick second of harsh light on John's face. He looked toward the window, away from Sherlock, drawn by the flash.
John tried to focus on his breathing as he walked across the stage. The only sound he could hear in the Square was Harry crying somewhere in the crowds. It hadn't even been a conscious decision when he'd volunteered. It was a given. Harry would never stand a chance in the arena.
John shook his head, laughing to himself, and Sherlock made every effort to remain as still as possible. “When are you going to actually tell me anything about yourself instead of all this dramatic secretive nonsense?” John smiled at him, and though the words made Sherlock expect irritation, instead he found something else, something akin to the expression he had had when he showed up on Sherlock's doorstep. The candlelight, the faint music playing over the speakers, the way John was looking at him, it was all too much. He had crossed a line into vulnerable territory without meaning to.
“Correct, very good, John. They are toxic, and can cause quite a case of dermatitis, even in normal gardens. ”
“Well, I guess I don't understand why you don't save some of them. You know, the ones that are getting overgrown, the ones that are out of control, the ones getting strangled by all the vines. Why don't you actually keep all of them up? Like a botanical garden?”
He sat cross-legged on his ledge, looking out over the hollow, hearing the voices of the tributes below him. There had to be a way out that wouldn't give his position away.
Before he could back away and leave, the door opened. John wasn't sure what he had been expecting, but it wasn't the little old lady standing inside in the shadows. She was the human personification of a cozy kitchen, cookies baking in the oven. But she also looked like she hadn't slept much more than John had in the last few days.
.” His hand fell to the nape of John's neck. John tried to find the word for the look on his face, and when his brain supplied the word
“I rather liked the reptiles. There were so many gorgeous species of snakes. Some other children were there, and they were all terrified of them. I didn't see how anyone could be scared of such extraordinary creatures. There was also a special exhibit there that summer, about bees. I remember thinking that was amazing, and pestering my parents about getting some hives for our yard.” John smiled fondly at him, but Sherlock didn't see. “What was yours, then?”
John felt the pain shoot through his shoulder, and he immediately began assessing himself, trying to determine if any major arteries or veins had been hit by the bullet. Over the ringing in his ears, he could hear the shouts of his comrades. Some voices were those calling for help. Some were only screams of pain.
John glanced at the table nearest him and saw the selection of guns. They weren't as extensive as the other weapons, but they were enough. He picked up a small handgun and looked at the judges on the platform, eying the lights above their heads, the glass tubes casting their makeup-coated skin in a sickly glow. He raised the gun and shot.
“I didn't say my flat was my home. In fact to be honest, I don't know that it ever has been.” He left off the second half of this thought: it was only home if Sherlock was also in it.
“Best not worry about it now, I suppose. As is usually the case, I'm sure the answer will become clear in time.” The smiled widened, became one of those flashes that made him seem more alive than a regular human being. John couldn't help but smile back at him. Sherlock took a few steps back, the dog following at his hells. He glanced over his shoulder as he turned away to walk to his room. “Till tomorrow then. Goodnight, John.”
"Nothing! Nothing is wrong!" Suddenly my vision cleared, and I saw a very shocked and terrified Victor across from me. I had slammed my hands down on the table and could feel a cold sweat breaking out across my forehead. The few surrounding tables of people had stopped eating and drinking and were staring at me.
“I wish you could, John. But we have to leave, and now. There's been an explosion in the mines. We'll need to bring the gun with us.”
"No, because I care about what you have to say." He looked somewhat taken aback by that remark, and that was when we both noticed his hand still resting on my chest. He pulled it away and stood, turning his attention to the cut by my temple.
Every shaky step back to Baker Street was laughter and talk and walking so close that their arms brushed against each other's. The pavement was plenty wide; there was no reason to be so close, to be constantly casually bumping into each other. But as if controlled by some new law of physics, Sherlock never seemed to drift more than inches away.
John was beginning to live outside the shadow of Afghanistan and the Hickman. He would catch himself sometimes, realizing he had made it through entire days without thinking about either of them. He felt a strange sense of peace when he would be able to look for something in his closet without feeling weighted down for the rest of the day by the knowledge of what was still tucked away in the back of it.
Their heads turned as the doors opened and Mike walked through them. He smiled, but his smile faded as he saw Sherlock, coat open, revealing the outdated clothes.
John let out a low sigh. “She worked for him. Before he offed himself. Now she's sort of a freelancer. She hurt you because she thought it would motivate me to do what she wanted, but all it motivated me to do was hit her over the head with a fire poker.” A small laugh escaped Sherlock's lips.
“Sherlock?” A voice came from across the room. A tall blond man walked toward the two of them, smiling brightly. Sherlock sighed to himself before attempting a polite smile. “How are you? I haven't seen you in years!” The man looked to John, reaching out to shake his hand. John ran his eyes over the man in confusion. “Victor Trevor. Pleasure to meet you.” He looked to Sherlock for an introduction.
. Somehow, John Watson had made her compelling despite her collection of serious limitations. And the stars even touched this book.
“Not like this you haven't. This was another caliber, and while you may not care about putting your life on the line, I do, and I wasn't going to chance something awful happening to you.”
John, Sherlock, and Irene all went their separate ways when they reached Victors' Village, each shutting their own door behind themselves.
Sherlock watched him with an appraising look, tilting his head back a little, a smile beginning to form. A child who was happy to have won a game against an adult. Sherlock tapped a gloved finger on his leg. “Why on earth are you doing something like that?”
John nodded, pushing himself to his feet after a moment. He walked off to the kitchen and returned a few minutes later with some painkillers and an ice pack. Sherlock obediently took the pills with his tea. John held the ice pack in place against Sherlock's head, positioning Sherlock's hand to hold it where he had decided it should go. Of all the details, John even knew what side of his head he got headaches on. John sat back down next to him without a word, Sherlock considering the constant, devoted care, what it meant when someone knew that much about you.
“Oh, a number of reasons. The ability to make my own decisions about my life alone is wonderful. I don't answer to bosses and acquaintances like so many people feel they must. I do what I want for a living. I don't have to expend all my energy on pretending that I enjoy the company of ninety-nine percent of the general population.”
Late into the night, he repeated his mantra over and over in his head, as if hoping that thinking it enough would make him believe it was true.
When Harry had first come out, it had been nightmarish. Harry had always been a stubborn girl, and had an amazing ability to put her foot in her mouth. Given that she had had a drink before she told them, John expected more of the same. It was, in fact, her first drink, at age sixteen. They hadn't known it would be the beginning of a dependence on liquid courage. But even in retrospect, John couldn't fault her, given the circumstances.
When John had shown up on Mary's doorstep that night, still wired and running on exhaustion and a mad sort of elation, he had expected the worst. Shouting, plate throwing, window breaking, a true sparring match. He hadn't expected Mary, dressed in pajamas, looking barely awake and more confused than angry.
As the silence between them stretched on, Sherlock reached into his pocket to retrieve money for the book, but when he held the note out, Mike just waved his hand away.
In the dormitories I was paired with a young man studying business named Sebastian Wilkes. He was very dedicated to keeping up appearances. I made little effort to get to know him or any of his friends. But there were nights I would be working – or trying to – and he would watch me from his bed or desk, scrutinising, attempting to fill in the blanks about me. By spring of our first year, I had talked with him enough to consider him something like a friend, or at least a pleasant acquaintance, despite our differences. I certainly bore him no ill will. And I naively believed that he thought similarly.
