The slave Naga led him to a lamp lit kitchen, where he sat at a table with more slaves; who stared at him and would have spoken had the slave Naga not frowned them to silence. Not caring he was stared at, Dee-Ann at hot meat and drank cool sadsa. When his belly was full, he followed the slave Naga out of the kitchen past other rooms and two more staring slaves; until their reached a small chamber with a bed in it but no windows.
“I’ve spoken to Nerissa. She told me she’d let me have first choice.” Gabriel whispered as if this was juiciest of gossip. Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Put them on the mannequins.” He said walking into his changing rooms. “I’ll select one when I’ve finished my bath.”
Dee-Ann grabs the back of Castiel’s neck and drags him in to kiss him again as he fills him with his own relief.
“No….” Castiel breathed and meant it. His body was starting to respond now, Dee-Ann’s cock had begun rubbing against that special place inside him that sent spearheads of pleasure ricocheting around inside him. He nods his head to Dee-Ann, who was still not moving. “I’m really fine. I want you to fuck me. I want to feel it….”
Dee-Ann seemed for a moment to be floating, his feet barely touching the ground and his shoulders set at an awkward angle. It was only when Castiel took a step to the side that he saw the cloth of his tunic balled in the fist of a large Guard.
“I would imagine because women with swords were chasing him.” Castiel said reaching out and putting his hand on Tessa’s elbow. She was taller than him by more than a head. “Now as I have explained….the boy may be trespassing but he hasn’t stolen anything and I am unharmed. There is no crime here. Please….stand down.”
He pondered this for a moment. What a stupid thing to say. “I don’t like you either.” He said sulkily.
So they knew where he'd come from.  The Savage East.  They knew what he used to be. Dirty, nameless he brat. They didn't understand what he'd become.  They let Obid"s maggots questions writhe in their hearts. Only when Asher said that they had to, would they ever speak to him.
“I’m going to find that stream we passed.” Castiel said in a smiling voice though Dee-Ann was not looking at him. He lost himself in a yawn for a moment.
This seemed to still whatever emotion had been stirring behind Castiel’s eyes and he visibly relaxed, drawing little circles on Dee-Ann’s chest with his fingers.
Everywhere the blades had cut him were points of fire on his arms, his legs, his neck. He felt his breath stuttering in his throat, but he couldn’t afford to panic now.
“This is my Daughter’s tent. When you’re not busy anywhere else, you’ll serve her in any way she needs until I call for you.” She said. Dee-Ann simply nodded.
“I haven’t seen you in forever. You vanish like smoke to some plot point on the map. No proper goodbye. No letters. Now you just come waltzing into my chambers as if you never left. I’m trying to have a conversation with you and all you want to do is joke. And not even a good joke. The kind of base drek I can get from any stable girl.” Castiel said shrugging his hair off his shoulders.
Just to give you guys an idea of the kind of vibe I'm trying to create with Li-Illitur and their ilk. These are reference images from other films. But they're what I'm looking at for inspiration.
It was a cavernous, windowless place he was in. But he could only assume the door to the side led to the storefront he'd been in earlier. Bricks and boards had been removed from the floor to allow water from a gurgling fountainhead on the wall to run in a straight line toward a basin set into the floor. it was far too narrow for a bath. And Castiel could only assume there must be some ceremonial purpose to the water. Dangling into the water were a multitude of threads. They were white, but it looked as if they'd been dipped in paint; knotted around a hook screwed into the hall. Each one had been tied with an amulet and a silver bell midway between the hook and the water. They were not all the same length. some barely touched the  water. While others stretched the length of the room.
Dee-Ann looked at him with a strange mix of anger and pain for a moment, before he exhaled slowly; and it was if all the emotion from a few moments before drained out of him. He sniffed sharply.
“I’ll go.” Dee-Ann said softly, though he spoke as if the words tasted of vinegar. “If that’s truly what you want I will go.”
“I suggest you might be a human.” She said still smiling. “Free yourself boy. Kill me! Or I will kill you!”
“Well you see....” Castiel began, and without meaning to his eyes met Dee-Ann’s. Time stretched thin between them and Castiel allowed himself the space between one heartbeat and the next to simply lose himself in those endless green pools; wishing he could look in them forever. He made no effort to stop his emotions from painting themselves all over his face. And it was as if Dee-Ann guessed his intentions before Castiel had even fully formed them in his own mind. Dee-Ann’s face twisted into a mask of horror and Castiel could see him take a quick breath to scream.
"No....my bonds are soaked in lamp oil. If I try to burn my way through....I'll go up like a candle." Castiel said bitterly. "They must've been watching us. They
Obid and the guards fed and watered themselves first. After that they fed and watered the camels. Only then did they carry bowls and cups, bags of food and jars of water into the pen with the merchandise.
“Yes Gabriel. We’ve been summoned because a Delegation has arrived from the Southern Isles. Don’t you want to know why they’re here?” Castiel asked.
Dee-Ann spat and wretched and could breathe again. Making his legs strong he stood up straight. The water stopped at his shoulders. His unbraided hair was a wet matte plastered to his skin. He coughed and spluttered and his chest was on fire. But he wasn’t dead. Bisla dragged the sopping hair away from his eyes.
That night when the Caravan had still not moved and all had fallen asleep, Dee-Ann had stalked off away from the sleeping Caravan. He removed a silver godbell from his pouch. He dug a small hole in the frozen snow with his fingers until he felt the frozen earth beneath and his hands were pink and shivering. With his knife, he sliced a handful of his beard – which was growing longer every day – and struck the flintstone he had taken from the Cooks wagon until it sparked and made a small fire. He watched as the tiny flame sputtered to life. It would go out soon. But it did not matter.
Pleased with his praise, Dee-Ann smiled back and thought to himself: ‘So this is the world. Slaves and Rulers. Anyone not a Ruler is a Slave.’
“A pretty boy who will soon be a beautiful man. You cannot be so blind that you have failed to notice the very real Political value of that currency.” The other voice hissed.
Castiel let go of his grasp on his power. He was getting dizzy. And he didn’t want to overexert himself in case this exchange took a violent turn. No matter how compelling he found his beauty, this Dee-Ann was still as a trapped animal. And that was usually when they were the most dangerous.
To sleep with his head in a pillow was almost as sweet as the most delicious honey, and Dee-Ann closed his scorpion amulet in his fist and bit his lip not to waste water as he covered himself in the blanket. Aaaaiiiiiieeeeeeee the God see him. He danced in the God’s eye.
There would not.  Staying below the stairs was Maeghara's word.  But her word chafed him.  It chafed him like slave chains on his ankles. It poked him like the end of Obid's spear.
Creeping to the door, he saw the Guards readying themselves to do their rounds. Scrambling to drape his trusted black cloak around his shoulders, he waited for them to walk all the way to the end of the corridor, before he whipped the doors open and raced to the stairs.
While the aqueducts that fed the city of Et-Banotaj from the rivers in the surrounding valley were still visible, the area was covered in green grass and tall spindly trees. There were flowers growing on either side of the road and herds of cattle could be seen grazing. As they moved further from the city however, Dee-Ann could see that the browning he had heard Maeghara speak of with the Godspeaker years before, had only continued to spread. While his child eyes had been unable to see the bareness of the earth – still looking through the eyes of the barren Savage East – he could now see that the earth was more brown than green, and water flowed down in rocky basins from the mountains in streams that still dreamed of being rivers.
His mind was gravid with details from the night before. Still cold, he walked into his dressings rooms and looked for his cape from the night before, draping it over his shoulders before walking into his private study. Sitting right at the back of his chambers, it wasn’t a room he used often. And it showed. He didn’t receive much in the way of correspondence that needed answering, and though a fair amount of his books were kept in here; he preferred to do his reading in front of the fire. The room therefore was beginning to look a bit shabby around the edges. It was obvious that when these had been Ezekiel’s rooms, the study had been meticulously maintained. But under Castiel’s neglect he could see spare lacings for his stomacher, baskets of ribbons and even what looked to be a fur tappet that needed mending strewn about. He made a note to create some order in here at some stage. But for now, he would not be diverted from the task at hand.
It had been three days with the Caravan now. And Dee-Ann soon learned its rhythm. At first their ways had seemed strange. But the road was nothing new to him. And inch by inch he was remembering its ways. He had never traveled this road before, but it became clear – once they were well free of Et-Banotaj – that one stretch of the Queen’s Road was not all that different from another.
"The only possible explanation for such blindness is that the Nexus has the power to permanently alter the course of the future. Of destiny itself." the Reverend Mother said quickly. "We have determined its source. It will take place in Et-Haravelle."
“I don’t know. I’m tormented by dreams of death and blood and now we learn of a conspiracy in our midst and some mysterious rising evil marshalling against us? Would be something a coincidence if the two weren’t related. But who knows? Maybe Kufu was telling the truth and I am just a silly boy having nightmares and trying to aggrandize myself.” Castiel said.
“I’m being serious.” Castiel said walked across the room to his mirror table. He reached into the drawer and pulled out the bundle of cloth he’d wrapped Dee-Ann’s amulet in. He handed it to Gabriel, who patiently unwrapped it and regarded the amulet. He pulled a face.
“How did you even come to know all of this?” Castiel asked motioning to the goblet, which he promptly poured out in the bathtub. Gabriel took the goblet from him, wrapping it in a sash and crushing it beneath his heel.
"You don't remember my Body Servant Sula?" Gabriel asked as they walked. Castiel shook his head. "He was a gift to me from our Mother for my eigth nameday. He hailed from one of the far flung districts along the Drag. He and his kin were all the rage at Court for a while because of their exotic skin. Do you recall?"
“Only that you continue to do as you have done for so many years.” She said flatly. “Return to your duties. The Queen’s Hunting Party will return in a few days. You must be ready. The next few months are among the most crucial we have ever faced. A misstep could be catastrophic.”
truly was. So much water! Streams and lakes and rivers and bubbling springs! So much green grass! Countless fruit laden branches and fields of grain and fat grazing cattle and sheep, singing birds and well fed wildlife. He understood then that Maeghara and Derubeis were right. The rest of Mijak
." he said to himself forcefully. He would not accept this. It was not enough. None of it. He refused to believe it. This could not be the God's plan. Not for him. He was precious. He was Beautiful. He walked in the God's Eye. He leapt. He danced! If the God was silent it because of the wickedness of women, and it was left to Dee-Ann to prove himself worthy of the God's love.
“And yet.....you’re getting it.” Castiel said dragging his eyes up to meet Gord-Ahn’s. The words felt strange leaving his mouth. As if it wasn’t altogether him speaking. “You seem to be laboring under the misconception that I intend to....come quietly. And submit myself to whatever unpleasant death Li-Illitur had planned for me. Like some common whore. The way you did.”
Castiel touched his lips to the knot, before returning it to its hiding place. The kiss which – perhaps – he should have given Tran that night when he’d asked for it. Would it have made a difference?
Dancing, the stupid tutor said; strengthened the body and made the heart strong. It kept the muscles lithe and supple.
That symbol there. It almost looks like the symbol for God.  Almost but not quite. Memories stirred. They showed him the day that they had gone to the bazaar. They showed him the day that they had gone to the bazaar. Godposts on every corner. Young God speakers with baskets on their back walking to collect offerings.
After breakfast, they remounted the camels and set off; traveling slowly but steadily under the hot blue sky. Today stretched into tomorrow, and soon many days had passed. Every highsun, Maeghara taught Dee-Ann proper Novaki words, and Derubeis grumbled.
Alarmed, Dee-Ann looked at Derubeis. How had Maeghara made the light flare? Why did the slave have to die? And what had happened to the body? “Tch! Tch! Let Maeghara explain it you if she wishes. I couldn’t care less what you know and what you do not.” She said impatiently.
Dee-Ann ignored Derubeis stupid goat bleating as if she had not spoken, as had become his habit. Instead, he struggled to untangle Maeghara’s meaning. “Novak….end?” he asked.
He thought back to Et-Banotaj with contempt. Compared to Et-Novakar it was nothing. A hillock. He remembered himself as he was when he had first arrived there. Small and slaved and owned by Maeghara. Ignorant of his place in the God’s eye.
Beside them, Derubeis chitted. “He may be a monkey, but at least my little Hooli understands more than one word in five!” she said with a sneer. Maeghara ignored her.
“He’s not here to teach you. He’s here to escort you. I heard the slaves talking. There was a palanquin the night of the Welcome Feast. It came through the Mud Gate, bearing someone of great importance apparently. Godspeaker Kufu welcomed them personally with only a single guard. Rumor has it it’s a Reverend Mother.”
“Demon? Silly child! That is no demon. That is you!” he said, holding up the silver disc. “This is a mirror! Have you never seen yourself?”
The Godsnake of Et-Novakar, smiled at him; twice. The Godmoon and her husband walked almost to the far horizon. When newsun came he must be at the Gate, away from the Road and eyes that had no business seeing him. He hitched up his food sack and kept on walking. Torches burned along the top of the Great Wall protecting the city. At first, the Queen’s Road remained flat, but then the road started tilting downwards more sharply. His breathing hastened as he walked. His legs had begun to burn a while ago. He was not used to so much exercise and cursed himself for a lazy he-brat.
“Tran. Enough now. Tell me.” Castiel said seriously, still reeling from Tran’s words back at the work house.
The Morningstar was a colloquial term for the ruling house of the most Western Isles - House Sha-Tan. Very little was known about them save that their armies were feared throughout the known world. They guarded their culture and their ways fiercely. But what little was known about them revealed a brutal people who exalted conquest and gloried in death. They were all but barbarians. They had scant a generation of peace with the Novakari people behind them. Li-illitur had already been born when her mother swore peace. And far worse. They famously were the only nation in Mijak who worshipped other Gods in addition to the Light.
Castiel sat reading Anne Bonny’s diary when he heard the door of his chamber open. He listened while the slaves prepared his chambers for the coming night, whispering to each other while they drew all the curtains and stoked the fire. Any minute now. After dinner, he’d instructed Tran to bring him a few delicacies from the kitchen should he get hungry in the night, along with a bottle of wine to help him sleep.
Next to him the slave cook-brat mewled and shuddered where he lay. His face was white. And his skin was shiny and stinking with sweat. Dee-Ann did not think his finger would grow. The God would inhale his godspark or demons would take him.
It would’ve been hypocritical for him to mutter a prayer. Even. He’d given up the hope that the God was listening ages ago.
When he awoke his head was thick and pounding. His mouth tasted like sour milk and his body was sluggish to move. As he sat up from the straw mat he was on, he noticed to his horror that his trousers were unlaced. With a frantic gasp, his dumb flabby fingers clawed to redress himself.
At last they came to a blue wooden door set into a high wall of pale cream stone. The most beautiful slave stood guard before it. She was tall and muscled and clad in black silk pantaloons with a fistful of amulets around her neck and her bare chest tattooed with snakes and lizards. Her scarlet slave braid was heavy with godbells. She saw them, and dropped hard to her knees; her face lighting up in a radiant smile.
inside the blond man. His entire frame seemed to relax and Castiel almost thought he was on the brink of tears. For a moment, he felt Dee-Ann press his fingers to his forehead; before with a start – as if he had only just then noticed El-Don was in evidence as well – he let go of Castiel’s fingers and stood up.
Dee-Ann waited for the city to grow sleepy. Then quiet. Then silent as the grave before daring to light his little fire, digging a small pit with his fingers and filling it with twigs and small branches, before using a handful of his shorn off hair and the heel of the knife on a stone to spark a flame. It was only a small fire, but it was good enough for him.
know its want, then did Et-Haravelle Godspeaker lie when she said he-brat should go to Banotaj Warlord? Or was the lie that it should go to Bajadek? Why would the God let a Godspeaker lie?
“You and that delicious Southern Princess.” Tran added with a raised eyebrow. Castiel rolled his eyes at him. “All the Palace slaves are abuzz about her. And of course the way their men were dressed.”
“As I understand it she already has a lover in the Palace. Obviously they can’t marry…..” Gabriel said pulling a face. “…but as far as I’m aware she means to make him a bound concubine. Their culture allows for that sort of thing among the ruling class. The rest is for the poets and bards to fill in.” Gabriel said.
Castiel has a mysterious visitor and learns what could be the most important lesson of his life. But will he have the wisdom to listen?
.” He added, hearing the desperation in his own voice as the words flowed like water. “Don’t you understand? I haven’t heard the God’s voice in
“That was before another poor Harvest slut! Before two more village wells dried up! All the coin it cost to feed it? Am I made of money? Don’t you complain! When it was born I could’ve thrown it on the rocks! I could’ve left it on the Anvil!”
Hello my lovelies. I'm on a bit of a creative roll, so I'm going to try and crank out as many of these as I can before it runs out. Again, slightly shorter chapter, but the next one is probably going to be a long one so I thought it best to end it off where I did. As always, thank you for joining me and I hope you guys enjoy!!!
“There’s only one way to find out……” Castiel said affecting a confidence he did not feel. “Send them in.”
The Woman was staring at the Traders too, her eyes popping with amazement. She bobbed her head at them, like a chicken seeking corn.
She held up her hand, her two fingers raised. Her short friend tossed her a red leather pouch clinking with coin. The Woman stepped forward, black eyes ravenous.
“Well…..I was thinking. Perhaps we could…pretend? My mother won’t give either of us any peace until she is sure her plan has been successful. And I’m sure she will be generous with her gratitude.” She spoke as if she did not know what she wanted to say, gesturing with her hands as if she were kneading a loaf of bread. “At least until we reach the city.”
Tran led him through a series of dismal back alleys until the eventually came to a kind of courtyard where a man – clothed in little better than rags – was doling out bowls of dubious looking gruel to a copse of children. They varied in age, but none were older than ten. They were all filthy, and it became clear that they were on break from working in one of the work houses that pocked the area.
Castiel smiled to himself as he darted from shadow to shadow once he’d reached one of the lesser courtyards. It was a little worrying how skillful he was becoming at sneaking around.
The caravans of tribute sent to the Ruling City  in honor of the Festival were most assuredly relevant to the unfolding of events. But I am telling this tale out of order. Dee-Ann would've hated that.
“No it isn’t.” Gabriel said. “We’ve been corresponding. Just letters and the odd gift…I saw no harm in trying to get to know the woman I’m going to be bound to for eternity, a little better.” He continued. His voice sounded vaguely uninterested. Though their betrothal had not yet been officially announced, it had been all but confirmed that Gabriel was to marry the Princess Idan.
“Hmmmmm.” Castiel groaned. “It’s a mess. I’ll probably have to shave the lot off if we ever make it back to civilization.”
"All obedience...... Pleases the God." he read slowly, sounding out each symbol with teeth and tongue. "Sacrifice pleases it. Offerings... Um...offerings...."
He had to map out his next move carefully, trying to get his bearing of just where he was exactly in relation to the courtyard. They were still on South side of it yes, but these were the
“We will talk of this again Mega. Before we reach Et-Banotaj.” She said softly, her voice a mix of fear and something else.
“If I see something I haven’t seen before I’ll throw a coin at it!” Gabriel said widening his eyes. “Tran out.” He ordered making a flicking his fingers and pointing to the door.
one who cares about this kind of thing. Mother has time only for her politicking. Not one of our brothers will do this for you. Our sisters?” he paused to laugh. “And Father is dead.”
Castiel had to fall back once Kufu entered a small building on the South side of the courtyard. Pursuing him without being detected would be much trickier once they were inside. The curving staircases that took him down were the most dangerous. There was nowhere to hide, and he would have no valid excuse should he be sighted there.
She would beat him to the ground! She would put her hand of power on his cheek and her smiting would burn him to Cinders and Ash! Forever and ever she held him in her eye. Forever and ever she looked at him.
“You sometimes frighten me.” Gabriel said wrapping the amulet again and dropping it on the table. “You mean to tell me that after feeling this strange connection with him you mean to just let it fall by the wayside?”
"You are to care if their disliking leads to unrest!" said Derubeis crossly. "Twelve other slaves we have here. All unhappy because of a thirteenth whi daily costs us hard earned coin! Is this good practice? You know it is not!"
“With the right lever it is possible to move a mountain. One simply has to find it. Kufu’s lever was always his own arrogance, and his need for his existence to be validated by women more powerful than he. The lover of a
His body was tired. He had walked faster than he ought to have. And a good thing too, if Dee-Ann was planning on setting off without him.
In a panic, he realized his error. He’d forgotten his chosen route of escape would take him through the cavern with the jawbones. In the darkness behind him he could hear Gord-Ahn’s advancing footsteps. With an almost animal snarl, he tore off across the clearing as if the devil himself were nipping at his heels. Forget the agony of his limbs. Ignore the sting of the treacherous burns. If he could only reach the staircase, he could lose him in the sunlight.
The Godstone saw no other hearts after Bennihime’s. The Godspeaker clicked fingers at the chosen slave Bennihime. He followed her out of the pen, and looked at the ground.
I'm going back to the Two Chapter per character system. It feels a little choppy going on for one.  Also props for the first person who can tell me who the familiar face is that shows up this chapter.
It peeled away the layers of his consciousness like that of an onion until he found that place deep inside his mind which was perfectly quiet. For a moment pain lanced through his body. Warmth spread through him. Even as the light entered his brain, his organs. It suffused what would’ve been his body. His consciousness. His…self.
to have been angry to hear the news. But the truth is he would have wanted him to do just that, if it had turned out that Castiel was becoming the same thing as Gord-Ahn.
The air of the Keep is split with an impact like soundless lightning. Raising his arms above his head, he reached for the beams of moonlight streaming in through the window; bending it midair to arc into his hands. And aiming the column of pure white light at the Chandelier high above him, the entire Keep explodes in a cascade of light. It danced in a thousand thousand fractals; illuminating every corner of the Keep and throwing long shadows behind every column. He looked around for the thief.
what became of their dead. If what you say is true…..” he was referring to the altars Gord-Ahn had built under the earth with the bones of his victims. “….those people deserve at least a proper burial. They have suffered enough.” El-Don said indignantly.
“Come along then!” a female voice called loudly from the outermost room of his chambers. He recognized it instantly and all but leapt to the door. “You ain’t no use to no one standing there gawking at yourself.”
"Except the bards have no tales to tell of them do they?" Castiel said loudly from the top of the stairs leading to his bed. Both Gabriel and Joh leapt to meet him.
“Knew he was hidin something tempting under them rags I did. Skinny as a plucked chicken he was when he showed up at my tent. Been feasting right and proper now though ain’t he!”
“But the time has come to put off this nonsense. We the both of us need to start thinking more practically.”
But even as his fingers tightened around the knife to drag it along his skin, something stopped him.
“He is awake and listening to us.” Said the old woman. “Sly little rascal.” She chuckled. “But Royalty has a need of slyness. Even males.” She said taking one step further into the room. And suddenly Castiel felt as if she were leaning over him where he lay. “Sleep well little rascal. You’ll need all your strength about you in the days to come.”
“If you try to hit me or rape me or throw anything else at me….” Dee-Ann hissed, reaching into the bundle he was holding and pulling out the knife in a smooth arc. “…..I’ll slit your cunt open all the way to your heart and bathe myself in your blood!”
“You fashion yourself a warrior?” she asked sounding amused. “What is your purpose here? Are you dancer? Do you sing?” she asked scanning him with her eyes again.
For some unknown and utterly inexplicable reason, Castiel felt himself gripped with panic. It was ridiculous of course. They were his guards. If they breached the door, they would only protect him. And yet for some reason the thought that they would find Dee-Ann – and surely kill him – filled him with a sense of profound dread.
“The Light sees you Prince Castiel. It sees your heart.” The Godspeaker said, his voice loud enough for the crowd to hear.
“We shall see." The old eyes darted a hard glance at the Godspeaker. "Leave us Kufu. I wish to speak with the boy alone.”
Banotaj when the son’s theft leads to war….and claim Et-Banotaj lands as her own; and afterwards birth a daughter worth loving.”
He was too small. And she was too strong. But one day, many fat Godmoons from now; he’d be big. And she would be old and shrunken. Then he’d do it, and throw her body to the dogs after. And laugh and laugh as they gobbled her breasts and her buttocks; and poked their tongues through the empty eye sockets of his skull. One day.
Barely had he stopped marveling at the Godpost, than his breath was stolen a second time. Todorok village was big! It had wide streets covered in smooth stones and houses painted white. Their roofs were not made of grass. They had scales like a snake! The air was clean. It did not stink of goats and women. The villagers they passed wore brightly colored clothes, and coverings on their heads. Strange. They had flesh on their bones, and their skins were shiny and smooth. Not baked into cracked leather by endless sun. Some of them were he-brats, not chained in secret; but walking freely among them. No woman close to poke and strike. How could that be?
Et-Haravelle’s Godgate was an anthill place with wagons and carts and oxen and slaves coming and going without seeing, and pens for many complaining animals. The air was heavy with smells. The gates themselves stayed shut, huge black scorpions towering over them – taller than the tallest man – their tails looking ready to strike. They would not open until the Caravan was ready to leave for Et-Banotaj. The wayhouse for travelers intending to journey with the Godspeaker caravan was small and spare, with no one wanting to travel but Maeghara and Derubeis. There was nothing to do there but eat and sleep, and wait.
“None of that changes that Et-Haravelle Warlord is no fool. And the Warlords of Et-Banotaj’s alliance with Et-Novakar has been passed Mother to Daughter for a hundred generations. Surely she must see that if her son is stolen by Bajadek Warlord and Banotaj falls……Et-Novakar will be duty bound to act? They will be on opposite sides of the conflict.”
“You are not so infallible!” Kufu said. “It is easy to fire arrows from the dark. You sit in judgment of me and my every decision; every mistake…..yet you make none of your own. I am the only one here, risking everything for our cause. I who have sacrificed more than any other….the things I have
he said over-articulating each word in a way Dee-Ann found chilling. He had never formally met this man, but he found he hated him instantly. Gord-Ahn smiled, his teeth looking very white in the sim light. "Clever, boys." he continued slowly. "I didn't think you'd get this far. There are few people who can say they have seen my little garden....and lived to tell the tale."
had ever served him before. Men served women. That was the way. Almost dreamy, he lifted the bronze cup to his nose. Sadsa was creamy white, and the sweet sour smell tickled his nose. There were tiny flecks of blue caught in its frothy surface. He looked at Rubi, not trusting her.
And then he felt Dee-Ann’s lips seal over his own. So light. Barely more than a graze. So tender he could almost tell himself he’d imagined it. Then again, harder this time. Still soft, but insistent. Through the haze of exhaustion and fog clogging up his mind, Castiel felt something ignite in his chest. He turned his head to the side, feeling Dee-Ann’s tongue whisper against his own.
Dee-Ann suppressed a cry, as the Scorpion bound to the Godspeaker's forehead flared bright crimson; and the smitten Traders did cry out. The glow faded from the Godspeaker's tattoos. Her Scorpion fades to black, and she took up her Godstaff; rizing with graceful ease. On the Traders' faces her white hot handprint pulsed in time with their frantic gasps for air.
“Then how can Bajadek Warlord take Haravelle he-brat?” Dee-Ann asked. “The God cannot want Et-Haravelle he-brat for Banotaj
You guys!!!! Almost one month since I started this! This chapter marks the end of Act One. World building and character establishing done! Time to fuck shit up!
And so it was. Three fat godmoons later, they left. And Dee-Ann felt his water flow freely over his cheek. He felt alone. Abandoned.
“I’m feeling ill. I think I shall take all my meals in my rooms today.” He said installing himself at a small round table. “And send Tran to me please?”
“You have gifts boy. That much is clear. But you haven’t the first idea what to do with them. Do you?” she said/asked. Again he did not know what she wanted him to say. So he said nothing.
“Mine.” Castiel said through clenched teeth and Dee-Ann tried to find the words to tell Castiel how good he felt. But all he can do is squeeze Castiel’s cock, moaning as pleasure as waves of ecstasy coil behind his bellybutton. He slams his hips upwards and knows he is about to cum. With renewed vigor, he worked his hands on Castiel’s leaking cock, and feeling the slightest hitch in the rhythm of Castiel’s fucking; knows he’s fast approaching his climax as well.
They paused approximately three feet from one another and greeted each other in the custom of the Blood when they were in public. Holding out their hands – left palm up, right palm down – and approached each other until their corresponding hands were above and below one another’s. They stood like that for the space of a breath, before Castiel felt the jewel at his throat pulse; even as he saw an identical jewel at Gabriel’s throat glow with
“Such things are beyond a simple Body Servant like me. And even a Prince like you. You’ll make trouble for all of us if you let your curiosity get the better of you.” Tran chided softly, punctuating the statement with a weak slap to Castiel’s left ass cheek.
“Excuse me?” Gord-Ahn said craning his head back far enough that he was looking at Castiel upside down, the beads at the end of his godbraids clicking as they cascaded to the floor.
He leaned into the breeze as it lapped at his face. And pulling his braid over his shoulder, he picked at the cord his body servant had knotted in his hair for sleep. Finally managing to dig one of his slender fingers into the knot, he pulled it free and went about freeing his hair from the very tight braid she’d made. Carding his fingers along the length as he went, he made a happy sound once the full mass of it hung over his shoulder and down his arm to carpet the stone he was leaning on.
He stared at the bowl, letting his face show his distaste. He had not eaten slave food once since Maeghara had rescued him from the Woman and the Village. He did not want to eat it now. It reminded him of that life he no longer lived. Of the nameless He-Brat he’d left behind in the Village. But his belly was empty, and his mouth was parched.
“Skinny! Skinny.” The man Bisla exclaimed, pointing at his ribs. “Does Maeghara not feed you child?”
covered place filled end to end and side to side with stalls and booths and trade sellers. They were hawking sweet jellies and spiced nuts, and pastries dripping with
Dee-Ann felt himself plunging into despair, and coming back to himself; he realized he was kneeling with his head thrown back and his hands fisted to his forehead. What’s more, he could feel his Scorpion Amulet clutched there. He did not even remember removing it from around his neck.
“Lesson one little demon….” She said untangling her fingers from his hair, to stroke the sharp line of his cheek. “…..raise your hand or voice to me again, and you will die never knowing the pleasures that await you. Do you understand me?”
“Reverence.” Said the Godspeaker, before backing out of the room and closing the doors a moment later; leaving Castiel alone with the Truthsayer.
Castiel stood as if turned to stone. Gabriel didn’t know it. But between one moment and the next something precious and treasured had shattered inside his heart. He had grown up listening to poems and songs about the love born between his parents. He’d spent countless hours staring at the paintings depicting them walking together. Had fallen asleep listening to his Father tell him about the day they married.
strong. He forced Dee-Ann's face to move and looked up at him as easily as if he were a stubborn puppy.
Dee-Ann looked back unwavering, before pointedly driving his eyes away when Maeghara came out of the Godhouse with Derubeis and the Godspeaker.
“The God showed me.” Said Dee-Ann sharply; his furious green eyes never leaving Castiel’s. “Every newsun and highsun Godspeakers walk across this courtyard and into this building. They enter with baskets that are full and leave with them emptied. I knew there had to be a Godbowl in here somewhere.”
He looked around. There was the tub for chicken heads and gizzards. There was the big sack for all their plucked feathers. There was the spit, threaded already. The chickens sat in their fastened cages, shitting and clucking and waiting to die.
“So I misjudged the boy.” Kufu snapped. Castiel smiled. Both at the thought that Kufu was in trouble because of him, and also because the man seemed not to realize he was being goaded into this anger.
"It means I have certain...gifts. Gifts I can use to heal. Or to hurt. But you know all about that don't you Castiel?" Misoorayah said watching the exchange with obvious amusement.
It was no great shock that he couldn't sleep. His mind was gravid with all the horrors and questions and hurt feelings imaginable. It was not the first time the limitations of his gender had been pointed out to him. But this was undoubtedly the worst. The concept of marriage, of politics and treaties. They had always been there. But they had been distant. A nameless, shapeless SOMEDAY thing that didn't bear too much thinking.
"Do not, play coy with me boy. I am in no mood for cleverness and trickery." The Queen said in a voice like distant thunder. "First that ludicrous display in the Keep. Leaping about like a hare in heat. Then, I return from a hunt to stories of malcontent Captains, public displays of ill comportment not to mention threatening a Godspeaker? In public? A member of my blood? "
"It is true Dee-Ann. It pleases me that you should remain here. Learn your letters. Practice your dancing. Improve yoiur speech. And heed your tutor. This is my word. Do these things, and you will please me. Disobey me, and you will be punished. Derubeis and I travel far to the West. It is no place for you." Maeghara said.
On and on and on they caravanned. And slowly, the road grew crowded with other travelers. Oxcarts and slave trains and plain women on horses. Farms and fenced cattle pastures stretched on either side of them. Eleven Highsuns after crossing the border, they reached Et-Haravelle city. It rose from the plain like a rock on a green stand.
“You don’t stare at me!” he said with bared teeth making his voice hiss like a snake. “Dee-Ann belong to Maeghara.”
“I did.” Gabriel said still not meeting his eyes as he toyed with a box of powder. “Difficult not to. Their sense of decoration is….a trifle severe.”
Maeghara ordered her camel to kneel, climbed down and snapped her fingers. Dee-Ann climbed down after her. “The God sends us where and when it desires Tulu Godspeaker. This far East good slaves grow thin on the ground like grain without nourishment. But we are here this highsun to trade for supplies and buy such flesh from you as promises us profit. If you have flesh to sell.”
again, and smiling when he does. Dee-Ann does it again and again until Castiel is shaking and writhing and swearing and trying so hard not to scream his name.
“Do you really?” Castiel asked, letting Dee-Ann roll him gently onto his back. There was a tone to Castiel's voice that told Dee-Ann that he didn’t really believe him, but wanted to.
“Just this?” she asked scornfully. He was enchanted. Her voice was deep and dark, like the dead of night. And shaped the words differently from the Woman. When the Woman spoke it sounded like rocks grinding in the dry ravine. Ugly, like her. The Trader was not ugly. The Woman nodded.
“You like my knife dancers?” she asked with a smirk. She was ruddy, but her features were handsome enough. Her demeanor told him that she was aware of the fact. She possessed the same oily, overconfident sort of charm Maeghara had wielded. It made his blood boil. Dee-Ann fought the urge to glare at her. He did not like the way she was looking at him. Even through the beard and unkempt tangle of his hair, she was looking at him the way he remembered from his dead life when he had been beautiful.
“Disperse.” He said to his retinue of guards as soon as he cleared the stairs. There was nowhere for him to go once he reached the halls. There would be no need for them to follow his every step. Seeing the look of irritation on his face, his door guard opened the door for him and mover herself out of the way quickly. He nodded his thanks, dropping the train of his gown and striding passed her. He rang the summoning gong for his body slaves and set about removing his jewelry while he waited for them to arrive.
“To survive.” Gord-Ahn said smirking, the words slightly slurred by the presence of those teeth. “To integrate ourselves. To wait for the summons......”
He tried to convince himself that was why she hadn’t bothered to answer. Not because she wasn’t interested. Not because she didn’t care.
There were lots and lots and lots of scorpions, in every kind of stone and crystal. Some were large as a woman’s spanned hand. Others as small as a baby’s fist.
"We must move quickly. Who is the High Godspeaker in Et-Haravelle? They will have much to do. You must write to them. They must read the omens and make all possible preparations. I have already dispatched one of my most trusted Agents. She will be in Et-Haravelle well before the point where our visions end." she said.
swam in them. Good for eating! He had seen fish now. Once there was a small blue lake. There were things called….
The city’s large gates were not yet open. They did not open until two fingers past newsun. But other buildings near the gate opened earlier than that. He had seen it in the days he had sat and waited. He walked around the wall until he found the first of these places. It was a waiting place where caravans could take up temporary residence until the omens read by the Godspeaker read ‘yes’ and they received her word to travel. He saw pens of goats and sheep, and crates of chickens. He saw slaughtered calves hanging on hooks, and tubs of gizzards overflowing. A row of tents – plain brown, not striped and pretty like Maeghara’s Trader tent – marched up and down. He could see nothing past them. The ground was bare in places, beaten hard and flat by many feet. Coarse, gray green grass grew in patches between the places for tents. The air was thick with animal smells. Blood stink. With the shout of voices from beyond the row of tents. The goats and sheep bleated. The chickens cackled. From somewhere else came the lowing of cattle and the bawling of calves. Scrawny dogs quarreled and hunted for scraps.
“It’s true. It is like I said. Lu-Cas’ sister had a fondness for betting on the bones, and gambling at cards. She incurred debts, and ran afoul of some very bad people.” Tran explained. “This far from the Palace, there are hardly any Godspeakers to consult or Warriors to keep the peace. So as usually happens, she went to the local Harrowspex for assistance.”
Trembling he dared to look at her. Dared to hope. The short one wasn’t laughing. She shook her head, setting the ivory dangles in her ears to swinging.
They had not been at Grimsgrave more than a week, but somehow it felt like a year since they had been on the open road. There had been no horses in the stable for them to take, and they hadn’t dared return to Paradin to try and buy one.
There was one piece of bread and one piece of cheese in the bottom if his bowl. All the corn was eaten. He picked up the bread and cheese, and threw it at the slave’s feet. The slave snatched it up and crammed it into his mouth.
“This is Maeghara’s word! You must do as Maeghara commands!” Bisla said. Yes. Yes! The man Bisla was right. Above all things he must obey Maeghara. “It is a bath child! Surely you have had a bath before?” he asked crossly.
His tone was light, even mocking. But Dee-Ann thought there was the faintest hint of truth in it. And he didn’t like it.
Castiel sighed through his nose. The God. Of course the God. What else? He blinked a few times before swiping his hand through his sweat damp hair. He knew he wasn’t really mad at Dee-Ann for being so devout. How could he? But still, it was a lance to his heart to know the man was capable of such utter devotion…..and that
“Yes Tran. It’s the commonly accepted term for people who are fucking.” Castiel said losing his patience. “Your necklace.”
‘I was sold because the God took my Mother and gave my Father to another Woman. She had her own sons. She did not want my Mother’s.’
“All creatures who walk in the Light belong to the God. And all who walk in Et-Novakar….belong to my Mother. And therefore, to me.” The woman said. Dee-Ann leveled her with his stare. Tcha! He could see through her pretty words to her true meaning. She was lusting after him. She thought she could claim him.
“The God sees this one Trader Maeghara. It sees his heart. You tempt the God’s wrath by concealing him.” The Godspeaker said.
Moaning, the smitten Traders found their feet and quickly ran down the street. From his hiding Shadows across the street, Dee-Ann heard them sobbing their pain for all the world to hear. His mouth was dry. The Godspeaker in the Village had never punished wickedness so. Her punishment for things had been stones. Stones. Always stones. She did not have a hand of Power. This Godspeaker of Et-Bajadek....aaaaiiiiieeeee the God truly saw her in its eye. Shaking her head, the godspeaker turned to continue her walking. As she moved, her terrible gaze swept across the street and the patch of shadow where Dee-Ann was hiding. She stopped. On her brow, her black scorpion waited. Dee-Ann's breath ended. She had seen him. She had SEEN him?!
Time passed. Four Godmoons became six. Six, became eight. Until finally, after ten long and lonely godmoons; she returned to him. It was as if the sun had never shined before the day Dee-Ann was summoned up the stairs and found her there. But too soon, they were gone again. Maeghara was only home for four fat godmoons before the Queen sent her on another errand. More messages from the High Godspeaker. More secrets. More honor. More gold for stupid Derubeis to delight in.
The scroll rolled up inside was not written in the Queen's own hand. Rather it had been dictated to an artisan who was learned in calligraphy. Like many women of the Bloodline, the Queen could read well enough, but the brunt of her schooling had been in war. Tactics, weapons, snake dancing and bowmanship. Such ornamental trivialities as writing, music and poetry were considered more suitable for men.
“I already am!!!!!” Dee-Ann snarled snatching his pantaloons from the pile and shoving his legs into them angrily. “I’ll tell your mother I misunderstood her intentions. And I’ll find somewhere else to sleep tonight.” He finished as he grabbed for the rest of his meager possessions and all but ran out of the tent.
He heard something next to him, and opening his eyes; saw a crestfallen Castiel drop the satchel he had carried with him to the stream. The look of naked anguish and hatred he saw on Castiel’s face cut him like a rusted blade.
Silly, pricking burning water leapt to his eyes. They traveled through a land of water, but he would not shed his. “Dee-Ann belong to Maeghara.” He whispered.
He pillowed his head on his intertwined fingers, pressing his ear against Dee-Ann’s chest and listening to the soft drum of his heart.
“Why are you repeating everything I say?” Gabriel asked but Castiel ignored him. Et-Nieveswhyte was the stronghold of Queen Kaia herself. And while the Southern Isles had been colonized by Et-Novakar in the time of Castiel’s thrice Great Grandmother, their rulers had always rankled at Novaki control. Castiel was beginning to warm to his theory about the Queen looking for a husband. If they were putting forth a suitor to better relations between the two Nations, it made political sense for the Queen to put on a show.
“The color green made you short?” Castiel said unable to keep from smiling at the look of conjoined horror and amusement Gabriel shot him.
This last was said so softly it was practically a whisper, but to Castiel it felt as f Dee-Ann had shouted the words at the top of his lungs. He was fighting to hold in the deluge of emotions he was feeling. Though he couldn’t stop the tears from welling in his eyes.
Dee-Ann waited Until she was completely gone before he allowed himself to breathe. "The God sees me. The God sees me in its eye. It grants me my prayers. It hides me."
She leaned forward. “But keep it a secret child.” She whispered. “This amulet is special. I made it many years ago. And I have never made another like it. The God thundered in my heart as it guided my blade. It thunders now. It wants you to have this.”
The thought of Dee-Ann washing him was intriguing. The idea that he had seen and touched his naked skin sent a whisper of a thrill through his limp cock.
Castiel reared back in shock. “Tran! Control yourself! I am your friend, but I am….as you subtly enjoy pointing out to me…..your Master.”
– The ability to analyze micro expressions and “taste” the thoughts of a speaker to weed out lies. Important to note that this ability is almost exclusive to incumbents of the Order.
In this city he knew Maeghara. He knew Derubeis. He knew the stupid tutor. They were the only free women he knew in all of Mijak. Except for the Woman. And he couldn't go back to the Savage East. Even if he knew how to get there. Even if he could journey so far, he never would!
“Et-Banotaj sits on the far side of Novak. Et-Novakar city – where the Queen lives – sits right at the North Edge of the Queendom. Et-Banotaj, where we live is close to the Western Novaki Border, half a godmoons ride from the Sand River.” She explained but Dee-Ann understood none of it. He was beginning to understand that this world was a much larger place than his head had space to imagine. And that there were more words in Novaki than stars in the night sky.
“Oh he did. If I had to guess I’d say that when the creature attacked you it gave you everything it had. It seems it was determined to turn you into a thing such as itself.”
Having greeted Ana officially, there was no need for the process to be repeated with Gabriel. They simply turned and watched as Ananakiel ascended the stairs leading up to the dais and sat down on the higher and more ornate chair the slaves were quick to bring out. Once Ana was properly installed, the brothers were free to walk out of the hall. As soon as they were out of sight from the public, they embraced. Or rather, they embraced as much as their respective ensembles allowed. Gabriel looked striking in a gown of bright pink organza, with narrow skirts gathered and draped about his hips and tightly cinched waist before launching into a dramatic cape that fell like a toga over his right arm. His amber hair was piled high on his head around a wire mesh that give it the look of a honey comb. And as Castiel came closer he could see that several cunning little honeybees – dipped in gold from what he could see – had been worked into his brother’s hair and even pinned in places across his gown. It was as extravagant an ensemble as he’d seen Gabriel adopt in recent months. But he supposed – knowing that once he married the Southern Princess he would be covered from head to toe – it was just as well that his brother take full advantage of the freedom while it lasted.
Then Castiel was there, warm hands and slender fingers touching his chin and guiding him in for a kiss. Dee-Ann did not resist. His lips were hungry. Like parched earth desperate for rain. But he made no motion to stop Castiel from going. He wanted to be alone. He wanted to ponder these thoughts before anything else happened.
He groaned. Suddenly the early hour of the messenger made sense. If he was to be ready before highsun......
With so many strange costumes from so man different Houses and regions, Gabriel had devised the brilliant plan of arranging wooden mannequins in Castiel’s closet. This way the Mima and Castiel’s Body Slaves could discern the correct way of arranging all the garments without Castiel having to endure any more time in the process of dressing than necessary.
Hello my lovelies! I'm changing up the format a little bit in order to cover more ground more quickly. In a regular novel I would simply switch POV's within the same chapter. But I don't like to do that here. So instead I'm going to be putting out a couple of these rapid fire installments to tell concomitant events more quickly. I might even try and get the Castiel installment out today as well. Anyhoo! Hope you guys enjoy! Mwah!!!
“Oh pesh! Tosh! Light see me! I can practically see it!” Gabriel said clutching his fists in front of his face. “The cold stone. The bare moonlight. A mysterious stranger. A lone prince with nothing but his wits and his magic to protect himself! A dashing rescue by a brave Guard! This is the stuff plays are practically made of!”
He did a quick mental inventory. His forearms were wrapped in bandages. He could feel more bandages around his neck and ankles. All of his other limbs were there. He closed his eyes and focused on wiggling his toes. Eventually, they wiggled. That was good right? It meant they were undamaged. But the flesh inside the bandages still ached like a bruise for the effort. He noticed something else. Or rather, didn’t notice something. He couldn’t smell himself. No sweat. No stink of infection.
When Castiel didn’t speak Johdilia fell to her knees, pushing out her bottom lip and looking up at him with a pathetic expression. “Come oooooooooon Sprout. Have mercy on your poor old Nunun what missed ya.”
“Another matter.” The voice whispered. There was the sound of fabric rustling. Then of parchment being unfurled.
That night around the fire, the woman Bara-bhur laughed as the caravan received special permissions to continue through the city and all the way into the Palace. They would be housed there until after the Queen’s nameday.
“He had put together a retinue of over a hundred slaves, Body Servants and some of Mother’s Honor Guard. And promptly set off on a tour of the Provinces. He wasn’t even here when Peliel was born.” He said waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Turning his back on the soon to be rising sun, Castiel dug his hands into his nightdress and pulled the thin golden chain free. Dangling on it was the golden charm from that night at the Harrowspex. He turned its familiar weight over in his hands. The strange, horned little face stared back at him, its expression as intractable as ever. He sighed. The Harrowspex had warned him to keep it close to him always; else the consequences would be dire.
The tunic and pantaloons they put on him weren’t soft and silken and slippery like Maeghara’s gift had been. But they felt good all the same. They were colored dark green, with gold and red thread around the neck and the wrist and the ankle. They sat on his skin lightly, and rustled when he moved.
He followed Ashar down the stairs to the slave's place. Ashar banged the door of his room shut. Dee-Ann vomited up the remains of his highsun meal into the pishpot, then curled into a ball on the beautiful carpet. The carpet that had no doubt been paid for by the sale of other boys like him. He felt small and cold. Yet still burning hot. Derubeis had been right all along.
"I couldn't say anything while Johdilia was there. But you don't honestly think I'm going to let our mother marry you to that demon do you? I only ask...that you keep an open mind." Gabriel said, nodding to Tran who closed the gate and relocked it.
small body! Smiling, she dropped the cut down robe over his head and guided his arms through its shortened sleeves. She smoothed its cool folds over his naked skin. He was astonished. He wished the Woman’s daughters were here to see this. But they were away at work. Snake dancing and tending goats.
"... With a heart like Stone." Maeghara said, taking the tablet from him. "These words are given to us by the high Godspeaker of Et-Banitaj. Can you see his name written on the bottom of the tablet?"
Castiel frowned. It all sounded so…..cold. The arrangement sounded so official and pragmatic. He couldn’t imagine Gabriel in such a life. “And you think that’ll be enough for you?” he asked.
you to go, but I also can’t ask you to stay. Not if it means you’ll be in danger.” He said hearing his own voice cracking with emotion. “I can’t have that on my conscience. I
Her movement is so sudden he barely has time register what she was doing before she’d grabbed the nearest clay urn of oil and dashed it on the stone floor, smashing it and sending oil cascading over her robes and his skirts alike. The oil flowed thin and sharp smelling over the floor.
It rained the morning everything changed. Whether or not the rain had any relevance to the profundity of what followed is unclear. That it came at the end of a harsh and bitter summer is definitely not relevant, but worth mentioning all the same. It was late in the year, the seasons were changing. And all along the city, lanterns had been hung in preparation for the Et-Novakari Queen's nameday festival. The festival of lights it was called, a day of rest and celebration throughout the Queendom.
"No." Castiel said dismissively. Godspeaker Kufu was not a kind sort. He was only ever looking for sin to stone. And even if through some miracle he did believe Castiel's dreams were more than just dreams. What could he do? And besides. He was the Queen’s creature through and through. He would waste no time relating anything he believed to the Queen. And Castiel did not even want to think about what she would decide was an appropriate course of action for him. No far better to just leave things as they are.
Castiel had pressed his lips to Dee-Ann’s before he could even finish trying to articulate the thought. He threw his head back as Dee-Ann all but assailed his neck with his lips, his tongue, his teeth. He felt himself growing drunk on the smell of Dee-Ann. He plunged his face into the soft blond hair on top of Dee-Ann’s head and breathed hard.
"Hear me. It was not fate that took us to your Godforsaken village you simpering brat. It was coin. We visited the Truthsayer and she read our futures. She told Maeghara that in that scarred, blistered lump of a Village we would find the key to unlock our Destiny. And so we have. You...will be sold to the Palace as a concubine. A gift for the Queen. A pretty bauble for her to play with, and do away with as she sees fit. We will gain access to Royal Trade Routes far richer than any we have seen before. And you....will not be our problem anymore."
“Step forward boy. Let me look at you.” She said after a moment. Castiel found himself obeying the command before he even think. “Hmmmm. Your father has given you his face. But your mother has given you her eyes.”
Gabriel chuckled triumphantly. “You know full well I sometimes change my costume as often as three or four times a day. Having spent the entire morning in the same dreary rag my team of miscreants was practically gasping when I appeared.” He said turning his face this way and that. Castiel scoffed. It was a habit of Gabriel’s that he retained from childhood calling treasured toys rubbish and referring to dear friends as morons. Castiel had always assumed it was to keep people from knowing when something was truly meaningful to him for fear they would be taken away. Though with nine siblings he supposed it was as good a tactic as any.
“Six hundred and sixty six slaves.” Gord-Ahn affirmed. Castiel nodded. According to the history ledgers he had found, this had beena agreed upon as a precautionary measure to ensure that the West would not soon rise up again; knowing that their own people were now living in Mijak as well. But Castiel had guessed the truth. It had been an extra layer of humiliation.
More goat words from Derubeis. Like everything else she said. He would listen to Maeghara. He folded the corncake in half and shoved it into his mouth. His eyes popped, as the sticky gold honey melted on his tongue.
“We will talk of many things Rubi.” Maeghara answered. Dee-Ann sat in silence. And for the first time since he had been saved from the Village, he wondered if among all these things in this wide, wide world he did not know; if it was possible for there to be something
“Save it.” Castiel said coldly. “We’ll set off in the morning. Be at the cottage at newsun. The faster we get to Et-Haravelle the better. I can resume my life and
I know I was technically supposed to switch to Dee-Ann's POV and I will. But honestly there was more to be said from Castiel's side, and I wanted to spare you guys ANOTHER chapter of Dee-Ann just working in the Caravan.
Maeghara placed a fingertip on Dee-Ann’s forehead. “Unless you receive my nod, this one is hidden from you.” She said. Now the questions in Obid’s eyes writhed like maggots in rotten meat. “You do not touch him. You do not speak to him, and none of the others must come near him. This is my word.”
He didn't know just what was different about the one until his hand clasped it. His hand didn't light up. His heart didn't leap. Rather it was the opposite. There was something.....safe. Something familiar. Like being wrapped in a warm embrace. Or a smelling a favorite dish. It was home. Love.
She chuckled again as she pushed off, stepping towards him. She bent to retrieve his stick. Dee-Ann sighed through his nose, his breath still coming hard from dancing.
“In a crowd of dancers and musicians and actors and the like!” Gabriel said as if it were plainly obvious. “We can have a little fun. What about a nice tourmaline? I’m sure I have a costume that will fit you. You’re so skinny. What about a harem boy? Yes I think that will do quite nicely…..”
The big woman laughed as she took the dead chicken. “Are you now brat? What happened to you? You look like a hunting cat wanted you for her dinner. Smells like might be she did.”
Just a very quick little chapter to get us to where we need to be. I want to wrap up Act 1 quickly so we can get to the meeting we've all been waiting for!
Dee-Ann tossed off the blanket and – naked as they day he was born – chased after him. Castiel was fast footed, but Dee-Ann was a natural runner and soon managed to catch up to him.
“Come child!” Bisla said again sounding impatient. “You are dirty and wretched and the Godspeaker will punish us if you are not presentable for Maeghara!”
His eyes fell on Castiel, and a fresh wave of pain sliced through him more keenly than an actual knife.
“She’s a monster Cassie.” Gabriel whispered looking on the brink of tears. ““I have paid hatfuls of gold to any Trader, Sailor or Warrior that could give me some inkling of what this Li-Illitur is truly like…..And it seems the only thing anyone can agree on is that she delights in blood and pain and agony. And if such rumors are to be believed they excite her not only in battle but….sexually as well.” Gabriel said looking disgusted. Castiel felt his eyes fall closed of their own volition. He had read of such women in various books including the diaries of Anne Bonny who had described her cunt as dripping while she listened to the sound of her enemies dying.
, or imagined why they would want to. He looked. Two green eyes, big and frightened, thick black lashes long enough to brush his skin. High cheekbones, hollow cheeks. A wide mouth with plump pink lips. A softly pointed chin. All these face parts the Man had shown him, touching his own and saying the words over and over until he remembered. He could see the Man’s face in the mirror, and the Woman’s too; muddled together to make Dee-Ann. Framing Dee-Ann’s face were his godbraids. Fascinated, he watched his fingers touch the bright red and green beads the women had woven into his thick yellow hair. They fell around his shoulders and halfway down his back. His godbraids weren’t like Maeghara’s. They were fatter, and looser, and they didn’t hold as many charms. When they reached Et-Banotaj, he would as her to give him godbraids like hers. She would do that for him. He was precious.
“Relax. It’s alright. Your body is changing. Let me show you.” Tran purred, stepping closer so Castiel could feel his own cock against his hip.
“If he’s no thief where’d he get this?” Tessa asked all but throwing Dee-Ann down on the ground. She waved something at Castiel he could barely see, as Dee-Ann let out a howl and scrambled to retrieve it from Tessa’s grip. With a snarl she backhanded him through the face hard enough to make him grunt. Dee-Ann fell to the floor in a heap. Though he seemed poised to launch himself on her again. Castiel stepped between them, holding up his hands.
Petrified. Not breathing, he waited for the God to strike him dead for even thinking such a thought. The God did not, so he asked another; inside his head where only it could hear. If the God
“Exactly! Which is why when your clumsy body servant dropped it while he was dressing you, you instantly dispatched him to the Artisan district to have it mended.” Tran said cocking an eyebrow. “I need a credible reason for why I’m leaving the grounds this time of the day.”
As the day wore on, Dee-Ann took his turn minding the spine of goats and sheep that walked alongside the caravan. He snapped the braided whip the shepherd girl gave him, and thought briefly of Obid with her maggot eyes and stabby spear. His mouth curled into a sneer of disgust, imagining the whip tasting the flesh of her back as he cracked it again. He did not see much of the performers in the caravan. The shepherd girl told him only to be quiet when driving the spine of animals along their wagons. Apparently they slept during the day and practiced their dancing and singing and music after the sun had gone to bed. Dee-Ann nodded but not care. A few times throughout the day, he glimpsed the girl Chaala. She seemed to be a very busy sort of a person, always flitting from this place to that one; with a worried expression and a strange sense of fidgeting urgency that infected everyone around her. He spied her tightening the lacings on a pack camel, and delivering messages along the length of the caravan from her mother – who sat right in front – to the very back where Dee-Ann was walking. She rode a horse that was taller than Dee-Ann, and several times he saw her squinting into the sun and consulting a small map she unfurled over her arm. He shook his head. Strange creatures, women.
“Aaaaaiiiiiieeeeeee!!!!!!” said Derubeis, pressing her palms to her eyes. Then she flicked a sideways hopeful glance. “Sell
With a satisfied roar the woman slammed her hips down on the man one final time, his thin seed dribbling out as she hitched up her trousers.
Dee-Ann smiles against his lips, grinding their bodies together and shuddering from the needy sound Castiel lets out.
A few times he had come back to his chamber to find the little beast in there. It had torn one of his favorite robes and he slapped it. He had been sure it would run straight to Rubi. Thankfully, despite its Masters many many compliments the monkey was stupid. It could not talk. Nor could it carry Tales to its master.
“What is it that enraptured you? Was it his face? His lips? No! His eyes! I know you! And……” Gabriel said before abruptly shooting Castiel a glare and waving him off as if his words had a bad smell. “Pffft! Cassie if you don’t know all the mischief that can be gotten up to in fifteen minutes then you’re no brother of mine.”
“You and I both know I had nothing to with any of this.” Castiel said morosely gesturing to himself.
Hi guys. Just a slight trigger warning for some depictions of dead bodies towards the end of this chapter. Nothing too hectic I hope, but I thought I'd throw it in all the same. Hope you guys enjoy!!!!!!
He gasped when Dee-Ann suddenly pulled away, far enough that they weren’t kissing anymore; but still close enough for their foreheads to touch.
Maeghara went to her white camel, opened on of its many baskets and pulled out a small clay pot. “Pish into this and give it to Obid.” To Obid? He stared.
The Godspeaker placed the scorpion on the lead of the leather laced box, stood back and closed her eyes. It seemed to Dee-Ann that the whole world went silent.
“Oh stop it!” Castiel said smartly. “He’s practically a savage. You should have heard him speak. Like some sort of zealot from decades ago.”
Tran smiled at him in the mirror, looking endless pleased with himself. He trotted over to the door to dispatch “Castiel’s” order with one of the other Body Servants; before closing the doors tightly behind him.
In the end, it was another two newsuns before Castiel finally showed any signs of improvement. He could remember patches of it. He knew he was on a bed. And that El-Don was there. He’d woken one night to find Dee-Ann at the foot of his bed asleep. Mostly he remembered dreaming. Or rather, the knowledge that he
time that I have found myself in the extraordinary position of having to fend off an attack while under your supposed protection. I assure you there will not be a third. Do not seek to spice the dish of your abject failure to perform your base function with insubordination as well. Now as your Prince and Sovereign I command you….” Castiel bit off. “Let. Him.
Gabriel looked at him snidely, tilting his head forward and cocking is right eyebrow. “What?” Castiel asked hesitantly as a slow smile spread over Gabriel’s face like a knife being pulled from its sheath.
Maeghara bowed. “The God sees you Godspeaker. And as we wait….” She took Dee-Ann’s arm, tugging him forward. “…You see this one? I wish it bathed and fed and dressed in cotton; with shoes on its feet and charm beads in its godbraided hair. For health and beauty and obedience. You will please me and the God to grant my desire. I will make an offering in return.”
As the village, with its splintered, weathered Godpost dwindled into the heat hazed distance behind the Caravan, the tall trader Maeghara said – her hand warm and secure on Dee-Ann’s shoulder:
It had been almost a year. He knew this word now. There had been a few letters from the road. Instructions and wagons of merchandise and coin which had arrived. But never enough. And never any indication when they would return.
As was custom, all his elder Sisters and brothers had preceded him; each walking down the center of the chamber with their retinues; before halting before the Godspeaker to be blessed. Standing as he was on the other side of the heavy oak doors that led from their private parlor to the Keep; he couldn’t see their processions. But he could hear the crowd’s reactions to the various elaborate costumes and theatrics as each of them entered.
“Tcha! Slave? Dee-Ann is not slave. I have name. I wear clothes. I ride with Maeghara on her camel.” He said.
Now the Woman sounded like one of her skin and bone dogs. Slavering beasts who fought for bits of offal in the stony yard behind their hovel. The child flinched. He hated those dogs almost as much as he hated the Woman. It was a bright flame, his hatred; hidden deep and safe from the Woman’s sight. She would kill him if she saw it. She would take him by one skinny scabbed ankle and smash him against the nearest rock. She’d done it to a dog once that had dared to growl at her. The other dogs had lapped up its brains, then fought over the bloody carcass all through the long unheated night. On his threadbare blanket beneath the kitchen table, he had fallen asleep to the sound of their teeth; and dreamed the bones they gnawed on were his own. But dangerous or not, he refused to abandon his hate. It was the only thing he owned. It comforted and nourished him, filling his aching; empty belly on the nights he didn’t eat. Because the man’s legs were spread. Or his labors were unfinished. Or the Woman was drunk on Cactus Blood and beating him.
She was laughing at him. But he did not care. He began the complex sequence of steps, and he almost managed it. But he overbalanced and he found himself in the dirt once more. She offered him a hand. He did not take it.
He managed to crest the hill easily enough. But it had taken more out of him than he would have liked to imagine. He stumbled a little off the road and sat down to lean his back against a tree trunk.
They came to a place where tall red wooden Godposts had been set into the ground. A skinny slave was nailed alive to one of them, with his belly cut open; and all his gizzards spilling free. His ankles were broken. His eyes were put out. He wore nothing, save for a blanket of flies. Dee-Ann knew he lived only by the horrible sounds he made. His begging for the God to let him die.
How long he knelt there, he did not know. The God did not speak to him. Or if it did he could not hear it.
He watched in the mirror as Gabriel flicked a finger and a boy slave came walking in, obviously struggling to maintain his hold on the box he was carrying. It was an ornate thing of wood inlaid with mother of pearl, and Castiel recognized their family’s crest emblazoned on the top. Gabriel waited for the slave to leave and shut the door behind him before turning back to the box. Pulling a tiny knife – the blade no bigger than the nail on his little finger – from a cleverly concealed spot on the box, Gabriel pierced the pad of his thumb with it and pressed the flesh until a fat drop of blood pooled there. And wincing, he touched his finger to the Crest laid into the wood. The entire sigil lit up with an unearthly grey green glow. And with a small puff of air almost like a sigh, the whisper of Godbreath sealing the box blew away. It was a clever design – devised many generations before – to ensure that only a member of Castiel’s Blood could open such boxes. Castiel leaned forward as Gabriel flipped back the lid of the box to reveal the most magnificent necklace he had ever seen.
” he said finally, when his friend refused to meet his eyes. His voice was not raised, but it was firm. Tran looked at him before straightening up. He said something in a language Castiel didn’t understand, but he’d heard Tran say it enough times that its meaning was plain as milk. It was the word Tran used when he wanted all the other slaves to disperse.
As he looked at her, her hands – scrawny and wrinkled, with nails painted black and long enough to almost be claws – reached up to pull back her hood. The narrow face revealed by the effort was like a witch caricature drawn by a child. Sunken cheeks and an overlong nose, her skin appeared yellowed, like parchment and was mottled with veins. Her eyes were the color of rain and appeared sharp and keen; her narrow mouth pulled into a hard line. Her hair had been braided in a halo around her head, with the full length of it left to cascade down her front. It was gray and coarse hair like matted spiderwebs.
was only made more apparent by the fact that he was taller than Castiel by a full head and a hand. More details became apparent as Castiel looked up at him. The Scorpion amulet at his forehead – its raised tail weeping a ruby of poison – had been polished to a high shine.  And he wore a necklace fashioned from the skeleton of a snake; its striking mouth with its wicked teeth curling beneath his chin.
"She's a Harrowspex." Gabriel explained. His tone was soothing, and he held his hands as if he were kneading an invisible ball of dough. "A weirding woman of her people. I've known her for years."
Sniffing against the cold, Castiel rubbed his hands together as he stepped closer to the huge stone fireplace that faced his bed. The fire had burned itself out in the night, but the servants always made sure there was a small pile of logs on hand. Castiel’s habit of reading into the small hours was rather well known throughout the palace, and he’d long since taken over the duty of keeping the fire burning himself. It didn’t seem fair to make some poor servant sit up through the night just to keep him warm.
"Come now. Don't talk like that." Gabriel said urging him to a seat and pouring him a generous glass of wine. "For all we know all of this is just poppycock and superstitions. We didn't know anything about the Southerners. And look how well that's  turned out."
“That will come.” Said Maeghara. “For now let him touch the world. Let it become more real. Something to be embraced. Not feared. If he is to make my fortune he…”
“Kill me then.” He said meeting her gaze squarely. “You will have no sport from me. And may the Light burn your Soul into the seventh Hell…..” he said closing his eyes and letting his body go limp waiting for the blades to open his flesh and be done with it…
“I think I have. Isn’t that what Et-Haravelle used to be called? There was a skirmish of some sort. A noble house that went renegade and made an attempt on the Queen’s life?” Castiel asked.
“Yes Mistress.” Said the slave Ashar, smiling as though he knew a secret. He clapped his hands, and moments later a short slave with gray godbraids and lines on his face appeared. His robes were wool, and dyed a soft yellow. “Naga! Take this Dee-Ann below the stairs. See to his comfort and settle him in the single chamber.”
With his head tilted back so his godbraids tickled the camel’s shoulder, Dee-Ann looked passed the city’s climbing buildings to the Godhouse at its very top. The Godhouse’s Godpost was so tall, that even from so far below he could see its stinging scorpion, tail raised to strike the wicked sinner. He felt his voice shrivel in his throat.
“Just answer me this….” Dee-Ann said. His tone wasn’t harsh nor was it pleading. If anything he sounded sad.
Each charm, and amulet had to be touched with fingers or lips or tongue, or a charm pulled from a pocket or set into a ring. With every touch, a wisp of green Godsbreath drifted into the air. Only when the Godsbreath was blown away, was the charm or amulet safe to unstring from its leather thong, and only then if the
!" he snarled, pushing Dee-Ann's face away and straightening up to his full height. Dee-Ann shuddered. One some level he'd known of course, but it was another to hear it confirmed.
The witch sat braiding yet more strings. She had a spool of the rough hewn thread, and a box of amulets. She closed her eyes, breathing deeply as she measured another string, before threading it with amulets and bells and....
He loved the night. He loved the fire. In the darkness of the woods it felt like they were the only two people in the world. But as the intensity of Dee-Ann’s passion continued to wash over him, he found he wanted
“You’re right. But I do want those maps.” He said leaning his head to the side so Tran’s nimble fingers could gather his hair out of the way and massage a particularly sore spot.
What followed was a strange kind of dance, consisting of both Castiel and Dee-Ann – still kissing – trying to move to the tent. The idea of any separation between their bodies was a sacrilege, and it was Castiel who eventually guided them down on top of his cloak which had been spread out next to the fire. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dee-Ann’s back, hands moving in slow circles to keep him close but also to explore. Now that he had – ostensibly – been given the liberty to touch, he was filled with an indescribable need to caress every inch of him. Dee-Ann moans into their kiss, wet and getting a little messy in their desire. But though he could feel the delicious and enticing warmth of Dee-Ann’s body, his fingers were hampered by the offensive interference of the fabric of his clothes. He gritted his teeth, wanting to rip it away. Wanting there to be nothing separating them. He wanted his skin.
act. It was like a stone thrown into the clear waters of my mind. And ripples of destiny and fate have been sounding all over the world ever since."
She did not understand. Dee-Ann linked his fingers behind his back. "Maeghara. Dee-Ann is thinking. I want to be a Trader. I want to help you in your work, and sit by your side."
Maeghara and Derubeis led the caravan to the center of the town; where the buildings opened up into a large square. Large buildings lined the square. One was a Godhouse, its doors and windows lined with stinging scorpions and striking snakes. Here were scattered bushes of flowers, and water bubbling inside a ring of white stone. Some of it splattering unused on the ground. Dee-Ann couldn’t believe it. If he had ever wasted so much the woman would not have waited for the Godspeaker. She would have broken his body herself and tossed it to her dogs.
“Exactly so.” She answered him. “No civilized woman will argue with a slave, or attempt to enter an unattended door. Such an arrangement prevents unpleasantness.”
…and pushing everyone else out. It did nothing to allay his feeling of unease that she looked better suited to a battlefield than to a throne, sitting as she was dressed in full plate armor. But unlike Annanakiel and the rest of his sisters’ armor, what The Queen had chosen for the occasion carried an air of deadliness that – to Castiel – seemed almost sinister. He imagined to the Southern Envoys, it might seem an odd choice for the woman known throughout the lands as the Queen of Light to clothe herself entirely in black. But then, there were many things about the Queen Castiel found odd.
“Make yourself comfortable. And please finish dressing properly. I’ll be back in a moment.” She said wearily.
“It’s time. You have to take your place in the procession.” Gabriel said earnestly as a Body Servant rearranged his skirts and another helped disentangle an earring which had become caught in his hair.
"Never met her. I only been as far the border me. They're a cagy lot them Westerners. Don't much like Foreigners treadin they lands." Joh said. But her voice was tinged with something. Something like awe. Or fear.
“Bet havin’ this many strangers right up on her doorstep will give the ole Bitch some fat to chew. May she choke on it and rot in hell.” She said slapping her knee where she sat across from Dee-Ann. They were alone for the moment. The girl Chaala would be joining them soon. Dee-Ann half shrugged. He did not know what to say. The woman Bara-Bhur was not happy that soon he would be leaving them. He was the best Cook brat she had. She had pressed him several times if he was still resolute to leave when they arrived at Et-Novakar, and expressed that she wanted him for the girl Chaala. But she was just a small woman in a small troupe of dancers and singers. Her want did not matter. She was a small, nothing sort of a person; whose life left no footprints on the world. Not like a Warlord.
But though he was no longer inside him, Dee-Ann didn’t go far. He rested his head against Castiel’s shoulder, draping an arm over his chest and tangling their legs together. Castiel rolls him gently over onto his back, before pushing himself – a little stiffly – to his feet. He rinses himself with water from a bladder, using the tunic he’d worn that day as a makeshift towel to scrub his seed from his chest. He can tell he will be sore in the morning. But just the he felt as if he was floating. Grabbing a blanket from the tent, he tossed another log onto the fire before opening the blanket and settling down next to Dee-Ann. It’s obvious he is about to fall asleep. But Castiel find he can’t help himself. He steals another quick kiss, before settling his head on Dee-Ann’s chest, shaking his hair out behind him and covering them in the blanket. He groans in pleasure as Dee-Ann sleepily wraps his arms around Castiel, and falls asleep.
“Silver coins from a dead woman’s pocket.” El-Don said simply. “The silver will help stop the spread of the venom in the wound. It repels it somehow. Any luck, he’ll pull through without becoming one of those things.”
“You heard Mega monkey. Eat! If you don’t eat there will be no meat on your bones and the good coin we paid for you will be for nothing!” Derubeis said pointing at his plate.
“What are those?” Dee-Ann asked, settling his eyes on strange, glinting bits of metal just visible in the bandage on Castiel’s neck.
For a moment the world turns white, and stars sparkle behind his closed lids. He feels Castiel’s weight fall forward onto him, and he manages to pucker his lips when Castiel pulls him in for a messy kiss. They lay there for a moment longer, Castiel still speared on Dee-Ann’s softening cock; trying to catch their breath.
He remembered the last time he had seen it. That long ago night that Maeghara and Stupid Derubeis had delivered him to the God from the Savage East.
“Yes Maeghara.” He said trusting her. Her word was her word. She kept him safe. The man and others, took him to a white house two streets away. Its lizard roof had scales of blue and yellow. Inside the floor was made of wood. Did so many trees grow anywhere to be cut down and turned into houses? And top of the wood were large squares of colored wool; soft beneath his feet. The men hurried him to a room with no windows. Sunk into its floor was a deep round hole, easily six woman paces across; lined with smooth stones. Stone steps led down into it. The man, Bisla, rang a bell. A moment later, a large slave appeared at the door. She was bare chested. She wore loose green trousers and red shoes with pointy toes.
Again his mind flashed to the memory of his dream. Of lips pressed firmly against his. It was so vivid. He shook his head. It was a cruel dream. His mind trying to supply him with his heart’s fondest desire. Deep in his chest he felt a pin pick of pain. Though he didn’t have long to dwell in self-pity as the door to the little cottage opened and El-Don strode in carrying a basket full of herbs.
“Yes.” She said and the look of anguish washed over her face again. For a short while neither of them spoke. He had never heard of such a thing. In the Village in the Savage East, the Woman would often accuse her Daughters of fucking with other women as a way of demeaning them when they had displeased her. But Dee-Ann had always understood it only to be an insult. He did not know there were actually Women who were not interested in cock. Did that mean there were men who did not want to fuck women? Aaaaaiiiiiieeeeeee!!!! He had come a long way from the dirty he-brat squatting under the table, but there was still so much of this world that remained a complete mystery to him.
“That’s not going to happen to me. Not that it matters much either way now.” Tran said in the same dejected monotone he’d been speaking in.
It was only when he felt his chest burning that he realized he’d been holding his breath. He sat there for a few moments. His legs were protesting. He wasn’t used to this much exercise, and the added weight and heat of his hair wrapped around his neck – not to mention the scarf Tran had knotted around him – was making him sweat. He could hear voices chattering from the room next door through a vent screwed into the wall near the floor. He nodded. Many of these rooms would grow damp and close without proper ventilation.
At this Dee-Ann did turn. Though the expression behind his eyes was like distant thunder. He was smiling, but there was no humor in it.
“I don’t see how he couldn’t have.” Gabriel said squinting to thread a beading needle. “Our mother is many things, but discreet in her….affections….hardly numbers among them.”
It was a single piece of stone that had been carved in the shape of a Scorpion. Castiel wasn’t sure if he had ever seen a stone like it before. It seemed at first glance to be black, but as he held it up to the light he noticed that it contained flecks of amber and gold and crimson as well.
She lifted the flap of the tent and walked in, holding a plate of food. She did not look at him immediately, turning to close the flap of the tent behind her.
Rubi had kissed her amulet so hard it had bit into her flesh. A small line of blood dribbled down her chin. She touched the blood and stared at the bright spot with horror, leaning over to push her finger in Maeghara’s face.
I'm tacking a little bit of Dean's story onto the end of this. Promise there will be a longer and more in-depth chapter for Dean tomorrow. As always, feel free to drop me a comment, I respond to every single one. And if you have any questions or comments - I know this world I'm writing in is very strange - please let me know. With that said let's get it!
Without thinking his hand traveled to his chest, feeling for the familiar weight of the amulet around his neck. Having thrown it across the room, he’d had to crawl on all fours to retrieve it later. He had grown accustomed to wearing it and didn’t like to be without it, no matter how useless the Harrowspex’s prognostications had been.
Gord-Ahn had Dee-Ann by the neck, one arm around his chest to incapacitate him, the other hand buried in his hair.
….somehow. And for what felt like the first time, Castiel was reminded how young he actually was. For Dee-Ann usually came across much older in his bearing and manner.
Maeghara leaned down and tugged one of his godbraids with a smirk. “Slaves have no names Dee-Ann. Not until their Mistress gives them one with the giving of the scarlet slave braid.”
As the God desired, the Godspeaker Caravan left Et-Haravelle the next newsun. Dee-Ann rode with Maeghara and Derubeis at the rear in open wagon pulled by a team of stolid oxen. Behind them Obid and her fellow slave pulled the cart that carried Maeghara and Derubeis’ possessions and wealth. He watched Obid sweat and strain, and smiled so she could see.
“You have no idea what it was like.” Dee-Ann began, a verdigris of pain shadowing his features. “I keep seeing you…..” he said softly, his voice sounding very small. “….laying there. Your life was bleeding out of you and I was completely powerless to stop it.”
One the third night, they found a borough in a small clearing in the woods that was nicely shielded from view. There were high trees all around, with thick bushes and brambles all around them. It would have been cozy, with the fire and the stars overhead, were it not for the dreadful air of melancholy and anger that hung between them. Castiel fished in his bag and handed Dee-Ann the last of the honey cakes El-Don had made them.
Shuddering, he remembered  that runaway slave in Et-Haravelle city. The sound of his babbling agony. The flies is the slashed open cavity of his belly. If he ran and was caught, that would be his fate as well. He would die in agony as that slave had died. Running was only the first part. He had to run to somewhere. Somewhere safe where he could hide and make a new life. But where?
“The God hid me in its Eye. No one saw me. When I found the door locked it was simple enough to prize it open.” He continued making a vague turning gesture with his hand. Without thinking Castiel moved to step forward and Dee-Ann instinctively backed away, though his heel caught on an uneven stone and he looked poise to fall flat on his back. He groped wildly for anything and – moving quickly – Castiel reached out his hand.
Castiel marched back to his chambers at double speed. He had had enough of the cumbersome gown, and his hair was a tangled mess. Heaving the long train over his right arm, he could hear his guards in their armor struggling to keep pace with him as he practically charged up the stairs toward his chambers.
” Tran cut in. “From the first day I saw you. Your smile. Your laugh. So much so I would’ve killed you for not wanting me!” he practically shouted. He gave two shuddering sobs before steeling himself with a breath.
“Had this miscreant harmed you?” she asked through gritted teeth, sneering at Dee-Ann whose head lolled on his shoulders as the Captain shook him violently.
Castiel did not hesitate. He took the black cord in his hand. And just for a moment, he felt a feeling of profound dread. The texture felt all wrong in his hands. And the star amulet seemed silently to scream.
He lost himself for a moment, remembering the blazingly hot warmth and tightness of Castiel’s body squeezed around his cock.
trouble Mega?” she asked sourly as she watched Maeghara settle herself on the blanket and portion out food and drink for two.
He noticed with distaste that one of the tributes was unmistakably from House Sha-Tan. Li-Illitur’s tribute.
Dee-Ann’s hands never leave him, not even to touch himself. Even though Castiel could feel just how much he must long for physical contact himself. His hands continue touching Castiel’s body. They touch his legs, fingers kneading and massaging. They’re on his hips, pulling Castiel’s cock even deeper into his throat and pulling so many grunts and heavy sighs from him it becomes a language all its own. They move for his sides, caressing and holding, claiming him as cherished. As
He felt air whooshing over his head. Were they outside? Had they made it? He tried to look for the sun. But all he could see was Dee-Ann. He felt something rough against his cheek and realized it was his tunic. Dee-Ann was carrying him? He thought how nice it would be to sleep just a little. Just a tiny nap, but he was interrupted when Dee-Ann slapped him.
spirit.” He said motioning with his hands and speaking in a voice like he was play acting for a child.
“There are plots afoot in this Palace Gabriel. I heard it with my own two ears. And it involves some powerful people.” Castiel explained. He didn’t mention his nightmares or his visions that he had had of the future. Gabriel was very touchy about the fact that he had no inherent powers of his own. “Gabriel I’m close to something I can feel it. If you would just let me show you some of what I have uncovered.” Castiel said emphatically.
“Aaaaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeee!!!!!!!” the old woman hitched up her shawl. It was sewn with so many amulets that it kept trying to slide off her bony shoulders and rattle to the booth’s frayed carpeted floor. “The savage East. That is why the child is fearless. That is why it stands before me with its head held high.”
Gossip in the kitchen. Slaves talking about other slaves in the Bazaar. In the Slaughter district. With tales of Et-Novakar warlord, who was also a Queen. Tales of her beautiful Palace and the city of Light.
“Come on. We shouldn’t linger here.” Tran said softly once the coach was out of sight. Castiel followed, still looking around the street. It was empty. Dead quiet. But not the natural stillness of the quiet time or a holiday. This was an abiding desolation that seemed to have settled over the entire area. As if it had been abandoned in lieu of some kind of political disaster. Or plague.
“I am fine. No thanks to you” Castiel said never taking his eyes from the Godspeaker. “But hear me. This man is not to be allowed near me. Or any person who is close to me. I do not wish to see him or hear him. And he is never to set foot in my chambers ever again.”
“Trader Maeghara?” the old woman said. “Returned from the road? The God sees me. Maeghara is Et-Banotaj’s daughter. Beloved of the God. What is your name? And where are you from?”
He looked hard. Yes, there was a name there. The stupid tutor had taught him to write his own name. And Maeghara's, and Derubeis. He frowned at it.
When she returned she seemed more calm, though she still did not look him in his face. Dee-Ann had redressed himself and sat, still brandishing the knife, on his heels. He was ready to launch himself at her if she tried to attack him. He had been wrong. This was not what the God wished. If she tried to touch him he would stab her with the knife and run into the night.
Listening, the child felt contempt. Where was the man’s flame? Did he even have one? Weeping. Begging. Didn’t he know this was what the Woman wanted? To see him broken and bleating in the dirt? The man should die first! But he wouldn’t. He was weak. All men were weak. Everywhere in the village the child saw it. Even the men who’s seeded only Daughters. Who looked down on the men who’d seeded he-brats as well. Who watched the Godspeaker stone the cursed witches, who spewed forth nothing but male flesh. Even those men were weak.
“How in the Light did you manage to change so quickly?” Castiel asked letting go of his now limp cock and squeezing a sponge of scalding water over his head.
He traced his fingers through the tufts of hair that were sprouting from under his arms and over the skin near his elbows. The same soft hair that had begun to appear on his legs and even his toes. There was a slightly darker shadow of hair above his cock. He traced his fingers through the soft hair, then took his cock in hand and turned it this way and that. His cock had gotten larger too, his stones had dropped further from his body. He hadn’t told anyone. But his cock had taken on a habit of standing up straight from his body like a scorpion tail ready to sting. Always in the mornings, but sometimes at the oddest times during the day as well.
“Kufu Godspeaker.” He said finally, as they rounded the corner to the small bed chamber in the North Tower. It was a strange place for someone of such apparent eminence to be housed. Guests of any caliber were always housed in the newer and far more elaborate West Wing; with its bubbling fountains and colored glass galleries that painted the world in every color imaginable. The North Wing was older, less ornate and – Castiel knew but did not suspect many did – had once been the Palace prison. As such it hardly offered much in the way of luxury, and the windows were barely wide enough for a master archer to loose a single arrow. As such it was nowadays usually reserved for lower ranking political guests, or the younger siblings and retinues of important women housed elsewhere.
“May the Light find you and See you always. May it keep you in its Protective Eye.” The intoned together.
Moving against the walls so he was under the windows and hidden from any errant blades of moonlight, he inched his way around the corner so he could stare down the length of the antechamber. He spotted them instantly.
“Light see you my lord.” a young slave boy said as soon as he appeared. He was one of the new ones. He had memorized the appropriate greeting, but he forgot to bow his head. Instead he stood looking at Castiel with a mix of fear and awe. Castiel softened his expression with a smile.
“No!” she said then quickly made a motion with her hand to keep him quiet when she saw the murderous rage flash through his eyes. “I mean….you are very well shaped. I just……what I mean is…..that is…of course you are…pleasing I mean, it’s just that I don’t…”
Castiel made to put his hands out and move closer but Tran stopped him, his eyes widening and he waved the knife. It wasn’t a threat so much as a clear statement for Castiel to remain where he was.
Forcing himself to move despite the searing pain, Castiel scrambled to his feet and ran to Dee-Ann. Where he was, Dee-Ann had managed to topple his chair on its side as he’d struggled, and Castiel began furiously pulling at the bindings still keeping him trapped to the chair.
“You have chosen me.” He told the God. “You will bring me to your city. Now you must show me why I am brought. What it is that I will do for you there.”
Castiel caught Tran short of stumbling, unable to keep from chuckling. “I hope you’ve enjoyed your nameday?”
“This is the outer rim. Mostly work houses and the like. It’s where people end up when they have nowhere else to go.” He said.
“Do you really think I need eyes to see? Ears to hear?” she asked. He didn’t take her meaning but he didn’t know what to say.
Castiel nodded. It was plausible enough. Unlike many of the men who’d married women of his mother’s Blood; Castiel’s father had taken his position as Sun King – as the peasants called him – very seriously. A pious man, he’d devoted much of his time to bringing the Light to the dark corners of the world.
Dee-Ann it seemed, did not need to be told twice, snapping his hips forward in earnest and finding Castiel’s cock with one hand. Castiel feels himself tipping over the edge, thunder clapping through him and turning the black of night white all around him. He can’t help the sounds he’s making now, straining out Dee-Ann’s name as waves of built up need spill out of him, crashing over a shore of desires finally relieved. Unbidden, his tattoos spring to life, glowing bright white against his skin and enveloping them in golden light…..as Castiel spills ropes of seed over his belly with a blissful moan that is almost a scream.
-	Oral/manual stimulation of the clitoris also results in orgasm. Without semen to help stimulate the seal – during masturbation or lesbian sex - the egg simply runs out along with the rest of her juices; not unlike semen when men jerk off.
“Sacrifice is a good idea Rubi. Deaf you may be to the Godbones, but never deaf to the God.” Maeghara said. Derubeis’ miserable face brightened. She always smiled when Maeghara told her something good about herself.
“The God sees your gift Trader Maeghara. The God is pleased. Ask one thing of the God, and that one thing shall be granted.” The Godspeaker said. As Derubeis gasped, Maeghara bowed low to the Godspeaker.
“There child. You are properly clean. Isn’t that better?” Bisla asked. Dee-Ann nodded. Properly clean was another thing too big for good. What had the man said? Wonderful.
…rich and deep and oh-so inviting. He nuzzled at the softness of Dee-Ann’s inner thighs, smiling as Dee-Ann spread his legs to allow him better access. The knowledge that his face was so close to Dee-Ann’s cock was heady, and Castiel finally allowed himself to have a
He was young to be a High Godspeaker, barely past forty. He was bones and skin and godbraids, with a cold hard face. His burning eyes were fixed upon the God. The black Scorpion pectoral strapped to his naked chest glowed with flecks of gold and crimson. The fiery passion and fierceness of his absolute devotion was written across his every feature. Nine seasons before, he had walked unaided from the Godhouse of Et-Novakar's Scorpion Pit; the God's choice as its High Godspeaker in the world. Eight of his fellow Godspeakers had died in that choosing; deluded by demons and lost to freeze in Hell. The Reverend Mother had been there of course. And even as he had walked, his skin dripping blood and venom; she had known this was a man she would come to despise and admire in equal measure.
The Trader made a small disbelieving sound. She’d done something to her eyebrows. Instead of being a thick, tangled bar like the Woman’s; they arched above her eyes in two solid gold half circles. The child stared at them, fascinated; as the Trader leaned down and brought her pale face next to his. He wanted to stroke the scarlet scorpion inked into her cheek. Steal some of her protection in case she did not buy him. Her long slender fingers, tugged on his earlobes, traced the shape of his skull, his nose, his cheeks, pushed back his lips and felt all his teeth. She tasted of salt and things he did not know. She smelled like freedom.
“I should love to know how! You haven’t let me get a word in since you arrived!” Castiel snapped. He worked hard to school his face. He really didn’t feel like dealing with Gabriel’s dramatics just then. But at the same time, he didn’t want to bark some thoughtless remark and make things worse.
its precious and beautiful slave to kiss and suck and fuck and touch and sleep with Castiel…it would have stopped him! That
He raced across the courtyard until he reached the lowest tip of the Great Keep. His mother had several administrative edifices spread around the Palace, but her most private documents and things meant for her eyes only would surely be kept in her Offices closest to her bedchamber. Far on the other side of the courtyard, he could hear the bustle of the “Gypsy” camp – as he and Gabriel had taken to calling it – carried on the biting breeze. He could see the glow of many fires. There was a small part of him that would’ve liked a closer look. But he could not afford to be diverted from his task. And he would need to concoct a far more convincing costume than this…
He had always been lean, but recently his body had taken on a strange, Coltish quality. And he was not yet accustomed to his ever increasing height. Only last month the Palace tailors had wept at having to remake nearly all his clothes. Nothing fit him anymore. His feet were too large and his elbows seemed to constantly bump into everything. His sisters and Tran had all assured him this was the natural way. They said he was blossoming. But to Castiel it seemed a strange description for…this. His body did not feel like his own. The hair on his arms and legs had grown thicker. But it seemed as if every day there was more hair to be found in the strangest places. Thin tufts of it had appeared on his chest, beneath his arms and even his chin. Not to mention above his cock. Which was another story altogether.
“I should never have said what I did.” Dee-Ann said closing his eyes and frowning. “I wanted…..I shouldn’t have said it.”
Castiel cries out, and Dee-Ann’s chest is painted in his seed; the clutching motion of his arse around Dee-Ann’s cock giving him the final push he needed. A few more deep, bruising, animalistic thrusts…..and Dee-Ann empties himself into Castiel.
After Highsun on the twenty second day, they came to a road that twisted and turned like a snake, then plunged downward over a sharp jutting edge.
"Dee-Ann is graceful. And beautiful." said Maeghara looking at him with pleasure in her eyes. " you must continue to practice and to do your lessons with your tutor Dee-Ann. I look forward to seeing your progress when we return."
“I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to taste you.” Dee-Ann said nuzzling the base of Castiel’s cock and teasing his fingertips over his stones. He felt Castiel' entire body grow rigid for a second, as if he was fighting hard to remain in control of himself. Dee-Ann smiles at that, relishing the prospect of taking away that control.
He chastised himself. It wasn’t their fault. The gown had a ridiculously long train for something intended for wear in the daytime. He didn’t know how the men of Et-Jokriel did anything at all other than sit around sipping the tea the province was known for. Ever since his betrothal portraits had been sent to all corners of Mijak, it had become custom for Castiel to wear ensembles made up entirely of tribute sent by prospective suitors whenever he appeared in public. Apparently it was important that no one province be visibly favored over another until the official announcement during the Queen’s upcoming nameday celebrations.
"I have no interest in debating the role of the Godspeakers in this. I brought you here to warn you, As I warned you, years ago. The night I was driven from my bed. A vision more powerful than any I had received in over three decades. I wrote to you immediately...." she said. "A completely
Tally spindly treed with whippy branches crowded close on either side, flogging their faces and arms and legs. The camels complained with every step, and Maeghara tightened her arm around Dee-Ann’s middle; leaning back as they reached the bottom. He gasped then they reached it finally. Here was
That dead girl was hung from the Village Godpost until she turned to leather. Then every dwelling in the village had to keep her under their roof for a Godmoon. Once every dwelling had housed her, that girl was returned to her family. And her family was driven onto the Anvil.
Laid out on wooden tables and dangling from ropes stretched above his head. Some of the amulets were as large as a fist. Others were smaller than his smallest fingernail. Some were carved out of bone, or fashioned from lizard skulls and snake skulls; and even fleshless human fingers. The bones and skulls were banded in bronze, in silver, in
“Better skin and bone in Et-Banotaj than dead on the road.” Maeghara said. “The God saw us Rubi when it sent us that chosen slave. No other price would buy us the protection of a Godspeaker caravan.”
“Castiel!” he heard a voice call out as soon as he was inside. Castiel looked to see his favorite brother waving at him from across the room.
“You husband. Chaala’s father.” He said. He did not ask. The question was plain. The woman Bara-Bhur drank from her tankard deeply, wiping her mouth on her sleeve before looking deep into the flames. Painful past was written in her eyes as she said simply.
“My point is….if you are laboring under the impression that no one has taken notice of your seeming lack of even the remotest interest in women, you’re wrong.” Gabriel finished as if he had never spoken.
“Take these ones and the cart to the villa’s rear entrance Nim. Help them unload the coin boxes into the strong room, then see them to the Slave’s quarters for food and a mattress. We will see no visitors tonight.”
"Yes……" Castiel warbled softly, clenching his eyes shut and clutching Dee-Ann's head to his chest tightly.  "Keep going. I want to feel you."
He raised his hands, feeding power into his tattoos and pulsing with light. Gord-Ahn snarled again, but didn’t leap; his mouth splitting open far wider than any human could manage to fully reveal his maw of silvery white teeth. With a sound that somehow communicated frustration, Castiel watched as he wall crawled like some kind of spider across the room, then with a swish of fabric; saw him begin to extinguish the various lanterns hung around them.
Naked as a plucked chicken, he walked to the bedroll Chaala had made ready for herself and laid down on it. The cool night air pebbled his skin like the skin of a goose, but he ignored it. He turned so he was facing the mouth of the tent, propping his right arm on the pillows and leaning his head in his hand the way he had seen Maeghara and Derubeis do when they were lounging in the parlor of the villa. He crooked his left leg and wedged his foot in the bend of his right knee to keep himself upright. His free left hand, he drew along the inside of his thigh, caressing his stones and working his fingers along the length of his soft cock to make the flesh quicken. His breath stuttered and his heart thrummed as he toyed the silken skin around the heart shaped head of his cock, teasing the pad of his thumb into the delicate slit and spreading the small bead of moisture there over his cock with a shiver of pleasure.
He ducked back into the room he’d hidden in before and shut the door, looking around for the vent he’d heard the voices through earlier. Crouching as low to the ground as he could get, he pressed his ear against the vent, closing his eyes so he could listen.
It was only once the flames began to die down that Castiel could hear the litany of screams and curses that Gord-Ahn was showering on him. But he didn’t care. His entire world had settled in his arms and legs, which were screaming in agony from the raw and blistered skin.
He parted his lips and sheathed Dee-Ann’s cock in his mouth, swirling his tongue around and around – soliciting a symphony of gasps and hard breaths and muttered curses from Dee-Ann – before
“I have no idea. Perhaps someone from the Sisterhood? A member of the Southern Delegation?” Castiel suggested.
Maeghara  picked up a large clay tablet from the couch next to her. She held it out to him and said: "Read this out loud for me."
"Go up the stairs without permission into the villa, and you'll be beaten."  she said. From the tone of her voice he could tell she wished there would be a beating.
She led her deeper into the tents to a smaller one in the middle. She lifted the flap and motioned him in.
He felt it. The exact moment the sun appeared from behind the horizon. Like a drumbeat somewhere deep within him. Sounding briefly then vanishing.
on either side of his head and his feet were starting to ache in his pointed boots. He motioned for the slave waving a large feather fan over him and his brothers to move a bit faster and motioned for Tran – the only Body Slave allowed to serve him in settings such as this – to bring him something cool to drink. No matter the best efforts of the Palace slaves, between the fireplaces, torches and just the sheer amount of people so closely gathered together; the Keep was stiflingly hot, and he could feel a slickness under his arms that meant was body was beginning to pump out sweat. The air was rank with too many different perfumes, not to mention the curlicues of incense bubbling down from the uppermost galleries. Castiel’s eyes were beginning to make water. And he blinked feverishly, desperate not to ruin the Mima’s creation. Tran appeared next to him.
“And just what would a nice Highborn gentleman like you be knowing about Black Anne?” Joh asked looking amused.
“It’s difficult to say exactly. His burns are bad, but not bad enough. The venom in his neck is the greater concern. With a little luck, it is only enough to heal him without infecting him. But it will be impossible to say until…..”
Something uncoiled inside Castiel at the words, and he found – despite being on the brink of tears only seconds before – that he suddenly had to fight to keep from smiling. Though as he rose from his seat and took two deliberate steps toward Dee-Ann, he found his face had grown very hot. Dee-Ann had turned to face him fully, and Castiel allowed himself a moment to admire the lean, sinuous line of his limbs where he stood.
“Fought and bled for her in two of her wars I did. Then I sacrificed two of my daughters to the ones she started when I grew too old and decrepit to do much more fighting. And for what? Her taxes? Some speck of shit on the edge of the map she wanted to claim as her own? Some young bronco she wanted to fuck that weren’t hers to begin with?” the woman said with bile in her voice. “And ain’t it always the way. Were the Queen what done the fuckin. But it were soldiers like me and my daughters what did the dying.”
Stupid Derubeis rolled her eyes. "Oh tell him Mega. Tell him what you should have told him from the beginning and end this." she moaned. With a sneer, Derubeis turned to him directly.
“I thought it was the bargain that I had made with your mother. I told her I was unsullied and that if she took me from Et-Banotaj that I would lick her cunt. Instead she brought me to you and told me to serve you in whatever way you wanted. So….” He said with a shrug. He did not remember when he had dropped the knife from his hand. Only that his knife hand was now free to refill his empty wine cup.
As she walked away towards her tent, Dee-Ann lifted his head and looked to the Godpost at the top of distant Et-Banotaj palace.
“Interesting.” Castiel said to himself. The Crystal Keep was a small wing of the Palace that had been built by Castiel’s great grandmother as a gift to her child husband on their betrothal. Artisans had been brought in from across the land, and a massive cavern had been excavated right into the Mountain behind the Palace in order to provide the raw materials for all the glass they’d needed.
“You didn’t think I’d forgotten did you?” Castiel asked. Tran still looked utterly lost. “Happy nameday Tran.”
And standing over him was Dee-Ann, snarling and panting as if he’d run many miles full out. In his hand, Castiel could see he had the dagger. The dagger Gord-Ahn had meant to slice Dee-Ann’s throat with, to take his life blood and call Li-Illitur. The surface of the blade was caked with very dark blood, and Castiel realized Dee-Ann must have stabbed him.
“Better by your hand, on your terms than……” Gabriel trailed off. “Hen you are my heart, you know that. And I would rather shave my head than see you dead. But the things I’ve heard about the West?” he paused to take an icy breath.
He shook his head. It was a stoning sin to put your body into water. Seasons and seasons ago, when he was a small he-brat; a girl in the village had lost her wit and put her body into the largest drinking well in the village. The Godspeaker had stoned her slowly. One small stone at a time. Leaving her face until last. The God’s wrath had been terrible, opening so many screaming mouths in that girl’s flesh, weeping so many blood tears over that girl's sin; it took only one stone in the eye to finish her.
Hey there my lovelies! Happy yuletide, chrismukkah and Odin's day to you all! And a very happy and fortuitous new year!
By the time Castiel left his storeroom hiding place and made his way back to his tower, the entire Palace had taken on the flat, impenetrable silence of true night. The temptation to run was strong, but he knew he could not. It was all he could do to put one foot in front of the other as he crept back to the safety of his rooms.
“I would tell them that the curse has been lifted from the Moor. The people of Paradin – both living and dead – deserve that much. To
“Yes!.....Yes! I am fortunate! I am blessed!” the man gabbled, rubbing at the bruised place on his chest. The woman shucked her trousers.
“What is this?!” he cried looking into her bird-bright eyes, fear shooting through him. He could not take his attention from the seamed old face, the glistening eyes, the pale gums around silvery metal teeth that flashed as she spoke.
Castiel folded the shards of the comb in the silk again and carefully returned them into the drawer. It had been four months since Tran had killed himself and Castiel still mourned him every day. Reaching deeper into the same drawer that held the comb, he pulled out a small bundle.
horrid Dee-Ann may have taste, if only to continue to give him such pleasure. He licked again, this time just enclosing the very tip of Dee-Ann’s cock with his lips; gathering more of the clear fluid leaking from his slit and swirling it around his mouth.
“The God see you Dee-Ann.” Bennihime said smiling through lips smeared with dirt. Dee-Ann turned his back and walked away. He did not know why his fingers had picked out the bread and cheese, and thrown them at that slave. Give his food to a slave? Talk to a slave? Had a scorpion stung him to do such a thing? He threw his empty bowl in the dirt and sat down in the corner, far away from the merchandise; playing with one of the amulets at the end of his godbraids while he waited for Maeghara’s return.
As he looked over the city, he noticed something strange. In the distance, lining the grand concourse that was one of the widest and most important streets in the entire capital; he could see riders in holding banners and footmen bearing torches. They were lining the street as far as Castiel could see. That was new. It must mean they were expecting someone. Someone important. Perhaps a party from a neighboring Province, come to court the Queen?
Tears gathered in his eyes unbidden, wetting his lashes and he set his jaw harder.  He wanted this. It wasn't just about the sensation and the act anymore. He didn't just want to fuck; he wanted to fuck with Dee-Ann. He knew it was pathetically naïve and romantic, but the truth was he really wanted to give this to Dee-Ann, to share it with him.
After he’d finished bathing, his hair had been wrapped in a towel so the Mima – a more senior Body Servant trained in the art of body painting – could get started on his face, while Tran and two of the other Body Servants could work on his hands. The Mima who arrived was an austere looking man old enough to be Castiel’s grandfather. He had a plain featured face – to which he’d expertly applied paints in vivid hues - with downturned lips, and a full head of graying god braids that reached almost to his waist. He walked bearing a heavy chest that held the tools of his trade. His robes were Oyster silk, shot through with silver thread and embroidered with Castiel’s Blood Crest at the hem and sleeves. The expense of his uniform was a mark of his status. Like Tran, he was one of the few Body Servants in the Palace whom were permitted physical contact with the Queen and her Blood.
“There Mega! You see what you’ve done? It’s become attached!” declared Derubeis, outraged. “You’ve made a pet of it and now it’s got attached!” Derubeis took him by the shoulders and shook him till his eyes rolled. “You be quiet!!! Shall I beat you? Shall I give you to the God? Be quiet with your howling you wretched monkey!”
In his seat, Castiel silently lamented how all the men in his life seemed to have a talent for speaking over him as if he wasn’t even there. But if he fostered any secret hope of returning to the topic of the Truthsayer and Godspeaker Kufu; he knew there was no way around it…
Castiel nodded. The Anvil – as the Bengaresh Desert was colloquially referred to – was an expansive sand and stone desert just beyond the Teeth, that made up their Eastern Border. Its’ soaring temperatures and nigh uninhabitable environment made it an excellent natural defense. The bountiful Eastern territories beyond the Anvil were some of the largest and by far the wildest of all those regions under the command of Et-Novakar. The only problem was the Anvil had never been accurately plotted on any map. It was simply too large and too dangerous. Over the span of generations, countless expeditions had been sent to explore the lands beyond the desert. And all of them had vanished without a trace. The most recent had been only twenty five winters before, and had claimed one of Castiel’s Aunts along with an entire Legion of Et-Novakarian soldiers.
“If it was he certainly enjoyed it. As the story goes, the Warlord only found out about the entire sordid affair after the Bajadek lordling professed his undying love for our mother and flung himself to this death over the battlements.” Gabriel said bending to pick up some sheers and snip off a thread that was sticking out.
“Why would I want to keep things from her?” Castiel asked confused. “Do I even have anything worth keeping?”
Castiel pushed his eyes open at the strange tone in Dee-Ann’s voice. And he realized the blond man was crying. He realized he must be more seriously wounded than he thought if Dee-Ann thought he was dying. He wasn’t. He was just tired. He just needed a little nap. Then he would be fine.
They washed in silence and eventually returned to the camp in similar fashion. It was only once they were dressed, tent packed away and strapping their satchels onto their backs that Castiel turned to him and spoke.
Dee-Ann shifted on his wagon seat to watch the straight backed warriors as they rode by. They did not yield the road to the Godspeakers like every other traveler they had encountered. But they did drop into single file and slow from a canter to a trot.
“Did you see the Bannermen on the Concourse?” Castiel asked. “That they’re standing guard means the Gates are open.”
No. Trying to imagine her as a young girl, whose body did not feel like her own; was like trying to imagine that a mountain had once been a pebble.
“How many godbraids does Maeghara want?” asked the other one, as his comb caught in another knot. Dee-Ann swallowed a cry of pain. He-brats who made noises like that were always sorry. "Even with the God’s help we won’t manage more than thirty before the haggling’s done! Will that be enough?”
He had watched this particular caravan with interest for days. And knew without knowing that this would be his salvation. They were a performing troupe of musicians and dancers and all manner of performers. And their leader moaned daily and nightly about being short handed for all of the tasks that needed doing while they were on the road. Even better, Dee-Ann had heard they were bound for Et-Novakar. Some of the dancers had stolen a bottle of wine and drunk it near Dee-Ann’s tree cave one night, chittering excitedly about performing for the Novakari Queen before getting drunk and fucking in the sand.
“Ah! There you are.” Gabriel said in obvious anger. His face was discolored a rather unsightly shade of pink and it was obvious that his brother was in a mighty huff about something. “Funny. You don’t
He’d come to this man’s cottage in the hope that with his knowledge he might be able to heal Castiel, but he still felt unsure. Only the God had the power to heal wounds like that. But there was no Godspeaker here. And even if there had been, Dee-Ann felt sure their Godstone would hang as limp and lifeless as his own Scorpion necklace. The God was not in this place.
“And then what?” Tran asked. “Will that give Lu-Cas his sister back? Hmm? What would her death serve? To soothe your conscience perhaps. But what more? Look around you. Look where you are. The Light doesn’t reach here. These people depend on her. As repugnant as you or I might find what she does, she serves a very necessary purpose here.”
Dee-Ann like to practice his writing laying flat on his stomach on the floor, with the soft pink carpet tickling his skin. He leapt up while the Slave Ashar walked away and Naga came to escort him.
Even so, she would send for him soon.  She had to.  He was precious.  Surely she must miss him the way he missed her.  So he waited. While he waited he practiced his picture letters and words symbols.  He practiced writing them with a stylus on the wax tablets  the stupid tutor brought with him everyday.  He practiced reading the tablets the tutor left for him at the end of each day. While he was in the garden pulling weeds, raking leaves and spreading balls of chicken shit on the vegetables, he practiced his letters in his head. He would hear the tambourine of the tutor in his mind  and  lightly dance the steps he'd been taught.  He could feel the eyes of the female slaves tracing his every move as he walked and moved and danced. He was beginning to learn that beauty meant eyes on him. Beauty meant lustful women and hungry eyes.  He ignored them. He couldn't care less if slave women wanted to look at him.  His beauty was for Maeghara alone.
?” Gabriel asked indicating the tables and tables where slaves were carefully packing the tributes the nobles had brought before Castiel.
“Weren’t you listening?” Castiel asked finishing his wine. “It would seem I have a wellspring of information about the Queendom, the Noble Houses and the inner workings of the Palace right in front of my nose”
“The rest is history. She tried to assassinate our Mother, who survived and promptly rode out with the Honor Guard and a full legion of Et-Novakari warriors. The rebellion was crushed in the end. But the Warlord got close to exacting her revenge. Mother still bears the scar after all.” Gabriel said snapping open a new box of beads; tapping his neck as he spoke.
He heard Dee-Ann muttering something under his breath, so softly he couldn’t make out the words. It was only when he looked at him that he could see he had his scorpion amulet clutched firmly in one dirt stained hand, and realized he was
In the end, the Caravan had been unable to move for three days, before a fist of Et-Novakar Warriors had found them. They too were traveling on the Queen’s Road to Et-Novakar. Dee-Ann smiled when he saw them, seeing the finger of the God pointing him on its way in the weak sunlight glinting off their skin and leather breastplates. After that they caravanned hard to remain with the Warriors. They navigated a treacherous mountain pass before they met a wall of snow that had filled up a narrow gorge. They made camp there for nearly a week while the warriors and the caravan hacked away at the icy snow and the Harrowing woman continued her strange blessings and sacrifices. The Warriors did not travel with a Godspeaker. Instead their ranks were filled with people unlike any Dee-Ann had ever encountered.
The air was filled with the smell of smoke. Mixed with the smoke was the smell of roasting meat. The smell of too many women intermixed with too many animals to name. All waiting to pass through the gate. All waiting – Dee-Ann knew – for the Godspeaker to give her word that it was a safe day to begin a journey.
"Then you should know." The Reverend Mother said. "For two thousand years we of the Order have hunted the future, honing our skills and developing our powers. We have become practiced at piercing the veil to calculate the most advantageous outcomes. And for two thousand years we have been successful. Guiding the endless cycle of Warlords and nobility to forge the greatest empire the world has ever seen."
Settling in as comfortably as he could manage, Castiel fixed his eye on a spot on the wall and allowed his mind to wander to distant shores on the ship of Anne Bonny.
He looked up to see the old Truthsayer sitting in her chair again regarding him. And somehow, he realized that she had been sitting there all along. Dreamweaver indeed.
Dee-Ann thought the land looked fat. But Maeghara and Derubeis frowned at each other and called it sad. Two fingers passed Highsun they came upon a band of warriors riding back towards Et-Haravelle city. Some wore red and black feathers in their hair, and hunting birds on their leather chests. But others covered their godbraids with caps of spotted gray cat-skins; long tails bouncing down their straight backs. And on their leather chests brilliant greens stones picked out a snarling cat face.
Bobarak sighed, sounding exhausted. "If you have finished I will take to my bed. I have ridden very far to hear more nonsense of all this great knowledge you have that the God has not chosen to share with me..."
“And you.” Castiel answered rising from behind his desk. “I’ll eat in here.” He said leading the way to his front rooms. He didn’t need any prying eyes seeing what he was about in his study.
“Yes! Of course! Beautiful pleases every woman.” The man said. He let himself smile. Pleasing Maeghara was all that mattered. In the mirror he saw his teeth. Pure white in his clean and beautiful face.
From her position at the center of the throne dais, she seemed not simply be sitting in the throne as much as
Castiel kept his eyes screwed shut and held on, trying not to cry. It would get better soon. It would get better soon. He knew if he had to, he could tell Dee-Ann to stop and he would. That knowledge comforted him. It made the pain only something annoyingly inconvenient and not a thing worthy of fear.
“Only that we are to make sure you are properly attired.” Tran said. He kept his tone measured, and his words had obviously been chosen carefully in front of the other Body Servants; but Castiel caught his meaning. Whatever lofty wording the letter bore, the Queen wanted him to look pretty.
Dee-Ann felt his eyes go wide. Twenty high suns? So far away! Had any woman in the village ever traveled so far? He did not think so. While Obid and the other guards settled the camels and slaves for the night, Maeghara and Derubeis unpacked baskets and sacks. He watched for a moment, aware of a growing discomfort. He jiggled, looking round. There was nothing to squat behind. Derubeis noticed, stopped unpacking and tugged at Maeghara’s sleeve.
“I suggest you don’t move boy!” she said evilly, her lips peeling back to smile as she brought her claw-like hands from her robes. He could see a string of beads looped over her splayed fingers, stretched tight between her hands. He gasped. The beads were in the same pattern as the shadows around him.
“Educate it if you must Mega. But do refrain from fondling. As slaves go it might be quick witted, but your pet doesn’t understand as much as you think!” she said, pouring more honey over her corncakes.
“Contains within it the seeds of its own downfall.” Kufu finished for her. “I recall your teachings.”
“Somehow I’ll manage to endure it.” Castiel smiled. His eyes stung as the paint ran into them, and he fell backwards – guided by Tran’s hand behind his head – under the surface of the water so Tran could wipe at his face with a rough cloth.
Castiel wrapped his hand around the base, lifting Dee-Ann’s cock to his chin and sticking out his tongue to kitten lick at his slit, closing his eyes to savor Dee-Ann’s flavor. The taste was unlike anything he’d ever tasted, at once spicy and salty and bitter and thick. He didn’t like it. And he didn’t
But if he stayed here he knew it would only be a matter of time before he was marked with a slave braid. And then he would be a slave. In Mijak's eyes he would be property. Even if he cut iff that slavebraid, his hair would grow back red as blood. A slave braid was given by the God. And it marked you for life.
He did not take his time undressing Dee-Ann, lust and need were beginning to make him eager. Dee-Ann’s chest is a work of art as Castiel finally manages to strip it off. Dee-Ann was still freeing his arms when Castiel lunged forward to pepper him with kisses and take his pink nipple into his mouth. He smiled as he got his first taste of Dee-Ann’s body, tasting the salt of his sweat and that delicious, indefinable flavor that was completely and uniquely
Gabriel had been writing the tales and woes of Isaorah the Slave Boy for nearly as long as Castiel could remember.
This is how rumors get started that can ruin a man’s reputation.” Gabriel cut in. “And people are starting to talk about you. Rumors flew high and low when Tran threw himself from your window.
“So what now?” Castiel asked shrugging as much as he was able to. “Are you going to kill us? Hunt us on the moor so you can add us to one of your nasty little displays?”
Castiel caught a glimpse of tousled blond hair as the hood fell back. In her haste however, the thief had run for the far door into the Keep. He didn’t know whether she knew he was standing right next to another, but he didn’t care. He raced into the Keep, just able to discern the shadowy shape in the distance. She was fast. Obviously a natural runner. He couldn’t afford to lose sight of her. Feeling his anger swell, he let rip.
The great gong sounded again, and Castiel allowed Tessa to help him on his way to the dais. His legs still felt like water but he managed it without toppling over; which he supposed was some species of victory. As he turned to take his seat, he felt a shiver ice its way down his back; and his skin erupted in goose flesh. Momentarily disoriented, he looked up.
The wheel of time turns ever forward. Ages come and pass in the Eye of the God, leaving in their wake memories that become legend. Legends that eventually fade to myth. And even myth, in the fullness of time;  will be forgotten.
She was reclining on a divan in a very luxurious room. But Dee-Ann could not focus on any of its details. He wanted only to see Maeghara. Derubeis was there too, playing with some kind of animal. It was small with overlong arms and a curly tail, and it was covered in a coat of brown and white fur and shrieked and made a terrible racket as Derubeis tried to feed it sugared dates. The animal looked at Dee-Ann before hiding its face in its over large hands. Ridiculously, the animal was wearing a jacket that matched the color of Derubeis robe.
...................................................Castiel who he had allowed to hug him in the night, but never hugged him back.
Castiel shuddered. That had been months ago. But Ardat had assured his mother that Li-Illitur would be in attendance for her nameday celebrations. Angrily, he reached into his dress and gripped the horned necklace from the Harrowspex. He held it in his hand for a moment before ripping the chain from around his neck. He squeezed it in his fist before – cursing himself for a fool – sending it flying across the room.
It was Tran’s slave braid. Expertly braided and knotted with crimson thread, before being gilded and tied into an ornate knot. It was all he had left of him.
“A bauble.” She said, her voice soft and calm. He didn’t know what a bauble was, but he sensed she was trying to make the hot eyed Gatekeeper cool. That was good. He wanted her cool. Something about her reminded him of the Woman. She hated he-brats. He could tell. Her hot eyes frightened him. He hated being frightened. It made him angry. He stared at the white camel neck so she wouldn’t see his anger. The Gatekeeper growled in her throat. She sounded like a dog again.
It was Tran who had eventually all but dragged him bodily out of bed and into a hot bath, assuring him that slow suicide by starvation would serve no one.
With a deep sigh, Maeghara put her hand on Derubeis’ cheek. “I know Rubi. I too am homesick. I will be well pleased when this caravan is over. Do not weep. We will be home soon.”
“A woman of great power.” She explained. “Chosen by the God to rule over lands, and villages and all the people who live there.”
“Oh all right.” Castiel chuckled, flapping his hands as if waving off a fly. “And get up! You look ridiculous down there.”
“I am certain there will be some.” Said the Godspeaker. “Let us wait in the Godhouse while word is sent to bring merchandise for your inspection. I will make sacrifice for your arrival.”
Castiel would’ve been perfectly content to remain in his childhood rooms in the South wing of the Palace. There’d been plenty of colors, and he’d been only a few hallways from the kitchens, and one of the lesser libraries. Not to mention that the nurseries where the younglings were cared for was only across the courtyard so there’d always been someone for him to talk to. Many of the Courtiers in the Provinces and Colonies sent their children to the Capital as wards. So at the very least he’d been able to meet a few children his own age. Then there had been the never ending supply of Servants, Godspeakers, Sacred Tutors and wet nurses. But the Queen was stalwart in her conviction that, with his thirteenth name day approaching, it was no longer appropriate for Castiel to live so close to the other children of the Palace. And just like that, he was exiled to this gloomy tower. They said it was for his protection. For his safety. Which was also the excuse for keeping him away from all his friends. And limiting his appearances in public.
When he was a little boy, Castiel had spent hours laying flat on his back staring up at it. It was – and remained – the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. But that wasn’t why he loved it so. To his child’s mind, it was a physical manifestation of the Light. What he had imagined – ever since – what the God looked like, when he prayed. And though been taught since he’d been weaned from the tit that the Light was always everywhere; Castiel felt
“You needed it. To heal. It’s a curious thing this venom. Taken in too great a quantity, it will overwhelm the host. But in small amounts it can actually be beneficial. Look.” El-Don said picking up Castiel’s arm – without even asking – and unwrapping the bandage. To Castiel’s great surprise, his arm looked all but
Most of it was tedious. And Castiel suspected that the duties left to him were little more than busy work that none of the other members of his Blood wished to do themselves. But it filled his days and – having seen the squalor some people lived in less than an hour’s journey from where he slept – he attempted to perform even the most menial of tasks to the best of his ability.
.” She fretted, dabbing sweat from her forehead. “I wish I had the ears to hear them….Mega! We should spend coins to make sacrifice in Et-Haravelle’s Godhouse. If the Warlords squabble it is because demons prick them! We must make an offering against their wicked wiles!”
Alone now, Dee-Ann set up, scrubbing his hand through his sleep ridged hair. He had no explanation for the strange feelings coursing through him. And yet he felt sick. As if he had been wracked with fever and was still weak. A feeling bordering on nausea wormed around in his stomach. Like remorse. And without warning, his memories from the night before were no longer the delicious culmination of want and need that they had seemed….rather they felt like knives stabbing him, pricking his skin and making him bleed. He sobbed. He didn’t want to regret anything he and Castiel had done together.
“Tessa if it please you.” She said, though her tone brooked no further response as she lead the way.
“It’s yourself you’ll destroy with this everlasting hatred of yours.” Castiel said, pressing his cheek to Tran’s sweaty hair.
Falling to his knees again, Castiel watched as the Godspeaker removed the fist sized Godstone from around his neck, holding it out in front of him as he descended the stairs. As he brought it close to Castiel’s forehead, he could feel his own Godstone around his neck begin to vibrate. The stone glowed bright blue.
The doors at the top of the stairs blasted open and Castiel practically ran through them; his retinue of slaves, guards and body servants trailing behind him like some infernal comet. He could hear several voices calling his name and speaking to him but he was deaf to them. He felt a hand on his arm and he wrenched it free violently. His motion caused his skirts to swish and billow out behind him but he couldn’t slow his desperate pace. As soon as he saw him coming Tran’s face morphed into a mask of concern.
“This….” he continued, brushing his nose against Castiel's and watching him giggle. He let his lips slide down Castiel's throat, nuzzling the dip there in the way he’d long desired, and finally continuing down his chest.
Silently, Castiel chided himself for the way he thought about his Mothe- The Queen. He touched his gold painted fingertips to the bright blue jewel at his throat, then his forehead. Light see him. If a Godspeaker had been about. Or worse yet, one of the Queen’s Truthsayers….He shook his head. He would make an offering before the God after he’d broken his fast and beg the God to see him in its forgiving eye.
His legs ached. He’d had too many Highsuns of sitting on the camel. He itched to run. But the pen was crowded, no room to run. Instead he walked around its inside edge and smiled to see the slaves cringe, as though they were goats and he was a sandcat. He laughed as they remembered their chains were gone, and baring his teeth; they fell over one another to get away. It was a good feeling, seeing their fear. Dee-Ann was not afraid.
The next minutes pass as Tran and the other Body Servants open various drawers and cupboards and begin laying out all manner of paints, oils and things to help Castiel dress for the day. Though he noticed that there were considerably more things being laid today than he was used to. He was about to inquire when Tran presented a tray with a heavy roll of parchment on it. The wax seal had been broken, but Castiel recognized the Queen’s seal immediately.
“Relax. I will not speak of anything to Castiel.” El-Don said with a wry smile, speaking as if he knew that was what Dee-Ann
He searched through his clothing trunk and retrieved the plain, dark blue tunic and pantaloons Ashar had bought for him. He shed his colorful clothes and pulled them on. Next he donned his sturdiest shoes without the curly toes. He cut one leg from the discarded pantaloons abd tied a knot at the bottom. That would be his food sack. He put his food inside. The knife, he slid into his pocket.
“Gabriel.” Castiel said sharply. “Light blind me! What is wrong with you? Would you like some wine? Tran” he said pointing with chin at the untouched bottle on the table.
It only takes a moment, as smoke began curling off the logs; before the flames spring to life with a hiss.
“Oh. Of course.” Castiel said turning to where Lieutenant Tessa and his own team of Body Servants – including Tran – stood decked out in their finest robes.
“No! WAIT! Please! I’m sorry!” the girl Chaala screamed chasing after him. She grabbed his arm and spun him with enough force to make him lose his footing. On instinct he groped for anything to hold onto to keep from falling, grasping her hand. His free hand arched through the air and he slapped her as hard as he could. She was taller than him, and likely quite a bit stronger. But she hadn’t been expecting the slap and he saw the look of surprised pain blossom on her face. He ripped his arm free as soon as he was sure on his feet and made to keep walking.
"I need you to do for him what you once did for me. Cast the threads. Let him choose his own path." Gabriel said in a voice Castiel didn't recognize. He looked at his brother, feeling as if he'd never seen him before.
There was a long moment in which neither of them spoke, and to Dee-Ann it felt like his stomach was worming around inside his stomach. He did not know what the name was for what he was feeling. Only that – standing there next to Castiel while he was in the battle for his life? – it was the worst feeling he had ever felt.
“I want this off.” Castiel said, eyes flying open and pushing Dee-Ann onto his back, already grabbing for his tunic. “I want to feel your skin.”
“We travel where the God desires.” Said Maeghara. “Now let us do our duty to the Godpost. Then seek a pleasant place to camp.”
So he pished, and gave the sloshing pot to Obid. She did not speak to him, just poured his water into a big clay jar, unstrapped from the sturdiest pack camel. As he walked away, he felt the chained slaves gazes sliding sideways over his skin; wondering and jealous. Let them wonder. Let them hate. He did not care for them.
“Boo.” Gabriel huffed. His entire face fell into a pastiche of disappointed irritation. “I find religious fervor to be a bit of a dampener in the carnal side of things. What a pity…..”
“I love the God.” He promised, as his snake eye amulet bruised his fingers. “Do not let the demons prick me.”
Castiel had barely finished his morning meal when the messenger arrived. She couldn't have been more than  thirteen, though she looked quite official dressed in full livery and carrying her silver salver bearing the message. It had been sealed in a clay pot worked with the Queen's personal signet. Castiel raised his eyebrows, taking the pot and dismissing the messenger with a quick blessing. Whatever answer he had been expecting to his continued efforts to reach his mother, Castiel had hardly been expecting an official summons.
“The God is good. The one thing I ask for myself, my fellow Trader and our possessions; is safe passage from Et-Haravelle to Et-Banotaj, in a Godspeaker caravan.” She said.
“I’m sorry I–“ Castiel yelled already rushing after him. He rounded the corner into the antechamber, only to nearly barrel into Dee-Ann’s back.
Maeghara laid him inside her tent on something soft and warm. Like a cloud of sunshine. And covered in a blanket that didn’t scratch his skin. “Sleep Dee-Ann.” She said.
The rain that morning was not THE beginning, for there are none in the turning of the Wheel. No more than was the ill fated meeting with thrice cursed Maeghara, the Bazaar where he found his Scorpion amulet, crossing blades with Bobarak in the Godhouse of Et-Mamiklia or even the 90 day pilgrimage with then uncrowned Castiel.
“Did you like it? In Portstown?” Castiel asked, having to place his feet carefully as they rounded the stairs.
dishes to be served to the two thousand people who have accepted the invitation; are a repetition of any of our
independent! Your failure to look beyond yourself has lead you to miss that the boy is singularly gifted with the power of his blood. Perhaps even a touch of the
He sniggered. “Man not teach. Woman beat man he talk he-brats.” He said sipping from the cup carefully. Not sadsa this time. Tea. It was cool enough to drink. He gulped, certainly thirsty. “Man try….talk a little when woman gone.”
Dee-Ann remembered the Village Godspeaker with only five, so old they had turned dull and muddy. The Village Godspeaker was nothing, a dried up husk compared to the Godspeakers of Et-Haravelle. He was angry to think such a shrunken, unbitten old woman had frightened him so much. And surprised that the God would accept her as its Speaker. Although to be fair, the God had not had many women to choose from in the Village.
Castiel had inherited these rooms from his older brother Ezekiel once he’d come of age and set off to take his tour of the Provinces. It had been almost six months since Ezekiel had vacated, but to Castiel the rooms still felt as if they didn’t quite belong to him. Everywhere he looked the specter of his brother loomed. Not least because every inch of the place was decorated in the austere style he’d favored. The walls were painted a soft shade of blue, with birdcage stripes of white running the length of all the rooms. What furniture there was – only the most utilitarian of pieces – were all sturdy wood painted white and upholstered in silver. Ezekiel prided himself on his almost ascetic devotion to the sacred teachings. Anything too comfortable or ornamental he disavowed as frivolous - even sinful – and was quickly done away with. The paintings – mostly portraits of long dead ancestors Castiel didn’t even recognize – and tapestries adorning the walls were all done in similarly subdued shades of blue and grey.
Joh said waggling her eyebrows suggestively. At this Castiel stopped walking. Joh laughed again, but this time there was no real zeal behind it.
“My appetite needs no spicing!” Derubeis snorted. “The godcakes of Et-Haravelle are the worst I have ever tasted!” she said flapping her hands. For the first time since he and the short Trader had met, Dee-Ann thought he was right.
A chill sense of dread ran through him, and Dee-Ann covered them with the blanket; wrapping Castiel up tightly in his arms for just a little while longer.
Castiel….” Dee-Ann said. “You tell me how to let him go.” He added in a trembling sob. “Tell me and I’ll do it.”
So he held on and soldiered through, burying his face against Dee-Ann's neck and breathing raggedly as the other man thrust slowly into him. He held on until finally, incrementally, he
Stupid old woman. She was demon struck. And ripe for stoning. Dee-Ann snatched up the scorpion amulet and thrust it into his pocket; then ran after Ashar before the bazaar’s milling crowd swallowed him entirely.
Dee-Ann did not know what to say. He felt the woman Bara-Bhur’s pain though he did not know how to express it, or what to do that might bring her some measure of comfort. Instead they just sat staring into the fire.
“He is only trespassing because of the lax security meted out by your guards who were supposed to be watching all of our….guests…. Instead I have had a rather troubling report of their conduct within the peasant camp this evening.” Castiel said losing his patience with the mule headed woman. “I mean to take up the matter with my sister. Do kindly put him down?”
Obid bowed. “Mistress.” Dee-Ann watched as Obid walked back to the slave-line, where her fellow guards pretended not to watch, before following Maeghara back into the tent.
“Derubeis and I go now to do Trader business. You will heed Obid while I am gone. This is my word.” She said. Dee-Ann schooled his face. He did not want to go into the pen, and he did not want to be given orders by a dirty woman slave like Obid. He wanted to go with Maeghara and see this Great city. He wanted to see the Godhouse that had such a Godpost it could be seen from so far away. He wanted to see the Palace which towered over all of Et-Haravelle. It was by far the largest and finest building Dee-Ann had ever seen. But Maeghara had given her word, and she must always be obeyed.
It did not matter that Maeghara had given the Woman coin. He was not a slave. He was not a weak, nothing person like Obid or Ashar or Naga. Not in his heart where he was his true self.
When they were alone Dee-Ann simply stared at the ground. The girl looked at him for a long time without speaking. He allowed his eyes to trail up her body. She wore a leather apron over her clothes, and was red faced from the fire. Her godbraids – tied in a club at the base of her neck – were red too. She looked like her mother, but more handsome.  Or would have been, if she didn’t look so furious. The moment he met her eyes, he drove his own back down to the ground.
He traveled through districts he knew only by name. Artisan. Musician. Leather Worker. Musician. Jeweler. Pot Smith. He moved passed darkened villas that did not want him. Past roaming Godspeakers who did not see him. Always keeping his fierce gaze pinned on the Queen’s Road that would take him to the gate, and to Et-Novakar; where the God told him he could make a home.
WARNING!!!!!! This chapter contains descriptions of graphic violence having been done to a Slave Boy, as well as a brief description of an animal being humanely killed. I'm sorry if anyone is disturbed by this. I swear I am not a violent person and I do not condone any abuse of animals in any way!
Anybody esle notice that the God Dean is being exposed to and the fluffy warm light Castiel worships seem a bit like two different things?
The result was beautiful. But even to this day it was known throughout the lands as one of the most extravagant – and expensive – gifts of all time. That the Queen was hosting this delegation there sent a specific message. For some reason, she wanted to impress this party. Whoever they were, she wanted to make sure they knew the wealth and power of her Blood.
“I would imagine that over the course of their marriage our Father became quite adept at closing his eyes the way only a man can.” Gabriel said. “But no. This time he didn’t as a matter of fact. You see our Mother had very recently given birth. The timeline was….suspect…to say the least.”
Aaaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeee!!!!!! He did not understand what had happened. But he was ready to leave this place. He was outside the gates of Et-Banotaj now. He did not need to stay here any longer. This stupid shrieking woman could keep her throwing things. He would find another way to reach Et-Novakar. He knew he–
. Dee-Ann shuddered at this and Castiel noticed he’d gone very still. He was looking at Castiel almost defiantly, but there was a shimmer in his eyes Castiel didn’t immediately understand. Then it hit him. He was
They crossed the border into Et-Haravelle, and four fingers after acknowledging the Godpost, met a band of hard riding warriors. Women wearing shells of hardened leather on their upper bodies. In the middle of their chests was a hunting bird, picked out in stones of newsun fire. And platted into thir charm heavy godbraids waved long red feathers banded thickly with black. Leather thongs dangled round their necks, threaded with rattling, bouncing finger bones. They were
She took back the crystal. “Stand apart from the unseen. You belong to the God, until it strikes you dead in its eye.”
He reached into his shirtfront and pulled the leather thong that held his Scorpion amulet up over his head, placing it gingerly on Castiel’s chest. He did not expect it to move. But somehow, it was a comfort to think that the God was watching over Castiel. He rested his forehead on Castiel’s hand again.
He was sitting cross legged on the ledge, chest stripped bare, still holding the knife. His hair was all but gone, shorn off clumsily with the knife. His scalp was visible in places among the uneven clumps of hair, and Castiel could see a trickle of blood from where he’d accidentally cut himself.
Hot blood dripped down his calf. Within seconds, the small black desert flies and suck-you-drys came buzzing to drink him. Hearing them, the Trader withheld the next blow, instead tossing the whip back to her companion.
“Honestly Cassie. You really do need to start paying more attention.” Gabriel said rolling his eyes. “Ana along with every other one of our sisters are turning in early. They leave at the crack of newsun for a hunt. It’ll be their last chance for a while. The Godmoon is upon us. And that means every Noble House of any important standing will be arriving within the next week. Mother is riding out to meet them on the Mountain at highsun tomorrow as soon as she’s finished that business in the Godhouse.”
Castiel nuzzled his neck, and was gone. Dee-Ann could feel Castiel’s sweat clinging to him, but he wasn’t ready to let him go just yet. So instead, he sighed, carefully disentangling one hand long enough to reach for his Scorpion Amulet which had been resting on top of the rest of his clothes. He pulled the leather thong over his head and lay examining the amulet’s familiar features.
“Tran I have already agreed to I’d pay you back for whatever costs we incur. Couldn’t we have gotten one a bit nicer than…this?” Castiel asked pressing his gloved hand to his nose. He didn’t relish the prospect of identifying just what the smell was emanating from the corner.
I know canonically Ellen doesn't have a son. But I need to invent one for the purposes of this story. All shall be revealed! I promise I'll write extra smut later on to make up for it!
So many roofs in the city Et-Banotaj, Dee-Ann knew he could never count them all. Trees too! Heavy laden with fruit. Maeghara’s stern face was gentle with smiling.
"Six fat godmoons. Perhaps more. Time enough for Dee-Ann to grow and flower." Maeghara said tugging on of his godbraids. "Go now. We have much to discuss."
“Young? It’s seed time is come! Any day now there’ll be oak in its cock! It can pay back what it cost me. Like the other he-brats you squirted out! This is my word man. Speak again, and I’ll smash your teeth in and black your eyes!”
The Woman spat. She was always spitting. Wasting water. “Find it. When it’s clean, chain it to the wall so it don’t run like the last one.”
Rising beside them Derubeis sighed, shaking her godbraids out of her face. “Must you talk to it Mega? It’s not a pet.” She said sounding annoyed.
“Not hard enough!!!” Another boom of fist on wood. “The he-brat goes! Only the God knows when Traders will come this way again.”
“These are strange times.” The Godspeaker said frowning. “Green fields turn brown. And where water once flowed freely, in places now it trickles. Where there was water, now it is dirt. We are many Godmoons past the beginning of the season of the thunder waters. Yet you see, the sky is blue above us; and Todorok has not seen rain in many Godmoons. Crops wither in the sun. And slaves have died by the fist.”
.” he said excitedly; all seriousness from a moment before completely forgotten as Gabriel all but leapt out of his seat and made for Castiel’s Dressing Rooms. “Pastels are death on you, but I was thinking…..”
There were others in the Caravan Dee-Ann did not like. It became clear to him as time passed that only very few of their number were performers. There were only ten dancers and twice as many musicians in the troupe. He had tried to ask the girl Chaala a few times about the others but she had dismissed him. They were mostly women. All of them were built powerfully, and seemed to have the look of danger about them. At first he had assumed they must be former soldiers. Yet some of them looked too young. They kept to themselves, venturing from their tents and caravans only rarely. But Dee-Ann knew they were always busy. They had a forge fitted onto the back of a metal carriage, and he could sometimes hear loud hammering coming from their copse of tents. Twice he had tried to venture there to see for himself. And both times the woman Bara-Bhur had stopped him with a hand on his shoulder, giving him another task to perform.
When the crystal touched her flesh it flared into life. Maeghara’s slaves cried out, falling over one another in their pen, and the Traders snatched at their amulets and closed their eyes. Maeghara stood quietly, her gaze even.
The gown was a rich shade of orange, falling to the floor in cascading layers which descended in darkness from bright saffron at his waist – cinched impossibly small by the new stomacher the arrowsmith had presented him with – to deep amber where it pooled on the floor. To Castiel it came as no surprise that a woman responsible for making weapons of war, death and despair was also behind his undergarments. Just once, he thought how amusing it would be to see some battle hardened warrior woman have to get through the day wearing even half of what a man suffered to be beautiful in their eyes.
The slave’s scabby fist struck his chest. “Not in here! In here I am still Bennihime! I was sold because my Mother died, and the God gave my Father to another Woman. She had her own sons to get rid of, she did not want another. She wanted gold. She got gold. I got chains.” He said bitterly.
Dee-Ann frowned. HE didn't know why, but he had a distinct sense that this was a dangerous question. He shook his head honestly.
"Marriage to any noble house would offer her Legitimacy." Castiel said. It was true. There was something else here. Like fat beneath the skin, dimpling the discussion. What else did she stand to gain from this?
“Leave off!” the thief yelled, in a voice that unmistakably male. Castiel frowned. A boy? He let the moonlight bounce back to its natural position, but he kept his hold on his power; his tattoos still burning with golden light.
She had saved him from the Woman. She did not chain him with the other slaves. She’d clothed him and let her ride before her on her camel. He drank. Sadsa flowed down his throat and into his belly like soft fire. He gasped choking. The dancing flames blurred. So did Derubeis’ face, and Maeghara’s. He put down the bronze cup and ate more meat. His fingers felt clumsy, wrapped around the spoon. Too soon the bowl was empty. Hopefully he looked at Maeghara.
