Sherlock pushed on, emboldened by the secure feel of John’s weight on the mattress once more. “You’ve made a series of decisions with a countless number of possible variables and divergences over the years. Any one of them could have steered you away from applying for a temporary position with the company that day back in June. Even if some of those decisions have caused you pain in the past, the selfish part of me can only feel satisfaction, because the end result is you with me in this bed, and for that, I’m grateful.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he stood from the table, brushing away the creases from his linen trousers.
“Great. Thanks for the therapy. Can we drop this now?”
“Molly!”
For the first time in Sherlock’s solitary life filled with rigorous self-discipline and unending dedication to his chosen profession, which kept him at arm’s length from all of society, he’d found what it felt like to have a companion.
“You. Your very existence. John Hamish Watson - The Fucking Troubadour. You sat down at that piano bench back in June and fucked everything up.”
“You mean--”
“Please, do continue. I’d hate to interrupt what was obviously a rather
John smirked. “Are you always this blunt when being honest?”
At nineteen, freshly promoted to The Royal Ballet’s roster of soloist company members and brimming with pride over being cast in his first productions of Giselle and Le Corsaire, Sherlock met Irene Adler. A graduate of the Vaganova School in St. Petersburg and subsequent soloist at The Kirov, she had eagerly left Russia for a more temperate climate. She was a brash and beautiful woman who was unapologetic about being herself, no matter the situation. Sherlock liked her immediately, though he didn’t say as much. She was a fascinating subject to study in class, and he enjoyed seeing her use their fellow company members as playthings. She could bring the prima ballerina to her knees with one look and simultaneously have the ballet master wrapped around her little finger with unfailing ease. Sherlock pondered at how a person who seemed to rather dislike people as a whole could bend them to her will with such dominating abilities.
(See the end of the chapter for
John knew the answer to these questions, he just didn’t understand the why of it all. Sherlock was special, yes. Sherlock was unique. Sherlock was maddening and hateful and sometimes downright cruel and yet Sherlock occupied the space in John’s mind that shouted adventure and daring and when he was around the man, John felt no wanderlust or need to flee, he only felt complete. Like the missing piece of his life’s puzzle, the one that spurred him to search and explore for years and years was finally resting beside him, pulsing in a dull glow in his mind’s eye, telling him he’d found home. Which was ridiculous, he barely knew Sherlock. How many words had they spoken to each other, and how many of those words had even been kind ones?
The slate sidewalk beneath his feet and the cast iron scrawled railings leading up the steps to the front door landing added to the anachronistic sense of timelessness and he climbed up slowly, taking in the grandeur with a steadying breath before finally ringing the buzzer at the door. He adjusted the bags hanging off his shoulders and the crates of sheet music in his hands as he waited, feeling horribly out of place.
He ripped a flannel off his its hook and wiped his mouth, his mind compartmentalising every aspect of the previous evening into three small boxes he could examine later. For now, he needed to focus, he needed to get to the theater.
Detectives and blond angels. :) How perfectly fitting.
John eyed the man as he rose from his position against the tree and stalked forward with all the demanding grace of a lion before coming to stand beside him. He looked defiant and wild in the light of the morning sun, his hair a frizzled tangle of sleep-tossed curls.
In Sherlock’s study of John, he found that the man could charm anyone around him. The women, mostly, but the men too. He chatted with anyone and everyone and more than once came away with a new phone number plugged into his mobile or plans to meet up with someone after the end of the workday for tea or happy hour. It was maddening to watch him act so resigned and free with the others, all the while freezing up whenever he spotted Sherlock’s eyes on him in the mirrors. Why was John so stoic around him? It wasn’t like Sherlock would bite . . . much.
“Sherlock,” John said in awe.
“Nothing,” he lied. “I’m aloof, John. You know that.”
“Fuck!”
Irene didn’t move, in fact, she leaned closer. “Despite what you may think, I’m on your side, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
God damn his sentimental heart but he loved that ridiculous man. The renegade, piano-playing gypsy troubadour of a tease sitting across the stage oblivious to the hurricane of emotion that had been unleashed inside Sherlock’s heart not five minutes prior.
The next week played out rather like what the American Navy SEAL’s lovingly referred to as "hell week
When he revealed the tented pants beneath John’s trousers Sherlock licked his lips, the Pavlovian response of saliva pooling in his mouth foreign to him yet not unwelcome. He
Sherlock did and, in an instant, it was as if every muscle in John’s body was pulled as taut as a freshly strung violin string. His arms tightened around Sherlock, clutching him impossibly closer. Sherlock felt John’s jaw go slack against the side of his face as John’s mouth fell open, a soft moan melting into the air around them like icing sugar on a still warm scone.
“I’m not
There was a presence at his back. John could feel the warmth that wasn’t his own move close to him, could hear the labored breathing that wasn’t his own pushed out from flared nostrils behind him.
“Pity you’re not more sociable.”
“Can’t I pay a visit every now and then?”
Realisation hitting home, Sherlock’s eyes bulged in alarm and he shot up off the rug, willing his legs into a standing position. How on earth had he slept that long? And where the hell was Mrs H? Surely she should be bustling about the house with Billie Holiday crooning in the background as she placed fresh bundles of peonies in every available vase, champagne bottles to cool in the wine fridge, and had platters of hot-from-the-oven bagels delivered fresh from the bakery to their doorstep for an indulgent, carb-filled breakfast neither of them could resist. Yet, none of that was happening around him. The only chaos Sherlock saw in the room was, in fact, atop John’s precious head.
Sherlock’s voice was firm, his large, warm hands holding John steady beneath him, willing him to see how much he wanted this, how much he needed this. The humor died on John’s lips and he licked them, his eyes darkening with anticipation. “Okay.”
“It is always a chore, handling you.”
“We’ll put him in a white tee, sleeves rolled, and cuffed jeans. You’ll look just like the rest of them. Sarah, can we get wardrobe for him?”
“You don’t mind taking him? I don’t think his upper-class sensibilities can handle my flat.”
“Yes. So was my grandfather.”
Sherlock hummed, low in his throat, and John couldn’t help from asking, “What do you think?”
. . .”
One final person trailed out of the studio, with a bag slung over his shoulder and a thermos in his hand. Greg Lestrade, a Ballet Master with the company, who was mainly seen around the halls eating French eclairs and making the female dancers weak in the knees, spotted John standing awkwardly in the middle of the hallway the moment he turned from the doorway. He pushed the long locks of his salt-n-pepper hair back off his forehead out of habit and smiled at John with warmth in his deep, brown eyes.
"The theater. We have to be at the theatre by one."
“What am I supposed to think?”
The perfect line the two of them created in the studio mirrors, accented by a slash of red from Irene’s lips and a flash of cream satin from the ribbon of her pointe shoes was nothing if not beautiful. Sherlock knew that people found him attractive in an alien way, but the two of them together created an otherworldly combination he couldn’t help but appreciate when photographed for performances. The company heads hailed them as the Fonteyne and Nuryeve for a new generation and advertised them as such. Sherlock went from being a rising star soloist to principal lead in almost every production the company put up and was revered as being the golden child of The Royal Ballet.
"I don't think the word 'kind' factors into Sherlock's range of emotions, mummy."
“Aren’t they one in the same?”
Mycroft was straightening his silk tie. “I don’t believe I implied anything of the sort, mummy.”
Sarah, the (somewhat frazzled) assistant, nodded at Mr Baynes' request, and scribbled the addition in her ever-present notebook. Sherlock scowled, holding onto Molly with a fierce grip and an unspoken plea,
Those hands were currently digging into the skin at Sherlock’s back, dragging along his ass and pressing his hips further into John’s own, creating a rhythm for them both. It was brilliant and perfect and so completely not enough that Sherlock whined at the injustice of it all. Why on earth had he started this now? At the beginning of the day, a full dress rehearsal day, at that. He didn’t want to open his eyes to his reality, he wanted to keep them closed and filled with the images of John’s hands playing him like his favorite keys.
“Kiss me,” he demanded, capturing John’s swollen lips with his before the man could even answer. Sherlock lapped into John’s mouth and the odd flavor coating his tongue caused a ripple of sensation to course down his spine and bury itself deep in the long-hidden part of his being that housed his now awakened sexual nature. It felt elicit to taste himself on another man’s tongue and yet Sherlock craved the strangeness of such an act. He wanted more.
“Not when you play it.”
? Am I to believe you consider the rare amount of quality time we spend together to as a family to rank no higher than the tedium of a daily briefing?”
“Oh, perfect. Could you refreshen mine while you’re at it? I’m sure Sherlock would love one, too. Gin and tonic, right?” She’d addressed this to Sherlock who nodded once before drifting away from them both as he played, stepping onto the cool grass with bare feet, long toes curling around the soft grass. John watched him go and grinned but it was anger behind the expression, not mirth. He was quickly growing tired of seeing Sherlock turn his back to him.
It had been three days of peace. Three days of the perfect spherical symmetry that only occurred when two people hold each other together with the strength of their bodies and the heat of their mouths, minds synced and emotions laid bare. Sherlock had watched choreographers hoping to mimic that rare beauty on stage, but now knew from his own personal experience, that anything less than the pure physical reality he and John had shared over the past several days would not translate into any medium, let alone dance, without true connection behind it. Perhaps one day he might try his hand at evoking such emotion through his own interpretation of the movement, but until then, he’d rest his head against the wrinkled sheet music before him and countdown the seconds until John returned.
“Do you play the violin?”
“I’m next door.”
“The tea? Well, yes. Reservations are required at such an establishment.”
“A terrible three days.”
“You’ll fix it,” she told him. “But for now . . . “ she trailed off as she pulled back, her eyes seeking Sherlock’s. He nodded at her in understanding: The Work came first.
Too intrigued to wonder at Greg’s odd behavior, John inched his way towards the studio door, feeling oddly like he was about to witness something that wasn’t meant for his eyes to see. When he reached the door and peered in through the small window, he had to hold back from audibly gasping at what greeted him - the sight of Sherlock Holmes’ long, lean body sprawled in a folding chair.
Sherlock’s attention came back to him as the opening notes of music filled the air, the piece having been altered to allow the piano to lead the main theme. A collective breath was taken on stage as the dancers all fell into the movement, performing the choreography with fervour. This was what a dancer lived for—the blood pumping through their veins in rhythmic counts of eight, their bodies working on perfected muscle memory, the energy of the crowd coursing over them, pushing them onward to the very end. The adrenaline of it all felt akin to taking a hit of the purest drug, a floating high from which Sherlock never wanted to come down. He fed off these moments as if he were devouring the finest feast, savouring every morsel to the final crumb.
“Your career is my utmost concern, Sherlock, you know that.”
“Needs must when dealing with children.”
“Actually, no.”
“Is it, now?”
John laughed, it was a bitter sound. “Thanks but not good enough.”
He needn’t have bothered wondering for she soon set her sights on him, only to be utterly disappointed when he revealed himself as being both uninterested in her advances and unflappable to her keen, cunning nature. Sherlock hadn’t meant for this to endear himself to her, but apparently, it had, and he went from being alone every class to having his own shadow at the barre and a new adagio partner during floor work. He allowed for this development because they were well suited for each other, aesthetically speaking. They both possessed the same shade of milky-white alabaster skin which turned to an ethereal blue glow under the stage lights, and they had the same, startling dark color of inky, auburn hair, creating a pleasing contrast of preternatural appeal.
“That night . . . our night . . . what did you think that was, Sherlock?”
“God, yes.” John pulled him down with both arms, and Sherlock tumbled inelegantly over the sheets, laughing. He felt free, loose, and perfectly present in that moment, narrowing all of his focus down to John’s lips, warm, wet, and perfect against Sherlock’s own.
If y'all would like to watch 'the fourth movement' of NY Export: Opus Jazz that was mentioned in this chapter (and why perhaps a somersault in the middle of it wouldn't throw an audience) here's
“Hmm. Is it chilly in here or is it just me?”
stunt you pulled on opening night, I can assure you, this plan has been in the works for quite some time.”
Sherlock had never adhered to such superstition, but he’d readily admit that performing to an empty theater one afternoon and then suddenly being faced with a packed house full of warm, breathing, energy-filled bodies that same evening would cause a shift in atmosphere that could (and often did) throw the less seasoned performers off their game.
Sherlock shifted restlessly beneath John, unable to stay still under the onslaught of the new, incredible sensation. John’s mouth was a hot, unstoppable force of heat and suction that Sherlock could never have imagined ever being prepared for - all he could do was call out John’s name in pathetic pants of exhaled breath, shaking in his skin until John laid a reassuring arm across Sherlock’s hipbones, steadying him, and pushing him back into the soft rug beneath them, causing his voice to choke off in a moan at the restraining pressure.
Sherlock shook his forehead against John’s keeping his eyes closed, willing for time to stand still in this perfect moment. “No.”
I'd be happy to share with you pictures of Mrs H's brownstone, Fort Greene, lovely examples of the magical back garden, and Balletlock artwork that I've drawn up to go along with the story.
Irene broke the growing tension in the room with a dramatic sigh even Sherlock would be proud of and tossed the phone into the air. Sherlock caught it easily and opened the lock screen to study its contents. John shuffled forward and leaned over his shoulder. Sherlock allowed it. John couldn’t help his small smile.
Chapter four is almost completed. I hope to get it up within the next few weeks. My birthday is the end of April, so perhaps before then!
John paused to take in the sight of Sherlock’s alabaster skin, the slight sheen covering his body left over from the shower, and watch the gentle shivers that overcame him, causing his erect cock to bob proudly against his stomach.
“I don’t get it.”
“Sherlock?”
They ran through the first three movements with surprisingly little interruption, Mr Baynes only stopping to make changes or alter positioning when absolutely necessary. John would make notes when needed, feeling certain parts of the written music were static to his ears and required a little push here and there. Now that they were in the theater where the performances would be held, things would naturally have to be tweaked, since the rehearsal studios were never an exact replica of the stage, and John figured the music should be no exception.
His knowledge in regards to physical intimacy with others was minimal at best, and yet, he didn't feel self-conscious over his lack of experience. He now considered it an asset because he would explore and discover with John and John alone.
Sherlock looked up. His mother had asked him a question he hadn’t heard. He blinked, shocked at himself and quickly fished for an ambiguous answer.
Mycroft’s hand slammed on the table, rattling the fine china in its chipped, mismatched saucers. “Will you desist with that language?”
who balled in the morning in the evenings in rosegardens and the grass of public parks and cemeteries scattering their semen freely to whomever come who may,
Sherlock had always been immune to this phenomenon, never once having to deal with the internal frustration of missing a beat or fumbling a step during a performance . . . that is, until the opening night of
John closed his eyes with a sigh, breathing out all his quandaries into the heavy, wet air of the room. He let his fingers trail upwards towards the clenched muscles at the back of Sherlock’s calves, kneading into the damp skin no longer covered by soft, black cotton. The exploration felt bold and John didn’t hesitate. Sherlock was allowing this - he was allowing John, kneeling in supplication before him, to work out his hard-used muscles and long-strained tendons of his legs after an arduous rehearsal, and he wasn’t pushing John away.
“You know, Irene, some things are actually not your business.”
No one breathed as the two men theoretically circled each other with their words. Sherlock maintained a surprising silence as his discerning eyes shifted back and forth between the piano bench and Mr Baynes’ clasped hands, assessing every nuance of the men’s behavior and yet remaining tight-lipped. This did not go unnoticed by John, who held Mr Baynes’ gaze in unspoken challenge while keeping track of Sherlock’s presence in the periphery of his vision.
It appeared to John as if Sherlock were melting into the seat of the chair, his arms hanging limply at his sides and his head lolled back, resting on the lower barre behind him on the wall, with acres of porcelain skin inching downwards towards those tight black trunks slung low on his hips. John watched the dip of Sherlock’s Adam’s apple make its way up and down along the pale, sweat-slicked skin of his throat as he swallowed a gulp of air into his heaving chest, and John licked his lips at how indecent it seemed.
experience for you both.” Irene paused to jut out a hip and force a pout on her teasing lips. “It’s just that the rehearsal for Rubies will start soon. Doubt you’d want the other dancers to see what John was clearly planning on doing next. Those rascals can be such gossips.”
John spluttered. “Excuse me?”
“Christ.” John dropped his head back against the chair. The sight of Sherlock studying him with pin-laser focus was startling and unnerving and so completely arousing to John he needed to look away just to catch his breath. This man, who had never cared to even look at another man’s penis before, was choosing to give his attention to John, to lavish his affection on John. He couldn't imagine how he had ever gotten so lucky.
In front of him, the hammock beckoned and he shuffled forward, exhausted and spent, the need to lie down suddenly the most important out of all his most base and depraved urges. He slept there that night, on the hammock, in the silent, backyard garden under the starless sky. He slept fully and deeply and did not dream. If the sad, crying sounds of a violin trailed across his eyelids and over the tips of his toes at the break of dawn, lulling him into the sweet void of subconsciousness after waking with a start, he did not remember it come morning, and for that he was grateful.
“Which? Cock or cunt?”
Sherlock shook his head, closing his eyes tight and trying to hold back his irrational anger before the words burst forth from his mouth without warning. “It’s about you!”
Sherlock caught him staring and John swore under his breath, hoping in vain that he wasn’t flushed. “It’s warm today.”
John was standing next to Sherlock, his arms crossed across his chest, legs set firmly apart, solid, strong, and utterly peeved at the man who’d interrupted their quiet Monday. Sherlock beamed with pride beside him.
John laughed, and Sherlock grinned because he’d made that wonderful sound again. “Sherlock, you gorgeous, brilliant, fucking idiot. I’m all in. There’s no halfway for me. Don't you know that? Can’t you see that? I'm all in.” His hands were running along the sides of Sherlock’s neck, rubbing gentle circles into the tense, muscles bunched at the nape.
“No. Not allowed.”
With that, Mr Baynes turned back to the front of the room and John sat back down on his piano bench, attempting (and failing) to hide a smirk of satisfaction from crossing his lips. He glanced up at Sherlock, unable to help himself and saw the man staring back at him, his eyes warm. John’s smile broadened. Sherlock mouthed the words, “well done,” and resumed his starting position. It was hard for John to do much else but smile for the rest of the night, he felt like he was floating on air at the day’s turn of events.
Mrs H smiled back him in a daze, her eyes glassy. “You’re blushing.”
He felt like a voyeur, dirty and wrong, and yet he couldn’t look away. His hand gripped the door handle and pushed inside without his say so, his feet walked forward across the worn, wooden floorboards without his mental go-ahead and the toes of his oxford-covered shoes stopped inches from the ones of Sherlock’s right foot, pointing out towards him on the floor. John stood before the vision of Sherlock Holmes offered up to the world on a plastic folding chair at the back of a dance studio and couldn’t bring himself to feel guilty at the reasoning or the why of it, only knowing that once seen, John couldn’t stand behind the door that separated them a moment longer.
“I’ve never really
Sherlock felt John’s chuckle at the side of his throat where he was currently nuzzling his nose before biting at the sensitive skin. “I have to at some point.”
John’s hands stilled and he looked back at Sherlock, his face placid.
Sherlock showed up early and stayed late into the night. He rarely took ‘fresh air’ breaks (the cheeky nickname the company used to justify their smoking habits) nor did he seem to eat meals or drink anything other than a fancy brand of sparkling water - he kept no fewer than two bottles of the stuff in his sack at all times. He was a walking paradox and a wonderful distraction for John whose knees would start bouncing with nervous energy everytime he received an e-mail or text alert about another gig elsewhere in the world. John would bite his lip and squirm in his seat over the missed opportunities and then as if on cue, Sherlock would spiral out a series of biting observations about a visiting choreographer or the newest affair in the company during class, pulling John from his inner turmoil. The outbursts never failed to make John smile, even if they were a bit cruel. Sherlock Holmes certainly had no qualms about hurting his colleagues’ feelings. Most of them expected it, in fact, including the ballet masters who lead the company’s classes.
“I feel--”
“What is it?”
“Mmmmm.”
Raising the rating one last time. Oh, yes, people. You know what that means!
A silence fell between them. Sherlock waited, and John breathed.
“Don’t thank me. Impress me. Shall we get to work?”
The sounds of the company’s clapping roused Sherlock from the silence that fell around him as he focused solely on John. Sherlock wanted John to see every emotion he’d been too cowardly to express over the past few days in eyes. He wanted to tell him everything and yet a stage, twelve dancers, one ballet master, a company director, and an entire orchestra sat between them like an ocean's worth of his own mistakes. Sherlock screamed inside, his leg muscles breaking into movement from their inertia to bring him closer to John.
John coughed again, though this time it was to cover up the fact that he’d just choked on nothing but his own spit and surprise.
plan.
. . .
“Clearly, John, I’m not saying anything.”
They shared a cab, though they didn’t speak. John remained silent and stoic across the back seat from him, his hands two balls of tension in his lap. Sherlock could smell his shampoo, fresh and bright in the stale air of the cab and he wanted to lean into that scent. He wanted to cover himself with it and take it with him onto the stage as a talisman.
“You only started to wear these after he died.”
Mycroft’s threats did nothing to quell Sherlock’s interest in John. In fact, it would probably only spur him to seek the man out more than he’d dared allow himself to before. Some sort of latent, rebellious streak left over from his endlessly coddled and carefully cultivated youth reared its ugly, theoretically-mohawked head whenever Mycroft lorded himself over Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock stretched his arms above his head, hearing the delicious
“John.”
“Are you?”
This chapter takes place directly after the last. We're heading into the final piece of the opening night performance, folks!
music, which was a blending of jazz and classical into a strange amalgamation of a new genre that was coined in the late fifties. Mr Baynes explained that he wished for the company to soak in the style much like how they soaked the choreography into their muscles because the ultimate example of
John saw it for the tease it was. “I so fucking am.”
“Yes!”
“Yes.”
“You’re a beautiful idiot,” John said.
“Sherlock. I didn’t . . . you live here?”
Sherlock broke first, his need to be straightforward with John paramount. “If you can deduce my feelings on the idiotic ideals of our society’s ridiculously vapid beauty standards then you’ll no doubt understand my thoughts on the title of ‘boyfriend’ or ‘partner.’”
Sherlock blinked down at the man, his mind suddenly zeroing in on his anger with a blinding, irrational rage. “Excuse me?”
. . .
“And the only John Watson who didn’t follow in the footsteps of his father.”
When Sherlock received a call from his mother asking him to join her for tea at The Criterion with his brother, he didn't hesitate in accepting. The seedling of an idea that had planted itself in his brain a year prior had grown into a fully-realised sapling that would not be quelled. He suspected Mycroft had everything to do with Irene's position in his life and with this his mother's invitation, he had his opportunity.
Sherlock squeezed her arms, his excitement infectious. Molly’s expression mirrored his own broad smile as he celebrated his newly found joy. He bounced on his toes, feeling buoyant, the tedium of the world around him momentarily forgotten. He must have looked like a child at Christmas to Molly—filled with eager innocence and purity and wonder all rolled into one.
John blinked at her in surprise. “Yes.”
John hid his face in the folds of the duvet near Sherlock’s hip. It felt like they were teenagers on the hormonal-fueled precipice of ‘going steady’ and apparently, that frightened John. The same man who’d chased down a pair of crackheads after they’d snatched Mrs Hudson’s purse and successfully overcame them. The same man who’d performed emergency (and surprisingly competent) triage on a dancer in the corps who had suffered a compound fracture to the femur after taking a bad fall, and kept her calm while they waited for the paramedics to arrive. This man, who handled such circumstances without hesitation, was hiding from the mere thought of declaring himself taken and Sherlock grinned, feeling emboldened and giddy as he waited out John agonizing over his response.
“We’ll be in the garden.” He shut the doors behind him with a definitive snap and turned, taking John with him in the process.
He was terrified.
“So are you.”
John’s neck ached in a way that suggested he’d been curled up all wrong in his bed. His right foot was asleep, pressed hard up under his left thigh, and his arms seemed to be wrapped in around him too closely. He blinked his eyes open and stared at the strange leafy green ceiling of his room, wondering when Mrs H had painted the white walls with acres of leaves and sunlight.
, was something Sherlock never wanted to experience again. He’d texted Mycroft telling him as much at the end of the second week and suspected that the next time the company toured, John would be in attendance.
It was dangerous, this charade. Sherlock could miss a step, John could miss a chord. Something needed to give. Sherlock could feel the anticipation building but couldn’t deduce the correct course of action. He twisted into another pirouette, his gaze breaking from John’s for an eighth of a second as his head spun around again. When Sherlock focused on John once more, he watched in pure amazement as the man seemed to make a decision mid-measure, his lips pulling into a cheeky half grin. And then, inexplicably, John winked at him.
had been a masterstroke, and they’d only just gotten started. Beside her on the teak garden table lay a series of costume designs for the dancers and a bare-bones set for the production that would rely heavily on dramatic lighting cues more than scenery. It all left her pleased as punch, and the new chronic Jerrold had provided her with was doing wonders for her nerves.
“So, Sherlock. Make any new
. . .
John took an indulgent sip of the fresh, fragrant coffee and then placed the mug next to his glasses on the bedside table, meaning to leave the rest for Sherlock. The air in his room smelled of saliva-slicked tongues and fevered, sweat-soaked skin. He smiled to himself as he opened the second window along the back wall, allowing a cross breeze to ripple the curtains on their rods and cast the staleness out into the wind.
Sherlock had already crossed the foyer and was halfway up the stairs, the bag Mrs H had placed by his feet slung elegantly over his back by the time he’d interrupted John’s little speech, leaving the man stunned behind him. Sherlock was being cordial. How odd. John grabbed his music and reluctantly followed, feeling cowed.
so maybe Sherlock had overlooked a few things in his assessment. He concluded that ignoring the man would be his best path forward, especially for his flagging concentration, and vowed to refocus himself on the work at hand and not the intriguing man at the piano bench in the back of the rehearsal room.
Sherlock was already halfway up the stairs when Mycroft had bitten off that question and his foot paused in mid-air, hovering over the seventeenth step. He breathed hard, nostrils flaring as he turned with a measured amount of patience that even he was impressed by.
“Yes, it’s brilliant, isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“Did you see that?” he asked.
John blinked and looked up at her. “How on earth?”
By the time he made his way home, his stomach was sour and his head ached. He didn’t see John back at the house and he tried not to let that cut into his bones too deeply. He tried to stay calm and collected and indifferent.
John closed his eyes at the statement, realising once again the trust that Sherlock was laying at his feet without asking for any reassurance in return. John swallowed and leaned forward to kiss his gratitude into the skin of Sherlock’s left hip, dragging the stubble of his cheek and chin along the sensitive expanse of Sherlock’s flat stomach.
It was a traditional Scottish ballad, one the audience knew well. The kind of tune one learned from listening closely and replicating on their own, guessing at the chords and interpreting as he or she saw fit. Sherlock was deftly adding his own flair to the piece, his fingers relishing the ability to play music again, no matter that he was fiddling on a priceless heirloom that most luthiers would rather see behind glass than exposed to the sea-salt air of the Scottish coast.
“I promise.” He wasn’t lying.
The lighter sparked and flared to life before her lips as she leaned back in her chair and rested her legs on a leather pouf in the solarium of the house. She kissed the tip of the joint to the flame, watching it catch and inhaling deeply, allowing the rich smoke to fill her lungs and sooth the frayed edges of her nerves. She sat there for a good while, staring out at her back garden, planning her words. In the end, she simply decided
She blinked several times, her long stage-lashes casting shadows across her cheekbones. “Okay.”
It was such a simple thing to say. A kindness John hadn’t expected. He sunk back down into the sheets, all the wind having left his sails in a veritable rush of surprising emotion.
Thank you for reading!
After a few torturous moments that seemed to last forever and yet ended too soon, the air left hanging between them became taut and sharp. John shifted in his seat, looking into the freshly emptied contours of his mug, feeling the electric pull from his side where he knew Sherlock stood, wishing he would speak.
Perhaps Sherlock's demeanour towards him had caused the man to take pause? It wasn't a surprise to anyone that Sherlock could be aloof and taciturn, so it couldn't have been much of a shock for John. Most people were incredibly thick, but Sherlock didn't think that John fell into the category of 'most people'. Then again, Sherlock had never actually spoken to the man outside of a
“Is this about Mr Baynes?”
The hands holding onto John’s felt fierce and sharp, nails digging in deep with determination. Sherlock was willing John to see and feel that this wasn’t something fleeting, that he did not enter into this lightly, that this was important, and real, and necessary.
Irene chuckled and held up her phone as if that explained everything. John was completely lost.
“I hate clubs.”
“Thank you, John.”
Mrs H graced the company with her presence (finally) five minutes into their pre-performance warm-up class on the theatre’s stage. She whistled at her dancers with a haughty grin and gave them a small speech on embracing the moment and living through the movement as if they truly were all teenagers on the brink of exploring their newly-found sexual natures.
Sherlock’s head tilted down as John’s tilted up and lips met lips and tongues met tongues in a cascade of overwhelming, mutual want. The kiss was the culmination of an endless stream of reckless emotion that had built up and percolated over the simmering heat of the summer and now overflowed onto the floor of the studio and lapped at their ankles like gentle waves in a tidepool.
Sherlock sat down in the dingy booth of a pub in St. Andrews, his back pressing in hard along the mahogany, the wood having turned black from years of cigarette and pipe and coal smoke caressing the close space of the room’s walls. It was humid with the heat of too many bodies inside the pub and Sherlock had long since stripped off his coat, only leaving him the option of unbuttoning his collar and rolling shirt sleeves for relief.
“I only say that because you’ve been searching for his approval you’re entire life. It’s why you can’t garner satisfaction staying in one place for too long. I’m not trying to be cruel when I tell you this, but you’ll never find what you’re looking for leading a vagabond--”
Knowing the confrontation with his brother could have gone in two distinct directions, Sherlock had entered the building with two plans in place, both with contingencies, if needed. He set the first option into play with a theoretical flick of his wrist, knocking over the first domino in his mind. In the weeks following his father's death, Sherlock had been in secret talks with American Ballet Theater in New York City. He had corresponded with their Artistic Director, a charming woman and a fellow Brit, named Martha Hudson, whom he’d found rather endearing, despite his normally negative opinion of the older generation. Their quickly developed relationship only encouraged Martha in keeping mum over the preparations for Sherlock to come join the company the following winter. She'd even offered up her home as a place for him to find his bearings when he arrived, which he accepted, silently praising her for her efficiency. She was gaining a world-class principal dancer and he, his freedom.
The movements his body were making was nothing profound yet the moment felt like a revelation to Sherlock, a reawakening of why he loved this world and killed himself each day in the studio to be greater, to be the best.
“You’re beautiful,” John whispered, breathing it against his neck. Sherlock shivered, his head falling to the curve of John’s shoulder, seemingly hiding himself from the rest of the room.
John blinked at him, seemingly confounded. “Did you . . . sleep on the floor?” Before Sherlock could even raise an eyebrow in response, John interrupted him with a raised hand. “No, wait. It doesn’t matter. Get up. It’s half eleven.”
He’d returned twenty minutes later with a bottle of water, a petulant expression, and a whiff of cigarette smoke filtering past him. John scowled at the smell, hating the habit. Mrs H continued her teaching without further interruption and Sherlock kept himself in the front right corner, as far away from John as possible, brooding the entire time.
John made to leave the room and Sherlock panicked, his arms reaching, hands grasping for a hold on John, but he wrenched his hand free from Sherlock’s grasp. The pain Sherlock had caused was painted across John’s face in violent, dark strokes. They were etched deeply between his eyes and around his mouth.
“Tell me what’s bothering you, Sherlock. I’ve allowed you your space, but you’ve been downright hostile today. What did I do?”
I couldn't stop myself from finishing this chapter and then further couldn't stop myself from posting it. Yay for mutli-chapter updates in one week!
- *Fermat: a is a musical notation that looks like a frown with a period beneath it. It normally shows up at the end of a passage of music or at the end the entirety of the piece, and means that you should hold the final note as long as you (or the conductor) sees fit.
“You’re paying them.”
John stared at the ceiling of the room he now supposed to he could call his as the light faded from its walls and turned different shades of tangerine and purple with dusk. He wondered at the intricate plaster pattern of molding along the edges of the walls, hiding the sharp corners from view, softening the space. His eyes drifted south, towards his shared wall with Sherlock, and fell upon a painting of a dark-haired man in an olive grove, the bright colors of summer warm around him, vivid in green and gold. John pictured the man as Sherlock, standing there in the noonday sun, his hair blowing in a slight breeze. Sherlock had always been beautiful to John, and he knew he wasn’t alone in that opinion, but it’d been a while since he’d allowed himself to dwell on such things - that line of thinking was a dangerous one.
This is a two-part chapter. The second part just needs a final edit and is ready to go. In the second part, we actually get to opening night (yay) and resolution is much happier (double yay). I promise.
“Yes,
Sherlock glared. John leaned in closer and then tilted his head, realisation dawning.
So, Irene is our (sorta) culprit! She really wasn't trying to hurt Sherlock, she just wanted those two boys to bone and well, Irene always did have a slightly warped sense of right and wrong.
stared blandly back at him without comment or comfort. He cursed. He breathed, chest heaving.
“Pardon?”
Sherlock starred openly at John, brazen and hungry. He wanted to reach out and pull the red, fabric knot free from John’s throat, exposing his skin to Sherlock’s mouth. He wanted to drag that white t-shirt off his muscled arms, licking stripes of ownership along every tendon. He wanted to kneel before John in supplication, allowing John to use him as he saw fit. Sherlock ached with the overwhelming need of wanting the man who sat ten feet away and simultaneously an ocean’s divide from him.
She flicked the phone away and tucked it back into her satchel. “The camera quality on phones nowadays is a marvelous thing. Would you like a copy?”
Sunlight crept over them as the morning passed into early afternoon. Bright slashes of buttery light painted the bed sheets, spreading warmth over Sherlock’s exposed thighs and John’s jutting left hip bone. Sherlock stared at the downy hairs that sat low on John’s stomach, the breeze of the fan pushing them to-and-fro like wind across a wheat field. He couldn’t help extending his fingers towards those curls, dancing over them with a gentle rhythm.
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“Mrs H?”
John blinked and turned his face around to look out the window. He watched the last of the day’s light sink low beneath the skyline in a final ripple of smoldering summer heat and a small spasm of pain John knew to be regret bloomed in his chest. The memories of the night that had so shifted Sherlock's opinion of John could never be changed and the circumstances that he found himself in at present would do nothing to alter the consequences that had occurred all those weeks ago. Three and a half, to be exact, but John certainly wasn’t counting.
. . .
She’d inherited the unique property from her late husband, an American with a penchant for hookers and blow, whom she’d married on a whim during a drug-fueled weekend of romance and sex in the Florida Keys in 1967. He was an awful husband once outside the heady haze of the bedroom, but his vast real estate holdings that were passed to her, after his death sentence had been fulfilled, proved to be a rather lovely consolation prize.
To Sherlock, the two of them had
. Even the sound of the word
John stood up and took the proffered hand. “John Watson.”
Mrs H was thrilled to bring in a member of the original corps of Robbins’ traveling dancers to teach the choreography to the company - Tobias Baynes. The man’s reputation proceeded him, it seemed, as every member of the company inhaled audibly at the first mention of his name. John did a quick search on his phone, not wanting to be in the dark, and found the man’s impressive body of work spanned over five decades in the dance and theater world. He’d written several books and even debuted a series of paintings based on his travels to rave reviews in 1987 at the Guggenheim. Christ, the man certainly did have a reputation.
“Molly!” he shouted over the music and saw her ponytail flick in recognition of her name. John pointed to Sherlock, worry clear on his face and Molly nodded, grabbing her purse from the booth the dancers had all gathered at, and making her way towards them.
He left the house that morning still enshrouded by night’s long embrace, well before dawn began to make its lavender light known to the sleeping horizon. He breathed in the deep scent of honeysuckle growing in wild tangles down from Mrs H’s window boxes and allowed his legs to lead him north to the subway where he’d head into Manhattan without thinking of John Watson’s fingers playing over his skin, pressing deeply into his over-used muscles and bones.
The next words out of John’s mouth stopped him cold. “Fuck you, Sherlock.”
It was during those times when John would wonder what had ever gotten into him to even attempt to pursue this eccentric creature, who at times, John wasn’t sure was all-together entirely human. What had made him halt his life’s momentum and settle into a bedroom at the top of the stairs in an antique brownstone owned by the most endearing old bat he’d ever met? What had made him forget that his lifestyle was that of a gypsy and that the urge to pick up and move-on was an ever-present tickle at the back of his brain, itching at the nape of his neck?
John raised his eyebrows. “Hmm?”
I'm going to be posting several images of the dancers for NYCB's revival of NY Export: Opus Jazz on my Tumblr for y'all to enjoy. Their costumes actually are street clothes and flat sneakers and the glorious choreography of Jerome Robbins really should have its own style name attached to it, it's that unique. Expressionist Modern Dance just doesn't quite roll off the tongue, ya know? lol
, they turned the production into a lovely film and can be viewed here:
“The idea of home is foreign to you, I know, but come home with me, John. Let me show you London.”
“I’m a sentimental idiot in love, Molly.”
He breathed in deeply at the thought, allowing the music coming from the pit, and subsequently from John’s very fingertips, to fill him with the joy he’d never once allowed himself to see up until that glorious moment. As the applause grew and the curtains clamped down the dusty floor in front of him, signaling the end of the fourth piece, and the two minute mark to the final movement of the ballet, Sherlock grinned like a fool with a heartstruck thought: if there was a world where John Watson did not exist, Sherlock Holmes did not want to be apart of it.
John nodded, despite the fact that Sherlock’s eyes remained closed as he leaned steady and silent against the gently swaying tree at his back. John attempted to maneuver himself out of the hammock without further incident but he stumbled on his right foot as he went, the hammock flying up behind him in an embarrassing display he was sure Sherlock did not miss.
. . .
“Your legs are impossible,” John said this with a slap to Sherlock’s pale thigh, needing a distraction to break the growing tension.
He sipped his coffee on the train, watching the smattering of other passengers sway in harmony to the jostle of the tracks, and smiled when the first light of the day greeted him with a warm kiss across his skin as he climbed out from the subterranean depths of New York’s underground.
Martha Hudson was proud to be the current owner and caretaker of a restored brownstone, circa 1895, which sat sentinel on the left-hand side of the park in the quiet Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York. Despite the street being filled with grand and charming row homes all dating from the same period, hers was one of the few on the block that still retained its exuberant pre-war interior millwork and Victorian-era mantels and moldings, complete with exterior gas lamps, spindled archways, and a grand front hall staircase. Such lavish details were a point of pride to Martha and she took great care in maintaining her home’s original historical integrity. It had become a large portion of her life’s work outside of the company.
Behind him, a floorboard creaked. John’s playing came up short and a stilted trill hiccuped through the piano. He opened his eyes and stared at the wood beneath him, the gold leaf wording of
John watched Sherlock unlock the door of Mrs H’s brownstone with quick, measured movements and stepped inside, eager at the prospect of finally being alone with him behind the safety and security of a locked door. Sherlock kept him on edge as he made his way up to their floor, his fingers trailing behind him on the balustrade, pointing back towards John in teasing invitation. John’s own hand hovered close by, the need to touch Sherlock growing with every passing second.
John smiled and pulled back, enjoying the freedom of the moment. But what John saw when he looked up at the man he’d been holding so tightly rocked John to his core and suddenly, the world turned sideways. Sherlock wasn’t just drunk, he was visibly drugged. He eyes were wild and out of focus, his eyelids heavy with fatigue. The swaying Sherlock had been doing wasn’t just clumsy, intoxicated dancing, it was truly a loss of equilibrium.
prefer the taste of cock over cunt.”
“Yes, sir. It’s a jazz piece at its core. The nature of the genre warrants such liberties, don’t you think?”
As the sun reached its zenith in the blazing August sky, Sherlock sought the shelter of a local theater. He sat in the creaking, antique seats, soaking in the blessed air conditioning for the rest of the day with a bucket of popcorn on his lap that he barely touched, watching a double-feature of two old Hitchcock classics and sipping too much Coke.
“Oi! Pints on me!” The one at the front shouted and Sherlock saw the slight boy at the back nod, agreeable and unobtrusive to the others. To his shock, the boy turned and stared at Sherlock, leaning against the wall with his hips jutted forward and his arms crossed. Their eyes locked for a second, two, three, it was odd. None of them had noticed Sherlock before yet this boy, this quiet, confident young man spotted him against the wall and found it necessary to turn his head and smile at him.
The two hadn’t returned to Brooklyn till late in the evening the previous night, the day’s rehearsals running well past dinner. John had wanted to take Sherlock out, ply him with a proper meal, a glass or two of wine or even a shot of espresso to pep him up, and let his own eyes drink their fill of the man over a small cafe table in some quiet corner of their sleepy neighborhood, but Sherlock had shaken his head of sweat-damp curls at the suggestion. Instead, John had followed the man home in a cab. He sat next to Sherlock silent and anxious, his knee practically bouncing off the seat while the air between them crackled with the same fissuring presence of ozone one experiences right after a lightning strike.
“That’s your spunk on my tongue.”
John huffed again, willing his breath back into his lungs and his temper to stay seated. There was no reason to feel this disappointed, he wasn’t a child who’d was told no to ice cream.
John, not needing to be present at a piano that wasn’t being played, did not get the pleasure of watching the great Mr Baynes work his magic on the dancers during that first week, but he’d often stop by between his other classes and sneak a peek at the progress of the group. He loved the sounds coming out studio 2B, and grinned broadly at the brazen, uncharacteristic movement of the dancers within the studio’s confines. It was different, refreshing and fucking brilliant. He couldn’t wait to see it all unfold on stage in rehearsal where he'd finally be needed for live accompaniment.
Sherlock hadn't been prepared for the overwhelming feelings he had when he was around John, how his pulse would quicken and he'd end up fiddling with his hands, leeching out anxious energy through every fingertip, or how often he’d seek out John's face in the studio’s mirrors with flushed cheeks and bated breath. He surprised himself with how frequently he’d pace back and forth across the floorboards outside John's bedroom door since he’d moved into Mrs H’s house. It’d been easier with John only being around during his workdays with the company, but now, with him not only sharing a roof but a bloody wall with Sherlock, his need to seek out the man had only grown more urgent.
A black sedan pulled up a moment later and John frowned. “This isn’t the one I ordered.”
Yes. Brooklyn.
“Oh, and you’d bribe children with cigarettes? Very gauche.”
“Well spotted.”
John huffed out a startled laugh as he fell into the soft seat, his eyes alight with excitement and the single, blatant question of
John’s brows creased at the sudden confession. It seemed as if Sherlock was attempting to connect with him on another level than just that of sexual attraction and compatibility. It endeared him to John further and he kissed the top of Sherlock’s head with soft lips, whispering condolences into the warm strands of his dark, shining hair.
“Your father was an army doctor,” Sherlock stated, reading the insignia on the tags from where he lay.
Stumbling forward with too much momentum, he turned the misstep into a somersault of a tumble, landing at the footlights and throwing his arms wide, much to the audience’s delight. They clapped and hollered at his display before he leapt up and rejoined his fellow dancers snapping to the music behind him.
“Sherlock? I have something to tell you, dear.”
“What’s interesting?”
“There isn’t any on this floor.”
she thought as she ascended the quarter sawn oak stairs to the second floor, her hands running over the smooth, curved surface of the balustrade, seeking reassurance.
There was only half-melted ice left swirling in the glass clasped in John's palm when he looked down to inspect its contents. He envied it - wanting to melt and slip away himself. The music was cutting into him, pulling out deep-rooted emotions he’d worked tirelessly to keep hidden. How dare Sherlock do this to him without even looking at him, or even being near him. His violin held more power than he realised and John found himself standing from the hammock, free hand clenching into a fist. He needed space. He needing air that did not include the lingering presence of Sherlock and his damn violin.
Martha Hudson sat back in her lounge chair on her patio in utter contentment, a stream of marijuana smoke drifting out of her mouth with a sigh. Mr Baynes’ tenure with the company was being considered a rampant success. The dancers were working harder than she’d ever seen them for a visiting choreographer and Mrs H did not mind one iota about having to stare at the weathered, rugged, downright roguish face of one Tobias Baynes day after day.
“So?”
“There is a large gap between certainty and an educated guess, mummy.”
The rating has been raised for this chapter due to strong language and some suggestive imagery. (Oooo!)
Sherlock watched John enter the classroom with an air of casual, hard-won confidence. The leather satchel John carried, bursting with hand-written sheet music, was slung over his shoulder in an inelegant fashion, a thermos of tea was clasped in his left hand, and to complete the perfect portrait of an artistic eccentric John was clearly trying to portray, a pair of round, wire-framed glasses perched lightly on his upturned nose. His worn plaid button down and corduroy trousers were out of place in a sea of lycra and moisture-wicking synthetic leotards, yet he remained inconspicuous in the back corner behind his piano, never drawing attention to himself, while simultaneously being the only thing in the room Sherlock cared to concentrate on when he wasn’t dancing. John had proved to be quite the distraction and Sherlock found he didn’t like that very much.
John blinked at him, the profound statement taking root in his bones and growing out towards his fingertips with the sudden realisation that John alone was being given permission to witness this vulnerability. To be apart of this chapter-turning moment in Sherlock’s life, the same moment John had thrown away all those years ago in the backseat of a car behind a music hall with the girl he thought he was going to marry before discovering another side of himself. It took all of John’s resolve not to buckle at the knees and end up in a heap on the floor.
“Bloody fucking everything! You’re the genius! How can you not see--” John cut himself off, turning away from the sudden stranger standing in front of him.
. . .
Lifting a leg onto the top barre, he bent over, bringing his arm above his head to reach and grab onto his toes, relishing the warmth blooming through his body as he worked and stretched and prepared himself for morning class. He always preferred to be the first one in the studio for classes, to enjoy the silence of the room and the blessed freshness of the air before all those bodies tainted the atmosphere with their sweat and damp clothes and damn bleeding feet.
At the hour mark, Mr Baynes clapped his hands, feeling confident in his dancers and called for a full run through. John cracked his knuckles and attacked the music only occasionally diverging from the written notes to keep things fresh. He wished that he could watch Sherlock perform as opposed to having pay attention to the composition before him, but John knew that no matter how long this rehearsal took, tonight would find them both enveloped in the comforting embrace of Mrs H’s Brooklyn home and that thought kept John’s hands flying over the keys with a dangerous grin playing at the corners of his lips.
“Not enough data,” was all Sherlock said before licking a long, solid stripe up John’s cock, causing the man to buck into the air like a common beast. He rubbed a hand across his face and punched out air through his nostrils, forcing himself to calm down, lest he embarrass himself beyond all redemption.
He dragged his mouth down, hot breath panting over the black pants covering Sherlock’s virgin skin. John looked up the length of the body spread out before him, finding Sherlock’s light eyes easily in the darkness, the heady nature of the moment coming full circle to land on his shoulders in a crescendo of new and intense emotion. It rippled down his back and pooled inside his chest next to where his heart rested, thudding quickly to a tune John suspected only Sherlock Holmes knew how to play.
“He didn’t say anything in the morning?”
Ever since John had sassed Mr. Baynes over the virtues of improvising, the pair of them had formed a strange bond. They chatted incessantly, sharing and trading anecdotes on their love of all-things-New-York-in-the-60s. Sherlock often spotted them exchanging records and books on the topic after rehearsals. One such book was a personally signed copy of Allen Ginsberg’s
He pinched and patted and adjusted and realigned and moved limbs and fingers and heads to where he wanted them. He was extreme and engaging and did not for one minute ever show his age of seventy-eight years during a class and he expected the dancers to do the same. No one sat, no one rested, they gave it their all and Mrs H was utterly besotted with the man by week’s end.
Subsequently, his appointment at American Ballet Theater had turned into just that - a gig that lasted. He’d originally entered the ranks of the company’s payroll as a substitute for one of their regular in-house pianists. When the man he’d replaced took an extended leave of absence after a difficult surgery, John found himself with a more permanent position and a slightly more stagnant lifestyle. He was happy for the stability of a regular paycheck but the forced inertia felt like a constant itch he couldn’t scratch.
“You’re outside, John.”
She tutted and waved a hand. “Yes, it is, but don’t feel as if you have to walk on eggshells ‘round here. Sherlock certainly doesn’t. This is a home, John. Not a museum.”
“You’re going to kill me,” he rasped out, his voice nothing but gravel and sand. Sherlock had the gall to grin in response and run his tongue along the lip of John’s erection, pulling back the foreskin with his delicate, pale fingers, revealing his hard length fully to Sherlock’s eyes for the first time.
Once outside in the balmy July night, which thankfully held a slight breeze to cool their skin, John grabbed for his phone in his back pocket, pulling up a car ride app.
With an uptick to the corner of his mouth, Mr Baynes’ stoic features slowly morphed into a devilish glint of a smirk that had the entire room leaning forwards, anticipating a Sherlockian response of sharp-tongued ire. What came next surprised them all, judging by the collective gasp that erupted at the man’s firm declaration of, “I agree.”
My aunt had an encounter with him on the streets of New York back in the glorious days of ballet ruling the world. She was standing, waiting for the light to change on Fifth Avenue when she looked to her right and saw that this famous Russian Ballet star was standing next to her. She spluttered and flailed her arms in amazement before shouting, 'Baryshnikov!' Rudolf, being the gentleman that he was, simply smiled at her and gave her a deep bow with a grand sweep of his arm and said, 'Nureyev.' The light had turned green at the point and he walked off, and she stared in awe after him. I just love that story!
“Good. Now, please leave.”
“Yes.”
The bench pushed out suddenly and Sherlock stumbled backward as John stood and turned towards him. His face was a mask of pure predatory anger and Sherlock gulped at the sight, not knowing what had occurred in the span of a second between the sweet final notes of the music to cause the strange dichotomy of John’s playing and his current expression.
“I’m handling it.”
“Yes.”
Martha thought she understood the animosity that radiated out of Sherlock every time he and John were in the same room together, but she didn’t understand why neither of them had acted on it yet. She'd heard rumors, of course, but nothing concrete and Sherlock would never give an inch let alone be chatty towards her in this regard.
of the hotel room.
Sherlock watched the play of emotions on his face with an avid fascination he couldn’t help.
Eyeing the gilded floor length mirror that flanked the entire left-hand wall of the entrance way and the fragile-looking wooden spindles framed in mahogany that arched above him made John beg to differ on that aspect, but he was grateful for Mrs H’s reassurance and tried his best to let the tension leave his shoulders as he took in his surroundings.
"What?
. . .
“Who’s Gainsbourg?” he asked Molly.
“Lovely. Let’s go sit on the back patio then.”
When clapping erupted a moment later, John looked up from his phone and saw the man himself had entered the room, a broad mustache (which, John thought, would be more fitting on a walrus than a man) was his most immediate and predominant feature. He was tall, white-haired and tan as a nut with leathered skin that spoke of the man’s travels more than any internet search could. His eyes were piercing as they scanned the room of new people, assessing all, missing nothing. John knew in that moment that Sherlock would meet his match in this man, and a small, petty part of him looked forward to the uproarious arguments the company would no doubt be privy to in the coming weeks. If anything, the entertainment would serve as a nice distraction from John’s current state of alcohol-drenched depression.
As always, thanks for reading!!
“Sherlock. He’s got his knickers in a twist and we all saw you two leave together on Friday.”
Sherlock hummed and lit another cigarette. He wasn’t going anywhere.
Down the way, a set of uni boys rounded the corner onto the street, their loud, boisterous shouts and hollers echoed through the alley like a shrill call of alarm to Sherlock’s ears. He studied them as they approached, taking in the sight of their broad, muscled shoulders and pink and white striped jerseys, their flushed faces high with the exuberance and excitement of adrenaline no doubt pulsing through their collective veins. Half wore their white collars popped, half wore them down, all were creased through with wrinkles and mud from the pitch. They’d just come from a game and a winning one at that.
John didn’t know if he wanted him to halt or to continue but there was no way John was stopping once he’d made his decision unless Sherlock expressly told him to. He’d been wanting Sherlock to give in and accept that the electricity between them was something that shouldn’t be ignored since the first day he’d locked eyes with him through the mirrors in the studio all those months ago at the start of summer. He dragged the back of his hand up the length of Sherlock’s inner thigh, letting it boldly crest over the side of his cock in his shorts and up the sharp cut of his hipbone where he reached around to the dip of Sherlock’s back and pulled him forward into his chest and the two of them finally collided together in a gasp of released breath.
“Oh yes, Sherlock informed me just last night of your
“You’re slipping, brother mine.”
The fates were against him, it seemed, as Sarah brought over a red handkerchief to tie around John’s neck as if he were some rogue beatnick pirate who happened to have a piano on the upper deck of an artfully decaying ship. He hated how good it looked on him, the red making the blonde of his hair stand out against the slight tan of his skin.
“Don’t get your knickers in a twist. This is Brooklyn. People say fuck before noon on Sundays and life carries on. I assure you.”
John raised his empty glass in response to Mrs H’s obvious question.
“Yes. Do tell me. Have you and Sherlock boned yet?”
This is the current plan!
John nearly toppled on the bench with the sudden loss of Sherlock’s hand on the back of his head and the abrupt departure of his warm presence. He gulped in air and scrubbed his hands over his face, wondering if he hadn’t hallucinated the entire scene that had just played out before him like some bizarre form of power-driven foreplay.
John huffed a laugh. “It was necessary.”
His mother was standing behind him, her leather gloves draped in one, slender hand with elegant poise. She arched a delicate eyebrow at her son and pursed her bow-red lips in question. Sherlocked smiled. “Nothing. Just an observation.”
“Hey,” John said, chuckling as he shook out his right leg, letting it fall to the side, away from Sherlock’s teasing fingers. Sherlock didn’t mind the adjustment, considering the heavy weight of John’s cock had shifted to lay against his pelvis in the process. The gentle skin surrounding the reddened head beneath beckoned Sherlock from his resting place on John’s chest, encouraging him to move closer.
“What happened?” she asked, clearly worried about his trip-into-spontaneous-tumble from earlier. Despite this being a perfectly reasonable question, Sherlock ignored her quandary in favour of snuggling his pointy chin into her bony shoulder.
As always, thank you for reading.
“You certainly have a bee in your bonnet this afternoon, don’t you?” Mycroft said.
Adler, brother mine.”
John’s face betrayed no emotion. He merely nodded and opened the door.
“Considering the angle with which I just snapped my latest in a series I’m going to lovingly call, Sherlock and John - The Early Years, I dare say he’ll be rather scandalized if I did.”
“Oh, well. I think he’s embarrassed?” Molly shrugged and offered John a sad smile. It did nothing to quell his anger at the ass over tea kettle situation.
“There’s nothing here.” Sherlock’s voice sounded surprised.
John was shoving him towards the shower with rough hands on his overly sensitive skin. He'd leave bruises if he wasn't more careful. Sherlock realised that he wanted him to and he sagged at the contact, willing John to manhandle him all the more. Sherlock basked in the attention, even as his stomach growled with a nagging and inconvenient hunger.
John shuddered at that last thought, hating the images it sprung to mind. He sat hard on the piano bench in rehearsal room 2B, wishing he had time to go brew himself a cup of tea - he needed the fortification.
It wasn’t until the fourth movement of the ballet’s performance that evening, under the burning multicolored lights and the dripping of his own sweat that he finally realised what had been shattered earlier on the very same stage—his heart. Sherlock's mouth fell open in a silent O as he felt the fact solidify like the most obvious of truths - Sherlock Holmes had fallen for John Watson.
“Pardon my language, but are you fucking serious?”
He simply wanted.
"who bit detectives in the neck and shrieked with delight in policecars for committing no crime but their own wild cooking pederasty and intoxication,
The fact that Sherlock sought out John’s presence in the room didn’t factor into Sherlock’s assessment, since personal error rarely came into play with his musings. No, John had purposefully sat in such a way that he was always easily spotted in the room no matter where Sherlock stood, and if Sherlock happened to place himself in positions that allowed a clear sight line to John’s spot on the piano bench, well then, Sherlock certainly hadn’t done that on purpose.
who blew and were blown by those human seraphim, the sailors, caresses of Atlantic and Caribbean love,
As opposed to
Sherlock used his mouth and tongue and fingers and teeth how he thought John would like, never once relenting or holding back, determined to make John feel good. Judging by the constant, low-growl of a moan rumbling out of John’s chest, Sherlock suspected he was doing well.
got you to where you are today.”
. . .
“Not quite.”
“I say this with great care in my heart, Sherlock. Stay focused. Sentiment is, and always will be, the downfall of every great artist.”
“Yes, John. She set you up in these rooms with the specific intention that you utilize the piano. Though, if you insist on banging out that insipid jazz you’re always going on about, I may have to poison your tea.”
Sherlock didn’t let the silence linger for long.
He sat down not an hour later at the cream-linen table in the ancient chair and let the waiter drape a napkin over his lap with an overindulgent gesture he didn't much care for but allowed, and finally fixed his brother with an icy stare. The scene felt much like it had all those years previous upon Sherlock moving into the dormitories of the Upper School on Floral Street. Part of him longed to return to those innocent beginnings, but a larger, more rebellious and dominating part of him wanted to scream and fly as far as he could away from London and all of its mist and fog and conspiracy.
John laughed, warm and gentle. “No, he isn’t.” His fingers trilled on the keys, filling the studio with flowery notes of springtime. Sherlock smiled. It sounded like flirting.
She kept chatting until Sherlock gave in and stomped his bare feet onto the dewy grass off the patio just to make her stop with her
“Then why, pray tell, is he so upset?”
Sherlock looked up, his brows creased. “You didn’t take any pictures.”
Whew! Okay, I'm done with nerding out over ballet culture. Can you tell I'm a dork? I mean, yeah.
“Why’s that?”
“Is this where you threaten to tell Mummy? Because I can assure you, dear brother, that she is well aware that we
Mycroft broke first, tapping the tip of his umbrella against the rug as if bringing a classroom of students to attention. “While you may think that this is a form of cruel retaliation towards you both for that
And when the lights dimmed, and the final notes of the score sounded throughout the theater, signaling the end of the ballet’s opening-night performance, the audience repaid the beauty and joy they’d just witnessed in kind with an overwhelming cascade of uproarious cheers. The dancers collectively took a surprising step back at the unabashed praise.
John looked up from his music, pencil poised in his hand, unsure of who had been addressed, considering the room had gone deathly quiet. To his astonishment, Mr Baynes was staring at him. He licked his lips and sat up straighter, the man was rather disarming.
“Did you sleep in the hammock again?” Sherlock asked from his reclined position on the hearth carpet, his voice a scratchy rasp of amusement. His reality had yet to right itself and he found himself smiling at the utter chaos of John’s hair, and the red, rope marks on his cheek, indicating that he’d laid on his left-hand side, facing the garden.
“I do not like your brother.”
He wanted to taste John.
They moved together, Sherlock shifting off his heels while John sunk down onto the floor in front of him. He handed him a pillow from the chair, “for your head,” he instructed, and gently pushed the man onto his back on the soft, woven rug.
The love affair of celebrity and success the two of them experienced over the following years consumed Sherlock in a way he hadn’t been prepared for. Suddenly, he was known. People took photos of him on the street as he entered and exited the company’s doors, he was written up in every glossy magazine one could think of with Irene constantly by his side. He always looked brooding, and she always beamed. It began to itch at Sherlock’s skin, this odd sense that something was amiss. He didn’t like being utilized as an accessory to Irene’s daily ensemble, no, but there was something else lurking in those shiny tabloid images, something very telling in Irene’s blood red smile.
The cause of his flummox had been set into motion the day prior when Mr Baynes made an eleventh hour, critical change to the production: he wanted John on stage for the ballet’s last movement. It was the first, and only true divergence he made from the original stage direction Robbins had set in place over fifty years earlier. No one called him on the blatant alteration, and to Sherlock’s abject and immediate disappointment, Mrs. H had clapped her hands with exaggerated joy at the proposition.
John looked up to see Irene, a soloist with the company. She was all red lips and knowing eyes as she handed him a tumbler full of what he could only assume to be tea. Bless her.
“Don’t,” John began, punching the sound out through his teeth.
“I surely hope you don’t mean me, dear.”
Suddenly, John’s hands were on Sherlock’s shoulders, gripping him hard. Sherlock opened his eyes and stared down at a fierce look of determination on John’s storm-cloud face. “Don’t forget this,” he said, shaking Sherlock slightly to emphasize his words. “Remember this.”
anywhere,” John remarked, sudden and with an air of surprise to his voice. He was in his head, far away from Sherlock, pondering thoughts deeper than those of commitment and shipping prices. Sherlock placed his hands on John’s strong shoulders, felt the muscles flex beneath his palms, and pulled him in.
“The fans work well enough.” Sherlock gestured to yet another door and John opened it to reveal a smaller antechamber, no doubt the closet. Inside sat three upright fans waiting to be used.
“You’re the third John Watson.”
“Of course you are, dears, but the bagels have arrived. They're still warm, fresh from the ovens!”
When in London, Siobhan Holmes always insisted on having tea at The Criterion on Piccadilly. Her mother had taken her there for tea and her mother’s mother had taken her before that, it was a tradition in the family and probably the only tradition Siobhan ever bothered following in her life.
Sherlock stood and stepped into John’s space. “I beg your pardon?”
Sherlock lifted his chin in defiance, marched down the seventeen steps with a flippant air, and snatched the package from his brother’s pale fingers. “Fine,” he gritted through his teeth. “Lead the way,
“Satie is hardly your favorite composure.”
Sherlock watched as John raised a hand in a halting gesture, his eyes sliding shut with tension. “Just to be clear, I’m not now, nor will I ever, seek your approval. And this plan to uproot Sherlock’s life is shit.”
“Placing blame on both of us. Surely, I’m not solely responsible for being a lovesick fool.”
Molly shrugged again. “Sherlock’s odd.”
Sherlock took his place upon the dusty black floor, his fingers twiddling along the seam of his jeans with excess energy. He stole a glance towards his right, seeing John at his piano, head bowed towards the music with his hair a riot of blonde tangles glowing blue under the stage lights. His red handkerchief was tied artfully about his neck, distinguishing him from the other dancers. The sight caused another shock of electricity to shoot down Sherlock’s spine and he bounced on the balls his feet in response, wringing his hands to shake off the feeling.
Sherlock blinked in utter fascination at the man as Mr Baynes walked to the piano bench and extended his hand for John to shake. “Your name, young man?”
“Did you just . . . improvise?”
“Do you now?”
A warm, wet heat touched the tip of his cock and John’s head flew up from the leather chair back, his vision landing immediately on the image of Sherlock Holmes between his taut, strained thighs with his eyes closed and a crease of concentration present between his eyebrows as he tasted John’s skin. John had to remind himself to breathe.
“Uh, thanks?” John’s patience was running thin. Why did Irene have this strange obsession with him and Sherlock? It was somewhat disturbing.
Smiling to himself, Sherlock closed his eyes, blocking out every other sound around him except for John’s piano keys speaking to him across the humid air of the room, basking in the knowledge that the two of them could communicate through something other than words. It was science and beauty and syncopated rhythms combined—a language all their own.
“Irene Adler, Mycroft.”
“I have three more packages of these in the car. One little chat with me and you’ll be free to slowly poison your lungs with black tar to your heart’s content. Though you do know how I feel about such habits.”
“John!”
“I’m happy you’re here.”
Sherlock laughed despite his mother's scoff of indignation.
Sherlock scoffed, his hand falling to the back of John’s head to play with the riotous tangles of his impossible blonde hair. John peeked out from his hiding place, his storm-blue eyes finding Sherlock’s own as he raised his head. They took a moment to watch each other, silent yet questioning, daring the other to speak.
“No, you’re a melodramatic child. And you’re pissed at me.”
“Yes! Exactly, Molly. Good! Now try it again!”
“It is practically midnight!”
Sherlock inhaled deeply on his cigarette, hating the sting of his brother’s words and instead, relishing the burn and rush of the smoke filling his lungs. He closed his eyes and let the nicotine seep into his veins, wishing he could be anywhere else but cradled in the clutches of Mycroft’s web at that very moment.
John stared up at the large, marble arched doorway of Mrs H’s brownstone with something akin to wonder in his eyes. It was right out of a storybook or a Wes Anderson film. The place evoked visions of the past to John, of stovepipe hats and layered skirts, and carriages drawn by horses and lamps lit with gas and fire - actually, that last bit was a reality he noted as he watched a real flame flicker in the lantern next to the door. He’d been around his fair share of grand homes in England, but it was always a bit of a culture shock to be confronted with such history stateside what with all the glass towers and modern architecture New York boasted.
Sherlock crossed his arms and arched an elegant eyebrow. His head high and nose impossibly long as he stared down the length of it at John. There were no words forthcoming, but his expression was so pointed and clear that John took a step back, stunned into silence. His anger slowly abated while dread pooled in its place.
He felt ridiculous for his erratic jealousy, but emotions concerning other people were rather new to him and having them flood his system all at once was an overwhelming experience he’d yet to comprehend.
John smiled down at his hands resting on top of the piano keys as his fanciful thoughts ran away with him. He may be slightly biased but he didn’t care.
. . .
was the music written by Robert Prince for
He stared at the empty space before him, hearing John’s last words repeat in his head,
She looked up at him, amusement clear in her eyes. “Ginsberg.”
The strange young man winked and then he was gone; jogging off to find his mates on their way to their celebrations. Sherlock was flummoxed by the entire experience, and he hated feeling that way.
John scowled and sat down hard on the piano bench. He felt like a caged animal, waiting for this impossible man to do whatever it is he was doing behind that damnable door. Naked and wet and . . . John groaned as his head fell forward onto the black and white keys, the sound of their disjointed notes smashing together in a perfect representation of the tempest of emotion swirling in his gut.
“Shit.” John angrily punched in the address to Molly’s flat, not knowing where Sherlock lived. Recreational drug use on a night off was one thing, but this situation was fucked.
Sobering at the thought of Sherlock having taken something, or worse, someone having targeted him with a spiked drink, John immediately started to part the crowd, bringing Sherlock with him.
The small conversation he and John have in this chapter goes a little something like this: You okay? Yup, I'm okay. And then Greg alludes to Sherlock still being inside the studio. He also refers to John as a 'gaitanet' which is an endeared form of giatan, which is Gyspy. I have no idea if this is actually a thing, but to endear a word in French you can add either 'et' or 'ette' at the end (depending on gender) and so I kinda made it up. My mother is the French speaker, not me, I just know bastardized, basic vocab. Please tell me if I've failed at the small amounts of French in this chapter and I will fix it, post haste.
Sherlock’s face fell at the final word. John was right, Sherlock knew it. He cast his eyes downward and away from John, his breathing ragged and not from the dancing. Sherlock realised with alarming shame that the prickling sting at the corner of his eyes was the telltale sign of tears. He cursed under his breath and shook his head of every emotion he felt, trying to rid them from this body.
“Of course I do.”
“No one likes Mycroft, John. It’s quite alright.” Sherlock hesitated a beat, allowing John to step ahead of him into the kitchen. “Though it may please you to hear that he is fully aware of his repugnance to the entirety of the human race outside Downing Street.”
“No. Just - a drink. Which way is the kitchen?”
“--wouldn’t you say, Sherlock?”
. . .
It was sloppy. It was undignified. It was base and raw and debauched and utterly perfect. Sherlock came with a cry and spasm of his hips, his body shivering under the attention of John’s deft hands and wicked tongue.
He waited.
No matter how down he’d been feeling as of late, seeing this movement, this happy, free movement erupting with such joy from the dancers made John smile. He couldn’t help himself, it was a fantastic sight to behold.
“Research.” He said, taking John into his mouth and swallowing him whole. He hummed happily as the semi-soft cock grew firmer under his tongue.
“John--” Sherlock started to say but John was crowding him, pushing him back towards the barre at the wall. Sherlock collided with the barre, the wood pressing hard into the muscles of his back as John surged forward, his chin jutting upwards, giving him the allusion of extra height.
John tilted his head to the side. “I don’t really care either way. Tonight, I prefer you.”
John went to slide open the music room’s door just as Mrs Hudson can bustling down the hallway with a full sterling silver tea service, replete with freshly imported digestives. Sherlock could see Mycroft salivate at the sight of the hobnobs displayed elegantly along the tray. John, however, was less than pleased at their landlady’s timely appearance.
He didn’t think there was.
If Sherlock had struggled over the past months with having John as a distraction in the studio while he sat quiet and sentinel behind him in the mirrors, he was surely going to set something on fire with the agitation burning inside him over having John placed front and center on stage during a live performance. He’d much prefer him being left to relative obscurity in the bowels of the pit with the rest of orchestra.
“I don’t like people.”
Their afternoon descended into a tangle of tangled limbs and fevered moans as they rolled and writhed on the bed. There was nothing dignified in the way Sherlock’s mouth sought out John’s, the way their hands groped at sweat-slippery skin and their hips rocked the iron bed frame into the wall in a staccato rhythm. Mrs Hudson could probably hear them on the floor below. Sherlock didn’t care. Let the old woman have a bit of a thrill over the sound of her tenants copulating upstairs. After all, no one had ever confused Sherlock for being a decent person.
- Inspector Gaynes (no first name, hence the need for one) only shows up once in ACD canon but he's the most observant of the inspectors that ACD has written, to the extent that Sherlock even praises the man after solving a case alongside him. This is the reason I added in the bit about John thinking that Sherlock may have found his equal in the man, intelligence-wise.
“Mycroft, are you sure I can’t convince you to come back to Sussex with me? Your father misses you.”
“I beg your pardon?”
Martha Hudon’s house.
The rasp of wooden legs against the floorboards cut through the air as John stood from the bench and moved to take hold of the overwhelming man standing before him with soaked hair and open eyes, burying his nose into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder and breathing in all that beautiful, shower-fresh scented skin. It wasn’t long before his tongue was reaching out to taste that delicious skin, his teeth following suit, nipping beneath Sherlock’s ear and whispering his secret hopes into the shadows at the back of Sherlock’s neck.
We do find out who drugged Sherlock, though! Keep reading to reveal the mystery!
We make it to opening night. Finally.
“Pfft. How boring.”
John cleared his throat. It was hot in his room. He wondered about air conditioning.
So! What did you think? Was that uni kid, John?! *gasp*!! Or just a young man in a sports uniform who happened to catch Sherlock's eye?
John paused on the landing to find Mrs H standing just inside the sliding doors she’d escaped to earlier in the day. “Oh, hi.”
“There are too many people.”
“Extend, Sherlock. Use those long limbs. Reach for it. Yes!”
It had been two weeks since John had awoken in the hammock in Mrs H’s backyard and was greeted by the sight of Sherlock in the grass with fresh coffee on the table. It was the only interaction the two men had in all that time, outside of the occasional greetings they’d share at home or when their eyes would lock for fleeting, heated moments in the rehearsal studio mirrors. Sherlock would always be the first to look away and John would push his fingers harder into the ivory keys beneath him, pouring his feelings into the piano to keep from bolting through the door and ripping his hair out from finally being driven mad by the man.
“My, my you’re in quite the chipper mood.” Mrs H was practically leering his direction as she squeezed a slice of lime into her Waterford crystal glass, filled mainly with gin and a splash of tonic for appearances.
Was that okay?
Also, French-speaking, shaggy-haired, salt n' pepper Greg. *sigh* Pardon me while I melt.
“Pathetic,” he spat in Mycroft’s direction before turning to Siobhan. “You knew, didn't you?”
“I’m fine.”
Molly nodded. “Well, you know. Dancers.” She waved her hand in the general direction of the entrance as if that explained everything and then her brows furrowed at Sherlock’s state beside them. John was bodily holding him upright and it was a near thing at that.
So, I've made Greg a shaggy-haired, salt n' peppa Frenchman. Guh! *falls over* I'd die.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just as John was leaning over to take Sherlock in, Sherlock shifted up onto his elbows and stared down at his cock, his attention once again zeroed-in on John and John alone. John arched an eyebrow at him, a smile curving at the corner of his mouth in question.
“Drugs and tattoos, mummy.”
slide.
The flash of a memory to an hour before on Floral street crossed Sherlock’s mind. Warm lips forming into an inviting smile. Broad shoulders and soft, blonde hair. The boy who was both charmingly humble and surprisingly confident staring back at him when no one else ever bothered looking. Sherlock wondering what it would be like to be someone’s friend . . .
“You’re an idiot.” Sherlock’s voice cut deep into the flesh of John’s belly and buried itself in the marrow of his right hip bone. He blinked back at the man, hurt clear on his features. Sherlock merely stared. Assessing. Always assessing, never answering.
. . .
Sherlock saw nothing but smiles and white, gleaming teeth as the heavy, weighted curtains parted to allow for one curtain-call, then two, then three. Mr Baynes walked out on stage with several stagehands, holding a bouquet for every female dancer and shaking the hands of each male dancer in turn. He swept his arm, gesturing to the orchestra and the Maestro, who stood and bowed deeply before extending his arms to John up on stage. John brought himself up to his full height with what Sherlock could see were slightly uneasy legs, the din of the continual applause no-doubt zapping him of his performance-filled adrenaline. He bowed once, twice, then sat down hard on the piano bench, shaking his head and laughing at the humbling, yet no doubt, overwhelming experience.
“The hormonal animosity of youngsters,” she stated two minutes later, apropos of nothing.
John rocked on his heels at the shock of Sherlock’s voice breaking the quiet stillness of the ripe, humid air in the room. The sound was wrecked and debauched and utterly gorgeous to John’s ears. He wanted to play that sound on loop and improvise an entire piece around the resonating depths of Sherlock’s baritone. He’d never been more torn in his life to either sit down behind a piano and compose or to remain where he stood and witness how fate would play out his cards for him.
Sherlock flipped a hand through the air. “Please. You have the photographs.”
Things may change.
Molly looked up again, her expression genuine as she drew her brows together in thought. “He was gone before I got up. There was a note on the counter that read ‘thanks’ and a pot of coffee resting on the hob. I thought that was rather nice of him, actually, but I haven’t seen him since. Not until this morning’s class.”
Sherlock pointedly put his back to John and faced Mrs H, lounging languid and cool as a cucumber in her chair, before raising his violin and bow into position. She gave him an indulgent smile and gestured behind him towards John in the hammock, attempting to include him. Sherlock ignored her. John sighed.
“Oh.” John stared at the wall covered in oddly patterned wallpaper, wondered what Sherlock’s room looked like, smelled like . . . he shook himself and nodded. “Right.”
Sherlock nodded, his lips parted.
who let themselves be fucked in the ass by saintly motorcyclists, and screamed with joy,
It was an intoxicating truth.
When Sherlock sunk to his knees, all of John’s thoughts fizzled to a crisp, eradicated from his mind by the devastating sight of Sherlock in all his proud, singular beauty kneeling down before him.
They passed him by without so much as a glance in his direction, as if he were nothing but a smudge on the wall behind him. Sherlock’s eyes followed the final boy in the group, the one who lingered in the back with a secret smile of triumph across his lips and his fisted hands humbly shoved into his pockets. He was happy for his team, but it was clear to Sherlock that this boy, this slight, sandy-haired young man was the one who’d scored the winning goal. It was obvious.
John laughed, it was a strangled sound.
Much to John’s delight, now that they were doing full-dress on stage, the need for live accompaniment was paramount to prepare the dancers for the slight improvised differences the orchestra would make come opening night, which meant that John was called in to play. The music wasn't written for solo piano accompaniment alone which meant John was working with altered variations. Tomorrow, an upright bassist, percussionist and a trumpet player would join him, but for now, it was just John and his black and white keys.
John turned his head to take in Sherlock beside him, and all the wind left his lungs. Sherlock looked furious. His eyes were practically burning holes into Irene’s skin from where he stood. It confused John and worried him all at once. What had he missed?
Link to Tumblr post of Opus Jazz imagery:
“I am always serious, John Watson. Get used to it.”
John scoffed, a dangerous smile on his lips. “Yeah. I would. At least I can fucking admit it.
They moved together to the oppressive heat and beat of the music, cocooned in each other’s embrace. John smiled as he kissed and licked at the skin he’d long wanted to taste and felt Sherlock’s moans vibrate against his chest, his lips exploring what was available to him. Sherlock was clinging to him, his hands skittering all over John’s back and hips and legs like he was memorizing every bit of the man’s anatomy. John welcomed the attention, his own hands splayed possessively against Sherlock’s lower back, his pinkies dipping into the waistband of his tight jeans and the rest of his fingers playing a frenetic rhythm of notes against Sherlock's spine.
who howled on their knees in the subway and were dragged off the roof waving genitals and manuscripts,
“God, I missed you.”
Sherlock shook his head of such fancies. How he’d fallen down such a melancholy path of memories, he didn't know but he was determined to shake himself free of the unwanted thoughts. He didn’t need anyone to smile at him, he only needed his teachers to show him how to be better, how to be the best. Compliments and warm affection were never given freely, and he had learned to be frugal when it came to such emotional transactions. If he needed to feel something, there was always the studio and the endless need to push himself farther and farther beyond his breaking points, leaving limits behind him, only to seek perfection ahead of him on the infinite horizon line. Yes, the dull, wooden floorboards and the glare of too many silver-backed mirrors were all he needed.
“Why?”
A moment passed. Then two. Sherlock tensed in the growing silence but before he could formulate some vague platitude he knew would be a lie warm arms wrapped around him from behind and Sherlock felt John bury his head into his soft curls. Sherlock swallowed his panic, which had been steadily climbing up his throat, forcing himself to remain calm in the wake of his admission. He curled into the cocoon of John’s arms, his fingers trailing through the pale, blonde hairs of his forearms.
“Oh, I didn’t know you had a brother.”
If you're wondering why Sherlock is described as wearing sneakers while rehearsing for a ballet, it's because Jerome wanted this ballet danced in sneakers - street shoes. If you'd like to see the famous image of 'the kick' that John talks about from
John glared up at her. So much for enjoying his cup of tea. He couldn’t drink it now in good conscience, and that was a damn shame for England. “You’re a piece of work, you know that?”
John lifted his head up from the piano and the piece he'd been studying at the sound of a thoroughly overjoyed Mrs H bustling into the upstairs music room. She approached with quick-footed steps and arms outstretched. John gave her an indulgent smile, knowing he was in for one hell of a squeeze.
“What were you going to say?” Sherlock prompted, dragging a fingernail along John’s shoulder blade.
“Only if you want to.”
Turning his head, he glared at the shiny glass doors of The Royal Ballet’s Upper School boarding house, its strange modern facade an anomaly in the sea of the ornate architecture surrounding him. His mother was behind those closed doors, her long, black coat tailored to her delicate form just visible beyond the seafoam glass. She’d been chatting away with the housemaster for the past twenty minutes, much to Sherlock’s dismay. After the first two, he’d wanted to stick needles into his eyelids just to help pass the time.
Irene folded her arms across her petite torso, her nose high and straight. “No.”
“Wait!”
John’s warm presence left his side once they reached the seats at the bottom of the theatre’s orchestra section. He stepped away from him without so much as a nod of acknowledgment. Sherlock fought back a whimper of pain at the sight of those beautiful, blonde tangles atop John’s head moving farther and farther from him. There was no sly smile being thrown over his shoulder or a cheeky wink aimed in Sherlock’s direction, just the defiant posture of John’s body, the message of stay away being broadcasted loud and clear in the fierce line of his jaw and the tight clench of his hands.
“Good. As you were.”
“Yes, yes. I know. Whatever. Forgive me for wanting to compliment my . . .” John stalled, the humid air in the room suddenly felt strained with the tension of uncertainty.
More gasps and a few claps of happy surprise echoed around them. It seemed John’s sass had just earned him a promotion.
“Where’s Sherlock? He shouldn’t be left out.”
“Live with me, John.”
“Sherlock, I can’t afford to live in London. I can barely afford to live here! Thank god for Mrs Hudson or I’d—”
WE DID IT!!! *tosses confetti*
Sherlock shoved at John’s shoulders, no longer wanting to be cowed into submission. The two of them fell forward before Sherlock grabbed John, twisted him and shoved him back to where he’d just been, giving the man a taste of his own ire. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
“Promise me that you won’t spook.”
His room was actually a set of rooms, to John’s immense and utter astonishment. Sherlock had pulled apart yet another set of sliding doors to reveal what looked to be a study, complete with fireplace and a matching set leather chairs, but what took his attention for a spin as soon as he spotted it was the baby grand piano in the corner next to a large floor to ceiling window whose drapes had been pulled aside. Light spilled out over onto the keys, illuminating the dull, yellowing ivory into a glowing white.
At some point, they'd ended up deep underground in a dance club in the heart of the Meat Packing district. John could feel the weight of the humid air pressing in around him, the heat of the bodies on all sides and the endless rounds of shots the dancers provided blurring into a haze of laughter and reckless enjoyment. Sherlock had been amongst the group that night, his tall, brooding figure lurking at the corners of the crowd, surveying all but participating little. John had seen him, on the outskirts of the dancefloor, staring at him, studying him, his eyes wide and wanting, his gaze penetrating and needy. John smiled at him from across the dance floor, his easy manner and confidence compounded with the aid of the cheap whiskey swirling in his belly and he weaved his way towards him. If John were the prey, he was willingly submitting to his fate.
She tapped on the door with what sounded like the tips of her nails and then the room fell silent; Mrs H had left as quickly as she'd come. John buried his head in Sherlock's hair and chuckled. There was simply no other way to respond to what had just happened.
“Deny it,” Sherlock challenged. Mycroft remained silent.
“Oui, ça va.” John choked out.
to her; she was saving him from himself. The gentle pressure of her fingers kept him in line and he was grateful for her presence at his side. If he survived this day, Sherlock resolved to send her a ridiculously gauche bouquet of flowers from Mrs H’s favorite florist.
He laughed and Sherlock could smell the peppermint in the air from his toothpaste and taste the sweetness of his honeyed tea left lingering on his tongue.
The moment hung in the air, tense and poised as if they were counting the seconds between a thunderclap and a lightning strike. Except, the seconds were lasting too long, their count climbing too high, and John’s mind came back into focus as he cast his gaze downward and realised that Sherlock was frozen in shock and that the hands hovering above John’s damp thighs were shaking with indecision.
John’s eyes fell closed.
“Do I? Hmm, must be the company.”
She scoffed at him, waving an elegant hand through the air as if it were choreographed and then dug into the satchel slung across her hip. She pulled out her phone and thumbed at the screen, a wicked little smile crossed her face before she turned the phone towards John, showing him what had so amused her.
“Jesus.”
He stalked towards John on solid, strong, decided legs, his head tilted back just so on his neck—cock-sure and brazen, his hips jutting forward with the hormone-filled swagger of every Romeo that came before him. Reaching his prize seated at the piano, he leaned down, crowding into John’s space, and brushed the tip of his nose against the sensitive skin just behind John’s ear, following with his lips, slicked wet with his tongue. He made sure to position his body to face downstage so that the entire audience could see his lust for John spilling out of every butterfly kiss he placed on his skin, every nuzzle of cheek, every brush of lips. He made sure they could see the long swipe of his tongue as he licked the shell of John’s ear and trailed his hands through his riotous blonde tangles. He wanted them all to know, to witness what they couldn’t have, what Sherlock was claiming as his own for once and for all.
There were five movements to learn and Mr Baynes had yet to show them any by the end of week one. Chunks of choreography were used in the class warm-ups and floor work, but nothing had been organized into a context yet, nothing had been dolled out into parts, nothing had even been set to its proper music. Mr Baynes, instead, lead the classes with vinyl recordings of what he called
“Ballet dancers are not that interesting, Mycroft.”
. . .
Sherlock nodded, contented to carry on with his day and leave the ghost of feelings he’d experienced back in the alleyway where they belonged.
Dame Margot Fonteyn - A true Dame in every sense, she was born in 1919 and passed in 1991, and danced until the age of 60! She had several successful partnerships during her long and celebrated career but her most famous was with Rudolf Nureyev, whom she started dancing with when was 42 and he was 24. I mean, come on! She's such a bad ass! She is a personal favorite of mine, and I love her dearly. We had a massive biography of hers while I was growing up, filled with beautiful black and white images of her dancing throughout the years, that I devoured as a child and young adult. Being an aspiring dancer myself, she was a personal hero. She also had incredible style, being one of the heralders of Dior's 'New Look' that took over Paris in the 40's/50's. I guess you could say she was the Audrey Hepburn of the ballet world, but both are such fierce and wonderful women, I'd hate to compare the two.
“Here you are, dear.”
Sherlock didn’t even look at him as he stood and walked out the studio door, ignoring John altogether. Shocked and a bit offended, John walked over to Molly at the back of the studio who was sewing up ribbons onto a new pair of pointe shoes.
growing up, or had to sit through a rewatch of the musical on the telly while being looked after by a grandmother or a great aunt. The choreography of Jerome Robbins was unmistakable and that particular move that John had the glory of witnessing first hand was the ultimate calling-card of Robbins’ style.
Mrs H was busy staring up into the quickly darkening sky and did not respond to John’s initiation of conversation. He tried again.
on stage at the theater across the square dressed in their new costumes of flat sneakers and carefully styled street clothes. They looked all the world like a bunch of teenagers heading to a drive-in to catch a double feature in small-town America as opposed to a group of professional and outstandingly talented ballet dancers, and that was exactly what Jerome Robbins wanted.
anyone before.”
Sherlock watched John’s world crumble as he paced the carpet before him and some small part of him relished the power he held over the man at that moment. The rest of him burned with self-loathing at ever making John Watson feel inferior. Despite his internal remorse, he prodded further.
“Well . . .”
“You can close your mouth now, John.”
Catching on, John’s tentative hand fisted into Sherlock’s tangles and tugged. Sherlock moaned, his entire body arching towards the sensation, his skin prickling with heat. Sherlock’s cheek was damp where it rested on John’s pelvis, the humidity of the room growing with every pant of breath, every pull of his mouth. Sherlock leaned up on his elbow and nuzzled his nose along the soft hair at the base of John’s cock, breathing John in and swallowing him down as far as he dared. John cursed above him on the bed, his hips pushing into the mattress, his thighs shaking.
“My father is also dead.”
(Side note: Mikhail Baryshnikov is another famous (equally as famous) Russian Ballet dancer who defected to the West and became an international dancing star. He's starred in many films, became the artistic director of ABT, created The White Oak Dance Project, and now works out of studio space in Hell's Kitchen in NYC, helping to cultivate young artists and their creations. His nickname is Misha, I've had a crush on him since the age of 12, and he's glorious.)
Fair warning, the 'some angst' tag refers to this chapter. Proceed with caution and perhaps a bracing cup of tea or dram of whisky.
He placed a pint of bitter on the sticky tabletop. He had no plans to drink it, John would happily do the honours for him later. He picked up his beloved Strad gingerly from its hard-shell case, fingers brushing reverently across the blue crushed velvet interior before attaching the shoulder pad and lifting the violin to his shoulder. It tucked in close to his neck and he held it tight with his chin. Across from him, seated at the upright piano, shoved against the back wall, was John, his tousled blonde hair glowing golden in the mellow lamplight of the pub. They gave each other a nod and struck up a familiar tune as smiles broke out in the crowd around them.
Sherlock continued his avoidance of John well into the night, ignoring the invitation to go out for post-rehearsal noshes and drinks with the cast, much to John’s confusion and understandable disappointment. He watched Sherlock stalk away down the dampened pavement towards the subway, his head high, his curls bouncing with each long stride. John found himself frowning at the sight of Sherlock moving farther and farther away from him, feeling adrift and not knowing exactly why. What had happened in the past few days to make Sherlock’s demeanor turn so cold towards him after they’d come so far? They’d finally discovered what they could be to each other and yet John felt more untethered than ever, his exotic bird leaving him behind.
The sheer insinuation of such a statement caused John to take a half step back from the man, having no right to feel so tempted by someone who was practically asleep before him. He licked his lips again, shifting his stance, unsure of how to act or where to look or even how to breathe. How had he gotten here? What exactly had Greg intended when he sent John in here and what on earth did Sherlock mean when he asked about making himself useful while looking like an overflowing cone of decadent gelato that needed the immediate attention of John’s too-eager tongue?
Mrs H grinned over her stylish reading glasses, “Well, not always.”
“Well then, I don’t see the need for all this melodrama. I really thought you were above this, John.”
Sherlock stilled on the first step of the staircase, his fingers tensing against the balustrade. He stared down at his hand on the cool, wooden surface, watching his knuckles whiten with strain. “What are you doing here?”
John’s lips tightened, a smile cut short of its full intent, a grimace held back with effort.
. Enjoy!
“This is jazz, kids. Not ballet. Disabuse yourself of the notion that pretty is the end game. It isn’t.”
John sealed his confession with a kiss.
“So, you couldn’t stand another moment of being indoors? Did your gypsy soul finally catch up with you and beckon you out into the great unknown?”
“Don’t stop kissing me,” Sherlock whispered, desperate and needy and not caring in the slightest.
“No, Sherlock. I’m . . . no,” John shook his head. He didn’t have the words to describe what this was, what he felt, but it most certainly had nothing to do with the temperature outside the open windows. He turned on the piano bench to stare up into Sherlock’s face, willing him to see how on edge he was, how desperate, and how his need to touch Sherlock at that moment rang out through his fingertips so intensely he balled his hands into fists to keep himself still.
John was never one for holding back, but Sherlock was certainly one for avoidance. Every time John worked up the nerve to confront him, Sherlock found a way to dodge or make himself scarce. John would have been impressed if he wasn’t the target of Sherlock's not-so-passive resistance and already frustrated beyond measure.
Thank you all of you guys for your patience! This is it!  We're basically there, this is the happy ending you've all been waiting for, with the exception of one more epilogue chapter to follow. (Which will still end happily, don't worry.) I was going to end this guy on a cliffhanger but decided to be a good person and not do that to y'all, so all that extra bit of drama and action will occur in the epilogue and for now, you can enjoy the sickening fluff of the chapter below. :)
It wasn’t a guess, nor had it been spoken as a question needing confirmation. Sherlock knew he had gotten it in one. John remained silent.
“What the hell happened after I left?”
Molly pushed back from his (surprising to begin with) embrace. “What?”
I hope you guys enjoyed this interim chapter before we get to opening night. I couldn't stop writing Sherlock's backstory these past weeks.
-mistake thanks to Miss Adler’s photographs.”
Sherlock Holmes had found love.
Behind them, a delicate clink of a door being shut echoed through the room, just as Sherlock moaned out John’s name. John’s desire for the man did a skyrocketing thrust into an instant dive of shock at the simultaneous sounds, and fell forward from the force of it all. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s suddenly tense knee and took in a gulp of much-needed air to calm his racing heart. A small, feminine giggle trickled along John’s spine. It made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end as Sherlock slowly righted himself in the chair, leaving John untethered and hovering awkwardly on his knees at his feet. He turned and saw Irene standing in the doorway, her red lips curling with mischief.
“So, you decided to let yourself in and watch,” Sherlock said. John felt him stand up at his side and, with a sigh, stood himself.
Mycroft sat back in his chair, a look of controlled indifference crossing his features. Sherlock knew it was forced. He had him. He stubbed out his cigarette with a flourish and locked eyes with the man he’d once so admired.
(See the end of the chapter for
and tried his best not to stumble when he felt Sherlock's body heat radiating off him in the confinement of the small space. John didn't dare let them touch as he passed but John felt branded by the chaste proximity, marked as owned by Sherlock’s presence alone. Suddenly, he was short of breath.
. . .
He was two feet away from the bathroom door when he turned back and blurted, “But, the bagels, John.”
for their recruits. The paces Mr Baynes took the company through were brutal, even to Sherlock, who relished the burn in his muscles after a vigorous day in the studio but was finding that even his body (annoyingly) had limits.
magazine flipped open on the table. He heard her place a delivery order at the bakery around the corner for bagels just as he was turning to leave with his fresh coffee in hand, and gave her another kiss on the cheek in silent thanks before heading out towards the hallway. A bagel loaded with lox and cream cheese sounded like a rather nice start to the day.
The only thing he was certain of during those early autumn weeks of blurred rehearsal schedules and sleepless nights was the need to figure out why Irene, who at the best of times spoke a total of ten words to him a day, was so insistent on being his constant companion. He hadn't minded at first, ignorantly assuming she was allowing him the solitude he so eagerly cultivated around himself but the charade had long lost its novelty. Sherlock had run out of patience when it came to her simpering smiles for the cameras and her cunning ability to both be present in his life and yet completely inconsequential to anything and everything to do with him.
John smiled and nipped at the skin beneath his lips, “of course they have.”
“Hey, I’m sorry.”
He failed.
“Sherlock!” He heard in a strangled whisper to his right. He turned and there she was, wringing her hands, ponytail twitching behind her head as if it had a life of its own. In three long strides, Sherlock had caught up to her, and engulfed her in a bone-crushing hug. His smile could charge the power grid for the entire city, he was beaming so bright.
“We’re English. Tea is always appreciated.”
He nodded to Greg, who stood watch behind the curtain. An unlit cigarette dangled from his lips with a headset nestled in the waves of his salt n’ pepper hair - he looked the perfect definition of an Established New York Artistic Eccentric and he knew it. He motioned to the dancers to form a queue after the signal of ‘places ’ echoed through his headphones. One by one, he ushered them, whispering merde to each dancer on their way to the stage. When it was Molly’s turn to step up beside him, her cheeks already a telling shade of pink, he winked. In response, Sherlock was almost certain he heard her squeak.
What greeted him once the large, arched doorway yawned open was not what John expected in the slightest. In fact, the sight of dark curls and a narrowed, scathing gaze staring out of an impossibly pale and sharp face was so startling to him, he balked in surprise, almost dropping his things.
Sherlock didn’t move, defiant as ever. After a full minute, he heard a thud behind his door and wondered if it was a fist or the resigned collide of John’s weary head. When the sound repeated a moment later, sullen and despondent, Sherlock had his answer: the head.
“I do hate repeating myself, but I will just to relish the look on your face. Irene is the one who drugged me. I let her. She thought she was fooling me. Giving me a bit of a ‘helping hand’ or whatever it is she said I needed as she handed me the shot of tequila since she insisted that I was head-over-tea-kettle for John in the first place. I watched her slip the pill into my glass and pretended to be too drunk to notice. I. Let. It. Happen, Mycroft. I wanted to feel free from all the goddamn pressure you put me under. I wanted to feel loose. I wanted to live for one bloody evening. I wanted to finally know what it felt like to get fucked and I wanted John Watson to do it.”
“There’s coffee.”
“Well,” John said, feeling every bit as awkward as he most assuredly looked with his skin flushed from the humidity of the day, the weight of his bags cutting into his shoulders, and the topsy-turvy situation he now found himself. Not two days ago he’d been wondering about whether or not a cat would help alleviate the rat problem in his building and now he had a set of keys to an entire brownstone in his hands.  “You don’t actually have to show me around. Just point me in the right direction and I’ll--.”
The two men sat in woven French cafe chairs outside a creole restaurant around the corner from Mrs H’s brownstone, both feigning relaxed postures. Two matching sets of long legs were crossed elegantly in front of them, taking up large portions of the pavement. Sherlock kicked out at his brother’s bespoke Italian loafer just as he went to take a sip from his tea, causing him to spill the hot liquid down his shirt front, and staining his silk tie. Sherlock puffed out a laugh of cigarette smoke, the satisfaction of a gag well pulled evident to everyone around them.
Sherlock cleared his dry throat after a few minutes of watching the beauty of John’s sorrow-filled face morn with the piano’s tune. His hair had fallen into his eyes behind his wire-rimmed glasses, tickling along his eyelashes. Sherlock found himself wondering if that bothered him, or if he should perhaps push back the strands of his fringe for him. Would John want him to card his fingers through all that soft blonde hair as he played? Would John let him?
"Do you feel that you need reinforcements?"
Well, if John didn’t want Sherlock mapping the intricacies of his body hair, tracing the gentle lines of his softened cock would have to suffice.
(See the end of the chapter for
But as for now. You have two more chapters heading your way. I hope you enjoy them.
Sherlock shook his head, refocusing at what lay between them, staring at John’s covered erection as if it were a puzzle that needed solving. “I know.”
The plan for next winter flew out the window the moment Mycroft's aristocratic forehead began to show the sheen of his overly active sweat glands. Sherlock knew that immediate action was necessary, if anything for his own sanity. He hastily typed up two e-mails while tearing down Piccadilly at a steady clip, his curls falling into his eyes as he pushed his long legs forwards and onwards. One was sent to Martha Hudson and one to his brother. Each one contained a press release, both with very different outcomes. In Martha's, there was the announcement of Sherlock joining the company sooner than planned, and in Mycroft's, there was the devastating news of one Sherlock Holmes, brother to the oh, so influential Mycroft Holmes, checking into rehab in disgrace for a multitude of sins.
who hiccuped endlessly trying to giggle but wound up with a sob behind a partition in a Turkish Bath when the blond & naked angel came to pierce them with a sword,"
These were the moments when Sherlock regrounded himself in his life’s motivation. Where he was free to meditate on the career he’d chosen and the path forward towards his continued success in the niche world he’d slotted himself into all those years ago. The times when he remembered that he’d married himself to
“That tickles,” a sleepy voice mumbled from high up on the pillow.
Erik Satie is the composure they discuss.
“No.”
He took a moment to let that feeling land heavy and solid against his chest, sink into his skin and anchor itself in his bones where he knew it would rest without concern. Sherlock wanted him to stay, and John, curled up as he was in the crumpled sheets and the elegant strength of Sherlock’s naked limbs, couldn’t find fault in the notion. He had no intention of leaving anytime soon.
They kissed, decision made, and Sherlock grinned in triumph, wanting to take his time with this new avenue of exploration. He made his way down past the soft cotton of John’s shirt towards the open flies of John’s trousers, hot mouth breathing over the fabric in a tease. He was determined to make this good for John, to make him want more than just one night. John had commented on Sherlock’s skill when it came to kissing, and there was no reason that same logic couldn’t be applied to this situation with a bit of focus and concentration.
I'm playing a little fast-n-loose with the timeline of putting up a production/rehearsal schedules. It's been about five years since I was involved in the theater world and a good decade since I was involved in the dance world, so please forgive any inconsistencies. There may also be a union distinction with John being a hired pianist with the dance company and then being 'promoted' to an orchestra position because they would not be under the same blanket employer. But! That's is what fiction is for, right? lol.
“Mrs H’s garden is hardly the great unknown, Sherlock.”
Sherlock heard the pounding of the footfalls on the stairs before his eyes could even open to see John tear into the room, chest heaving, and hair an utter mess of tangles on his head.
There were many unanswered questions from that night and with Sherlock barely speaking to him, John doubted he’d ever get the answers. He dropped his head back onto the hammock and stared above him at the navy velvet sky, void of stars, yet infinite in its beauty. The moon hung off to the right, a calming presence in the darkness, smiling back down at John with its lopsided grin and cratered face. He watched it as the music drifted over him, a fugue, full of the ferocity and brilliance Sherlock brought to all things. Mrs H clapped as he finished the piece with a fermata*, dragging out the note long and slow and painfully perfect.
“I’ve never . . .” Sherlock trailed off, the youth of his soft features telling the rest of the story.
John cautiously picked up one, black-socked foot and rotated it at the ankle, stretching and massaging it in his strong, sure hands, which he was surprised to notice, weren’t shaking like he thought they would. Sherlock slumped down further in the chair at John’s touch, his head lolling from side to side slowly on his shoulders, his throat vulnerable and exposed - permission given, it seemed.
John tilted his head at the odd statement, his French non-existent beyond the basic conversational phrases and a string of naughty curses. Greg did not explain further, he simply chuckled low in his throat and shook his head at the man, walking down the hall towards him. He did not stop when he reached John but instead patted him on the shoulder and then gave him a gentle shove in the direction of 2B.
“Oh no, please don’t go. We’re having such a lovely time.”
The drugged drink was another point of bruised pride for Sherlock. He thought he’d prepared himself for the reaction his body would have with the drug in his system, he was almost looking forward to his unplanned high. He’d never indulged in such things before and despite his rudimentary calculations of how much alcohol he could handle, he hadn’t factored in the combination it would have with the GHB Irene had slipped him. He should have known, should have realised that he hadn’t been hydrating enough and had barely eaten anything that day which would no doubt affect his reactions to new chemicals entering his bloodstream. He’d been stupid and slow, two things Sherlock hated more than he hated his cursed brother and all his damn rules.
Mycroft buttoned his suit and snapped his fingers once. A black sedan rolled down the street not ten seconds later and a leggy brunette with soft waves cascading down her back and over the crest of a perfectly fitted skirt, stepped out of the backseat, phone in hand. Mycroft nodded once by way of a departing gesture and walked off with his thinning hair blowing in the wind. Sherlock fiddled with a curl drooping into his eye and smiled at its thick, unruly nature, thanking whoever gave a shit to care or notice that he did not inherit their grandfather’s recessive, hair-loss gene.
The moment Sherlock’s foot twitched forward towards the piano, John blinked, and the spell was broken. Sherlock halted, his chest heaving as those storm-blue eyes looked away.
John looked up, his gaze faltering at whatever he saw reflected back at him in Sherlock’s eyes. “Christ, you don’t even know, do you?”
- I know that literally none of the questions from the last part were answered in this part but the story has run away with me and I figured you wouldn't mind some more sexual tension in the interim? Don't worry, Sherlock's resistance, finally breaking this tension, the full staging of the ballet, and perhaps even the reason to the drugging at the club will all come to ahead in the next part!
When John finally gave in and moved to pour out more coffee for them both, Sherlock placed his empty mug on the hard, wooden surface and walked off, leaving John behind him. The Chemex was left halfway off the table in John’s hand, hanging in midair, much like the myriad of unanswered questions swirling about John’s mind on a heavy, summer wind.
“A minute ago I was successful, now I’m a vagabond?”
“Boned?”
I've been creating some fan art for other stories on here that I love and I'm realizing that it'd be fun to have some illustrations of this story (other than the one that sparked its creation, of course) and I figured I'd leave it up to you guys. What scenes/bits would you like to see illustrated? Then again, if you don't care about such things, ignore me. lol.
“More coffee?”
“John, what . . . how could I--”
His mother smiled at him, indulgent as always. He figured he’d given her both an answer she was happy to hear and an appropriate response to whatever question he’d been asked. Afternoon tea continued without any other daydreaming incidents.
I'll leave you to your deductions.
Greg’s smile turned mischievous as he nodded his head back towards the studio. “Il est dans la pièce.”
“It was
Sherlock felt John shift to lay next to him, his fingers trailing along and playing a delicate tune into the damp skin of his stomach. The air around them smelled different, heavy and heated with the combined scents of their sweat and the ejaculate from Sherlock's orgasm. The world around him was sparking with freshly spun kenetic energy, rippling out from Sherlock's body in a wave of new experience. Outside a siren sounded and a dog howled in response, cutting through the surrealness of the moment with a clarifying dose of reality. It hadn’t been a dream.
He closed his eyes and breathed in the scents of the city, the funk of the sewers and the ammonia from the piss no doubt splattered along the alley’s walls and the sweet burnt-sugar smell drifting over from what must be a confectioner’s nearby. None of it reminded him of home and he hated that fact. London was nothing compared to Sussex.
Siobhan nodded in agreement. "Well spotted."
“Thank you.”
“Excuse me?”
Sherlock glowered and closed the door in John’s face with a satisfying slam. It was only when he looked in the mirror, seeing the signs of every word not said to the man he’d left behind in the other room etched into the creases around his bloodshot eyes, that the previous day’s events came racing back to him on an overwhelming wave of self-loathing. Sherlock retched into the basin of the sink, stomach heaving up only the yellow egg-yolk of bile.
The woman, herself, rounded the corner not a moment later, her arms outstretched towards him, face beaming.
Did I say two parts? Whoops! I meant three. Yay for more Johnlock! *smiles eagerly*
He heard the studio door open, but he ignored whoever else had entered, not wanting to give up the solace and peace he allowed himself during his sacred early morning ritual in the studio. It’d be another hour yet before anyone else was meant to be in the company’s halls, but it wasn’t uncommon for Molly to show up as early as he did some days, wanting to have the extra practice time with him since she was his usual pas de deux partner. But when the piano at his back began to weep out melodic sounds of sadness and solitude, he stilled, his eyes drifting slowly open to focus on the man sitting on the bench behind him.
Everything about this production proved fascinating to John, but he couldn’t bring himself to call it a ballet, it was something entirely
Sherlock turned into a statue in front of John, his mind falling elsewhere, attempting to riddle out what John had inferred. Sherlock’s pale eyes focused on John and yet looked right through him, beyond him at something only Sherlock could see.
“No.”
Sherlock had reached the age of twenty-six having never wanted to share a secret smile with anyone if he hadn’t been pretending while dancing on a stage in full costume with hot lights beating down on his brow. And now, here he was, standing at the barre in the epicenter of his world and John Watson was sitting behind him sending him a smile over the hood of the piano. It was a staggering and life-altering realisation to know what it felt like to finally be happy.
John smiled at him, feeling like a first-rate fool. “You don’t, and it’s okay. Here, lie back.”
- Tobias Baynes is a little easter egg of a character created out of two of ACD originals: Inspector Tobias Gregson and Inspector Baynes. In the original stories, Tobias calls Lestrade a fool, so boo to him (since BBC Lestrade is so utterly wonderful and Rupert is rather dashing) but I love the name Tobias, it means 'Little Toby' and isn't that just adorable?
John smiled and slipped an arm around his waist, pulling him close. “Good. Because I like you,” he said, tugging them into the sea of bodies.
“Sherlock.”
. . .
into the room. John smiled around him, his hands moving from gently scratching along the soft hairs of his thighs to cupping at the heavy sac between Sherlock’s legs.
He was fiddling with a melody, something bittersweet and aching, played gently with his right hand when a warm palm touched down to the nape of his neck. John stilled, his eyes closing to the sensation of Sherlock touching his skin.
“What?” John tilted his head to the side in an endearing gesture that had Sherlock wanting to kiss him senseless.
“At this hour? It’s nearly half noon!”
Sherlock flicked the butt of the cigarette away from him with a twist of pale his wrist and pulled another from the pack. He was going to make himself sick smoking so much after months of (practically) abstaining but he didn’t care, it helped him think, and Sherlock needed to think.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked. It sounded breathless.
To Sherlock, the look of a man’s flat, hair-covered chest over the smooth, subtle curves of a woman’s had always been his preference. He had always known and understood that part of himself even if he’d intentionally maintained a measured distance from the people around him, closing his mind’s eye off to such indulgence. The only time he’d ever experienced the fevered embrace of another body against his own was in partnering during class or a performance. And even then it was always the delicate, bird-like bones of a woman’s arms wrapped around him, and the light, pink kisses of a woman’s lips on his own. It never felt quite like anything to him, just the slight sensation of butterfly wings fluttering over his skin. The idea of it was beautiful and sweet, yet the reality was strange and unsatisfying.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John’s swollen lips again. “Mmmm, fascinating. Shall I repay the favour?”
Please leave me some comment love if you feel so inclined. It spurs me on to write more. :)
My nerves are killing me. I now need a glass of wine.
John cut off playing at Mr Baynes’ shout and looked back over the last few bars of music, marking a notation with his pencil, assuming the interruption was another pause for Mr Baynes to give a note to a dancer.
“Is there really a difference?”
Sherlock patted his mother’s delicate, bangle covered wrist. “Obviously.”
His arms had long given out holding him up and he covered the telling wetness at the corner of his eyes with his palms, pressing deeply into the sockets. Sherlock saw stars burn behind his eyelids. He rolled his head gently from side to side as he came down from the high precipice John had both perched him on and flung him off of, only to catch him at the rocky bottom and guide him into a tide pool of gently lapping water against his overheated skin.
Even in the dim light of the evening, John could see the frustration along the tense line of Sherlock’s shoulders and the defiant tilt of his chin.  He hated knowing he was responsible for that tension and wished he could talk to Sherlock, explain things, or have Sherlock explain it all to him. What happened on the dance floor that fateful Friday evening was fun and brash and flirtatious and wonderful. Comparing that to the abrupt change come Tuesday morning and the murderous expressions he’d been sending him since did not compute in John’s brain. He simply did not understand.
Sherlock did return to the house the previous night but had steered clear of the floor he shared with John. Instead, he curled himself into a tight ball on the chaise in the solarium, like some common rebellious house cat hiding from its disappointed master. He was being a coward again, and he knew it and hated it, but he’d been rattled. Earlier that day in the studio, hidden away from the prying eyes of the outside world, he’d been perfectly willing to give into whatever strange attraction it was that pulsed between him and John, only to be reminded of his damn brother at Irene’s arrival. He cursed Mycroft for ever having sent her to watch over him in the first place. Sherlock did not need a babysitter, especially one who thought drugging him to help him get laid was actually a
John laughed. “Well, cheers. Thank you.”
People often say that he was bisexual and ignored the fact that he was a proud gay man in the dance world. The speculation probably comes from rumors that he really wanted to be a father, and back then, adoption wasn't as obvious a choice. He had a long-term relationship with Robert Tracy, an American dancer, until his death. Sadly, he paid little attention to the devastation of the AIDS virus that swept Paris in the 80's and tested positive for HIV in 1984. He ignored his diagnosis and kept working, determined to not let anything slow him down but at the age of 54 he succumbed and passed away in his beloved Paris.
“Out here, dear.”
“John, Molly. I love him!” He stated this as if it were the most profound and wonderful bit of information he could bestow upon anyone, mixed with a general air of being unable to comprehend the foreign words slipping across his tongue. It must have been bewildering to Molly, having to witness more emotion play across Sherlock’s face in one moment than compared to the entire three years she’d been working with him combined.
“Tell me, Mycroft, did it ever occur to you to figure out who was responsible for drugging me that 'disastrous' night?”
Sherlock leaped into the air, landing softly on his right leg in a deep pilé. His left leg swept around to pull him into a tight spin, his eyes focusing on John as he whipped his head around to stay balanced. One second Sherlock was looking at the blonde tangles of John’s hair and the next, he was seeing those dark blue eyes hone in on his own. Sherlock swallowed hard, his mouth opening into a questioning ‘O’ of surprise. He watched John hesitate in response, the lines of his mouth going tight with barely suppressed emotion. The air hung heavy between them; John at his keys and Sherlock light on his feet as he danced, their eyes maintaining a fixed point of contact between them.
John’s lips pulled into a tight line. However, this time, he was holding in joy, not anger. He looked up at Sherlock from under the mess of his impossible hair, and Sherlock grinned.
“Yes.”
His mother, as always, chose to ignore any animosity she witnessed between her children, instead focusing on the good and never lingering on the bad. She was encouraging in that way, and yet willingly ignorant of the effects such complacency caused. Sherlock watched her sip her tea with her eyes taking in everything around her over the rim of her cup. He could see her cataloging colors and fabrics and shadow patterns thrown by the light cast through the crystal water glasses on the table, her artist eye never once at rest. She was fascinating to observe for this reason, her brain never ceasing, much like Sherlock’s, and he always found comfort in watching his mother gather data and file it away however she pleased up in her brilliant mind. He loved that he was like her in this regard and ached to find more similarities between them.
Sherlock’s eyes closed, and a small, pained sound escaped the back of his throat. “Please.”
John’s ire was directed at none other than Mycroft, who stood across from them in a severe grey pinstripe, avoiding the streams of afternoon light slicing across the carpet as if he’d burn from their touch. John’s abrupt (and perfectly reasonable) response to Mycroft’s unannounced arrival and subsequent bearing of bad tidings in terms of Sherlock’s future, left the two of them silently assessing one another with calculating stares.
Both Sherlock and Siobhan reacted to the statement, but Sherlock beat his mother in response. “I suppose having
Listening to the pipes spring to life as Sherlock turned on the taps in the bath was a torture to John. Sherlock had purposefully closed the door to the bathroom after he’d gathered a towel and a fresh pair of pants from his room. The sound of the lock sliding into place echoed throughout the floor like the crack of a whip against a metal railing, loud and reverberating with its finality.
of her tongue. It endeared her to John to no end, and he was sure to make his respect and affection for her known. She was the mother he never had and the spit-fire boss he vowed he would never cross. The fear of disappointing her lead him to swallow his urges regarding ever leaving once he'd been given a full-time position. No matter how much he wanted to pick up and go wherever chance took him, Martha Hudson (or Mrs H, as the company lovingly called her) kept his head out of the clouds and his hands continually dancing on the black n' white keys.
Sherlock let go of the dog tags as if their weight hitting John’s skin symbolised the tactile end of the discussion. Or at least, that’s what John hoped. He began to untangle himself from the position he’d been lying in, no longer feeling comfortable on the bed. Sherlock sat up, concern painted across his face.
There was, however, one thing that made it easier to stay on his piano bench every day. One thing that kept John Watson showing up to class on time, every morning at ten with a large thermos of honeyed tea and a conviction to see a job well done. His name was Sherlock Holmes and he was the most confounding and extraordinary thing John had ever come across - the most exotic of birds and the most unattainable of men.
John’s attention turned to await Mr Baynes’ instruction on what adagio to play for the center floor warm-ups, leaving Sherlock adrift in the middle of the stage. In that moment, when John’s gaze fell away from his, something inside Sherlock shattered. He couldn’t place the source of the fresh pain within him but it was enough to make him bend over in shocked silence, gasping at the invisible wound. He felt as if he were bleeding internally, and didn’t know how to stem the flow. It pooled in his belly and mixed with his cache of self-hatred that lived there, leaving him nauseous and wrecked the rest of the afternoon.
Yet, that boy. That warm smile and that soft bit of fringe that blew into his eyes as he turned back towards his mates . . . that quick, instant moment of connection he felt had been utterly foreign. The last time he’d ever felt a connection with someone outside of his immediate family had been as a child, holding a wooden sword and standing in a scuttled canoe on a lake shore near his home. A neighbor, another little boy his age, had come running down the rocky shore to him, eyes bright and smile red with the sickly sweet stick of too much candy and Sherlock hadn’t even hesitated in asking him to play.
“Dance with me.”
John’s hands flew up in the air for lack of a better thing to do with them, as if the visceral response could somehow stop the words escaping from Mrs H's mouth with sheer willpower alone. John’s life had officially turned towards the surreal. “Please,” he said, “please never say that word again. In that context, at least.”
John’s peace did not last. Sherlock walked through the solarium doors not a moment later, violin in hand, spotted John on the hammock and did an abrupt about-face, heading back from whence he came. Mrs H halted him before he could fully retreat into the shadows and Sherlock scowled at her.
“Sure.”
“Were you going to say, ‘boyfriend’, by any chance?”
“That feels . . .” The blurry edge of unconsciousness drifted towards Sherlock on a gentle wave as he tried to voice how good it felt to have John work him with his soothing, determined fingers. Sherlock welcomed it, his guilt strewn conscience and Mycroft’s warnings to stay away were nothing but dust in the wind the moment John’s hands made contact with his skin.
“I’m touching you.”
Sherlock paused to take in the disappointment on John’s face. It was clear from such an instant and negative reaction that Sherlock wasn’t being transparent enough. He quickly added, “I want to be everything to you, John. I want your attention and affection and your anger and your kindness. I want your stubborn streak and your need to be noble. I want it all, and I don’t believe that the simple label of ‘boyfriend’ encompasses such a distinction, so no, I do not want to be your boyfriend, John Watson, I want more than that.”
“Well, I’d be more direct, but I never did like the word ‘fucking’.”
His right leg was tucked in towards the base of the chair while the left extended an almost impossible amount out in front of him and a pair of, what looked like, fresh socks covered his no-doubt sore and bruised toes. The socks and a pair of black dance shorts were all he wore, the rest of his body on full, delicious display to anyone who happened to find themselves staring into the studio of 2B.
John balked. “He was draped over me like a damn octopus in the cab. Now he won’t even look at me!”
“Going in, dear?”
They call it 'a ballet in sneakers' for a reason. :)
“Fine, Sherlock,” John said, his voice tired, defeated. “Have it your way.”
“What do you mean?”
There was a single, endless moment as the pair of them took each other in, visualising the night ahead as if it were a chess match with an infinite number of possibilities depending on how they played the board. This was new territory to the both of them, yes, yet it wasn’t surprising and it wasn’t sudden; it was necessary.
Sherlock’s eyes closed, blocking out the sight of his cursed brother before him. “Go away.”
-Zigs
That final word seemed to echo out into the early afternoon haze drifting in through the open windows. Those two syllables that were spoken so simply and yet John knew the implication behind them; Sherlock was stating another fact. He was not asking, he knew it as a truth before John even realised it was a possibility. The thought did not make him angry or feel caged, instead, it made him smile.
“What is?”
Sherlock didn't miss a beat. “They only seem that way because of your pitiful perspective on the world. It must be a chore to be so short all the time.”
There was a knock at the door. "Yoohoo!" The sound eradicating any semblance of calm in the quiet, warm space.
“More force, Peter!”
. . .
“Am I being ganged up on? Should I call in reinforcements?”
If not, there was always whisky. Thank fucking god for whisky.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, his tongue licking along the shell of John’s ear, making him shiver.
“Excellent. Hope you’re used to playing in the pit. I’m putting you in the orchestra for this ballet.”
Mycroft smirked at his little brother, producing a package from his left breast pocket of fine, hand-rolled Belgian cigarettes, which just so happened to be impossible to find outside of Europe. Sherlock’s eyebrow quirked. Mycroft certainly had his attention.
Sherlock had the sudden urge to taste himself in the heat of John’s mouth and sprung from his languid position on the floor to cover John’s body with his own and press all of his freshly discovered skin into the man beneath him. It felt good being bold.
Instead of crumbling, or sighing, or tilting her head with a disgusting display of pity, she nodded, her lips thinning in a determined line. “Well fuck,” she said before tugging him into a tight hug he couldn’t bring himself to not to appreciate.
Behind them, the metal door banged and Greg Lestrade strolled into the studio, all salt n’ pepper hair and warm brown eyes with a half-eaten eclair in one hand and a stack of papers in the other. He waved the eclair at Irene and John in greeting and walked over to the front mirror to deposit his things. Rehearsal time was imminent.
They were standing in a pool of afternoon sunlight, next to the french doors that led to the patio. They’d been left open since early that morning. The day was already too hot, the heat prickling over Sherlock’s skin like the uneasy scratch of a wool jumper. He waited, watching for John’s reaction as the humid air drifted passed them on a warm breeze. It brushed golden strands of John’s hair across his forehead. Sherlock remained still, silent, holding tight to John’s hand.
John hadn’t fucked-up Sherlock’s life. On the contrary, he’d brought a fire and vitality and adventure and something fucking interesting into Sherlock’s stilted, stifling world. He’d made his days worth living and for one, staggeringly perfect evening, he showed him what it was to truly feel. He’d been numb before John.
The schedule for that afternoon found the small troupe of fourteen dancers (twelve cast, two understudies) of Mr Baynes’ revival of
John pulled back, blinking hard. “Thanks,” he said, his voice knife-sharp, the anger and sarcasm blatantly evident.
"Quite right, brother. I was trained from a young age to avoid such social niceties."
, got up from her chair and went to the front hall.
, was Mr Bayens’ credo.
“Then stop pursuing him.”
John laughed. It was a heartless, hollow sound.
(See the end of the chapter for
If you'd like to see NYCB's restaging of
It was a moan, and a plea all at once. John could hear the worry hidden in that single word and pulled back to stare at Sherlock in the dark room, the sharp angles of his fascinating face lit only by the dull glow of the street lamps spilling in from just outside the far windows.
“It’s a joint, John. Call a spade a spade.”
“I won’t, John.”
“Ha! Right.”
“What are you on about, Sherlock?”
Irene’s laughter echoed across the floor. “John, you really are endearing.”
“What the hell is going on?” John shouted through the door of Sherlock’s room, which he’d locked like some petulant child.
John sat up straighter on his piano bench and waited for the grandiose man to introduce himself. The day had taken a definite upturn from its tedium with Tobias Baynes’ arrival and John couldn’t wait for the chaos to ensue.
John grinned at Sherlock’s blunt delivery as if he were spouting off bits of trivia to a class of school-aged children. “Yes, they were all named John.” He left his track shorts and pants in a heap on the floor behind him and slipped into bed.
Sherlock had just completed the closing performance of a two-month-long world tour without John at his side. His flight to Edinburgh had been scheduled to leave three hours after the final curtain call. Their time apart had been a shock to Sherlock’s system, having grown so used to John, his quiet presence, his affections, the sound of his piano coming alive with John’s fevered, impassioned playing. Going weeks on end without the comforts of home, without the comforts of
John's laughter died off in a contented hum at the feel of Sherlock's warm skin. He nuzzled behind Sherlock's ear, kissing the delicate spot with gentle lips when two long fingers pinched his nipple hard. John yelped and smacked Sherlock's thigh in retaliation. "Oi! Bastard."
It was a picture of him and Sherlock dancing on Friday. Well, dancing was a loose term for what it appeared they were doing. Sherlock’s knees were bent, his hips pressed hard against John’s, practically riding his thigh and his head was tucked into John’s shoulder while John licked a stripe along Sherlock’s exposed neck. John’s eyes were closed and he looked wrecked in the best possible way in that moment. It was overwhelming to see an outsider’s perspective and he felt his face flush at the brazen nature of the picture.
“You like me.” It wasn’t a question. John was bold tonight.
“You opened the door.”
He’d kept his distance from John after the club incident, not because of what Mycroft had said that dark morning standing over Molly’s small kitchen counter with a cup of too-hot coffee in his hand he had no intention of drinking, but because Sherlock had been ashamed of his own brazen nature. He hadn’t expected himself to be that forward, or daring, or . . . no, that wasn’t even it. Sherlock had never expected to want anything as much as he wanted John Watson, and the realisation hit him so hard and so fast he couldn’t make sense of it - he couldn’t cope. And so, instead, he buried his head in the sand.
And if Paganini ever failed, Sherlock knew that John was there take him to bed and play him like his favorite Coltrane piece, or a riff of Davis, or a trill of Baker, an eight-count of Monk, or a reprise of Brubeck. Forever reminding Sherlock of those first few months together living through the Brooklyn heat and the sounds of soothing summer jazz.
Sherlock was telling his brother to leave him be or suffer the consequences of the scandal he'd fabricate out of thin air, even at his own expense. He was telling Mycroft to let him leave in peace or pay the price. Considering Mycroft had always prided himself on Sherlock's squeaky-clean image, the news of such a rumor would be a deep blow, indeed.
John didn’t look up. “I already am.”
“I love you, John Watson,” he said below the din of the hollering crowd. To Sherlock’s astonishment, John turned to look at him at that moment, his eyes filled with a light he’d never seen before. Sherlock said it again, now that he had John’s attention, mouthing the words as clearly as he could manage. “I love you.”
“You’re still going?” John asked, ignoring Sherlock’s attempt at humor. His mind was set to the same frequency it’d been broadcasting on since last evening when Sherlock informed him of Mycroft’s plans to (once again) install Sherlock at The Royal Ballet as principal for their upcoming season back in merry old England. Sherlock had hoped that swallowing John’s cock while he sat at the piano and attempted to play Brahms would leave him in a more accepting frame of mind to hear such news, but that plan clearly hadn’t worked.
John kissed him fast and hard, cutting off those delicious lips from speaking and distracting him further. He dipped his head and took Sherlock into his mouth in one go, pulling deep and long. Sherlock’s hips bucked, uncontrolled and John heard the man hiss out a
But the man had already disappeared from the second story hallway, leaving John to chase him down an empty stairwell and sprint through a deserted first-floor lobby onto the city street with no clues to follow. John starred up and down the broad avenue, the oppressive, late-evening humidity soaking into his skin like a coating of too much suntan oil. He shivered in disgust and frustration and scrubbed his hands over his face, cursing into his palms - they smelled like Sherlock’s sweat-soaked skin.
The only solace he had in this new, half-life balanced on a knife’s point was the announcement that they were doing a restaging of a Jerome Robbins ballet from the late 50’s entitled
“Play me jazz, John.”
“Nonsense, John.”
“You should know one more thing,” Sherlock started to say, his voice hesitant.
Sherlock stepped closer. “We already live together, John. This is merely a question of semantics and a willingness to pack up your record collection.” Sherlock swept his hand in a gesture towards the ceiling, referring to the piles upon piles of crammed milkcrates that lined the floorboards of the music room upstairs. John followed the movement of his hand, only to return his focus to staring just beyond Sherlock’s left shoulder, unable to meet his eyes.
With exhaustion overtaking him, John sagged forward to rest his damp forehead against the forgotten sheet music on the stand and succumbed to the need to close his eyes against the black and white world before him. His fingers idly played soft, sweet notes along the higher registers, chasing his bitterness away. He had worked his frustrations down to a small pinprick of pain pulsing behind his left eyelid. It was easy enough to ignore, and easier still to soothe with the rhythms he was blending. Soon, the pain would be gone and he’d be whole again - armored and steady.
Mycroft attempted to straighten a tie that wasn’t there. He looked flushed and pallid all at once, and Sherlock grinned at his success.
“You can’t tell me you’ve never--”
“Why did you come here?”
“What are you doing?” John rasped, his whisper harsh and frantic as Sherlock nipped his ear with sharp, determined teeth. Somewhere in the audience, a person whistled at the display.
“Nothing happened.” John glared at his tea as if it had personally offended him.
*Sherlock's fugue can be heard here:
John’s head turned back towards Sherlock in the doorway, pulled away from the rapid beating of his pulse and the embarrassment he felt at being so obvious. “What?”
Sherlock leaned against the cool, stone walls of what would be his home for the next three years located on a back alleyway someone deceptively and idiotically decided to name Floral Street. The only flowers he’d come across in the cement jungle of theaters and tourist cafes that made up Covent Garden were the peonies on the front desk inside the doors he’s just walked out of a moment ago, and those had seen better days, in his opinion.
. . .
“They were both named John.”
. . .
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Sherlock’s sass but nodded just the same before attempting another sip of his now tepid tea, crossed legs clear out of the way of his brother's under the small table.
“Look at you, smiling like that. It’s not decent.”
, which John instantly cherished, much to Sherlock’s displeasure. He couldn’t remember reading anything by this Ginsberg person was back in school, nor did he understand why a book of dry poetry was so astounding to John.
The two men breathed in tandem, their chests pressing against each other with each breath they took as they came down from their frenetic, arousal-drenched high. Sherlock’s forehead remained against John’s as he curled his body down and over him, his arms spanned out on the barre behind them. They separated their hips, Sherlock stepping back on his left leg, creating distance where he didn’t want it but understanding the need to not have a blatant erection when the rest of the company made their way into the studio in less than ten minutes. He wouldn’t dare move from their little cocoon until John willed it, though, and refused to stop nuzzling his nose along the length of John’s, breathing in the scent of his skin and feeling the warmth of his body meld with his own.
There was a suspended beat hanging in the space between them, a singular moment when Sherlock wanted to take John into his arms and hold him, kiss his temples, run his hands through his impossible hair and sooth all the hurt he’d placed upon him. Instead, in a small voice, he confessed, “because you walked through that door back in June and my life hasn’t been the same since.”
John laughed again, and it was a beautiful sound and Sherlock beamed for having caused such a reaction in John that he’d make that glorious sound. He immediately wanted to hear that sound again, and often, and always.
“Of course, I’m serious.”
“What don’t I know?”
Sherlock attempted to hold back his smirk of amusement but ended up simply snorting into his tea. His mother, of course, noticed. “Sherlock. Sit. Up.” He did, too pleased to sulk any longer.
John laughed, his head falling back on his shoulders with the feeling of freedom in his veins. When he looked back, Sherlock was staring openly at his throat, and John watched as the man swallowed, the movement illuminated by the blue, neon lights of the club.
Sherlock actually looked startled at the question, a rare expression for him. He blinked and then nodded, his eyes darting to the case that had been left open on a back bookshelf, his brows furrowing at the sight. Mrs H was rearranging his things again, it seemed.
“Play me something,” he asked. He hadn’t expected to say such a thing, but once he had found the words he realised he wanted nothing more.
The next chapter will conclude this story, and the final chapter will be an epilogue of sorts.
The hard part came when John found a gig so solid that it lasted longer than a fortnight. To a musician, and a traveling one at that, such opportunities were like spotting an exotic species of bird in the middle of an urban city - they were anomalies. It was a score John wasn't very familiar with - finding something that paid well and kept him busy on a pre-set schedule, almost as if he were living the life of a regular person. The sense of normality that came with steady work always threw John for a loop - he'd grown so used to moving on to something new, something different when the opportunity arose, it physically felt wrong to stay put, as if he were missing some yet-to-be-discovered experience that he couldn't name but yearned to taste.
John nodded. “I do.”
She placed her gloves and hat on the table, expecting the waiter to pick up both for her and rest them on a nearby hook. When this action was accomplished with relative ease in an acceptable span of time, she smiled, feeling the day had finally settled into place. Her two boys sat before her, one with perfect posture and bespoke waistcoat, the other with a scowl and a slouch. She nudged Sherlock’s foot beneath the table. He perked up a centimeter in response.
“Ça va?”
“Such a lovely woman. Beautiful dancer,” their mother said behind her teacup. Her sons ignored her.
Sherlock shook his head, dismissing John’s question and stepped away from him to pace the floor. He ran a hand through his sweaty curls and then froze, having come to a decision. He pushed past John, grabbed his things from where they rested in the corner, shoved shoes on his feet and pulled a hoodie over his head, and left the studio without so much as a nod in John’s direction.
In front of him, lightning bugs lit up the garden’s perimeter, a series of flickering fairy lights come to life. Somewhere in the distance beyond the protective borders of Mrs H’s garden, John could hear the sounds of taxi cabs honking and the far-off bustle of an underground train clanking rhythmically down the track, creating a perfect melody to the night and the most beautiful improvised piece of music he’d ever heard. He closed his eyes, laid back in the hammock and took in the experience of a true summer night in New York. He realised how much he’d been needing a home in that moment, and wondered if he’d actually been lucky enough to have found it at last.
His leg stung from the strange position he’d slept in, and he more or less limped towards the teak garden table where a glass Chemex sat filled with dark, amber liquid, its steam swirling into the haze of the early August morning. An empty mug rested beside it, waiting for John to pour himself a cuppa.
Mrs H looked at Molly with an arched eyebrow and she shrugged back at her, awkward and small, murmuring something about Sherlock’s urgent need for the loo in regards to his sudden departure. Mr Baynes ignored the disturbance, reassembling the small group of dancers with a snap of his fingers and telling them where to start in the second movement.
Sherlock sighed and he looked away, staring at the breeze dancing with the curtains at the open window. “John, you have two options: kiss me or go to sleep. Either one will do, considering they both render you mute.”
Martha Hudson was the only one who took exception to this behaviour and would always put Sherlock in his place with a few choice words and a
“Why. Did you. Come here?” Sherlock repeated, his words sharp.
“Yes,” John hissed. “Bite it.”
He made his way up the stairs to the second floor and did not stop his march until he was safely ensconced behind the doors to the music room and the smooth, cool ivory of the piano keys was present under his fingertips.
Mr Baynes proved himself to be a drill sergeant but he was also encouraging in the most emphatic of ways. No matter what he was trying to convey, a compliment or a correction, everything was shouted.
“Good.”
“It's warm, perhaps a fan--”
“I know. Don’t worry.”
The scrape of wooden chair legs on the ancient marble floor echoed throughout the grand space. Sherlock tossed his napkin to the table in a defiant display that did not please his mother.
He hid behind glares and feigned hatred and endless learned habitual reactions from his childhood of always being the social pariah. The one child who was ignored on the school ground, or worse, tortured. He treated John like every other bully he’d ever come across. It wasn’t fair, and Sherlock knew it.
“Sherlock!”
When he first spotted John at the airport, his wild hair easily visible across the terminal as he waited eagerly for Sherlock at baggage claim, Sherlock fully prepared himself then and there to be arrested for indecency the second he could get his hands on the man. Airport security be damned.
John shut the door after grabbing the neck of one fan and turned to thank Sherlock for showing him and for his civility but when John had looked back at the doorway, John found it empty, and the door closed. Sherlock had gone.
Walking up Fifth Avenue, not yet teeming with tourists or businessmen and women on their way to their glass towers, Sherlock tucked earbuds into his ears to block out all the sound around him and lit a cigarette, inhaling the smoke deeply into his lungs. All he wanted in that moment was to go push his body to its furthest limits like he’d done the day before, and the day before that and the day before that. He wanted to feel that pure, painfully beautiful exhaustion from a hard day’s work of pursuing perfection.
Sherlock’s hand guided John upright from his slouched position and turned him with a silent demanding pressure. John gladly gave in to being maneuvered like a rag doll on a wire as Sherlock crouched down next to the piano bench and peered into John’s eyes. His fingers remained tangled in John’s hair, almost pulling. John held back a groan at the tantalizing feeling as Sherlock used his hold on John to tip his head back, exposing his neck, pushing John’s limits of his own vulnerability.
“Sherlock,” he whispered. “Please let me.” He was moving them backward, towards the door of his room to the right of the mantle that marked the dividing line of their separate spaces. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around John, encircling him in the humid warmth of his water-damp skin. They fumbled and groped at each other in the dark room, laughing into each other’s mouths at every stumble.
Listen, guys, I haven't written a lemon (do we even still call it a lemon?) in literally over five years. I was like 25 and probably drunk the last time I attempted putting sexual times down on paper. So I hope beyond hope that this was satisfactory to y'all and that I did these boys justice with their first foray into the intimate side of their relationship.
That evening, Sherlock sat in Heathrow with two suitcases at his sides, the glow of his phone illuminating his face from below. He was reading a news article posted to NPR not twenty minutes prior, the headline reading:
He waited.
He decided soon after the end of John’s second full week in the studio, when his position became reluctantly permanent, that Sherlock would ignore the strange man with the funny glasses and the plaid button-downs. It was the only option that allowed Sherlock to focus, even if John insisted on being cordial, considerate, surprisingly competent at his job, and always visible the mirror whenever Sherlock looked up towards his own reflection.
John shouted into the sky, startling the morning doves from their perches on the window ledges of brick and brownstone houses around him. He wanted to smash his mug with his fist, he wanted to throw the Chemex clear across the deck and against the warbled glass of the solarium windows, he wanted to push Sherlock Holmes up against that same glass wall and make him beg for mercy from the unyielding demands of his hands and cock and tongue.
He nodded at the server and pushed his cup towards her. She filled it, winked at him and walked away, looking over her slight, tanned shoulder at him as she left with a tendril of bleached-blonde hair curling around her cheekbone. He studied her backside, head tilted. Her hips were generous, but that girth only allowed for the tapered quality of her small waist to be accented, creating a lovely hourglass figure. She wore skin tight jeans with Doc Martin’s on her petite feet, and a flowing daisy-patterned top, that Sherlock noticed was purposefully sheer with her red, overly-intricate bra accenting the lines of her back underneath.
It was all she said.
Molly smiled and shook her head, floating away from him on an air of soft laughter. He stared after her a deep crease forming between his brows. Sherlock hated not knowing - it was infuriating. He quickly walked to the corner of the studio, delving into his bag to retrieve his phone and searched the internet to surprising results.
Sherlock blinked, breaking the spell. The boy faced forward once more, shaking his head back and forth - Sherlock realised he was laughing. Laughing at what? Him? He pushed away from the wall and shouted, “Hey!”
“Excuse me?” John stepped back and placed his hands on his hips. “I somehow managed to fuck up your life by existing?”
John didn’t trust himself to remain on the same floor, let alone next door to the man, so he marched himself downstairs and out onto the back patio. Mrs H was, thankfully, nowhere to be found and the remainder of her joint was left innocently on the table. He lit the tip and inhaled deeply, willing calm to overtake him. Willing his anger to leave and his senses to return to their status quo.
“I need a shower.”
He scowled at Mycroft over the gilded rim of his teacup, his mood sour and his patience, nonexistent.
A fingertip brushed the small point of hair at the nape of John’s neck, tracing the same line the bead of sweat blazed before it, and every muscle in John’s back arched towards the touch. His skin flared to life under that small, singular sensation. Another finger joined the first, then another, then another, until the entirety of Sherlock’s hand splayed out into the wet hairs at the back of John’s head and pushed upwards to his crown.
Her keys jangled in her arthritic hands as she opened the front door to her well-loved home and walked into the sitting room just right of the foyer. She placed her small clutch and house keys on one of the many marble mantelpieces the house offered and starred in slight shock at the out-of-place skull that looked back at her from its perch. Considering that she’d taken to moving the skull every other week back to Sherlock’s rooms where it belonged, she wondered why he insisted on installing the morbid thing on the ground floor where she entertained company. After all, there were three sitting rooms in the house, he could have easily picked another one to decorate - or vandalize in this case.
A sense of levity settled over the pair of them. The heaviness from earlier at the mention of John’s father, which had threatened to stain the soft glow of the easy afternoon, dissipated on a gentle breeze behind a flutter of the gauzy curtain.
“All the time, dear.”
“Fuck. You.”
It was Mycroft’s turn to smile. “Showing your cards rather soon, aren’t you?”
John huffed out a laugh and tugged on a curl of Sherlock’s hair, seeing a satisfying wince in response. He smiled and threaded his fingers through the rest of the sleepy tangles, feeling amazed that he was now allowed to do such a thing. He savoured the thought as if it were the last sips of his favorite scotch.
“Open up.”
That was always his favorite part, seeing the small group of company members and understudies run through everything they’d learned, or worked on, or mastered that day be put to music and danced through with all the vigor of a true performance. The Tuesday and Thursday evenings when his schedule allowed him to sneak up to the second story studios to watch (and listen) to the rehearsals of
“Shut up.” John leaned forward and silenced him with his lips and tongue and teeth. The moan that echoed out from the man beneath him made John smile against Sherlock’s mouth before pulling away. He wanted to give Sherlock pleasure, and the hard-stifled, ego-filled part of him wanted it to be so bloody brilliant Sherlock would never bother looking anywhere else for satisfaction again. John wanted to ruin him.
