“Your brain is fine,” he tells Sherlock, standing close enough the Sherlock can just detect the warmth of his body. “No damage, no tumours, no swelling. You’re not… well, nothing obviously structural seems to be amiss.”
Victor give him a tight-lipped half smile, getting up and heading for the door. He turns at the threshold. “John, I know as well as you what a futile gesture it is to say that if there’s anything I can do… I’m sure you’ve heard too much of that. But from the depths of my heart if there’s anything you need, ever, no matter what it is, please come to me. And if you need to get away from here, my home is large and I’ll see to it that you aren’t disturbed.”
Sherlock’s head snaps towards him. “Then let’s talk about what they didn’t take.” He towers over the smaller man. “They didn’t take your television, stereo, computer, antique end tables, original impressionist paintings, or even the secret and significant store of cash you keep in a condensed milk tin in the back of the icebox. What does that say to you?”
Sherlock nods, and wraps his arms more tightly around John’s torso, afraid of what he will say next, that he will slip away from him again.
Sherlock doesn’t lose the servile attitude until they duck out a side door, at which point he shakes it off it completely and picks up speed, leading them down a side street. He’s stomping ahead so quickly John can barely keep up even at a bit of a run.
Sherlock digests this calmly. “So… instead of or in addition to something else, I experience the optical illusion of light radiating off of you?”
Sherlock nodded. He didn’t know what to say at a moment like this. Normally he found it easy to do what had to be done, but the encounter with Moran had affected him more than he wanted to admit. Even though he knew it was the right decision, he found himself reluctant to leave John once more.
His bullet finds its mark in the Achilles’ tendon of the criminal, felling him neatly. John approaches him with caution, in case he has another weapon. He doesn’t but takes a swing at John with a stout tree branch he’s managed to grab. John avoids the blow easily.
“Letting me go and praying that I don’t come back and slit your throat while you sleep?” Sherlock asked, brightening.
“Um no, that’s all right,” John told her. He lifted the lid gingerly to see an unlabeled, padded mailing envelope. He snatched it out of the box and stuffed it inside his jacket. “I think I’m done here.”
damaged, crippled. Unless there are things relating to this you haven’t told me, I can’t see why this would be psychosomatic. Are there things?”
“Fine!” Sherlock said moodily, shrugging him off at last. “If it means that much to you. But no sleep. Can’t sleep.” He returned to stalking the length of the kitchen, once again in his own private world.
“No, no, he was clean, at least temporarily, when we worked on that cabbie case, right when we met.”
In the meantime, however, Sherlock seems perfectly happy to engage in old-fashioned cuddling, even pressing himself into John’s side and throwing an arm carelessly across his chest. “
It is only the next day when the Crown Jewels are stolen, announcing the return of Moriarty. It all ends so fast after that.
Sherlock, though frequently completely inattentive to his physical needs, is not quite so thoroughly self-destructive as he often appears. John has discovered that he actually has a finely tuned sense of when he’s pushed himself just a little too far, when he’s lost a bit too much weight, when he’s punished his body and brain so much that both are starting to rebel. His solution to this is two to four days of sleeping, eating, light reading, and absolutely no contact with the outside world.
Impulsively, Sherlock grabs him and kisses him, not caring who sees, and nearly lifting the doctor off his feet. "Brilliant!" he says gruffly, and John straightens his clothing sheepishly, but looks pleased.
John digested his statement impassively. “Did you think of me? Back here alone. Even once, did you think what it was doing to me?”
Sherlock met his eyes for a moment and then nodded curtly and put the Sig back into his pocket. But he kept his hand there.
They look at each other and burst out laughing. Peals of hysterical uncontrollable laughter until tears run down John's warm, crinkly face and his aura looks like the northern lights over Iceland during an electrical storm.
He closes his eyes and steeples his fingers, determined to think his way out of it, but he can’t seem to get past the look on his friend’s face when Sherlock had told him about the adoption papers. He’d been so horrified at the thought. Repulsed. Maybe Sherlock had misinterpreted what John had meant about taking care of Rosie. Maybe he had misinterpreted more than that. John had
And then two nights ago he had got the message from his brother that Moriarty was being released. He had not told John. He knew it was only a matter of time before Moriarty came after him, and when he did at least one of them would not come out of the situation alive. He could only hope to ensure that Moriarty was the one who didn’t, but realised it might well require his own life to do so. The thought of his own death had never frightened him – it was a curiosity, more than anything. But now he found himself strangely fearful of what was to come. There were so many ways he could lose, now.
John kisses him again, even more forcefully, and Sherlock responds despite himself, pushing back up against him, biting at John’s tongue and feeling his lips bruise beneath John’s. John keeps talking, his fingers to Sherlock's throat as they kiss, like he'd rather be strangling him than speaking to him.
be dead. And it didn't take any resources but my own to find you. Stop being sloppy and think. This isn't a game."
"Maybe," Victor agrees. "But you have been functionally working as a detective for nearly two years so your hunch is probably worth more than a lot of people's sure bet."
John couldn’t argue with that. They parted ways, reluctantly, when they reached Jyivsinkää. Sherlock would not tell John where he was headed next.
John moves to the top of the stair. He can hear the voice clearly now, and just make out Sherlock standing at the end of a long hall lined with doors.
“Glad you’re back to your old self,” John mutters sarcastically, though his relief is palpable. “Now if I do this will you please let me get some rest? And get some yourself? I swear you’re going to turn me nocturnal.”
Sherlock was already running. Their quarry was gone now, but he barely noticed. He ran the length of the pier and dove into the water blindly, without even a second’s pause at the edge. His slim form broke the water cleanly and he swam down at the angle it appeared that John had fallen in. Where was he, where was he? Sherlock couldn’t make out anything in the inky black. He swam down further, kicking his shoes off, groping in every direction.
John can’t go home. He can’t visit the flat full of Sherlock’s things, full of their things together, ownerless now that there is no more
“Got to think like one to catch one!” Sherlock tells him, not looking up from whatever file he’s poring over for the third time.
He reproves himself. He doesn’t have the luxury of this right now. If he is to be successful he can’t afford to think about all that, about John.
Sherlock makes a face that indicates that he couldn’t agree less, and claps John on the shoulder. “Now,” he says brightly, rubbing his hands together. “Don’t you think it’s time we attended to the extremely dangerous and convoluted case of Mr. Abel Bryant and the Society for Ginger Advancement?”
Moriarty looked him up and down lasciviously. “Now, normally faced with you half naked I would just eat you up with a
"Are you going to kill me, Doctor?" she asks in a hoarse whisper, using what little air he's allowing through her windpipe. "You never struck me as a murderer."
A month after the stabbing John was basically recovered. His wound pained him a bit, but it was well healed and in no danger of tearing open. He had begun to accompany Sherlock on cases again, although he was strictly forbidden from chasing criminals on foot for another few weeks, and was still on light duty at the surgery. But he came to crime scenes and the hospital and went to interview people. It was a relief after being cooped up at home for so long, having to rely on Sherlock to relay details to him, something which he often did in a rather jumbled fashion as they occurred to him.
“I tried to stand. I was in shock. At the time I didn’t understand how this child came to be lying next to me, mortally wounded. I didn’t understand how I’d come to be there either, only that I was supposed to help hurt people, help him, if only I could reach my bag.”
“It was stupid, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you. I was trying to... I don't know. It came out all wrong.”
Sherlock unfurls himself from his chair and looks down at the pitiful, shaking form sitting on the sofa. “Here’s your answer. You feel guilty about taking money and then not returning the favour. Your guilt causes you to notice others of your complexion more than usual, which then develops into paranoia, which escalates the whole thing even further. Give a large donation to your Society’s scholarship fund, find a therapist, and get yourself some sleeping pills. Good day.”
Mary pretends to be asleep when he slips back into bed and he pretends to believe her. He's grateful that she doesn't question his night time excursion, although she teases him mercilessly once they're both up. Especially when she catches him shaving off his moustache. And sharing the link to his old blog with her had definitely been a mistake.
John forces a weak smile, “Me too, loads of work to catch up on.” He spins around to face Sherlock, kisses him carefully on the cheek, and ducks under his arm before Sherlock can catch him again.
“Nevertheless. I believe this is considered a customary and healthy age for maturing teenagers to begin experimenting with dating and sexual activity—”
It goes on like that for hours, Sherlock trying to think his way out of the hysteria and almost making it, but the darkness is still there, no longer a thing that lurks in the back of his psyche, tightly under guard, but now literally surrounding him, fully manifested in a way he can't flee, ignore, or fight. What he wouldn't give for any kind of opiate right now, anything to slow him down. If there were some in the flat, he'd probably succumb, calling it medical necessity, but he can hardly ask John. Saying it was for the pain in his ankle would never work. John knows a junkie's gambit when he hears it.
Sherlock manages to tear his eyes away from John’s bared torso. “Listening,” he says, less than convincingly.
Sherlock lets his lips rest lightly at John's temple, unnerved by this regret. John had known what to do, and it had worked. Why does he doubt now?
“Don’t,” John interrupts. “Don’t think about it. Turn off your brain.” It is almost an order and Sherlock is shocked into silence. John takes Sherlock’s hands and places them firmly around his own waist, then reaches up to wrap his around Sherlock’s neck.
Ms. Mihov’s use to Sherlock had indeed been great, although of short duration. She’d known more than he'd originally hoped and held no loyalty to Moriarty in death, but it didn’t take long for word that she was compromised to spread. Sherlock had been forced to release her from his service to prevent her murder after only a few weeks, but was quite confident that she wouldn’t trouble him again.
John’s afraid to leave him alone in the flat in this state, and almost more afraid to find out that Sherlock wouldn’t notice at all if he’d gone.
Just as Sherlock reaches the top of the stairs, John calls out, “You got a call from Mycroft today.”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upwards, but then his expression grows serious and he frowns. “You’re not going to wear the jumper, are you?” Sherlock demands.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson do not dance and do not flit. They stand, a little apart, in an out-of-the way corner near the canapés, indistinguishable from the rest by dress yet with a well-defined chasm of mental space between themselves and the rest of the partygoers. Or perhaps that is just Sherlock, as John looks rather like he is enjoying himself, despite his lack of participation.
John senses his mounting anxiety and comes over, sitting down in his own chair and moving Sherlock’s feet from the cushion his lap. “What are you going to do until we have the drug to work with?” John asks, rubbing them in a calming fashion.
Sherlock proceeds to conduct roughly the same exchange five more times in various locations not too distant from their home. John doesn’t say a word the entire time. After the last one, Sherlock tells him, “That’s it. That’s everyone I’ve ever bought from.”
Sherlock slams face first in to the hardwood, like his strings have been cut. His chest constricts and waves of nausea crash over him.
“Well, who said no-strings-attached?” John said, indignant. “I was counting on strings, I like strings!”
“I don’t know what would happen if you left him, but I assume you don’t wish to find out any more than I do. He needs you John, even when he thinks he doesn’t. You do something for him that cases and cocaine and money and even a suitable audience can’t. You keep him
After that the rest of the day is somewhat soured for John. The programme is still interesting, but he feels like he’s just going through the motions until it’s over. He’s more than ready to leave in the morning, skipping the closing breakfast.
Sherlock considers the proposition gravely. “That would be acceptable,” he agrees with a yawn, sinking back down into the bedding. “Wake me when there’s food.”
"I want it to have never happened, Sherlock! I want you to have made a different choice. You act like it was the only choice you had, but it wasn't. I can think of a dozen ways you could have managed that situation without destroying my life."
” and bore an emerald green coat of arms with gold engraving showing a lion and a badger clashing over a Croatian flag. The words and symbol matched the packaging of the cigarettes peeking over the top of Moran’s breast pocket in the photo. Not a common brand, John knew, and in fact had discovered that they were made in the city, in this little shop, and not exported commercially. There were pictures of Moran with the same cigarettes in pictures spanning nearly 15 years.
All three stare at him in varying degrees of shock, and John steps back next to his friend and falls silent, still glaring, daring anyone to contradict him. Finally Lestrade says, “All right, Sherlock, if he didn’t do it, who did?”
“Hold up,” says John. “Whoever it is has access to his office, why bother breaking in here? Wouldn’t there be plenty of items they could use from there?”
Sherlock doesn’t respond, but allows John to hoist him to his feet and help him to his bedroom, to tuck him in to his bed, to take his pulse and smooth his hair off his forehead. John kneels by his bedside. The last thing Sherlock hears before he passes into blissful unconsciousness is John telling him, “You didn’t make me say it. I won’t leave you.”
John was pleased at how well this approach worked. Over the next few days he simply acted as if they were, and had been for sometime, in a mutually acknowledged relationship, albeit a very chaste one. As if it was the most natural thing in the world that he would touch Sherlock lightly as he went past, run his fingers through his hair, kiss him briefly on the lips when he went off to work a shift. As if they had always thrown their laundry in together, held hands while watching telly, or argued over the remote (previously, John had always let Sherlock have it if he wanted, but that was stopping right now).
“No,” he agrees. “But I’m fairly unhinged at the moment and willing to take that chance, how about you?”
Sherlock lifted his head. “Are you talking about sex, finally?” he demanded. “Because I need stimulation, and if we aren’t going to have sex I will need to procure suitable distraction by other means, and I will expect you to help me.”
Suddenly, John remembers their first time together, the words Sherlock had said to him in barely a whisper, in the most honest, quiet, intense moment they had shared.
“Sherlock, I believe that, I really do. I know you were trying to protect me, to protect Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade. I know you did it for us. But…the thing is… you also did it for you. You had a score to settle, a nemesis who eluded you, even in death, and you couldn’t stop until you finished it. It wasn’t concern for me that kept you at it so long, without a note or a call, was it? Be honest.” John’s voice was stern, demanding.
He and John had both been in danger numerous times, and injured as well. And he knew, rationally that this incident was not his fault. But aside from the time at the pool, when Sherlock had been nearly certain they were both going to die, no other call had been quite so close. John had been without a heartbeat for at least 47 seconds, by Sherlock’s count. His heart could easily never have started again and he– Sherlock forced his mind away from the thought.  He could not go down that road.
Sherlock all but purrs at the insult and John lets himself be manoeuvred into the bedroom, unresisting. Sherlock pushes him back on the bed and straddles him, more gently than usual. He leans down to kiss John’s neck and when John still tenses, just a little, he whispers, “Why don’t you see how you can make it up to me?” and rolls off John to lay next him, eyes wide and guileless.
The taste of John’s mouth, to start. Vaguely sweet, a tinge of sourness from the long night, a hint of a breath mint to try and hide it. John’s smell. His shampoo and deodorant and aftershave mix together with his natural musk and a hint of sweat from their chase, plus the remnants of fear and adrenaline lingering but now overlaid by a smell Sherlock recognizes as desire.
"I can't do it again. I can't be your lover or your keeper, and you can't be my world. That part of me is gone.”
“So, why are you telling me all this? Going to try to convince me to refuse it? Don’t want the Holmes fortune dispersing? Fine, I don’t care about the money, but Sherlock can do what he likes.”
And he was very tired. It had been a long time since someone had made his tea, since he had slept in safety. It was a relief to let John fuss exasperatedly over him and tell him what to do. He slept 18 hours that first night, longer than he could ever remember sleeping in his life. When he woke he devoured the breakfast John had laid out for him without a word, except for remembering to thank John for once, took another shower, and collapsed back into his bed for another 14 hours.
He was nearly ready to give up and try and get some sleep himself when something in one of the photos caught his eye. He did another quick search. There it was. It was a flimsy connection to be sure, but just the sort of thing Sherlock would have noticed and followed up on. And it was sure to mean something, although he didn’t have the first idea what as of this point. He smiled to himself. Now he was thinking like a consulting detective.
“John, I meant what I said. I truly believe that. But I wasn’t trying to say anything about… Don’t you understand what this is, it’s so much
I'M GLAD I DIDN'T HURT YOU. BUT I STILL DON'T FEEL RIGHT ABOUT IT. I GOT A GLIMPSE OF SOMEONE INSIDE ME THAT I DON'T LIKE. THAT'S SOMETHING I JUST HAVE TO DEAL WITH I SUPPOSE.
“Mmm. We danced to this, didn’t we? At Mycroft’s party.” John says it straightforwardly, as it if it is neither good nor bad, just a memory they share.
John follows Sherlock through the door and is greeted by a scene of complete chaos. The impeccably furnished home has been completely ransacked, furniture overturned, pictures on the ground, clothes and small items strewn everywhere.
Victor preens without even realising, but continues to protest. "As an uncle or an older brother or something like that."
John glances to see if anyone is watching. He traces a finger affectionately along the line of Sherlock’s lapel, and steps just a little closer to him. “Just don’t get in the middle of any wars or accuse any world leaders of treason, okay?”
John sighed and sat up, facing Sherlock and crossing his legs, resigning himself to the certainty of a long conversation. “Probably because you refused her invitation to her party.”
Sherlock surveys the gristly scene with his usual impassivity. They were too late. John’s got a strong stomach, but a murder-suicide, and for so young a couple, gets him where he lives, and he has swallow his gag reflex and breathe very deliberately for a moment.
He finds a small wound on the back of her head. “She must have hit it on the table when she fell,” he mutters to himself. “Thanks, Molly, I think I have all I need. Just text me if the test shows something other than cyanide, okay?
“Do I?” asks John, working off Sherlock’s shirt and beginning to methodically explore the rangy torso with his mouth.
“This? Barely qualifies as work. Child’s play. Well, mostly. Now, hurry up, we’ll be getting a call from Bryant before midnight.”
“Not really. I’ve never had something like that, I’m not sure I can ever really understand it. But I can understand what it means to you. And I understand what a fool I was to think that you would let her come between us. I’m sorry.”
that, although, alright, I could do with one. I like this girl. And I need something more than just murder and intrigue and late night chases in my life.”
He reached out and pulled the doctor to him, wrapping his thin arms around John’s chest and resting his chin in the crook of his shoulder. He hadn’t even known he’d wanted to do that until he had his arms around John, but the need for physical contact, to reassure himself that this was real, was surprisingly strong.
She spreads her hands in surrender and sits down on the bunk, allowing him to bind her wrists as casually as if he were gifting her with a bracelet. Her hair is shorter than when he’d seen her last, and a dark brown colour. He can detect a faint eastern European accent in her speech now as well.
JOHN. LISTEN TO ME. DON'T SAY A WORD. IT IS THE HOUND DRUG AND IT'S AFFECTING YOU. THERE'S A CATALYST, BUT THIS TIME THEY GOT YOU TOO AND NOT JUST ME. YOU'RE GOING TO START HALLUCINATING AND FEELING AFRAID, JUST LIKE BEFORE. REMEMBER IT'S NOT REAL. YOU HAVE TO CATCH THAT WOMAN AND GET HER PERFUME BEFORE THE DRUG REACHES PEAK STRENGTH OR I DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN. WE HAVE TO GET IT HOME SO WE CAN FIND OUT HOW IT ACTIVATES THE HOUND DRUG AND STOP IT. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
Sherlock is utterly, completely still for a long a moment, as they both struggle to come back to themselves, then slides out of John with a soft gasp and kneels behind him. As soon as John manages to regain control of his senses, he realises something is not quite right. He quickly rolls over and sits up.
“Nothing happened, truly. It was just a thought, a moment. My parents hosted a coming-out ball for my cousin and some other girls from her set and I was conscripted to be an escort and dance with the…young ladies.”
John demurs, which is strange because showering together is one of his favourite things, but he consents to stay in the room. He's still and quiet, obviously thinking about something, but Sherlock can still make out his comforting glow through the shower curtain, even if it is dimmed. To add to the strangeness, once Sherlock is clean, he immediately finds that he's exhausted while John insists he's not tired. Sherlock flags this additionally as extremely odd, but is too worn out to ponder it and ends up collapsing on the sofa, dead to the world in mere minutes while John sits up and reads, still near enough to be seen. His embers warm Sherlock's mind as he sleeps.
Mycroft tries to warn him that it’s not as simple as he thinks when it comes to John, but Sherlock brushes him off.
Sherlock heaves a great sigh of injustice and turns his head to the side so John can make out what he’s saying. “I couldn’t see.”
They both know next few months will be difficult. There will be danger and death, and blood, hopefully of others but very probably both of theirs’ as well. It may be a very long time before they are safe again, before they can come home. But right now, in this moment, none of it matters. They are alive, they are together, and there is only dancing.
He downloaded directions for the address onto his smartphone and hurriedly cleaned up the mess he had made of the smuggler’s goods, stashing everything in the bottom of the wardrobe and piling the room’s extra quilt on top of them. Hopefully no one would search his room. He went out at once, locking up behind him and leaving word at the desk that he did not want to be called for supper, and that he wanted neither maid service or turn-down.
Next thing he knows, he's struggling for consciousness and bound in a cold, dark place that is beginning to fill with smoke. He can't move or cry out, can't make sense of where he is or how he got there, and can barely hear the muffled sounds of people around him, somewhere out of sight. He feels damp and realises he's lying on leaves and bracken, twigs and sticks poking him.
When he got home, the lights were all off and the house was filled with the sound of a violin concerto. For a moment, he was encouraged. At least Sherlock was feeling well enough to play again – some progress. But then he realised what he was hearing was a recording. His heart leapt to his throat. Something was wrong. The first floor was empty. He rushed upstairs. No one in the bathroom. The door to his room was ajar – he’d left it closed, as he always did, in a vain attempt to prevent Sherlock from going through his things.
John's been trying to ignore it, the pain in his leg. In his thigh. The imaginary wound in the place he had shot that young boy. He hasn't felt it in the slightest since the second day he spent with Sherlock, except for a twinge once when he finally told his friend the story. He's been gritting his teeth and refusing to limp, refusing to take pain medicine, refusing to admit it's back again to anyone. It takes all his energy, but at least the physical pain is a distraction from the emotional pain. Even though that's really just in his head too.
“That I do. But I after what I’ve put you through, you have no reason to be that someone.” He took her hand and moved closer to her. “I’m grateful.”
John closed his eyes. Sherlock was the last thing he wanted to talk about right now, especially with Mycroft. “What, you came here looking for my forgiveness? You want me to absolve you of your part in his death? Well, you’re not going to get it. You can rot with your guilt for all I care.”
“Sherlock, all the evidence fits and neither of his employees match the description. And don’t forget the fingerprints. According to all we found and everything you told us, this is our man!”
"That was... a good idea." Sherlock tells him roughly, still overwhelmed as he often is after they are together. The combination of the physical sensation on his already hyperaware nervous system and the flood and exchange of emotions that he doesn't understand but knows are important often leaves him next to speechless for minutes or hours.
Sherlock shakes himself. “Yes, of course. That was just Mycroft, being annoying. I’m to go see him tomorrow. Prat.” He forces his face into a wry smile that doesn’t touch his eyes. “He sends his love.”
“Of course you have, everyone’s seen it before,” Sherlock snaps. “It’s a golden spiral, a spiral that gets further from its origin by a factor of 1.618034 for each quarter turn it makes. Or, since he started at the outside, one that decreases in distance from the origin by a factor of 0.618034 for every quarter turn. We’re looking for some kind of mathematician!”
“…so really the problem is, if those footprints weren’t the kidnapper’s, then whose were they? John, are you listening to me?”
Now Sherlock 's confused, because of course it was good, it did exactly what it was supposed to do. But he doesn't press John about it because he's suddenly distracted by the fact that it's still bright behind his eyes. It’s not just the fading afterglow in his mind. He can see something. There's a shape to it, areas of brightness and darkness.
“So if it worked, and was still working when I met him, what is all this business about him slipping again? He was doing what he wanted to do all along, had done for more than five years.”
“Possibly,” Sherlock says. “Or it could be a chance combination of unrelated toxins. There's no way to be sure unless we find more of it.”
Victor falls silent, at least willing to take the argument under advisement. Then his eyes narrow at Sherlock.
Here's a nice long chapter, since I'm on rather a writing roll. I probably won't have another until after Thanksgiving, though!
“Sorry, my fingers are always freezing,” Molly says, her voice oozing pity. “John’s making copies of the scan and then is going to consult with his doctor friend. Can’t imagine she’s thrilled at being dragged down here this time of night. Anyway, do you want to wait in the lab… or I can take you home, if you like?”
Sherlock looks stricken and slowly sits up, as if dazed. “Have I been doing that?” he murmurs, half to himself. “I’ve been so distracted…”
And yet it’s only the next day that John finds Sherlock high and his heart leaps into his throat. This is unprecedented – he never resorts to cocaine while on a case. It’s for the between times, and that’s bad enough.
John thought briefly of trying to rouse him, but decided against it. He grabbed the spare quilt from the shelf of his bedside table and threw it over Sherlock, then settled himself in the only way he could fit on the bed, facing away from Sherlock, mirroring his position, each man’s toes to the backs of the other’s knees. John smiled to himself. Closeness.
SHERLOCK, SHERLOCK, I’M SORRY, I WENT TOO FAR. I SHOULDN’T HAVE DONE THAT. NOT WHEN I WAS SO ANGRY, NOT LIKE THAT. DID I HURT YOU? I WAS WRONG TO HAVE. I'M SORRY.
Love is too weak a word. John loves his sister, his blog, his favourite blend of Earl Grey. There is no word he knows that can encompass what he has with Sherlock, so he does not say anything, trusting that his actions, his body, his very existence, their existence together do a better job of expressing it than he ever could. They do not discuss the future, either, because there is nothing to discuss. They are both in this for life and, John realizes, they always were. Marriage is not something that occurs to him, but if it did it would seem as unnecessary as it certainly does to Sherlock.
“Seriously, Sherlock, what was that? Were you just trying to fuck with people? Experimenting to see what I would do?” He does not say,
“Glad it was worth it,” John says, still angry. “In the future could you please not hurt yourself deliberately in the pursuit of a case if you can possibly avoid it?”
He thought about the first day he had met John. Within 48 hours of meeting him, John had not only agreed to move in as his flatmate, but he had helped solve a case, saved Sherlock’s life and killed a man to do it, and defended him to his brother. Twice. Not to mention praising his deductions, rather than referring to him as a freak, as so many did. No one had ever treated him like that before, not even his own family. Mycroft had helped him many times, but always saw it as a chore. John saw it as a privilege, and he accepted Sherlock completely, as he was. He had become integral to Sherlock’s life in a way he had never imagined another human being could be.
John is quiet for a long time. Too long. He’s wavering, flickering unsteadily and for a moment he looks like he’s going to take Sherlock in his arms again despite what he’s said. But instead he gathers himself up, straightening into the stance and mien of the self-controlled soldier and making it impossible for Sherlock to know what he’s thinking.
"Honestly, I have no idea," John admits. "It’s a hunch, nothing more. This could all easily be nothing more than my brain making things up at this point. But it’s what I’ve got to go on at the minute."
Sherlock focuses on him briefly. “What? Oh yes, probably. John, let’s go. Text me when you have something!”
Meanwhile, Sherlock alternated between pacing, sitting motionless staring at nothing, and occasionally committing random acts of destruction around the flat. He was normally thin and bony, but now he grew positively cadaverous. He did not appear to sleep and took only tea. John resorted to pouring as much milk and sugar as he dared into each cup, in an attempt to get some calories into the man. He was desperate to get out of the flat but was fearful of what Sherlock might do if he wasn’t there.
John spins to face him, furious. “You’re talking about sex and our baby girl in the same sentence and you’re asking me to be
The address was in a newer, but poorer part of the city, full of three and four story tenements built in the late 80’s. Drab brick mostly, though here and there an attempt had been to brighten them up with coats of now-peeling paint. John found the correct building without too much trouble, a slightly decrepit piece of real estate, but scrupulously clean outside. There was a sign in the street level window that said “Room to Let” in several languages.
"No!” Sherlock panics. This is not at all how it is supposed to have gone.  “Of course not. I didn't mean to... I should have thought. I didn't know what to do after everything, how to say..."
John shrugged him off. “Fine,” he said at last, bitterly. “But if I don’t hear from you, I am coming after you and good luck getting rid of me then.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock says, looking miserable. "But… I just can’t. It doesn't matter what I want. I decided a long time ago that it was for the best and I just…I can’t… It just, it doesn’t work with me. It makes things worse and it’s better to…not…”
He does have a point there. Sherlock lets out a longsuffering sigh and sits up, pulling John with him. John dutifully mirrors Sherlock’s solemn expression, but with an indulgent twinkle in his eye.
Eventually, though, John can’t endure it any longer. Sherlock is standing by the window, playing his violin. The same six bars again, but now they sound like a love song instead of a dirge. John wants to rip the three-hundred year old instrument out of his hands and dash it against the wall. Instead, he positions himself directly in front of his friend and puts a hand on the strings, forcing Sherlock to stop playing.
John makes a noise of utter frustration and shoves the microscope halfway across the table, forcing Sherlock’s annoyed attention back to him. “No, no, no. This, this is different. This is just one boy. A
"That... wasn't actually sarcastic, was it? Are you sure I haven't broken your brain?" John's starting to look worried again.
Sherlock allows John to pull him down to the bed, to wrap his arms about him and curl himself around the taller man, trying to soothe him with his body. John pulls the duvet over both of them and Sherlock begins to relax, ever so slightly, in his embrace. John murmurs soft, reassuring words in Sherlock’s ear, pressing tightly against his friend, hoping it will be enough. “It’s good. You did good.”
Sherlock is silent and John begins to worry, both about him and about his own rapid heart rate. John can feel Sherlock’s chest moving up and down beneath his head, but it is slow and shallow. “Sherlock?”
“Having an actual conversation about what the hell is going on between us when neither one of us is drunk, high, angry, or bleeding. Okay, maybe not good but more productive than fighting and then randomly assaulting each other whenever one of us is on a mind altering substance.”
Sherlock claps him on the upper arm, grins, and disappears, leaving John shaking his head tolerantly.
Sherlock pauses and instead of going back downstairs, he steps fully into John’s room, standing just a few feet from him, a little uncomfortably.
In retrospect, John thinks days later in his bed, rubbing his split knuckles as Mary snores beside him, he really ought to have seen it coming.
But now he spends time with Eurus, seeing to her well-being despite her imprisonment, advocating for her even though she can’t or won’t acknowledge him. She does seem to understand he’s there at least. He plays the violin for her and eventually she does respond. It’s the only means they have to communicate and her only comfort. If she can even experience comfort. John is clearly sceptical and a little afraid of this development given what she has put them through, but says nothing, not wanting to discourage this light-years leap forward in Sherlock’s emotional growth.
“Why is she in love with me? I think I’ve made it perfectly clear that I do not reciprocate any feelings she may have in that area.”
“I swear, John, I really am fine. Well, I will be fine. Right as rain once you fix me up.” Sherlock tried to sound chipper, though it took an effort. He really was in an extraordinary amount of pain.
“Don’t get in a huff, it’s not a regular thing. Well, not anymore.” Sherlock tried to sit up but failed utterly and fell back to the bed. “Am I standing?”
He’d thought then that had to be the hardest moment, but he had been wrong. Standing here, facing Molly in all her knowing fury as she refuses to let him believe that John is going to be fine, this is the hardest moment.
Sherlock made a dismissive noise and pushed past John, thundering down the stairs two at a time. There was no denying he seemed energised and the sparkle was back in his eyes, but John could not see how he could possibly function given the events of the last week. Did the man actually live on his nerves? He trailed after him.
John still won't look at him. He's staring straight ahead, unfocused and withdrawn. Sherlock stands beside, uncomfortable again after their moment of intimacy, confused about whether he most wants to resume it or to flee. He does neither, just waits and fidgets with his hands behind his back.
As they chase down the lead, sneak into the Tube, and nearly blow up themselves and Parliament, all he can think about it how completely and totally right everything feels again. Even when Sherlock pulls the second worst prank in history on him, convincing him they're both about to die in an explosion just so he'll spill his guts and say Sherlock is forgiven, John doesn't even have it in him to be really angry.
She looks mildly surprised. "I thought you were a crime fighter, Doctor. I thought you solved the cases and brought the bad guys in to face judgement."
Mycroft met Sherlock outside the theatre. “That was very brave and very foolish of you, Sherlock. But you have the gratitude of the Crown. And…mine,” he added reluctantly.
Sherlock shook himself out of his trance, startled, and finally looked at John, his grey eyes taking a few seconds to focus. “What are you going on about?”
“That you were a fraud? Of course not. He’s not an idiot and even if he were, he loved you too much."
“Don’t bet on it.” John moved the gun to the right, against the man’s collar bone. “Do you want to find out how many bullets it takes to not kill you?”
But what is happening now is not quite any of those things. In the same way that Sherlock has given himself permission to rest and ignore cases for a few days, he also seems to have allowed himself room to indulge in anything else he wants to do. Which seems to be, mainly, John.  Not that Sherlock normally holds back, but there’s something different about this.
“No, nothing. But it has to be them… I know they don’t take betrayal lightly. I don’t think they want me back. I think they want me dead!”
The man spat blood and laughed. “You are a formidable man, Dr. Watson, but there are many things more frightening than you out there.”
Sherlock isn't good with feelings, but he knows what is radiating off of John right now is pure pain, and it hurts him. He is surprised that it hurts him, and how much. He is surprised that he would do literally anything to make it stop, even if he himself had to keep on hurting. He opens his mouth to ask how he can make the pain go away, but he realizes halfway through that he doesn't know how one asks such a thing, so the only word that escapes his lips is, "John..."
She crouches, ready to fight him unarmed, and he’s got no illusions about how long he’d last against her, even if she is favouring her left leg strongly. But instead he pulls out his Sig and she freezes, then straightens slowly.
“The boy, he died first. His eyes were open and flies came and laid on them. His tongue lolled out, it was almost black with thirst and swollen. I asked later if they’d taken him to his mother at least, and the sergeant laughed and said he was with her, alright.” John swallows. “Then it was my turn, I could feel it starting at my feet, going up my knees, to my intestines and kidneys and liver, all shutting down, one by one. I felt dizzy and then it was dark. It was nice. It was cool. I was alone. I was so glad.”
phone which has enough proof on it to clear your name entirely! I say we drop one with Europol, one with Lestrade, and go back to Baker Street and do nothing but sleep and watch telly for a week!”
“If I’m honest, it does me too,” he said, tucking in to the food ravenously. “But I’m more worried about Sherlock. If he doesn’t get over this obsession, he’ll be in no condition to face him again and then where does that leave us? If he can’t find a clue to Moriarty’s whereabouts, or figure out what his plan is, than I certainly won’t be able to. I wouldn’t even know where to start, I’m just glad I didn’t get blown up.”
"Am I?" Moriarty echoes his thoughts uncannily. "You can't tell me you haven't felt it, ever since the first time, since dear departed Carl. He was my first gift to you, when I realised I wasn't alone in this world. We've been connected intimately, spiraling ever closer to each other in this courtship dance of ours. We're the same, two sides of a two-headed coin. We belong to each other. We're the only ones who ever could. But you, you think you belong to John Watson, to a common tart, a lap dog who barely deserves the title. I can't have that, Sherlock. It makes me look bad."
There are some things John Watson doesn’t love. He hates the way Sherlock can, in less than a minute, go from sweetly affectionate to using everything he’s learned about John, even the most intimate knowledge, to eviscerate him verbally. He hates the way Sherlock expects, demands, instant forgiveness for even the most cutting cruelty, or sometimes doesn’t even realise he needs any at all. And he really hates the way Sherlock can disappear for hours or days without notice, making him ache with worry that his friend has discovered a new and interesting way to get himself killed.
Sherlock paces anxiously as he waits for John to come over. He's not at all sure he's done the right thing, that his gesture will be accepted for what it's meant to be. He can’t tell if the new boundaries between them are natural outgrowths of the changes since they were last together or if John has placed them there intentionally and is unwilling to alter them.
Now, though, she rushed in and threw her arms around him. “Oh John, I’m so sorry. So very sorry!” The raw, untempered honesty of her reaction nearly overcame him and he had to push down a lump in his throat and pull away from the hug to prevent himself from breaking down entirely.
John thinks of Harry, knowing whatever their problems in the past she won’t question him now, will treat him tenderly and with the love a sibling should show in this situation. But somehow the idea of her treating him differently now that Sherlock is…gone… is worse than any disagreement they’ve had in the past.
John shook his head at the proffered chair. “Not yet,” he said grimly. “But I need some information on someone. It’s very important, and I can’t tell you why I need it.”
“I didn’t even have time to really absorb what had happened, I barely had time to react at all when I heard a loud sound followed by a searing pain in my left shoulder, the worst thing I’d ever felt. Then everything went dark.”
Even now, she knew exactly what to do. She didn’t ask him how he was doing, or for details of what happened. She didn’t try to talk about Sherlock beyond her simple declaration of faith in him. She just sat there, hand on his arm, head resting against his, completely silent, sharing his pain. No one had ever done that for him before.
John shouldn't be surprised that Victor is quick to catch on. After all, Sherlock Holmes had loved him, once.
The flat is lovely and the location perfect, but the flatmate is frankly bonkers and for some reason John likes that. The more people who tell him to stay away from Sherlock Holmes, the more stubbornly he sticks to him. He is aware, vaguely, that the man is showing off for him, trying to please him in an odd way, and that this is unusual. Not the showing off, the wanting approval from someone who, really, shouldn’t matter to him one bit.
He rolls off of Sherlock, and off of the bed, taking hold of Sherlock’s feet and pulling him sharply to the edge of the mattress. He kneels prayerfully between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock pushes himself up on his elbows to watch as John slowly eases the waistband of his pyjama bottoms down, bit by tiny bit, like he is revealing a precious treasure.
John isn’t sure whether to be annoyed or glad when his New Year’s plans are hijacked by, for all appearances, Mycroft. Despite his worry, he’s not contacted the elder Holmes for advice. It would feel petulant and disloyal, and Sherlock wouldn’t thank him for it. But on some level, he’s glad that Mycroft has finally decided to insert himself into the situation, freeing him from having to decide to do it himself.
But now it's real. John is shattered. Sherlock is leaving, very possibly forever, going off to die unmourned in some dark place where no one will ever know. Even if he makes it back, there may be no reunion, no restoration of togetherness. Only separation, separate lives.
“I’ve done all I can to find him without attracting attention. My resources are great, but there’s only so much I can do. If I am too obvious then both your lives will be in danger, assuming Sherlock is, in fact, still alive. But you… they’ve stopped watching you, John. They assumed if he were somehow alive, he would have contacted you by now. You are literally the last person they expect to make a move… and thus you’re the only who can. You have to find him, John. You have to find out…” Mycroft trailed off.
Without even the smallest of tells beforehand, Sherlock launches himself at Moriarty only to pull up short at the flash of a laser sight in the corner of his vision. Sherlock freezes.
John hauls him up and as he does so, Sherlock rolls his ankle, hard. John will insist upon examining it and there will have to be some swelling.
“Several. But judging by the distortion and echoing of the killer’s voice, he’s likely near the top of the house. We’ll have to go up one more flight. Cover me.”
The man looks bewildered and frightened, but nods and squirrels the money away in a jacket pocket. “Please leave now,” he tells them.
He draws Molly’s arm from behind her back, gently feeling for a break that is thankfully not there. He holds her wrist loosely for a moment feeling the inflamed heat of it in his hand.
Before she can quite turn back to whatever it was she was looking at John says quickly, "I don't suppose you'd be interested in a dance, would you?"
Sherlock takes that in for a moment, strangely relieved, and inclines his head in thanks. "I hesitate to bring up a subject that may be painful for you as well, but do you know where your father got the name Trevor from?"
John jumps to his feet, all the anger and confusion he’s been repressing for weeks and months, since they met that damned woman, now finally boiling over.
It would be so easy, now, in the rush of anger and joy and relief at Sherlock’s return to fall into bed together. They both wanted it, he could feel it hanging in the air between them, hot and moist and tempting. But it would be a mistake. He wasn’t over what Sherlock had done, those six months of loneliness. Sex wasn’t going to fix that, and it couldn’t
"Safe? Our work involves at least one near miss a month, not to mention the weekly bruises, scrapes and other mishaps."
He freezes for a second and then lowers himself gingerly onto one of the most uncomfortable chairs he's ever encountered, upholstered in a daisy pattern.
It had taken John a mere four days to decide that, yes, a romantic relationship with Sherlock and all that entailed not only would work but was the only thing he ever wanted. But he let things go on this way for an additional three days as payback. It was good for Sherlock, he rationalized, to learn a little patience and spend some time being unsure of his footing. John knew once they crossed the line from playing at coupledom to actual coupledom, Sherlock’s uncertainty would disappear quickly, and he was enjoying having the upper hand, just this once.
John sometimes wonders if he is actually capable of saying no to Sherlock. If he is, it appears he’s not going to find out tonight. For no reason he can think of, he allows himself to be led to the dance floor. “Arm on my shoulder, hand here,” Sherlock orders, placing John's hand in one of his and planting his other firmly on John’s back. “Try not to lead. Let’s give Mycroft a thrill.”
He even tried to entertain John, when he remembered to do so, playing the violin for him and picking up novels of the pulpy sort John enjoyed when he went to the shops. He hardly slept, as usual, but when he did it was a light sleep, attentive to any noise from the bedroom that might indicate distress. Through it all, John was silently appreciative and tried to be a model patient, which was difficult for him. He felt that to draw attention to his friend’s newly-found nurturing side would only embarrass them both. He adopted a stiff-upper-lip attitude to the whole thing, but was deeply grateful for Sherlock’s presence.
“Well, John - here, give Rosie to Mrs. Hudson, that’s it.” Their landlady materialises from the kitchen, where she’s been trying to sand some of the acid pitting out of the floorboard and takes Rosie in her arms.
“If he’d have talked to me he would have deduced what was wrong precisely within thirty seconds, and in that case I doubt he’d be content with a laissez-faire policy.”
John let out a sigh of relief, followed almost immediately by a swell of heartbreaking empathy. He was not the only who had felt alone, then. And how much worse had it been for Sherlock, to be unable to express this, even in the confines of his own head? To be constantly, forever, missing social cues, trying to find a connection with someone but never really knowing why it failed, until it was too late. Not knowing how to act as a friend or a lover, and not really knowing the difference between them. No wonder they had taken to each other so immediately, so desperately. And Sherlock was not asking John for something he wasn't sure he would be able to give, either.
“Is this your version of the ‘break his heart and they’ll never find your body’ speech?” John asks. “Because you’re not very good at it. Not to mention we aren’t actually together. All your surveillance must have told you that much at least.”
It doesn’t take long. John has barely clawed his way back to coherence when he feels the hitch in Sherlock’s tempo that means he is close. John pulls tighter around him as Sherlock slows incrementally and digs his fingers hard into John’s shoulder, his breathing rough. John rolls his hips back as Sherlock pushes forward against him and that last movement is enough. Sherlock gives a keening cry and twitches sharply, and John can feel every pulse and throb more vividly than if Sherlock were in him, feel the sticky heat of Sherlock’s release on the small of his back.
“No, it’s not,” Sherlock agrees, feeling suddenly very calm. “Like I said… I can’t live like this. I can’t work. I have nothing. I can’t be me like this. You know I can't. It's best if I go now. Before it gets worse."
Sherlock looks pleased with himself for this little speech. John makes no reply and looks out the window, and Sherlock finally cottons on that something is wrong.
Still, John’s initial reaction had been within expected parameters. It was only after John had been pulled off him that Sherlock had realised something was off. John wasn’t relenting once the first rush of anger had been spent, roiling and bubbling like the Earth’s molten core. And there was a woman with him, seeming both concerned and also somehow enormously entertained by them. She looked like she wished she’d brought popcorn.
John pushes inside him with no warning, merciless, slicked only with saliva, and it hurts but it’s also like sparks going off inside his head, the closest thing to light he’s had for days. And John is so warm, he'd forgotten how warm. John's heat warms him from the inside, melting away the pain. John’s hand on his hip is digging into Sherlock's flesh and his other twists tighter into Sherlock’s hair, as John begins to move, thrusting slowly at first, but hard and deep, as deep as he can go, like he's trying to exorcise whatever demon is within Sherlock.
He grabs his laptop and flops into his chair, typing studiously away at his latest piece. It doesn’t work. He manages to pretend for nearly five minutes that his friend isn’t staring at him with unblinking grey eyes, boring into the side of his head. But if there’s man born who can resist that gaze longer, John isn’t him. Swallowing hard he looks up. “Yes?”
John doesn’t know how long they lie there, but at last Sherlock stirs and then just as abruptly aborts the movement, returning again to perfect stillness but now with a tense undercurrent humming against John’s body.
About three weeks after Sherlock’s death, John is out walking. He is not going anywhere in particular, he just can’t bear the emptiness of the flat any more, being alone with his own feelings, his memories, without purpose. He is lost in his own thoughts when a black town car pulls up beside him and stops. A large man gets out and opens the door for him.
John realises in retrospect that Sherlock must have known what was in the box before he opened it, known exactly what it meant. Both that she was about to be found dead, and that she wasn’t just yet. When John was chasing after Sherlock, harrying him about the number of texts and whether he replied or not, Irene Adler was out there in the world, dying.
I'VE ALWAYS WONDERED WHAT WAS GOING ON IN YOUR BRAIN WHEN YOU SEE ME GLOW, John comments as they both put street clothes back on. ALTHOUGH I SUPPOSED IN THIS CASE THERE MIGHT BE SOME CONFOUNDING FACTORS.
"Oh, yes." She grabs a small wrapped box off the table. "Give this to John, would you? Wedding gift. Not supposed to see each other and all that nonsense."
Sherlock Holmes’ return to 221B Baker Street had gone, initially, exactly as he had expected. Upon discovering him sprawled nonchalantly in the sitting room when returning from a shift at the surgery, John had punched him in the jaw. Twice. That had, of course, been a near inevitability and any other reaction would have been cause for worry.
John held his temper. “That’s the most you’ve said to me or to anyone else in over a week. I know this has something to do with what happened at the pool. It shook us both up. Just talk to me.”
He exited the building as quickly as security would allow and forced himself to get several blocks away, to a small park, before he tore open the envelope.
"You're saying," he says slowly, like he can't quite believe what he's heard. "That when you were a child you had a friend - a best friend - with the same name as me, with red hair like mine, and that your...very troubled...six-year-old sister killed him and then was locked away permanently. But you had no conscious memory of this, of either of them, for years?"
“No, Molly, everything is exactly right. Turn the power off and take the battery out, then go outside,” he said, flipping his phone shut. He waited 60 seconds and re-dialed Molly’s actual mobile number. She answered immediately.
When John was settled he fell almost instantly asleep. Mrs. Hudson came to see if either needed anything. “No, thank you,” Sherlock said, not taking his sharp eyes off his sleeping flatmate. He reached in his coat pocket. “But I would ask that you keep these in your possession and administer them to John at the intervals indicated on the labels. I’ll manage the rest of his care.”
“I see you hurt every damn day. I can’t lose you either. If this is what you’re going to do to yourself then I’m coming with you and good luck stopping me!” He lunges towards the fallen syringe.
The doctor put up her hands in defeat and signed the discharge papers. Sherlock insisted upon pushing the wheelchair to the waiting taxi, and carrying John up the stairs when they reached 221B. John was quiet, exhausted from the effort of leaving the hospital and the short periods in which he’d had to stand, leaning on his friend, to get home. Sherlock put him in his own bedroom. Mrs. Hudson had put clean linens on the bed and brought some of Johns things down from his room, making Sherlock's room more cluttered than it ever had been before. “Too many stairs,” he said by way of explaining why he did not take John to his upstairs room. “I’ll kip on the sofa.”
Lestrade chuckles and turns to John. “Good to see you, John. Surprised you didn’t turn up yesterday. Finally found something better to do than trail after this bastard?”
“Same as you, I’d imagine. I heard the news. I couldn’t believe it, so I had to come and see for myself. It’s quite dangerous for me to be here, as you may have guessed. My circumstances have been…much reduced…but I still have some resources, it just took a little time to get myself here safely.”
As he’s slowly hanging his shirts back in the wardrobe, he hears Sherlock bellow from the sitting room. “John! John.
"John, I am going to tell you something and then I am going to ask you to do something for me." He keeps his tone even. "It's very important for me that you not react immediately to what I'm going to say, however much you might want to, and just do as I wish without asking me any questions right away. I cannot process an emotional outpouring or speak at length right now. Can you do that?"
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it. He shifted nervously, sitting on his haunches and twining his fingers around and around each other. He tried again. “John, I –” he managed and stopped.
Lestrade nods. “Only thing is, he also had blunt force trauma to the side of the head, the kind that would have put him out of commission for at least a few minutes. Odd then, to wake up from that and off yourself. Of course everything else lines up, the knife, the fingerprints, the angle of the cut, the time of death, so unless you have anything new to add…”
“Oh, there is one, and that would be me,” Moran said. He sounded confident but Sherlock could see he was rattled. “I just need the data on that phone to consolidate the operations and they will come to me like men in the desert come to an oasis.”
to be as hurt as he – then hated himself for thinking such things. Either way he couldn’t face her, and it appeared that she couldn’t face him either.
“You keep after him,” John said panting. “You’re faster. I think I know where he’s heading, I might be able to cut him off.”
He feels surprisingly reluctant to leave John, something in him stubbornly protective of him even though the danger has passed. At least for now. Without meaning to, Sherlock brushes John's hair off his forehead and plants a lingering kiss there even though John will never know. Then he dons his coat like a suit of armour and leaves the flat, forcing himself not to look back at the sleeping form on the sofa.
John grabs his arm. “Wait. Are we okay here? I mean just for a few more minutes. Is anyone watching?”
Once John was on his feet and moved back into his own bedroom, things began to go back to normal again. Sherlock resumed treating John as an ever-present sounding board, stopped doing any shopping, cooking, or cleaning whatsoever, and threw tantrums when John attempted to watch programmes on the telly he didn’t approve of. This, more than anything, made John feel like he was well again. He had appreciated the attentiveness, but coming from Sherlock it was also a bit unnerving and made him feel like the other man thought he was on death’s doorstep.
Somehow, this is far more alarming than when John was berating him. John’s aura is crackling and flickering, like he’s conflicted.
He takes the long way back to 221B, needing to clear his head, to wrap his mind around the information he’s just been given. There’s a sense of relief of something to do, after days of inaction and helplessness. There’s a feeling of paralysis in the face of so many unknowns and so little hope of success. There’s a hint of familiar excitement at the mystery and danger he’s heading into, danger he's learned he can’t function without.
John holds up his hands defensively, in an attempt to placate her. "Are you sure you're not actually a red-head? Calm down. I'm just here to check in with you and make sure things are going smoothly. That's it. There's no problem, no one thinks you aren't handling it well. It's just a very valuable... job. They want to make sure you have what you need."
Sherlock is polite, nervous, and as apologetic as he gets. He's a little disconcerted by John's lack of aggression and just barely hopeful. Solicitous, he draws John into the case and before John knows it he's sitting in his old chair, running through clues and scenarios like no time at all has passed.
injured, nearly killed, and I almost had to watch! I’m not sure which is worse really, the thought of watching you die or the thought that it might have happened while I was sound asleep in our bed! I woke up and you were
"Like... Like a cut out of yourself. But fluid. Like molten gold. I can make out your features, faintly, your expressions, when you’re close."
He rattles about the flat for awhile, unable to settle on a task even though he has the elements of several experiments waiting for him in the fridge. He checks his usual hiding spots from habit and is unsurprised to find them empty. He could do with some stimulation but is unable to get up the willpower to go out and obtain anything worthwhile. Plus, if John is already upset with him, being high when he gets home probably wouldn’t help the situation.
Sherlock being flustered like this flusters John, and it’s only made worse by how she’s taunting John with words he’s not allowed to say, not allowed to hint at, and it’s fine as long as no one else says them either, but she does. She just lays them out there carelessly, with a knowing look at him and instantly he’s naked too, but not naked like she is, like a little boy caught with his trousers down.
He snatches the bloody razor blade off the floor and swiftly slices a long, thin line in his forearm. Sherlock gasps as the blood blooms against John’s skin, shocked into momentary sobriety. “John—”
, I don’t have this place rigged with explosives. That would have been great, though – oldest theatre in London,
As his attraction and attachment to the man continues to grow, he is not unaware of his friend’s hungry stares, abruptly terminated if John turns toward him. Sherlock stands closer to him and doesn’t realise. Sherlock grow more intolerant of long absences on John’s part. Sherlock takes obvious delight in any move John makes to protect or defend him. John notices all of this, but he’s not sure Sherlock does.
It had been twenty-one days since Sherlock Holmes had fallen to his death, in front of his best friend and half of London. John Watson had come to the grave every one of those twenty-one days, alone. There was never anyone else there. Mrs. Hudson had joined him once or twice, but that was it. He had expected Molly to come. Or at least Mycroft. But they never did, at least not as far as he knew. It was better that he hadn’t seen Mycroft – John feared what he might do if he encountered the older Holmes brother.
Without intent, Sherlock finds himself moving back to John and then halting, several times before he manages to still. He forces his body to stand obedient, several feet away, and yet he can feel his whole self inclining towards the doctor.
“Everything I know, not everything I suspect. All things in their time. But one thing is for sure, whoever is doing this is intimately familiar with the Society for Ginger Advancement and desperately wants Bryant – and us – to think they’re the ones responsible. Two levels of set-ups. Brilliant.”
The next morning, Sherlock was up before John, if he had ever gone to bed. He was at the table, going through his microscope slides, as Mrs. Hudson had put them all in a big box without thought to his organization system and now they were all out of order. He didn’t glance up when John entered the kitchen, yawning.
Once in Bruges proper, Sherlock barely even notices the two nights of sleeping rough before he find an in with the less savory classes. Just as well, it takes him that long to get a good read of the city, to feel it and understand it and become part of it.
Sherlock’s inner struggle between his natural curmudgeon and the desire John has set coursing through his veins is written all over his face. He hesitates for just a moment too long, and then, at last, cranes his neck up to take John’s mouth in his and kisses him violently, dragging John’s head back down with him and using his agile legs to slam John’s pelvis against his.
“Look, you have to promise to let me know where you are, okay?” Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but John talked over him. “Yes, I know it’s not safe, someone might find out, blah blah blah. Are you seriously telling me that a genius like you can’t figure out how to communicate your basic location on the planet to me without anyone knowing? Not. Negotiable.”
" 'Reactived?' Is that what we're calling it now?" Sherlock asks, teasingly, feeling optimistic for the first time in days. To his surprise John doesn't retort, but shifts from foot to foot and looks at the floor.
John’s brow is furrowed and he glances around, clearly making sure Mary is not in sight. “Yeah, I need you to tell me why the bloody hell you chose today of all days, after everything, to say
John emerges from the hospital doors at long last and Sherlock doesn't need to ask what happened. John won't meet his eyes, he just walks up to Sherlock and is still, shoulders slumped and defeated, gaze downcast. Then he just crumples, collapsing in on himself, seeming very small all of a sudden. He falls against Sherlock's chest as if the effort to remain standing has suddenly become too much, unable to support even his own slight weight.
Sherlock looks at John with wide, desperate eyes, pleading wordlessly. John can see Sherlock needs this, he doesn’t know why, but he needs it badly. And John can feel his own desire, so long controlled and managed carefully, screaming to be set loose, even as other parts of his brain recoil from the idea. He closes his eyes and makes a decision.
A hand grabs his bicep and he pushes John away again, but John’s not having it. Sherlock fights, but John tackles him, knocking him to the floor and straddling his chest, holding his wrists tight above his head, pinning him.
Sherlock tenses beneath his head and he feels guilty for destroying the moment, but there hasn’t been any other time lately that he could get Sherlock to be still and listen. John can nearly hear the gears in his mind grind as he tries to comprehend what John is saying to him.
that! You surround yourself with the common, but you’re not one of them. Not any more than I am. How can you stand it? The stinking
“Problem, Mycroft?” Sherlock asks in a bored tone, striding in briskly and throwing himself down on one of his brother’s antique French chairs, putting his feet on the pre-Revolution upholstery. “I’m really very busy today.”
Some time later, exhausted, John collapses panting and sweat-slicked onto Sherlock’s chest, sky blue silk and creamy skin soft and sticky against his cheek. Sherlock gives a shudder of a sigh under him, all satisfaction and release of anxiety, as always most at peace when John is most in contact with him. John feels empty in the most delightful of ways, now devoid of tension and fear and anger, just a memory of recent pleasure, a husk of impossible lightness resting upon the object of his deepest happiness.
John steps back, visibly calming himself.  He closes his eyes. “You know what, I’m sorry Sherlock. You’re right, you didn’t say anything wrong. It was a perfectly normal, lovely thing for a best friend to say at a wedding. You were great. Thank you. Thank you for all of this, it’s amazing.”
“Ah, Sebastian,” Sherlock said cheerfully. “Glad you’re up! There are so many things I would love to talk to you about, but sadly, our time is limited.” He removed the gag from Moran’s mouth.
“John!” Mycroft boomed. “He did it for you! Now will you be quiet for one second and listen to what I have to say?”
“Is that your way of saying you’d like to stay here tonight?” John asks, a bit mischievously, trying to lighten the mood.
Sherlock awoke slowly, to darkness. He was stationary now. The last few times he had woken there had been motion – a train, a ship, then a truck of some kind. Each time he’d only had a few moments to gauge his whereabouts before being drugged again. He had no idea how much time had passed, but knew it must have been days at least. He knew they had been heading north, and must be quite a ways away from Croatia now, possibly in Scandinavia?
"Very funny. You're using the vital intelligence resources of the British Crown to toy with me now?"
“You can’t keep him, you know. He’s not a pet or a possession or even an anthropomorphised skull. You can’t make him stay with you.”
John laughs bitterly. “Because she’s all you can think about. Because she died and you took it harder than I’ve ever seen you take anything, and now she’s alive and you’re basking in it.”
He ignored her comment. “Well, you’ve seen all there is to see, and if that’s not enough to convince you then nothing will. Why don’t you just leave?”
“Did I do this?” he whispers, and John looks away; a kindness to not speak the answer they already know. Sherlock casts about for words of apology, but can find none adequate to the magnitude of what has been lost, for John, for him. He bows his head instead, bringing their foreheads to touch, slotting his nose against John’s nose, feeling the nostrils flare against his own, their lips only micrometres apart.
“Glowing?” John is a bit taken aback, but then recalls the other times Sherlock has referenced something like that about him. He’d thought it was poetic license, although he probably should have known better given that this is Sherlock they are talking about. “You’ve said things like that before. Do you… really see that?”
Jim Moriarty stepped into a patch of light. He was wearing an army uniform, British, circa 1942. “Don’t you
The office is easy to find and empty, although the light on and warmth of the computer tells him it was recently occupied and may soon be again.  Like Bryant himself it is a little homely and chaotic, though seemingly random piles of paperwork speak of a personal organisation system opaque to anyone but its progenitor. John is familiar with this method, and would bet the man can pull out any needed item or document instantly upon request. A few personal items and photos inhabit the space, but nothing seems significant or out of place.
It takes John a second to tie this back to his remark from weeks ago. He silently bangs his head against the tile wall. “I am not having this conversation with you. This is not a conversation that people have. Now get out of here and let me finish my shower in peace before I brain you with the soap.”
Over the next few weeks, Sherlock proved himself to be a surprisingly capable nurse. He continued to work on cases, but only those that could be solved relatively easily without too much legwork. He changed John’s bandages with deft fingers, helped him stand and take small, slow excursions around the flat to keep his legs from weakening. He made John’s meals, even if they did come from a tin. His one attempt at cooking from scratch had been inedible. Mrs. Hudson brought a regular stream of soups and snacks to supplement Sherlock’s efforts.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock graciously. “But I feel that I showed a rather large amount of compassion, all things considered.”
“You work for Moran? Don’t you?! How did you find me?” The man didn’t answer. John punched him again, this time with his fist, square in the nose. “I’m not playing around. I have no problem with killing you right now if you don’t tell me what’s going on,” he said, his voice going from loud and angry to low and calm with a frightening speed.
Sherlock is more than happy to comply. That will avoid him having to navigate the flat too much. He's memorized it well enough, but things do get moved and he wouldn't want to trip and give himself away.
“No,” John says, scrambling to his feet, unable to bear the sight of her any longer, queasy in her very presence. “No, don’t… don’t you ever speak to me again! Do you understand me? I don’t want to see or hear from you ever again. You’re a disgrace.”
“Okay, that takes care of the means,” John says, making a mental note to rewash all the dishes and scour the kitchen before either of them eat anything. “What about the man?”
"Alcohol" he tells John, with difficulty, not at all sure the word is the right one. "Start with alcohol."
“Good...so far. I thought it would be like being chained up or held down, but doesn’t seem to be. It’s more like having a centre of gravity that can bring me back even if I go very far away.”
John grabs his t-shirt in a daze and wipes them both reasonably clean before settling perpendicular to Sherlock, head on the taut stomach. Sherlock digs his fingers into John’s hair, sated and speechless.
John grabs him by the shirt, crushing dark silk in his hands. “Don’t think. Tell me. What do you want? Whatever you want.” He looks at Sherlock meaningfully. “I will do – or not do – whatever you want. But you have to
"Mary, I..." He thinks about denying it, but she's not going to be fooled, not after his first reaction. "How?"
When he can collect himself enough to move, he goes out and finds one of the few remaining dealers he can trust who Lestrade has not put behind bars. He purchases a few grams of the highest quality, returns home, and carefully prepares his seven percent solution using his own personal, meticulously sterilised tools.
“You called this one,” he admits. “William Sterling, owner of the nursery at the address you provided. Size 12 wellies, traces of cyanide in the pesticide storage area, claims he was alone on the premises, sleeping, during the window we established, but no one to confirm. Everything, just like you said. And the fingerprints on the coffee maker match. You have five minutes, but you won’t need it – everything points to him.”
In response, Sherlock slides another finger into him, searching for his prostate while still smearing his thumb across John's sensitive perineum. John cries out when Sherlock brushes against the gland. He frees his legs and throws them over Sherlock's shoulders, tilting his hips up, inviting Sherlock in.
? Is he the one that doesn't trust me? I can hardly win the trust of a man I've never been allowed to meet!"
Sherlock nods helplessly, knowing anything he says now will only make it worse. "Do you want me to leave?" he repeats.
Sherlock’s eyes blow wide and he opens his mouth, but no sound comes out. John gives him the closest thing to a smile he’s seen since he returned and shakes his head, craning his neck up so he can take Sherlock’s mouth again, saving him the words.
John is grateful for quick reflexes and dives as the bolt just misses him. He rolls and comes up close enough to hook a foot behind hers and throw her off balance. She stifles a shriek of pain and scrabbles for the knife in her boot, but John’s already got it off her.
John breaks the kiss after long seconds but leaves his face right there; Sherlock can smell John's breath and feel spittle fleck his face as John speaks with mouth and hands at the same time. He’s yelling, screaming at Sherlock, uncaring that his friend can’t hear him.
“Don’t,” he says with hard eyes. “Don’t. Believe me, after what you’ve done you don’t want to give me any more excuses to kill you than I already have.”
Sherlock is abashed, but only a little. “Well, you’ve been stretched so thin, temporally and financially. I just thought you might appreciate the option to focus on Rosie for a while… and casework.”
"Well do it quickly, John, you're no good to me like this." Surprisingly, this seems to help, jarring John from his painful introspection.
The case drags out. Sherlock is unable to figure out exactly what the murder weapon is, or if it has any actual significance. Similar murders continue to crop up every few days, but with no real predictability of time. Locations seem completely random, scattered throughout the greater London area. All the bodies are found hanging upside down in abandoned buildings after having been strangled. The only other consistent fact is that they are all female, and the victims are growing progressively younger. The latest one is just eight and half.
He glances around the compartment and his gaze falls on a laptop. He realises she's been trying not to look at it the entire time he's been in the room. "I will be taking that, though."
“Quite. Mr. Holmes, you have in your possession an item which is of great value to me. My proposition is very simple. Tell me where it is, and once I have it and have verified the contents, I will let you go home without any further interference, provide you agree to extend me the same courtesy. Now, what do you say, Mr. Holmes, shall we close the door on this rather upsetting chapter of both our lives?”
"I will tell him precisely nothing," Mycroft cuts him off. "Surely you wouldn't wish to put him through all this again?"
And John is thrusting harder, rougher, and it’s pleasure-pain together, and so fierce. It makes him ache from the inside out yet Sherlock finds himself growing hard beneath the onslaught. Every nerve is alive, all his remaining senses engaged, overloaded, and his mind finally quietens. John is still furious, but there's so much than that, and Sherlock wants to feel all of it, to understand, to take it into himself and let it scream through his veins and cleanse him of everything dark and bad inside of him. When Sherlock responds to John's savage rhythm by rutting back into him, he can feel John’s relief, though he doesn't relent in the least. John lets go of his hair to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock, leaving Sherlock’s face pressed into in the rug as he fucks him within an inch of his life.
Sherlock was the one who could spot the tiny discrepancies, the esoteric inconsistencies, could crunch the terrabytes of data instantly in his head to discern which path to take. How is John supposed to do this without him? Why does he even want to?
“Did you get dinner?” Sherlock’s question reaches John’s ears before he’s fully gotten inside the door.
“Was that my gun you just made off with?” John asked weakly. “And I suppose shoes and a shirt would take too much time?”
“What on earth are you possibly stealing that could be worth all this?” John demands. “This is a paper factory for God’s sake. What, they make cocaine on the side?”
“Got it,” he tells John abruptly. He can imagine the faintly puzzled look John must be giving him now, unaware of how clearly Sherlock can visualize the string of chemicals he’s just read off.
“Pretentious wanker. I mean…this. The relaxing, the not worrying about cases. I’ve seen you take your pistol to the drywall over an afternoon of boredom and shoot up enough cocaine to make an elephant attempt bobsledding after a couple of days without work. It’s fantastic, don’t get me wrong, I definitely encourage this behaviour as much and as often as you like… I’m just surprised you aren’t driving yourself insane yet.”
Before John can balk, the song ends, the spell is broken, and Sherlock releases him and bows, slightly sardonically. “Well done. Now you can try that with a countess. Excuse me.” Before John can respond, Sherlock vanishes.
“Well, this certainly explains a few things,” she drawls, nodding at the two of them on the floor. “Actually, it takes the sting out of the rejection.”
The feeling of being inside Sherlock, though no less profound, was at least slightly more familiar territory for John and he luxuriated in Sherlock’s bony hips bucking against him, and the sound of his deep voice first begging, then ordering him to move, thrust harder, deeper, faster against him, growing hoarse with desire as they both drew near again and plunged over the edge together, at last collapsing on the bed, John still inside Sherlock, showering his back and sharp shoulder blades with kisses as they slowly came down.
“Sherlock,” he gasps and he feels Sherlock smile against him, though he does not miss a beat in his lapping.
“Here, how did you get out of your chains?” the guard exclaimed, dropping the tray of food he had been carrying and fumbling for his weapon.
Molly is pestering him to talk about Sherlock and he decides it would be cruel to crush her now. She’ll find out soon enough. He manages to turn her attention to the body.
Their date, and even Sherlock seemed to realise that it was in fact very much a date, went well. The restaurant was one neither had visited before and was somewhat romantic, but not stomach-churningly so. John ordered a wine he knew Sherlock would like, and finally, for the first time, asked him about his time away without bitterness or resentment. He let Sherlock tell him about his adventures and narrow escapes, talk about his own cleverness in hunting down Moriarty’s network, and John allowed himself to be riveted by the stories without dwelling on his own sorry state during the intervening time.
Laying this sort of groundwork is tedious at best, and Sherlock is relieved when someone finally engages him with something other than a comment about the weather or his chosen beverage.  Late afternoon on the third day a ruddy man sidles up to him at the bar.
It is the first time he’s said his friend’s name in days, and the two stare wordlessly at each other for long seconds. John is appalled at the degree to which his body has responded to the unwanted kiss, how delicious the taste of Sherlock on his lips again was, how he warmed at the touch of his hands. He hates Sherlock for making him want him again.
John Watson isn’t sure about Sherlock Holmes right away. He’s an odd duck, no denying that, but clearly brilliant. John finds the combination of his intelligence and his refusal to hide it, along with his complete lack of respect for social conventions, rather refreshing. Particularly the bit where he treats John like a complete person with some interesting facts about him instead of as damaged goods.
This puts Sherlock on firmer territory. “Because he’s better at the game than I am,” he tells her and watches her shock at his admission of being anything less than superior to anyone. “Even dead. And the stakes are too high if I lose. I’m not the forfeit here. It’s John… it’s Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson too. And you. You think you got off because you seem insignificant, but they’ll know you helped me and exact retribution on you too. There are contingencies within contingencies to make sure Moriarty wins no matter the odds. The only way to win is to lose and keep losing until no one can conceive of the possibility that you might still be playing.”
"Why did they send you?" she hisses, dropping her wrap and clutch on a bench beside them as if she's getting her hands free for a fight. "Why now? I've been working on this for months, someone like you can only screw it up at this point. My people are in place, I just have to wait for the right day. You can't rush something like this. Or is it
It only takes about fifteen minutes to explain the situation to Bryant. It takes another thirty for John to talk him out of having a complete nervous breakdown, while Sherlock lazily searches the house for bugs or other new evidence.
He pulls John to him and they sink to the pillows together, wrapped up in each other at last. Sherlock can feel John’s silent sobs begin to shake him, and to his amazement discovers his own cheek is wet as well. They hold each other a long time, faces buried in the curve of necks, not speaking, waiting for the overwhelming pain and relief to ebb enough to move, to think.
Molly has no answer for that, but she’s still fuming. He envies her righteous and futile rage at the injustice of it, her stubborn insistence that this is wrong and there’s another way out. He wishes he had the luxury of sharing it.
Sherlock inclines his head. “Perfectly reasonable precaution,” he agrees amiably. “I’m happy to go with you.”
That was how Lestrade’s men found them, twenty minutes later: The tall, thin detective draped over the army doctor, shielding him from the elements with every fiber of his slender body. The Detective Inspector had to physically pry Sherlock off of his friend – he was delirious, and further into hypothermia than John. John’s wool jumper and the shelter Sherlock had provided had helped him retain some heat, while Sherlock had been wearing cotton (which sapped heat from a body when wet), was exposed to the wind, and had virtually no body fat to help him conserve warmth.
She snorts harshly at him. “I don’t need to have, we track the ID of every employee who walks through the door electronically. This isn’t the Dark Ages. But as it happens, I walked by his office and saw him in there, working away. Good man. He doesn’t have to come in today, like we do.”
Sherlock was rummaging for his phone. “Alright, I can’t stop you but I’m going with you,” John said firmly. “If nothing else, you need medical supervision.”
“No,” says Sherlock, grimly. He falls silent. Talking without being able to hear is exhausting and frustrating, and this new discovery only makes him feel further away from the answer. The Hound drug has been their only lead and there’s so little of this new compound in his system that either it’s not actually the culprit itself but just a byproduct or, worse, it is the cause of all this and his body has already metabolised most of it. If that the case, if it's leaving his system but his symptoms are worsening, then that would mean its effects are mostly likely permanent. And quite possibly degenerative.
“John, did you hear me?” Sherlock cocks his head, looking him over for any evidence of what he might have been contemplating.
“I suppose you wouldn’t buy that I’m starting a new life as an honest entrepreneur, trying to scrape up a living in the specialty shipping business?”
"Aside from every single thing about you two?" Her face hardens just a little bit. "His waking up screaming your name three times a week while you were gone was a hint. Not always in terror.”
“Let’s hope not,” John says, wiping cold sea-spray from his face. Talking seems to help distract from the queasiness so he asks politely. “Uni, eh? Where at and what are you studying?”
John manages to get Sherlock out the door, eventually, by hoisting him over one shoulder like a gangly sack of potatoes and hauling him to the taxi. Trying to help him walk had only resulted in going in circles, though it had yielded a number of amusing videos for Lestrade and his boys. John doesn’t try and stop them because Sherlock can always use another check on his ego and, frankly, John’s running out of ideas.
"Then work different," John tells him with steel in his voice. "Or don't, and live with the fact that I'm not always going to do what you want me to do."
“The amount of things I know would likely cause your small brain to vaporise,” Sherlock drawls, pushing past him into the squalid flat. John follows, reluctantly.
It does little for the pain, but nothing can. Some time in the past 18 month he has forgotten how to be alone, and it is too quiet, too dark, too still without another human being, without someone to leave appalling messes in the kitchen, body parts in the fridge, mock crime scenes in the sitting room. But he cannot abide the company of anyone else, so he endures, still trying to hold on to the idea that it might all be a dream, or a trick, that Sherlock might still be alive, somehow. He wishes Moriarty were still alive so he would have someone to hunt, to kill, to take revenge on.
They arrive at the paper company in plenty of time. Bryant is white as a sheet and shaking, but doesn’t appear in immediate danger of passing out. The office and warehouse areas are both dark. It’s only once they’re huddled in the cold outside of the warehouse that Sherlock deigns to explain the plan.
Sherlock nods curtly, respecting John’s logic, but John can feel him still rolling the information John’s just given him around in his brain, like rocks in a tumbler that won’t stop until all the rough edges are gone, until the ideas are smooth and shiny and fit in his mind perfectly.
Mary isn’t any more normal than John is, although she doesn’t try as hard to pretend that she is. Sherlock hasn’t quite ferreted out what it is about her that doesn’t fit, other than her above-average intelligence and perceptiveness. While he’s come to accept and even enjoy her presence, he finds that thinking too deeply about her, analysing her the way he automatically does to others, is uncomfortable for him.
Sherlock’s eyes are half closed, listening to the music, and he wears a small smile of contentment on his face. He seems happy and, moreover, peaceful, which is not an emotion John has learned to associate with him. They are too close now, John can smell him, can feel the blood pumping into his hands and his warm breath on John’s cheek. It’s too intimate, changing the dance from a simple quirk of Sherlock’s into something that might have another meaning, and it spooks John, brings him back to the reality of where he is and what they have been doing.
On Wednesday the call came that Sherlock was no longer a wanted criminal, although there were still some things to sort out before he could take cases of any kind. But he no longer needed to stay inside and pretend he didn’t exist. The speed with which he bolted out the door of the flat upon hearing this was astonishing. John could hardly blame him, after a week cooped up inside with his flatmate messing with his perception of reality. He didn’t ask Sherlock where he was going, but did manage to halt him just long enough to ask if he could be back by seven.
He comes out of his reverie, startled to realize two things: That it is nearly dark and that he is somehow wandered back around the city and is standing outside of 221B.
John couldn’t stop himself from laughing just a little. “I wasn’t trying to tease you, not really. I was just…practising.”
“Bloody hell, I don’t think so! Not after what you’ve put me through. I am not letting you out of my sight.” John was furious.
Molly makes soothing noises but doesn’t attempt to talk him down other than the occasional murmur of “I know you did. Everyone knows you did.”
He entwines his fingers in Sherlock’s, pulling the arm back over Sherlock's head while he runs his lips down the inside of it, starting at Sherlock’s wrist and ending with his face buried in Sherlock’s armpit, inhaling the deep, pleasant musk that makes his stomach clench with desire.
So this Sherlock Holmes’ idea of romance and relationships.  He esteems choice beyond love, loyalty above sentiment. Suddenly it clicks for John. Sherlock doesn’t like love because to him it means being controlled by another person or your own emotions, changing you who you are, the destruction of self. Maybe they are on the same page about this, just reading it in different languages.
John fills Sherlock up, gripping Sherlock’s hair tight enough to convey his desire, his need. Sherlock winds his agile tongue around John’s shaft and snakes a hand back to stroke John’s buttocks, softly at first then harder, massaging, stimulating the area around John’s anus without touching it, just enough to enhance the sensation of Sherlock’s steady suction, his careful tonguing.
Not wanting Mary to know how right she was, he waits until she leaves before, against his better judgement, heading back to Baker Street. He contemplates the door, not sure exactly what he's going to say to Sherlock or what he wants from him. He's not even sure he's going to go in, really. But before he can decide, the choice is made for him.
“Now, there’s not much we can do right now. We need to wait until they make their next move, and I suspect that won’t be for some time. I have some hunches to follow up on, but for now I think we need to worry about more pressing concerns.”
“Good, John. Not necessarily, although in a settled relationship that doesn’t happen as often. More common in affairs, but he’s not married. It was the whiff of women’s perfume I caught. He carries a handkerchief scented with it in his pocket. Very Victorian sentiment; very recent infatuation behaviour.”
He instantly regrets it. What if he angers John? What if John withdraws, stops speaking to him? He’d be utterly alone.
Lestrade winces but is otherwise stoic as he motions John into his office. He sits behind the desk and opens his mouth as if he’s going to try again, but then thinks better of it. He clears his throat and gets to business.
John looks Greg in the eyes for the first time. They’re earnest, regretful and pleading. And afraid. He finds himself softening against his will, even if he’s not sure he’ll ever be able to forgive the man either.
Sherlock was on his feet now, attempting to pull his hospital gown adequately around him, and painfully aware of how short it was. “No interview, no statement.”
Sherlock uses one hand to keep John down on the bed (an unnecessary precaution) while tearing at John’s belt and the fastenings of John’s jeans with the other, until he manages to loosen them enough to yank them down over John’s resurging erection. Sherlock kneels behind him and places both hands firmly on his bared arse. John’s heart skips a beat as he feels himself being spread apart and trembles expectantly as Sherlock’s hot breath draws nearer.
Sherlock lets his mind do as it will, filing the memories and feelings one by one until everything makes sense again and the daze recedes. He realises he is on the floor, covered in oil and bodily fluids and is starting to become cold. The creeping sensation of discomfort, disgust, and panic starts at his feet and spreads upward, raising all the hairs on his body.
Sherlock nods. “It’s the only scenario that fits all the data. Even if all the data doesn’t quite fit it yet.”
John has the wild urge to put his lips to the pavement and taste the blood, diluted with rainwater, to confirm that it truly belongs to Sherlock.
To his credit, Victor neither laughs at him or tries to dissuade him, although John can see he's less than convinced. "What can I do to help you? Aside from providing a plausible reason for you to be out of sight for a while."
There had been a string of anonymous men, tall, slender, handsome. John had hated all of them, hated himself, and none of them had made him feel like Sherlock, even for a second, even when John was very drunk, shutting his eyes in a dark alleyway, trying to hard to imagine he was in the arms of his partner instead of being fucked by a cold, uninterested stranger. “I wasn’t careful, and I haven’t been tested. I didn’t care.”
Sherlock’s eyes open and he looks surprised at the suggestion. “John, while this case is intriguing, I hardly think it merits my personal presence in such an early stage. Really, you ought to know this by now.”
Just then the knife slips in Sherlock’s hands, slicing a long, shallow cut from his index finger to his wrist.
“Oh, and what do you call what you did today? Going for a stroll? Anyway, I am here, in no need of saving whatsoever.”
He jumps when he feels a hand on the back of his neck, spins and blinks when he realizes it’s just Sherlock and he’s speaking to him.
are the right person?” Mr. Božić said, shrewdly. “Forgive me, but it seems there has been a lot of…turnover… lately. I would hate to make another mistake.”
He moves down Sherlock’s side, dragging his teeth from Sherlock’s ribcage to his waist, nipping a little at tender skin and watching it pucker into gooseflesh and then go smooth again. He makes to continue lower, then stops suddenly and raises himself up on elbows to look Sherlock in the face.
After a moment of consideration, the other man nods his tacit agreement. "Well, I don't know where you've been but those lightweights have been off the scene for months. Still, some of their old crew run in my circles and there's always use for a man good with his hands who can keep his mouth shut. Assuming that's you."
No other customers were inside, and it looked and smelled every inch the average Eastern European smoke shop, with countless brands of cigarettes, cigars, and pipe tobacco, as well as pipes, and some newspapers, crisps, candy, and other sundries. In short order an elderly man emerged from the back room, wiping his hands on a damp cloth. He was fairly tall, with a bristly silver mustache, and was dressed in a suit that must have been 30 years old but was well cared for.
“It was really very elegant. He set up a series of orders, meant to last well beyond his own death, ensuring that unless Sherlock Holmes confessed to fakery and died by his own hand, you would die instead. Well, not just you – your landlady and police friend too – but let’s be honest. Who else would have mattered enough?”
The only other time he’s nearly jarred out of his controlled and curated role in John’s life is the stag do. If you can call it a “do”, since it’s just the two of them. And John seems to want it that way, even though he’s got, at least by Sherlock’s low standards, loads of male friends.
Sherlock had had a plan to keep this from happening, had taken precautions, knowing that the rooms in his mind palace tended to get rather jumbled when he was too far under the influence and sometimes things escaped that oughtn’t. But it had gone off the rails somewhere, and it wasn’t long before he and John were pissed out of their gourds and piled together like two tired puppies on the stairs up to 221B.
“John Watson,” he says, swallowing hard and trying to put into his tone even a fraction of the intensity and ardour that should accompany such a declaration. “I love you. And I will continue to do so until the heat death of the universe.”
“I’m fine!” Sherlock says angrily, but John goes into the kitchen and flips on the light. He swears again at the damage from Sherlock’s earlier fit, but fills one of the remaining intact glasses from the tap and attempts to guide Sherlock into a chair.
John slams his mobile down on the table harder than is wise. “Okay,” he says, still breathing loudly through his nose in annoyance. “He’s doing it. It’ll be at be at Bart’s by the end of today. Do you think he bought my reasons?”
John gets out and is barely surprised when the car drives away and leaves him. It’s raining again, it’s been raining all summer. “Great. Now what?” he mutters to himself. Suddenly his mobile vibrates and he looks down. There is a text from a blocked number.
Sherlock puts his forehead to John’s. “You do realise that I’m still going to do experiments in the kitchen and leave body parts in the fridge and cultures laying about downstairs?”
John laughs and, in answer, rolls Sherlock over to face him and wraps his arms around his neck, kissing him deeply. “Yes. Very, very good.”
He rolls his eyes as if this is a minor detail, and begins pacing the sitting room manically as John settles himself. Sherlock begins firing rapidly in his clipped, precise way.
John thought. The man said no more and went limp. He wasn’t dead yet but John knew he couldn’t have much more than a few minutes. Now that the initial rush of rage and adrenaline was fading, he felt guilty about leaving him to die alone in a dirty alleyway, but knew it couldn’t be helped. Dying with him wouldn’t do anything for him. He listened for footsteps and heard nothing. Taking a deep breath, he darted out from behind the dumpster, vaulted over the fence and ran blindly, turning at random down unfamiliar streets. It would be harder to follow him if he didn’t have a destination in mind, and he had no idea where he was in any case.
John was sitting half-upright, leaning against the back of the hospital bed. His eyes were closed, but he opened them when he heard footsteps. He smiled with relief. “Sherlock!” he croaked, and cleared his throat. “Ahem. Sherlock. Sorry, bit dry in here. They said you were around here somewhere.”
“I’m not the one mixed up in anything. It’s better if you don’t know, believe me. I swear I will explain to you at some point, but for now the less I say the better. Now, can you print that whole file for me? I need to be going.”
Sherlock lifted his head and looked John directly in his eyes, stormy blue and hard like flint right now. “I thought of you everyday, John. I swear.”
"Of course not!" Sherlock snaps, feeling hurt and foolish in the way only Mycroft could provoke. "I just thought... I thought..."
John is no stranger to Sherlock’s philosophy on love, but this is a dagger in the chest, especially considering what he has just witnessed. “Don’t say that,” he says quietly.
They sleep together, when Sherlock does sleep, usually in John’s bed, despite Sherlock’s being both larger and nicer. For Sherlock’s part, this is because he finds being surrounded by John’s scent and the detritus of his life both reassuring and sexy. For John’s part, it is because he hopes the extra set of stairs will prevent their long-suffering landlady from being woken by their exertions at all hours of the night, even if there is no hope of her breakfast not being interrupted by the morning shag in the shower.
John tears himself away and for a moment Sherlock thinks he’s letting him up, but instead he flips Sherlock over, roughly, keeping a hand on his neck like he would a dog and holding his wrists with the other. Before Sherlock’s quite registered what is happening, something is tightening around his wrists, binding them tightly behind his back. John’s belt.
Sherlock’s nod is deferential, and he gives John a faint smile that doesn’t touch his eyes but that he must at least be given credit for on the basis of his recognition that John may wish some reassurance at this time.
He hears Sherlock, without having to ask where, reach into his bedside table. Sherlock runs his hands lightly over John’s shoulders, his back, his waist, his hips, tracing the curves of his body with long, nimble fingers, almost prayerfully. He starts kissing at the nape of John’s neck and works his way down his back, following the line of John's spine to where it meets the top of his buttocks. John feels himself being spread apart and forces himself not to tense as Sherlock slips a finger inside of him, gripping John’s shoulder with his other hand, keeping him still.
After what feels like ages of kissing and caressing and taking each other in again, John climbs atop Sherlock, barely having time to ready himself much less scramble for one of the discarded condoms, before Sherlock is wrapping long legs around him, trying to draw John into himself, desperate to feel him inside.
John looks at her as if she has just turned into a viper. “Molly, tell me you’re not saying you believe he was a fraud? That he actually just committed suicide. You know him, Molly! You’ve seen him work! How can you even think…?”
John snorts. “All right, yes. But at the risk of fatally inflating your ego further, there’s not a woman out there that has a chance either. So take it down a notch.”
“You think you care about me, but you just care about what I do for you. And one day you’ll find something better to do and that will be the end of it. You’ll go just like everyone else.”
“Wounded and unconscious, few hundred metres that way. He’ll live. I propped him against a tree so he wouldn’t drown.”
He manages to successfully block out the noise of the spinning magnet, the emptiness of the room, and finds himself startled when a cool hand touches him on the arm.
“Mycroft isn’t the first Holmes to control the dealings of several major world governments. Money and land tend to be a side effect of such things. Please, John, I would really prefer not to discuss it.”
John slows. "...interference or obstruction of the the myelin sheathing on the primary temporal lobe neurons and adjacent..."
“You’re all that’s left of him,” Victor goes on with an incredibly sad smile. “At least for me you are. But I fear neither of us would find what we seek that way.” He brings John’s hands to his lips swiftly and then releases him and looks away.
John feels sick and advances on his friend. “Why?” He’s seen this side of Sherlock before, but it’s never gone this far.
“I’m terribly sorry about that,” he tells John. “Er, all of it.  The last thing you need is another burden. I told myself I wouldn’t get emotional, but once I saw you alone, here…”
Since that first time, John has let Sherlock come to him. Not every night, but more nights than not he ends up in John’s bed, taking pleasure, taking comfort as he can. John isn’t sure if Sherlock has actually abandoned his internal struggle against the desires of the flesh or if he’s just losing it regularly. John is afraid to push him, sensing the conflict still in him on some level, afraid that if he attempts to initiate when Sherlock is not in the right mental place for it he will spook him, drive him off.
He couldn’t go in there without at least an idea, something to try. And it was unlikely that he would get a second chance if he got it wrong – people who had safety deposit boxes in expensive banks typically kept rather close track of them, he imagined. What date would be significant to them both? They had been together nearly every day since the day they met, and quite a few memorable things had happened since th— Oh, of course. The date they met. That was easily the most significant date they shared, assuming he was following Sherlock’s logic correctly. Well, it could also be the date of Sherlock’s “death”, but John hoped he hadn’t been that morbid.
Sherlock gives him the look that says “obvious” without having to risk saying it. “Because this is what I’m doing now. Not working when I should be working is unacceptable. My brain needs distraction, simulation, and to have that denied is painful. But right now both my brain and my body require rest and endorphins and sustenance before they can work at peak efficiency again, so I am doing exactly what I should be doing: thus the lack of insanity. Unless my current impulse to have my fingers inside of you while sucking you off as slowly as I can manage is a sign of mental instability…”
He isn’t ashamed of anything, far from it – he’s incredibly proud to be with  Sherlock. But it’s sort of nice having it to himself, not having to answer questions. Obviously people were going to figure it out sooner or later and, in addition to Greg, more than a few already had by the looks they’d gotten at the crime scene. He doesn’t mind, but he’s happy to keep it out of conversation as long as possible, which works so long he pretends he doesn’t know that they know.
“Right. Yeah, of course. Sorry.” John feels a little guilty for shutting Victor out, but Victor’s got no experience with this sort of thing and would only be a liability.
John hesitantly returns the embrace, still not crying, but letting himself bury his face in the crook of Victor’s neck and relax just the tiniest bit.
John holds him tighter. “I was just so afraid of losing you. I went a bit barmy. What can I do to make it up to you?”
Sherlock’s voice is plaintive in a way John rarely hears and, not without trepidation, John melts. He nods and he can feel the relief pouring off Sherlock as he gathers John in his arms, nuzzling his face into John’s hair. “Mine,” Sherlock whispers almost uncertainly.
“There’s nothing to be embarrassed about,” John assures him. “Whatever you feel, you feel, I just want to know. Isn’t that what this is all about? Knowing each other?”
He finds himself gripping Victor more tightly, desperately and Victor responding in kind. Before he quite knows what is happening, his lips are on Victor’s graceful, almost-but-not-quite-familiar, white throat and Victor is nuzzling into John’s hair just above his ear.  John's hands are at Victor's trim waist, pulling him closer, feeling his warmth and his rising heartbeat and the raw need coming off him that matches John's own.
“I have noticed,” he says in a neutral tone, “that when individuals react negatively to an unexpected change in a person, it is more often due to the cognitive dissonance caused by the conflict between the new behaviour and the perceived character or identity of a person they believe to know very well, rather than any intrinsic disapproval or abhorrence for the nature of the change.”
“Good! Now add ten millilitres of potassium chloride to the solution.” Sherlock hears drops go into the beaker. “Well? It should be blue. Is it blue?”
Their impromptu concert is interrupted too soon by the ring of Sherlock’s phone. He growls in annoyance but puts down the violin to answer it.
He thought desperately for several more minutes. He couldn’t think of anything they shared that fit the number of letters. Maybe it was something about him, a description? Army Doctor? That was ten letters. He didn’t feel totally confident about it, but he couldn’t think of anything else that fit. He would have to give it a shot.
“Then no.” John kisses him on the shoulder, and runs a hand lightly over his body, fondling his hipbone and coming to rest there. “What
It's unfamiliar, verbalising like this, but Sherlock does his best. "You're spreading coconut oil over my upper back and shoulders with your hands. Now you're rubbing my neck, working your fingers up into my hair and running them down into my shoulders, pressing into the muscle as you go."
John’s heart was in his throat. He forced himself to calm. He might not want to hear it, but there was clearly something Sherlock needed to get out. “Take it easy. Whatever it is, it’s…fine, okay?”
Of course Sherlock had told her Mycroft would pay her. John sighed, and slipped her the equivalent of fifty quid. She appeared mollified, though not thrilled. He pocketed the gloves, phrasebook, and letter, and asked her to toss the rest, and headed back for his lodgings.
They shook hands briskly and John left, hailing a taxi to the train station. It would attract less attention than flying, and besides, he wasn’t sure exactly where to start, anyway. Croatia was probably his best bet, since Sherlock had definitely been there, but there didn’t seem to be a connection with Moran. Was it a wild goose chase that had let him there, or was there something John was missing in the files?
“It’s fine. I hear you. You’ve made it very clear. Love is chief among the evils of mankind. I got it.”
IT'S NOT FINE, John retorts and if Sherlock could hear him he knows it would be a snap. AND IT'S CERTAINLY NOT GOOD. NOT SAYING NO ISN'T THE SAME AS SAYING YES. WHEN THINGS ARE GOOD, WHEN WE'RE BOTH INTO IT, WHEN WE BOTH KNOW WE'RE PLAYING, THAT'S ONE THING. THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS WAS. I WAS SO SO ANGRY WITH YOU. I WAS FURIOUS. WHAT YOU WANTED DIDN'T MATTER TO ME. AND YOU WERE INJURED, SUICIDALLY DEPRESSED, AND DISABLED, IN NO SHAPE TO DEFEND YOURSELF AND NOT THINKING CLEARLY. I VIOLATED–
"Why? Shouldn't you consider me a rival? Yet you've encouraged my friendship with John, even for us to spend time alone together. It doesn't make sense."
All at once the full realization of where he was caught up to John.  “You’re alive,” he breathed. “You are really alive. All that time I thought…” He choked back the emotion that was building inside of him. “I thought I’d lost you forever. And even after I found out, I didn’t really believe…I couldn’t…I didn’t dare to hope…” He stopped, unable to go on.
He glances up at John and the doctor’s eyes are closed, lips parted, in complete surrender to Sherlock but not passive, still moving into him, hips undulating and stomach tightened. Sherlock licks around his root, applying firm but gentle pressure with his lips and feels John begin to pulse beneath him, stiffening even more, his breathing jagged and fast now. Sherlock takes more of John in, wanting to consume him, ready to feel John come inside of him, to taste his release and feel it roll down his throat, but suddenly John stops, pulls himself back from the very edge and slips out of him, pulling Sherlock back up to his face.
Fear crossed the man’s face, and he opened his mouth as if he was about to offer information. Before he could speak, John heard a soft sound and two darts zipped past him, one embedding itself in the wall inches from his head, and the other finding his opponents throat.
Sherlock can sense John's disappointment when he has to clarify that his sight hasn't been fully restored, just that he can see John again, or at least a projection of John from his own mind. Still, it's a vast improvement.
It starts with a dance. It ends with blood. There is not so much distance between the two as one might think. Most things worth doing ultimately require either blood or tears and this one will extract both. But that is not for a long time yet.  This is just the beginning, and right now there is only dancing.
“It’s not all me, you know,” Sherlock says, settling against John gingerly. “The light. It’s you on your own, too, and me and you together. It’s not just a reflection; wouldn’t exist without you.”
about, no – don’t be ridiculous. It’s about life…and death… it’s about the Final Problem. You of all people should know that!” Moriarty was shouting now. “But, yes I am disappointed in you, Sherlock Holmes. It
Sherlock is tired enough to let John take control without complaint, and John takes his time, hoping to restore a little sanity to him with his body. John is good with his hands and knows it.
It’s nearly three a.m. when John hears Sherlock’s mobile ring through the wall of his bedroom. John can’t hear the conversation, but doesn’t need to. He can guess. Sherlock emerges moments later and sweeps past John in the hall as he grabs his coat and heads for the door.
John can see that Sherlock is shaking ever so slightly. He doesn't know what makes him reach out and put his hand on Sherlock’s arm. They stand like that as the seconds tick by, something strange passing between them.
John doesn’t respond. He’s not in the mood to shout a conversation between floors, and is certainly not going to run downstairs to find out whatever ridiculous thing Sherlock wants. He gives it 45 seconds. At 46 seconds he hears footsteps pounding up the stairs.
Sherlock furrows his brow for moment and then brightens, grabbing John’s hand and half dragging him downstairs.
John takes Sherlock’s scarred and bony hands and puts them to his lips, knowing instantly where the other man has gone, remembering those painful years when they had hurt each other so deeply in turn. “So was mine.”
“That was the wrong code,” the woman said unnecessarily, arching a perfectly sculpted eyebrow at him. “Is there a problem?”
Sherlock gives a private little smile, pulls John tighter to his side, and closes his eyes, home at last.
It's infuriating that something so simple has become such a massive problem for him. Just when he was starting to feel like he had some control, John steps away and he's instantly helpless again. He could use the voice command on his phone to call Gordon or Mrs. Hudson and shout into it for help hoping it had connected and they can figure out where he is, but it wouldn't be exactly be inconspicuous and would definitely be utterly humiliating if not downright dangerous to expose himself that way.
“Actually, it might be better if you sent him away for a bit,” Sherlock tells Lestrade. “If the killer realises he’s failed in his set up, he might try and finish him off. Best if it seems like it worked.
Sherlock turned away from the theatre and was surprised to see John running towards him, not 50 metres away. He shocked his friend by pulling him into a spinning bear hug, whooping with his victory and relief, however short-lived it might turn out to be.
After the ceremony, the pictures, the luncheon, Sherlock’s nearly disastrous but highly entertaining speech, and the conclusion of the Mayfly Man mystery, John accosts him in the hall. Major Sholto’s care has just been taken over by the paramedics and Mary is trying to soothe the guests, since Sherlock was rubbish at it.
did! Christ, you're so bloody arrogant, you think things will be exactly how you want just because you're a genius, and you've figured it all out. You decided for both of us, you didn’t give me a choice. That’s not how you act when you care about someone, you don’t just decide the entire course of their life based on what you want! I would have been
They ducked behind a dumpster as he fired another round of shots at them. They were both breathing heavily.
“I don’t really care what you need right now, Sherlock! Let’s talk about what I need. You remember that? Making me promise to tell you what I needed? Because you were
Sherlock nods curtly. "Obviously the buried memories were not deleted and continued to influence me without my knowing. Perhaps that's why I was drawn to you upon our meeting."
The man in charge is unimpressed. He grabs a chair and sets it a few feet in front of Sherlock, sitting leisurely.  “Tourists don’t just stumble in here,” he says in decent, if plodding, French, having assumed Sherlock’s nationality from the carefully curated contents of his pockets. “And when they do they aren’t carrying this.”
Despite the deprivations, when Sherlock wakes the next morning to a knock on his room door, he does feel significantly improved.
"You could only hope to activate what was left in my system through the adjuvant," Sherlock mutters, half to himself.
After another long stretch Sherlock says, “I was weak. And I am…ashamed of my weakness. But I don’t regret it. I… I don’t want you to think that I do. There’s no one else that I…no one I’ve ever been able to trust enough. No one I wanted enough to give in for.”
“So what do I do?” Bryant asks, recalling both their attentions suddenly. “Can I go to the police now? Or maybe my bosses?”
“She did it because she was jealous of you, of your attention, it sounds like. But that doesn’t make it your fault. You couldn’t have stopped her. You were a child and she was… obviously very ill. You couldn’t have known, about that or about what she would do later.”
“I know it’s a long shot, but you’re all I’ve got. I want to find out what happened as—” He stops short and John can see he had been about to say that he wanted to find out as much as John did but had thought better of it.
Sherlock made it there with only moments to spare, and did not seem to have been followed. Molly appeared shortly, looking nervous.
“I’m not observing, I’m looking,” John replies, slowly moving his hands across the impossibly slender chest, the narrow waist, the surprisingly strong shoulders. “And what I see is… dark curly hair that I want my hands to get lost in. Clear grey eyes that see into everything. Lips with a curve meant for kissing. Perfection.”
made about my feelings for a woman you mistakenly thought I was infatuated with are on the same level as you snogging a suspect in front of me?"
John continues, careful but resolute. "I've built a new life, Sherlock. It took a long time and it's not what I hoped for once. It came from the worst pain I've ever known. But it is a life. I have a home of my own now, and a practice. And Mary. I need to keep those things.
A few moments later John is being manhandled out of Lestrade’s office, putting up a show of struggle.
“And if someone had killed me. Would you have left them alive?” They are close now, so close John can feel Sherlock’s breath on his forehead.
John went upstairs. “Well, you could have handled that better,” he told himself as he changed. But at least he seemed to have averted the worst of the damage. He always forgot how sensitive Sherlock could be. He was so arrogant so much of the time, when you hit a nerve it was unexpected and shocking how easy he was to hurt. And when he was hurt, he could give it right back tenfold.
Sherlock inclines his head and cocks an eyebrow. "We should get back before they think we've been eaten by giant tube rats. Not that that wouldn't be entertaining, but I supposed we have put the police through their paces enough for one day." He turns and starts walking back to the track.
Lestrade looks doubtful and Anderson outright scornful. John wants to punch his little ratty face, but restrains himself.
a compliment by the way. So why don’t we stop this? You’re beaten, but you played a good game – I’d really like to meet you in person before you’re arrested.”
“It’s okay,” he whispers. “It’s okay. You’ll get him and everything will be fine. We won’t let him take this away from us. Not for good.”
“Yeah, I don’t think it would really work very well applied on a broad scale,” John deadpans and they both chuckle, more in relief than anything else.
“I want to find out what happened,” he repeats. “But my hands are tied. You’re the only who is free to act and who still… believes.”
“You don’t even know, do you? Oh, that’s precious. You wanted me to magically use my attraction and skill with women without actually flirting, touching, or doing anything that might make you jealous. Well, you can’t have it both ways. If you’re not going to bother to share any information about a case with me, then I’m going to use my best judgement as how to proceed. And you’re either going to have to live with it, or start letting me in on your little plots before I violate some rule I didn’t even know was there!”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I saw you. You think I don’t know when you’re aroused? I could smell it on you.”
"Until you begged for mercy. Twice," she tells him, and the stare between the two of them is so intense as far as John's concerned they might as well already be having sex in front of him. He is finding himself so furious at Sherlock, at her, that he almost can't breathe. Like he's watching his whole relationship vaporise in front of him.
He closed his eyes and visualised the numbers floating in front of him. Was it a code or a password? No. It would be words, a clue. But what was the cypher? He tried various common encryption algorithms. Gibberish. Suddenly he smiled. It was simple, like the phone number. Moriarty
John feels the last remnants of doubt leave him, replaced by a physical hunger, a need to feel his friend both inside and out that is so deep it is almost frightening, as if he will actually die without it.
“Hey!” John yells. “You didn’t tell me anything about tonight other than that I was to ‘distract’ her while you did God only knows what. I did that. Yes, it got a little physical, but from what I can tell that was your fucking idea in the first place! It didn’t mean anything.”
John gasped for air. “Not now. Not like this.” It took everything he had in him to say it, to stop, and he knew if he didn’t right then he’d never be able to. He’d wanted Sherlock from the day they met, and it had taken him almost two years to fully come to terms with it. He’d never been attracted to another man in his life, not even vaguely, but Sherlock wasn’t any other man.
He had been washed and shaved, and was wearing a pair of trousers and a shirt which appeared to be his own, possibly salvaged from his luggage. He refused to dwell on who had done the washing and the dressing and concentrated on absorbing as much detailed about his surroundings as possible. The owner of the house was certainly not interested in restraint – he was clearly vested in shoving a message of dominance down his guests’ throats. That squared with Sherlock’s profile of Moran.
The phone was empty except for his own mobile number in the contacts. There were signs of a number of deleted outgoing text messages, probably automated and triggered by certain activities, but no way to quickly retrieve them. And there was one incoming text message, sent less than an hour ago. Two lines of text from a blocked number. The first read “
,” he shakes the papers in Sherlocks direction, “is just paperwork? Are you really so--” He bites his tongue with a sound of angry frustration and Sherlock can see him working to control himself.
She seemed to notice his ambivalence and cleared off quickly, though not in a huff, kissing him on the cheek and promising to text him when she knew what time she’d be in. “I’ll pick us up a Chinese on the way back,” she said, really meaning,
“Not quite.” Moran stood and stalked the room lazily. “I’m going to add another player into the mix. Take a page out of Jim’s book, since that was so very effective last time. You see, very shortly, perhaps already, my people will have their hands on one Dr. John Watson, and they have orders to bring him straight here, to me. To us. Won’t you be happy to be reunited with your…friend?”
“You fucking arsehole,” John muttered when he finished the letter. He knew Sherlock thought he was being kind to him, but it was still infuriating. And Molly knew he was alive? Of course she did – can’t fake a proper death without help from someone in the morgue. And she wouldn’t tell John if Sherlock asked her not to; she loved Sherlock, not John.
“Croatia? No…no, doesn’t look like it. John, you have to tell me what this is about. This man is very dangerous – look at all the people associated with him who have disappeared, only to turn up dead thousands of miles away. Wherever he is now, he still has powerful friends – perhaps more powerful than ever.”
entailed. Sex, heterosexual or otherwise? A girlfriend, a wife, children? He had dreamed of all that once, but he didn’t know any longer. Mostly he just felt content with what they had – companionship, work, support. Sure, Sherlock was maddening most of the time, and with the rare exception of when John had been injured, never did chores or shopping, or any of the other things one might expect from a flatmate or friend. He constantly went through John’s things, woke him in the middle of the night, and dragged him into dangerous situations. He was always in motion, quixotic, reactive, difficult, and brilliant. And John loved it.
bored. All of these don’t seem to affect his level of desire, but there is universe of variation in what he wants and how, and John quickly learns to decipher it.
John realises Sherlock cannot possibly articulate what he's asking for, and moves closer to him, putting his arms loosely around Sherlock's slender waist as he does when he knows Sherlock is unsure.
When they arrive home, John collapses on the couch. “So. While we’re on to big life changes and both sober, shall we talk about the other thing now?”
Carefully, he went through the timeline again. He stopped on his first unwitting meeting with Moriarty, in the lab at the hospital. He cursed himself. He had been so
Sherlock can feel the stubble growing in on his cheeks. It's like microscopic spiders crawling over his face. He shaves twice a day just to avoid the sensation, unless he's out on a case or undercover. Such activities make him forget about physical unpleasantnesses like facial hair, body odours, dirt, grime, and rough clothing against the skin, at least until they are over and his attention is no longer taken up entirely with the work.
John vaults after Sherlock, heart in his throat, carefully avoiding the other weakened steps. He pulls pieces of wood and plaster off the unmoving form, trying to get the dust out of his eyes and mouth, panicking despite all his training. If Sherlock’s head had connected with the marble… He lets out a long breath of relief when he sees that Sherlock is not dead, just momentarily stunned.
Sherlock shrugs sullenly and slides himself down the opposite wall to the floor, mirroring John’s position but with his feet halfway up the wall next to John. They sit silently for a moment. He’d been so fired up to have it out in a dramatic fashion, but he hadn’t expected the sight of John looking so worn and a little sad. The desire for an argument curdles into its own kind of exhaustion.
“I loved him.” The words are a strangled, choking cry, not much louder than a whisper. Words he’s never said out loud to anyone, words he tried not even to think for fear they might slip out by accident. “Oh, God, Molly, I loved him.”
He scrolled through his mental list of area codes. No country code, so must be inside the U.K. The area code indicated a large city, but it didn’t match any he had on file. Of course, creating a working phone number that matched no known location would be child’s play for Moriarty. But why bother, why not just take a random number? It must be a message.
“I couldn’t think. I had to think, I had to remember. There’s got to be an answer. I’ve got to find him.”
Sherlock follows John's up the otherwise dark stairway to the lab. He hasn't tried to see anything else again, and for now the wattage John is putting out is enough. John retrieves the drug from the freezer and sets it on the lab bench along with the reports from the hospital and the fake perfume vial.
She bridles at being told what to do but keeps silent. He leads them down several hallways, having no idea what he's doing, until he sees a sign with an arrow marked "Conservatory". Perfect. When they get there it's marked closed, which is even better. No sooner than they are through the doors into the humid, hot air than she wrenches her arm away and turns on him.
“And you? You could live like this? If you couldn’t work, if you had nothing else, only me, but none of the elements of the life we’ve made together, just endless dependence and idleness, that would be enough for you, if you were with me?”
He couldn’t do that at a hostel, too exposed. He tucked the ledger book into his bag and headed for an inn, a popular tourist one mentioned in all the guides, quaint and catering to British guests. There wasn’t much strange about a London man stocking up on local cigarettes while on holiday, and no one gave him a second glance as he checked in under the name of a dead man from his old platoon.
It’s completely nerve-wracking, and does not play to his strengths. He much prefers the rush of an outright firefight than skulking through a maze of things trying impale, hang, or decapitate him. His only consolation is that Sherlock seems to avoided nearly all of them entirely.
