, man?” Jimmy added with a smirk and a laugh.
“So, so worth it, love.”  John gave him a kiss and then buried his face in the long, pale neck he so loved to touch.
The matching set he chose were pale gold tungsten bands--he’d done his research; tungsten was supposedly quite durable, which goodness knows they would need.  It looked the same as the gold ones, anyhow, to him.  He would just propose with the wedding ring, and then Sherlock could either wait until the wedding to wear it or start wearing it now and then just take it off for the ceremony; it didn’t matter to John either way.
“I’ve got to learn to keep my mouth shut.” John grimaced, but his eyes were quirking with amusement.
“Could have been an Oliver Cromwell, for all I care.  But I would have looked at it admiringly if I could have escaped being drooled at!”
“Yes, that one.  If Sherlock asks if you remember seeing him in the restaurant on Friday night, say you saw this one.”
“Oh!” Violet perked back up and gave the photo another loving look. “Greg is a Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard.  He’s got the highest solve rate of all the detectives; if you watch the news you’ve probably seen him on TV before when they have press conferences. Sherlock, our younger son, often works with him on major cases.”
John rolled his eyes.
“I have no idea what he was talking about or who was there; surely, if he was in danger, he wouldn’t have hung up, but it was all so strange!”
Violet smiled her acknowledgment of the complement.  “Here are our boys…” she gazed at the photo lovingly a moment before turning to hold it where Charles and Laurina could see.  The photo was one of her favorites that she’d ever taken.  When she’d asked the boys for a photo, Mycroft looked sceptical and Sherlock had started edging away.  But Greg had thrown his arms around the shoulders of both Holmes brothers and pulled them in, and as John had been attached to Sherlock by the hand at the moment, he was pulled into the frame as well.  .
“Violet! The Fitzgeralds don’t deserve that!”
Well, I’m summarizing, of course.  He just made
“Nah…fucking a bloke hasn’t granted me any fashion super powers.  Not for lack of trying on his part; he’s always trying to sneak new jumpers into the wardrobe, and the ones he deems most objectionable somehow “accidentally” have acid spilt on them.
want to know who sticks what where.”
You know how he is! :)  Received 18:40
John had debated for some time about whether to involve the annoying junkie who considered himself the next great deducer, but who else could you pay to spend their Friday night setting up a fake crime scene, stick around to guard it, and clean it up again after?  Besides, Wiggins had taken it as a personal challenge to see if he could set up a scene well enough to trick the great Sherlock Holmes, so he’d do a thorough job of it.
“I...it’s just an idea, right now, I don’t know if...when…”
pictured yourself with a wife, so it might
“All right, all right, I’ve already told you every other embarrassing detail of my life.  So, we were undercover at the Royal Opera, getting close to this posh old lady, the type who’s always clutching at pearls over every imagined slight, because it turns out she’s pretty adept at clutching at pearls--and diamonds--and not just figuratively, and runs a stolen jewelry fencing operation with her two sons.  They’d bitten off more than they could chew when they swiped something from the Brazilian ambassador, who was threatening to make an international incident out of it.  Well, I told you Sherlock’s the one with fashion sense.  He was wearing a new suit, and well, I don’t know or care who designed it or what it cost, but damn.  His arse in those trousers...sorry, sorry,” he gave a cheeky grin and was met with eye rolls and fake gagging.  “Well, after we got the evidence and handed her over, and then chased one of her sons all over the opera house, we were both high on adrenaline and laughing our arses off.”
Yes, Molly?  Sent 12:03
that?”  Something green and slimy had been tracked all over the pavement.  Sherlock bent to sniff.
“Well, we just raised two of them, but yes, “a handful” is one way to put it.  The other two are our sons-in-law.”
“Aha!” Sherlock popped up, holding the remote control.
You know that the other person has promised to stay
“That’s very sweet.”  Laurina seemed to think some reply was necessary at this juncture.  “More parsnips?”
Lestrade and John clinked their pints.  Owen rolled his eyes, and Carl looked at them rather proudly.
“What do you mean, what ASBOs?  The ones from when Sherlock and I got a bit..um..carried away outside the Royal Opera House…”
wait to hear how you proposed! Received 12:32
“John, scandalizing the elderly is the
He wasn’t embarrassed to have Sherlock; no, he had never been happier and Sherlock was the best thing that could have happened to him.  He would keep his head held high and wouldn’t hide it from anyone.  He had nothing to fear from them (and if they didn’t like it, well, this was the first time seeing many of them in years; it would be no hardship if they weren’t part of his life in the future).
?  Special, yes.  But not just a fancy dinner out, with a ring presented over dessert--although Angelo would probably provide free champagne if they did it there, and that had always been rather “their” place…
“That is the accepted social custom, dear.”
tedious...Laurina was always a good sort, although rather dull.”
“That sucks.  I’ll drink in sympathy for that!”  Owen had been divorced for two years himself.
that he had a boyfriend. (Boyfriend...boyfriend.  Still made him giggle a bit when he thought about it.  But partner led to awkward conversation about business partner vs. romantic partner, lover made him sound like a lecherous old man or an overwrought poet, and significant other really just seemed like dodging the question and then having to explain anyhow when she pronouns started to be used, so what else would he call him?).
“Not quite..um..family friendly.”  John coughed.  “Might scandalize the elderly out there.”
Sherlock had been quiet throughout the conversation, but John noticed that his hand had stopped moving.
Beside her, Siger beamed with pride at his son-in-law.  He loved his sons-in-law, not least because they were...normal.  Well, maybe normal was the wrong word, but at least they could carry on an intelligent conversation about the state of the drain pipes or the price of petrol, items that neither of his sons had ever deigned to even notice, much less converse upon.
someone, but…”
hear anything else.  And thanks.
From:
Mrs. Hudson laughed good-naturedly as John quickly added a scoop of detergent without meeting her eyes.
“No, just the two boys.”
“Oh, yes.  Yes, of course.”
want to marry him just to make sure he knows.Sent 12:28
“Ready, love?” Siger squeezed her hand.
One night, a couple of weekends ago, John had taken a break from fake-crime-planning to meet up with Mike Stamford for a pint and had found himself telling Mike about his difficulties.  Of course, Mike was thrilled to hear that his flatmate-matching skills had proven right; perhaps he should take up a second career as Cupid?
“Well, I…”
“I’m not too boring for you?”  John had recovered from his shock enough to quirk his mouth into a half smile.
eyeballs wasn’t bad enough?  What, are you
a genius, and she could read between the lines of the stories her sons told and knew she was getting the sanitized version.  Both her sons were in positions in which someone might try to get to them through their family.  Better to take precautions, she supposed.
With the optimism of youth, the boys on John’s rugby team in Uni assumed they would always stay close: mates meeting at a pub to relive glory days of tackling and scoring and winning and mud, at least a few times a year.  But life is never so simple, and as the teammates went on to medical school, internships, law school, the army, office cubicles, construction sites, board meetings, marriages, divorces, children’s piano recitals...somehow those reunions never happened.  Occasionally two or three might find themselves in the same city for long enough to grab a pint, but gradually most realised they no longer even had a current phone number to contact most of the others, and that the years of camaraderie on the field were becoming more and more distant memories.
was the one with the broken arm and concussion; I was just bruised.  Do you really think I’d put Sherlock in danger by not admitting I was at less than full capacity if I wasn’t?
“Oh, um, sorry about that.  So, what about Arsenal last week?”
Sherlock managed to look as dashing as always in his tailored trousers and crisp button-up, despite his lightly sweating face and bare feet (and somehow his perfectly shaped bare feet only added to his elegance, damn him).  That is until he stuck his left index finger into his mouth and started hopping in dizzy circles on one foot.
He’d been scrubbing his hands (again) after that fiasco, daydreaming about his leftover Indian food in the fridge (disgusting rash or no; not much could take away his appetite anymore), when he heard the screaming.
“Coffee, Molly?”
“Still in the refrigerator…but, the refrigerator was not operational for roughly eighteen hours and forty-two minutes.”
“Oh yeah, um, my partner’s a detective, and we usually work with New Scotland Yard or take private cases, but occasionally we’ll do something for his brother, who pretty much
“...but...does this shirt and this jacket match? I mean, my wife says they’re two different colours of green, but I think…”  Marc couldn’t even finish the sentence as he was laughing at all their faces.  Tony nearly fell off his chair again, and after the laughter had almost died down from Marc’s fashion question, Rajesh started them off again by acting like he was going to tie Tony to the chair with his jacket sleeves.
John grabbed her arm. “Just...
“Not saying that it isn’t work, or always perfect, but we work well as a team, and I’d say we’re in a pretty solid place.”
the fact--and I know you only did it so you can smirk at him and threaten to bring it up in front of your mum on the next holiday--but you were conveniently unreachable that night, considering we were there undercover on
“I don’t remember any of this...what happened?”
“Fuck off, Mycroft.”
The talk turned to football while he was gone, but as soon as he’d settled back in with his new pint, Owen turned it back to the subject of divorce.
“Didn’t Teddy say that Rob said ‘I left it at the restaurant’?  You don’t suppose…” he trailed off.
“Nooo...but, of course, I was in the back checking on Gianluca several times...my nephew, he tries hard, but I have to watch or he’ll put too much rum in the tiramisu, and not enough basil on the gnocchi...I had hoped he would have The Gift, but I fear…”
old.”
“I don’t know why I let her get to me,” Lestrade continued. “It’s been three and a half years since the divorce was final.  Why should I care what she thinks?”
John just hummed in agreement.  Always best to see where Mycroft was going before committing to anything.
After an afternoon of Mrs Hudson taking them around to talk to all of her acquaintances who’d been approached by the scammer, John had decided it would be a very long time before a biscuit sounded appetizing again.  All the ladies had insisted on serving tea along with “biscuits for the boys” as if Sherlock and John were enterprising twelve-year-olds.  In every case, John had eaten the two on his plate and then ended up sneaking one of Sherlock’s as well since the detective only nibbled on one and he didn’t want the grandmotherly ladies to take offence.
And then there was Sherlock.
“Lovely night, innit?”  A lady sitting in one of the seats designated for the elderly or disabled, who looked to be in her sixties and was wearing an eye-watering coat of orange and purple paisley, caught his eye and smiled up at him.
“No, he’s fine.  Well, as fine as he can be; I did find the tongues, but you know I’m used to that.”
John was trying to remember all the questions he had yet to answer when Paul stepped in. “Oi!  Let the man breathe!  But yeah, man, I mean, what?  Sounds like you’ve done something more interesting than coach youth football. Start at the beginning, and catch us up, yeah?”
“They
The rest of the evening passed quickly as the pints (a few too many) flowed and they caught up on everyone else’s jobs and kids and marriages and current favourite rugby players. They left with promises to keep in touch more often (unlikely) and to never drink quite so much again (also unlikely).
“M’here…” John placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock gave him an odd little smile that John wasn’t sure he’d ever seen before.  “Go on, then.”
“I tried calling him back several times during the night, and I even woke up his sister at four in the morning to see if she’d heard from him.  Early this morning, I went out there to the college and tried to retrace his steps.  I found the alley; it was crazy.  There was food everywhere, and it looked like there’d been a fight.  I called the police, and a couple of officers stopped by, but they said that since there wasn’t any blood they couldn’t see any evidence of violence, and since he’s an adult…told me to let them know if he didn’t turn up after twenty-four hours…”
“John.”  Sherlock gave that arrogant toss of his head; how dare his deduction be questioned.
“Here, let me.”  Owen gathered the empties and stood to make another trip to the bar. “Anybody else need another?”
John, being both early to arrive and, between Afghanistan and years of criminals, preferring to have his back to the wall, was crammed into the middle of the booth. The waitress had barely set down the first pint for Tony, the last to arrive (and wasn’t that typical?  He’d once been shocked, two months into the semester, to find that his psychology professor still called roll at the beginning of class--he’d never in all that time shown up early enough to hear it.), when John’s phone rang.
“John.”  Sherlock stopped just at the edge of John’s personal space.
But now...he’d done his homework, and put in the order last week.
Sherlock whirled to face John, staring intently into his face.
“Just spit it out, Sherlock,” John sighed.
*****
“Well, don’t go sticking your nose in it.  What if it’d been something poisonous?”
“And that
John kissed up the curve of his jaw until he could whisper in his ear.  “Come on, love, let’s get you out of this ridiculous outfit.”
gave her.  Of course it was, I was just a constable then.  She was happy enough with it at the time.”
“Our older son...the one on the left, there...that’s Mycroft.  He works in the government. From what he tells us, it seems to be mostly diplomacy and negotiations, strategizing, meetings with politicians… A lot of what he does is classified, so he doesn’t discuss the details much.  He insists he has only a minor position, but I think that’s just because he doesn’t like to be in the spotlight.  He’s always been the running-the-show-from-behind-the-scenes type,” Violet explained.  Laurina had gone on and on about her Emily’s teaching awards, so she felt fully justified in indulging herself in the type of motherly bragging she so rarely got the chance to do.
“Ah, um, yes.”  John scrambled to pull out his wallet and pay the cabbie while Sherlock unlocked the door.  By the time he’d finished and reached the door, Sherlock was already upstairs.
“If you’re thinking of apple, you should try the Chivers Delight variety.  I saw it recommended in
tedious.”
“Ah.”
“Oi, I saw her first!  I call dibs!”
“John?” Sherlock smirked from his place at the window with his violin and watched his boyfriend sputter and wipe his face with the sleeve of his jumper. “Swallowing is more effective when the tea goes down your esophagus, not up into your nose.”
Received 12:17
“Yes...it was all rather horrible.  We didn’t know ahead of time; Sherlock had been so busy in the months before that we’d hardly seen him, and I suppose he hadn’t wanted to upset us with everything going on with that awful man threatening them...so it was a shock when Mycroft arrived suddenly the evening it happened.  Our phones had been out of service all afternoon--looking back, I realize Mikey had probably arranged that so no one would call us before he could get here to tell us himself.”  Violet paused as she remembered it all.
“Perfect.  And after we leave, Tommy’s going to take our order over to Baker Street?”
Anyway, he came back about an hour later and gave
Jimmy grinned.  “Oh, god, you’re going to turn up at Christmas dinner, aren’t you. Fine, fine, here, write it down quick before this cabbie kicks me out.”
“Last time I had to shoot someone in front of witnesses, Greg didn’t speak to me for a month!”
“Yes, of course I liked his new tux…”
He said he’d never thought about it, but probably
She crossed her arms and looked at him seriously for a moment.
“Yeah...well.  Damn, the mental bastard.. I’ve got to tell you.  So first, after medical school, he...”
He could have taken a different path.
“Then what,
“You...you are?”
) on the supplies in the supply closet.
without looking like a completely oblivious sod.  Sent 12:26
favorite spy to make her first report! :D
“And wait, when were you in Afghanistan?”
Siger would have facepalmed if he hadn’t been driving and needing to keep his eyes on the road.  But his exasperated look turned quickly into a fond smile.  After all these year, his wife’s cheeky grin still got to him.
“Sorry, mate, but I think you’ll have some explaining to do to your neighbours.”  John gestured back towards the hallway.  “Women next door gave me the oddest look for turning up at your door with flowers.  No telling what gossip they’re coming up with right now.”
Violet looked a bit chagrined.  She didn’t think Siger knew about that little phone call to Mycroft, but then again, over the years he had developed quite the ability to Find Things Out when his family of geniuses thought they were being sneaky.  “I know it seems rather paranoid...but with Mycroft’s position in the government and Sherlock’s popularity with the tabloids...it would be an easy disguise to pull off since I haven’t seen her in years. But Mikey confirmed it’s really her and they’ve never had so much as a parking ticket...Turn here, dear…” Siger probably thought she’d called hoping for an excuse to avoid going to dinner, and, well, maybe that was just a
“Well, Charles, Laurina, it’s been lovely to share a meal in your beautiful home.  But we really must be getting home before it gets too late…”
“Well, the lights are on in here now.”
asexual.  I just have control over my own transport, and most people are too boring to be worth taking the time to seduce.  But
Sherlock thinks,
There’s a part of Sherlock that wonders why he hasn’t gotten back on the source yet, when the very reason he was striving to keep off of it had decided to leave him. He tells himself it’s because if something were to happen, if something were to strike, he needed to be in his best form and his best shape. He couldn’t be bogged down by the weight of the syringe. And yet, here he is, suffering from withdrawal alone in his flat, getting weaker by the day, all because he knows that the real reason why he’s not back on drugs is because he’s holding onto the sliver of hope that John will one day walk through those doors.
He watched as his wife stared at him for a few beats, looking caught out, almost nervous, as if she had said something she didn’t mean to say. Some inner thought finally, and unwittingly, brought to life. She blanked her face. “Forget it, John,” she finally settled, turning to walk away.
In the dead of night, Sherlock spends his time looking at himself naked in the bathroom mirror.
As Sherlock glances around the kitchen after placing his shopping on the table, he glances at the cupboard containing his science equipment. Mrs. Hudson must have cleaned up the flat after Mycroft told her that Sherlock would be going away for six months. She was prepping for his return, six months from now. She kept the dust just as he liked it. It makes his heart clench and forces him to sit down.
, he can’t. He resents Sherlock. Oh god, he
He watched as Lady Smallwood and Sir Edwin turned to look at Mycroft. A beat passed, and they nodded their heads at his brother.
“Oh Sherlock!” She pulls away, holding his face in her hands. “You said he was gone!”
For once, Sherlock wants to tear it to pieces.
“I think you’re forgetting, John Watson, that you have a baby on the way.”
Sherlock’s heart takes a little pounding when Mrs. Hudson finishes talking. He wordlessly hands over his phone and she takes it from him, her eyes scanning the two-word message. She
When he sleeps, rare as it may be, he dreams.
“Oh you can’t be serious. Seriously? Even after all this, even after you know how I feel and how upset I am about this, you’re still choosing
It is in this stillness of remembrance that Mycroft whispers imploringly, “But brother mine, it is a game you
John watches as Sherlock works his jaw, his quicksilver eyes boring into John. The attention makes John’s throat dry.
If someone were to ask Sherlock a few years ago if he believed in luck, the answer would have been – quite simply, no. Luck was a construct. A simple concept people created to explain a complex series of events. It was a reduction of the truth, the complicated, the intricate, and so
or to ‘
He can’t see Sherlock, he
She didn’t even have a
Then it crashes into John like a train.
He feels his face soften despite his resolve to stay cross. “Promise me you aren’t going to use again. Promise me this stops now.”
Hopelessness.
,” she snarled. “Don’t ask me to understand this John, don’t ask me to sit here, pregnant and alone, while my husband chooses his best friend over and
But the anger at Sherlock’s overdose, the sorrow over his departure, and the fear of never being able to see him again threatens to consume John. Seeing Sherlock climb into the plane, the final swish of dark fabric disappearing into the jet, and watching as the plane took off, getting smaller and smaller as it got farther and farther away nearly broke John right there and then. Seeing the physical evidence of Sherlock’s distance, of Sherlock being taken away from him, knowing that he was on that plane, and seeing it disappear and get farther away inch by inch, highlighted the fact that Sherlock was becoming more unreachable by the second.
“Mary?”
” Mary screamed back without pause. “He made a vow to protect the both of us, but he shot him for
“Sherlock…” Mrs. Hudson suddenly asks, turning around in John’s chair to look at him as he’s binning the food he went out to buy. The Thai crab curry is the first to go. Sherlock already knows that he’s not going to like the question she’s about to ask just by the tone of her voice.
“What did it say?”
For once, Sherlock lets himself to actively, purposefully, do just that.
“Mary, please understa –” John implored. He made a move to grab her arm.
“Don’t be childish. Lestrade told me what happened.”
Sherlock quirks a brow.
The worst part is that Sherlock doesn’t know if the case callback was a threat or a warning.
now more than ever. And John will stand by her, god knows he will, because he fucking owes her that much.
The words from John’s text have long since jumbled up in Sherlock’s eyes, and the food has long since gone cold. John’s rejection and declaration of leaving (because what else could it possibly mean?) act as a sad and cruel contrast to Sherlock’s phone wallpaper – a picture of John and him from John’s wedding in their suits. Just the two of them, side by side, eyes locked onto the camera. It’s like the world decided to be unkind to Sherlock by placing a message of abandonment over a picture of complete solidarity. Somehow, it makes the pain worse.
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson says, “I know just how you can start.”
Then six months later, they would get the news that something went terribly,
was that for me!”
. Funny, he thinks, how the world just keeps spinning. It makes him feel inconsequential.
John sniffs, then takes a deep breath. His left hand twitches. He leans his head against the wall. The plastic chair is making his arse and back ache. He doesn’t care. He closes his eyes.
“That’s it.” Lestrade confirmed.
He dreams, more often than not, of John at the pool. With the vest of Semtex strapped around him, never getting the chance to detonate, because the sniper pulls the trigger first. A shot to the chest, to the heart, and blood is spilling, spilling, spilling.
“Why would John leave? Why was he going to stay here in the first place?”
He can’t go back to Baker Street. Not after this. How can he go back and face Sherlock? All he’s going to see whenever he looks at Sherlock’s face is the face of the man who he chose above his daughter, a choice which she paid for with her life. How can he stand to be in the same room as him? He can’t, oh
“Then why is it that every argument we seem to have is because of Sherlock
. Their offers of care and companionship have reached a point of becoming almost annoying. But Sherlock can’t find it within himself to get annoyed. One day they asked where John was, and Sherlock had simply said “Gone.” They had shared a look with each other and remained silent, but as he left he could hear them talking about it.
“Husbands and wives aren’t supposed to argue over
“No,” John responded, walking in front of her and stopping her in her tracks. “What were you implying?”
Sherlock shares a look with John. As he turns away, he sees that the screen displaying the D-Notice has turned into a video. He watches as the perfectly doctored footage absolves him of the event that had transpired that fateful Christmas evening. The video switches off. The ploy for his return was obvious.
But he wasn’t going to see John again. He wasn’t. He
He picks up his phone.
On the roof. On the tarmac.
“Don’t be,” he turns away and burrows himself deeper into his blanket. “Go away.”
whoever was behind that video, then you can’t stop now. They played their turn. You have a lead. I suggest you take it.”
, he thinks,
His phone beeps, and John wills himself to check.
Sherlock doesn’t realize that he has closed his eyes until they snap open at his phone’s text alert. A small chime startles him, and he lets the violin fall gently onto his lap before grabbing at his phone.
When Sherlock wakes from his dream of what might have been, of what
John stuttered.
Seeing them again after thinking he was never going to come back was like a punch to the gut. Lestrade’s smiling and jovial face, Molly’s kind eyes – he was overcome with a profound sadness at the thought that he was never going to see them again. He loves them, and Mrs. Hudson too, and when he’s with them they help him forget about John. Except they don’t, not at all. Even when he’s with them, he is so very aware of the empty space by his side, and everytime he is hit with a strong pang of longing so profound that sometimes he feels ready to keel over.
“Psychedelic,” Sherlock deadpans, turning to look at her.
He opens his eyes and takes another breath. He turns to go get the cutlery.
top secret, is that clear? Only those in this room have access to this information,” Mycroft drawled, imparting a weather eye on Sherlock before turning to the screen where the D-Notice was displayed, hovering ominously behind the backs of Lady Smallwood and Sir Edwin.
“I’ve disappointed you,” Sherlock says finally, in an echo of a conversation they had so many years ago.
Sometimes Sherlock feels like he’s trapped in cage, and above him, hanging on the ceiling, there are thousands upon thousands of identical keys, but only one of them is the real one – the one that can get him out of the cage so he can start running, chasing down whoever put him in there in the first place. He feels like he’s in a state of constantly jumping, trying to get a hold of key after key, putting it in the lock and trying to see if it’s the one, but everytime he is let down without fail.
self that had put her under so much stress that she lost the baby. He should’ve done better. He should’ve
Sherlock leaned forward, narrowing his eyes as he pinned his stare onto Lady Smallwood. “Simplicity is the easiest form of deception. What’s the catch?”
“You said he was a hostage victim?” Sherlock asked as he ducked under the tape, pausing to hold it up while Lestrade walked through.
, Sherlock thinks to himself in a mantra.
“Because you just overdosed,” John deadpans.
Sherlock smiles solemnly at her before looking over her shoulder into the living room, out into the street beyond, life in London breezing on even though Sherlock’s world is tumbling
Sherlock thinks as he opens his eyes,
“Well, what do we have here?”
Sherlock snorts. Mycroft sighs deeply and turns to face Sherlock further, hitching himself up further on the bed.
. He forgives Sherlock, right there and then. Because how could he not? He is still so, very, very, angry, but the remorse and sadness on Sherlock’s face is real. John’s been around Sherlock long enough to know his tells, and so he knows Sherlock’s apology is genuine. He’s always had a soft spot for Sherlock, and that, plus the overwhelming relief of having him back, is enough to get John to forgive him.
“Then why on
He plucks at his violin, irritating the calluses in his fingertips. The dull ache of his fingers and discordant sound of the violin provides a safe distraction. Something to do with his hands. The music filling his brain. It isn’t a lot, but it should be enough until John gets here.
His fists slowly unclench and he stands up shakily, unpacking the takeaway on the table and moving to put the shopping away in the fridge. He steels himself as he grabs the plates, gripping them tightly as to not drop them due to the shaking of his hands. He deposits them carefully on the table, his eyes lingering slightly on the scratch made by a blade that one time before their case about the Chinese ciphers. He finds himself tracing the score lightly, closing his eyes as he remembers a time before everything had gotten so royally complicated. Sherlock is suddenly hit with how much has changed and how much time has passed. It leaves him slightly breathless. He finds himself reminiscing through his memories, and finds that those with John in them seem to stand out, shining brightly amongst the slightly more dim vestiges of his life.
John feels his rage boil over to the surface at Mary’s comment. The anger broiling in his stomach spilling into his chest, making him feel as though his ribs were on the cusp of cracking and his heart on the edge of exploding. He could feel the anger choke him. He angles his body to her as his anger finally spills over, “No! No I will not leave it, Mary! Of course I’m not going to bloody leave it. He overdosed Mary! He,” John waves a hand towards Sherlock, who is now staring at John and Mary with wide eyes, phone forgotten in his hands, “fucking
And the corn kernel finally dislodges.
“What happened?” She asks softly, her eyebrows drawn down. “Where’s John?”
He heard John groan behind him, a sound he is very much well acquainted with. “Sherlock, for Christ’s sake, don’t bloody ques-”
After John and Mary leave, Sherlock takes to cleaning the flat for John’s arrival, his giddiness at having his best friend coming to stay with him finally being allowed to show through. Showing his happiness while Mary was obviously upset with John’s choice would have been, as John would put it,
Sherlock swallows, a pinprick behind his eyes as his mind flashes back to that moment in the warehouse. Except, in his memories, everything is sharp. Whereas the moment itself had been overwhelming, Sherlock’s memory of it is clear and still, like an untouched lake sitting silently under the light of the moon. Almost as if Sherlock’s mind had frozen the moment.
They walked until they reached the door to the scene. It was a small warehouse, abandoned, and was probably used as an automobile repair shop in the 70s.
He hadn’t meant to hurt John. It’s the last thing he ever wants to do, but in that moment he did, and he hurt him badly. He had figured that John would storm off, go somewhere else to cool down a bit like he used to do when Sherlock had annoyed him back when they lived together. He had thought John would give himself some time, stay away for a while. Hell, John had already gone through so much because of Sherlock that Sherlock wouldn’t even have been surprised if John had decided to just leave and not come back. Maybe he would even give him an ultimatum.
“I’m here because, as much as I think caring is a disadvantageous farce, I do care for you,” Mycroft replied softly. He takes a glace at the syringes on Sherlock’s bedside table, and a peek through the bedroom door leading outside, where something akin to a meth lab has been set up in the kitchen. He frowns deeply. “Do you really think that was Moriarty?”
“It was. Absolutely intoxicating.” Mycroft smirks.
Turk holds them close as they sleep.
John makes a happy little sound as he relaxes into his seat. "Rosie, Sherlock's going to pick you up after school today just in case I'm not out on time. So make sure you keep an eye out for him."
She smirks softly and kisses his jaw.
She unbuttons the bottom half of his shirt as he does the top. She takes his tie and smirks. "Tie my hands down."
“Oh thank god.” Collin groans and his cock throbs.
“I can sit on the closed toilet and be in the same room with you.” Greg offers. “Or I can sit on the bed and you can keep the bathroom door open.”
"Girl... her name is Selene Aeliana Montgomery."
John slowly deepens the kiss, sliding his tongue in between Sherlock’s parted lips.
“Show me how much you want it.”
He eases his fingers out, looking to Darius.
“Of course. I.. I’d love to.” He blushes a bit.
He hums softly as he rubs the towel over his toned arms and chest, wrapping it around his waist before Pete can get a proper look at his cock.
“Fine.” She smirks and turns to the guy next to her. “Got a cock I can use?” She purrs.
He pulls out of him and puts him on his hands and knees with his wrists still tied to the headboard. He squeezes and kneads his arse as he watches his cum leak out of Michael's arse.
He blushes and smiles.
He leans in to bite her neck, marking her neck.
He smiles and holds onto her.
Veronica licks her lips as she watches Carol walk away, blushing as she looks back to Eli knowing she'd been caught looking.
"Let me put it to you this way. There are 100 possible scenarios that I can see. In 99 of them he says no and in one he says yes. Do you want to know why he says yes in only one?"
He licks his lips as she grinds against his hand.
Turk pushes into her easily, starting to thrust immediately.
He sets Matthias up on the bed and hooks him up.
“As do I.” Sherlock smiles. “You also haven’t had any nightmares while we’ve been sharing sleeping arrangements.”
Michael smiles and takes her inside.
He cuddles into him.
“But it was humans that killed her. They are long dead. 133 years.” Sherlock says sadly. “John is sad. He’s been upset for the past decade. He wanted to go to your funeral, but couldn’t because of the army. You know so much, come back, to help us do the ritual. Come back, just to say hello to John.” He says softly as he looks up at Ms Magdala.
He squeezes John's hand. "A lot less broken than I..." He chuckles, bringing the hand to his lips and pressing a kiss to the back of it.
He smiles and squeezes Turk's hand.
He moans and arches. “Yes, sir. Just a dirty whore. Always need cock.”
He smiles and hums quietly.
“People like Jennifer.”
"Michael.. Fuck me.." Sky whines and moves closer. "Mm fuck her.." Jean smirks and rolls his hips slowly.
He hums softly. 'That's probably for the best.'
"No problem. If anything changes page me." Frankie nods and leaves.
“Slut.” Steve chuckles. “That May or may not have been how Mycroft was conceived.” Cecil chuckles.
“That’s about all I can do,” John says. “I’m not a vet.” John gets up and takes his bag to the kitchen table. He pours himself a glass of scotch and fills a bowl with water for the dog. “You know, I’m thinking of ordering some dinner. Maybe Thai food. I haven’t had Thai food in ages. I can share it with you... if you like,” he says, taking out his phone to make the order.
"I'm still going to say yes every time." John smiles.
"Well, I am pregnant. And it might upset him enough to make a mistake. Because the devil himself knows that if he tries touching me right now, the whole of the government's best agent's will be invading hell to get revenge. So Jim wouldn't be stupid enough to try
Sherlock frowns as he feels what Camille feels, he doesn’t understand it, there is definitely hope and love there. But there’s something else too, it could be fear or dread, he’s not sure. “Did he ever hurt you?” Sherlock whispers.
He groans as he pushes into him with slow gentle thrusts.
John nods. “Thank you, Father. I appreciate that. I’ll just be a while longer finishing up praying to her most cherished stations.” He hums, watching the priest go.
"Mm good." He sits Mycroft on the end of the bed. He gets undressed the rest of the way and puts on pajama bottoms.
“I can’t leave you. I won’t. Never.” John squeezes his hand.
She smiles and relaxes against him.
He smiles and takes a sip of his coffee.
He smiles and wraps his arm around him, kissing his head.
Sherlock whines and arches, hips rocking uselessly. “Please please.”
“I don’t know honestly. I mean you obviously hurt him so I’m sure apologizing would help but I think he also feels made fun of. Like you’ve known this entire time that he wasn’t straight and you just threw it in his face. I don’t know.”
She hums happily and kisses him.
He hums happily and turns on the bubbles, holding Mycroft close.
“They’ve stalled.” Mico hums, turning his dagger over in his fingers.
“Mm okay.” He kisses him and eases out his fingers. He slicks his cock and slowly sinks into him.
"That there are no restrictions on everyone's feelings. How it's all about love and making each other feel good." He strips and crawls over him, kissing him tenderly. "If you haven't noticed, I'm an affectionate kind of guy." He smiles softly.
Morna nods. “For humans there’s safety issues with carrying to many babies. For me I’m not human so I can carry as many as I’d like. The most I’ve ever carried at once was seventeen but I could have done more I suppose.” She smiles softly.
He smirks and bucks his hips roughly.
“I have a team searching already. I’ll let you know what goes on.” Mycroft nods. “For now I want you to work with John and Magdala to gather whatever else they need from the ritual.”
Mycroft gasps and moans loudly, nearly coming as Eli pushes into him. “Oh fuck. Fuck me, Daddy. Make me yours.” He begs, not caring about how loud he was being.
He smiles softly and comes up, kissing him gently.
Sky moan and whimpers, already getting close. “Mm look at her. Starting to tense up. Getting ready to come.” Darius smirks.
"Hi.." Ella smiles softly, looking at her husband as she holds their baby.
“Do you want to go back and talk to him?” Sherlock frowns.
"I love that you're so vocal." He presses his tip against him.
Sharon nips gently and suckles from her, feeling how full she is.
As he looks through the window he sees Crystal in the garden. He gets another cup and makes a second tea. He takes it out and watches Crystal from a distance.
[It takes two to tango, Sherlock. I'm just as guilty for putting us in this mess.]
Sherlock blushes as he kisses him back.
"Daddy!" Mycroft cries out and comes hard.
Matthias hums, cracking his knuckles. “Let’s go.”
"Alright. I'll be back in a tic. Don't go anywhere." John jokes and leaves the room. Once John is down the hall he texts Mycroft. **He's awake and requesting coffee. Labs are back. Still can't ID the drug. Only trace amounts left in his system. How are you holding up? -- JW**
"You know you love it." He smirks.
“Forever.” Sherlock holds him close.
Greg smirks and goes to fill his glass again. He takes out the ginger snaps and puts Sherlock's finished tray of sugar cookies into the oven.
She smirks and kisses him hard, putting them in his head.
Sherlock frowns. "Greg.. Max is just upset that he can have you."
“I’m sorry you had to disassociate to get through that.”
Greg moans and kisses him. He pulls Sherlock's hair and grinds against him hard. "Come for me, Sherlock. Make a mess of your pants like a good horny little slut.." He sucks Sherlock's neck and ruts against him frantically.
They go get dressed.
"Mate?" Mycroft asks, and everyone looks up as Teddy sheepishly enters the kitchen.
“Like what you see, Grandpa?” She purrs, swaying her hips.
He hums happily and kisses him back, holding him close.
“You just wanna watch me ride your cock. I know you like watching my tits bounce.” She smirks.
He growls, thrusting more urgently. ‘Couldn’t wait.’
She mewls and rolls her hips slowly.
"How badly do you want to come, slut?"
Greg nuzzles Sherlock and holds them all together.
She smirks and nods. "First, the hands." She ties his wrists to the head board.
"Mm I'll fuck you while you eat Anthea out."
“She’s flushed, sweating. Her cunt is dripping around us, around our knots.”
He whimpers, feeling her love. "I love you. Always. Everywhere. But I need you to promise me something.."
Sherlock nods. "Go. I'll stay with Mycroft."
His eyes widen and he squirms a bit.
Sherlock frowned as more tears came and fell down his cheeks. “Sire... but surely other people must have begged you to save them. I’m not brilliant or smart I taught myself that after I was turned. I was a child slave before joining the army. There were hundreds and thousands like me.” He shakes his head. “You couldn’t have known that it would become preventable.”
"You keep me busy, that's for sure."
“Pregnant. We didn’t care if they were dressed. Keeping nappies on you and Harry was a full-time job.” Hank chuckles as he hugs John while keeping the pups on his shoulder.
"Oh my god you're getting hard again aren't you, slut?" He smirks and strokes him as he rides him.
Camille frowns and nods. “I’m a terrible leader..”
Sherlock smiled as John came back. "I'm not so sure these relatives are dead..." He mumbled.
Mycroft smiles and pulls them all to the party.
Sherlock chuckles before dragging his tongue from base to tip.
"Mm I'll sit on his face and you can ride his cock." Violet says. "Then we can switch." Kate purrs. "Fuck you're brilliant." Violet kisses Kate deeply.
He hums happily and kisses him again.
“What can I do?”
'Michael, love. I need you to listen to me very carefully. I need you to stay in bed no matter what you're about to hear. Stay there with Jean until I tell you to move.' Sky hums in Michael's head as the intruder creeps closer to Michael's room.
He pulls John into his lap and kisses him back deeply.
He relaxes against him, closing his eyes.
Crystal is sobbing quietly, such a feeling of relief. She smiles at Mycroft through the tears.
He blushes softly and smiles, going over to him. "Come back to bed.."
He blushes and crawls to find the others.
She nods and gets into the car after him.
"Mm.. Sherlock might get upset."
“You and Harry not hitting it off before this?”
"Then why are you blushing?"
“Look into recent psychiatric breaks in transgender patients with local doctors. Our man has most likely experienced something recently that pushed him to do this.”
Mycroft gasps as he increases the pressure. "Christ, Greg.."
At long last love has arrived
Sherlock blushes more and buries his head into John’s shoulder. “What did she say?” He asks.
Mycroft lets go Of Sherlock’s throat right before he blacks out, snapping his hips and hitting Sherlock’s prostate.
‘Yes. So much better.’ He mewls.
John smiles and wraps his arm around his hips.
"I'll miss you, too. It's only for a bit." He nuzzles him affectionately.
"I love you. I love you so fucking much." John nibbles Sherlock's lip.
She hesitates a bit before going to hug her.
Crystal smiles softly. “Drinks first? And then we can see what we feel like?”
Mycroft smirks and puts the glass down, starting to feel tipsy. “And just how old is vintage, Crys?” He asks.
“My granddaughter. She will get the most but everyone else who will gain from it is also slowly vanishing.”
“That’s exactly my point. I haven’t brought it up because I don’t want him to take her away again as I have no legal say over her. I’m just a glorified uncle she calls Papa.” Sherlock frowns.
"True." She giggles and smiles.
“Of course. I’ll get the children situated and keep them entertained. Do you need anything for now?” Margaret smiles softly.
He smiles and hums. "And for you, Greg? Coffee?"
"All those times, I wanted your knot. Give it to me now."
"Come, baby. Come for Daddy."
He perks up a bit, still half sulking.
She moans and arches back against him. ‘Missed this.’ She whimpers.
“Well it’s too late for that now. Besides… you also said… that you love me. And you… well you curled up in my arms. So…”
“Soon I’ll be able to put my own babies inside you.” He smirks and rubs her g spot.
He starts to thrust into her, grunting against her.
Mycroft smirks and strokes him through his orgasm. "Such a good boy.."
He smiles and eats.
“Perfect.” Greg looks blissed out.
"Bring it." Chloe pushes, knowing how dominant they get.
He whimpers and weakly pushes at him.
“I can’t tell John about this. I just can’t. He’s already dealing with far too much and I...” The call goes quiet.
"It'll be okay."
John takes it and rests his forehead against their hands. "I love you." He whispers. "Even when I'm basically pissed at you, I still love you."
He relaxes and cuddles with him.
"I love you.."
“Mm..” Greg frowns.
"Mm. Very weird."
He whimpers desperately. “Please, Daddy.”
“Mm. No need to pout, love. We’ll get you nice and full.” Jean hums, stroking himself.
"Gregory..." Mycroft gasped.
Sherlock cries out as he comes hard on command.
Greg nods and kisses Mycroft as he strips them slowly, laying Mycroft back on the bed.
He rocks his hips. "So good. You're so fucking huge."
"I'm going to take everything from him before he even realizes what's going on. He'll be lucky to get a bite of food a week. I'm going to take away all of his former contacts. He'll have no one to fall back on. I'll take all of his safe houses, his fake identities, weapons, and everything else that makes him him. He's going to be dead inside before I even get my hands on him."
He moans as he relaxes his throat, closing his eyes.
John smiles and leaves the room, followed by Udos, closing the door behind him.
He falls asleep with her.
Greg follows happily, a big dopey grin on his faces as he watches their joined hands.
"You feel so good, Sky.."
Samuel gets Bruno all harnessed up.
“Maybe.” Sherlock muses. “Can I... try it out?” He asks. “Can I touch someone and see how they’re feeling?” He asks softly, not wanting to touch someone in Mycroft’s home without his say so.
He leans in and kisses him.
John pushes him against the door and kisses him hard.
"You're brilliant.."
“Keep talking to me like that and I’ll rail you through this bed, John Watson.” Sherlock growls softly and ever so gently eases a second slick finger into John.
“It’ll still be there.” She smiles softly. “It’s totally up to you.”
"Have we really not seen each other in seven months?" John asks as he follows Mycroft and the girls into the living room.
John smiles against his lips and let's Mycroft lead the kiss, wanting to see what he can do.
He gasps and moans, arching against them.
"I just know that it's dangerous.." He mumbles softly.
“Hello, Edgar. I’m John.” John smiles. “And I’m Collin.” Collin nods. “Nice to meet you both. You have a special boy on your hands.” Edgar smiles.
“If I haven’t botched things I’d like that.” Greg nods.
“Mm, we pride ourselves on it.” Mycroft hums, rubbing her clit teasingly.
"Where're we?" John murmurs through an aborted yawn. "S'not home..."
"Mm, morning everyone."
She hums softly and nuzzles him.
Sherlock smirks and pulls out of Mycroft. He flips Mycroft over onto his hands and knees and pushes three fingers into him, avoiding his prostate completely. "Mm you look so pretty like this. No control. Arse in the air begging to be filled and fucked." He works his fingers.
John smiles and kisses his hand. Collin and Carol come down. "God, look at you guys." Collin smiles and licks his lips as he looks at them.
He soon comes back with a new can. “On your hands and knees, baby.”
"What made you leave Bart's so quickly? Did you solve the case? Was it the uncle?"
Sky smiles as she watches them.
"Myc.."
Mycroft hums happily and leans into kiss Greg.
Jake takes his fingers out and slicks his cock, pushing into him.
‘Mm yeah. Come pick us up.’ Sky purrs softly, nuzzling into the neck of the man holding her. “What’s you’re name?”
He cuddles up against him.
‘Mum saved me.. kept me away from Jim and dad until she died.. I tried my best to stay away from him after that but he found me and I.. I couldn’t say no.. all that training when we were kids, it all came back and I crumbled beneath him.’
Mycroft whines at the emptiness. "I need you both, please. I need it so much. Please!"
Turk falls asleep with Sky, holding her close.
He hums and grins against her lips.
“Wouldn’t you like to know.” She plays coy, knowing it drives Violet wild.
"Good..." His chest heaves slightly. "I... Never knew it could feel like this..."
He smiles. "What do you want, love?"
"What? Get her pregnant?" He raises a brow. "If you're worried about your swimmers I can have a look at them. Drop off a sample in a cup and I'll look at the numbers." He hums, being a urologist with a specialty in male reproductive health for kicks.
Sherlock runs his fingers through John’s hair and the other resting on his belly. He needs that connection to John and to their pups. He sees Hank and Joann cuddle, he could barely tell where one of them ended and the other began.
"Can you make me a grilled cheese sandwich? Like you did when I was little." He blushes.
John smiles softly and washes Sherlock.
'Hmm..'
John holds Sherlock close as he sleeps.
“Not hard.” Margaret agrees.”
He whimpers and thrusts into his hand.
“Oh right. Yeah, let me get my things.”
John slumps against him, groaning as aftershocks rent through his lower body. "Fuuuck..." He panted.
Carol moans loudly and arches, close to coming. Collin smirks and presses in beside Michael, moaning loudly.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asks. “I have access to my Sire’s bank account. I can buy us a private plane if you’d prefer.” He offers softly.
He smiles softly and relaxes with him.
He blushes and nods. "Anything for you.." He hesitates. "..Daddy.."
She strokes him slowly, sucking on his bullocks.
Mycroft smiles as he brings in Cecil and George. “Found them, bee.”
Sherlock groans and leans in, biting John.
He starts to eat, slowly at first but more eager soon.
He hesitates a bit. “I don’t want to see them either when I’m out though.. not really..”
"You have so much to give.. The numbers are impossible."
Greg kisses down his body and flicks his tongue over Sherlock's nipple.
'Do you want to sit on my face? Soak me in your cum? Make me drip with it till I make you a Daddy? You know how greedy I can be with your cum. I can't get enough. You'll be writhing and squirting on my face for ages. I won't let you go until we're both satisfied.' She purrs, grinding against him.
She smiles and relaxes.
“How do you get him to act like this? So.. So needy and desperate?” Mel blushes. “He’s a natural submissive. He likes to be dominant from time to time but this is how he likes it best. And so do I.” Chloe smirks, riding him faster. “I could ride him for ages and he won’t come unless I tell him to. He’s such a good boy.” She praises.
"I know it's a bit rough around the edges but give me a break it was one nights work." She shrugs even though her work is perfection.
“Yeah.” Lydia smiles and nods.
John smiles, “I know you like being close, but if you lean back a little I can get washed and they we can go to the library.”
"Yeah." She blushes and smiles softly.
Sally laughs and gets up, going back to her original seat. "George you're next to pick." She smirks.
“Once a bad boy always a bad boy.” Mycroft chuckles, leaning against him a bit.
“When you’re more yourself I’ll let you see exactly how good I look.” She smiles softly.
He snaps his hips. “That’s a good boy. Make a mess over Daddy’s cock.”
"Come pick it out for me then." Sky smiles.
"Mm I think so. Michael is very taken with you and Jean is as well. I think it'll work out perfectly." She hums and smiles against his lips.
He slowly relaxes.
Sherlock nudges Mycroft closer to the man as he moans around him.
"I wish you would." Carol moans loudly, clenching around Greg's cock.
Sherlock stares into his microscope as Greg sets his tea down.
"I.. I want you to fuck me.. Please.."
Yeah, you kinda made me feel proud
He leans in to kiss her deeply.
to be a way we can spin this to the public"
“So gorgeous. Well take such good care of you. Anything you want is yours.” Dorro smirks, running their hands over Sherlock inner thighs as the other god’s start to strip Sherlock starting with his shoes.
John doesn't hear Sherlock so he doesn't look up from reading the chart.
Mycroft kisses him softly. "My strong Detective Inspector.."
Sky whimpers as they let go of her nipples, leaving them hard and leaking down her body. Mycroft goes and stretcher arse quickly, knowing she likes it when a cock stretches it the rest of the way. “Is she being a good little breeding cow, Daddy?” Sherlock asks Cecil as he grips sky’s hair, pushing into her mouth and down her throat in one smooth thrust. Sky moans helplessly under them and submits, letting them to whatever they want to her.
Sherlock whines and rocks back, trying to get more inside him. “Sir!”
“Now who would I be if I broke my promises to you?” John chuckles and leads Sherlock to their room.
He smiles and relaxes.
"So close, Sky."
Sky hums and leans against Michael.
Greg hums happily and eats.
Mycroft comes around and holds Crystal close, kissing her head. ‘Why are you doing this?’
"You're such a good boy, Johnny.."
“I’m glad I did too.”
He smiles and leans in to kiss him before getting up to take his turn.
John chuckles and nods. “Yeah.”
Sherlock frowns, rocking Jared gently to calm him. “Shh.. it’s alright.. Papa just messed up with Daddy.. I’ll fix things, don’t worry.” He whispers to Jared, still standing where John had left him.
“Yours. Your good girl.” She whimpers, taking everything he gives her. “I want to be your fucktoy. Whatever you want to do to me. Whenever. Where ever. I want it. I want all of it. Everything.”
"Okay." He follows him out to the kitchen where Sky is cooking.
"Yes. Anyone you'd like who'd be willing to switch." She smiles and giggles.
He smiles softly and snuggles him.
"Come. I'm going to keep fucking you."
He relaxes and smiles, looking out the window.
Mycroft hums and smiles as he eats.
"Nap.."
“Everybody’s my friends.” Kia bites her lip.
He smiles and nuzzles him back.
"All you have to do is tell me what you need. Tell me where you want me to touch you or not. How to touch you and make you feel good. I want to give you whatever you want." She kisses his neck softly.
“You don’t have to go.” Pythia says softly.
“Sherlock, Doctor Watson, I persuaded The Masters that it would be best for them to go back home. There is nothing left for them here to do.” Mycroft explains as he pours Sherlock and himself a glass of blood each and John some whiskey.
Turning back to the glaze John adds a bit more powdered sugar. "She's better now, with you two. I haven't seen her itch for a drink in weeks."
He starts to fuck her roughly.
He hums happily and holds him close.
He smirks a bit. "Mm, so many, baby.."
"I love you both, too.." Greg chuckles from the other side of John.
She presses closer, whining softly as her belly gets in the way as she sucks in his tongue. ‘Of course. Hasn’t left Harry’s side their entire time as usual.’
“Apart from to keep well away from wars? I’ve learnt to read people and look for the unexpected. That’s all it is.” Sherlock sighs.
He whines and kisses him back. "P-Play with Sherl.."
John frowns as he listens and sits back. “I don’t want you to go anywhere.” He looks at him.
“Yeah, lets go.”
He watches her close as he slips his fingers into her.
Mycroft whimpers as the plug is slipped back in.
She laughs as the sun starts to rise.
“My.. My little sister..” Sky whispers.
She blushes and relaxes.
She kisses his cheek.
“So does it still could as a kidnapping if I know about it in advance?” He gets up and stretches, sore from works. “Was? Was that a vampire pun? Did your really just make a vampire pun?” He laughs, nearly doubled over. “Now I understand why you always make me eat the garlic bread from Angelo’s. I just thought you were trying to feed me up. Now I relish you we’re just trying to fatten me up.” He chuckles, teasing.
John pulls him gently back to the bedroom. He changes into his pajama bottoms and sits on the edge of the bed with a sigh.
He giggles happily and smiles.
Greg nods. “My DI passed it down to me when he retired and I got promoted.”
She moans loudly and comes hard suddenly. "Yes yes. Anything you want." She rocks back against him still needing more.
“Sorry it’s not very fancy.” Greg chuckles softly.
“They really are.”
Greg gets dressed and they head down to the kitchen. Sky is standing in the sitting room talking to a man.
"Love you." He mumbles as he nips at his jaw.
“Yes, yes. God, please.”
**Where are you?--GL**
"Really?" He licks his lips.
He blushes happily as he waits for everyone to finish eating.
"Yours! All yours, Daddy!" He nearly screams.
Mycroft moans into his mouth and pulls him closer, kissing him back deeply.
"It was a case, John. You *know* how absorbed I get in The Work." He gritted out. "I'm sorry you don't seem to understand that, even after living with me for so long." He turned to Ryan, who seemed to be snickering.
"No, you don't." Sherlock replied. "They're horrible."
“Mrs. Hudson would like a lap dog. A live-in heating blanket,” Sherlock agrees.
Collin smiles softly and kisses her head.
"Mm, thank you."
"I didn't want to wake you but I needed something inside me I didn't know what to do. So I just came in here and fucked myself on my finger. It's not the same. It's not you." He moans breathily as the rock.
He relaxes against her.
“Perfect.” Sherlock chuckled.
He smiles and kisses her head.
Margaret smiles as she watches them.
“I thought about bringing a guy home once.” He hums.
Sky nods and gets up slowly, being careful.
“Mm, you’re one of the fancy fully clothed dancers, hm?” Sherlock teases.
“Yes! Daddy! Please!” He moans loudly, nearly shouting with every thrust. He holds onto George tightly, trying to concentrate on not coming.
“Come. Please. Need it.” He begs.
I'm lookin' right at the other half of me
"Yeah.. It's easy to get lost here.. To never want to leave here.. Four days is the longest I ever stayed in here.."
“Am I gonna meet everyone?”
Mycroft holds him close and kisses his neck as he pumps him full.
"That was brilliant.."
"You cum so much." She purrs.
He smiles and nods. “I’ll keep in touch.”
Mycroft moans loudly, his cock bright red. “Please. Oh please ma’am. I’ve been such a good slut for you.” He begs.
She cries out and comes hard.
"I love you, too.." He kisses him deeply and starts to thrust at a medium regular pace, not enough to get Mycroft off.
Sky hums and relaxes into Jake as they watch tv.
Mycroft holds his glare before going back to work.
"Mm, I'll take care of them, love. I'm sure you're tired after today."
“That’s right. So good.”
“So what’s the case?” Mrs. Hudson asks, having no intention of relinquishing Jared any time soon.
He smiles softly. “Better?”
‘I don’t know. I they find out we have her that would be bad. But we can leave her by herself.’
Sherlock watches the traffic go by as he takes a pull from the cigarette. "Christ, have these always been this good?" He asks and blows out the smoke.
Mycroft chuckles. "Ten fingers and ten toes?" He murmurs, knowing that Anthea wants to gush. "What's her name? Tell me all."
“Better?” Eli rubs his back.
They smile and kiss either of his cheeks.
"Great." He smiles.
He kisses her belly softly.
“That’s why I’m here baby.” John smiles. He pushes her legs wider apart as he waits.
"Just breath. You'll adjust." Cecil rubs his thighs and Violet kisses his chest as she rides him.
“Stay on them and keep me updated.”
John smiles and strokes Sherlock’s hair.
John’s about asleep on his feet by the time they’re in the cab. He rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, closing his eyes.
He nuzzles her back.
Greg chuckles. “I’m sure we’ll have plenty of time to demonstrate.” He smiles. “I don’t think Crystal will want to go anywhere in this state.”
A third finger. Sherlock stiffens for a moment before relaxing into the pressure. Opening his eyes, he looks up at John, face flushed. "God, you're beautiful..." He mumbles, tongue darting out to taste John's leaking cock.
He mewls and presses his face o John's neck, kissing it."
“Sleep. I’ll tell you in the morning.” Sherlock kisses his head.
"You keep this up and I'm gonna come."
She bites at his throat and fucks him deeper, hitting his prostate hard each go.
Cecil smiles and lets them into the house.
“Not tonight no.” He hums, changing slides.
Sherlock raises his arse for him, taking him deeper.
"Oh god please yes. Please please. Use me. Take turns. Please. I need it."
"I think it was truth or dare first but then everyone was too drunk to keep playing so then we moved onto never have I ever."
He moans loudly, feeling close as well. "So perfect. Love you."
“Coming to bed?” John smiles, pleasantly surprised.
Lydia licks his cock clean as she finally lets it go, breathing hard as Sherlock continues to rock in and out of her so slowly savoring it.
“Good.” He smirks.
In silver and gold
Greg moans and whimpers. "Bed...?"
Mycroft groans and comes hard into John.
‘Mm brilliant, my love.’ She hums and bites at his neck.
He hums and kisses him. "I love you.." He mumbles against his lips.
He hums and orders, holding him close.
She moans against him and kisses him back almost desperately.
Sherlock bites his lip. "What about Collin?"
Turk pounds her cunt and womb, moving to kiss her deeply.
'Can't watch. Too much.' He downs the rest of his drink.
"Mm yes we'll try not to well shagged." She giggles and smiles.
"Smartarse." John smirks.
Harry and Anthea are both nervously pacing the hall when Mycroft walks in. Harry is trailing to steps behind Anthea doing her best to calm the other woman down without touching her. The second the door opens Harry looks up and breathes a sigh of relief.
“Goin?” Greg asks, sipping coffee in the kitchen.
He smiles and kisses her back.
Sherlock mutes the call and let’s put a stream of curses that would make the most hardened fighter blanch. He takes a breath and takes it off mute. “I see.” He grounds out.
She smiles and nods happily.
He blushes at the praise, his head floating in subspace.
John smiles and leans into Margaret’s touch. “I hope your right Maggie.” He sighs.
"Where to first?" Collin asks as he starts the car.
"How many should she take?"
She giggles happily and nuzzles him.
“Oh of course. I can show you while the potion brews.” Margaret smiles and starts collecting things from the pantry.
Sherlock takes him to the couch and rubs his back.
He slowly eases a finger into him.
“Feeling better?”
He blushes and kisses him back.
He whimpers, so close to coming.
“No. You need to come back here. Mycroft needs you. You can’t just go off by yourself and get yourself killed.”
"Ah fuck, Mike!" John moans and comes down his throat.
I dreamt I held you in my arms
She nuzzles them both tiredly, finally exhausted.
Sky drives carefully while Turk works on Matt in the back seat.
“What’s it say?” John asks as Sherlock reads.
He kisses kisses his hand softly.
Sherlock bites hard on his lower lip, close to drawing blood. Groaning deeply, he digs his nails into John's back. "Talk to me..." He begged, panting. "I love hearing you talk to me as I come..." He whimpered softly, the roiling tide of his orgasm almost piquing.
"Tell me about your family. I think you said you have four sibling or your one of four?"
Sherlock makes a face as if to say
“Mm. You’ll have to beg for what you want.” John smirks.
He relaxes with him, closing his eyes.
Danny smiles and pats his head.
“Okay.” Greg nods. “Here, sit for a minute and I’ll get us something to eat before going on the plane?”
Rachel moans, hips rocking a bit into Mycroft’s mouth.
He nods and kisses his head.
“Want to be used like a little cumslut like your brother?” Cecil smirks, snapping his hips roughly.
They rinse him carefully.
She hums happily and eats with him.
He smiles softly and nods. “Yeah?”
Greg nods. “Am I... safe to be around him? Be safe in Mycroft’s... place?” He asks, not wanting to hurt other vampires. Not wanting to hurt Crystal.
She blushes and mewls.
Dark looks up as soon as she comes in, immediately sensing the difference.
"Next time, then." John smiles, amiably. "Book with Melinda at the front desk."
He whimpers and tries to push back against the vibrator. "P-Please, Sir.. I need it so bad.. I want to be used by you.. I'm here for your pleasure.. I.. I'm a useless whore.."
"Good boy.. Such a good boy.. So relaxed and needy for me.." She praises and slowly pushes the tip of her finger into him.
Sherlock nodded. "Greg noted names and addresses two years ago..."
He gasps and moans, spreading his legs a bit.
"Alright.. Let me know if you need me." She nods.
"You are ridiculous! I am so not cute!" He pouts very cutely.
Greg chuckles and follows him down.
He holds him and kisses him softly.
"Do not come. That is an order."
Sky smirks as she watches, licking her lips.
He blushes and mewls. “Thank you, Mikey..”
Sherlock helps John organize all their findings. He starts to make a timeline of events through John’s parent's letters and notes, thankful for John’s mother’s meticulous note keeping and journals. He likes reading about what John was like when he was younger and how he changed as he grew from a pup to a toddler to a small child.
"Thank you, Sherlock.." Lydia smiles and dries her hands.
Mycroft nods. “Thank you.” He says quietly. Times like this, whenever he spoke with Crystal, always made him long for a partner, someone to hold and date and dance with.
"Mm what a greedy little cockslut you are.." He fucks him with his fingers and rubs against his prostate.
Greg pours the tea and hands a mug to Mycroft. Sky takes out cups of tea to Sherlock and John as well as Anthea and Lydia. Greg sighs softly and sips his tea.
Mycroft thrusts into her mouth, groaning.
“You’ll just have to be on the lookout for more that may or may not exist.” Sherlock sips his coffee, sleeping without John was rather torturous and he felt like he was coming down with something.
“Of course. Interesting place you have here.” He hums.
Michael is waiting there for her.
He sighs a bit. **I'm sorry.. I just..
"It's still not right.."
"I.. Ah.. He said our family was full of freaks and that it's our fault that these things happened to John and Greg.. I just.. I couldn't stop myself.. I attacked him.."
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
Love your curves and all your edges
She hums softly and nods.
Mel comes back a few minutes later carrying the test.
“We’re together. Partners are supposed to help each other.” Sherlock smiles softly.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and nods, slowly relaxing at John’s words. “I..I trust you.”
Mrs. Hudson frowns a bit and sits down. “Sherlock, dear.. It’s alright. I already know.” She smiles softly and take his hand.
She smiles and slips in another finger. "Your g-spot should be right about here.." She curls her fingers slightly and rubs right over it gently.
He closes his eyes, humming happily.
“I’d rather be with you if you don’t mind.” John nods.
"Greg, please come back inside.."
Mycroft starts thrusting immediately, fucking him hard and deep.
“Alright. We have to see one of the counselors right? Or is it an actual therapist that has to set us up with the vacation?”
"So, Mycroft?" John asks as they all tuck into their meal, "what's it like with two pregnant mates? Have you gone insane yet?"
"I... well, I bonded." He tilts his neck to let his older sister see the mark. Still fresh, it was red, with a bit of bruising around the teeth marks, but it would be clear to anyone who looked at it that John had not struggled while receiving it. It was clean, with no torn flesh, just perfect incisions.
Danny smiles. "Mummy!"
Sky hums softly as she works on Mycroft's laptop. "Morning John." She hums as he comes into the sitting room.
"Milk then." Sherlock agreed.
“Thank you. And this is for you.” Duke smiles and slips a wad of bills into her breast pocket.
John grits his teeth through the cramps and laughs pitifully, "I'd be an interesting case to study... you should take notes."
Sherlock put the toast on their plates before putting them on the table.
Mycroft bites his lip and pulls Sherlock aside. "Are you going to tell her that we're moving in, bee?"
He mumbles and pouts.
"Problem?" He smirks.
"After dinner." Greg smiles.
Greg soon falls asleep.
"You're welcome.." She nuzzles her.
“Mycroft is terribly honourable. He doesn’t hit a restrained person. He knows what he’s doing.” Anthea leans against her.
Mycroft frowns slightly. "Of course I meant it. I'm incredibly happy and proud for you. No matter what, I will always love you, Sherlock."
She smiles and nips at his neck as she grinds against him. 'God, You're making me so hot. I need a drink.'
If there's no one beside you
[You don't know where we live and Rosie's gone to sleep on top of me. It's going to take more than an instant to pull myself out from under her.]
Sherlock groans and grinds against him. "P-Please.. Come, John.."
“I’m sorry.” Magdala frowns. “You know when Anthea came in earlier? Said she had a message from Mycroft?”
He smiles as he looks up. "Thank you."
He returns to find the food served up on the coffee table, Sherlock sitting on the sofa waiting patiently.
Benny slicks his fingers and eases two into him.
Sherlock nods. "She's in the best hands."
Sherlock bit into his toast.
Sherlock has to stop them a few times.
Mycroft looks to Sherlock and nods. "Everything fine."
.” John’s voice trails off as he remembers how dark things had been after that fateful day.
Sherlock nods, a cloud of bliss falling over his mind. “Fuck... sir...” he slurs.
Dave takes the soap and start to prep himself, pressing against the wall to give Chris a bit of a show.
He blushes and mewls softly at the praise.
"I love you. I love you so much. I can't breathe without you." She whimpers and rocks with him.
Her knee won't stop shaking even if she tries to stop it.
'I know..' She bites her lip.
Sally gets up and goes over to George after finishing the last sip of her drink.
"Not anymore." He smiles softly.
Mycroft smiles and kisses his head.
Greg gasps and clings to him. "Fuck! Yes!" He moans.
Greg blushes and smiles. "Do you like chocolate?"
He whimpers softly and pulls back, licking his lips.
"I'm glad you're back.."
She hums and lays down so they can be more comfortable.
John continues to suckle, feeling his belly expand with it all.
He blushes. "Mycroft had them personally made."
He stands at attention in front of John.
"Daddy!" Sky cries out as she comes hard, squirting all over and making a mess.
He nods. "I'm sure they have something."
Sherlock moans loudly and arches, pressing his face to the sauna floor.
“Good?” Clark chuckles.
He puts his arm around her as they sit in the cab.
John whimpers from the bed, getting desperate and already stretching himself.
“Mm. You sure your husband would be okay with that?”
He looks at John’s face, his intoxication slowing his reactions, so when he thinks he just flicks his eyes to look at John’s lips for a moment it’s actually a few seconds of staring.
"Oh Christ.. This feels amazing.."
He nods and bites his lip, thinking it's still better than how his parents coped with things.
Darius nods and nuzzles him. ‘Very.’
Sherlock nodded. "Good."
He nods. 'Good.'
They get dried off and dress for work.
Dark raises his eyebrows, glancing to Turk before looking back to Nina. “Really now?”
He kisses and sucks on his neck.
He chuckles and nuzzles him happily.
He frowns a bit. 'I just.. I'm sorry. I suppose I'm still a bit shaken by what happened.'
Crystal sighs softly and sits, looking down at her belly.
He rocks against her.
Oh, my dear, I'll keep you in my arms tonight
He smiles as he watches, waiting for his reaction.
“This is my boyfriend Sherlock.” Jason grins. “Quite the catch.” Meeks smiles.
“I thought it could be part of my date for us.” Sherlock smiles a bit back at him.
"Mm, didn't you say you wanted to eat me out while Turk fucked you?"
“Christ, you really are going to be the death of me.” John tips his head back.
Wrapping the towel around his hips, he grabs his toothbrush and begins washing the fuzzy feeling off his teeth. He'll need to go upstairs and change, but for now, he's happy staying in the humid warmth of the bathroom while they wait for food to arrive.
Mycroft leans against John in the back seat.
'Okay.' She smiles softly.
He moans as he sucks on her nipple, gripping her hips.
Sky whimpers around him and gives him a pleading look. ‘You know I always do.’
She squeezes back and smiles excitedly.
"So good.." He moans against her.
Sherlock nods. “All thank to you.” He smiles. “When we are about to die we can... sort of... talk through the link. That’s how... why... that why Abraham didn’t kill me.” He sighs.
Sherlock hums. "Mm, alright. Everyone's attending, then?"
“Y-Yes, Daddy.” He whimpers, lips parting for him.
Brian goes and sits back with John after he gets cleaned up.
Sherlock blushes a bit, smiling softly.
He smiles softly and rubs her hand. 'That's brilliant of you.'
Sky goes into the office, closing the door behind her. “Hi.” She smiles and sits.
Mycroft's smile was friendly. "The Archambeau family has been good friends with my family for many years, and generations." He mused. "It took me a while to recognise Juliette, as the last time I saw her, she was only three." He smiles.
"Yours!" She moans loudly, bouncing on his cock like a good slut.
"Yes." Jake purrs and kissing him back as Eli smirks.
John sits back in his chair with his cheek resting on his fist. He watches Sherlock lay in his hospital bed.
He smiles and leans down to kiss his head.
Greg does the same and stands in the back of the shower, making sure there’s room between them. “How are we feeling?” He asks softly.
Sherlock blushes. "H-How long have you known?"
John reaches up for Greg to lay with him.
He moans loudly, loving all the attention.
The medical team were outside ready to take Sabine.
He groans softly. "Both. And I think I should help speed up the process." He smirks, already hard.
He groans and comes hard into him.
She hums softly and sips her tea.
Benny sits on the bed and pulls Michael into his lap after stripping off his own coat and shirt.
“Mm fine. Got a few hours of sleep.” Magdala nods and takes his arm, letting him help her down the stairs.
Margaret smiles and nods. “Very but she’s stubborn as ever.”
He blushes brightly as she kisses him.
“We’ve got it.” Sherlock says. “If we can find it or scavenge it, it’s ours. You have your gun right?” He asks.
"I love you, too. So much. Talk to me. Please." She begs and whimpers as she rubs herself over her panties.
I've seen this room and I've walked this floor (you know)
John hums softly. “Rinse.” He nuzzles him.
"Thanks." They take the card and get dressed, each kissing John before leaving.
“I know. It’s just better this way.” He leads her downstairs after he picks up his bag. He flags down a cab and gets in after her.
Mycroft is still asleep as he seeks more friction.
Chloe blushes. "Saturday? Mm it just so happens I'm free." She smiles. "I'd love to."
John smiles. "Oh, well, pleasure to meet you, Mr. Tailor."
"Soon, baby." He licks the leaking head and fucks him with three fingers.
He blushes and nods.
He whimpers and trembles.
"Who knew he could be such a cheeky slut." Lydia smirks. "That lady's man thing is just for show. He absolutely loves cock." Sherlock chuckles. "Lucky for us." Eli licks his lips.
He blushes. “What are your thoughts on it?”
Sky struggles at her chains, her wrists and ankles raw from pulling. Her belly is so full and stretched the audience can see the babies moving inside her.
He moans loudly, kissing him desperately.
He smiles softly. "Michael was right, you are gorgeous."
Sherlock turns off the lights before making sure the suite is secure. He comes back into the room and gets into bed, Rosie in the middle of him and John.
“Alright alright. We’ll just make sure you don’t catch a chill.” John helps Sherlock into the bath.
He smiles softly. 'Yeah, I could use some relaxation.' He goes to sit with them.
Sherlock nodded and waited at the bottom of the stairs for John.
"Oh fuck!" Greg nearly screams as he comes hard all over the floor.
Mycroft leans down to bite him and fucks him harder, aiming for his prostate. He moans loudly. "Fucking take it, whore. Who do you belong to?"
Mycroft nods. “Is the pregnancy as usual after that? Cravings and morning sickness and such?” He asks.
He nuzzles him and holds him close.
John whines feeling close as he rubs back against Mycroft and strokes Sherlock faster.
"Mm alright."  She takes his hand.
Sherlock moans loudly and arches as he feels him deeper. "Can't wait until Daddy can fill my cunt." He cock throbs just thinking about it.
“Can I call him? Maybe this weekend I can see him? Please, Daddy?” Rosie asks, batting her eyelashes over her big blue eyes.
“No, nothing.” John sighs and drinks his tea.
John snaps his fingers and changes the god’s into the clothes Sherlock wants.
Greg whines and moans loudly.
They fuck him harder so he’s louder.
“You’ve got to stay close to me and Sherlock. We don’t know the house and it doesn’t know us. We don’t want to get lost or stuck anywhere.” John says softly.
Sherlock mutters softly as he looks into his microscope.
He chuckles softly and kisses his head.
He laughs and hugs him back.
He smiles. "I can't wait."
Greg smiles and kisses his head.
"Of course, love.." He kisses his chest and smiles. Sherlock presses himself closer and closes his eyes.
Mycroft swallows again. “Mm...mhmm..” he sighed. “Gregory...”
“I love you, too.” Morna hums happily.
"God I love your cock."
He puts his hands on his hips, pulling him closer
“But you looked so good. It’s up to you, though. How hot and sexy you’d like to look for Mycroft?” John asks softly.
He whimpers. "Please."
Mycroft gets comfortable, resting his head on top of hers. He tangles their legs together as he closes his eyes.
He giggles and nods. “Okay, Daddy.”
Sherlock frowns and reaches for his hand.
He moans as he comes again.
“Mm. Never been one to sleep much. Especially when I nap during the day.”
He leans in and nips at her neck. “Good girl..”
She moans loudly and comes hard, squirting over his cock. She gasps and whimpers as she feel herself getting more knocked up. “Oh god. You thought of a higher number after you said ten, didn’t you?” She pants and whines.
“Here.” John unbuttons his shirt and presses Sherlock’s hands to his warm chest.
"Oh mum." Chloe starts crying and smiling.
“You’re smart, brave, and kind. More than enough.” Sherlock shrugs.
He smiles softly as he carefully gets up and goes to her room.
"Sure." She nods.
“You… you what?” Sherlock says, absolutely flabbergasted. “You left your wedding, your brand new wife, who is also pregnant, to come after me? What the fuck, John? You couldn't have sent anyone else?! It had to be you? And you stayed all night instead of calling someone else?” He blinks. “Oh… oh for fuck’s sake. You’re not actually in love with her!” he shouts.
“Mycroft’s sperm is alive and healthy.” Diōnē smiles happily.
"Sure..." Ryan held out a hand. Sherlock took it and tugged him to the dance floor along with John.
He bites his lip and nods.
He bites his lip. "I.. W-Will you.. ah.."
“Good picks.” He smiles.
“If I’m beautiful then you’re fucking breathtaking.” John kisses Sherlock’s full lips.
She kisses his thighs as she stretches him, adding a second finger.
Sherlock blushes as he goes over to Cecil and Mycroft.
"Ah. So who won the pool?"
"I can't but I will. For a while at least. It's just, God Sherlock. You got shot and I couldn't do anything to stop it."
Sherlock grins as he takes his shot, the others following.
John moans breathily, face pressed to Sherlock's shoulder.
“Oh,” Sherlock breaths. “Is she okay? Shouldn’t we check on her?”
"You're perfect." He hums happily.
“Mm they’re born and they grow up. They grow a lot quicker since they’re gods. So about a week passes from baby to them being an adult.” Morna kisses him back gently. “I really do. I love it.”
He blushes a bit as he straddles them, kissing them deeply.
‘Of course, Love.’
He blushes and whimpers. “Wanna be a good boy. A good slut.”
“It’s okay. It’s gone now. Healthier than I’ve ever been. Actually have more muscle now than ever before.” He chuckles.
John shakes his head. “It’s okay. I promise. I asked for it.” He winks.
John starts on Morna, taking away babies until she’s a size he knows she most comfortable with.
"Fuck me, Daddy. Get me pregnant. Please please." She begs.
He cuddles him and rubs his back.
Riley slips out of the room, walking around the suite wondering if anyone was still awake.
“I never wanted to hurt you, honey. I just.. To be the partner that you deserve I need to get some help for myself, okay?”
"What do you want to do today?" She smiles.
"Love you, too." He smiles and kisses him.
He smiles and moves to sit next to her.
John smiles. “What would you like to do today? I was thinking about going into the park and walking in the shade a bit.” He suggests.
“Mm mind if I suck you?” Mycroft mumbles and kisses along his jaw.
Mel mewls and lets Violet take what she needs.
He blushes. "Daddy.."
Molly smiles. "I love you."
"Let's go nap, yeah?"
Sherlock nods. “He’s always cared for me, my Sire. More than he has for anyone else.” Sherlock explains. “I think... I was there for him, during... that time. And he wants to give back to me... I think.” He frowns before knocking back the drink. “I’m sorry ma’am, I’m sure you don’t want to listen to me.”
He moans loudly as he stills, coming hard from the vibrations.
The man groans as he fucks her mercilessly.
He nuzzles him back and smiles shyly.
Sky gets a strike and smiles happily.
“I did.” Irene nods.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
"Mm." Greg nods and sips his coffee. "Ah perfect." He smiles.
Sherlock finishes his tea and looks up at Greg. "Could I have some more, Sir?"
He smiles and nuzzles him.
Sky moans and arches, loving being used.
"Yup. I learned my breathing techniques from you when you learned them." She smiles.
He whimpers and suckles from her as he pounds into Carol, leaking heavily.
"He likes humiliation and being watched, I don't see why not."
He moans breathily as he rocks against John’s lap.
“You’ll love it. What is your favorite meal ever?” John asks.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“I’ll go get him,” Theodora says, happy for the chance to disappear before her family demanded to see her bond bite.
Sherlock grips his hips and starts thrusting into him.
Sky nuzzles Sherlock’s cock, and raises her hails for Jason.
He groans softly, kissing him back needy.
"Nope."
“I think so.” Morna smiles and massages Sherlock’s belly gently.
He relaxes, stretching a bit.
Leona moans and pulls at Dominic’s hair. “Yes. Yes!”
He nods. "Thank you. I won't."
‘Reminds me of home..’ He hums quietly.
He smiles happily.
“You come here often?” He grins.
John blinks and blushes before grinning. “Sherlock Holmes, is that a proposal?”
"Yes. That's why she took over your business because it was dangerous for Greg and in turn a danger to Mycroft. She didn't do it incase you screwed up. She would have found some way to take it either way." She frowns.
He nods, pressing another kiss to his chest.
'I'm so wet. I've soaked through these panties ages ago. My cunt is throbbing so hard with need.' She whines, hips rocking.
“Anything. Anything you want.” Sherlock licks at his neck as he finishes.
He deepens the kiss.
He blushes, standing and getting shot by Jean just as Michael gets shot by Jake.
John moans as he swallows everything.
“Thank you, John..”
He groans and comes hard into him.
Michael's eyes widen and he takes a step back, feeling scared.
Morna moans and trembles, a wet spot growing under her on the bed.
He blushes brighter and nods, his cock leaking.
Sherlock blushes hard and mewls.
They walk around and look at everything.
He nods and follows Greg up to a bedroom.
I can’t. I gave it to Mycroft. He asked for it, so I gave it to him. I can’t disrespect what he’s asked me to do. He’s my sire. -SH
He grumbles about eating at first but nods.
"Keep an eye on that one. He's tricky but he seems to really like you so hopefully he won't give you to much trouble." George smiles.
"Where do you want it? In your pretty mouth?" He smears the leaking head of his cock over his lips. "Or your tight arse?"
“My mother rules with an iron fist.” Sherlock sighs and nods. “She’ll have plenty to say about how I let you act.” He rolls his eyes.
He pulls out of her slowly.
"I love you.."
He smiles and leans against him.
Keep soaring,
"Jesus, you're soaked." John mumbles, Turk's face pressed to his chest.
John chuckles. “You assume correct.” He pulls Sherlock down into a searing kiss.
“Mm not tough but definitely hard. I like to work for it. Makes the finish all the better.” Mycroft hums.
He spreads his legs for her, whimpering.
Greg turns the cunt one up past half way, hoping that she would both be able to feel it, as well as be talking to someone.
Collin holds his jaw and kisses him deeply.
"Mm no. I got parts about how hospital doctors are stupid and then Sherlock was really happy. What did she say exactly?" He signs.
"Need something?" He smirks, running his hands over Sherlock's back.
He moans and puts his hands on Collin's chest, using it for leverage.
She pours them tea. “Matthias and I are going to go on a trip for a few days. Maybe a week.”
He leans in to kiss her. “Thank you.”
“I understand that, Mycroft! He’s your brother and you have to protect him BUT YOU HAVEN’T SLEPT IN TWO DAYS! You don’t stand a chance of doing anything for him if you can’t function for yourself!” Greg yells.
“I’ll have my receipt now,” Sherlock growled.
He nods. 'Good.. Thank you..'
He moans whorishly. "Yes! Fuck, me sir!"
"Mm such a shame but Mycroft Lestrade just rolls off the tongue. Sounds like the name of a sex God really." Greg moves closer still.
Michael hums as he takes a sip.
“Myc.” Cecil nuzzles Mycroft.
He growls as he trusts harder into her.
He smiles and kisses him softly. "I love you.."
Using his free hand Jim pulls the boot open. Then in one swift movement, he grabs Sherlock's shoulders and sends his knee straight into Sherlock's balls. Sherlock falls forward, just as intended, and it's easy for him to bend down and scoop up the other Alpha's legs. Once he has the pained man in the boot he reaches for a bag of zip ties.
She holds onto him and presses her face to his chest. "Thank you, Crofty.. For everything.." Her voice shakes a bit.
John chuckles. "Like that?" He murmurs.
“You’re going to the states?” He perks up.
“Good boy.” She kisses Greg tenderly.
Lydia whimpers and puts her arse in the air as she sucks John.
He smiles and picks up Greg, carrying him to one of the larger bathrooms.
"Yes I did. The information they contained is not relevant at this point in time." Sky frowns a bit.
“Mm 1.” Crystal nods.
"I can't explain it. But I know that I love you. No matter what."
Sherlock collapses into John’s chest.
She smiles softly at him as he comes in. ‘Okay?’ She asks, knowing Mycroft talked to him about going home.
“Do you have time before you have to go, Daddy?”
She holds him and hums softly.
Jason kisses his neck and stills, letting him get used to his size.
"2 am."
“Did I miss anything noteworthy?”
He resists the urge to buck his hips, lifting his head to watch him and moaning breathily. "Perfect.. So good, Cecil.."
Sherlock?
John scoops up Giselle.
Sherlock blushes and nods. "Yes, sir." He goes out to the hot tub to find Jake and Zack.
Crystal growls. “Fuck.”
Anthea sighs in relief and leans into Mycroft’s side. “You’re the only family I’ve ever had, I can’t lose you.”
“Of course.” Eli kisses him deeply.
Greg whimpers, his cock leaking into Mycroft’s hand. “You’re so good. I love it.”
He hums and smells everything. "Mm.. Curry?"
"I've never been here before."
“Yes!” She cries out and moans loudly, thrifts trembling as he rubs her g spot over and over.
Daniel smiles and claps as they park.
He growls as he comes hard into her.
She hums and nods, eyes slipping closed as she relaxes. “Mm can someone plug me before I leak cum everywhere?”
"I love you more." John kisses him once more. He gets is things together.
He blushes. "To me?"
“Yeah.” She licks her lips and nods.
“Hello. I’m here to pick up my son Jared.” He smiles and shows her the wrist band they put on him when he dropped Jared off for security purposes.
His eyes widen. "How?"
He flinched as the needle goes in. He watches it fills up with blood. “Talk to me. Explain this whole thing to me.” He says calmly, knowing if Sherlock can focus on something else he can relax.
"Locky, what are you doing?" Sky hums as she watches Sherlock try and train Maximus to sit on command.
He moans softly against his lips. "You really should just be naked 99% of the time.." He gropes Mycroft's bum.
Sabine bites her lip, looking at Irene, before looking back to Linda. "I...I'll walk."
"You'd let some bloke come in and fuck you? Such a naughty slut." He smirks and marks her neck, thrusting up into her.
“Hey! You won!” Clark grins.
"Mm celebrating the firing of a homophobic tyrant."
“I think so. He’d never do anything to hurt me. He’d die first. He has died for me. A few times. He didn’t know.”
Leona smiles. “Thank you, but I just wanted to make you proud. Proud of all witches. May I ask a questions?”
Michael blushes a bit as he listens. "I.. Wow.."
"I love you.." He mutters softly.
"Good boy.." He smirks and drinks his coffee.
He starts to thrust into her, holding her hips.
“Mm hopefully I’m not making him uncomfortable. Maybe I’ll cool it a bit.”
"What's going on?" Anthea asks as she follows Mycroft immediately.
“Come. Come and we’ll fill you. Come like a good boy.”
He hums and snuggles him.
"I love you, too.." He mumbles against his lips.
He curses softly.
“Maybe you pick who gets to fuck me? That way it’s not a total free for all for my holes.” She mumbles.
"Mm is that so?" John smiles.
He smiles and cuddles him.
"No wonder she doesn't want to come home with me. You've made her a bloody palace." John says, spinning slowly to take in a child's dream room.
He smiles a bit and kisses him back.
Violet purrs as she looks the man over.
He presses a kiss to his chest.
She whines softly at the emptiness.
He blushes and mewls softly against his lips.
“Oh.” Issa nods. “Neither are we.” Morgan laughs.
Morgan moans around him and swallows around him. Issac squeezes George’s arse as he bottoms out in him.
“As of now, that’s unknown. I’m hoping we can gather information at the group meetings.”
He gasps, squirming a bit. “P-Please, they had my son.. I had to..”
“Tomorrow?” Margaret suggests.
She frowns a bit but nods.
He gasps and moans breathily. "Yes, mistress. I'll be a good boy for you."
He holds his hips, moving a bit harder and faster.
"We'll save him some." Benny smiles as he come and sits, Sky smiles as he kisses her cheek and rubs her belly.
“You will be, baby. Soon. Daddy’s make sure of it. They’ll hook you up to fucking machines so you can be used and milked for your cum.”
He frowns. “She’s got a plan, I know she does. She said she’d get out as soon as she could.”
John smiles and leads him to the Ferris wheel.
She frowns a bit.
He kisses him back.
"Christ you're getting wetter.. Fuck, you feel so good around me." He grips her hips tightly.
I don't wanna play it
"I wouldn't have wanted you to get hurt at all on my behalf.."
Once they get into the office, Mycroft sits Camille down. “Spiked or unspiked?” He asks as he pulls out two glasses.
"Mm it's good." He smiles.
Sherlock cries out, the blissing filling him just as much as the come does. He struggles as he climbs out of the pool, laying on the tiles, his belly protruding almost impossibly out from his body.
John blinks and looks around the spacious cabin. He sits and melts into the plush chair. “No I haven’t. Technically I’ve only ever flown on military crafts.” He chuckles and smiles, a bit excited. He’d always loved flying but now he can enjoy it without the fear of being shot out of the sky.
Sherlock giggled again and clumsily raised an arm. "Baker Street..." He slurred. "221..."
He smiles fondly at her. "Can I kiss you?"
He smiles and rolls out of bed, getting dressed again.
He chuckles and smiles, helping Sherlock strip so he can put on the costume.
He moans, arching. "God, yes.."
**Was She really that good?—SH**
He bites his lip, almost afraid to ask for more.
“I know.” Crystal nods. “This isn’t my first relationship with a person of the same sex. Or my first with multiple people.” She laughs softly.
He smirks and grips her hips tightly, slamming into her. "God, I wish I could fuck all of your holes at once. Stuff you like the god damn whore you are. You'd like that, wouldn't you? Being stuffed with cock. In your arse, your cunt, and your mouth. Maybe even more than one in your cunt or arse. Fuck, you'd look so pretty. It doesn't even have to be just me. I'd love to watch someone fuck you. Use you. Maybe a group of people. I could sit back and watch them play with my little toy."
“Okay.” She smiles and nods, feeling better.
Mycroft whimpers. He hasn't let himself be touched by another person in years. "I ... I need..." He breathed. "God, it feels good." He seemed to be reduced to religious epithets when with Greg, something he didn't normally do.
Sky makes popcorn and puts on a movie for them to watch.
“Cuddle me?” Crystal mewls softly, cum starting to leak out of her.
"She's pregnant?" James grins.
Collin puts a cock ring on him as Greg pulls out, John pushing in to him.
He blushes and smiles shyly.
"Such a good boy.. Do you want Daddy's come?"
"Don't.. It's Sebastian.. Let it go to voice mail."
He moans and starts to thrust into her, drinking from her.
"I need it. I need your cock. Please, Daddy." He whines, grinding his arse back against his cock.
"Oh look at that." John smiles.
Mycroft smirks and strokes him slowly. "Mm.. Yes, pet?"
"I.. Fuck.." He blushes brightly.
“She wanted to do a thinning.”
"We'll take you to a place where they'll use you like the slut you are."
"It was amazing. Mycroft said you played the best Hamlet he's ever seen." She smiles happily.
Sherlock wake in the hospital and John is of course by his side. Greg and Mycroft have sex after Mycroft breaks down after not being able to protect Sherlock better. Greg fucks Mycroft.
Mycroft nods. “Our parents were... absent, so I practically brought him up.” He explains softly. He eyes travel her body, and he bites his lip harder.
"Need both of you.' she decides "On your knees love."
Greg hums happily and floats.
"It's wonderful. You are stunning."
He smiles softly as he leaves.
“Awesome.” She grins.
Mycroft stirs slightly as he hear the phone.
He nods, moving closer to her. 'I know.'
"Yup." She nods and holds onto him.
She blushes, tipping back into it.
Greg gets kidnapped and John saves the day.
Pythia raises a brow. “Witches have no stake in this yet. Not until you’re found here.”
He smiles happily.
John follows, quietly.
She whimpers and bares her neck for him. "Yes, please. Fill me with everything. Please."
He kisses him back and plugs him. "Such a good boy for Daddy." He praises and nuzzles him.
John nods. “Congratulations, you’re the second ever God to get someone pregnant.” He smiles.
"Cold...gross." Sherlock replied, stripping. He wobbled.
“Ummm that depends.” Kia hums as she pets the bunny. “You wanna know how old I really am? Like when I was born? Or how old you see me as?”
He pulls out his finger and pushes in a second.
Greg pulls Mycroft close and kisses him softly. “Easy, My.”
“Mm alright.” He nips at his neck gently.
"Never!" He doesn't stop his tickling he only doubles his efforts and holds him down single handily.
He chews his lip and nods, part of him now feeling guilty and a bit shameful for getting excited during Calvin’s dance.
He leads her to the bathroom, turning on the bath.
“Would snogging in your old room be more or less dirty?” He nuzzles him.
"That's incredible, My.. She's so strong to have held it in her hand and just give it to you. She must trust you so much." He kisses his head.
She turns off the shower and they get out to dry off.
“Sherlock. Yes.” Jake groans. “You heard him. Come in.” Zack smirks.
He gasps and kissed him back deeply.
“John.” Margaret moans, rocking her hips slowly.
Carol smiles happily and steals a kiss before going to the shady seat out of the pathway to feed Cara.
"Good." Jason smiles.
"Mm yes you are.." John smiles back at him.
“Anyway, sorry about that. I was trying to say, I’ve always thought you were incredible. And I don’t know how I got so lucky to meet you that day, but I have wanted to tell you for the longest time and I wasn’t brave enough. I didn’t think I was good enough. But I have to say, I was insanely jealous that you were going to be having this date with some other guy,” John admitted, as he took another mouthful of food in.
He moans, arching up. “M-Mikey! Fuck!”
He smiles happily.
“That’s what you get for flipping him off.” John chuckles, continuing to walk and ignoring the car
John frowns and shakes his head. "I'm fine. Just need a cup of tea and I'll be right as rain." John manages a weak smile.
*Thank you, Anthea. -MH* he looks up from the phone and sighs, trying to ignore the sick feeling churning in his stomach.
“Tell me.” John sits in his chair, sipping his tea.
The men start to pound into her, kissing each other while they do.
“C-Can’t s-stand-d. H-he-e c-c-cut me-e.” Sherlock stammers, trembling.
He moans, his hips still rocking. "Fuck."
The next morning, Sherlock stepped off the train at Cardiff Central Station with an overnight bag in his left hand.
"The one with all the baby stuff to surprise the others."
“Well if something’s hurting, maybe I need to up your pain meds,” John teases.
'Hands and knees. And keep quiet.'
"How long can we stay in here?"
“Do what?” He frowns.
He blushes and smiles.
Mycroft chuckles softly and gets Sherlock ready for bed.
He smiles softly and goes to the bedroom. "Careful. You two are still healing!" Lydia calls out.
"She was.. So very very brilliant." Turk smiles, rubbing his hand.
He blushes and smiles shyly, ducking his head.
He moans as he gets close. “Sir, can I come? Am I allowed to come tonight?”
"Good boy. So good." He praises. "One more. You can do it. Again."
"Y-you." He moans and pushes back against his finger.
He adds a third finger, thrusting roughly.
“God your cunt takes so much..”
Sherlock gasps and rocks his hips. "H-Huge.. 10 inches when he's soft."
John groans and blushes. "Y-Yeah."
"Mm.. Next time." He rubs his arse. "Last one." He brings his hand down for one last hard spank.
"Sky could erase their memory of it goes badly." Sherlock mumbles. "No, bee." Mycroft shakes his head.
He blushes and nods shyly.
He blushes and hums, taking a forkful of cake and feeding it to Jake.
“I try.” Dominic chuckles.
“Good.” John smiles. “Now call that DI and tell him you’re ready for cold cases. I’ll call the landlady and tell her she can come back whenever she likes.”
He growls and starts to thrust roughly. "Fuck.. So good."
“Maybe he’ll be generous enough to let you eat a load.” He groans as he pulls out of her.
He whimpers and moans as he grinds against him. "Greg.."
He blushes and leans in to kiss him. "Mm, I heard you're hung." He smirks, raising a brow.
He hums back. "John you'll have a sandwich right?"
"Yes you are. You're always good enough. Most of the time I think you're far to good to be true."
"Good boy." He tugs at his hair as he sucks marks into his neck.
He snaps his hips, getting close to coming.
Morna blushes and nods, moaning as her belly expands even more.
“Johnnnnn.” Sherlock moans, feeling every fat inch of John’s cock fill him.
He deepens the kiss with a small moan. Sherlock looks up at them and pouts, starting to get jealous. He sits up and moves to kiss Greg's neck.
“We can have a nice bath after, hm? Let off some tension and then relax.”
Carol moans and comes hard around him, cunt sucking his cum deep. Collin groans and comes hard into James.
Greg smiles happily and follows him.
Greg changes into his pajamas before going around to make sure the flat is locked up. He pulls down the covers on the bed and gets in on his side.
Greg goes over to John while Sherlock is busy with his violin. "You should go home and relax, John. Get some fresh air. You can relax with Mycroft as he lazes about.." Greg signs and smirks.
Sky smiles and kisses Tucker before going to play with Chloe. “Hello, Gorgeous.” She kisses Chloe as she gets onto the bed with her.
They kiss him back, smiling as they watch him leave.
“Boys! Mummy is busy!” Violet scolds but moans and pushes her hips back for more.
“I love you, too.” She giggles. “I can carry multiple pregnancies at once.”
“Compensating.” Sherlock snorts and smirks.
"Oh Hank," Joann curls up and presses herself into his arms. "He tried to... and got angry when he couldn't get me pregnant."
“I haven’t skinny dipped in years.” He blushes. “Mm alright.” He chuckles and strips before diving in, swimming to Sherlock.
“Mm shall I get one of my toys and fuck you properly, baby?” Margaret nips at his neck.
Jennifer hesitates before taking the pin out.
Greg smiles and hugs Margaret softly. “Thank you. It’s so helpful knowing that people like me for me.”
She blushes and smiles. "Thank you."
‘So far, yes. I’ll have to see how I feel about the people.’
He moans and sucks her tongue. “You’re perfect. So perfect.”
“Can we trust this friend?” She bites her lip, not wanting to have to run again.
She mewls and melts, holding onto him as she rocks with him.
John pulls away when the door open and drags Sherlock out to their room.
Sky smiles and makes pancakes for Zack and Michael.
"How was that?" Benjamin asks before teasing, "I can assure you I'm just as good in bed."
"Mm?"
“John, there’s no one actually at lock up, because of all the sending cuts, someone checks it once a week.” Greg shrugs.
“Good?” John asks.
She nods, face pressed to his shoulder as she finally stops playing.
“But that’s what this is, John! Whether you want to admit it or not! You
And if there is anything worse than disappointing or hurting John, it is this. A goodbye, an abandonment, He feels like he’s falling through ice water, falling falling falling, but anything he does, no matter how much he’s kicking, his hands scrambling towards the surface, he continues to sink like deadweight. A lone figure falling in a vast ocean, with nothing else in sight, desperately reaching for something so out of his reach. It feels like he’s grasping for something, trying to reach the surface, but he’s not being allowed to get what he wants – what he needs – and it is
Sherlock’s departure would be the one day England would be granted with clear, cloudless, blue skies. Beauty was always the best mask for tragedy. It was only Mycroft’s exclamations that finally brought John out of his reverie.
better. He should have stopped the minute he realized she was getting more riled up than normal. What kind of fucking doctor is he? What kind of selfish, moronic, stupid –
They lose the baby.
She’s going to need him now more than ever. Hell, they’re going to need
And god, Sherlock did not want to be
And then he sees
“This doesn’t mean he’s left, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson says before handing the phone back to him.
Sherlock, whether you want to acknowledge it or not. To you it may be a way to ‘
That day was three weeks ago. And ever since then he has been holed up in his flat, not answering any messages or any calls, getting high on drugs day in and day out. He wonders, sadly, how his life had managed to become this.
Sherlock swallows after he takes his phone back and places it face down on the armrest. “It’s the only thing that he could possibly mean. If he had planned on coming back he would have said so in the message. But there was nothing, no indication of plans of coming back. There was nothing except that. He knew I would be waiting for him to come back to Baker Street, so he would have mentioned if he was a little delayed or when he was coming so that I would know when to expect him. But he didn’t. So…” Sherlock waved his hand in a gesture of
Because it really is never this simple. At least when it comes to Sherlock. There was always a catch, there was always
He stands up shakily, his phantom legs bearing the brunt of his weight. He walks towards the kitchen, trying to get away from Mrs. Hudson’s sad eyes.
Sherlock spends most of his time with Lestrade, trying desperately to follow leads, even on cases that Lestrade isn’t helming. When he’s not with Lestrade, he’s with Molly, meticulously examining body after body, trying to see if there is anything, however minute it may be, that could lead them to Moriarty. A suspicious death, a callback to a case – perhaps a death by clostridium botulinum just like how Connie Prince died so many years ago during that case that John so cheekily dubbed ‘The Great Game’ on his blog.
Sherlock blinks up at Mycroft, his eyes wide, woeful, and so very, very sad. “I don’t want to play this game, Mycroft.”
choosing him! You want to spend every minute by his side! For Christ’s sake, John, you didn’t see him for a
and we have a child coming. Figure out your priorities, John. You have an obligation,” she spat.
When he had first approached Lestrade after his return, the man had smiled cheerily, if a little anxious, clapping him on the back and expressing his happiness at Sherlock’s return. Molly had gripped his hands inside her own petite ones, smiling softly at him and saying quietly, but resolutely, that she was glad he had abandoned Mycroft’s mission to come back and teasing him slightly that he was England’s knight in shining armour. He had smiled back, because what else could he do, but as he left he saw her soft smile turn into a concerned frown, a slight furrow in her eyebrows that indicated she thought something wasn’t entirely right.
Sherlock nods once. “Promise.” He casts his eyes back down to his lap, his phone lying forgotten in front of him.
“What you’re about to see is classified
“Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson asks, “Are you alright?”
He finds himself staring at the door to her flat for a few beats, relishing her silhouette through the obscure glass on her door. He has missed her terribly. When she disappears from view he starts his journey up the seventeen steps to his flat.
She ripped it out of his reach. “
Stress, the doctors had said. Overexertion. Over-exhaustion. Put too much strain on the baby.
“I need to look after him,” John replies simply.
“And why on earth not?”
“How kind of you to say.”
“Just like that.”
Mary grabbed a hold of his arm, stopping him in his tracks. “Yes you are.
And Sherlock drowns, and drowns, and drowns, and drowns.
are you still in bed, Sherlock? What are you doing?” Mycroft asked hardly, a tone of desperation underlying his words.
“On England’s word.”
By the time he gets back to Baker Street, it’s late enough that John should already be back. As he enters he catches Mrs. Hudson hanging up her coat, her hands shaking. He can smell Molly’s perfume on her and the beer that Lestrade likes, so she must’ve met up with them after Moriarty’s broadcast. Sherlock only now realizes that she wasn’t home when John, Mary, and he arrived earlier that day.
Mycroft feels a pang in his chest. He thinks it may be sorrow. Or maybe it is sadness. “No, I imagine you do not.”
,” John squawked, “how the
his mind.
He watches her dazedly as she takes a look around the room, clocking the cold food on the table then the blood stains on Sherlock’s violin where it slipped towards the floor as Sherlock slept before finally resting on Sherlock’s blood-crusted fingertips. She takes a seat in John’s armchair.
He says, “I’m scared.”
“Sorry, I’m not doing this,” John threw his hands up, ready to turn away and march upstairs to prepare for his return to Baker Street.
“Yeah, he was. Unlucky git. We don’t know who had him, though. No trace left.”
He needs to get ahold of himself. He needs to be there for Mary. He needs to do the right thing – he needs to choose his wife.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Not Moriarty. Moriarty is dead.”
“I’m bleeding.”
Time seems to be a fiction after that. The days start blurring into one. When Sherlock is not getting visits from Mycroft, he’s solving case after case after case, trying desperately to find a loose thread to grip on that he can follow and soon unravel.
He stands straighter. “Right, well,” he turns to face Mary, who he sees is watching them in a steady, unwavering gaze, “I’m going to stay with Sherlock for a while.”
The jolt back down into armchair sends wakes Sherlock back up from his daze. He finds his phone still grasped in his hand, screen bright, a message open.
before looking up at him and turning the phone around to show the screen to Sherlock. He turns his face away slightly, not wanting to see the message again.
Lestrade put his hand on the doorknob and pushed it open, and the first thing Sherlock’s senses picked up was the smell of blood. So much of it. There was such a metallic twang in the air that Sherlock could taste it in the back of his throat. It made his eyes and sinuses sting.
But then John had said that he would stay. And that he would have done so anyway even though Mycroft had asked, and Sherlock’s heart had skipped a beat before widely thumping inside his chest so fast that he thought his ribs were going to crack under the pressure. He wasn’t going to leave, and he was going to come back that very same day. He didn’t push Sherlock to make a choice. He wasn’t going back home to cool off. He was coming back to
be, he finds himself, more often than not, to be screaming.
“There are other more pressing issues to focus on, John. Focus on those,” Sherlock says hardly.
Whoever this is, it isn’t Moriarty. But despite his conviction, he knows that Moriarty will always be there, deep in the recesses of his mind, chained and rankled, but still very much alive, even if his physical form is dead. A spirit in the mind is an entity that can never die, and what a tragedy there is in that. Moriarty’s memory is a ghost that will haunt him until the day he finally makes his appointment.
Sherlock scoffs and rolls his eyes before looking back at his phone. John sniffs, suddenly feeling the latent rage he experienced on the plane rising to the surface again at Sherlock’s blatant dismissal, quelled temporarily by happiness at the news of Sherlock’s permanent return. “Sherlock –”
John remembers Mary mentioning off-handedly during their honeymoon that she had felt upstaged by Sherlock at their wedding. It was meant to be a joke, but John remembers feeling a little uneasy after she said it. He knows that jokes always have an underlying element of truth woven into their words.
were you
them.
It is sick and ugly and perverse. And it is the mark of the one of the worst kinds of evil.
after the wedding and you were grieving like a bloody loon!”
win.”
After setting the table, Sherlock takes his violin, running his hands over it for a few seconds, relishing the feeling and familiar weight of the instrument in his hands. He sits down on his armchair, placing his phone on the armrest in clear view so Sherlock doesn’t miss John’s message.
He was going to help him, stand by his side because he thought Sherlock needed him. Mary had not been too happy about that, but in that moment Sherlock was just so happy that John had decided to stay that he couldn’t find it within himself to care.
He swerves in a dramatic flair that would put even Sherlock’s theatrics to shame, “What the
Sherlock is staring at him, something pained in his eyes. His mouth opens and closes, as if he doesn’t know what to say next. John continues to pin his blazing stare at him.
“What are you going to do now?” She asks softly.
She’s
“Well then,” Lady Smallwood looked at Sherlock, “that’s it. You’re off the hook, Mr. Holmes. You’re home and dry.”
Sherlock is blinking rapidly again, but he nods slowly and looks back down to his lap where his hands are now twiddling together as if he doesn’t know what to do with them. Mary, however –
Mary made a move to move away again, her voice finally reaching a loud, angry rumble as she spat out ‘
Mycroft watches as Sherlock bunches up his blanket further in his fists, twisting it harshly in his hands, and he is hit with a sharp twinge of sympathy. He looks at Sherlock, and he sees his little brother as a small child, in his bed, afraid and terrified, and Mycroft knows, deep down in the chambers of his chest where his heart is kept in lock and key, that his little brother does not deserve this. He remembers a teenager and a little boy sitting in a bedroom, still young and wide-eyed and untarnished by the world, and he wonders when it had all gone so wrong.
. Things are rarely simple. Simplicity paved the way for deception. It can lead into a fall sense of security. And if this is going to be taken away from him, this
Most of the time Sherlock doesn’t reply. How can he? It’s a painful reminder of what he has lost. John leaving empty mugs around stirring his nostalgia, the painful awareness that John is out there somewhere, sitting at home with his pregnant wife, consciously choosing
And god, John can’t help himself. He
He blinks to get rid of the light in his eyes, black spots now dancing in his vision. Through the fabric of his trousers, he feels his phone, and shakily takes it out.
He couldn’t say anything because he knew she was right.
Mary is
Seeing the plane flying like a bird against the blue sky, getting farther away, meant seeing the distance between him and Sherlock. A distance that John believed would never be closed. And yet he remembers not being able to look away, wanting to drink in the last vestiges of Sherlock he could, even though it wasn’t him John was seeing, knowing that he was on the plane was enough. He remembers thinking that of course,
John was struck silent. He was confronted with the realization that what Mary said was, in fact, undoubtedly true. Every argument – every
He hears a tapping behind him. John. Sherlock can tell that he’s drumming his fingers against the metal lining of the table he’s leaning against. Soft tapping but in an irregular pattern. John is anxiously waiting as well. He can hear Mary’s quieter breaths a bit farther away. But he cannot bear to glance back, to lock eyes with John and seek his support, to glean strength from him, when he knows that despite the relief he will find in John’s eyes, it will be veiled by a disappointment.
to be with him by his side as he swore to do. And most of all, talking to Mary just provides Sherlock with an acute awareness that he is talking to the woman John has chosen to be with, that he is with her every waking moment, that she gets to see him, when he cannot.
“Extraordinary,” Lady Smallwood mused. “How did you do it?”
you neglect your responsibility in this mess. How
Getting Mary to A&E was an exercise in discipline like John had never experienced. If he had to be honest with himself, he can barely remember what happened after Mary had said she was bleeding until the moment the doctors came out and told him that the baby –
So he shuts his eyes once again, letting his phone drop on the kitchen table, and he takes a deep breath.
“Yes, I know. You said. I meant whoever was behind the video.”
whoever was behind that video, Mycroft. It’ll take a fool not to see it.
In a house, a long time ago, a little boy tells his brother a story.
For some reason, impossible seems to be a word that doesn’t exist in Sherlock’s world. A resurrection. A dramatic return. Seemingly fantastical possibilities that have turned concrete. Real. Miracles that appear to be nothing but a fiction, nothing but the quiet dwellings of the mind, the silent yearning of the heart. And yet –
“I don’t really feel like dealing with you today, Mycroft. If you could just leave, that’d be lovely,” Sherlock replied, narrowed eyes set in place.
Sherlock knows that John probably wasn’t even aware of the look he was giving, but he resents the looks nonetheless.
John noted the tone her voice took when she said ‘best friends.’ He wasn’t sure what to make of it. “What are you implying Mary,” he recited in a flat voice.
“So that’s it, then?” Mary says forcefully, her face back in a sneer, “You’re throwing that in my face. You’re choosing him over your baby? Over your
“You had an obligation to be honest with me when we married each other,” John retaliated. Mary took a step back, her face pained but her eyes still blazing. It’s the first time he’s brought up The Issue since Christmas Day at the Holmes residence. It is also, truly, the first time he has had such a severe argument with Mary since the day he found out she was lying to him. They had mutually, through a silent, unspoken agreement, decided to ignore The Issue as much as possible. Avoidance was supposed to make things easier. And it did, but only for a little while. Only until today.
In the silence of the flat, under the illumination of the ceiling light, Sherlock is struck with how utterly empty the flat is. The dust, still present, is floating in the air, little specks of it highlighted by the minimal light in the room. Apart from the kitchen light, the flat is drenched in darkness. Sherlock feels a cold pang wrap his heart in a vice-like grip. After his return and before Christmas Day, Sherlock had made a habit of turning on all lights in the flat, telling himself that he likes the bright illumination. In the silence and darkness of the flat now, he realizes that he did it to stop feeling lonely.
“Work is the best antidote to sorrow, Mrs. Hudson,” he whispers back, his eyes sliding to lock onto hers, “I think I have to get on with it.” She nods at him once. She knows what he means. Moriarty. At least it has the added bonus of keeping the withdrawal in the back of his mind, keeping his brain occupied even though his body is tearing itself to shreds. She claps her hands together.
Sherlock moves towards the cupboard where he knows John left behind a few bed sheets, and sets about making the bed. He dusts the room afterwards, knowing that even though he thinks dust is elegant, John doesn’t share his opinion. He turns the heater on, knowing fully well that John likes sleeping in a warm room, and goes out to get the takeaway. He stops at the small Tesco’s on the way back, picking up milk, tea, bread, jam, eggs, and beans – enough for a nice breakfast tomorrow.
tell me to bloody
“You swear that I will get to keep my freedom?”
He glances to the side and sees Sherlock leaning against the car door, typing quickly on his phone, utterly consumed with whatever task he’s doing. Mary sits between them, sequestered in the middle, her baby bump a prominent swell. London passes swiftly as they make their way back to Baker Street.
“Then you have no reason to be here.”
Some people get a certain twisted pleasure from torment, Sherlock thinks, as he floats in his bed, the high of cocaine coursing through his body. It’s not like the kind of pleasure one gets from sitting down with a nice meal, or even a post-case high.
John remembers finding out Mary’s secret because she had shot Sherlock. He had found out because of Sherlock.
Mycroft purses his lips as he watches Sherlock’s eyes dart to the syringes on the bedside table, his fingers fluttering against the sheets rumpled on his lap. “Don’t,” he warns hardly. Sherlock moans.
that very feeling that is the worst of all.
Sherlock steeples his hands underneath his chin, closes his eyes, and ponders –
Sometimes, though, Sherlock replies.
“John.”
Mary’s eyes are hard and cold, and he knows that the minute they get home they’re going to end up having a blazing row. He should look away from her, but he refuses to be the first one to relent, because even though it sounds stupid, it would feel a little like admitting defeat.
“There is no catch, Mr. Holmes,” Sir Edwin responded swiftly. “We need you to take care of this problem, and in payment for your service we have decided to grant you your freedom.”
Sherlock bites his lip as he feels the pain from his chest spread into a stinging behind his eyes. “I need to go, Mrs. Hudson. John’s going to be staying for awhile so I just bought some stuff for the flat.”
He still cannot believe it. Cannot fathom that this is real. That his quiet plea, his unspoken, silent wish for Sherlock’s plane to return had actually been granted.
After a while (minutes, hours?), Sherlock lets his phone drop from his hands, the object thumping as it lands on the rug underneath his chair. He picks up his violin and plucks at the strings until morning.
There, right in front of him, lying on top an ocean of spilled blood, was a short and stocky body of a man with silver-ash hair facing away from him.
Sherlock seldom goes up there for that very reason. It was painful enough seeing John’s empty armchair. Sherlock had only ever sat in it once after he came back – after the wedding. He had gotten home, taken one look at the empty chair, the draft from the upstairs bedroom seemingly pushing him forward, and he had collapsed into it. He curled up in John’s chair, tucking his coat around him like a cocoon, and had stayed there curled up all night. He did not sleep. He got rid of it the morning after.
“I’ll see you later, yeah?” Sherlock nods his head in a silent answer. He is fiddling with his phone again. His foot has begun tapping incessantly against the rug. There is a sheen of sweat across his forehead. The withdrawal has started to kick in, John realizes. It makes leaving much harder, but he knows he must lest he wants to incur more of Mary’s anger. Best to get it quick and over with, like a band-aid. John winces at the thought.
John made a move to argue back, but Mary’s face had twisted at the end of her tirade. A sharp grimace graced her heaving red face. She put a hand to her stomach and another to brace herself against the wall. Her breath hitched loudly and she released a low, pained, moan. John’s anger disappeared.
It shocked him out his daze, and the first thing he could see was red. The dried, crusted blood staining his hands, inside his fingernails, in the crevices of the lines of his palms. Blood, on his shirt, on his jeans, streaked across his forearms.
. The memory brings back a cold spike, and Sherlock remembers feeling a great fear akin to almost nothing he had never experienced before.
This is fucking unbelievable, John. Truly, it is.” Mary’s fury had risen again. She moved away.
Mycroft leaves after that, and Sherlock watches him enter his sleek black car from the living room window. He turns away when the car disappears into the London traffic, becoming another car among thousands.
“You don’t really feel like dealing with anything lately ever since that case. You have holed yourself up in here, back on the source. Mrs. Hudson tells me you haven’t left the flat. Look at you, Sherlock. You look ghastly.”
“As of Christmas Day, Charles Augustus Magnussen was killed by some over-eager squaddie with an itchy trigger finger, whose services have since been terminated.”
Sherlock must have fallen asleep, because the next thing he knows is he is startled awake by a voice.
you forget your role in all of this. How
Sherlock starts to stand to make his way downstairs so he can wait for John outside, but as he unlocks his phone, he finds himself
He needs to do something, he needs to keep his hands busy, something to occupy his brain so he can forget the pain of withdrawal, if only it may be a temporary reprieve. He saw the look on John’s face when he realized Sherlock was going through withdrawal – it was a sadness punctuated by a small slice of
Oh god,
And everytime, Sherlock Holmes has come back.
. Tell me what happened.”
Sherlock bins the last of the takeaway – vegetable spring rolls that John usually buys as his appetizer – he lets the bin lid fall shut as he finds himself sagging against the counter, fatigue taking over his body.
She smiles brightly at him before turning around and getting two mugs from the cupboards. She turns and holds the mugs up.
When he had seen John Doe’s body, his mind was pervaded with nothing but
So as he grabs his phone, his excitement bubbling over because
“Staying with Sherlock doesn’t mean I’ve forgotten about the baby,” John grinds out. “I made a promise to Mycroft that I would look after Sherlock. I intend to keep that promise.”
Sometimes, Sherlock thinks, ignorance is kinder.
Sherlock’s voice cuts through John and Mary’s intense staring game, which forces John to look away. At the sound of Sherlock’s voice, John’s heart starts pounding again in a vicious, angry rhythm.
With a vest of Semtex strapped around his body, undetonated, and bullet wounds riddled straight through his chest.
Which is why it takes every inch of his willpower to push his emotions down from the surface back into his inner recesses. There has seldom been any moment in his life where he has ever felt this much this strongly.
“That is not what I said. Don’t you dare twist my words,” John clapped back. He clenches his left hand by his side.
enough to buy. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, still concerned for Sherlock, and Mary, being heavily pregnant, had insisted that the three of them stay for a while longer, intending to care for the both of them. John, on the other hand, would receive a break from tending to their son and his wife. While recuperating, Mycroft pitched a mission to Sherlock, and Sherlock, so utterly
“No,” John shakes his head, “I’m doing all this because it’s what I would have done anyway.”
Mycroft’s eyes grow sad. “Sher–”
In the evenings, he sits at his dining table with Mrs. Hudson. She usually places a spread of food in front of him – typically all his favourites. She even once made the thing with the peas that John used to make for him. He thanked her, but it wasn’t quite the same. He usually just picks at the food and tries to avoid her sad gaze. He suspects she’s trying to keep him company as much as possible. He suspects even more that she’s keeping an eye on him so that he doesn’t fall back into the temptation of the needle.
“The cocaine and the morphine help me deal with it. If I take enough, it distracts me from what’s happening. And if I stay in here, then I can forget. I can pretend, until the high wears off and I have to shoot up again, that none of this is happening.”
“I overdosed.”
He purses his lips, and sniffs, watching as Mary sits herself down on the sofa, giving a slight
at himself. He put Mary under stress. It was because of him, his unwavering, steadfast,
, Sherlock didn’t believe in luck.
There are days when he feels like he’s floating, his limbs light and airy, as if they don’t exist at all. Then there are days when they are downtrodden, heavy like lead, where every step is a daunting exertion. He heaves like a drowning man whenever he climbs up the seventeen steps to his flat.
“No,” John shakes his head sadly, a bitter smile gracing his features, “you’ve hurt me.”
Mary texts Sherlock sometimes. Little things. Updates, mostly. Well wishes.
Amazing, John thinks bitterly, how your heart can be mended and broken all in the space of one day.
Without anything to occupy him – be it cleaning or shopping – Sherlock is suddenly hit with pangs of withdrawal. He feels a sudden tiredness take over him, his bones going lax and heavy, and he realizes that his head is aching. There’s a dull noise inside his head, and every sound is punctuated, like a hammer knocking against a gong, reverberating through waves. The light, minimal it may be, suddenly fills his eyes with pure white and makes the throbbing in his head worse. Sherlock swallows dryly, clenching his fists in his lap.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mrs. Hudson.
“I said forget it. I just blurted it out, I wasn’t thinking. It’s nothing to concern yourself with. Forget about it. Now, are you staying here, or not?” Mary babbled.
Sherlock blinks open one eye, “Piss off, Mycroft.”
John feels like he’s going to be sick. He drops his phone from his hands as if it scalded him, and watches it scatter across the linoleum floor, Sherlock’s text still illuminated on the screen. John can’t bear to look at it. His hands are shaking.
“Making sure he gets a good tip.”  Sherlock smirked.
Now, John made his way upstairs to Mike’s office, carrying the ridiculous bouquet of flowers.  Well, there was one way to attract attention.  John found himself cooed at on the elevator, and most of the women he met gave him aren’t-you-a-good-boyfriend smiles, though several men gave more of a what-did-you-
“As I just stated, yes.  I find you attractive, John.”
Received  12:11
“The second one, I think.”
Sherlock tossed the phone back onto the end table.
“I thought you…”
“Well, if you need to talk, you know where to find me.”
be attracted to both women and men, but since he was fine with women he’d never chosen to act on any attraction he felt to a man.  He supposed it was a bit of self-preservation after witnessing the screaming matches between his father and sister when he was a teenager; women were just
The neglected laundry that had piled up gave him an excuse to go downstairs and analyze his findings without being observed. The scene of actual housework taking place could be counted upon to be a Sherlock-free zone.
Laurina’s eyes were wide at this and Charles looked at Siger and Violet with new respect.  The Holmes might turn out to be better connections than just being a university friend of Laurina’s had suggested.
“And Melinda name-dropped, sneered at the new drapes, rattled on about her obnoxious views on the same-sex marriage bill, and gave rather broad hints that their pool boy does more than clean pools.  Awful people.”
“Oh, shut up.  Your fault I choked on my tea, anyways.”  John stomped back to the kitchen to refill his teacup and retrieve a dry jumper that had been left slung over the back of a kitchen chair the night before.
Anthea pulls of his cock and kisses Mycroft deeply, sharing the cum with him. She sucks in Mycroft’s tongue as dukes cum drips over their lips.
Sherlock moans breathily, arching up as Mycroft starts to choke him, his cock leaking heavily down Sky’s throat.
"Oh god.. I love it when you moan my name.." He moans.
He smiles and rubs his back.
Nina matches her hand up with his on the glass. ‘Hello?’ She says quietly.
He whimpers and gasps, finally over sensitive.
“I’ve tried not to be so obvious after that first night at Angelo’s.” John chuckles, not knowing his jealousy gave him away so obviously. “So do you want.. something?”
“We’ll go see her after dinner.” John nods as their food comes.
He hums softly and rubs his back. "I don't think I've ever seen you drunk."
"I didn't used to be the way I am now. You wouldn't have liked the before me. I was quiet and everyone would just give me what I wanted because I was pretty with a nice rack. But then after I had to fight for what I wanted because everyone thought I was.. Deformed I guess? So now I'm loud and bossy and dominating but I love it. I love this me so much better. Now I get what I actually want. I get to have you so everything is worth it because I can have you."
"I should hope so." John laughs and heads for the door.
He presses more kisses to her neck.
‘Mm, then we’ll make it happen. You’ll be a nice breeding bitch.’
They hold him and falls asleep.
He whimpers and nods. “Please.”
"Sleep, love.."
He smiles as they follow him, soon getting to the private room.
She smiles softly and nuzzles him. “Do you want to be done for now or do you still need more?”
“Anything!” John whines.
She nuzzles him and licks his face gently, feeling his cum shift deep inside her as she relaxes.
He blushes and kisses him again.
He blushes. "Thank you."
Molly laughs quietly. "It's telling me to eat more sweets and sugar than I had through all of my childhood and my brother's death... I need to try and stay just a little healthy. Oooh..." She squeezes her eyes shut and breathes deeply.
He blushes. "Yeah. Eli said the magician would be here?"
He told me your family was tenacious, there were other family hunters. They were killed off. You were tenacious. You’re a survivor John. If I go back to Mycroft and ask for it back, he will kill me. Do you want me dead for the sake of try, and failing, to get your broach back? -SH
Michael frowns when she leaves, trying to send her everything he can that shows that he doesn't want her to leave.
She blushes and giggles.
He blushes, staying still for him.
His moans grow louder and he pushes back for more. "Yes! Sky!"
He falls asleep as she rubs his feet.
"That is a glowing review of i ever heard one." Greg smiles and hands him the paper with the comment.
He stills for a moment, surprised. He smiles softly and kisses him tenderly. "I love you, too.." He murmurs against his lips.
John smiles and holds Morna close. “Good.” He starts to undo her corset, letting her breasts be free
He chuckles and kisses him happily. “What are you going to name him. I thinking Shaun for mine.”
"Another brilliant deduction," John teases as he sits up and watches Sherlock return to stand between his legs. "But then I expect no less."
... He sends.
He blushes and nods. "It was brilliant.."
She smiles and cuddles him.
She moans as she feels him come.
Sherlock comes back down, wearing a pair of black tight booty shorts that say 'Cum Slut' on the back of them.
"I knew you would take care of Sky."
Sherlock mumbles a bit and peeks up at Mycroft with one eye.
“Four or five.” John smiles and drinks. “But I’ve already had a few whiskey samples.”
He motions for the cup of water near the bed.
"Treats me like an omega...worthless omega." Sherlock sighed and leaned against John. "He's an arsehole."
“Hold on.” He grabs a plug and gently pushes it into him. “Better?”
Sky whimpers softly as John pushes the plug back into her once they’ve pulls out.
Crystal nods. “Can you believe when I was still alive I would faint at the sight of blood?”
He gasps and squirms a bit.
They continue to fuck her as she comes, thrusting into her even harder.
He blushes brighter.
"I'm not going to fuck you yet, babe.. I'm going to give you a few minutes to relax and then I'm going to open you and plug you.." He kisses his neck and jaw.
John momentarily closes his eyes and just stands there with Sherlock, both of them just breathing in one another. "It will," he says softly, "it has to be." There's still something bugging him but he doesn't want to bring it up when there's finally a flash of the Sherlock he fell in love with. So he keeps silent and instead presses forward till their lips touch in a soft kiss.
Mycroft smiles and leans in to kiss John's neck.
They found shelter, food, and weapons as they explored the area. The two held up in a rundown motel with the group for a while, until Sherlock had run out of suppressants and an Alpha had tried to claim him. Greg knocked the man unconscious, before they decided it was best if they left the group. They found a large empty house further inland, with kitchen cabinets fully stocked.
He smiles and they go up to get ready. "Mm, maybe a shower before we go?"
“I think this was all just an elaborate plan to seduce me.”
Sherlock smiles and cuddles Kia close. “Shall we go look for John? He’s been a while.” He asks softly.
Mycroft whimpers, raising his arse higher for him. "Give it to me. Hard."
Pythia looks to the door as she hears children’s footsteps racing to the room.
"You do know how I like to be passed around." She smirks.
John heads off, taking his lunch and coffee with him.
Sherlock's moan is drowned out by the loud music and he ruts against Mycroft.
"When you're ready I'm going to fuck you with a dildo so you can be stretched more before I fuck you."
Sky blushes and smiles softly, feeling a little better as the doctor knocks on the door.
He smiles happily and sits him on the bed.
Greg growls. “God I love it when you swear.” Greg tugs at Mycroft’s pants trying to get them off.
They wiggle around her, playing with each other.
He goes to sit next to her.
Sky cries out and comes hard around Mycroft, his womb sucking up his cum.
Greg bites his shoulder as he comes hard into him.
"I don't doubt it." John snorted. "Go on. I'll keep you updated."
Sky whimpers and pants, taking everything. She whines and tries to stand, barely able to touch the ground.
She hums and smiles softly.
Sherlock blushes and smiles. "Mm.."
John smiles and draws patterns on Margaret’s back. “I love you.”
"Each of us are going to suck both of you off and then you're going to tell us who's better." Sherlock's says bluntly. "Uhuh and you both think this is a good idea?" Greg raises an eyebrow.
“Yeah?” He smirks and pushes it deeper.
"I'll sleep when I'm dead." She jokes.
John frowns as Greg's caller ID lights up on his phone. "Greg? Whoa woah. Calm down. What happened?" He gets up already leaving the clinic because it's what his instincts are telling him to do.
He kisses her back.
He kisses him back softly, relaxing against him.
Greg lays Crystal down in bed, tucking her in to keep her warm before leaving the room and closing the door.
"Only you can label yourself. I'm a freak. I enjoy it. I revel in my freaky ways. Life's to short to be normal." Viper hums and Sky smiles.
"I need more.."
“I want it. I want all of your cock inside me. I want it so deep inside me. As deep as you can.” She begs as she watches him.
"My back. I want to see you.."
“Perfect.” Sherlock holds John and gently let’s go of his spent cock, licking his hand clean.
Sherlock smirks and licks his swollen lips as he pulls back.
John chuckles softly and smiles.
He presses against her, moaning.
He moans as he feels her come against his face.
He smirks. "Good girl."
"No but the technician does and I can see into his mind. Now hush, darling.." She closes her eyes and touches Sherlock's forehead gently. She shows him a vision of what the technician does to turn it on.
James groans and comes hard down his throat.
He adjusts to thrust against her g-spot.
Leona blushes and shakes her head, embarrassed that Pythia as laughing at her.
"Mm can't get away, can you? Or is it that you don't want to?" George smirks, rubbing his cock with his foot teasingly.
He falls asleep with him.
Chloe leans against him in the cab as they head to her flat.
"Mmm, they can be nice, if shared with the right person. Solo missions are a bit like finding cheese in the fridge and planning a meal around it, just to find out the cheese is mouldy."
“Hello. I’m Dr. Parker and I’m the intake psychiatrist.” A woman behind a desk smiles softly at him. “Have a seat.” She nods. Sky waits by the door, waiting to see if Greg wants her to wait in the hall or come in.
“They were watching the cameras inside the flat, not outside, because they weren’t sure if you were going to get confrontational with Mycroft..” Anthea frowns.
"Now would be perfect." She blushes and smiles shyly.
Sherlock blushes and mewls softly. “Yes, sir. Having fun with Daddy.”
"What? No." He scoffs, "I'm fine, Molly. I know who I am and what the date is. I haven't tripped down the stairs or anything. Really, I'm fine."
He leans down to lick himself clean.
She whimpers and arches.
He moans and swallows eagerly, trying to get every drop.
“Mycroft.. What if she used her people as a distraction? What if she’s still there?”
He hums and nuzzles him.
Kia nods. “Daddy come and Udos.” She smiles to John and Udos.
Nina falls asleep against her.
He blushes "Th-The spa." His stutter returns as he takes his hand back from Turk's
He blushes and smiles. Even given the circumstances, he's still incredibly happy.
Dark nods, resting his head next to Blaze.
He pulls him closer. "Mm.."
He blushes a bit more and takes his hand. “Who did you have in mind?”
“Good boy. Such a nice mouth.” Clark groans and praises.
He takes him up to their room.
Greg holds him close as they sway over the floor.
"Yeah? I'm sure you did brilliantly. Did you have fun?" She smiles softly as Jake picks something for him to wear.
He moans loudly and leans in to kiss him hard as he starts to pound into him.
She moans loudly, dripping and drooling.
“So many.” He groans, thrusting already.
"Tell me how it felt. How it felt to fuck her. How it felt to come inside her. How her pussy felt around your cock."
John whimpers. "Please! Please come inside me, Sherlock!"
They turn their attention to Cecil's neck, kissing and sucking on either side still rubbing themselves against him.
He kisses her back.
Sky moans loudly and arches, taking it. Turk growls and fucks Bruce deep and hard.
"Mm what would you do without me?" Greg smirks and kisses Sherlock. He sits his violin case gently on his lap.
Violet smiles. "Oh, that's a good one."
“Mm yeah.” She hums and nods.
You say "finally" in regards to my promotion. I say "fucking finally." I was so damn close before they invalid me home. So damn close I could almost taste it. Sure, they honourably discharged me but didn't bother to give me the promotion I deserved. If I'm being honest, part of me only agreed to this damn deployment so I could get that promotion.
He smiles, getting onto the bed, careful to not disturb the other cat.
Sherlock sighs and smudges the circle with his toe, breaking it. He curls around John and falls asleep quickly.
He rests his head for a few seconds more trying to get ahold of himself. He knows he can't show up in the park sporting a stiffy. Not without some awkward conversations. Finally, he pulls back from Sherlock and runs a hand through his hair. "I think this is the longest I've ever gone without touching you in years. It's maddening."
"I love you, too.." He smiles happily.
"Of course, love."
He blushes and smiles happily.
He hums happily and leads them upstairs. "Going somewhere?" Sky smiles as she walks out of the bathroom naked, drying her hair after a shower.
He smiles and rubs his thumb over his knuckles.
Camille tears up and nods. “I hope so..” She whispers. She pulls Mycroft into her arms and hugs him tight.
He hums and licks at her lips.
“Mm upstairs.” Sherlock chuckles.
“Why don’t you fill up a bag, and I can fill up a glass from there?” Sherlock suggests.
Crystal shakes her head. “The books is enchanted. It cannot be written in or destroyed unless I do it. It will never run out of pages either.” She hums. “I love them. I love humans. They are my life’s work. Well after life’s work.”
“Mm, I think I’ll have you right here. I doubt your cunt could wait.”
John takes off his bandages and cleans the wounds. "These are going to scar, Greg. I'm sorry." John says and puts antiseptic on the cut. "Ah.. It's alright. I think that was the point." He hisses as the antiseptic stings.
“They’re doing brilliant. Nina likes them.”
He frowns. “Messing with you?”
"That's right. Mine."
He blushes. “A flesh light, sir.”
They hold him and prepped him with kisses.
He moans and arches.
"Before you go, mother," Mycroft says loud enough for everyone to hear, "The laws
He blushes and smiles, nuzzling him and turning to kiss him. "Mm.. I have a few ideas.."
He groans softly and arches a bit.
He smiles and falls asleep quickly.
John smiles and kisses him softly. “Thank you.” He says softly.
John kisses and nibbles at Margaret’s neck. “So patient and loving. Lydia loves you. The house loves you.” He murmurs.
The driver drives them to a fancy building in the city.
He holds his hips and kisses his hole, slowly opening him up with his tongue.
Molly nods, whimpering. "Not doing this again..." She mumbles, softly.
They fuck her relentlessly until they’re both coming inside her, filling her with their seed and more babies.
"He's still a bit upset. So is Greg but Sherlock shows it better. He was going to stay up with me and wait for you but Greg wanted him to go to bed with him so Sherlock went because Greg wanted it.." He rubs Mycroft's back.
He moans and nods.
He gasps and moans loudly.
Mycroft smiles and kisses Sherlock back. “Mm Hello, bee. Brought a new friend?”
She cries out as he pinched her nipples and moans grinding against him.
Sherlock moans and holds John close, arms and legs wrapped around him.
“I know you do.” He smirks and fucks him harder.
"I love you.." He mumbles into his chest.
**love you both.—G**
He smiles. "Mm.. Hello."
Eli smirks and carries Sherlock to the shower.
Greg groans and fucks him harder with the dildo, turning up the vibrations. Chloe moans and swallows his cum.
Mycroft smiles, “only for you. Always for you.”
She hums happily and relaxes against  him.
"The strongest thing you have." Mycroft rubs his temple. "No Mrs. involved."
Mycroft wraps his arms around Greg's neck and pulls him down for a kiss.
"Food? Oh food! Mm yup it's great.." He blushes brightly.
Jean groans as he finally stops coming.
"Collin was actually working as a waiter at one of dad's galas 10 years ago." She giggles.
