“District 12’s first volunteer…I believe that was your brother?” Rowena continued. Dean nodded.
He stepped back and allowed Dean to take over the range.
Crowley, as he called himself, took the seat in the center. Ignoring Furys glare.
. The Supernatural world (except for heavan and hell, who refused to partake in humanites fight) was affected by the snap or blip.
"Awesome, Tony Stark is helping me."
Bobby nodded as if expecting that. “You do your hardest to win, you got that, boy?” Dean nodded, obviously Bobby would say that. He was the mentor. But something in his voice made Dean think that Bobby wanted him to read between the lines.
But Dean had a felling that this wasn’t the end.
“President Shurley, to what do I owe the pleasure?” Dean asked with narrowed eyes.
Was his score that bad?
His heart went out to Dean. When Thor confronted him he felt sympathetic and understood how loosing your family can feel.
“It’s beautiful.” Dean said, trying to be polite.
Dean wasn't going back though. Sammy and Cas doesn't need to know that. As much as he loved his brother and angel he had to let them go so he doesn't hurt them. The scene of him going after Sam with a hammer still haunts his nightmares. It's actually his worst nightmare, a nightmare the beats hell memories.
There was no turning back. Dean just ran and ran before tripping on a Boulder.
He knew Sam leaving would make another huge hole in his father's already half broken heart and like always, Dean will be there to help heal him. Because that's what his mum would do.
Castiel dropped the berries in relief, slamming his lips against Dean’s.
“Hello Dean!” a voice purred just as the Hell hounds arrived. Barking and growling and clawing the building.
Fury groaned mentally. He hated being right sometimes.
like, tell me with you like to make a deal? I could give you anything you want includeding the ability for your boyfriend to forget his guilt and bad memories... For a price of course."
The first time he met Dean Winchester, at that bar, drinking himself to wash out his sorrows, he felt an urge to protect him. Maybe it was the vulnerability in his those eyes or the way he held himself. As of the whole world was on his shoulder.
There was a message left in the given location: "
Nothing eventful happened the next day. Once Dean got over the initial embarrassment of people seeing him cuddle against Castiel, they both exited the cave. Their medical supply was done, and the water almost finished so they decided to hike to a river. Things seemed to quiet for a while except for the animals and insects occasionally making noise.
"SHIELD tried to recruit you, years ago, why did you refuse?" Tony Stark asked
They spent half the morning analysing the other tributes, Dean wasn’t paying much attention, he was going to have to see and meet the person before judging who he can trust, at least until it was only them left. It made no sense, why get ally’s when you gonna have to kill them in the end? When they came to District 1 however, Dean felt himself staring at the male tribute.
“Kill me Dean, go back to your brother, to your family.” Castiel said, forcing the bloodied dagger in his hands.
He took his anger out on the night guard, burning the man with one hated look.
"Cant say the same about you." came the unwanted reply.
“What?” Dean asked softly, looking at Castiel with innocent green eyes.
"You mean you were kidnapped and the torture felt like Hell, like our Cyborg?" Tony asked, Steve ignored the nickname for Bucky.
To Ruby’s family.
Thank you for being paitant with this fic. ❤️
Castiel, seeing Dean’s reaction, smirked and Dean tried to ignore the arousal at the hot expression.
Tony would be flatters if someone wrote a book on him, Winchester seemed to disgusted.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah well, she’s just a kid and I’ll be damned to let a kid go in there without knowledge on how to defend themselves, this whole thing is sick.”
He was so engrossed in his meal he didn't notice the three figures watching him.
Castiel would gladly like to kill him but Michael seemed to have taken the authority of leader and gave him a pointed look that said ‘I wish I could kill him too but he’s valuable.’ And Michael was right. Out of all of them Allister was the best at Hunting prey and killing. Despite his obvious hard on for torture, he was ruthless.
“Why you would want to eat Dean?” Castiel gravely voice asked.
"Why not just send a gift basket and ask like normal people, also, where's my Baby? Is she alright? "
Steve heard shuffling in the background, a click and a new voice-
Blue eyes met green and then Castiel eyes drifted towards Jessica, glaring curiously before squinting when he saw Dean shield her away.
“STOP!... LADIES AND GENTLEMEN OF THE PANEM, I GIVE YOU THE VICTORS OF THE 74TH HUNGER GAMES…DEAN WINCHESTER FROM DISTRICT 12 AND CASTIEL FROM DISTRICT 1.”
"And what about Sam, is he not your pride and joy?"
“We have guests, Dean.” John Winchester said tightly, walking in the room with Sam, the damn cat Sam loves and two men in black suits and Guns.
... I hated you... I hated you so damn much because I deserved to be there... Then... Then when you sacrificed yourself for us... For me... I felt something that I locked away for a long time, I love you Cas... And I probably will never stop loving you and I'm sorry, I'm sorry to tell you this when I'm leaving... And we won't be seeing each other... But the truth is... I couldn't accept the fact that you loved a monster... A monster like me."
Heyyyyyy. OMG, an update.
Behind Allister a beautiful sunrise was appearing.
Now he was in some pod with his arms latched in secure handcuffs.
This caught everyone's attention. (This who didn't already know about Deans past)
*IMPORTANT*
Fury just ignored the jib and continued to study the file.
“That was very brave.” A husky voice commented and Dean shivered at the voice.
“N-no, Dee…pleas-please…kill me…I… don’t…want…to-to suffer.”
“We will start from the highest District, you may determine who you can be allies with and who is a threat…District 11, Gordon Walker, 20, and Jessica Moore, 12…according to what we know Gordon, despite being from a poor District, is ruthless, already he has misdemeanours, Jessica was called in on her first reaping, we won’t know, until the scoring.”
Bucky:
Sorry for the insanely long wiat guys.
He grinned brokenly as he went back to his car, ignoring the heartache of actually telling Sammy and Cas about his plan.
Castiel smiled.
“I don’t understand why we stopped Dean, you were clearly aroused, why didn’t we do what the Pizza man did to Babysitter?” Castiel asked, confused as he trailed Dean like a lost puppy.
And Sam and Castiel was lead through the elevators.
Phill watched as he drove away. Signing when he tried to figure out how to tell Fury that he failed to recruit Dean Winchester.
Once again, I am so, so sorry for this. I feel like a bad person right now.
Then it shifted to Lucifer and Allister who was talking about Michael and Gordon.
“What then? Mining?”
Allister fell to the hounds, his screams tearing through the sky just as the sun rose, and suddenly everything was quiet,exccept for the Canon.
Castiel felt offended that Dean categorized him as apart of the being Sadistic, but he did have a point.
That is until Groot spotted something shiny on Dean’s finger.
Unlike other Knights he was not only immoral and had the normal Demon Abilties but he also had the power to control the mind and reality of a person, he was also the Knight that created Druid magic, the ability to manipulate nature, which was apart of his power.
"A battle greater to Thanos... Is that even possible?" Gamora asked.
Dean didn’t cry when they were saying Goodbye. He didn’t cry when Sammy begged him to stay before reluctantly letting him go after Dean promised to win.
"We responded to the call, came across hostage civilians in an abandoned house who were tied up and gagged, once the said civilians were safe we split up and came across these men... Although they seemed like men... Their eyes were pitch black and they had these abilities that not even Red here could defeat." he gestured to Wanda.
“One more thing, Sire…” Crowley glared at the cowering Demon.
Meg took it upon herself to climb it and fetch the note.
"That asshole is thankfully dead, Assmodeus, he's an asshole according to Gabriel, Ramiel, I've never met him but Cas did, and Dagon, who was said to be extinct."
For those following this book, I am so sorry but I am putting it on temporary hitus.
Dean was glad Jo and Jessica was alive and hoped they were safe.
But none intrigued him more then the Winchester Brothers. More so the eldest Winchester.
The man helped through his panic attack and introduced himself as Lee Webb, who’s father is in charge of the mines.
“I spoke to my husband’s bodyguard, Happy, Your brother is indeed with them, according to Happy they are on a mission debrief, Mr Winchester – Sam – I don’t know what my husband has gotten into with your brother, but if anything happens to the father of my child, there will be consequences.”
"Dean Winchester?" the man asked. Although it was more of a statement then a question. Dean tensed.
"I managed to get into the Avengers system... The last file opened was belonging to a Dean Winchester."
He saw a concerned look on Bobby’s face however. As if he was attempting to tell Dean something.
Dean tried to talk them out of it but Sam gave his kicked puppy look and Castiel looked at him with an eyebrow raised and stern expression that had Dean weak to the knees.
Dean shrugged. “I guess I am hot.” He joked lightly, causing chuckles.
Winchester pulled down the collar of his leather jacket, flannel and undershirt to reveal a pentagram with fire around it, sitting on his breast bone.
Dean grabbed his arrow and aimed at the attacker he recognized as Abaddon from 7.
"Yeah, murdered women-"
The last thing Tony saw before leaving the room was an adorable child like smile on Dean Winchesters face.
And then the glass door closed and Dean felt himself drifting up.
“HI Dean, I’m here too.” The Moose said sarcastically.
Bobby said that they must not show their abilities to any of the other Tributes. They should pick up new skills instead. So Dean ignored the shooting range, the gun range and the knife range and instead went to fire making where he met Charlie and A.S.H from District 3.
Thankfully the tree he found was big and extremely thick, enough for a small fire that hopefully won’t attract attention so he could cook the raw meat. If he rationed correctly, he could actually survive death by natural causes.
He grabbed colourful flowers and berries from a bush near by, he placed the flower crowns Jess made them and adorned their heads with it. A beautiful burial in a brutal Arena.
Just to mess with him, Castiel leaned backwards and when Winchester popped his head out again, he looked like a deer caught in headlights. With the most amazing green eyes.
“Hey Jo.” He said kindly and a bit shocked.
But now that he got reaped everyone seemed interested in Winchester from District 12. All because he volunteered for his brother.
“FRIDAY portray visual.” Iron Man commanded as he levitate from the ground. The Team were suited up. Dean, Sam and Castiel prepared with their gun and knives, and Castiel’s angel blade.
He half carried half dragged Castiel towards a hill where he saw a cave. A good place to lay low.
Soon was Dean. He was wearing a fine silk black suit with a fire like coloured tie. His blonde hair was styled and he had black eyeliner.
Dean stared at his overgrown little brother from his coffee mug.
When Castiel was well and alive they could hike up there for the night. That is if Castiel doesn’t kill him first.
Dean raised his bow again, having lowered it when Castiel was a shield.
"When the Angels fell, Hell also gained a new leader of sorts,a Knight of Hell named Abbadon, a b*tch of you ask me, she was defeatble and caused havoc on earth, the only way to stop her was for another Knight of Hell to fight her, unfortunately all the Knights where killed except for one... Cain."
She wore a beautiful red dress that brought out the innocent features.
After the battle with Thanos, when Thor bravely put on the Infinity Stones in his hand a snapped his fingers, undoing everything, Tony helped re build the Avengers Tower and a new S. H. I. E. L. D. Led by Fury and Maria. Then he moved his family to the tower, leaving his cottage as a safe house.
"Let me finish Stark, what actually murdered those women was a Shapshifter, one of the monsters that exist, and he is currently not dead."
“Me too, B*tch.”
“You should know by now Dean, that I would never leave your side, I made the mistake of walking away to many times, not caring how you felt, and when you did it…the pain and anger and betrayal I felt…I realized that you must have felt the same way, I’m so sorry, Dee.”
Said brother was typing erratically on his laptop, tracking his brother.
"I got just the thing, Dean-o."
"Yup, he bore a mark that made him immortal, Humans call it the Mark of Cain, once you have it you become a Knight of Hell... I took the Mark."
“I do, and even if it’s not, I live on that hope.”
Dean woke up groggy. The wanted weight on his back making him smile.
I honestly wasn't expecting so much positive feedback on this book, so thank you for the comments and kudos 🤗🤗🤗
“I think it’s best if you remember what I told you about Monsters, because you are looking at werewolves, vampires, demons and Djinns.” Dean shouted, raising the First Blade.
"Well, Morons, I am here to inform you that we are needed back on Earth."
It was difficult to get a audience with Starks wife, according to her Wikipedia, she stays home with her daughter, Morgan Stark and still handles the business of Stark industries, only coming to the office when necessary.
They waited for the score haring. Gabriel and Dick Roman were calling out scores as each picture of the Tribute came on screen.
Soon the two formed a friendship and became hunting partners, much to the dismay of Castiel.
They got ready to leave. Dean went towards the river for a wash and Castiel went to find food. When Dean returned to the spot, he saw a couple of small berries on the jacket. His mother was the one that thought him about plants in the wild, she even had a book on it, Dean made sure to learn it just so he and his father could survive hunting if it took them the whole day and he knew these berries...were poisonous, panicked, he called for Castiel.
Thor didn’t mean to sleep with young man. But when Dean kissed him with those plump lips he lost all self control.
"Not only that, they seemed to be immune to weapons, Barton shot them bullseye but the just walked it off." Cap contributed, groaning in pain when he shifted.
“Nah huh.” Allister practically purred as he held a injured Castile against his chest, using him as a human shield, Castles dagger against his own neck, nicking him a bit.
Castiel discreetly watched as Winchester glanced down in disgust and annoyance.
“One.” Castiel whispers.
“You are absolutely
"So why do we only learn about it now?" T'chall asked. "They have people who kill them, they call themselves Hunters, they kill all the monsters that 'go bump at night'." Maria said. She sounded like she was quoting someone.
Anyways, this is a sort of filler chapter, so it's a bit short, Sorry for that.
Castiel l was having the worst day. Usually people in the Capitol fawned over him. He was the best in District 1, trained from birth to fight on the Games.
It fell out of the sky like rain.
There was a request for a Thor/Dean moment, and I love exploring with new ideas so this is what I got. I hope you enjoy :
“Cas...Cas, stand up.” Dean demanded. Un able to deny his…whatever Dean was to him…he stood up, surprised when he saw fire in his eyes and dark red berries in his hands, it’s poisonous winking from the sunlight, dagger on the floor.
“So what now?” he asked.
“Don’t go to the Cornucopia, just run away from there and find a safe place to hide… All the best boy.”
“Okay, Cas, fantasies are exactly that, it’s not cool to expose fantasies put loud, got it?” Dean released his hand at Castiel’s nod.
Jesus Christ. Tony has finally seen it all.
Steve wondered where the little brother was. According to the file Sam Winchester was the pride and joy of Dean Winchester. Having to raise and protect the youngest Winchester when he was only 4 years.
Castiel replied by getting into the sleeping bag and lifting the opening for Dean.
Tony really wondered if this was the King of Hell. Wasn't he supposed to be evil. Tempt you into sin and shit?
Castiel took the dagger back.
Dean froze.
President Shurley would definitely hate that. Obviously it was a ruse. Castiel seemed none the wiser though. But his brother and the blue eyed boy were cute together.
The persons scent was still there, however. It was an earthy scent. Like when rain hits the hot tar. There was also a dent on the headboard. As if a huge and heavy object had been placed down.
Tony groaned for what was the 5th time today. "We gonna pick up Banner as well, he would love to help." Tony said, as he was sending a message to Pepper informing her about his plans.
After 11 boring carriages, Castiel waited for District 12s. They usually had the worst outfits. And when he and Winchester had their little staring showdown he didn’t exactly look at the outfit.
Shurley smiled. “You don’t want another Civil War do you Dean? Innocent people dying.”
Sam find it amusing. Dean just ignores it.
He watched as Dean stood up. Glaring at the camera.
“That man gives me the creeps.” Jo commented.
“I’m sorry.” He muttered towards the sky.
And damn, did that hit Tony in the chest. He glanced at Barns and Steve. Steve grabbed Barns hand in support. Barns never did forgive himself and nither did Tony forgive himself for Ultron and the Stark weapons.
"There was this Prophet, who would get dreams about our lives, he didn't understand what that it was actually our lives then, so he made a book series, it's called Supernatural."
: Classified, SHIELD Leval 7 clearance
"Sam, are you sure this is a good idea?"
Castiel saw Winchester eyes harden at the mention of Jo and Jessica.
Castiel closed the gap. There wasn’t fireworks like how he read in Jimmy’s romantic books, neither was it heated.
Ineresting. Fury mentally noted to add that to Winchesters physical appearance in his file.
There was something about Dean Winchester, Bobby concluded, a spark that will someday burn down the whole of Panem.
"Well, Mr Winchester was only considerd a psychopath because he murdered those women in St Lui-"
If anyone wondered why Dean was looking like he was shock, Sam looking like a confused and overwhelmed puppy and Castiel smug, no one questioned it.
“Oh Chill out Rowena, I think what he did was pretty damn good, I’d give anything to see it.” Bobby commented gruffly with admiration and a wink and soon Rowena was going off on Bobby.
The Tour. An event Dean dreaded because how do you face the family of a person you murdered?
When a guy in a suit stepped out Dean smirked. "Nothing to see here officers." He said smugly. The weapons were hidden in the Impala and Dean had his fake Sheriff Badge on him in case anything happened.
Castiel, however, didn't mention or explain that.
He didn’t care that Castiel was a career. He wanted to make it known that he hated everything about this game. Castiel gave him an odd look before leaving. And Dean closed his eyes. Subconsciously holding onto the amulet that was given to him by his brother.
"Crowley, focus, and No Deals, these guys been through enough already." Dean scolded. Tony felt gratitude float through him. At least someone understood.
Castiel, ever the adorable puppy yet possessive angel, “No one is allowed to get you pregnant but me Dean, no Norse God and no Knight of Hell who ha has issues about himself.” Stated firmly.
Dean’s eyes zeroed to Castiel. A sort of understanding passing through.
Castiel felt himself looking at Dean in a different light now, as they sat under the artificial stars and full moon. They were cuddled up in the bag. Facing upwards.
“President Shurley wants to speak with you.” One stated. Not even hiding the leering look as he looked Dean up and down.
“Wait, you guys fought Lucifer?! As in The Big Bad Devil?!” Sam Wilson exclaimed but no one answered because the doors burst opened.
I know nothing about drinking or sex (I never drank in my  life (I am19) and I am a virgin, like I didn't even have my first kiss yet.)so I know Jack Shit about sex and drinking and hangovers and what i wrote here is what I've seen depicted in books and movies, so forgive me if I git something wrong.
Sorry for the late update guys. Things are still hectic around here.
Dean shrugged. “I want to see Sammy again, I'd give anything to see him."
Dean and Castiel woke up to howling.
And both brothers knew he wasn't talking about the stash of cash Dean gave him. But all those time Dean helped shape Sam into being the smart kid he is today.
So he smirked and shook his head silently with a wink before drifting off to a hopefully dreamless sleep.
"Oh, don't pout Mr Fury, I am King, I deserve the best."
It was scattered all around.
He made his way towards a small Cafe that was on his street. Ignoring the satisfying pain on his behind. A bit of guilt lurking as he felt himself cheating on Cas. But they weren't together.
Ignoring his ever pounding headache Dean made his was towards the bathroom. Mark of Cain burning on his arm.
Gabriel however, looked amused and grinned as of he knew something Dean didn’t.
According to the information, Winchester first died when he made a deal with a crossroad Demon to being back his brother. Because he was a Winchester who was well known by the monsters instead of giving him the usual 10 years it was 1 year.
Back at the Capital, the people ‘awed’ at the confession. Previously known anger to Dean’s comment on the other Districts was long forgotten.
Enjoy.
He looked ugly and dirty, blood dropping from his nose and a nasty black eye.
The person he slept with must have left because there was a cold spot next to him (and Dean usually sleeps like an octopus when he's drunk).
After the battle, Tony realized that he was wrong in accusing Bucky for killing his parents when he was the soldier. With insight from Clint who experienced brainwashing, he forgave Bucky and Steve finally got his head out off his patriotic, America's ass and asked out his best friend. A lot of money was handed out that day, mainly between Shuri, T'challa, Peter, Scott, Sam and Clint.
"Clint, you and Red okay?" Clint and Wanda glanced at each other then back at Tony with identical smiles and Tony didn't want to know what that means.
Dean growled and turned him over, stardling him, taking the dagger.
After the arrival at the Capitol and the reporters in fancy, overly coloured dressing stuffed microphones in there face, Jo and Dean settled in their temporary house. There was Avox’s all around and food galore. He didn’t blame Jo when she stuffed her plate. Food in District 12 was, after all, scarce. He managed to eat respectively. Not too much but not too less either.
Castiel hugged back. “I didn’t mean to scare you, I didn’t know, we’re okay, I’m okay.” He assured. Squeezing Dean a lot tighter.
“I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long.”
Fury studied the expressions of the room
That was when he heard a howl. He stopped and strung his bow. There were more howling, getting louder and louder.
Jessica was showing them how to create flower crowns and Jo explained how they survived.
Dean and Castiel looked at each other. Whilst Castiel was excited, Dean looked grim.
Cain from the Bible is real? And you met him?" Tony asked. He was quiet during the whole thing.
Its been a while since he has so many people in one room (15 to be exact) especially ones with super human abilities including a goddamn talking tree and a talking Raccoon. Fury has finally seen it all.
Shurley was studying Dean now. Dean licked his lips. The people were fighting back. Was this what Bobby meant when he spoke to Dean after the Games?
“You better come back, you Jerk.” He mumbled into Deans shoulder. The kid was almost Dean’s height.
“Cas, Sammy, Dad…I’m back.” Dean called out.
“Dude, personal space.” Dean joked, trying stop his face from heating. Castiel was half an inch shorter but his aura held an air of dominance.
He offered them some water and soon they relaxed.
Jo gasped as she hit the ground. Knife stuck in her back.
Everything written in this chapter is absolutely made up. None of these things is real.
"They were the first picked soldiers and the first fallen angels who followed Lucifer, Nasty sons of b*tches, they were trained by the Orignal Knight, Cain, as in the Biblical Cain and brother of Abel, they had the ability of both middle and low ranks demons, but are much more stronger, faster and intelligent, they, unlike mediocre demons, have the ability to expell other demons from their hosts body, talk to animals and are basically ego centric,
They make it back to the Victor’s Village. Lee saying goodbye with a wink and manly hug and then leaving.
He dodged an axe that was headed straight for him and sprinted towards the forest. Running despite the ache in his legs and unlaboured breathing.
"In New York, actually." came Winchesters reply.
“Yeah, that was Jo from 12 and Jessica from District 11, Abaddon from 7 killed them so I killed her, and then Ruby from 9 attacked me just before I found you so, I killed her.”
Unwanted Amazement in his voice and Castiel could relate. Winchester has managed to trick them all because Meg also went to retrieve the ‘human’ which was made of trees on a branch tied together. A perfect ploy for distraction.
"Aww, are really going to hurt lover boy just to kill me?" Allister pouted in mock sympathy.
“…And for the ladies it is…Johanna Harvelle.” Dean felt his stomach drop. He was good friends with Jo and he resisted the urge to protest as the blonde haired girl fearfully made her way up to a smiling and sympathetic Rowena. Dean wanted to scoff. She knew nothing about how much they were sacrificing just to be entertainment for the Capitol.
Sighing, he opened the file:
She was tiny. And from what Dean saw, extremely good at hiding and blending in.
“Oooo, feisty, I love feisty… Why don’t you come with be handsome, I’ll show you a good time and we can shed blood together.” He said seductively. Leering grey eyes slowly looking at him up and down.
After he was done with hid bathroom formalities he felt much better. He checked his phone. Check in texts from Sam and Cas. He checked his voicemail to see if there was any hunts someone needed help with, but it was empty.
Wow. I finally got the time to write another chapter for this book.
What was more peculiar was the jaw drop and glass drop of Dean.
Honestly, Sam wasn’t surprised, he’s brother was an asshole like that.
He discreetly tried to glance at the page but couldn’t see what Dean was writing but before he could look closer-
He hid the Pen Knife in the hidden pocket, Benny’s touch up to his outfit blocking out the calm, cool breeze. He put the twin knives in each leg of his boot. Bow and Arrows slung across his bag.
Castiel paused. “But it’s a punishment for the rebellion? It’s what whiped out District 13.”
After that Rowena had them sit down on the comfy couch and switched on the TV. “We will analysing your opponents.” She said in that over cheerful Capitol accented voice. Bobby still hasn’t said anything, he left Dean alone after his attempted sneaking failed.
“I Volunteer as Tribute…” his voice rang around the area. Strong and Steady. Shock rippling from everyone, Sammy gasped. Through the corner of his eyes Dean saw the Peacekeeper he hit get up unsteadily.
“I am Groot.” The tree said pointing at it.
“I told you it wasn’t my fault, I saw something in the distance and it was human like so I went to check it out, when I get back…”
Dean tuned out the Interviews, paying attention to Castiel’s and Jo’s only. There were some tears shed, some laughs exchanged. He was surprised to find out that Castiel had a brother who was in the Games, but seemingly disappeared whilst in the game.
On his way out, he heard more canons go off but Dean didn’t give a damn anymore.
Thanks to Hacking on Charlie’s part, they got her number, at first she was fierce and angry but then Dean explained that his brother chumming it up with her husband and his band od misfits, she relented and agreed to meet him at the Avengers tower.
They met up with Johanna Harvelle and her mother Ellen. They owned the Roadhouse. A hotel and bar for the Capitol people who ‘vacation’ in district 12.
So far everything was peaceful, that was until the ignited spark of Dean Winchester arouse. And Chuck was determined to hose down this spark.
He heard a Canon go off and Dean ran.
Stamina that beat the Super Soldier Serum, Super strength that beats the Super Soldier Serum, Telepathy, ect.
"Im sure." cam the reply.
“I knew you spoke.” Dean said smugly as he saw Jessica blush.
He thought about Sammy and his father. About Lisa and her loyalty. He missed everyone back home.
Tony and Quill who just took a sip of whisky spat it out on each other. There was multiple jaw drops and howls of laughter. Dean suspected Sam Wilson, his brother Sam, Clint and Bucky later on.
“They calling you the Boy on Fire, you know?” Rowena informed.
And wow, wasn’t this a day of demanding surprises and annoying brothers and possessive angels (because, seriously the way Castiel was looking at Sam when he mentioned Thor…)
“He’s doing well.” Lisa commented idly and the Gabriel appeared on the screen talking about the relationship between the two males.
He was in charge. He was President. These petty people were his Pawns and he’ll be dammed if some Knight attempted to attack his kingdom.
Dean Winchester was going to be the Victor of the 74th Hunger Games and not just for Sammy but for all those innocent people that died thanks to this damn Game.
That was when a crazy guy jumped over the fence from the other side, startling Dean so badly that he almost had a panic attack thanks to the PTSD of his Hunger Games.
Sam studied Castiel. He seemed anxious. Sam couldn’t blame him. Before leaving Dean has confessed his love to him.
He didn’t expect Dean to be the one that they needed to consult for this new war.
"New-New York? Dean, what are you doing in New York?" came the incredulousness  voice of this 'Cas' person.
Dean approached her, ignoring the curious looks he got as he squatted down.
“Jerk.” Sam hugged and pulled away.
Then you get the Seven Deadly Sins, it's in the names, they posses the Abilties of low rank demons and the sin  they represent, trust me, they are a huge pile of d*cks, my brother and I, unfortunately, had the opportunity to come across them,
Okay, ***IMPORTANT***
“Um…” he murmured when he saw Dean and Castiel shirtless and okay, Dean was not expecting his brother to have another kicked puppy look.
- looked uncomfortable.
“I promise…Bitch.” Came the reply. Sam handed him a token. It was an amulet, hung by black cord. It was an unspoken acknowledgment between the brothers, as the amulet was actually for Sam from his mother’s will.
Winchesters eyes soon narrowed. In a silent challenge.
The president was sure that this would be the end of the Capitol and the spark of a rebellion, and it was his job to put out the spark before it catches on everything.
She looked taken aback by this but nodded stiffly.
“Welcome to the Secondary Base of the Avengers HQ how may I help?” she droned. Clearly forced to say those words.
Dean snorted. "Yeah, sorry dude, but I'm not the smart one, as you must have heard when you were creepily watching me it was Sammy that got into collage... And I'm also not interested so you can get lost now." Dean made his way towards the Impala 67 but before he could get in-
Benny smiled secretively, “A Mockingjay represents Freedom, they were an abomination, not apart of the Capitols way of life, it’s a symbol of hope, you may not know it Dean, but you are the start of something new.”
“Good, then see to it, that you and Castiel’s love story comes to an end.”
"Why, I'm Crowley, The King of Hell."
Castiel ignored the noise behind him as he aimed knife after knife. He pushed away thoughts off Dean Winchester as he aimed for the stimulation targets. Castiel wasn’t gay, he never actually found himself looking at the same gender sexually, but Winchester made him feel things.
A video of Dean fighting the Peacemakers and Volunteering for Sam is shown.
Nebula, who decided to tag along her sister and her God awful crew, stepped in.
Dean coughed and glances away.
Quill groaned internally as he pushed in the co-ordinates of Earth. He ignored Thors awkward coughing fit.
It was the 6 from the debriefing room, Hulk-Banner (as Tony like to now call), Wilson, Peter (who was doing his physics homework.), Vision who was playing with Wanda's hair and T'challa (who was visiting Barnes).
Fury was at the end of the table, talking softly to an ear piece (Probably to Maria), a banged up Cap was still being healed, slowly and sat slumped practically leaning into Barnes, Barnes was casually flipping and playing with a knife as if he wasn't just recovering from a stab wound on his chest, Scott was on his phone playing Candy Crush whilst his leg was propped up in a cast, Wanda looked beyond tired, Clint was shotting arrows at random targets in the room and Tony... He was sporting a good shinner and a broken suit.
Castiel looked even more confused.
– Castiel should really call him by his first name now since he saved his life.
No. Not Sammy. Like hell was he going to send Sammy into a bloodbath. His body worked before his mind and he surged forward and ran towards his brother screaming and calling. Peacekeepers held him back and Dean growled, he was aware of the commotion he was causing but he wouldn’t let Sammy go, he punched a Peacekeeper in the face before side kicking the other and ran towards Sam, who seemed to be walking in a trance, pushing another Peacekeeper he finally stepped in front of Sammy and glared up at a shocked and stunned Rowena.
Bucky wonderd where everyone else was and made a mentle note to keep his vibraniam arm in his line of vision because the way the Racoon was eyes it made him uncomfortable.
All Dean wanted right now, was some Pie. Good old Cherry Pie, hell maybe even a Apple Pie.
He made his way to the combat range. He was pretty good at combat but he relied more on weapons, which he knew was not good so he decided to pick up some fighting skills.
“Okay, first thing first, Monster Lore.”
Sorry if this chapter feels rushed. I'm going through some personal stuff which is effecting my health.
Problems in the back of his head, he continued to have verbal sex with his pie.
Crowley was still trying to hide or destroy the first blade so Dean wouldn't give into temptation. He kept in contact with the King of Hell who promised to help him for a price. But Dean knew it was because Crowley grew fond of them.
"We want to recruit you Mr Winchester, the Director of the organization was very impressed by your... Abilities and intelligence."
"Mr Winchester, it's nice to finally meet you in person."
“Ah, yes, I always loved white, do you know why?”
Just as he drifted off to sleep in his tree he wondered why he felt relived that Castiel survived as well, before the night took him.
"A-Avengers Tower."
Finally he came in. Benny was a built of a man with a cap and southern capitol slur. Unlike most people who lived in the Capitol he didn’t over do it with the glitter and make up. His blues eyes soft and comforting.
Dean relaxes a little and looks to the nurse for reassurance. The nurse smiles and nods. “Yes, he'll be just fine. A couple days of bed rest and a week or so without exertion and you'll be right as rain, Mr. Winchester.” He leaves the room.
'If bad luck is a thing and there are ways of avoiding it, it makes you feel better.'
Dean was floored. Cas' hair was ruffled and his eyes were black, his lips bitten pink. His clothes hung off him. He looked like an animal, in the best possible sense. Dean's erection was almost unbearable. Dean kissed Cas' warm mouth. Cas smiled at Dean, pulled out a few tissues from the box on Dean's bedside table, and gently wiped off the sticky mess just beneath his sweater. Dean hoped they'd ruined it. Breaths slowing now, Cas cast those eyes at Dean and reached over to unbuckle Dean's belt. His cold hands slid along Dean's hips as he pulled Dean's pants down. The cold air on his lower half reduced Dean to longing, a stomach-clenching wait, and a shiver.
'Mr. Winchester, are you with us?'
'Easy. Put it in
Sam opened the gate and they walked over as Dean stepped out, grinning broadly. 'Surprise!'
'I'll get you a plate.'
'That's your pile, Dean!'
'Aw, dude, gross.'
“Suit yourself.”
'You ever heard of anything that could do that?' Sam asked as they walked back to the car.
'You sure know how to treat a girl, Cas.' Dean slipped his wallet back into his pants pocket.
It was true. After Mary's death, Dean's well had dried up. It was an Indian summer without all the romantic connotations. It was a scorching hell of a time for Dean where he felt lost and depleted. Too dry to respond with a splash when people dropped him words. His voice stuck its nose out the door, smelled the burning tar, and went back inside. Turned on the air con and watched the home shopping network. Dean wasn't confused or stupid. It wasn't like he was somehow disconnected. He was just on screensaver. What people said didn't register, and Dean didn't want anything to register, so he wrapped himself in a blanket of not-here-be-back-soon. Recently, he had started to say the odd word every once in a while, but mostly he felt happy to watch and wait.
'Goddammit, Cas, I didn't walk out on my family.'
'Oh, okay. Well, that's a relief, right?'
He eats a few bites. Sam refills the coffee pot and he and Dean slow down. Cas tells them about the bullets and spell books, the heavy trunk he can't open. Sam says he'll try to open it after breakfast. Dean calls him a show-off.
When they eventually make it to the shelter, it's – just their luck – closed. They put the pallet down when Dean gives in and starts laughing. Cas clenches his jaw and thumps the door. 'I can't believe it. And if I hadn't gotten us lost, we might have made it on time. I apologize.'
'Nah. Feel fine. I'm ready to be shown off, let's go.' He smirks, and heads upstairs with his bag. 'I'll change and be right down.'
Cas visibly relaxes. 'Dean!' He sounds angry. 'What's going on?'
Dean lifted the latch and opened the door of Cas' shed. He remembered that he had once been amused and disarmed at Cas' response to Dean's suggestion that he get a padlock.
“Well have fun! We'll see you soon, you can tell us all about it. Unless it's top secret. In which case, you can still tell us all about it,” his father laughed.
Castiel looked up from 'Common Tuberous Plants with Medicinal Properties.' 'I believe the roots are from the plant Wasabia Japonica.' He flipped the book around and held it up for Sam and Dean to see. Sure enough, there was a botanical print of the very same roots that were currently sitting on the table in the middle of the room.
The oldest section of the town, where the students amassed on weekdays armed with sketchbooks and pens, was filled with old-fashioned English cottages that clashed weirdly with several streets of Queen Anne buildings. The old styles then gradually gave way to bungalows that housed mostly offices and clinics innocently masquerading as family-friendly homes but for the crisp official signs on the front lawns saying things like 'Dental Practice, Dr. L. Mueller.' After those came the more modern homes and a couple of suburban-style housing estates. It was a strange mishmash of a town made of pieces of local history cobbled together and polished with use, routine, and the comfort of familiarity.
Dean tried not to think about all the dog fur that was going to be coating the seats. He had inherited the car last year when their father had been killed by a drunk driver, and had subsumed his grief in working on her. He had slaved away for months repairing the frame, the upholstery, and the parts under the hood as if removing every trace of the accident could somehow magically erase it from their lives and bring John Winchester back. When he had finally finished and peeled away the protective tape after the paint job, the car had looked as good as new, and Dean had picked up a pipe and broken the windows of every single car in the 'for scrap' section of Bobby's yard.
'Good to see you, kiddo. You grew about a foot,' Bobby grumbled. 'Who's your friend?'
Dean chimes in, 'You can see some of Cas' work today, he's made a few decorations for the café.' Cas shoots him a grateful smile and Dean winks. 'Come and see it.'
'Where's here, exactly?' Dean asks.
'I should go help Kevin. Jo really was injured.' Dean makes a mental note to call Chuck in twenty minutes to check on her. 'You don't have rooms to yourself yet, right? You're still shadowing?'
'I like yours! What is it? Is it a car from the future?'
Dean felt all the blood drain from his face and then rush back. He was beet red, he could tell. He glanced reflexively at Sam, who was hiccuping now.
“You're right, that might be a bit too much,” his mother ceded. “And you and Jimmy must be busy with the cookbook.”
Dean is horrified. 'No! God no. Why would you think that? She's like a sister to me.'
The sunlight sprinkled the picnic table, children's laughter rang out around them, and the air smelled like food, animals, grass, summer. John let himself relax into the warmth of the day. He could feel today as if it was a memory already - golden, beautiful, a little blurry at the edges. His boys were happy. His friends were with him. At times like this, he could almost hear Mary's voice again. The next hour or so passed like this. The adults relaxed as much as they could while keeping an eye on the kids, occasionally striding over to referee. The kids played together, joined in with groups of other children, and the breeze blew by and kept on going over the flat state of Kansas to who-knew-where. And then it was time to go. Ellen and Bobby fished out the baby wipes and John walked over to Dean and Castiel, who had gone back to their chalk drawings. He stood and watched them for a moment. They were sitting side by side and seemed so engrossed in what they were doing that John didn't want to interrupt. Dean was pointing to the things he'd drawn and explaining them to Castiel.
'Why not?'
They were shouting now, stepping closer to one another.
Bobby and Sam look at Dean, expectant. 'One charming and elusive boyfriend, coming right up. He's meeting us there.'
Sam looked up from saving his book and did a double-take. 'Uh, Cas? What is that?' Cas opened his mouth to answer.
“See you tomorrow!” Inias called cheerfully as Cas locked the doors behind them, and waved. Cas returned the wave with a smile. He usually didn't leave straight away, he usually spent a little time alone in the humid silence of the Nursery, but today was his day to babysit Claire and he couldn't wait. He loved his niece: He had watched her grow up from a newborn to a toddler to a child, from her princess phase to the dinosaur one, and on to the obsession with animals from other countries. Every time he saw her she had a new animal to talk about.
Cas feels his shoulders tense up. The rice and meat inside smell like oil. His bruises ache. He doesn't need this food. Dean is already chewing, but Sam is looking at Cas with clear eyes. “I'm not really hungry,” Cas tells him. “My stomach is pretty upset.” Sam nods and takes the box away, but his eyes linger on Cas' face.
They carried their stockings to the living room together, and Sam gasped. 'Wow, Dad!' Their fake tree was out from the attic, up in the middle of the room, covered with lights and their usual homemade decorations (the tissue paper angel Dean had made in third grade, the small macaroni frame that Sam had smothered with Elmer's glue and glitter, the paper chain they had made together last year out of construction paper). Crepe paper hung from the window frames and there were snow globes on the mantelpiece next to the photo of them all at the zoo. A small pile of presents was half-hidden under the tree's lower branches. Dean yawned and lay his stocking carefully on the couch.
'Don't be a stick-of-dynamite-in-the-mud.'
'Sam, give us a minute.'
'Okay, dad.'
'Sure.' Dean knew that it wouldn't have mattered if he had a house full of family and happy memories, he'd follow Cas anywhere. He grabs a couple of plastic forks from the shelf with room supplies. They walk outside and the night air swirls around them, the smell of rain stronger now, tinged with the scent of the flowers from the hotel garden. Dean hears Cas breathe deeply.
Cas shrugs. 'I took a course in fine art and craft in college, and glass was my favourite medium. And I invested in equipment and a studio space, and started blowing sculptural pieces, which didn't bring in a lot of money. So I branched off into boutique dishware and interior design as well.'
'Anna thinks I need to open my mind.'
Jimmy answered as if he had seen Castiel's eye-roll. “You know Gabe, he couldn't disengage his flirting gears even if he tried. Besides, I think he's barking up the wrong tree. This guy is wearing flannel and hiking boots.” Castiel could tell that Jimmy was peeking at the new neighbour from around the corner when his voice dropped to a whisper. “Actually, he seems really decent. He's tolerating Gabe's ridiculous eyebrow waggles so – oh holy shit, he's blushing.”
'Shh, meet 'n' greet later. We're going to go set off some fireworks, do you guys want to come?' Two enthusiastic yeses. Jess and Sam ran back to grab their shoes and to ask Jess' parents, who agreed on the condition that Jess was back by ten-thirty. They piled into the car and drove.
Dean felt his stomach sink. Cas wasn't spoiled. Cas was...Cas. His Cas. Cas, who had filled Dean's stocking one Christmas and made him believe in magic, if just for a millisecond. His best friend. No, he reminded himself. Cas wasn't his friend. Hadn't the last few months proved that? There was another, smaller voice at the back of Dean's mind that screamed at him for being stupid and stubborn and wrong, but it was drowned out as a few choice memories reared their heads. Anger glittering in Cas' eyes in the dark. Cas storming down the stairs. Cas' hard voice saying 'Because you know that wasn't my idea.' Watching through a crack in his bedroom curtains as Cas disappeared. Pain swept through him like a tidal wave. His anger propelled him the rest of the way.
'Just went the wrong way.'
'It's great. Though many of the people in my dorm have tragically fallen victim to a series of holiday-themed pranks.' Gabriel sighed dramatically, fooling no one.
'What's up?' Jess asked.
Dean drives to work with the windows down, the breeze ruffling his hair and clothes, one arm extended out the window. It feels good to have someone to look after again. Jo isn't Sam, but it still feels good. In fact, Dean could say that Jo is more like brother and Sam more like a sister. Dean snickers, imagining what Sam would say to that. Probably huff and give Dean bitchface #6 (Knock It Off, Asshole), or harp on about modern gender roles. All in all, Dean feels incredibly happy when he pulls up to work. He feels useful again, and that night with Cas keeps replaying in the back of his mind. He walks in with a spring in his step, and all day, his movements in the kitchen (lifting, turning, walking, kneading) feel like a dance.
He held up both hands. 'Not a thing. I should probably be paying you.'
Cas feels warmer than he should given the temperature of the bunker. “Let me just...put these down.”
“I saw the 'sold' sign this morning. Congratulations!”
Dean thinks of the dream all day. He's lost in it. The look on Castiel's face, the falling droplets of water, the feeling of being frozen. He's not really in the mood for chatting, so he's grateful for the hectic schedule of the day. The machines chunter and rattle in corners, and the noises of the appliances destroy any hope for conversation. Dean's glad. Otherwise, someone might ask him why he's so distracted, and he might have to think about it, and he doesn't want to. It's a bank holiday weekend, and a slew of people are booked in. The cleaning crew are in and out all day, running back and forth with cups, saucers, napkins, bottles of cleaning solution. Dean looks up every time, hoping to see Castiel.
He rubbed his fingertips together. Was he imagining it or could he still feel the silty powdery slickness of ash? A discordant note in an otherwise familiar song. It was a small thing, such a small thing, but it felt like a rift in space had opened and disturbed reality. He felt out of place and slightly unreal, as if someone had drawn him as a clumsy afterthought onto the canvas of his life.
'Sam, what the hell is that?'
'I'll swing by your house and get whatever you need for the next couple days, just text me a list.'
'Thanks,' Dean says, and grabs some licorice.
'Where do you keep the aspirin?'
'Is this a bad time? I can ask someone else.'
Movement caught his eye. Anna strolled into the kitchen and slung an arm around Cas' shoulders, stole a bit of his cereal. Cas smiled up at her as she said something. Dean was surprised by how normal she looked. She had bluish bags under her eyes, sure, but who wouldn't after what she'd been through? Aside from that, she looked healthy, happy, and pink-cheeked. Dean wondered what she was saying. He imagined long strings of gibberish. In his mind, Cas smiled placidly at her garbled worlds, nodded calmly as her nonsense slid around the bright, clean kitchen. After all, Dean thought, weren't all words just random sounds? What made his speech, anyone's speech, different from an assortment of weird animal noises? Dean saw his reflection in the darkened windows of Cas' shed, then he glanced back to Crowley and Bela, not-so-distant dark smudges. For some reason, he thought of Benny. Benny would never let Dean do this. If he was here, he'd give Dean that look of his. He wouldn't even need to try to talk Dean out of it, he'd just tell Dean what Dean already knew: He couldn't do this to Cas. It wasn't in him. But Benny'd been keeping his distance since Dean had started hanging out with Bela, Crowley, Meg, and their crowd. Dean didn't blame him. Dean wasn't the same person he was before. And Cas wasn't either. Dean hardened. He didn't want to lose face. And besides, didn't Cas deserve it?
At least one from each District died.
Charlie said that she had nothing to go back too as her mother was taken out off life support and her dad is dead.
“But, you fantasize about it, sometimes when you think to loud and call my name –“
Everyone flinched and got into a relfex position of an  attack. Except for Winchester. Who looked resigned, tired and annoyed.
"Well, that was unexpected." Rocket broke the silence.
Dean raised a brow. 10 was the highest to ever be achieved by a Tribute in years. No one ever made or to 11 or 12.
"Whatever you say... Captain."
He was too tired for this shit and his morning mutter made Dean nervous.
In then end the apocalypse was stopped. It was between Lucifer and Arc angel Michael. According to Winchester, they were vessels for the Angels.
Castiel tunes Gordon’s explanation out and looks up at the tree where Winchester was hiding. Sure enough he was gone, but he seems to have left a message.
There was a feast inside the small section. In the centre was a huge, cooked pig with a apple in the mouth.
Sam knew Dean was Bisexual. He knew that Dean didn’t know he knew. He always waited for his brother to tell him himself.
Dean snorted. “Course you’d say that, you’re from District 1, you have any idea what the poorer Districts have to go through to survive, we produce the products, so you people can survive, but you give us 1% of what we make and produce, then there’s this whole thing of the dividing and killing…it’s a whole new level of Sadism.”
Sam hid his amused huff. “Huh, yeah, we have an appointment with a Mrs Potts-Stark.”
Dean had that aura around him. He may hide behind the cocky, bullshit, don’t give a damn personality, but Dean Winchester was actually a beacon that attracts everything.
Winchester scoffed. "Fine, ask away Iron Asshole."
"It was Castiel that manged to do it, I was tudne Shuman, but the Mark can't be removed, it still whispers to me... To kill... To hurt... That with the guilt if trying to kill Sammy and nightmares of Hell... I was a danger, which is how I ended up here."
Lisa hugged him as well. Told him he was a self sacrificing idiot and that he better come back or else.
When she aimed it wasn’t exactly bulls eye and she aimed at a vital point in the target.
“Climb!” Castiel shouted over the wind rushing through Dean’s ears.
“What?”
It was good to let out some release after the few days he had. God knows he needed it.
He, somewhat, admired Dean Winchester. It was scary thought.
“No, but we do have ways to give us an advantage, if what Crowley says is correct then you can’t fight a war without an Army, and recently, monster activity has been down, so my guess is, This douchbag is creating an army, and I am going to be teaching you guys how to kill monsters from the Supernatural world.”
And Castiel had to admit that he found Dean’s courage inspiring.
Dean just shrugged. Not willing to play the game Shurley wants.
They stayed like that. Chest to chest, the body heat keeping them warm.
He kept silent after that. Both males lost in their own thoughts.
"So what's with this guy, that you need the Guardians help?" The Racoon, Rocket, Bucky forced himself to remeber, asked.
Dean met up with Johanna, Rowena and Bobby outside. The tributes from the other districts were all talking, admiring and comparing outfits. Maddison, Jo’s stylist, dressed her up well. Gone was the terrified girl and in place was a confidant women. She wore a black dress. The top was leather and the bottom fell in loose silk. Her blonde hair was in a neat plaited bun with two curls on the side.
His plan was that after dad killed Yellow Eyes, he would use the money, buy a house, get Sammy to college whilst dad worked with Bobby in the salvage year, Dean would go off to MIT (he got accepted into 5 other institutions as well) where he would meet a boy or a girl and then live the normal apple pie life.
No one knew or heard about the chaos going on in District 11.
Once they were out of the way, Dean took a breath and aimed his arrow. Focusing on the pack of apples hanging just above the mine.
Thor had a constipated look that made Quill and Drax tease him about, and everyone else’s was still snapping out of it.
Sam would never forgive himself for being chosen. Because of him, his dumb, self sacrificing brother would be either heartbroken or dead.
After the whole blip thingy that happened where him, Sam and Cas ended in some sort of dimension, according to Cas, Dean made the choice of leaving.
"Wait, there's a king of hell?"
He let her go.
"So, this is the on famous Dean Winchester." Stark stated. Bucky assessed everyone in the room out of habit.
“What was that?” Castiel asked amazed. Dean smiled softly at the awe on the older boys face.
The eventful morning atmosphere vanished when FRIDAY’s alarms blared.
Winchester, grudgingly, went own, graphically, about jump starting the apocalypse. Which happened after Ultron apparently.
"Where were you?" Peter Quill asked their new recruit who just enterd their ship.
“I’m too tired for this, Sammy, go to your room and yes I did sleep with Thor, yes his d*ck is as huge as you would think…and no Cas, I don’t have feelings for Thor, I was drunk and it was a one night thing because it was after I left… now, Cas, you can bunk with me because I have a feeling that this is just the start of your possessiveness and Sammy, close your mouth or you’ll catch flies.”
Castiel has been alive since the beginning. He has observed humanity at its finest. He admired many human beings. King Arthur, Nelson Mandela, Mahathma Ghandi, ect.
Dean scowled. “No! It’s…it’s a promise ring.” He said weakly with a blush.
Maria quickly filled the rest on what happened before allowing Fury to take over.
Winchester looked tired.
He may not know much about what happened for Winchester to call himself a monster but the way Winchester expressed his love caused Steves big heart to break.
He decorated the outside of their laying place. Before putting a single white flower on their chest, hands clasping it.
Errors and mistakes are on me.
Winchester looked scandalized. "I don't want to be in your stupid file." he growled and for a minute he looked like Bucky when they had him in the pod.
"Dean,would you care to notify us about what we are dealing with?"
“Thank you Benny, for everything.” Dean nodded.
So, thank you guys for motivating me to continue this book. 🤗
Fury had no idea why the kid was here in the first place. Damn Stark.
"You're a threat, according to the Files, we wanted the extraction to go smoothly." Steve replied.
“Mockingjays.”
Castiel woke up with a headache. The last thing he remembers was Lucifer and Michael fighting before everyone separated. Castiel got caught in the crossfire before being injured and left.
But the Capitol loved it, and that was all that mattered.
But here Winchester was, teaching a tribute how to defend herself.
They were the first 2 Victors of the Games so a they could loophole the main protocol.
He called the Avengers in the debriefing room. The Guardians included. They decided to stay on earth as the outer space area was being handled expertly by Carol Danvars.
Winchester looked uncomfortable. "Yeah well, Azazel burned my mother when I was only 4 years old, he also killed my dad and burnt my brothers girlfriend just like how he burnt my mum, we killed him when we had the Colt," Fury saw the sympathetic looks from most of the Avengers. Ecah of them lost their parents.
God, people were sick to support this. Dean’s humanity was gonna be eaten bit by bit and people were enjoying it.
“What’s your name, dear?” Rowena asked when he arrived on stage. Dean glared. “Dean…Dean Winchester.”
Before Team A could leave they were once again attacked by men in black suits. They had telekinesis, invulnerablity
Talking to Winchester was confusing. He seemed excited at first. Fanboying, according to the internet now days, but as Tony atrted mentioning his failed recruitment and files he became defensive and closed off.
He wouldn't Even believe Winchester about the Angel thing if it wasn't for the device.
A short passage way just outside his bedroom which leads to the lounge area that had an expensive flat screen TV and comfortable sofas. Next to that was small circular dining table. Directly opposite the dining area was a kitchen that had his basics needs. (Toaster, fridge, etc.). This all came with the apartment and it was $250 a month. Very reasonable.
And finally the call ended.
He glanced down again, when he saw Castiel look above.
Winchester raised a brow. “I healed your wounds Cas, I’m pretty sure if I wanted to kill you I would left you to die from it, besides I kinda like you, so no.” Winchester replied amused and had a small blush.
"Ah come now Squirrel a cold greeting after our little romantic fling? Oh and do tell your new friends to stand down, I ask because I have viral information for you, Darling."
Needless to say, Dean was not complaining and if all the enhanced humans with super hearing heard the cries of pleasure as Dean begged for an orgasm as Castiel teased him, well Dean didn’t even care.
Dean and Castiel scrambled on top of the silver, disfigured building.
A loud Canon went boom and a picture of Lucifer showed on the dimmed sky.
“Winchester.” Castiel acknowledged. Confused as too why the District 12 tribute saved him.
“Very well…our two tributes…Johanna Harvelle and Dean Winchester.” She was expecting an applause, Dean could tell but instead District 12 Saluted. The three middle fingers brought to their lips and then moving it up to the air. A sign of respect. Dean caught his father’s eyes. Both of them held gazes until John nodded again.
Steve blanched.
"How the hell do you know that?" he growled. He hated shady government agencies more then he hated the monsters he hunts.
"Since when you became Yoda, Crowley?"
request future scene you want to see and I will try to make them fit into this story.
All around him parachutes were flying. 26 Sponsors. Sam counted. Dean impressed them!?
It was near dusk, when all hell broke loose.
Dean managed to pull himself up and strung his last arrow.
When Dean woke up from a night of drinking his sorrows away in typical Winchester style he didn't expect to wake up in bed with someone else. Or well, the trace of someone else.
Castiel could understand everyone’s curiosity. Because never has anyone, experienced especially, help another Tribute learn a weapon. Fire and ropes yeah, but never defence and offense. It was a too valuable skill.
Instead of being on the other side of the camera, however, it was an attractive man instead.
Dean would have stopped to admire it if Castiel hadn’t attacked first.
She fell with a gasp. Jessica and Dean lifted Jo and dragged her to safety but Dean’s arrow didn’t do much good because Abaddon swung another knife hitting Jessica in the chest who slumped.
"After your father died, you and brother trailed off completing his work, until 2 years ago, you then disappeared for 4 months and Sam Winchester was staying at a hotel with his new girlfriend... Where were you?"
“You’re beautiful.” Castiel couldn’t help but say. He grinned at Dean’s blush.
Tony had to admit he was curious as well about the whole Qunatum thing.
"Because I don't work for anybody, certainly not shadey agencies who approach you at night and claim to be watching you."
“What do you want Hellfire?” He growled. Stepping in front of Jo as he saw the creep eye her like a piece of meal.
He stopped when he heard everyone quieten down and turned to see none other then Dean Winchester.
Finally, the 4 Princes of Hell, they have Yellow Eyes, which is what you heve encountered as well, although I'm not sure which one, they have the low and middle rank abilities combined with the Knights abilities, they are however much more powerful with Abilties that match the Angels, they were apart of the fallen Angels during Lucifers fall and are even more psychotic, there are 4 of them, Azazel,"
“I’m not going to make love to you now Dean, not in a guest bed, I will however, punish you for sleeping with a Norse God even though you knew you were mine, I claimed you first Dean Winchester.” And Castiel literally pounced on his prey.
When Team A captured Subject
The lady led them to a huge apartment where Pepper Potts – Stark stood.
Dean narrowed his eyes. “The hell are you?” he asked, ignoring Vas’s warning.
John Winchester may not have been a caring and overly affectionate father but he loved his boys. Dean knew that. Ever since John gave him the responsibility of Sam.
“Hello, Winchester.” He purred. Dean glared at him.
As if sensing the atmosphere, his younger brother glanced up.
He glared at Castiel. "No.” Dean hissed before Castile pulled him in a hug. They stayed like that for a while, before Dean stood up,pocking up the dagger and walking towards Castiel. A determined, cold look on his face blade pointing Castiel.
"Where is he?"
He pulled out the notebook and wrote his thoughts and feelings, feeling like a teenage girl pinning, but it helped his mind to relax and distracted him from the outside horrors.
He was waiting for his stylist. Apparently District 12 got two new ones. Not that Dean cared, usually their outfits were the worst.
As Castiel and the rest of his allies hiked through the Arena, he had to hold back his annoyance at Allister rumblings. He was going on and on about Dean Winchester and what he wants to do to him.
The plan was simple. Lure Michael and Gordon away from the cornucopia then blow up their supplies. Surely, they wouldn’t be able to survive.
"Yes, but this is a new threat, according to Sir Fury... We are needed to help and prepare in a battle that will be greater then Thanos."
I feel like such a bad person and a jerk by not completing this book and it hurts me to see a WIP on my profile.
“No deals, Crowley, or I will smite you.” Dean warned.
Training was the usual. He was preparing for his demonstration which was where he would be showing off his skills in front of the Games Maker and President. So they could score him and help him get sponsors if he succeeds.
He was glad to have a breath of Fresh Air in New York. Sure it was far from the Bunker but Sam and Castiel didn't need to know that. He found an apartment that was sketchy and no Papaer trail to track, he got enough money thanks to all those nights he worked the streets and bars as well doing odd maintenance jobs for food when him and Sammy were younger. His savings was for his own house.
Dean huffed. “Bisexual.” He pulled away from Castiel’s intense stare with a blush and cleared his throat. Clapping Sam on his back he licked his lips.
“Did…you guys just get married… in my room?” Stark asked. Everyone looked confused and in shock.
Dean held back his disgust at the awful thoughts Allister said out loud.
Phill was impressed. He never missed anything and when Winchester pulled out a gun Phill actually missed it as it was off safety and aimed in an area that would not effect any organ damage.
am going to be selfish.”
“Welcome to the 74th Hunger Games…” Dean zoned out on the speech he knew too well that was spoken from the red haired with a thick Capitol accent who introduced herself as Rowena MaCloyde only paying attention when he realised it was time for the reaping.
His father snorted. When Dean came out as Bi his father just shrugged, “And water is wet, what else is new boy?” before walking away with a accepting pat on the eldest back.
What shocked Castiel most though, was another note.
Cap gave his kicked puppy look and Tony knew that if that look was given to him he would be on the floor begging for forgiveness but Barnes just huffed. "You're not fooling me Stevie, let's go." Barnes ordered as he helped Cap up and excorted him out.
“Give them hell… Brother.” Benny’s hand resting gently on his shoulder.
Dean held out his hand and flipped the camera the middle finger. One of the most disrespectful and crudest hand gesture.
Unlike other District girls, her face wasn’t painted in make up but had enough to make it look natural.
And there it was again. The Rebellious side of Winchester –
-TheWinterSoldier2002
“Of cause you weren’t! but you see I can’t have another Civil War during my reign, so you need to put this out…show the people of Panem that what to did was because you were just a scared a little boy who wanted to survive…convince me that what you did in the Games was just for survival and that you don’t really care about Castiel he was mearly an ends to your survival.”
Picking up the bow and arrow he lifted up and aimed for the apple at the pigs mouth. Smirking when he saw the arrow hit dead centre before landing on the wall.
“I can’t believe you got Pie!” Jo giggled. She knew about his obsession with pie.
Taking a deep breath, Crowley looked at the low rank demon, “The only thing we can do is prepare for war, clearly Druid has taken the arsenal he needs already, meaning he has no use for the remaining demons in Hell, I believe, gentlemen, we are officially on the side of the Winchesters in this war, and I just hope that Dean Winchester and his merry band of misfits will be able to come up with a plan.”
"Well according to the government you're dead, now if you Co operate, then there is no need for a truth device." Tony informed.
He excuses himself from Jo, towards the refreshments when he bumped into Castiel.
Dean then noticed the huge hare on Lee’s waist.
Once the door was closed on his stunned brother, Dean turned.
“Love you Cas, Marry me, please, if I get to wake up every day like this.” Dean moaned as he sat up and took a sip. He paused when he realized what he said. His head shot up to a frozen Castiel, thank God, the awkward moment was interrupted by Sam barging in.
Bucky hit Steve on the back of his head claiming, “Where’s my promise ring, Stevie?”
Dean shook his head. In denial.
Without even asking permission to leave, Tony mused as he saw Fury look defeated at the two Super Soldier beasties (although, from the moans and loud noises Barns made lat Nighy, they probably more then beasties).
"Ugh, call me Dean please, Mr Winchester is my dad."
Around him were the pack of Hell hounds. All dead. Every single one of them.
"Now that everyone's made happy, can I get on with this?"
Depsite being captive and caged he was still powerful and had the ability to manipulate people,
Dean stared at the file. He was in one of the huge ass rooms in the Avengers tower. After his interrogation they gave him his own room which was actually like a godamn apartment.
Before grabbing his things and turning away. Not watching as the Carriers appeared to take his friends away.
Dean Winchester was his. No pathetic excuse of an Angel) or anyone for that matter) would take his beloved away from him.
Shurley smiled like the cat that got the milk.
They were discussing a plan of sorts to take down his brother. It seemed even the Gamemakers wanted Dean dead because of his record breaking score. Sam wasn’t too shocked about that.
The Knights of Hell are next," Fury noted how Winchester shifted uncomfortably and unconsciously rubbed his arm, and going by the  looks from most of those present they noticed it as well.
“Dean?!” Castiel exclaimed looking out of breath, weapon raised. Dean pulled him into a hug. “What the hell is wrong with you Cas? Don’t you know those berries are poisonous!” Dean scolded. Heart racing.
Yeah, the won the games. Dean got home to Sammy and Castiel got to honour the memory of his brother that mysteriously disappeared.
Dean was on his knees, panting heavily. Scratches and blood smeared on his body, a bloodied knife in his hands, bow and arrow laying besides him. His shirt was clawed. Blonde hair dyed with blood spats.
“Castiel Novak with a score of… Oh my… 10.”
"Wait, Mr Winchester sir, did you meet a Prince of Hell and L-Lucifer?" Parker asked.
Some looked intrigued others horrified and in awe.
Sam Winchester and the angel Castiel pulled into Brooklyn. Thanks to a contact, they manged to rent a nice apartment whilst they try and get into the Avengers tower for Dean.
I'm sorry for the super long wait. Good news of that o completed my previous story and now can solely focus on this fic so you can expect more updates sooner.
"Sorry, but I'm not interested." Dean said, voice hard, without turning and then got into his car.
I Love to read you guy's comments and Kudos, it's what motivates me to write and continue so please feel free to critique.
“What the Hell happened?” he asked.
After everything died down and Drax stopped looking so confused (and Steve started lecturing everyone on manners and maturity only to be interrupted by Bucky’s, “Stop being a prude, Stevie, you screw me six weeks to Sunday almost every night, and you have the mouth of a sailor when you order me to call you Captain.” This caused Tony, Quill and Rocket to ask questions, finally thanks to Gamora and Pepper, everyone quietened enough to listen to Dean.)
Peter moaned. "Ah come on Mr Fury Nicholas sir, it was only one time."
Good and Bad.
Blue met Green. One looked amused whilst the other looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
"Since I found out that your biggest enemy is yet to come."
He told them to leave him alone. But it seems that stubbornness runs through The Winchesters blood because here they were.
"Oh Come on Sammy, Cas, what you expect to wait around in Bunker whilst you find away to save me, here's what you don't get,
Shurley leaves. A trail of raspberries cologne in his wake.
“I was very lucky.” Dean said.
"Right, oh by the way Dean, Moose and your Angel are tracking you down."
Besides, his father added, in a world where Monsters exist, who Dean sleeps with is the least of issues. Just as long as his baby boy uses protection.
The countdown ended and everything was a blur to Dean. He dodged attacks and weapons, heading straight to the Cornucopia despite Bobby’s warnings.
He met up with Jo’s mum. She had tears in her eyes. Dean wanted to say something, to reassure Ellen that he will keep Jo safe but he knew that in a game like this…it is one man for himself. So together with Jo, Rowena and Bobby, who was the mentor and winner of the 56th games, they went towards the train and made there way towards the Capitol.
Dick Roman walked around the lab. “Come on people I need ideas, so far our audience are loving the drama but demanding more action, we need to satisfy them.”
Tony huffed. So much for that. "Hey, Lang Man, how about I join you on that trip to Hope?" he said finally and Scott grinned.
Dean released the arrow, successfully hitting his target and Sam watched as the whole thing exploded in flames before running like hell.
, I want it to be over, look, I'm not asking for anything in return, I may never... I may never come home Sammy, at least not now, I'm sorry, but you said it yourself... Maybe it's time we just go our separate ways." Winchester said. Voice stoney.
A footage of 30 men and women in black stormed the area. Some were growling, others were walking as if they owned the place. There was a few that had pitch black eyes and 4 Djinns.
And didn’t that mortify Sam. He always saw his father in a different light since then.
Winchester snorted. “Cas, this whole game is shitty.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is that… A camera?” Gordon muttered and sure enough there was hidden camera with a knife in the middle.
During Dean’s explanation, however, (and unbeknownst to the hunter) A certain Angel of the Lord and Norse God were glaring at each other.
Sam wanted to kill them for even thinking about it. His brother was a damn good man and now that he seemed to be bonding with this Novak guy, he’s gonna be torn. Yet another win for the Makers in breaking Deans humanity and ability to be strong, emotionally and physically.
Sam took a relieved breath. Dean managed to survive another day.
Sam heard the howling the exact same time Dean did.
“Hey, Jo, Jo…you’re okay, you’re gonna be okay.” Dean gasped through sobs trying to stop the bleeding.
“So get this, I hacked into FRIDAY, Starks AI and pulled out your file, apparently SHIELD tried to recruit you?” the Moose said walking in whilst looking at his lap top.
Steve watched as the evaluation was being done. Winchester answered the questions effortlessly. Not once did the device electicute him.
“Welcome to the land of the living.” A deep voice said.
Castiel waited for kill with his eyes closed. Flashes of Jimmy and then Dean drifting through his mind.
it manged to escape by 'smoking out of its mouth.'
Tony saw Barnes stare at Cap, annoyed. "Rogers if you don't get your punk ass to the medical room right now then I'm going to knock you unconscious and drag you there."
Lee was slightly shorter then Dean with a southern accent. He was muscular and had the most understanding yet hard hazel eyes.
…day, they all retreated back to their rooms provided by Pepper. Sam, once he was done finally accepting the fact that he was in the actual Avengers tower and met the Guardians and Castiel, who, for some reason, seemed to have formed a sort of dislike towards Thor, decided to ambush him in his room.
He saw Tony Stark look offended so then added, "Oh I know you too, huge fan."
“I see, now let’s talk about your score… You got a 12…you want to tell us your secret?”
Chuck Shurley glared at the image of Dean Winchester. After the burial and salute of respect to District 9 and 11, both Districts seemed to have rised up in anger. Attacking the Peacemakers located in their District.
Everyone’s jaw dropped. A freaking 12?!
"Hell."
“What?!” Castiel shouted towards the sky.
Thank you.
Dean and Castiel got down in relief. Dean collapsed against Castles waiting arms. Sobbing softy and clutching him.
Like an Angel.
The women on the team seemed to have snapped out it and cooed and the beautifully craved delicate silver ring that had symbols around it.
Steve gulped. He was not expecting this. He was nor expecting this long story about apocalypses and Angels and demons. Sometimes he wished he was back to fighting Nazis.
Tony didn't know when last so many people were in the Avengers tower.
Once the device was secured, Winchester glaring in distrust, Fury repeated his question.
"Stark, Rogers and Vison will be the Extraction, Barton, Barns and Wilson you'll be on look out, Banner and Lang you both are on comms and Wanda..." Fury looked at her with a pleading look, "You're on Parker duty."
"I'm proud of you Sammy."
Castiel felt grim satisfaction for some reason. Maybe even pride. And surprisingly, no fear at all. There was a reason Winchester got a 12 in his scoring.
“Your District represents coal right?” Benny asked as he circled Dean. The latter nodded.
"Dean, New York, seriously?"
“Three..” they say together and raise there hands to their mouths before,
Thor wasn’t stupid. Dense about some Midgard traditions but he wasn’t stupid.
Something was wrong. Castiel felt it in the air. He suspected the other careers felt it as well. They were trekking North. Each one looking for threats. Which is why Castiel almost missed Megs gasp.
“Volunteering already has the Capitols attention Dean, play with that and use it to your advantage, use your loyalty to you your family, you got that charming look in you so be charming but not to charming.”
It did sound ridiculous but they have fought Aliens and a purple, big chines Titan so... Nothing really surprises him anymore, hell, he even met a talking Racoon.
Sam watched in horror as Dean managed to take down the one Hell hound. Only to be surrounded by 3 more. 4 altogether.
It has been a day since Dean Winchester has joined the compound and was given privacy to go over the files.
Sorry for the late update. Things in my country were a bit crazy.
"I don't know Sammy, I'm sorry... I hope... I hope you can forgive me, don't forget what I thought you... Yeah?"
“Everyone suit up, we don’t know what we dealing with.” Steve said grabbing his Shield.
Sorry about that 😁
“Pregnant!? I can't get pregnant! Can I get pregnant? Dean asked mortified at the insane yet not impossible task if your sleeping with a powerful being about the same time as Sam smacked Dean’s arm and said, “You slept with Thor?!”
He had mixed feelings about Dean's departure. The man admitted his love for Castiel (this made Castiel happy) but at the same time Castiel was hurt that his hunter had left him because of guilt.
“A disagreement and fight, Lucifer and Michael had their egos clashed which resulted in a fight, Meg, unfortunately, got caught in the crossfire, Allister managed to escape with Lucifer and Michael with Gordon after he attacked me, I believe he thought I was dead…”
Tony looked afraid. And most of them knew it was probably the PTSD of Ultron because the exact same thing happened.
"I'm blocking it out." Clint huffed, aiming for the knife Barnes currently had in the air. He growled in warning and moved the knife just before the aroow could hit it.
“Dean…hey, Dean…listen to me okay?” Castiel whispered as he kneeled down, taking a crying Dean in his arms.
Also, the comics Dean reads in this scene is actually the MCU movies. In the comics Bucky was actually a kid and Caps sidekick so in this one, the comics is that Bucky was how he is in the movie universe.
“Hey there, I’m Dean.” He said and held out his hand. She shied away but Dean didn’t feel offended.
God Dammit!
His favorite was Captain America, but after hearing the story of his alive best friend Bucky Barns and then pestering Sam to see the Hydra files Black Widow released, Dean felt an emotional connection to his story.
Planning to not let a all powerful being get released from hell is really tiring. Thanks to the money of one Tony Stark however, it was a little bit easy.
When they were preparing their carriages Castiel felt a pair of eyes on him. Turning he saw Dean Winchester staring at him. Castiel always made sure the other person turned away first when they stare him down, but Winchester seemed determined and a stubbornness showed in his eyes, Castiel was surprised at this and glanced away.
“You already did so much for me Dean, the bag is big enough for both of us, plus, with this weather, you’d die of hypothermia.” Castiel replied with a frown.
Grabbing his wallet Dean left his new apartment. It wasn't very big.
“You know, if you wanted to know what I was writing you could have just asked.”
They knew the right thing was to give Dean his space. But it ruins the dynamic between Sam And Castiel. Dean was a buffer. Always had been. Between Sam and Dad. And now, Cas, who had a profound, soulmate bond to Dean, and Sam, Dean’s platonic soulmate.
His mission was almost complete. All that was left was to escape his prison, find his consort and then rule the 3 realms.
Dean was Bisexual. He came to terms with that and it was one of the reasons he left Lisa, he even shared a kissed with a guy back home. So even though Castiel was hot as fire there was something more about the District 1 that went above attraction to the outside appearance.
"Dean, I will never stop loving you, no matter you do or what you did... I will never stop loving you, so you better come back to me... To us... You hear me?" 'Cas' demanded.
“Thanks.”
Screw them.
"Crowley..." Winchester said through gritted teeth.
It was disturbing. The answer that Winchester gave.
He snuck out of his room towards the balcony, he stared at the sky which was clear and full of stars.
Okay, so I finally got the the interaction of Destiel. Hope you guys enjoy.
As far as the the Capitol was concerned, there was only one Novak in the bloodline.
Which is why was suprised when he found himself hissing as pain shot up from his lower body.
I am so sorry.
Once inside he took a bite I moaned. God, this was the best pie he has ever had.
And Quill resisted the urge to feel insecure about it.
"Listen, I don't care weather you guys are  superheroes or Jesus, but if you even think about going to my brother and attacking him like you did to me, no serum or body Armour can protect you." Winchester growled. And Steve's wasn't sure of it was his imagination but a flaring red light was shinning from Winchesters arm.
They all watched in anticipation as Dean settled his bow. His brother was smart. Killing them naturally then brutally. The only lake was at least a 3 day hike and with no food and water they would die of starvation or dehydration.
Dean was awoken by leaves crunching. He glanced own from his spot, bow and arrow ready when he saw the Careers.
The seemed to have thought that Novak was dead and Dean in hiding. Dean was the prize, according to them. The prize kill.
Dean smiled in confusion because that was the second person to say something like that to him.
His father caught Dean, Unknowingly, kissing a boy from a bar. Surprisingly his father just shrugged it off. He said he didn’t care who Dean slept with, as long as it didn’t effect his hunting and he wasn’t banging some monster.
"He's not lying." Rocket said, he looked disturbed. Fury looked emotionless but working with someone for so long, Steve could tell Fury was shaken.
Dick looked stunned. It was absolutely brilliant! He would have to take this up with President Shurley first.
“Well I’m flattered you think I’m simple.”
time.
They pulled away, Dean’s eyes closed, a slight smile. Castiel felt himself mirroring it before kissing Dean again. And again. And again.
After his sudden realisation with Cas, Dean strayed away from one night stands. Always flirting with Girls (and sometimes guys) who just needed a friend and not a sex partner.
Suddenly a growl filled the air and Dean just managed to dodge the thing that attacked him.
“Burn in Hell, b*tch.” Dean hissed and aimed the arrow at Allister back palm, Allister cried out, in return releasing Castiel who sucker punched him in the throat.
"Okay, seriously, as exciting as meeting the heroes I grew up reading about and now talking to me... I'm getting annoyed, why did you have knock me out?"
I posted a Hydra Stucky one shot fic as well. If you're a Bucky Fan then check it out as it is mostly centered around him., 😉
As if sensing Dean the young man turned, eyes pinning Dean. There was a challenge in them, daring him to look away first, but Dean was too damn stubborn and glared right back, smiling in triumph as those eyes widened a fraction before hardening.
The Man, who was short and slimey looking with a bit of attractiveness smirked.
“And then their was four…” Dean whispers. Looking at Castiel who looked grim.
Dean refused to think about how he’s life used to only revolve around Sammy. Now it’s this freak show.
“So, Dean… Tell us how you feel?”
"So... Are we just going ignore the fact that our mark is currently moaning like he's having sex... whilst eating pie?" Tony Stark asked. They watched as the attractive man eat pie. The comms planted in the beautiful classic 1967 Chevrolet Impala was picking up the moans. The small Stark camera picking up the visual.
He gently pushed a stunned (Dean assumed he must have broken him with his Thor confession) Sam out the room with a sympathetic expression.
Tony just stared at the specimen in front of him. He glanced at the Racoon, Rocket, who seemed to be looking at Dean Winchester in awe with a sparkle in his eyes.
God, Bucky missed the times when the only evil was Psycho Nazis and Hitler.
, Tony thought, drowning the last bit of Whiskey from the bottle he and Dean were sharing, and he thought nothing else could suprised him.
“Sammy, what have I told you about hacking into others Personal Computers unless necessary?” Dean scolded. Trying to ignore the huge ass elephant in the room.
“Want some pie?” he offered. Jo and Jessica gratefully took a piece.
Castiel could sympathise. Hell hounds, from what he heard in the myths, were extremely difficult to kill. You need at least 2 people to kill them alone and that too it was a 30% chance of survival and Castiel was pretty sure Winchester was alone.
Steve saw what the device does to liars, they get an electric shock that no one can not feel, but Winchester... Didn't even flinch.
He may have been four when she died but he knew how his mother was. And he aimed to be just like her.
“Mr Winchester and…” she trailed of looking at Castiel.
Maddison glanced at Dean and smiled at him in approval.
“You gonna have to be more specific buddy.” He informed Castiel, who took a step towards him.
They drifted close to each other, forest green staring into blue, “On three?” Castiel whispered. Dean smiled, charmingly through grime and blood and dirt.
If you had to count the amount fo times Dean was kidnapped, then you would be counting for a long time. However, seeing as he was in some sort of advanced Technology institute, it wasn't some monster he hunts. He remembers seeking Iron Mans gloved hand but he didn't know weather it was a fever dream or real.
“Let’s do this.”
Once everyone got over the initial shock and the freaking out about  having the freaking King of Hell in the tower things settled down.
Unbeknownst to the eldest Winchester, Castiel and Sam had a friendly rivalry. Each one wanting to be in the center of Dean’s world.
Which is why he found himself smiling in satisfaction at the sacred gulp Stark gave when Bucky glared at him.
.Thor was the one that snapped his fingers and reversed everything
Castiel heard Gabriel, the Host, compliment District 12. Castiel’s felt a sense of loneliness when District 12s carriage arrived, once again he and Dean met eyes and something seemed to soften of the blonde man’s face.
“Dean, NO…PLEASE NO, DEAN…DEAN…NO PLEASE…DEEEAN!” he heard the screaming and crying of Sam as Lisa, who arrived just in time, gave him a disbelief look and pulled Sam away.
Dean nodded and carefully sat up, getting out of the bed and helping Cas up. They stripped each other before making their way into the small bathroom, it would take some maneuvering but neither man would mind being so close to the other. Once the water was warmed up Dean climbed in first, relaxing under the spray as the blood, grime and dirt were washed away, Cas got in behind him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist pulling him closer. They helped each other get washed off, then get dressed again and they were both so exhausted they fell asleep within minutes.
Gabe watched Sam as he left quietly sitting down to wait while he waited for them to come back. Gabe sighed and closed his eyes, he remembered that fight, it had broken his heart but he couldn’t let Lucifer or the other stupid gods kill Sam or Dean yet. They needed to stop the Apocalypse from happening. Gabe missed Sam and being around him and not talking to him was driving him insane but he understood why Sam was giving him the cold shoulder.
The corner of Cas’ lip turned up as he tried not to laugh, “Yes, Dean, go clean up, and I will get dinner out.”
Dean smiled with excitement bubbling in his chest and he quickly got up to get the pencils he had found with the sketchbook. He was nervous at the idea of drawing Cas but also really excited. Once he found the pencils he moved the chair by his desk so he could sit there, but Cas gently stopped him, “Wouldn’t it be more comfortable for you to sit on the bed, I can sit in that chair for hours with no trouble, but you are human Dean.”
Dean chuckled before pulled Cas’ face to his and kissing his angel roughly for a moment before whispering, “Are you going to fuck me or not Angel?”
Dean smiled and cut enough paper before looking at Cas, “First thing, you want to make sure that the paper is going to cover the whole thing, width, and length.” Dean tucked the two sides of the paper over the box showing Cas then folding the corners in, “Normally you would put tape here in the middle, but I will let you do that. Next thing you fold these corners in the paper will pretty much follow along. Then you pull this up and you put more tape at the ends here and then in the middle and then voila. You could put ribbons or bows on it, but you don’t have to do all that.”
Cas chuckled softly and shook his head, “I do not think it matters now since I have already cleaned it.”
Sam waited there a moment longer as if he expected Dean to reply before pulling away and looking at Gabriel, who then turned to Cas and softly spoke, “Baby bird… do you want to light it.”
Cas shook his head dismissively and smiled some before kissing his head, “You’re welcome Honeybee, I made you breakfast too, I just wanted to help you have a better day.”
“Dean… Dean fuck…” Sam’s panicked voice came across the line.
Cas looked at his hands thinking the hunter hated it, “You don’t like it…”
Dean hummed in response and refused to let go of Cas’ hand as they walked towards his room, Dean’s free hand roaming Castiel’s body as they walked and then pushing the angel against the door to his room, kissing him desperately again. Dean had nearly lost the angel, Dean hadn’t even had a chance to ask the angel how he was alive but he wasn’t even sure he really cared. Cas was there, and that was what mattered right now at this moment.
Dean shook his head and looked away from Cas, fighting the tears forming in his eyes, all too aware of the possibility that one or both of them could have died on that hunt, “I… I almost got us killed Cas…”
Cas hummed gently, “Well I can clean this mess up if you want to start cleaning the shelves off,”
Cas finally helped Dean up as the fire was now starting to die down, they had been out here for hours now and they were both stiff. Cas gently grabbed the bucket of water Sam had brought out and poured it over the embers to keep the fire from spreading. Dean took a deep breath before they slowly made their way back into the bunker, Dean planned on making a marker for Charlie in a couple of days because she deserved it. Dean and Cas’ only point of contact was their hands that were intertwined but Dean was clinging to it desperately. Sam was laying out some food just as they cam down the stairs, Dean looked at Sam and smiled in appreciation but Sam could see the smile didn’t reach Dean’s eyes. “Thanks, Sammy…”
It's a week before Dean's birthday and Castiel has never wrapped a present before, Dean offers to help since his present is already in a boring old box and hidden from his view.
Dean smiled back at Cas, “Hey there Angel,”
Cas let Dean lean into him, wrapped his arms around him as well and then used his grace to heal Dean, the familiar warmth making Dean lean into him more. Dean yawned softly and then pulled away from Cas, “Thanks, Angel, I’ve missed you.”
Dean smiled gently, then he started to draw. The 1st two attempts were not that great as he got back into the groove of drawing again. It took Dean 2 and half hours before he finally felt like he was finished with the drawing. He looked up meeting Cas’ eyes, “Okay… uh, I think I am done…”
For a moment the girl was quiet, and Dean wondered if maybe he shouldn’t have mentioned the fact that he was in a gay relationship but then her face split into a bright smile and she practically squealed, “That is amazing! So let me guess you want something pretty meaningful, right?”
Cas bit his lip hard trying to stop tears from falling and focused as much of his grace as he could to try to help Dean’s heart beating. Dean slowly grabbed his angel’s wrist and pulled Cas closer to him, “Angel… you… you can’t… save me this time.”
Gabe touched Cas’ forehead again, making his younger brother sleep before looking at Dean, “His wings are molting… and since he is a vessel it is even worse… For us, molting happens all at once, and after the feathers are gone, they grow all in a matter of… well on Earth it’ll be about 48 hours. I need to make his wings manifest in this plane, part of the reason he is this sick is because they aren’t in the same plane.”
Cas hung his head more in shame and fought the tears, since becoming human his emotions got the better of him more often than he ever liked to admit. He whispered, “I’m sorry Dean…”
Dean looked at Sam who nodded some before tossing him the pill bottle, then a bottle of water. Dean caught both easily and gently helping Cas take the pills and sip the water. “Now these are probably going to make your head feel weird and make you tired okay so just relax.”
Cas hesitated before he moved closer to Dean, “Neither do I… but… we have each other…”
Before Cas could bury his face in Dean’s chest again he shook his head and hooked a finger under the former angel’s chin and kissed him chastely before saying, “I have been up for an hour already Cas. Come on angel, let’s go and eat some breakfast. I will even be nice and make you pancakes.”
Sorry, this is late guys, I had it wrote up but forgot to post it.
Cas sighed before slowly getting up and stretching his tired limbs out, he could audibly hear and feel the joints popping which would have sounded bad but it made him feel better. Dean gently tossed the former angel a pair of his jeans and one of his older band tees at Cas who easily caught them.
Cas watched Dean for a moment, he was starting to look slightly pale, and he was so nervous he was starting to fidget. Cas gently reached out and carefully took Dean’s hand, hoping to ease his nerves.
Dean took a deep breath as he entered the store and started to look around, after a few minutes a younger woman came over smiling at him, “Can I help you find anything today sir?”
Dean smiled before pulling Cas down with him as he laid down again, the two of them decided to just lay in bed the rest of the day.
Cas closed his eyes tightly and nodded idly, his head was spinning and he felt sick to his stomach, had gotten himself so worked up he was making himself sick. He desperately wished he could just curl up in bed with Dean.
to live in the shadows that
Dean’s nerves settled some instantly with Cas’ touch and closed his eyes, taking another deep breath. Dean opened his eyes again and started to say something, but then the waiter came over, “Good evening, Gentlemen, are you interested in something to drink?”
The Empty narrowed its eyes at him, then licked its lips before speaking, “It was always about Dean Winchester for you, even when you woke up the first time, when I looked through your memories, you were far more concerned with Dean than Sam, well in a different way. You loved him.”
Dean sighed heavily, “Yeah Sammy… it was Chuck… get back here asap… is Jack okay?”
Sam pouted tiredly, “But… Gabe says they soft Bean!”
Dean nodded, then looked over Cas’ shoulder at the boney joint of Cas wing, before meeting Cas’ eyes, “Only if you tell me why you think your wings are hideous.”
Cas watched Dean lay his jeans down before sifting through the jeans and finally finding the exact pair with Cas’ measurements. Cas softly asked, “What are the numbers, Dean?”
Dean moaned out, closing his eyes again and arching up into the angel, “Shit… oh fuck Cas... “
And this chapter is super late to. I am so sorry guys. i hope you enjoy it though.
Dean smiled some and nodded softly, “Trust me, angel, I did. Come on before we are late for our reservation.”
After pulling Baby at the edge of the lot so she wouldn’t get hit, Dean and Cas went inside. Dean took Cas to get a new suit at Men’s warehouse store first. Cas was looked around confused, the prices he understood but the other numbers he didn’t. Cas met Dean’s eyes, “Dean what are these numbers, I do not understand?”
Cas had asked Sam two days ago to text him or call him when they were going to be close, and he knew they should be home within ten minutes. The pie was done, so he turned off the oven but put their food in the oven to keep it warm.
Dean loosened his grip and took a deep breath before gently muttering, “Sorry angel…”
Dean watched Cas as he was struggling to wrap Dean’s birthday present. Cas had it put in a box so whatever it was Dean didn’t know. Dean felt bad as Cas was struggling so he gently sat across from Cas, smiling warmly, “Want me to teach you, Angel?”
The Empty smirked some but gave no other remark.
Castiel hummed softly without really looking at Dean and replied like a robot, “I am fine Dean.”
It's been almost a week since Charlie's death, Dean hasn't been sleeping much at all but this time his body is just to exhausted and he sleeps for over 12 hrs
Castiel felt his heart tug painfully in his chest and he kneeled down in front of the hunter and his voice was soft, “Dean…”
Dean frowned at him and started to get up, "My liege, are you alright?"
my day for I am so very
Cas groaned gently as he was pulled into awareness, his whole body felt sore and he didn't remember why. When Cas opened his eyes he found himself in a completely different room then he had fallen asleep in. The room was made of stone, and there was a large window, a window being a loose term because it wasn't closed, it was just more of a hole in the wall. The covers that he was under were animal skins of some sort, Cas suddenly tried to sit up and push the covers off him in a sudden panic. The voice next to him was gentle and made him stopped, "Relax love..."
Dean was slow to realize how he felt about the angel Castiel, not just because he was afraid of his little brother’s reaction or anybody else’s reaction, but because his father had instilled in him how wrong and dirty it was to be gay. Dean didn’t realize he loved Castiel, because he didn’t know that he could let himself be in love with another man, or that that was what love had felt like.
Sam watched as his brother was trying to write and now kept whimpering Cas name. Sam was extremely confused; he had never seen a spell do this before and Cas wasn’t answering his prayers. Suddenly he remembered Gabriel was with Cas and decided to change tactics, and for the first time since the archangel had shown up at the bunker alive and well, Sam prayed to Gabriel.
Dean smiled a little at hearing Cas’ voice, he knew it hadn’t been long since he had heard it but he genuinely loved Cas’ voice. “Sammy went to get you some Vicodin, do you want one?”
Dean rolled his eyes under his hand but was still refusing to uncover his eyes, “Something is wrong with Cas… I… he says his whole body hurts, especially his wings and… he is covered in sweat…”
Dean raised his eyebrow as he watched Cas act squirrely, then he moved in to kiss Cas. Dean took advantage of the angel’s lapse in attention from the kiss, to take his phone. Cas yelped, realizing what his hunter had done and tried to take his phone back, but Dean quickly ran off to the library and opened Cas phone to find that he had been listening to some guy named Sam Smith. After a moment he realized the song Stay With Me was playing on repeat.
Sam easily remembered the last time he had seen Cas, "I saw him at like midnight, I was getting a drink of water, he was acting a little weird I guess. I tried to say something but he ignored me, I just thought he hadn't heard me..."
Dean flinched unconsciously at the mention of Charlie’s name, and her death. Cas wasn’t sure if that would ever stop completely but his reaction had become less volatile. Dean shrugged it off then nodded, “Okay well you have fun with that, Cas and I are going back to my room,”
Dean looked up at Cas doing his best to look innocent as he met Cas’ gorgeous eyes, “Yes Angel?”
Gabriel shook his head taking a slight step back instead of closer, “Pretty sure if I touched him you would try to kill me baby bird.”
Cas didn’t need more prompting, his wings were gone in the blink of an eye. Cas turned to Dean and swallowed gently, “T…thank you, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes fluttered closed as Cas’ touched his scar, the scar he had left twelve years ago. Cas had never touched it directly like this, not to his memory at least, the feeling that went through Dean as Cas’ hand met the scar was beyond words. Dean’s first thought was safety, he felt safe, unafraid of anything.
Castiel whined in pain as Dean carefully scooped him into his arms, their hunt had gone completely sideways and Cas had been taken while he was out getting dinner for the three of them. Sam offered to help, knowing that carrying pretty much dead-weight wasn’t easy, “Dean do you need help?”
Dean blinked a few times before refocusing and then taking Cas’ in his mouth, carefully using his lips to cover his teeth and going slowly, taking Cas nearly all the way before his gag reflex forced him to pull off some.
Dean smirked and lewdly responded, “Should we see who can shoot faster.”
So I am sorry this is a day late guys, its been a rough weekend. My mom had a heart attack and I didn't have this chapter pre-wrote so I couldn't just upload it and I was to busy to write it.
Cas instantly moved closer to Dean, burying his nose in Dean’s chest, closing his eyes again to try and quell the spinning feeling, “D… Dean…”
Cas swallowed thickly again, “I didn’t think it was fair for me to know this information, and not share the possibility with you. You deserved the right to choose Dean.”
Dean raised his eyebrow before shaking his head, relaxing in his angel's arms, there was one thing he needed to get away from Cas in order to be able to get. Dean took a deep breath and then finally pulled away, “Do you think if I gave you the size for your trench coat you could find one yourself. I need to get something and I was planning on getting you a gift… You have your phone so you can call me when you find it and I will bring you the card?”
Cas sighed gently, before sitting next to Dean as he closed the sketchbook and set it aside, then intertwined their fingers. “Dean… your father was a man that grew up in a period that being gay was wrong and sinful, and people were lynched and murdered for it. I am not saying that excuses him taking it out on you, but it was also his upbringing. You couldn’t help the way you were born; I know it is hard for you to accept it sometimes but there is nothing wrong with it, or our relationship”
Dean moaned out in pleasure, his mind going blank as the pleasure was overwhelming and he felt himself quickly drawing closer to his orgasm. “C...Cas fuck… I… shit…”
Cas blushed but then hugged Gabriel back and carried him back to the table, putting him in his seat next to Sam. Cas then used his grace to fix the lights and TV, making the mess from the shattered glass disappear. After a few more minutes, they were both finally finished eating, and Dean looked at the two very messy toddlers and shook his head gently, “Okay bath time. Then we need to find you guys some clothes.”
Sam looked up at Dean with his big hazel eyes, his bottom lip jutting out, and his eyes were wet. Dean recognized the signs of Sam about to cry even though it had been over 30 years since he had seen it and quickly scooped the small toddler into his arms, hugging him tightly.
Now if you asked Castiel, Angel of the Lord, what being in love felt like before he pulled Dean Winchester from Hell, he would have told you that he was only capable of loving his Father, and that would be the end of the conversation.
Cas bit his lip harder as he watched Dean fall gracefully to his knees. A couple of hours later, Dean and Castiel were both very naked, but they had now moved to the kitchen because Dean had gotten hungry. Dean grabbed an apron to cover himself because despite looking like a dork while wearing the apron while otherwise completely naked, it was going to keep him from getting hot grease or whatever he ended up cooking on his skin.
Dean was unsure, he silently hoped and prayed that it wouldn’t change anything if Cas did get his grace back, but he also knew his luck. Dean softly spoke, “Cas…”
Suddenly the burst of energy was overwhelming and he collapsed to one knee, holding his chest as he gasped for breath, it had been months without his grace, it took him a moment to find the balance of his grace and his vessel. Dean ran over and kneeled in front of Cas, cupping his cheek making the angel look at him, “Cas! Cas angel are you okay?”
Dean looked around briefly but ultimately going to find his usual pair and grabbing 5 pairs, when he looked up to tell Cas he was ready, he saw the angel was looked around and gently eyeing a pair of dark wash jeans, with his own jeans still in his arms he went over to Cas, “Find something you like Angel?”
Dean made a face and shook his head, his voice going up a bit as he denied it, “No way, I mean I guess it was okay, but it wasn’t that great.”
Dean smiled warmly at the text, his chest easing with some of the anxiety he had been feeling. Although knowing that Gabriel wanted to talk to him alone made Dean nervous again, because if Sam wanted to talk with Cas, it meant that their brothers would be lecturing them. Dean was mostly worried because as carefree and nonchalant as Gabriel seemed most of the time, Dean knew very well that the archangel was very protective over Cas and so Gabriel’s lecture, would be more threatening than anything else.
Cas was to focus on watching them trying to get Dean to breathe again to answer the nurse's question. Sam looked at Cas for a moment before turning to the nurse, “He was stung by something, I… I don’t know if it was wasps or bees, we just found him…”
Dean could feel the soft feathers as they brushed against his arms, he carefully pulled away from Cas and looked at Cas, he could see Cas’ wings for the first time. The feathers were a deep black, and some looked like they were burnt, a few of them were missing but Dean was in awe. Dean carefully reached out to touch them, making Cas gasp loudly and then suddenly pull the wings away, when he looked he could see his wings had manifested.
Dean had finally told Cas about selling himself so he could feed Sammy a few weeks ago, not long after Dean had gotten out of the hospital. Being dominated by Cas was making his heart-race but not in a way it had before, he felt safe underneath Cas, he knew the former angel wouldn’t hurt him. Dean wanted to ask Cas for more but it seemed the former angel had other things on his mind, as he went back to paying attention to the scar he had left on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’ voice was deeper then Dean had ever heard it and it made his cock twitch in anticipation. “I never told you Dean, but when I left my mark on you, it is more than just this brand on your soul, I left you with a piece of my grace. It’s tiny, barely noticeable unless an angel who is close to me. I can feel it, just barely resonating with the grace left inside me. Imagine Dean, if I had all of my grace, how this direct, skin-to-skin contact would feel.”
Dean stepped closer and grabbed Cas’ hip, kissing him slowly before pulling away and sitting on the other side of Cas as the angel sat down. When he looked at the plate, Cas was right, and he had made his favorite, bacon cheeseburger, he had everything but tomatoes and French fries. Cas had a cup of water there, but he also had a bottle of Dean’s favorite beer sitting there.
Dean swallowed around the tears because just thinking about his mom hurt, not to mention seeing Sam so small again brought up a bunch of hard memories to the forefront of his mind. Dean slowly nodded, “Yeah… after the fire… Dad… tried to sing it to Sammy once… but Sam hated it, and he cried the whole time… One time when Dad was on a hunt… he left us with a babysitter, she put us to bed and then left… Sammy had a nightmare, and I… I didn’t know what else to do to calm him down but to sing that song like mom would for me… and then after that, I had to sing it every night before bed until he was eight years old.”
Dean looked at Gabe before looking at the cat again, shaking his head. “You are such a whore for attention Chaos…”
Dean looked at Cas, giving him a smile that practically melted Cas, “Really?”
Dean saw the pain crossing Cas’ face, the emotion’s and he could feel it like the angel was broadcasting it. Dean wasn’t an idiot, well he was a lot of the time but at the same time he knew Cas, he had loved the angel for a long time.
Cas moved so he was comfortable than his wings, let one relax completely so it was laying more on the cool ground while he folded the other one some. Once he was comfortable he gave Dean a slight nod, “Ready Dean,”
Gabe finally cleared his throat loudly, making the two pull apart reluctantly but they kept their hands together. “Remember, no matter what you cannot let go, it’ll break the ritual and can cause some damage,” After both Dean and Castiel nodded Gabriel began the ritual. It was halfway through when Dean could feel the handprint on his arm where he knew there was a tiny piece of Cas’ grace was, had started to burn slightly. When Dean glanced at the mark, Dean could see that it was glowing underneath his clothing, but he quickly returned his eyes to Cas, and then Dean realized Cas; eyes were glowing blue like when he was about to smite something or to use a lot of grace. The pain started to become nearly unbearable, but Cas held tightly to Dean’s hands to keep them from breaking the spell. Suddenly the pain built so much, but in that same instant, it was gone. The next sensation Dean could feel was Cas’ lips against his, and it felt like Cas’ grace wrapped around him, a coolness spread over him and he realized that Cas was trying to absorb most of whatever pain he was just in and had just happened, and Dean relaxed more into Cas’ strong arms.
