“Really.”  Cas stroked Dean’s hair.  “I think you should ask him.  I really think he’d like to learn.”
Dean scrambled to all fours, shoving his pants down and off as he did so.  Crawling on the bed, he turned around so his position was reversed.  He lay on his side facing Cas, his face level with Cas’ groin but his own cock now on level with Cas.  He had barely positioned himself before Castiel’s hands were on Dean’s hips and the man was leaning in and taking Dean into his mouth.
That excitement quickly faded behind a carefully practiced façade of nonchalance, and Matt shrugged.  “I guess that’d be cool.”
The Golden Hinde turned out to be a completely different experience than either of the men had imagined.  There was no tour; no, one simply payed a small fee at the nearby shop and then wandered the ship freely, unsupervised.  Dean felt like a child again, running to and fro, stopping at the helm to steer the ship.  Laughing, Castiel took pictures of every second.
“Well, last night when I was driving home, I ran into a kid about your age.”  He still couldn’t be certain of Matt’s exact age, but the boy had to be around sixteen.  “He’s homeless.  I brought him back here to spend the night, and I’m hoping he’ll stay here for good.”
Cindy, however, had no concerns about holding back.  She pulled Matt into a tight hug.  His eyes went wide, entire body stiffening, and Dean felt a surge of panic that Cindy was scaring the boy off.  But then Matt’s hands came up, hovering nervously near Cindy’s shoulders for a moment before awkwardly patting her on the back.  “Hello,” he managed.
Cas leaned in to whisper in his ear.  “You used to say the same thing to me in high school, if you recollect.”
Finally Tessa let go, her attention returning once more to Mary.  “I’ll see you at drama club.”  She looked to Matt again, smiling at him, lashes lowered coyly.  “I hope we see much more of each other.”
Dean’s eyes rolled so far back that practically only the whites were visible.  “WHY does everyone think
The sound of footsteps reached his ears and he turned, expecting to see Castiel, but was surprised to see someone with him…..a priest.  He looked to Cas, brow furrowed, and was even more surprised to see something in his hands.  Flowers?
“Hmm…”  Dean pretended to give the matter great thought, mulling it over.  At last, he smiled.  "Pretty sure I can think of a way.”
With a silent nod, Matt vanished down the stairs.  When Dean turned, Cas was waiting for him in the doorway to their room, that soft smile on his face that Dean had fallen in love with.
Cas looked around, surprise registering on his face when he saw Matt there.  He smiled at his husband.  “Well, I don’t want to miss that….do I?”
“Guess not.”  Cas leaned in for a soft, lingering kiss that went all the way to Dean’s toes.  “Now…..how about you get in that shower so I can scrub you down?”
She groaned as she accepted her notes, head falling back.  “Nooo,” she whined.  “I don’t NEED notes.  I was perfect.”
Benny looked at Dean, the determination in his eyes, and finally growled out his frustration.  “Fine.  Fine.”
I want to apologize for and explain my long absence. I was in the hospital. I suffer from depression and had reached the point where I was beginning to cut again and didn't know if I could hold out any longer, really suicidal, so I committed myself. I made some amazing friends and we all worked through things together, and I got out in time for gishwhes.
“Hey, there!”  Cindy laughed as Mary ran into her arms, pulling the girl close and tousling her hair.  Mary had been like a little sister to her ever since she moved here to Connecticut.
“Oh yes you do.  And I know this because when I was your age, I was doing the same thing you’re doing right now.  Only I was lucky enough to have someone come along and stop me before I went through with it.  I let her take care of me.  Just like I’m trying to take care of you.  Now,” he smiled softly at the boy, his eyes imploring.  “Let me help you.”
Dean just laughed, speaking to Sam once more.  “We were thinking maybe we could all meet up at the Roadhouse tonight for a sort of welcome home dinner?  Unless you guys would rather have him to yourself.”
“I definitely did.  Right when I saw you at that tag sale, I said Cas, this has to be the biggest dork you’ve ever seen in your life.”
They got some sandwiches in a little shop and sat down on the grass to eat.  It was a relatively nice day out, some clouds but no real rain, and there was a cool breeze.  Dean lay back on the grass with his head in his husband’s lap.  Cas smiled down at him, stroking his hair.  “Happy?”
It took several moments of goodbyes and some tears on Charlemagne’s and Mary’s part (they even got hugs from Matt!), but they eventually managed to get on their way to the plane.  They had bought first class tickets and the seats were spacious…plenty of room to stretch out their legs.
She looked confused at the irritation in his voice.  “Yeah, Two?”  He turned to face her, slippers in hand, and her face immediately blanched.
This was the most that Matt had ever spoken in any one sitting, and the depth of emotion in his words was enough to bring tears to the men’s eyes.  Cas took Dean’s hand in his and squeezed it, and, after a moment’s hesitation, reached out and gave Matt’s hand a soft squeeze as well.  The boy looked surprised but didn’t pull away.
Cas looked to Dean, smiling.  “Want me to take your picture in front of it?”  He was surprised to see Dean shake his head.
The front door slammed open and all thoughts of the clean kitchen fled Dean’s mind at the sight before him. Mary stormed inside, face cloudy. Chaz was right behind her, an expression of confusion on his face, and Cas behind both of them.
The plane rumbled to life and Dean clutched Castiel’s hand tight enough to hurt; he winced slightly but didn’t pull away.  Dean was terrified but he was willingly putting himself through this for him.  For Castiel.  The thought filled Cas with love; he raised their linked fingers to his lips and brushed his lips against the back of Dean’s hand with a soft kiss.
“Dean.” Castiel’s tone spoke volumes, as though Dean was being completely unreasonable; he gestured to the wall behind him.  “This wall right here contains a not just a John Everett Millais, but a John William Waterhouse, and an Edward Burne-Jones.”
Sylvia is the real life owner of the Shakespeare and Company bookstore, and there is a black dog named Colette.  I tried not to include her too much because I hate fictionalizing real life people, but it is what it is.
With a smile, Cas slipped from his remaining clothes and laid them over the chair.  He moved to Dean’s side, hand moving down to flick open the catches on Dean’s slacks.  The way Dean’s breath caught at the action was almost deafening in the silence of the room.  Cas leaned in to brush their lips together in a teasingly light kiss.  “Finish up,” he murmured.  Then he turned his back on Dean and headed to the bed.
Dean was already dressed.  While Dean may be better in the morning than Cas, he was by no means an early riser, but here he was, up and showered and wide-awake.
That shook the shyness away once more.  Matt’s smile returned in full; he tousled Charlemagne’s already messy hair.  “Hey, Chaz.”  He scooped the boy up and plopped him down in his lap, where the boy happily laughed and snuggled close.  Smiling, Matt looked up at the men again.  “So, when are you going?”
He entered the house as quietly as possible, knowing Charlemagne at least was asleep.  Cas, however, came barreling around the corner.
Matt stared at Charlemagne in surprise and nearly laughed.  After fighting to gain computer time, now the kid didn’t want it.  “You’re all done?”  Charlemagne nodded.  “Then sure.”  He scooped Matt’s books into his arms.
Dean immediately knew where Claire’s train of thought was going, and he rolled his eyes.  “Did I miss something?  Does my daughter live in a different house than I do?  Yes, with Mary.  Now stop being overprotective, you ass.”  And he smacked the back of her head, ignoring the “ow!” she let out.  He turned instead to Ellen.  “What do you think?”
, I’m sore.”  He looked up at his husband, who was already on his feet, having not danced all night.  “Cas, I’m
“But you two didn’t give up on me.  Even though I was an ornery bastard.”  Dean couldn’t help a sharp bark of laughter at the words, and Matt smiled.  “Really, guys.  I mean it.  I know I was a tough case and you’ve been amazing.  More than I ever hoped I could have.”
“I promised to love you and honor you, comfort and keep you.”  Castiel was smiling, those blue eyes soft.  “I pledged to be by your side in sickness and in health, for better or worse, for the rest of our lives.  Well, we’ve had all of those things, and you’ve been by my side as we created a family, a home, and a life together.  Every single day with you brings yet another blessing for me.  Today, in the presence of God and…” Castiel finally seemed to notice how many people had gathered and surprise registered on his face; quickly, it turned into a smile.  “….all these people….I renew my vows to you.  I pledge my eternal love to you.  Above all,” his smile softened, face filled with all that love that Dean saw there every day of their lives, that love he knew was reflected in his own face.  “I look forward to spending the rest of my life with you, and to whatever else that life may bring us.”
“Okay!  Let’s try it with the music!”  Matt immediately looked at Dean with something akin to panic with his eyes.  “You’ve got it down,” Dean reassured him.  “You may screw up a bit at first but just keep going.  It gets easier.”
Dean felt an overwhelming sense of relief, of pride and love for his majka.  He looked for her, a smile on his face.  She saw him looking and met his gaze, smiling affectionately back at him.
Mary saw that look in his eyes and glanced back and forth between her fathers, taking in the equal expressions of adoration with which they were regarding each other.  She wrinkled up her nose.  “Ugh.”
Mary chose that moment to reappear.  She was in her dance clothes, a leotard and leggings, all in black, with blue leg warmers that brought out the color of her eyes.
The man was still regarding Dean as though he were crazy, but he set the red tickets aside and tore two of the yellow tickets off, exchanging them for the money Castiel held out. Dean snatched the tickets up with excitement and, grabbing Cas by the wrist, he dragged him off to the theatre.
It was a good thing they had worn their jackets.  As soon as they had left the house, it had begun raining.  A very light rain, but still, the jackets kept their clothes dry.
Cas couldn’t help but smile at the pleased tone of Dean’s voice. “I know.  You’re still ridiculous.”
Matt looked around him at all the aisles of books, the desks of computers, almost as familiar to him as his own face.  He had always spent a great deal of time at the library.  When you were homeless, it was a good place to find some warmth and comfort.  He had buried himself in the books for hours.  It was there that he had discovered Dean’s novels, and fallen in love.
Cas is sitting facing him, both hands cupped around his mug as he stares down into it. A second mug sits at the empty place laid out just around the corner of the table from him, steaming gently.
but before he can say a thing the crunch of gravel echoes from outside and a pair of headlights spear through the window, sweeping across the room. Dean whips around, betrayal curdling in his stomach.
Fuck it. Dean finally allows himself a look at Cas, just for a second. They’re both grinning like idiots when he turns back to the road. “Good. Me, uh. Me too.” Dean lets his foot lay a little more heavily on the gas pedal as they reach the edge of town, and… man. He doesn’t remember the last time he was this utterly, completely happy. “Let’s go home, Cas.”
That sobered her up, though she knew it was a completely idle threat.  “So he’s going to come live here?”
“I’m glad you like it.”  Glancing over his shoulder, Cas saw Dean struggling.  He smiled, moving to his husband and brushing his hands aside.  “Let me do that.”
Cas is looking at him; Sam doubts he ever stopped. Dean’s face has a strange, waxy pallor in the moonlight, and he’s so still that Sam honestly can’t even tell if he’s breathing. Cas takes a small step away from Sam and Jack, moving closer to the cabin.
Sam’s at the stove making oatmeal for himself when Dean shuffles out into the kitchen the next morning. He just spent a good twenty minutes in his room, psyching himself up for whatever he’d have to deal with when he walked out here, but hallelujah for small mercies: Sam seems to have decided to give him some space. They exchange the bare minimum of words in greeting
“Dude,” Sam snorts, “the occasional recreational drug use is the least weird thing about our lives. Next time I’ll probably take you up on it.” Then he goes back to cutting his celery. “You gonna ask Cas if he wants any?”
Sam stands there for a pretty impressive amount of time, periodically sipping his coffee and pretending there’s nothing he wants to say. Dean doesn’t bother snapping at him about it. He’s not gonna go scuttling back inside just because Sam can’t decide how to get this chick flick moment rolling.
“Dean, you don’t have to—“ but even as he spoke, Castiel’s hips were unconsciously rocking upward, seeking Dean’s touch.  The blonde laughed.
Clearly he was right, for now she was throwing herself at him and squeezing him so hard he could barely breathe.  He laughed breathlessly, hugging her back.  “Happy birthday, babygirl.”
From the outside, the store didn’t look like much…just your traditional used bookstore.  But there was something about it.  Something a bit special.  Maybe, Dean mused, it was the lingering spirits of all the authors who had called the place home, authors such as Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and James Joyce.  Stepping through that front door, one could almost feel the presence of these authors who had spent all their time there, sometimes even sleeping there, until they earned the nickname “Tumbleweeds” from the former owner.
“You’re right….I’m SAVING money.  Money I would have otherwise spent on feeding my bottomless pits of children.”  Dean heard a noise and realized it was Matt attempting to cover up a snicker.  He looked to the boy, mirth in his eyes, before turning back to Benny.  “Benny.”  He smiled at the frustration on the man’s face.  “I’m serious.  You can pay me back by making us food.  And if you want, I can try to teach you again.  It’d probably be good for you to learn, anyway.  I mean, I’ll continue baking, cuz I love it, and damned if you’ll stop me, but it’d be good if you could do some yourself.  But I’m not taking your money.  I mean it.”
Cas smiled and complied, scissoring his fingers as he pressed in a third.  He didn’t take it easy.  Dean didn’t like that.  He liked to be pushed right to the edge, to teeter on the brink, then pulled back right before he fell.
“Yea.”  Dean finished changing into his pajamas and crawled into bed beside his husband, turning out the lights on his way.  He curled close to Cas, needing comfort.  “I couldn’t just leave him, Cas.  I couldn’t.”
Dean honestly wasn’t very surprised.  He knew that Chaz loved Matt.  He was worried though that it seemed to be upsetting Matt this much.  “Is that bad?”
Matt nodded, face aglow, and Dean could feel his eyes burning as he forced the tears back.  Cas clearly knew how he was feeling for suddenly Cas’ hand was taking his and giving it a gentle squeeze. Dean shook his head to clear it.  “Ah….Matt, this is Charlie.”
“Sadly, the food isn’t as great as it’s been the past two days,” Dean said.  “Just plain old fruit and toast today.  But we’ve got different jams to put on it.  And butter, or peanut butter.”
“Damn straight.”  But first.  “CAS!” Dean hollered.  Cas was in the basement working on one of his bigger art pieces.  But this?  He wouldn’t want to miss this.
Dean could feel it, too. He looked up at Cas, green eyes utterly lose.  “Cas,” he managed.  Cas kissed him.
Dean locked the studio up and the two tromped down to the house.  Cas was sitting in the living room with the other children.  Charlemagne was completely oblivious to his father and sister, happily coloring away in a book that Cas had handmade for him.  Cas and Mary were playing Whist.  By the looks of things, Mary was winning.
Castiel wasn’t sure what had Dean so shocked, but he was too distracted by the stack of books in his arms to even think about it.  “Oh my God, Dean, how many books
Cas couldn’t help the burst of laughter.  “I don’t know.  Either.  Both?”  Dean stepped in for a kiss and Cas pulled him closer, deepening it.  His hands found the lapels of Dean’s jacket, clinging to him.  He broke away and gave the coat a little tug.  “Off,” he ordered.  “I want this off.”
“This leads me to the question portion.”  Mary looked expectantly at her father.  “Would you mind if we finished your birthday breakfast in the kitchen?  I’m not even sure if he’s still here but if he is, I want us to be there when he comes upstairs.”
“Well,” Cas was smiling, “we still have….” He craned his neck to see the clock on the nightstand.  “…..almost seven hours until we have to pick up Matt.”  He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, down to cup his cheek.  “Plenty of time.”
Dean cracked up; he knew he shouldn't but he couldn't help it. "No!" he managed. "Why would you ask that? I don't wear tights, do I?"
Dean’s eyes were burning with tears.  He struggled to clear his throat.  “Well…..I don’t have any fancy words planned to say, since I didn’t even know this was happening until about ten minutes ago.”  He heard some chuckles from the people who had stopped to watch.  “But I can tell you this: you are the best thing that has ever happened to me.  Until you, I never knew what life could be, or real love.  You saved my life in more ways than I can ever express, and I love you more than I could ever tell you if I never stopped trying for the rest of my life.  Which I never will.  Because you deserve to know.  You mean the world to me, Cas, and you’ve given me a life I never thought was possible.  A home, the greatest children in the world, and more love than any man could ask for.  So today….”  He couldn’t remember the exact wording, but he had the gist of it.  “…today, I renew my vows to you.  I pledge my eternal love to you.  I look forward to spending the rest of my life with you, and to whatever else life brings us.”
Matt was staying.  He had been there for two months.  Telling him that Matt was staying would seem a little redundant to the eight year old.  So Cas skipped over that part.  "Matt's your brother."
As expected, Dean had complete freaked out at the Globe theatre.  There had been a display on one wall that was a timeline of Shakespeare’s life and showed when each play was written, and after their adventure at the theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon, Dean had insisted on a photo of himself pointing to when
Cindy leaned in to kiss her husband’s cheek, running her fingers through his hair.  “I told you you weren’t going to win this one.”  Dean couldn’t help it, he began to laugh.  Benny glowered at him.
“Leave him alone, Claire.  I mean it.”  With that, Ellen tugged Dean into the back room.  “Okay,” she hissed beneath her breath, not wanting the other two to hear her, “what’s going on, here?”
The girl turned to face them, cheeks red at being caught, but her face was all defiance as she replied.  “I called you a poophead.”
Now the only issue was how to broach the topic with Matt.  To just ask outright or wait until it came up naturally?  Though how it would come up naturally, Dean had no idea.
Dean’s head fell back and he let out a groan of pure pleasure.  “Oh my God you’re the best.  Marry me, Benny.”
Dean shook his head as he watched Cas opening the envelope.  “No occasion.  Just something I should’ve done a long time ago.”
Mary and Charlemagne shouldered their book bags, the girl giving a smile to Matt, who returned it with a shy blush.  Dean handed them their lunches as they headed out the door, catching Cas by his shirtfront and tugging him in for a kiss.
The man seemed to decide Matt wasn’t worth his time, returning his attention to Charlemagne.  “Get up.”
Sam cocked his head.  “Honestly?”  Dean didn’t answer, just arched a brow, waiting.  “I wanted to see this kid you took in.”
Castiel was completely bewildered.  When he had gotten home that afternoon, Mary and Matt were just getting Charlemagne into the car to take him over to Charlie’s and Bela’s for the night.  He barely had a moment to question this state of affairs before Dean was pushing him off to his closet to get changed for dinner.
Dean was surprised.  “How did you….” But it wasn’t so hard to figure out.  “Majka.  Majka told you.”
“If it wasn’t for the wheel being on the right side, it would be fine.  But to be on the left side of the road with the wheel on the right side of the car?  What madness is that??”
As before, Matt had been utterly caught up in the dancing, eyes wide as he watched.  He had been intensely focused even before the dancing had begun.  Dean had paid incredibly close attention as he pulled his shoes from his bag and yes, Matt’s eyes zeroed in on them immediately, his attention glued on the dance slippers as Dean pulled them on.  Dean was more and more certain by the minute that Matt wasn’t just interested in dance as a spectator but interested in learning to dance himself.
After the vow renewals, they had headed to the theatre to see a show.  The man at the ticket booth had smiled when he saw the flowers they wore.  “You’re just coming from the church?”  At their matching nods, he reached for one of two sets of tickets before him….the red ones.  “I take it you want to see
Cas nodded as though that settled the matter.  “Okay, then.  Let’s clear it all up with Sam and Sarah.”
Dean put two muffins on a plate, along with some bacon that he had been keeping warm, and returned to the table, setting the plate before Matt with a smile.  “Here you go.”
By now Cas had parked the car and gotten out, coming to stand beside them with a smile on his face.  “Hey, Jared.  How was the study abroad?”
Matt managed a small smile.  “Yeah.”  There was hope in his eyes, yet it was overcome by something else, a resignation to never having that something good.  Dean would wipe away that sadness if it was the last thing he did.
There came the sudden thudding of footsteps up the stairs and then Mary and Charlemagne burst into the room, nearly making the record skip with the pounding of their footfalls.  Mary’s blue eyes lit up when she saw who was there.  “Cindy!”
Matt nodded.  “Sure.”  He sat down, still clearly ill at ease in a domestic situation, but he was better than he was yesterday.  It would definitely take a while before he fully adjusted.
it was sexy.  He ran his free hand along Dean’s spine, the smooth skin, and over the soft, spiky hair at the base of his scalp.  “God.”  There was wonder in his voice.  “You are so gorgeous.”
“It had better be,” Ellen fixed Claire with a stern gaze.  “If she gives him any trouble, she’ll get suspended a week without pay.”
Cas couldn’t help but laugh.  “I most definitely agree.”  He gave a slow roll of his hips, and whatever smartass remark Dean had been about to make was cut off in a long moan.  “You know, this seems to be the only real way to shut you up.”
Dean nodded but it was clear he barely heard, too caught up by his surroundings.  There was a bust of Shakespeare nearby which was quite something.  A little placard stated that it had been erected not long after his death in 1616, so it was believed to be incredibly accurate.
“Yea, yea, I know.”  Dean grinned, looking around the group of them.  “Shall we head up to the studio?”
A look of recognition came over Matt’s face (they had told him all about the contest the first night they had watched the film), followed by one of trepidation.  “I….I really don’t dance.”
He felt a tug on his hand and looked down to see Charlemagne looking up at him with those big brown eyes, and he smiled.  “Come on, Chaz.  Let’s get you to a computer.”
They returned to the kitchen together and sure enough, Cas was sitting at the table, tense with anxiousness.  When they came into view he was on his feet in an instant.  “Is everything okay?”
The car was a thing of beauty.  It was a 63 impala and definitely not as nice as Baby, but still lovely.  It was a convertible with a white top, and a brilliant metallic blue color.  A bit too flashy for Dean’s taste, but he had known that Mary would love it.
Dean rolled his eyes with amusement.  “Okay, okay, settle down.”  He looked to his husband as Mary stepped forward to join him.  “You know which one I’m talking about, right?”
Mary settled into position and gestured to Cas.  Tapping his foot, he quietly began counting down for her.  “One….two….one, two three, and…” His fingers sank into the keys, the song flowing forth, and Mary began to dance.
The bill was staggering, but it was worth it, for the entire meal had been amazing, and neither the food nor the experience was one that they could have back home.  They returned to their hotel stuffed and satisfied.
She didn’t even need a second to think about it.  Mary nodded immediately.  Cas smiled.  They had an amazing daughter.
And sitting there together, bickering, eating pizza, and singing along to the music, it felt natural.  Matt felt just like a fifth member of the family.  And Cas felt for certain that this could all work out.
“Hey, you could always gag me,” Dean pointed out, turning onto his stomach so he could look at his husband.
Cas rolled his eyes but he scooted, sliding out of the booth so Dean could do the same.  Dean kissed his husband’s cheek.  “I’ll be back before dinner.”  And he headed off to the bar.
Matt seemed reluctant to answer.  Finally, he spoke up, voice barely audible.  “First time,” he whispered.
Dean smiled.  “And I met Cas.”  He set the last hamburger patty on the plate and moved to wash his hands.  “And when dad found out I was dating a boy, he beat the shit out of me.”  He could hear Matt’s intake of breath.  “So Ellen took Sammy and I in, got custody, and adopted us.”  Dean gave a little shrug.  “It was a sucky way for it to happen, but it worked out for the best.  I’ve got an amazing family, an awesome husband and great kids.”  He turned, smiling at Matt.  “See?  Sometimes good things do happen.”  And it came back to him in a flash, Cas saying those very same words to him the day Ellen was taking him to Family Services.  It had turned out to be true.  It would be true for Matt, too, Dean would make damn sure of that.
For something was definitely wrong.  The blonde was rigid, hands clutching the arms of his chair, despite the fact that the plane hadn’t left the tarmac yet.
Matt laughed through his tears; he couldn’t help it. He gave another nod and with a smile, Dean pulled him into a hug.  It was brief, Dean not wanting to push Matt too far, but it was still more than he would have hoped for.  When he released Matt, he was relieved to see that those tears were drying up.  "C’mon.”  He smiled. “Let's go upstairs. Cas must be worrying his head off."
Cas laughed.  “Of course we will be.”  He could hear Dean beside him, stifling laughter.  He would bet good money it was because Mary had immediately forgotten her present at the thought that her parents would be calling to speak only to Bela and Charlie and not to her.
Claire grinned.  “No guarantees there.”  She glanced over her shoulder.  “I think your waiter may be ready to seat you.”
“What…what is it?” Matt only looked confused when she showed him the disk.  But when she raised it to show her father, he burst out laughing.
Dean, who had followed Mary to the kitchen, poked his head back into the bedroom.  “Are you two coming?  These disgusting eggs are going to get cold.  Then they’ll be even MORE disgusting.”
Matt looked from Dean to Mary and back again, extremely indecisively.  He chewed his lower lip anxiously as he thought.  Finally, he shook his head.  “I’m gonna stay here.”
Mary had disappeared into the kitchen to collect the napkins, red pepper and parmesan cheese. Now she returned, grinning.  “Like you don’t know, Danny Zuko.”
Cas rolled his eyes.  “Mary epically failed a test so I told her that she is no longer allowed to spend the evening with the family but must instead spend the night in her room, studying for a makeup exam tomorrow.”
They were standing at their gate at Bradley International Airport.  It was two in the morning and thus amazing that any of them were awake at all.  No one among their group had ever been anything remotely close to what could be called a morning person.  Yet here they were.  Even Mary, Matt, and Charlemagne were there.  The eight year old was still half asleep but he had been insistent upon coming; he looked at his fathers, his sleepy eyes full of anxiousness.
it turns out they had made a mistake. The Pre-Raphaelite paintings that Cas so desperately wanted to see we’re at the Tate, not the National Gallery. Still, they would be going there before they left London, so they would see the paintings eventually, and the art at the National Gallery was still gorgeous. As in the day before, watching Cas was almost as entertaining as looking at the paintings themselves.  Unfortunately, the National Gallery didn’t allow photographs inside. Castiel had been positively crestfallen.  But at the Tate they would be free to photograph the art, and that’s where Cas’ favorite works were.
Grinning, Dean chose a piece which was fairly non-descript but was labelled as part of a temple to Artemis, which seemed extremely fitting, and struck his most dramatic and godly pose.  Cas stifled a laugh as he took the photo.  “Ass,” he repeated.
is a romance?  They’re teenagers who know each other for like three days and behave like idiots and are responsible the death of pretty much everyone around them.”  He shook his head.  “No.  Fuck that.
Dean stared at Matt, caught completely by surprise, and he couldn’t hold back a startled burst of laughter.  “Shit’ indeed.”  He sighed.  “Oh well.  Better just go in and look for him.”
The bathroom door opened and shut and Matt reappeared clad in his pajamas, dark hair wet and messy.  He smiled at Dean.  “Shower’s all yours.”
There was the softest sound of a footfall behind them, and Cas turned to see Matt blushing in the doorway.  He smiled.  “It gets better, Charlie.  Matt here is a video game whiz.”
“Yeah!” Charlemagne piped up, seeming to have gotten a burst of courage.  “You listen to my brother!”
Matt was flushing happily.  “Thanks,” he mumbled.  He couldn’t look at them any longer, eyes focusing on the floor as he rubbed at the back of his neck in a way that reminded Cas so much so Dean that it was scary.  Cas wondered if with all the time they spent together, some of Dean’s actions were rubbing off on the boy.  The thought made him smile.
Benny laughed again.  Shaking his head, he reached into his pocket and pulled out an envelope.  “I’ve got some money for you.”
The plane left at four in the afternoon.  Luckily it was a short flight because Dean seriously hated flying, and Cas felt so terrible for him.  After only a little more than an hour, they landed.  Dean was still shaking, but he didn’t look nearly as bad as he had after the long flight to England.  Cas gently stroked his cheek.  “Come on, baby,” he said softly.  “Let’s go.”
Cas was surprised, but a smile spread over his face.  “I’d like that.”  He set the drawing pad on the table beside him and did his best to wipe his hands clean.  Charlie and Matt seemed to be getting along splendidly.  The boy was no longer in Matt’s lap, the both of them on their feet next to Charlie as they spoke.  Still, it was getting pretty loud in the room.  Dean turned the television off.  That helped a lot.
As the camera flashed, he thought yet again what a wonderful husband he had, what a wonderful trip this had been.  And the day was only just beginning.
“Hey, Miss Mary.  How’ve you been?”  He managed to get an arm around her while still keeping one around the small boy.
Dean was sling-shot back in time to when he had first moved in with Ellen and Jo and how he had begun cooking dinner as a means of paying them back and showing his thanks for all they were doing for him and his brother.  His eyes burned with hot pinpricks of tears; he forced them back, nodding.  “That….that would be great.”  He cleared his throat.  “Do you need any help?”
Dean’s response was to pounce onto the bed and right into Castiel’s lap.  “Get up!”  Cas laughed as Dean began poking at him, tickling him.
“I know you do.”  Cas removed his own coat and it joined Dean’s.  He went to work loosening his tie and yanked it free in one smooth motion.  He saw the heat move behind Dean’s eyes, and smiled.  “Well, what’re you waiting for?  Keep going.  I want it all off.”
“No,” Dean answered.  Matt’s head whipped around to look at Dean, face stricken, and Dean grinned, one hand leaving the controller to point at the teen.  “He’s kicking my ass.”
That brought a smile to Dean’s face, though it was a somewhat tremulous thing, and he nodded.  “Yea.”
“Yup.  Cuz you’re laughing at me.”  Dean’s green eyes lit up as they focused on a belaying pin and he crossed the ship’s deck, seizing it and giving it a yank.  Nothing.  It didn’t move.  It was glued into its port.  “Goddammit!”  Castiel attempted to stifle his laughter but he wasn’t entirely successful.  Dean glowered at him.  “Hush, you.”
A tiny little pang struck Dean’s heart and he couldn’t help the goofy smile that spread across his face.  “Remember the world map you hung on my wall in high school?  We’d mark off places we wanted to travel to?”
Thank you so much to all of you for all your kind notes!  I don't have a huge friend base here at home....most of my friends are online....so it really helps hearing from people.  You're the best.
Dean wasn’t the least bit surprised by the booth they were lead to.  It was the one they usually sat at.  He slid into the booth, Cas joining him and their children sitting opposite.  Matt gave each of them a menu and pulled a notepad out of his back pocket.  “Can I get you some drinks?”  His tone was all business, and Dean had to fight to suppress a smile.  He wrote down their orders with the same professionalism, and retreated to the kitchen.
Dean chuckled and leaned down to scoop his son into his arms.  “Oof.”  He kissed the boy’s head.  “You’re getting too big to pick up.”
Dean couldn’t help the laugh.  “Your dad told you that, did he?”  The boy nodded.  “Well, don’t mention it to him.  He’s still shy enough as it is.”
Grinning, Dean placed a light kiss to Cas’ lips.  “No help for you now, mister.”  He glanced over his right shoulder.  “Would you look at that.”
“Gonna see if I can find something to bring her.  Maybe a bust of Shakespeare or something.  She’d like that.”
“Cas!”  He struggled to break free but it was hard with Cas tugging so insistently at his shirt.  “Cas….Cas, hold on a minute.”  He managed to pull away and spun to face Cas.  “Okay.”  He raised his arms and Cas happily pulled the shirt up and off, tossing it aside and moving in for yet another kiss, hands running greedily over the bared skin of Dean’s chest.  Dean sighed into Cas’ mouth at the sensation.  “
“Today was perfect,” Dean whispered into the curve of Cas’ throat.  The brunette felt warmth filling him at the words.
, back at their old table, only there was a fresh new vase of crimson roses on it.  Honestly, he was at a complete loss.
Mary had been retaining a firm grip on her self-control, but it finally broke; she threw an arm around each of her dads, gripping them in a tight hug.  “I’m gonna miss you guys so much,” she whispered.
“You home for break?”  Jared nodded.  “Good.  We don’t see nearly enough of you.  Why the hell did you have to go to Italy?”
Sam only shook his head, turning once more to Matt, this time with a soft smile.  “Don’t know how you’re managing to put up with my brother, but welcome to the family, Matt.”
Then he saw that familiar head of messy black hair as Matt appeared from the kitchen, tray in hand.  He watched with a smile as Matt headed over to a table, serving dinner to some customers.  The boy looked like he was settling in just fine.
Dean shook his head.  “Me neither.”  His fingers teased patterns over Castiel’s chest, loving the hitch in the man’s breathing.  “Just dig out the old baby monitor and put it in Chaz’ bedroom so we can hear if anything goes wrong, then head up to the studio for some fun….”
Dean shook his head, amused.  “His crappy Prius is acting up, and Mary has drama club after school today, so she can’t drive him home.  I promised I’d come get him.”  He stretched, wincing as his back popped.  Yup, he was getting old.  “So, go shopping then go get the boys?”
“Don’t worry, babe, I’m not going to leave you hanging.”  He deftly flicked the catches on Castiel’s jeans open with one hand.
“I am.” He let out an “oof” as Dean’s arms gripped him from behind  in a crushing hug, and he felt hot breath against his cheek as Dean nuzzled behind his ear.
He could still sense Matt watching.  The fact that Matt chose to stay and watch the ballet rather than go with Mary, who he so clearly had a huge crush on, spoke volumes.  If Matt didn’t want to learn to dance, Dean would eat his ballet slippers.  Now he just had to figure out how to bring it up in a way that wouldn’t put Matt off the entire thing.
A nod.  “He is.  He still has those little bouts of depression now and then, which worry me, but I really think he’s happy here.”
The reaction was automatic: Dean reached out and tousled Matt’s dark hair.  “You’re welcome, kid.”  He winced inwardly, afraid of how Matt would react to the tousle and nickname, but the boy only smiled wider, and warmth filled Dean.  “Come on.  Let’s get inside.”
If possible, he blushed even more.  “I’m sorry.  God, I must sound like a dork.  I’ve wanted to come here for years.”
Dean lead Matt downstairs with him, pulling out the couchbed.  The boy looked completely overwhelmed.  Dean cocked his head.  “You okay?”
“Hey, we’ve only get until 11.”  He pulled Dean into a kiss, gently nipping his lower lip.  “I want to spend that time fucking you as many times as possible in as many different ways as possible.”
“He needed to get books, too.  And even if he DIDN’T have internet at home, there’s no rule saying he can’t still use it here.”  Was there?  There couldn’t be, he was sure of it.
, really.  Cindy can start coming to practice sessions and helping out.  As long as that’s okay with you?”
Dean watched Castiel tie the broom flowers about his arm, feeling as if he were floating in a dream.  Then those beautiful blue eyes turned their smile in his direction and Dean was overwhelmed with love.  He took the second bunch of broom flowers from Cas and tied them about Castiel’s left arm. He noticed that quite a crowd was gathering, people who had been viewing the church, but he didn’t care.  He was also vaguely aware that several were taking pictures, one in particular.  Dean realized the man was a professional who Castiel had paid.  Dean’s smile only grew.  Leave it to Cas to think of everything.
Cas scooped Chaz into his arms. "Yeah, Chaz," he agreed, stroking that messy brown hair, so like his own in both color and style. "Duh."
Cas rapped his knuckles on the doorframe, and the two teenagers looked up.  Mary had at least fifteen records spread across the floor around them.  Cas smiled.  “Bedtime.”  Mary groaned.  “Oh, I know, I know,” he put on an exaggeratedly anguished voice.  “We’re so mean to you.”
“Sugar, the day you need a white knight to defend you, I’ll be right there,” the big man responded in that sweet Southern drawl of his.  “But I’m pretty sure you can kick anyone’s ass all on your own.”
“Wonderful.”  He looked to Matt, who was standing awkwardly in the doorway.  “And I suppose this is Matt.” Matt nodded somewhat timidly at the sternness in Jared’s tone and gaze.  Dean elbowed his nephew.  “Ow!”
The words clearly hit home.  In seconds Dean was on Cas, straddling his waist, pinning Cas’ wrists to the bed.  “Well, then….” He leaned in to smile at Cas, their foreheads nearly touching.  “Better get to it.”
Unsurprisingly, Mary’s hand went up like a shot.  Chrissy rolled her eyes, muttering “show-off.”  Mary shot her a glare. Chrissy poked her right where she was most ticklish; Mary let out a yelp.
Matt didn’t even try to suppress his smile.  Johnathan glowered at him, but he didn’t get to for long, for the woman (Maria, her nametag read) was demanding his attention.  “Get back to work, Johnathan.”
There was the sound of scrambling as Matt no doubt straightened things up, and Dean couldn’t suppress his smile.  “Yeah.”
Dean moved forward, right into Castiel’s arms, and gave his husband a soft kiss.  Cas smiled at him when they separated.  “You gonna make dinner, now?”
He had been incredibly aware of Matt the entire time they were dancing.  The boy was sitting with Benny off to one side of the room, not too far from the doorway.  For the most part the two were quiet, content to watch the dancing, but they had also talked quite a bit and were completely at ease together.  Dean was so happy to see them getting along.
They had decided to go by rented car rather than train.  Both were a bit nervous about the wheel being on the right side of the car, since it was completely different than the US, added to driving on the left side of the road, but in the end, it seemed preferable to a long and uncomfortable train ride.
“Nothing.  Everything.  All of this.”  Dean pulled Cas in for another kiss.  “Hurry up and make love to me.”
Dean set down the pen he’d been using to mark his shoes and held out his arms, smiling when the boy bounced right into them.  “What’s up, Chaz?”
It’s a pretty familiar scene, all in all; they’ve had a moment like this in almost every one of the apocalypses Dean can remember. A fleeting moment where they just
It’s at that point he stops thinking entirely and just nods along consolingly until Cas gets back. He isn’t cut out for this kind of hunting. This is. It’s a lot.
And in the space of a second, the expression Lucifer is wearing shifts into a warm, teasing, slightly challenging one that Dean’s— fuck, he’s seen before.
At some point he paid for his meal and left with his wife, and Dean didn’t even notice. It unsettles him, a little, in a way he can’t quite pin down.
Also apparently the smart call, given that Dean still hasn’t gotten his hands on the good stuff. He hates that Sam knows him so well, sometimes.
probably not a good sign for his chances, but Sam won’t see the writing on the wall. He obviously still thinks he’s gonna save Dean’s sorry ass.
They aren’t dressed anywhere near as nice as most of the other people here, but no one looks at them twice as they walk into the room. Well, a couple people do, but Dean’s pretty sure that’s because Cas is a dude and Dean is also a dude. Not because they think the two of them shouldn’t be here.
Those are both fucking terrible ideas. And he doesn’t think he could stand the look in her eyes if he asked either one of her.
Dammit. Dean tries to let himself relax a little bit. To his surprise, he finds that it kind of works.
“I’m sorry,” he bursts out, shattering the silence. “For hitting you last night, I don’t know why I— and for what I said at the beginning, I didn’t—” Fuck. “I’m sorry, Cas.”
He doesn’t stick around to see if Sam agrees. So Sam is left sitting alone in the main room of the cabin, with a half-empty bottle of whiskey in front of him, telling himself he did this to make things better.
“No, Eileen got him. They’re at a motel here in town.” Sam rubs his neck, his shoulders slumping. “She, uh. She…”
And so what if he’s been riding the crippling self-awareness train and giving himself ‘room to breathe’ for almost… four months, now? He’s gonna do something about it
out of him, all wet and gross-tasting. He can’t believe this nurse had the nerve to tell him it wouldn’t hurt. Yeah, okay,
Leaves shush together overhead, a faint breeze rustling through the clearing and setting Sam’s hair shifting ticklishly against his neck.
“Alright,” he says with what he knows must be a terrifying smile, pushing off the counter and brushing past Sam to sit down on the couch. He gestures at the coffee table. “Have it your way. Pour.”
He can hear his heartbeat pounding in his ears as he gets to his feet. He… Jack was so out of it, there’s no way this means… fuck, he…
Dean picks up the joint and turns a little so he’s kind of facing Cas. Then before he can think himself out of it he takes a drag, hooks a hand around the back of Cas’ neck, and seals their mouths together.
Michael’s eyes don’t glow, but they spark with righteous fervor, and Dean knew this was how it would be. This is still Chuck’s story, and Chuck loves a good fratricide. The two of them being here together is going to end in a fight.
“Here.” Dean presses his phone into Cas’ hands, trying on a faint, tired smile. That was a dick move, distracting him like that, but he does need to call her. She won’t want to hear it from anyone else.
He should maybe be more worried about that than he is (see earlier point about mind-altering substances and Dean’s ill-advised
Dean’s lounge becomes performatively relaxed as he tries to avoid looking shifty. He fails. Dismally. “Yeah, I dunno. Just not feelin’ it, I guess.” He crosses his arms. “Well? You got suggestions, or what?”
Sam, in a rare move, had agreed to cook tonight, so Dean finds him in the kitchen dicing up carrots, celery, and onions.
Hey guys, thanks so much for your patience and general awesomeness. I’m a busy person and as much as I’d love to be able to devote all my time to fanfic, that’s just not a thing, lmao. But rest assured, I’m working away at this when I have time and I fully intend to see it through to the end. So stay tuned for more goodness: next time expect stupidity, Jack being
It doesn’t take long to get himself situated: he unrolls his sleeping bag and puts it down next to a metal thing that’s probably got to do with the heating system so he has something to lean against, and then he sits down and pulls the blankets over his lap.
Shuffling, a snatch of low, indistinct speech. What sounds disturbingly like a strangled little sigh.
Bobby sighs, scrubbing a hand over his beard. “I’ll go after ‘im.” Then he spares an inscrutable glance at Cas over his shoulder. “You gonna be okay here, Dean?”
“Get the man a prize,” Dean intones, taking another drink. “Well, that was the gist of it. I was the one who jacked up his software and gave him emotions, and he was happy as a pig in shit about it. Cared about you and Jack and everything else because I cared about him. Said I was good.” The brusque, detached way he relates all of that falters a little, and for just a moment, Sam catches a glimpse of the yawning well of grief inside him. “The best, actually. He said I was the best man he knew.”
Just before they walk back inside, Charlie tugs him to a stop. Dean looks down at her, and he’s just… so tired. “What?”
being obtuse on purpose. Dean struggles to swallow his pancakes, fixing Cas with a horrified look, his face red. Sam doesn’t think it’s only because of all the pancake he just inhaled, either.
He could say it now, though. He could reach out, could grab Cas’ hand too-tight and lean awkwardly over the table and say,
Dean growls. “And because I’m a fucking coward I didn’t tell you anywhere near as much I should’ve. I saved it for, for when one of us was
Sam fishes enough twenties out of his wallet to settle the bill and stands up, still smiling. “Sure, Dean. C’mon, we gotta get going. Those witnesses aren’t gonna interview themselves.”
He trails off, suddenly embarrassed. He doesn’t dare look over at Cas. “I just. I really want this. I want
“No, I mean— he died, I know that,” Sam says quickly, a rush of heat pricking at his eyes. He ignores the tiny flinch Dean gives and keeps going. “I
He spends an agonizing few minutes peeling himself out of bed, and lets out a small grunt of pain as he finally stands. His back is always worse in the morning, before he’s limbered up and taken his pain meds. The doc said his prognosis looks good, though: as long as he stays active, this won’t be a chronic problem. He’s supposed to make a full recovery.
Dean points a pancake-laden fork at Sam. “Damn right. But I’m not gonna lie,” he says as he takes a bite, “th’ chocl’t s’les aft’r r’ gread.”
“So what?” Dean snaps, advancing across the old, pristine floorboards. “You were just gonna make a deal with a devil and fix this all on your own? Newsflash,
The doctor said he was incredibly lucky. It turned out that even though the rebar had slid home in his left lung, it had missed his pericardium completely, which would’ve been a whole lot worse for him. If that hunk of metal had snuggled itself up any further to the right, he would’ve been done for almost immediately.
Dean hunkers down, setting his shoulders. “What’s what?” he grits out, not looking at Sam. He scrubs at a stubborn spot of burnt-on cheese. “Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
He pushes himself faster, like he can outpace that poisonous train of thought, and he’s breathing hard by the time he gets to the little bench that marks the halfway point of the trail. He thumps down onto it, his back twinging painfully at his carelessness, and he lets out a sharp, frustrated hiss.
The smallest, bitterest smirk Sam’s ever seen pulls at Dean’s lips. “Look at you, figured it out all on your own. He made it almost all the way through his speech before I got it.”
Cas makes a strange, strangled little noise under Dean’s hands, but at the first brush of their lips, he—
Cas bites back a huff of frustration as he looks at Dean. He’s moved over to a table littered with books and he’s brushing his fingers over the cover of some heavy tome that could’ve been printed yesterday. “You
“Dean,” Cas tries instead. Dean flinches. “I know you have no reason to listen to me, but you have to believe I don’t want to see you hurt. Any of you.” Again, he appeals to Sam. “Sam, I’m the one who raised you from hell. Don’t you see? I’m only— I’ve only been trying to protect you.”
Now that they’re actually getting into this, Dean’s devil-may-care attitude is starting to fade. “Gotta be a little more specific than that, Sammy,” he says. He’s aiming for airy, but it falls flat. “I’m no mind reader.”
And… that’s that. He’s in the hospital for a week, gets tetanus shots and antibiotics, is given the date of a follow-up appointment and the name of a doctor back at the hospital in Lebanon, and then sent home. He finds out the brand of sleeping pills from his nurse (Paulette, has three kids and a really awesome boyfriend) and complains the entire time Sam brings him downstairs in the wheelchair the nurses insist on. He’s in his own clothes, thankfully. He really hates those open-back hospital gowns.
and he doesn’t have a headache; overall, pretty good. Better than he’s felt in a long time. He smiles, a little. That, and—
together. It’s only him, Cas, and Jack hugging it out down here on the gravel drive. Sam finally pulls back, keeping Jack tucked up against his side with one arm around his shoulders, and looks back towards the porch in confusion.
She curls her arm more tightly through his, and Miracle presses up against Dean’s leg, panting softly. “Just, um. I’m only a text away. Or a call. Y’know. If you ever do want to talk about anything. Or if you need a break from Sam, or you need to bitch about whatever... I’m your girl. That’s kinda what friends are for.”
Jack nods delightedly. “I asked if I could call her that and she said yes. I think she likes it. We’re friends now.”
“Paper from town,” Sam replies absently, flipping a page. “You should take a look at the Valentine’s page, actually. There’s some pretty funny shit in here.”
This is so stupid. Dean’s driving only just over the speed limit, stopping crisply at every stop sign, and slowing down when the traffic lights turn yellow instead of speeding up and trying to make it through. He
“Hey, you were the one who said you wanted to do it. If we’re gonna do this, we’re gonna friggin’ do this. Capisce?”
Dean rolls onto his side, putting his back to Cas, and wonders what would’ve happened if he’d leaned in and kissed him instead.
Cas doesn’t dignify that with a response. He just sets his utensils down, the metal clinking gently against his plate, and then settles in to wait.
Dean stands there, looking at him, and distantly registers that he’s very glad he leaned up against the counter earlier. Because everything about this just snapped into cold, razor-sharp clarity, and Dean can’t… he’s pretty sure his knees would buckle if he was standing up straight.
but Dean just grits his teeth and tries not to whimper as it thrums through him like the pulse of a subwoofer. “Yeah, buddy, it’s me.”
always been a little more partial to your brother, Dean, but I’ve gotta tell you, that was really something. I definitely felt a tingle.”
on the window of Dean’s room. He’s sprawled out on his stomach, and he opens his eyes halfway only for them to droop shut again, slow and heavy. He’s warm, he actually feels somewhat
The silence between them thickens, and Dean is suddenly very aware that they’re lying next to each other in the same bed.
Dean doesn’t think he’s ever honestly been pitied by an archangel until now. Turns out he hates it just as much as he hates being pitied by anyone else. “Castiel is an enigma,” Michael explains. “There has never been a being like him, and there will never be another one. He has Grace, but it hasn’t been fitting right for quite some time. You must have noticed. He’s not an angel, and he’s not human. He is… something else.”
One of them makes dinner. Dean tries to do it more often than not; it takes up a couple hours where all he has to think about are temperatures and ingredients and seasoning. Then there are the dishes to be washed, and maybe a movie if they didn’t watch one in the afternoon, and then they’re usually both in bed by ten.
Sam hits pause, lifting one side of his headphones off his ear. He's pretty sure he heard something over the creepy music of his documentary. Something from Dean’s end of the hall.
Dean snorts, drizzling more syrup on his pancakes. “Sure. But this isn’t even funny. This is just sad.” Then he flips Sam off in response to the judgmental eyebrow he’d raised at the lake of syrup on his plate, and picks up his utensils back up. Sam surreptitiously moves the syrup to the opposite end of the table.
“Later, Sammy!” Dean crows as he strides out of the kitchen. He has coffee to drink, a weird weed hangover to work through, and Cas waiting for him back in his room.
He doesn’t know why the hell he did that. It’s not like he— he’s just. It feels like there’s a Gordian knot of emotions lodged behind his sternum, and he doesn’t know how the fuck he’s supposed to deal with it. He doesn’t have a sword handy, no easy way to cut to the heart of it. No, he’s stuck trying to pick it apart by hand, and
Cas. I don’t have a different plan. I don’t have anything better to offer you, not— not yet. I’m just— I’m just asking you to stop. That’s it. Just
“You and Jack are going back to the Bunker,” he chokes in Sam’s direction, his voice shredded raw. He doesn’t look away from Cas for a second.
Maybe it’s because he’s already lost Cas so many times in the past few days. Maybe his brain has just checked out and said nope, sayonara, we’re not playing another rerun of this crappy episode. Change the channel. But as Dean kneels next to Cas’ body, he doesn’t feel so much as a flicker of grief.
It’s just… y’know, there hasn’t been a case in weeks. They weren’t prepared for how much things calmed down, with Hell locked up and Heaven under Hannah and Gadreel. Cases have been sporadic in the months since it happened, a lot more in tune with the seasons and the phases of the moon than they’ve ever been before, so the three of them — Sam, Dean, and Cas — have found themselves with a hell of a lot of free time on their hands.
“C’mon, it’s just ‘cause you wanted to be the one to shack up with Cas, isn’t it?” Dean drawls, his chest tight and his face warm. “Give it up, Sam, you’ve got a huge crush on him.”
does is stir up a slew of old hurts, and that doesn’t do anyone any good. He has more than enough fresh pain to deal with without dredging all the old stuff back to the surface, too.
Sam tries to help with the dishes once they’ve finished eating, the way he usually does, but Dean snatches the towel from him and slings it over his own shoulder before turning back towards the sink in a clear dismissal. His brother stands there for a second, right at the edge of his field of view.
Lucifer raises an eyebrow, looking from Sam to Dean. Cas’ face, not Cas behind the eyes. Dean wants to throw up. “Guys. You’ve got the God book, and
He pushes that thought aside as best he can; he’s not going to let Chuck rule their lives even after he’s gone. Because he
Really?” Sam’s expression is all the answer he needs. Dean shakes his head definitively, mustering every ounce of authority he’s got. “I’m gonna get better, I’m gonna start work at that garage in town, and I’m gonna keep hunting on the weekends. That’s how this is gonna go. Because I’m
Dean crosses his arms, quietly mourning the loss of Cas’ hand when he withdraws it. “You don’t know that.”
he doesn’t— he doesn’t have the first idea where to start. What’s he supposed to say? Six months. It’s been
It’s a tiny, pained admission, and his chest is so tight with unvoiced sobs he feels like he’s going to crack a rib.
Cas and Sam exchange looks of mild disgust, and Dean grins smugly, cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk. Cas takes a thoughtful sip of his coffee. “So you wouldn’t appreciate it if I placed a message there expressing how much I value our friendship, Dean?”
(He and Sam got some shitty weed that was probably cut with oregano and drove out to a field outside town, lounging on Baby’s hood side by side while they smoked and talked, watching as the sun sunk below the horizon and the stars slowly started to appear. They’d woken up the next morning squashed into Baby’s backseat, freezing cold and with one of Sam’s knees digging into Dean’s ribcage. It was awesome.)
going to let that happen again. Not now that they’ve won. They’ve fought too long and too hard, lost too much, not to get to live their lives. And if Sam leaves Dean to his own devices, sooner rather than later he won’t have a life to live. He isn’t sure what it’ll be next time: maybe a werewolf who got a lucky swipe, a djinn who managed to get the drop on him. Or, the way Dean’s been since he got out of the hospital, maybe just a bullet and a red splatter on some peeling motel wall.
into Cas. And then Dean clings to him like he never wants to let go. Cas holds on just as tightly, just…
I—” His mouth flattens into a line. “Don’t keep hammering this wedge in,” he finishes, his voice stretched thin. “I don’t wanna lose you, Cas.”
in Sam’s ever-growing network of hunters. And as much as Dean hates this part of the job, well. It’s something to do.
Because Jack’s just gotten out of the car. His face is lit up by the glow from the headlights, the hi-beams still on. He smiles, huge and ecstatic. “Dean! Sam!”
Dean closes the door behind them when he gets inside, turning to find Cas standing awkwardly in the middle of the room. He’s…
about it, talked about it when Dean told him not to as clearly as he’s ever said anything in this sorry life of his, and then Sam
“Well,” Sam begins slowly, rolling his glass between his palms. “Since the hospital. It’s been worse, hasn’t it?”
Lucifer shrugs. “Eh. As sad as that makes me, I expected it. I’m resigned. But since Cassie here got his whole body sucked up by the Empty and permission isn’t as big a deal in that corner of the universe, we’re all sympatico.”
He has a beer in his hands, but he’s not drinking it. Funny, how they’ve all been doing that lately. Occupying their hands with beers they won’t finish.
Then something catches his eye, and he does a double take. He freezes, his entire body going stiff and tense.
He’s on his last leg, here. Standing at the edge of the chasm. Every tiny shuffle of his feet is sending little rocks skittering down into the abyss, and it won’t take much to put him over, too. He doesn’t want Sam and Jack to come back and find him kneeling, dead-eyed, next to his bed. He doesn’t want them to have to try and drag him away from Cas’ body. He won’t do that to them.
Sam isn’t going to let himself be reassured. He isn’t going to give Dean the benefit of the doubt. He’s going to dig his heels in, and one way or another he’s gonna force Dean to confront how broken he is every single day until Dean admits it.
There are voices; one— no, two he recognizes, more that he doesn’t. There’s crying at one point, muffled, choked-off sobs that trigger something innate and instinctive in Dean’s brain.
Sam starts to say something behind Dean, but it’s nothing more than a distant hum. Because there’s a dark figure in the driver’s seat, and— fuck, no, Dean
This place has a strange feeling to it; perhaps it’s Castiel’s earlier cleaning job. It left everything blank and featureless, somehow. Devoid of history. Of life. This cabin could’ve been built yesterday, or it could’ve been built fifty years ago: there’s nothing to anchor it. It reminds Castiel a little of the sterile, white halls of Heaven.
Sam drops his hand and forces himself to turn away, to walk over to the little car and get in as Jack slides into the passenger seat. He puts the key into the ignition and turns the car on, but then he looks back out at the scene in front of the cabin.
Dean makes a noise of assent, pulling the map of the hotel out from under a pile of printouts. “Why the couples, though?”
Then Cas, without breaking the conversation, switches Dean’s empty dessert plate out for his own half-full one, and Dean almost spills the beans right then and there even if it is a weird custard thing.
New fury flares in Sam’s eyes, and both Dean and Bobby have to grab his shoulders to hold him back when he starts forward. Castiel takes a step back, startled.
“For what it’s worth,” he says eventually, soft as eiderdown, “I’m sorry.” Dean’s fingers tighten against his scalp, and Cas lets out a small sound of—
Dean watches him stand there, the phone cradled to his ear, tapping a nervous tattoo against his thigh while he waits for her to pick up. Solid. Human. Real.
And with that, Dean turns around and walks across to his room with deliberate, certain steps. Not a moment of hesitation. At least, not until he comes to an abrupt stop in his doorway, his hand clenched around the knob.
He tugs a copy of the Lebanon Herald over, flipping through it while he waits. The Valentine’s classifieds catch his attention, and he remembers Dean’s weirdness in Iowa with a rueful shake of his head. He’s not gonna lie, most of these messages
Today wasn’t a good day. It was easier to hide it when they were at the Bunker: Dean would just find a deep corner of the archives, or he’d wrap his hands and hole up in the gym with a punching bag, or he’d take a drive to nowhere with the music blasting so loud it made the speakers futz and crackle in protest. Here, though, he’s got nothing to do, nowhere to go when the howling, cavernous void inside him gets too raw and all-consuming to ignore. So he withdraws. Snaps at Sam, gets pissy. Is miserable, basically, while doing his goddamn best to pretend he isn’t.
Sam doesn’t look up, just goes noticeably still. There’s an awkward pause. Then he clears his throat. “Got your phone?”
He stands in front of Dean with his hands balled into fists, in his hand-me-down clothes and his messy hair, his eyes flashing and his mouth screwed up into a defiant line. And he is the most incredible thing Dean has ever seen in his whole goddamn life.
Cas pokes at the heart. “But Valentine’s Day isn’t until February. And stuffed animals are typically for children.” A crackly version of “I Will Always Love You” erupts from the bear after a particularly insistent poke, and Cas jumps. Sam bites back a laugh.
Sam opens his mouth, but Dean interrupts him. “Gimme that water, huh?” He croaks. “Throat feels like sandpaper.”
But then Eileen and Sam come in, bearing bags of groceries, so Dean’s mask goes back up. He’s perfected it. Right now it’s mildly disgruntled and a little bored.
Sam is sitting up a few feet away; he looks oddly boyish for a moment, his hair mussed and his face lax like he’s just woken up from a good sleep. He blinks at Dean. Then together, they turn to the spot where Jack stood.
Sam and Dean look at each other for a second, eyes locked. Then Sam nods, and Dean smiles faintly. Yeah. They’re gonna stay, no matter what happens. Dean’s… Dean’s good with that. He fucked up with Jack, he knows that, but… he can do this. He can be here. Jack’s not going to be alone.
It’s not a long kiss, or even a really good one, technically speaking. There’s too much desperation in it, too many heightened emotions. But when they break apart, only far enough to take a breath, Dean can’t stop smiling for the life of him.
Michael looks at him for a long time. Finally, his eyes drift back down to his untouched bottle of beer. “I will try.”
“Don’t mock me,” Cas says, a defensive bite to his voice. “Do what you need to to come to terms with this, but don’t attempt to shame me for it. It’s
“….wow,” Dean said at last.  “Did they all think we were actual newlyweds or are people in this part of the country just really nice?”
Matt had turned progressively pinker as Dean spoke.  His dark eyes had also gone wide and round in shock.  “
Honestly, Dean wasn’t looking forward to it very much.  He enjoyed art (though obviously not as much as Castiel), but he wasn’t so crazy about modern art.  All too often it was completely random.  He had been to a museum where there was a canvas covered completely in black paint….that was it.  Black paint.  And everyone fawned over it, as if it was some glorious masterpiece.  He would never understand it.  But Cas was excited to go, and that was all that mattered.
Cas shook his head with a smile as he headed into the back room.  Charlemagne was fast asleep on his little bed.  Cas crouched beside him, stroking his hair.  “Hey,” he said softly.  “Time to wake up, Chaz.”
Mary looked up from where she was pouring copious amounts of ketchup onto her hash browns (something else she had inherited from Dean).  “Yeah?”
Castiel laughed.  “Of course!  We can see all the sights!  When are we going?”  He glanced at the tickets in his hand.  “A month from now?”
“My thoughts exactly.”  A thought occurred and Dean glanced at Matt.  “Hey, do you know if Claire is working tonight?”  Probably.  Ellen was grooming her to take over the business, so she worked there most nights.
Dinner had been wonderful.  Charlie’s exuberance hadn’t put Matt off in the slightest (something both men had been a bit concerned about).  Rather, the two had hit it off splendidly, bonding over a love of games, and after dinner, sat down to battle it out in
As the thoughts were ringing in his head, the front door opened and a flurry of voices greeted his ears.  Dean entered the room with Charlie at his side, both of them laughing.  Cas’ smile grew to see it.  “Hey, guys.”
“That’s the plan. Our stuff’s there already, and Charlie’s taking care of Miracle until you’re a little better.”
Lucifer laughs, dropping the expression and sliding back down to the floor. “Oh, Dean. So easy to mess with. Thanks, I’ve missed that. Come find me next time you’re missing him too much and maybe I’ll return that smackaroo you laid on me earlier.”
She bids him farewell with a tight squeeze and a kiss dropped on his cheek, flashing him a smile and a Vulcan salute before getting into her Gremlin (how she still has that car, Dean has no idea) and puttering off towards the road.
“Where’s the booze?” Dean grunts eventually when it becomes clear that Sam isn’t going to do anything. “Can’t find it.”
Dean stares down at him, so many things warring in his face that Cas can’t hope to tease out what is what. His eyes are wet.
“You thought you were expendable,” he finally continues, his voice still harsh but no longer the livid shout it was when he started. “You thought that the only thing you were good for was one last sacrifice. Which is such
Cas’ mug clunks back down onto the table, a little clumsily, and his hand drifts up to his jaw. He blinks at Dean.
That’s another cut to the bone. Dean goes pale with anger, with despair, with another wave of betrayal.
Dean’s held him. Felt his coat under his hands, felt his breath on his neck. Felt the unyielding line of his jaw under his knuckles and then his strong fingers wrapped around Dean’s wrists.
He grins, looking down into the War Room. “Where is the squirt, anyways? I was thinking we could fit in a game of catch before killing his gramps.”
Castiel smiled at his husband and nodded.  “Yeah.  I would.  If it meant taking Matt in and giving him a proper home?  I’d definitely be okay with that.”
That was it.  Dean had to go over there and see what was going on, for there was no WAY Sam hadn’t known they were there, hadn’t come there to see them.  “I’m gonna go say hi.”  He gave Cas a nudge.  “Scoot.”
The door was pushed open with a sudden commotion, Charlemagne loudly calling “Two!  Two!”  He was obviously hyper, and there was no question as to why.  Kids were almost always hyper when they came home from a field trip.
“Anyway,” Dean continued, “they should all be home soon.”  He headed to the laundry room and immediately made a noise of frustration.  “Dammit, Mary!”  When he reentered the kitchen, Matt was looking curiously at him.  “She was supposed to clean her slippers.”  He held her pink toe shoes up by the ribbons.
“Well, then,” Dean rose to his feet.  “I guess we’ll retire for now and relax until dinner.”  He offered a hand to his husband.  “Babe?”
It was true.  It had been well over a month since they had gotten together.  Nearly two months, now that he thought about it.  It really didn’t take much guessing to figure out why.  He and Cas had been so caught up in making certain Matt felt at home; they didn’t want to overwhelm him with bringing in too many friends at once.  Ellen and Bobby had visited, and Sam and Sarah had come over, but that was it.  It was getting to be about time to start bringing in more people, though.  If Matt truly was staying, as he said he was, it would be good to get him used to their friends, especially when the house was usually so full of so many.  As long as they started slowly, it wouldn’t be too bad.
Cas just laughed.  He knew that Mary didn’t return Matt’s crush (and he hoped that didn’t get awkward down the line) but it was fun to tease her.  “Well don’t take so long getting ready and I won’t tease you.”
“YOUNGER brother, if you can believe it,” Dean said.  “Despite the ginormous moose body.”  Sam punched his shoulder again.  “OW!”  Dean rubbed the spot.  “Will you stop??”
The big Cajun laughed.  “Sorry, brother, but I’m taken.  And I think your own husband would be fairly upset if he knew you were proposing to me.”
Peanut butter and bacon sandwiches are DELICIOUS.  And pickles and honey actually isn't bad.  It's not something I actively eat but my friend made me try it and it's okay.  But I make peanut butter and bacon all the time.
