“Alright, I’ve got all I need. Thank you for your cooperation,” Coulson says. He stands up, holding out a hand for her to shake. Hilde frowns at it before taking it, not at all holding back her strength and finding at least a bit of joy in seeing him squirm
With Peter’s help, Tony builds himself a new arm. After that, a new eye. Steve stays out of it; it’s way too advanced for him, after all. Instead, he joins Bruce with their plan to get the stones back to where they officially belong. It takes a few days of planning, but they’re not really in a hurry. As they start with the repairs of the compound, they set camp in the woods not to far away from it.
It’s like no time has passed at all. One moment, Thanos was here to get the stone, the next, Steve sees him disappear while standing right in front of Thor.
“At least we remember how weak her head is.” Clint pulls back his bow and arrow and kneels down next to the unconscious figure. Her hood has fallen off her head, revealing the rest of her young face. Her hair is dusty and covered with a bit of debris. Feeling a bit of protectiveness over her, Natasha pushes it all aside.
But Scott is already on him with a counter answer as he sits down on the chair next to Tony’s. “Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sport events-“
There’s somebody holding him. Tony slightly tries to fight against it, but it seems stronger than him.
There’s a large wave of disappointment that must have fallen onto Quill as he takes in that news. Tony decides that this is enough. He takes a step to the side, reaching out for Peter and gently taking him aside.
Yaël is standing by the ship next to another woman by the time Hilde has returned. She squints for a bit in her attempt to see who it is, and breathes out in relief when she finds it’s Dr. Cho.
Hilde ignores her own tears as she pulls the other girl along in the hallway. Fear creeps up to her when some glowing, purple light starts surrounding them, creeping up into the entirety of the ship. Shit, they’re running out of time. This whole ship might just explode on them!
Tony nods, excitedly. They both pull up their travel-suit and let the helmet surround their heads. Holding on to each other’s hands, they both press their button to go back.
“So,” Thor starts while summoning another bit of lightning. After he’s charged, he spreads it out over all the creatures around them until they all drop on the ground, giving them another few seconds of quiet. “Who is this mysterious lover of yours?”
Oh lord, let this be over. Let him just be home. Let Steve be with him, let them have a movie night, Peter safe on Earth. No invasion, no purple maniac off to destroy the world….
Barely an hour could have passed after Thanos left. Yaël has yet to awaken, and Gamora can’t move without grunting in pain. They’ve received a message from a nearby vessel that has agreed to pick them up, so until then they’re stuck here.
“No. I don’t have the equipment for it. She has to wake up on her own,” says the woman that took care of Gamora. On another bed sits someone else, who rubs her head with a scowl on her face.
“Don’t fight it,” Peter mumbles. Tony knows what he’s doing, hugging Tony to create pressure that might help him calm down. Tony leans into the touch, grabbing onto the arms around him while he focusses on his breath once again. Breathe in, breathe out. Repeat that again and again.
As Thanos approaches, the others all start running towards him – except for Clint, who works better at a distance with his arrows. Despite throwing multiple explosive ones at him, Thanos seems little bothered about.
The view on the screen changed after a couple of hours. At first it had been planet passing by, but eventually it became clear that the ship is nearing its destination with one particular planet staying in the center of the image.
“I think you should better sit down,” he says, pointing towards the seat behind him. Tony obeys, feeling dread all over his body without even having heard anything about it.
Reed Richards and Susan Storm have secluded themselves for a bit. As far as Steve heard, they've had a son a few years back and are now pregnant again with a daughter. Steve hasn't really spoken to any of them since they've returned to Earth, so he has no idea, really.
The village is purring with hope. Some Asgardians that haven’t disappeared felt like they couldn’t stay here and moved out to other cities. The ones that didn’t, all have their own houses here. Now, hearing that their King is maybe part of a plan to bring back their missing loved ones, everybody is talking about it.
“Ne- Nebula,” he whispers out. His dry lips crack painfully, and he can taste the blood on his tongue because of it.
“You’re insufferable,” he mutters out. Hilde turns back to the window to have another look at the ship. But no matter how long she looks, she can’t think of any way to escape that. Despite being so large, they’ve snuck up on them so easily, so surely it has a few tricks up its sleeve. “The shields are at seventy-five percent capacity, but it’s dropping with each hit.”
“There’s no time for a thing!” Tony says, putting a hand on Bruce’s shoulder and pointing at Big running up to them. “That’s the thing right there, let’s go.”
“Surprise,” Tony says, mid-hug with Morgan who clings on to him like an octopus. Tony swings her around with a wide smile on his face, which looks… wounded, still. Scarred. His  Like there’s a burn-mark on the right side of it, going all the way to his neck and probably his arm, which looks limp as it hangs next to his body. There seems to be something wrong with his right eye as well.
Steve’s voice asks on the other side of the line. Shit, it aches to hear it, knowing that Steve is so far away.
That’s when Tony notices Steve’s familiar car approaching the house. He smiles, impressed by the perfect timing. He puts the helmet down on the railings of the deck and waits for his partner to step out, only to see that he’s not alone.
“You’re here to do your laundry?” she asks in a jokingly manner. It falls flat, but Steve isn’t going to point it out.
“You okay?” Peter asks. Tony nods, letting go of Peter’s arm and stepping out of his embrace. Then Tony turns around, faces Peter with a serious look, and he takes a deep breath before he starts talking.
It comes with the loud noise of ground being torn apart. Steve and Thor both turn around to find giant drill-like vehicles digging through the earth and making their way through the forcefield.
Around the fourth jump, Peter feels a large hand grabbing him by the neck. Suddenly, Peter’s thrown on the ground, feeling all air escape his lungs in a panicked moment.
With a moment of quiet, he looks over at Strange. For a few seconds, he can’t help but stare. Strange is
Tony laughs sadly as he looks back down at the paper. He knows Steve is standing right next to him when he glances at the sheet as well.
Thor’s battle cry is their indication to start. As soon as the God runs towards him, Tony thrusts himself up in the air and Steve throws his shield in the Titan’s direction. It seems to do little to the Titan, but they’re not about to give up so easily.
“In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter… it was never personal. But I’ll tell you know; what I’m about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet – I’m gonna enjoy it very, very much.”
“Yes, Tony,” he says after that. His free hand, he presses against Tony’s chest, where it’s immediately covered by Tony’s hand. Meanwhile, Rhodey must have let go of Peter, as the kid is suddenly back with them.
Yet, nothing happens. It’s quiet, the battle in Wakanda seemingly having stopped for some reason. The winds keep on blowing eerily. The animals are silent. The downed Avengers all slowly get back up on their feet to see what’s happening.
“So, are we getting the whole team back together?” asks Tony curiously. As far as he remembers, everybody went their own way. He can’t blame them; Thor has his own family now. Clint is MIA, Rhodey’s doing more military work to distract himself from reality.
Nebula tells her to be quiet with pained grunts. Thanos hurts her, more and more. Nebula lets out sounds Gamora has never heard her make. Tears stream down her face upon hearing her. She can’t do it, it’s too much.
He never expects to see a silhouette standing there. It’s a woman, he realizes. He can recognizes as she lowers her glowing. She has her face bare in space, yet it doesn’t seem to bother her. Her hair is flowing thanks to the powers she must be releasing. When she sees him, she offers him a smile.
Tony rolls his eyes. He really needs to have another conversation with him about what they’re supposed to call each other in public when they’re like this.
She runs into the hallway, expecting the others to follow her. Getting to the hallway computer, she enters the ship’s settings and starts up the emergency alarm. Almost instantly, people start walking out of their rooms to see what’s going on.
Irritation wells up, Tony points at Drax before addressing Quill. “Okay, Mr. Clean is on his own page.” Quill just lets out an exasperated sigh, like he’s used to this happening.
With Peter, it didn’t really matter what he ate; he could eat pizzas and fries every day and wouldn’t have gain a single bit of weight. Morgan, though, she is 100%, completely human. There’s not a speck of super soldier in her. Nothing related to spider-venom. She is just… perfect.
But then the hold loosens, and Steve notices a blade sticking out of the creature’s chest. The guy grunts out in pain and surprise, and not soon after he’s lost consciousness. He’s thrown aside by Vision, who’s clearly struggling to stay upright and is using all of his strength to stand there. His entire body is shimmering, even when he drops forward on the ground. Steve stops him and helps him sit up against a fallen tree.
And that’s that, it’s finally over. Steve looks down at his supply; he still has enough for four trips or so. He can work with that. He quickly sets the date. Not too soon after, but also not too late. Just right.
“Try it on,” he says. The emotionally fond look Sam had disappears and changes into confusion when Steve’s words start to sink in. Upon hearing the footsteps behind them, Steve knows that Tony finally ventured back out of the house, though he doesn’t come closer. He still sees Sam glancing backwards.
Peter is quiet, and so is Morgan. She looks around once they’re outside, people standing in their garden that she doesn’t know. And Peter is glad to see all of them. Some he wouldn’t even have expected to have stayed. It’s good to know that there are so many people around here that care about Tony.
“I am not leaving this ship. Who-ever this person is, whatever he wants, we’ll meet him and we’ll find a solution,” Thor says, crossing his arms and pulling up a smirk. Hilde feels compelled at rolling her eyes upon seeing the smugness on his face. Diplomacy, it’s an idea he’s trying to follow, though Hilde’s not sure if it’s a process he can actually follow through.
“Shit,” says Morgan excitedly. Tony thought Steve had brought her to bed, already, as she came to give him a goodnight kiss already. Seeing her sitting on the stairs, she must have been watching Tony work again. He shouldn’t have been surprised.
They do tell the other Avengers eventually. Of course they do; like Natasha said, they are family. But while not everyone at the funeral is told, the people who
“I’m sorry, what, we’re just sitting around, waiting for the right opportunity?” Thor sounds annoyed.
“Tony,” shrugs Steve, then. Thor’s eyes widen while he picks up his axe again, preparing himself for another charge of thunder.
Steve can’t help but glance at Wanda, whose hand is close to her mouth, her whole body signaling some kind of uncertainty and fear. When she looks back at Vision, there’s something in her eyes, something… conflicted.
“Stop. Stop it!” It never seems wise to touch the gauntlet; Gamora has never put her hands on it. But this time, she still does. Pulling it down, she looks up to the man who calls himself her father. The man she hates most in her life.
“We like each other a lot,” Hilde says after clearing her throat. “But it’s nothing too serious so far.”
They did it. They actually did it. Sure, they’re not out of danger, just yet, but just the fact that Peter is here… At this point, Tony doesn’t think there’s anything that can stop him, now.”
The Fantastic Four also seem to have finally reunited, but the biggest surprise, much to Tony’s extra glee, is the familiar blue suit he’d been working on. The Rescue armor lands on the ground, and as the figure looks up, the helmet moves back and reveals Pepper’s very annoyed face.
“See him down there?” Tony asks, pointing at Strange. Peter nods, squatting down while he tries to take in what he sees. “He’s in trouble. What’s your plan? Go.”
“Want me to come along?” he hears behind him. Steve turns to see Sam standing there, his hands in his pockets and a smirk on his face. He looks ever so eager to help, confident that he can do it. And Steve’s sure that he can, too.
“I know this is a lot, but I promise you, Pete, it’s really me.” Tony takes another step towards him. “No-one knows you’re my kid, right? So how could anybody trick you with that?”
Whatever they know of the stones is put together in the files. FRIDAY keeps every bit of data they can come up with, but Tony also has her dig through SHIELD’s old data files. Ol’ Nick Fury would turn in his grave, had he not been turned into dust, instead.
She’s weak. Thanos taught her not to be, but she still is. She was taught not to love, yet she still did. And now she doesn’t know what will happen to her sister, or how the man she loves is doing at this moment.
As soon as Riverstones’ chest was on level ground, Steve let him go. He pushed himself up until he had his back feet under him, and then sprawled out.
Tony turned to look at him, and Rhodey stared back from the slit of the woven mask. “Rhodey, I don’t understand what’s happening,” Tony pleaded.
Tony curled over and put a thickly mittened hand to his head. He might as well have been naked for all the good the winter clothing was doing him – he was chilled and soaked in sweat under his parka, and probably smelled like piss (goddamn wet wool), and his stomach was hugging his spine.
Alone in the woods, Tony tried to make sense of where they’d landed. The lack of color vision aside, the world was vibrant with sounds and scents that he couldn’t find words to describe. He gave into the sudden desire to run up a tree’s rough bark. He almost fell off from the weight on his back, but recovered with thoughtless ease, finding that place again where his body moved with seamless coordination.
The strange anxious twist in his chest bloomed into hot, angry acid. “That is not fair,” he snarled, pointing a finger at Steve, who just crossed his arms over his chest. “You’re the one who leaves! You’re the one who only comes to me when you have steam to blow off.”
What he didn’t say was that Tony used to thrill him as much as anger him. Tony didn’t say it either. He reached down to grab Steve’s belt buckle, and gave it a hard yank as he pulled the belt’s tail out of the loop.
“Sit down, Captain Rogers!” the voice snapped. Pain cracked down Steve’s spine and his ass slammed back into the seat hard enough to make the chair rock. Clenching his jaw, he tried again, but he couldn’t convince his legs to take his weight. The chair shuffled a quarter of an inch backwards.
. Whatever that inky pit of blackness was, it must have transformed him into these animal bodies. Which just left the important question of where they were, and how the hell they were going to get back.
It was still some distance away, but Steve guessed that they would reach the outskirts of the village within the next hour. He looked up at the sky again.
He turned around and looked over his shoulder at the mess on his back. His ass and thighs had faint and splotchy bruises, some red spots dotting the area. The curve of his back had a dark bruise and Steve remembered the feeling of not being able to breath last night. It had been positively holy.
"God you fucking were, weren't you? Feel that mess you made you-" Steve cut Tony off by unceremoniously pushing away from him and desperately trying to get off the couch. He was sucking in each other his breaths like they were coming through a straw as he hurriedly tried to tuck himself back in his pants and button his shirt with only the half use of one of his hands.
It was Tony who finally made him take a small break. He walked over to Steve with a glass of wine and some baked good. Steve very gently set his cello down and gave it a sturdy '
Tony made eye contact with him and Steve smiled so sweetly that Tony though perhaps he could orgasm from just that.
Tony pulled two things out of the bag and set them on the bed next to Steve before standing up and pulling his own clothing off. His cock was still soft, but it would hopefully be hard again within the next several minutes.
"It's Steve, about a sick note." He wondered if he wouldn't be directed to Tony because he'd said that. He supposed that surgeons didn't usually handle writing sick notes for their patients. Nurses did that or something, but Tony was the only person he knew from the clinic other than Natasha, and he didn't really
He clean shaved and pushed his hair back out of his face, and by the time he left the apartment Bucky was making congratulatory noises and Steve was realizing that he was running very early.
"Yeah, Peggy asked me if I'd play for her." Steve felt uncomfortable and anxious. He never knew how to conduct himself around his parents. Everything they said to him was meant to trip him up and fuck him up.
"Oh shit, you just seemed so comfortable on your back." Tony said, the double entendre obvious in his voice as he continued to stroke Steve's cock, not letting their conversation ruin the mood. And it wasn't really, Steve was as hard as ever, his hips spasming up into Tony's hand even as he tried to keep them down on the couch. He could feel the cool relief of pecum dripping down his cock and cooling it slightly.
"Hey!" Tony chided, shuffling down Steve's body a little so he could press open mouthed kisses to his upper chest. Steve rested his braced arm lightly on Tony's back. "Don't apologize, just lay back and let me take care of you." Tony assured but Steve didn't really much feel better.
There was the sound of something sliding off of the ground and in Steve's periphery he saw a thick wooden paddle. It was a dark colored wood and beautiful, but it made Steve's blood run cold.
"I hadn't, no." Steve didn't want to talk about Thanos. If he had his way he would never see the man again.
He'd always thought he would be sad to effectively lose his parents, but standing next to Tony he realized that he didn't really need them.
Finally, after Tony was convinced that Steve was as relaxed as he was going to get, Tony pulled away from the mans lips and sat back on his knees. In a rare moment of action, Steve placed his own hand over Tony's bulge but Tony just shook his head.
Steve pulled the phone back up to his face. "Yeah, put me down for a plus one Peggy. I can't wait to see you again." He said honestly, he did miss her. She was one of the only people he could really connect with in high school.
Steve was pulling his shirt over his head and shimmying his joggers off of his legs. He gave his cock a few perfunctory strokes to bring it to full hardness. Pre-come already beginning to leak from the tip.
Tony looked like he was deep in thought for a moment as he continued to take deep breaths with Steve who was finally beginning to get his breathing under control again. "I- shit, god fuck pretty boys." He mumbled, just barely audible for Steve to hear. "Come back to my clinic right now. I'll do the surgery pro fucking bono." Tony finally said and Steve paled.
"No, her grandfather was the neurologist, she just has a business degree. Dr. Banner is our neurologist now." Tony explained. Past the door they were in what seemed like a whole different, much smaller building. There was an office to the side and then a surgery room and what seemed like a closet.
"Oh my," he began, and knew that the next words out of his mouth would probably irreparably ruin their relationship, if it hadn't been already. "Well perhaps
He also remembered getting home, where his brother had waited to ambush him. He'd seen Steve out with the boy, and then sat at home, ready to show Steve exactly what he thought of that. And the worst part of it all wasn't the numerous punches and slaps, it was the fact that after all of it, as he'd laid on the carpeted floor of his living room, he realized that he was half hard in his pants. Steve didn't think his brother had ever told their parents, he was sure his life would have been much different if that had happened.
The response was immediate. Steve's shoulders slouched and his brow seemed to relax, smoothing out his forehead wrinkles.
The conversation was just so painfully awkward. Steve felt like he was at a live table-read for a script he'd never seen before.
Tony reached behind him for the scalpel and punched through the plastic like one would with a straw.
"Yeah, I thought Coulson was going to kill us all. Oh, and there was some heat in the first violins this morning." Bucky enticed and came around in front of Steve to ponder through there ever empty fridge. Not that they didn't have the money to buy food, they just both hated going grocery shopping, especially since all the shops around their area were super bourgie.
Steve knocked lightly at the door and Tony ushered him into the apartment with a brilliant smile. "Glad to see you again."
"I'm not tired." He complained and pushed Tony's hands away, finally fully awake after having been blacked out. "I didn't fall asleep, I passed out." He reminded the man and Tony moved away quickly, letting Steve pull the covers back.
Tony licked his lips and then shook his head slightly. He unwrapped Steve's hand and then threw the biohazard waste away, pulling up a needle and injecting Steve with a local anesthetic. A bit of blood pooled up again and Steve took a deep breath, looking away. "Sorry, not good with blood." Steve admitted.
"Well, mother, father, as you heard. We have to get going. I'll see you at Christmas." He decidedly wouldn't see them at Christmas.
Keeping the tightness on Steve's neck steady, Tony started to wholeheartedly fuck into Steve, the brutality of it rocking Steve's body and causing Tony's hand to rub up and down his neck, chaffing it slightly.
Steve actually thought for a moment, but then shook his head. "No, I'm going to out chair Loki, and then you're going to sit next to that weird chick who doesn't wash her hair." Steve said, resolutely.
Steve was awoken in the morning by the sound of his phone ringing. He immediately didn't know where he was, and looked around the room in confusion as he tried to figure out where his phone was. He slowly came to his senses and found his phone plugged in on Tony's nightstand, Steve didn't remember ever plugging it in. It was only at 50%, so Steve assumed Tony had plugged it in before he had left for work that morning, an event that Steve only barely remembered.
"Maybe you should join me in the restroom." Tony offered and Steve nodded as the man began to pull him through the crowds of people, holding Steve's hand tightly in one of his own. "Wanna tell me what you did?" Tony asked as they walked just slightly above a casual pace.
Steve was prepared for the first blow, and it stung him but wasn't anywhere near as bad as the full force of Tony's hand. His body tensed up and then loosened as the hit came and he was rocked forward from it. It was a different kind of pain, more dull than Tony's hand had been, and Steve could feel the unspoken potential for far more pain behind the blow.
Steve made himself comfortable on the bed as Tony hastily unbuttoned his shirt and slid out of his pants. "Yours off too." Tony commanded and Steve's was quick to shimmy out of them, leaving him in only his boxer briefs. When he looked back up at Tony though, the man was completely undressed and Steve obliviously licked his lips at the sight of Tony's cock. It wasn't incredibly long, but it was thick, thicker than any cock Steve had encountered in real life before.
"Yeah, that should be fine, we'd have to fly back on Sunday though, I'm scheduled like six months out."
Steve gave himself a tentative stroke and flexed his cock, letting out a sound of surprise at the new feeling. "Tell me if it's too much, right?" Tony asked and Steve nodded.
"Yes, very good news of course. His fiancee will be in New York early November to buy her dress, and she conveyed interest in meeting you. I've given her your cell number."
"Steve," he mumbled into Steve's ear at some point during the walk, Steve only nodded. "Thank you for telling me no." He finally said and Steve didn't really know how to respond so he just nodded again. "
Tony looked at him when he heard that, finally realizing who Steve was on the phone with. He gave Steve's forearm a small squeeze.
Tony gave a few shallow thrusts before starting to pick up the pace. At first just the burn of the size seemed like it would be enough for Steve, but Tony could tell that he was starting to get used to it, so he tentatively reached forward to rest his hand at the base of Steve's neck. He let Steve get used to the fact that his hand was there for a moment before he wrapped it around his neck, loosely at first, making sure that Steve knew what he was doing the whole time. Some people
"Come in," Tony offered and stepped aside, letting Steve walk into the foyer of the apartment. Though he was barely sure if this classified as an apartment or a mansion at that point. The entryway was all sleek black at grey, and looked either impeccably clean or rarely used, Steve couldn't tell. "Do you want something to drink?"
"You're not stupid, so I'm assuming you've gathered what this is, and what I'm probably going to do with it." Tony danced around any specific words or actions, but just looking at the knife was making his heart race. "I needed you to see it, you can tell it's completely sterile. Of course I know what I'm doing with it so that's nothing to be afraid of." Tony's tongue darted out of his mouth to lick at his lips as he considered how to phrase the second half of his explanation. "I won't go deep. Barely a-" Tony scrambled for vague words again, nothing that would let Steve's mind panic. "You'll barely feel it. You can tell me at any point to stop with your safe word and I'll get rid of everything, we'll never talk about it or use it again. Do you need to use your safe word
His other hand stroked Steve's incredibly sensitive cock, bringing both pain and pleasure as Tony fucked into him. Steve was a mess of incomprehensible noises and moans, pushing back to meet all of Tony's thrusts.
His fingertips went down to touch the blood, smearing it against his stomach as Tony quickened his pace. Tony grunted and then he was pulling out and tying his condom off, all the while Steve's fingers were still absent-mindedly pushing his blood around.
instead of the proper pronoun did actually help. It took him out of the words, made it seem like he was describing something on TV, not actually what he was doing.
"Steve!" A voice came, way to peppy for such an early morning, and it made his headache just that much worse. "How are ya? Sorry to call so early but I was wondering if you got my invite?"
"Sit back on your knees." Tony ordered and sucked his lips into his mouth, contemplating what he was about to do. From a medical standpoint he wouldn't be permanently injuring Steve, but Steve wouldn't know that. Tony'd had this done to him before, not in a sexual way, and it truly had felt like he was going to die for a moment. He couldn't imagine doing this to someone else, but seeing how much pleasure Steve was getting was making his erection pulse. Steve looked so incredibly blissed out.
"Take a seat on the bed. Take your clothes off." Tony said and then knelt by the bed to pull the box out from under it.
It was a weird feeling rushing through his body, he'd been so worried about his parents simply finding out that he was gay. And now that they had he realized that the worst thing they could do to him was stop talking to him, and Steve never really liked talking in the first place. They had no power over him. Even if they knew that their son liked to be bloodied and used during sex, what could they do about it? It's not like they'd ever tell anyone, for fear of they themselves being judged.
There was a floor length mirror in his room and Steve came to stand before it. The tee shirt he was still wearing had a blood stain on the front of it and it peeled uncomfortably away from his stomach, but it didn't make him sick.
There was something about Tony that had made him feel safe in that moment. Never before had Steve let anyone touch him like that, and he probably would have let Tony have his way if he hadn't kept bringing up all that... stuff.
Tony smiled at him and Steve smiled back. Tony motioned for them to start walking and Tony quickly took the cello from Steve's hand, carrying it himself. "My house?" Tony half-whispered and Steve nodded.
Neither of them spoke for a moment as they looked through the menus and then placed their order and Steve was struck by how slightly awkward everything was.
"I want to fuck you into this couch." Tony whispered in Steve's ear as he finally got the man's cock free from the slit in his briefs. Tony gave it a few leisurely pumps with his hand.
"You should be glad I even have one of these. I barely remember why." Tony explained and took a seat again, pulling Steve's hand into his lap and doing up the brace, showing him how to do it. After he was finished Tony didn't immediately let go of Steve's hand, he instead looked up at him. "Your hands gonna be fine kid, you shouldn't worry so much." Tony mumbled and Steve realized that the mans gaze was focused on his lips. Steve's eyes flicked down to Tony's own lips just as Tony licked them.
Bucky looked like he wanted to press the issue more, but simply watched on as Tony and Steve awkwardly shuffled into Steve's room and then slammed the door. There was the immediate sound of an argument commencing outside the door, but Tony just ignored it in favor of laying Steve down on his bed.
"I'm gonna be straight with you Steve, this makes me kind of nervous. I don't know you very well so I don't know what your limits are, you obviously don't either, and you just want to put
The couch was in the living room so they both walked out, Tony carrying the ice and medicine for Steve who motioned for Tony to sit back on the couch while he grabbed a granola bar from the kitchen.
Steve mechanically unzipped his pants and slipped his cock out of the slit in his underwear. He didn't even know if Tony could see it from behind the computer screen and over the desk. Steve closed his eyes as he grabbed a hold of himself.
Steve knew he was just exaggerating, but the thought of it sent warm excitement through him nonetheless.
She looked just as shocked as he was and immediately whipped her head around to try and see them. "Oh my God, Steve. I'm so sorry. Tonight's been kind of a shit show because my mom invited a bunch of people who weren't on the list. I promise you that I
"Look like you severed or pulled an extensor tendon." Natasha remarked and Steve briefly forgot that she worked in the medical world before a pit formed in his stomach.
Tony still had his hand loosely in Steve's hair and Steve looked up at him lasciviously from under his lashes.
Tony wondered how much longer they were going to last. He'd been with a lot of people in his life, but none so pliant as Steve. Tony could tell the man was at least enjoying what they were doing, but he couldn't put his finger on what else was going on. Maybe he didn't like dirty talk? That was kind of a deal-breaker as Tony loved talking dirty. But Steve didn't seem to dislike anything, he just got more aroused and more reserved as time went by.
"Second chair bassist actually." Steve corrected and Tony nodded, but didn't really seem to care. Not that Steve minded, most people were content just to watch the symphony and not really know anything about it.
just had a rough night." Tony tried to amend the situation, but he didn't think he was making it any better.
That got Steve to turn and then he heard Tony rustling through the box, pulling things out and then the sound of the box sliding over the hard wood floor and back under the bed. Two objects were set on the floor where Steve wouldn't be able to see. Tony told him he could turn back over and as he did Tony was setting a bottle of lube and a box of antiseptic wipes on the nightstand.
"Still there Steve?" Pepper's voice came back over and Steve stuttered in his movements, his hand becoming shaky and sporadic around his cock. He wanted to cry.
"Very good for me Steve." Tony mentioned, but when Steve looked up at him he was still staring at the computer screen and typing something. Steve's cock pulsed in his hand as he was neglected attention.
Tony set a condom and a bottle of lube on the bed next to him and then pulled Steve's hips back so that he was on his knees with his chest still on the bed. He warmed the lube in-between his hands then steadied one hand on Steve's hip before inserting his first finger slowly into Steve's waiting hole. Tony's cock gave an interested jump as he saw his finger disappearing into Steve, and Tony had to keep himself from rushing through all of this--no matter how much Steve liked pain, Tony didn't want to tear him on his first time bottoming.
She had been his high school 'girlfriend.' In reality she had just posed as his girlfriend to help him out with his family. They had been best friends though once upon a time. "Invite? No, what's up?" He hadn't seen her in years, since he left home to New York. She wasn't very active on social media so he never really knew what was up with her, and neither of them were good at frequently calling or texting.
They both got changed in silence, Steve felt a lot better after he was out of the bloody shirt and in soft, cozy clothes.
"Oh, I think he's in a surgery right now but I can check real quick. Can I ask your name and what this is in regards to?" She asked and he could hear the clicking of a pen over the phone.
" Steve groaned and his hips bucked into nothingness, his cock trying to get friction that Tony wasn't going to let him have. Tony hit him again in the same spot and Steve keened, letting out a high pitched whine that made Tony's breath stutter. Steve was getting so much pleasure from this that Tony almost couldn't believe it was possible. He'd been with people who said they were sadists before, but most of them were lying to some extent. Most of them couldn't take was Steve was taking, and Steve was asking for
"You never think long term do you? This isn't going to heal on its own Steve! You're never going to play a fucking caprice ever again if you can't straighten your third finger."
Most people he and Peggy's age and younger were pretty open minded, but Steve was worried about some of his parents friends. The news was no doubt going to reach them. He would just try to enjoy himself in the meantime.
the limits of the body, and I crossed them. I'm never hitting you on the back again." He warned and Steve drew lines on Tony's back with his fingers in a comforting gesture.
Steve expected himself to feel scared or anxious about the phone call, but he actually found that he suddenly felt very destressed. Like a huge weight had been lifted off of his body. He'd been kind of waiting for this day his whole life, the day his parents would basically disown him.
"Let's see your neck." Tony looked up briefly from his computer and Steve flushed red but unzipped the jacked and pulled it to the side to show Tony the full extent. Tony just hummed slightly and nodded his head.
Tony looked like he didn't know what to do for a moment and then he knelt in front of Steve, putting a hand on his cheek and stroking ever so gently. "I'm sorry, please cum for me Steve, I want to watch you." Tony ordered, suddenly changing gears.
Tony kept a tight hold around his waist on the walk to Steve's apartment, all the while Tony assured him that it wasn't even very far out of his own way. Their conversation petered out as they got closer to the apartment and Steve noticed that Tony's grip was slightly looser.
Every once in a while Tony shoved himself so deeply down Steve's throat that he was forced to gag, and the feeling of being out of control like that was elating.
"Because I like my name to be a safe place for when we're doing things that are more traditionally intimate. It won't be hard Steve, you probably won't need to refer to me, and if you do, you've called me Doctor before."
"I want to go home. I hate this town." Steve complained as he took the passenger seat next to Tony and lay his head against the window, already exhausted. He'd been practicing basically non-stop for the past few days and had honestly tired himself out, but he would be fine.
"Yeah, sure thing. Give me one second to track him down." She said and then a blaringly bad rendition of Ode to Joy played through the phone as a hold tone and Steve awkwardly sat on the edge of his bed. He looked around his room for a moment, sparse for the most part, and when he looked down to his pressed jeans he realized with great horror that he had become hard.
Steve very slowly got out of bed, each movement unlocked a new soreness that he hadn't known about. When he finally stood up he let out a soft groan at the feeling and had to steady himself on his feet. He thought back to last night and considered the pros and cons of what they had done.
He didn't answer for a while, thinking things over in his head. Honestly, Bucky knew more about his situation than maybe anyone, and he'd always been very empathetic about it. "It's not really them that I'm worried about."
"Maybe I should go to the emergency room." Steve looked down at his hand again, there was a little bit of red starting to dot the bandages now. He just hadn't looked close enough at the wound to see how deep it was, just assumed it was surface level.
"Uh, I started playing piano when I was four, and then cello at age seven." He explained and Tony nodded, as if deeply thinking over his answer.
The surgery seemed to go over quickly, Steve kept his eyes averted for most of it, and it couldn't have taken longer than thirty minutes for the whole thing. When Tony finally got his attention again it was already stitched up and looked pretty good. "Follow me back to my office, I gotta get you a brace and go over healing time with you." Tony said and Steve hopped up off of the bed. He wondered if Tony would have to stay late and clean up everything. There wasn't that much blood, but it probably couldn't sit for the weekend.
' and, I don't know how else to put this but the entire orchestra was chaos. Phil just could not get us to simmer the fuck down after that one." Bucky explained, very dramatic, with hand gestures and different articulating voices. It left Steve cracking up and rolling his eyes a bit.
Tony walked Steve to the door of the clinic, unlocking it for him. They stood on the front step awkwardly for a moment and Steve worried at his bottom lip.
"Yep, you sliced a tendon. You're gonna need a surgery within the next few days if you want to regain normal control of your finger." Tony explained, washing the cut with lukewarm water. The blood was not flowing as fast anymore and Tony was able to rewrap it without much issue.
Tony pressed the knife against Steve's stomach and then pressed down, the cut flowering as he drug across.
say no, but the thought of doing it right here while Tony was busy with work and people were still in the building made his cock stir.
" he drew out the word and Steve felt like their were far to many people around them to be talking about things like this, he had to keep reminding himself that Tony was talking incredibly quiet, and that no one in New York really gave a shit what they were doing. "I think we need a word other than 'no' for you."
The ceremony passed without incident. Steve didn't really know who Peggy's new husband was, but he seemed nice enough. They didn't have time to talk during the ceremony of course, so she found him during the reception and gave him an enormous hug while he tried to set up his cello.
To Loki's credit, he did immediately soften his eyes and look actually quite upset. "Oh no, how long are you out for?"
"No, no, that would just cause more problems for you. I think Tony and I are going to head out though. I don't think they'd make a scene but... I just don't know."
Peggy looked upset but she nodded anyway and pulled him into a tight hug. "I'm so sorry Stevie, thank you for coming, it means a lot to me. You too Tony! Just be nice to Steve, alright?"
But Steve had felt so unfulfilled in his previous relationships, like he had been missing something in all the previous ones. He'd lamented for days over how to accurately voice all of his apprehensions to Tony, how to get the man to go along with what he'd wanted. Steve didn't even know if Tony actually wanted to pursue a relationship with him, maybe he'd just been being nice because Steve had been so out of it. However, something about it had felt more real than that, and Steve supposed he would never know for sure if he didn't give it a chance.
"I don't know. Thor wants to do Concerto in A minor, but it's got a slightly nasty cello solo. It wouldn't be
"Will you talk to me while you fuck me?" Steve asked, making sure to get it out before he wouldn't be able to talk.
T'Challa, Loki's boyfriend, spotted him first and so then Steve had to stop and chat for a second. T'Challa played contrabassoon, the only player in the symphony. They hadn't really talked much before, but were friendly with each other.
"Look at my hand." Steve held it up to Bucky to show him that his left hand was wrapped haphazardly in a tight bandage.
Steve woke up to the sound of a phone ringing. As he slowly came to he recognized it as his own ringtone and so he tried to sit up, and found that both his entire body hurt and he had an arm around his waist keeping him down.
I thought you weren't feeling up to drinking." Bucky complained. Steve took a seat back down on the bed, feeling the soreness beginning to fade away after the initial shock.
"Do you want to come back to mine tonight?" Tony asked and Steve froze up a bit. He was still thinking about the words that Tony wanted from him, and of course what had happened in his office earlier, and though Steve wanted more, he was busy early tomorrow morning... "If you're busy you can just say so. I won't be upset." Tony interjected after Steve had taken a long time to answer.
"You can open them." Tony said as his hand came back down to circle around Steve's cock. The scalpel was held behind his back for the moment, though Tony could tell Steve knew it was their.
He piled his wallet and phone into his pocket and was about to step out the door when he caught sight of himself in Tony's hall mirror, and stopped dead in his tracks. Steve blinked a few times at the sight of his neck. There were several marks on it, at least one was a hickey, a few others looked like finger indentations that had left splotchy red marks from how Tony's fingers had wrapped around from behind. Steve reached up to touch at the marks and then pulled his hand away, shaking slightly.
Precum was gathering over his first rapidly and Tony knew that he didn't have much time left. He slowed his pace slightly, giving a deliberate twist at the end of his stroke, which made Steve's hips buck up into his hand, trying desperately to get off.
"I'm gonna go get dressed, don't do anything weird." Steve warned, giving him a cheesy 'i'm watching you' motion with his fingers. Bucky held up his hands in surrender/defeat.
When Steve looked over to him, the expression on Tony's face was pensive, almost unsure of himself, more nervous than Steve had seen him thus far.
"I didn't want to be a burden." He explained and grabbed his own glass of champagne, maybe that would take away from the dully throbbing pain in his hand.
Finally Tony was back, this time with a little medical kit. He made short work of the cut with a few butterfly bandages.
When he got to Tony's door he realized that he couldn't hesitate at this point, he had to at least try and show some confidence or else this would never work. He didn't want Tony thinking he was just a scared little kid. So Steve rapped on it a few times and then immediately afterwards felt the anxiety flow back into his body like a wave.
It was just after six-thirty, so people were going out for dinner or just getting home from work, some people seemed as though they were headed
" Tony mumbled and grabbed a wash cloth, wetting it and cleaning Steve's mouth, handing him some mouth-wash that Steve lacklusterly gargled with. Tony then flushed the toilet and pressed another wash cloth to Steve's cut. It was starting to slow already but Tony didn't think Steve would want to see it right now.
"I uh, I need a sick note for my job." He said and sniffled, reaching over to grab a tissue from his bedside table so he could attempt to clean himself up a little bit.
Steve took a seat, but nothing felt comfortable, his whole body felt out of place and unruly in Tony's posh furniture.
Tony looked at Steve's thighs. It hurt much worse to be hit on the thighs, but Steve still seemed to want more. They'd surpassed what Tony could do with his hand, and so he swallowed around a lump in his throat but still brought that paddle back and than
Tony took a seat in a chair across from Steve and pulled something out of his pocket, Steve could barely focus his eyes on what it was. It was in a clear plastic package, flimsy by the looks of it so it could be torn open. In the package was a blue handled scalpel. Steve looked up at Tony with worry in his eyes.
" He stuttered out, almost wheezing on the last word, still not stopping the fluid motions of his hand, if only he could just fucking finish. His cock seemed to have other ideas though, and the more he and Tony talked the more he felt like it was going to take a hell of a lot longer.
Tony didn't know how to comfort him, didn't know what he needed other than sleep, so simply rubbed gentle patterns into Steve's body until his breathing mellowed out. Tony was fairly sure he wouldn't get any sleep.
hi all! just a reminder that the first few chapters of this fic were pretty light-hearted, but it will get darker as more about steve's past is revealed and as he and tony delve into deeper things. personally i wouldn't consider their relationship entirely safe, sane, and consensual. definitely consensual, however it's blurry if it's safe and sane simply because steve appears to have no limits that he knows of.
It didn't take long to get hard. He didn't masturbate all that often, and so his cock seemed to jump to attention as soon as his hand circled around it. He felt his cheeks flush and he tilted his head downward so he wouldn't make eyecontact with Tony again as he slowly stroked himself to hardness.
"But our chairing auditions are in two weeks!" Loki fretted and Steve was taken aback a bit by the phrasing.
The surgery ward was pretty empty, and a lot of the lights were off. The door to Tony's office was propped open and so Steve only offered a polite knock on the door as he stepped inside.
"Don't get ahead of yourself, just breath for a minute." Tony chided and let them into his office. He motioned for Steve to take a seat on the couch and after only a moment of hesitation Tony took a seat next to him. Tony reached for Steve's hand and pointed out where the tendon had been severed and how long he would have to rest it for. Steve would have to take at least a month of medical leave from the symphony. There was barely two months left of concert season.
in any way. Memories of his step-brother beating him into the ground as his mother looked the other way and his step-father simply said 'watch the hands' crept into Steve's mind. Memories that absolutely wrecked him.
"We'll have to get a bigger ball then." Tony responded, his eyes dark. Steve shivered imperceptibly.
The line was kind of quiet for a moment. "Dr. Stark doesn't usually sign notes, could I maybe get you in touch with Dr. Banner? Is he your primary physician? Or I can connect you with Saint Teresa?" She asked and Steve silently cursed.
Bucky shrugged his soft-cased cello on his back like a school bag and tightened the straps so it was flush against him. "I can whistle pretty well and Pete still has a voice like a delicate little flute."
"You want me to carry that for you?" Tony offered and Steve pretended to be offended before handing it off to Tony.
"I'm actually going to head to the studio for a bit." He said as they finally made their way out of the empty concert hall. They always waited until the last minute to get packed up just to avoid the rush of people. The foyer was basically empty when they walked through, and then onto the busy streets of New York proper.
"I got carried away last time. We both did I think. You're... More into pain then I originally suspected. Something like the paddle can't bring you as much pain as you want without seriously hurting you, especially when I hit you in the back. That was just stupid of me." Tony lamented, still mad at himself about that. He knew better, he'd just been so engrossed in the moment.
He felt himself getting closer, Steve's tight hole getting him off fast, especially since it was his second orgasm.
while she's still acting all high-and-mighty and Gamora is plotting her murder, Valkyrie slips off the fingerboard during her solo. She tries to play it off, but of course we can't let her get away with it because she was
Steve looked over at Tony for a second, the man was kind of just staring up at the ceiling, couldn't hear the other end of the phone. "Uh, one sec Peggy." He put the phone down and nudged Tony a bit. "Hey Tony, you free in two weeks?"
"How are things with the good doctor?" He asked, taking a seat next to Steve on the couch and leaning over to look at his music.
he would want to be somewhere safe and comforting right now. Tony hadn't had the foresight to contain their play to just the living room or bedroom, and right now Steve obviously didn't want to be in either one of them.
He nipped at Steve's side again, really the only spot on his whole torso where he was soft at all, the man was mostly muscle. Steve squeaked a little at the feeling and Tony licked his lips, pressing his cock harder against Steve's thigh and speeding up his hand on Steve's cock. They definitely weren't going to get around to any actual fucking tonight.
It took a few minutes for Steve to get his breathing under control and Tony watched him carefully even as he put the paddle away and pulled out his other instrument. He stroked Steve's face gently as Steve steadied himself, his eyes wild and his face pale.
"That's okay. Everything's fine." He said and pressed a soft kiss to Tony's forehead. "Do you have anything to do today?"
There was another slap, then another, and another until Steve lost count and he felt sweat dripping down his back. This was new. Tony had never repeatedly hit him without any kind of sexual stimulation before.
He weighed his options between just playing for the rest of the night and trying to avoid them, or making a mad dash for the exit with Tony. He would feel bad for leaving, but surely Peggy would understand. Steve anxiously searched through the crowd and found Tony standing with a group of his old high school friends, he seemed to fit right in. It made sense, Tony was a smooth talker and was probably actually having fun. He made eye contact with Steve and sent him a small wink. Steve blushed.
His body shook with a cold that overtook him and Tony seemed very panicked as he scooped Steve up off the floor and brought him back out to the living room couch. "Lay here for just a second Stevie, I'll be right back." Tony pressed a kiss to his forehead.
get that look. This is what you want, Right Steve?" Tony didn't continue till he got a nod. "It can't just all be about you, and I'm not going to ask a lot."
Steve hurried to pack his cello up and pull his coat back on. He shoved his music books into his satchel very gently and then knocked on Bucky's door to let him know he was heading out.
"Tony? What are you doing?" Steve asked, his eyes half-lidded as he came back to himself. He slowly figured out where he was: in Tony's bed, the man putting blankets up around him, ostensibly tucking him in.
Sarah looked at Tony with a critical eye and Joseph just looked tense. She extended a hand to him and Tony shook it. "Sarah Rogers, pleasure."
"No, please Tony. I can't do that. I can't, please don't make me." He begged and finally Tony's face softened a little bit.
They were silent for a moment, kind of awkwardly silent. "You know, this is kind of weird blue eyes." Tony finally said after a moment and Steve shuddered at that word.
Steve still looked slightly petrified, and incredibly tense so Tony decided not to ask him to move or do anything. Tony took a seat on Steve's lap, straddling the mans legs on the couch and sitting back on Steve's knees. He tilted Steve's head up towards his by pulling on his hair and then leaned down for a kiss.
Tony moved his hand down towards the bulge in Steve's pants, cupping his hand over it and giving it a soft squeeze, Steve pushed his hips forward to try and maintain friction. Tony pulled his hand away to haphazardly undo Steve's belt with just one hand, while also moving his lips back up to Steve's mouth. They met together for a sloppy kiss, their teeth clacked against one another and Steve felt a line of spit slide down his cheek, he didn't know if it was from him or Tony. Steve pushed his hips up into Tony's, rolling his still covered cock into Tony.
Tony would have ground rules of his own. It would be weird if he didn't. "I--I'm sorry. Please continue." He forced out.
Bucky seemed like he wanted to vacate the situation as quickly as possible so he just nodded, still looking apprehensive even as he retreated back into his room.
Steve stared down at the text notification on his phone for a second and set down his pencil. He was sitting at his kitchen island wit his laptop open in front of him. It was his least favorite activity of the year that usually he and Bucky could do together, but Steve had to kind of jump into gear on his own since he couldn't rehearse anymore. So he was calling all the local middle and high school, reminding the music teachers that he was once again available for private lessons. It was just so painfully awkward, plus Steve absolutely hated making phone calls. By this point, his third year of doing beginner lessons, he knew all of the teachers pretty well, but the whole thing of meeting new kids and trying to teach them how to play cello was just
to break Steve. Everything he usually did with new subs was just flunking horribly. But the things that he would
The clinic wasn't very far from where they lived of course, and Steve stopped to talk for a moment with Thor and Peter who had been rehearsing a duet in the studio, and then when he finally walked in, he was running almost twenty minutes early.
"I don't know man, it started bleeding, I wrapped it up right, and now I can't straighten out my third finger."
Tony slicked his fingers up and put one of Steve's legs over his shoulder, giving him easy access. Steve was keening when Tony finally pressed one finger inside. Steve let out a small moan of happiness at the feeling of being filled again and so Tony made short work of opening him.
"So hot, so good for me." Tony reassured, pressing kisses now on Steve's jawline. "I love it when you make those noises." He affirmed and Steve felt himself relax once more. That was good, those words were good, they made Steve feel like what he was doing way okay, like he was still good.
"Is Natasha the neurologist here?" He asked as he followed Tony through the hallways of the clinic. It was all very clean and sterile, not homey like some doctors offices. They finally got to the end of a long hall to a door that read '
"Are you playing anything for the symposium?" Bucky inquired and pulled a light jacket on. It was around eight at night, but still light outside and not really all that cold.
"Come on Steve, we're going out for a drink!" Bucky called, snapping his fingers in front of Steve's face as he mechanically annotated sheet music that he couldn't even do anything with. It had been three days since his Friday night shenanigans with Tony and Steve had kept himself mostly locked up in his room. They didn't have a rehearsal some mondays, just clinics and individual rehearsals, they were all expected to put in practice time and Steve hadn't had the energy yet to tell their conductor what had happened so he'd simply called in sick for the day. Phil Coulson was their conductor, and he was a really nice guy, but he wasn't going to let Steve take a bunch of sick days very easily.
"That's very good. I do have some unfortunate news though: it seems as if the winter here is going to be very harsh this year. I doubt you'll be able to find a flight for the holiday. I'll mail your gift to you this year." Her tone was clipped and invited no question.
and bucked his hips back again, mumbling something that could have been Tony's name, or just a million other vowel sounds as he cried out.
Tony steadied Steve with a hand on either shoulder. "Hey, breathe, come on. If you get it done soon you can play again in a month and a half." Tony tried to reason but that just made Steve more upset. His audition was in
She didn't respond for a moment and Steve was filled with elation at having made his mother at a loss for words.
"Oh I wouldn't do that! It was bleeding a lot." Steve tried to rush out, but as if on cue a small drop of blood hit the floor. Tony rushed to grip Steve's hand, pressing his fingers against the wound and trying to hold it closed.
"Hey Steve, why didn't you at least fucking call one of us?" Bucky questioned and Steve simply shrugged helplessly.
on google. There was a call button and Steve's thumb hovered over it for a moment before he finally pressed it, anxiousness flooding through his entire body.
"My coming here was really last minute, and, I-I'm not alone. So we got a hotel room. We actually have to get going now, very sorry." Steve was making tenuous eye contact with his mothers cheek, and completely avoiding his fathers gaze.
He finally finagled the phone into his hand and then collapsed back down on the bed, relaxing his abused limbs. Tony didn't stir.
Tony nodded anxiously and darted back to the bedroom. This wouldn't do at all, they would have slept on the couch if they'd stayed here. The bed was covered in blood, more blood than Tony had been anticipating. Not a dangerous amount of course, just
He wasn't entirely confident in his plan either, it had been hurried. He took brief nuggets of thoughts and ideas he'd had and amalgamated them into one scene, it truly wasn't his best work but he thought that at least Steve might like it.
Tony was laying next to him, an arm tight around Steve's waist. Steve could see his phone was haphazardly on the bed on the other side of Tony. He reached his arm and had to hold back a wince at the blistering pain in his back. He had a killer headache, his ass was on fire, and his back made him feel like an eighty year old man.
She offered him a smooth smile, she was very pretty, not that Steve was much interested in women. "Hi, can I help you?" She asked and he took another step towards her. The waiting room still had a few straggling patients in it, but Steve assumed that Tony wouldn't still be in surgery this late in the day.
Tony kept this up for a few moment, scratching Steve roughly and fucking him with his tongue. Steve's body felt sore from not being able to orgasm, his abs were tight and raw, and his thighs were quivering with exertion.
When he did finally orgasm, Tony bit down hard on Steve's shoulder blade, hard enough to leave a sizable bruise.
He didn't really know what to say, his parents had made sure that he wasn't a good liar. Pepper seemed like a reasonable women, but Steve had gone this far, it would be weird for him to just hang up the phone now. "Please, I just, sorry it's about some care for the surgery and the like as well. I, just, if you could tell him it's Steve, if he has a moment."
"Well the thing is you came home last night looking like you'd been drugged, with blood on your shirt, and your boyfriend who I've never actually met speaking for you."
Tony froze and wiped his brow, gently dabbing the sweat away as he brought the paddle back. He'd hit Steve at about half strength before, so he upped it, and when he brought the paddle down he thought of multitudes of his subs in the past who'd safeworded from this level of pain.
Tony moved his hand on Steve's hip to instead press against the bulge in his pants. With a brief showcase of intense strength, Tony lifted Steve the few inches so that he was sitting on the island, and then moved to his belt. "Take your shirt off." Tony commanded and Steve jumped to the order, peeling his tee shirt over his head, revealing his tight and heavily breathing stomach. The air in the kitchen was cold and his nipples instantly hardened.
He'd held a scalpel just like this a million times before. Used it for much more intense things than this, but for some reason it felt completely different in his hand today. His whole body was abuzz with some weird form of excitement, and Tony had to triple check that his hand was steady. He'd never even considered doing this before, but Steve's reaction to blood the first time was something Tony wanted to explore.
Tony and Peggy took to each other weirdly fast and she promised to introduce him to people while Steve played. He supposed that bringing his boyfriend to a wedding in his hometown was basically coming out. He hadn't really thought of it that way until now, but as he overheard Peggy introduce Tony as "Steve's Boyfriend... Yeah, Steve Rogers! He's right over there," it really drove home the fact that this was really happening.
Tony disappeared for a moment to grab a wet rag and cleaned off Steve tenderly, not wanting him to wake up sticky. "Does your jaw hurt?" Tony asked.
He was hard pretty instantly, since he'd been almost half hard while just standing and drinking water, and he could feel Tony's cock starting to swell up against the tight zipper of his trousers and press against him. He was taller than Tony, but just a little so their bodies fit together well and it wasn't awkward.
So Steve pulled out of the kiss and sunk to his knees in front of Tony. Steve fumbled with his belt buckle and then the confusing buttons on Tony's expensive slacks. When he finally got them down and was faced with Tony's cock he felt no hesitation in enveloping it with his mouth.
Steve momentarily thought that he was going to throw up, but then got himself under control. "My parents are here." He whispered it.
would help me buy the tickets. I'm sure Thanos would be delighted to meet my partner, as you and father were."
"It's Rogers." Steve said, pointing to the note, Tony just hummed and then scribbled it in with a pen, not that his handwriting was really legible in the first place.
He was quiet while doing it, and had to grab a tissue off Tony's desk at one point to make sure that precum wouldn't settle on his jeans. He felt like he'd been stroking himself forever when Tony suddenly stood up and slung his satchel over his shoulder. "It's five, time to go." He commanded and Steve froze in his seat. He wasn't even
"Come on, don't argue too much or I might rethink my decision." Tony warned and Steve shut his mouth even as his mind raced. He couldn't just accept multi-thousand dollar surgery from a doctor he'd never met before.
"I'll... I'll call the clinic and walk over to get the note, but I'm really not feeling up to drinking, sorry Buck." He explained and though Bucky looked very disheartened, he nodded and would give Steve his space.
Steve didn't catch sight of Bucky or Clint again as he was traipsed out of the event hall. A few people tried to stop Tony to talk with him, but he made up different excuses for each person, who then eyed Steve with a flawed knowing look. When they were finally outside Steve was able to take a deep breath in the dimming light.
"No! That's not all." He rushed out, having no plan for how he would explain what he wanted to Tony.
And then Steve was pushing Tony off of him, glad that the knife was safely on the beside table (not that he was really thinking about that right now), and making his way to the bathroom. He immediately collapsed in front of the toilet and vomited and a stream of blood ran onto the tiles.
"I'm at a guys house, sorry." He admitted and slowly got out of the bed. He found his clothes from yesterday folded on the end of the bed. There was a folded piece of paper on top with his name written in scratchy handwriting.
Steve finally made a move, pulling Tony's mouth down on his. Tony put his hand back on Steve's cheek and this time dug his nails in
"My roommate should be home." He said and Tony suddenly felt incredibly uncomfortable. How must this look? What would Steve's roommate think of them? But there was no other option so Tony raised his hand and knocked at the door.
Steve's ass was already so red, and Tony's was worried he was going to horribly bruise him if he hit him again in the same spot.
"Oh my god, you severed your tendon. You're never going to play again." Bucky lamented and Steve felt like he was going to throw up.
"Oh my god, you're going to die." Clint muttered and Natasha looked up at him with furrowed brows, unfamiliar with how dramatic the musical community could be.
"I want you to be hard all through dinner actually. The jacket is long enough to hide it." Tony seemed so nonchalant about the whole thing, even as Steve's grip on himself started to slow down.
"You like that? You want me to bite you harder?" Tony goaded, looking up at Steve from under his lashes. Steve had a kind of unexpected response though, he covered his face with his hand and didn't respond at all. Tony stared at him for a second longer, but the question had been mostly rhetorical so he went ahead and bit that same spot again. This time he bit and sucked hard enough to leave a bruise, all while Steve furiously fucked up into Tony's hand but kept his face covered.
his mind immediately told him, but the anxiety he'd felt for the rest of the night, the throwing up that had happened when he remembered Tony's exact words, told him that maybe they weren't lies. Steve couldn't consider that though, he became immediately sick at the thought of being deviant, of being
Plus Steve probably wouldn't be the best teacher for the next month, he just needed some extra money.
His eyes went half-lidded as he vaguely felt himself orgasm. His abs tensed as he did so and more blood flowed from the lower cut, it was getting on Tony's bedspread. Steve though with a far away mind that they would have to change the sheets after this.
Tony raised his eyebrows but nodded. "Getting right into it then." He remarked with what Steve could only describe as a lecherous smirk. Steve turned red and didn't know what to say. "That's fine, why don't you take a seat on the sofa. I need to at least
Tony looked like he wasn't going to speak for a moment, and then gathered his thoughts. "I was thinking of what we were going to do next time. I have an idea but it might be... Kind of extreme." He admitted and Steve felt his stomach turn at the words, but he forced himself to nod. "I just need your word before then, or the night of, it's important. You'll text me when we can see each other again?"
"I'll get you some water." Tony said anyway and then Steve followed him along to the kitchen where Tony already had himself a tumbler of something, and he grabbed a cup for Steve. On the kitchen island was a very official looking Doctor's note that had everything filled out except for Steve's last name, which he realized Tony had never gotten.
He thought to himself, it was a bit weird to do that after they'd already had sex, but here they were, having a nice dinner together nonetheless.
"Oh no! I figured that was the case. See I was going through the list of everyone who RSVP'd and I didn't see your name! It's really short notice now." She sounded very disheartened and Steve had no idea what she was talking about.
Sometime while he studied himself Tony had come back into the room, holding a ziploc bag of ice and a bottle of ibuprofen. Steve made eye contact with him in the mirror and turned his head back to look at Tony.
"Nat mentioned something about a medical emergency." He questioned, raising one well-manicured eyebrow at the three of them. Steve held out his wrapped hand for Tony to take hold of. He felt kind of awkward standing around a bunch of fancy people, but no one was really paying any attention to them. They were in their own little bubble, just like all the other groups of conversation around them. Tony made a humming noise as he loosely began to unwrap Steve's bandage.
"Wait! Is that blood on his shirt? Steve what's going on?" The roommate asked, looking very unhappy with the events unfolding.
Steve let out a moan and his cock jumped, a usual response to this sort of action. Tony hitting him always made him more hard.
Steve must have had an especially unsettling thought because he sucked in a very wet breath and then squeezed his mouth shut so as not to whimper.
"Of course, Tony told me to expect you. You can head straight back to his office. Do you know where it is?" She asked and Steve nodded, giving her one last awkward smile and a '
The drive to Peggy's house was a relatively brief one. Her parents owned a small farm just outside of town, it was beautiful, had both livestock crops and an apple orchard. Steve had spent a lot of time there growing up, since his parents had approved of Peggy and were friends with her parents. Of course he couldn't spend
"I'm gonna transfer you over to Dr. Stark right now." She said and then with little to no stimulation Steve was cumming all over his hand. He had to pull the phone away from himself so that his groan wouldn't register in the microphone.
With Tony's eyes on him the experience was sped up nicely, and fairly soon Steve was cumming over his hand and the strategically placed kleenex on his leg. As soon as he had finally orgasmed he felt a lot lighter and less stressed that Tony would just make him go anyway.
"I think I wanted to originally, and then it just became a thing of my parents wanting to show off my skills, so I wasn't just playing because I loved the instrument. And in the end, it was basically my only real skill so I had no choice but to at least try and pursue music." He answered with a shrug and then took an awkward sip of his water.
"Steve slow down! Just sit down for a second. I'm sorry for bringing it up, that was shitty of me." Tony admitted as he came out of his office, but he retained his distance from Steve. Tony couldn't really tell why he was being so calm and soothing with Steve. If any of his other sexual partners had gotten up and turned tail before he'd gotten off he would have been pissed but Steve just seemed so conflicted, upset with himself even.
"Uh, alright. We can definitely do that." Tony responded, obviously taken aback, but not complaining.
Steve hadn't been in Tony's bedroom since the time he'd gone into sub-space, but he simply looked on that memory of being with Tony fondly, and felt no anxiety. He mused to himself that perhaps tonight was just a fluke, and tomorrow he would go back to being scared and shy, for now though, he would enjoy their time.
A wrapper crinkled and Steve realized that Tony was putting a condom on, then more lube on his cock. This position made him feel like a whore, but it was what Tony had told him to do so we wouldn't argue, and he did like the feeling of having his ass in the air, letting Tony do whatever he wanted.
Steve nodded again and then fiddled with the collar of the jacket as they walked, feeling like everyone on the sidewalk could see right through him.
"I'm fine Buck." Steve finally spoke and sounded incredibly lucid, making Tony breathe out a sigh of relief. "I'm going to bed."
He brought the knife back up, resolute in his ambitions. He only had the knife because a previous partner had wanted to attempt this, but they'd never gotten around to it, they'd never trusted Tony enough to actually go through with it.
Tony unbuttoned Steve's shirt, slowly making his way down and leaving bite marks all the way down. When he got to the soft flesh on Steve's sides, Tony gave a slightly harder bite and Steve let out an ungodly moan. Tony perked up at the sound of that and had to momentarily stop his ministrations so he could take his own throbbing erection out. He was shimmied far down on Steve's body so he had to rut his cock against Steve's thigh, probably smearing his nice slacks with precum.
are first chair cellist of the BIP, no auditions, you just get the part. We steal Peter, symphonies always need one prodigy. We coerce Thor into joining, no violinist after fifth chair is actually human, so Thor is our best bet. Clint is not invited. I make a power-move, career-making switch from Cello to bass. We become famous and make millions of dollars." Bucky continued by making fake cheering noises and throwing invisible roses onto an invisible stage.
"First, I'm not going to ask you if you need to safeword, you just need to be able to tell me. Second, if I tap your shoulder twice, like this," Tony tapped right on the edge of his shoulder very forcefully, nothing that Steve could miss. "I need you to verbally tell me what's going on in the scene. Don't worry, you can remove yourself from it, you don't need to say '
He buckled his cello back into his case and folded up his stand. He was about to pick it up when Tony caught his left hand in his own. "Hey, your knuckle is red. I told you to stop playing when it got uncomfortable." Tony chided and ran his thumb over the knuckle a few time, straightening out Steve's finger and being in general 'doctor' mode.
"First of all, not a one night stand. Second, I should really get going if I'm going to make it to the hall before rehearsal starts." Steve said and Bucky gave a quick goodbye and then Steve was hanging up the phone.
He floundered for a moment, not really sure how he was supposed to answer, and then he stammered and stumbled through his response. "Please Tony, I--I can't keep doing what I was doing... I need you to be,
"Stay with me." Steve urged and Tony didn't think he could say no if he wanted to, he was utterly exhausted and pretty sure he'd left his door unlocked.
Steve finally stood up, but pressed himself against Tony, his hand on the kitchen island on either side of the man, blocking him in. "My whole life I've been worried about my parents finding out I'm gay. Well, now they know and the world didn't end.
"Hello?" He answered the phone as he rubbed his eyes, it was still far too early and the events of last night were flooding back into his head. It was slightly overwhelming but he tried to keep his composure.
"Listen up Rogers, I can see it now," Bucky put his arm around Steve's shoulder and held his other hand out in front of them as if displaying their future. "You and me leave the NY, we start our
He tried to school his features because obviously she had no idea what he'd gotten up to while on the phone with her the other day, but Steve felt enormous guilt.
"Because, I didn't know how far I could push it. You'd already basically said no once, and then I asked you again. I like that," he started and Steve's eyes darted around nervously. "Continue to pressure you after you say 'no', so how about another word for when you mean that we absolutely need to stop?" Tony offered and Steve nodded. That made sense, that was something he could deal with. "Think about it, okay?"
He braced his hands on Tony's hips and pushed down as far as he could, taking as much of Tony as possible. He gagged, but loved the feeling. Tony kept his hands politely on the sides of the island, letting Steve lead it-- but Steve didn't want to lead anymore.
"It's okay Steve, we can just spend the night here. I can make you some hot chocolate? Some sugar would be good for you." Tony hadn't dealt with a sub-drop in a very long time and he felt just as shaky as Steve was.
"Why? I liked it." Steve said, rather petulantly as Tony ran his index finger in circles over Steve's tight stomach.
work. So many different people all around him that he didn't recognized, until he did recognize someone. Just a flash of black hair and pale skin from ahead of him, and there was Loki, standing still in the middle of a crowded sidewalk with his boyfriend, trying to get an Uber or something.
"Sorry, I just assumed." Tony said and then suddenly the air around them was weirdly awkward. Tony looked like he didn't know what to say and Steve
Steve nodded and Tony got off of the bed. He grabbed a box from underneath it before walking out of the bedroom, leaving Steve with his thoughts.
Tony pulled Steve's hand over the sink and then actually undid the bandage, making sure to gently set it on the edge of the sink so they could wrap it back up when they were done. A squirt of blood rushed from the cut as his heart beat and Steve felt his mouth dry slightly at the sight. Blood was... A problem for him. It made his heart race and sometimes he even passed out.
just maybe in his late thirties or early forties. He immediately smiled at Steve, and Steve felt himself melt just a little.
Tony answered the door still dressed in his smart and handsome work clothes. His slacks fit tightly against his thighs, and the top few buttons of his shirt were undone, Steve wasn't sure if he preferred this or the suit more.
Tony inserted his third finger, and quickly after that got his pinkie in there, setting a brutal pace with his fingers. He hit Steve one more time at the same time he pulled his fingers out and Steve bucked back onto nothing, audibly crying out at the sudden complete loss of stimulation. Steve brought his own hand down to fist as his cock but Tony pushed his arm away. "Don't touch yourself. You'll come when I want you to." Tony couldn't get the image out of his mind of Steve cumming basically from his words alone the other night, the image sent a shiver through him.
"Are you hungry? I can order food?" Tony suggested finally and took a seat on the bed next to Steve.
Steve held his braced hand up for Loki to see. "I'm going in to tell Phil about it tomorrow." Steve admitted, seeing no reason not to tell Loki, and maybe also to make him feel bad.
When Steve set his phone down Bucky was raising an eyebrow at him. "Doctor, Doctor, give me the news, I've got a bad case of loving you." Bucky sang, purposefully off key and absolutely awful.
"Do you want me to swing by after I'm finished? I could walk you home, or you could come over to mine?"
Tony climbed into bed after they were both clean, wrapping his arms around Steve's broad chest. Steve brought a hand up and tucked Tony's head over his chin, carding softly through his hair.
That made sense, Steve had to admit. The questions made him uncomfortable but they did serve a purpose. But Steve absolutely could not have sex with Tony again and have the man say those things... But he didn't really know if he wanted to have to never have sex with Tony again. "I'll tell you no. If you start to do something I don't like then I'll just tell you no. Please Tony, I need to try this, can we just give it a go?"
So Steve was scared to go to Tony's place tonight, absolutely shivering with worry. He tried to reason with himself that Thanos was probably still in bumfuck Indiana, not even thinking about Steve anymore. And Steve was in the most highly populated city in America, going out to do something with a guy that Thanos would never find out about.
' usually Loki wouldn't refer to the section as a team, usually he would just make it 'me vs them'. "We'll have to reschedule. Let's do three months from now." He offered and Steve widened his eyes.
"Oh! Yeah you wouldn't would ya? It's my wedding! Invitations went out months ago but I must have had the wrong address for you."
Steve's eyes started to flutter again and Tony could tell that the man was close to finishing, so he drew his free hand back and tightened the grip on his neck almost dangerously as he sunk in deep and slapped hard one more time on Steve's still tender hip.
Steve had to leave Tony's windbreaker on, which was slightly better now that the evening was kind of crisp. He'd been sweating like mad when he'd shown up at rehearsal to drop off the note and he probably looked like a mess. Taking a shower later in the day he had noticed he also had a large handprint bruise on his hip, so he made sure to tuck his shirt in so there was no chance a simple stretch would reveal that.
Tony brushed a piece of hair out of Steve's face and took a moment to give him a small, genuine smile before giving him a peck on the cheek.
"Perfect time of day really. You still have two hours to call the clinic and get your doctors note from Tony, we can stop by and pick it up on our way to the bar, and then it'll be like four-thirty and that's a great time for drinking." Bucky explained, learning over the kitchen island to level with Steve.
' Steve came, harder than he ever had before. Spilling all over himself and Tony even as his stomach filled with dread and embarrassment.
He heard the sounds of Bucky coming up the narrow stairs towards their apartment and fiddled with the collar of his shirt uncomfortably, making sure that it was pulled up enough to cover everything, feeling a flush cover his cheeks as Bucky shouldered his way into the apartment with his cello on his back.
"Perfect, you were meant for my cock." Tony groaned as he bottomed out and Steve shivered at the feeling of being completely full.
Tony's hand reached around to grab at Steve's cock, expecting it to be less hard after repeated pain with no pleasure. Steve's cock was, however, still standing at full attention, painfully hard and leaking out of the tip. Steve's ass was bright red, he'd long since stopped squirming with every new shock of pain, instead just let his body be pushed by it.
The man was laying on his side on the bed, mindlessly scrolling through his phone, but his body looked tense. Tony cursed himself for leaving Steve for so long. He'd been so loose and fluid after their earlier play, now Tony would have to start all over again.
Steve reckoned that he would die or be completely excommunicated from the family. As it stood his mom still called him about once a week and sent him gifts on his birthday, and Steve went back home for Christmas.
He grabbed Steve's thighs and worked himself inbetween them, having to drag Steve's sore back against the blankets for a moment as he set Steve's thighs on his hips and guided his cock into him. Steve's eyes rolled back and he licked his lips as Tony eased in. He set a gentle rhythm that Steve was able to lay back and enjoy.
Tony faltered as Steve said something unexpected. He had been just about to hit him again and so thought that maybe he had just misheard. Tony tapped him again.
"Third chair in the New York philharmonic." Steve responded easily and Tony raised both of his eyebrows, nodding.
"We're gonna have to walk, you good for that blue eyes?" Tony asked, easing up his grip on Steve's forearm. Steve reeled at the nick name for a moment before realizing that he'd never told Tony his name.
Steve started to come up with some sort of bullshit excuse when Tony put a reaffirming hand on Steve's lower back and interrupted him. "If I may, Steve. Pleasure to meet the both of you, I'm Anthony Stark, M.D. I'm actually a neurosurgeon in New York and I have surgery tomorrow morning. Our flight's leaving in just a few hours, so we really do have to go."
"Tony?" Steve questioned, taking a small break from looking at his hand in horror. He had no skills other than the cello, he couldn't get a minimum wage job, he would die. His parents would never accept him back into their house, not that he would ever want to go back there, and he would probably die on the streets, sad and alone with a ten thousand dollar cello.
"Why don't we just set up on the couch and watch some TV?" He suggested and Tony nodded. He was drained right now, Steve could tell. He wondered if maybe Tony was feeling the same kind of drop that Steve had last night, his had just been put off since he'd had to take care of Steve. "I'm gonna put some pajamas on. Why don't you put those sweats on?" He motioned to the ones he'd shed on the floor, they were Tony's anyway.
Steve returned the hug and pressed Tony's cheek against his shoulder, tucking his head under his chin. "No, not at all Tony. You only did what I asked." He assured.
he thought to himself as a blush crept to his face. Steve resigned himself not to do anything about it for a moment, but as the minutes that he was one hold ticked by Steve realized that he was going to have to do something about it or he would be very uncomfortable.
"Beg." Tony gave a simple command and Steve froze up a bit, his cock jumping slightly with interest.
"Can I be connected with Dr. Stark?" Steve asked finally, his voice coming out minuscule and slightly somber, thankfully he didn't stutter over any of his words, that would have been embarrassing.
could possibly be wrong. The drop last night had been awful, but Steve couldn't remember that anywhere near as well as the complete euphoria from before, and even when he was feeling down Tony had taken such gentle care of him that he couldn't really say it had been all bad.
dirty talk, I'm also asking your consent. Like when I said 'you want me to bite you harder?' it was also a real question that you could have said no to. You're giving me a lot of power I don't know if I can handle if I'm just supposed to literally have my way with you."
One of Tony's hands gripped harshly at Steve's hip, and the other dug it's nails into the same place that still harbored a bruise as Tony sucked at Steve's nipple. Steve had never had someone show so much attention to his nipples, and it made him try and push his cock harder against Tony's shirt, to get that little bit more friction. Tony suddenly switched from just softly licking and kissing at Steve to instead biting his nipple, and it wasn't just a nick of the teeth, it was
you have to sit next to Loki. Right now however, we could take twenty nickel shots for a dollar and then go to a fancy soiree absolutely plastered."
Tony wiped Steve's chest down with an anti-septic wipe, thoroughly cleaning it. He then grabbed the lube from the table and went through his typical routine of stretching Steve's ass. He was more sensitive today though and everytime his hips shifted he sucked in a breath. By the time Tony had him fully worked up Steve's cock was leaking precum again.
"God Steve I'm so sorry. I hit you too hard." Tony said and set the items down on his desk before coming to very gently circle his arms around Steve's waist, careful not to hurt anything.
Peggy's wedding would hopefully be fun. He and Tony had spent a lot of time together, but they hadn't had another scene, everything they'd done had been very tender, Steve still needed time to recover, to think on things a little bit.
Steve followed Tony into his apartment, watching the man set his cello down gently and then looking over at him with a small grin. Steve latched his arms around Tony's neck shortly afterwards and pushed the man against his kitchen island.
"I didn't." Steve realized that he should probably just fess up to Bucky about who he'd actually been with, it wouldn't hurt anything, in fact it would probably be weirder if he tried to keep Tony a secret from his best friend. "You know that doctor who fixed my hand the other day? It's his house."
"Margaret has always been fond of you. Why aren't you staying at your home?" She asked and Steve wanted to scoff at the word choice. That place had never been his
Tony took a moment to pull off his own clothes before joining Steve on the bed once more. He lay Steve on his back and Steve winced as his tender skin touched the blankets, but he didn't say anything. Tony tapped Steve's shoulder twice.
"Don't worry about it, I still have some things to consider." Tony said as his goodbye, leaned in to give Steve a brief kiss, and then waved farewell and took off down the street, leaving Steve to wonder just what Tony could be planning.
The rest of the night was spent in mostly absent minded conversation, it was kind of awkward as any first date would be, maybe more so because they'd already had sex with each other. Steve hadn't been on an honest to god date in a long time, the whole idea was foreign to him after so many years. People usually got bored of how quiet he was, but Tony talked right through all the silences, and before long the waitress was bringing the check and Tony was paying without even asking.
Steve felt apprehension building, more so than with anything else they'd done. He was used to being spanked, choked, even cut now, but something about Tony's tone made this seem like it was going to be more, a lot more.
"Alright, but I'm carrying the cello." Tony said and then pulled Steve's hand up to press a soft kiss to his knuckle. It caused Steve to blush momentarily but he pulled his hand immediately out of Tony's grip when he heard a familiar clack of heels on the ground. He'd know that gait anywhere.
He was thankful for Tony's offer to borrow clothes because he realized that his pants had a slightly crunchy spot on the front from where he'd gotten a bit of precum on them. So he went to Tony's closet and pulled out a pair of sweatpants and a tee shirt. Tony and him were roughly the same size, so he didn't look ridiculous.
Steve felt weird being confronted with this fact. Of course he remembered last night, but he didn't really remember the finer details. "Oh, sorry to scare you. I'm fine though, we just had a bit of an accident."
Steve sucked in another breath and almost choked as he saw it. Tony ripped the bandage from earlier off of him. The mark was barely visible, it wouldn't scar. Tony slowed his thrusting so that he wouldn't royally fuck up and carved a gentle line down Steve's sternum, it wasn't any deeper than the first cut. Steve watched, mesmerized as blood very slowly seeped out.
"Can I speak?" Steve asked, sounding oddly assertive. Tony felt a weird role-reversal going on. He felt timid and meek, and Steve was coming into his own.
He felt his phone buzzing in his pocket and awkwardly juggled his cello as he tried to fish it out. The name read:
Tony was surprised by Steve's words but figured that maybe the man could feel some of Tony's own anxiety and was trying to help him. Tony appreciated it, but it also left him searching for the correct words to use. Everything he said around Steve made him feel like he was walking on needles, with a gun pointed at him, and the needles were a trapeze that he could fall off of to his death. It wasn't a comfortable situation, but he would deal with it. "I've done most things. I didn't used to think it was my thing, but then I met this guy... Things didn't work out with him but I knew that I was interested at least. I got heavy into it, went to clubs and such. I just didn't have as much time when I started working at the private practice though. I haven't been able to find anyone else, accept for you." Tony didn't tell him everything, but Steve probably didn't want to hear everything.
Back in the little corner where he'd been playing all night, Steve felt a little bit of tension leave his shoulders. He parents hadn't tried to seek him out since the music stopped, maybe they wouldn't try to talk to him. Hopefully they wouldn't.
"Shut up." Steve told him with a small glare. "Also, I don't know if I'll be home tonight." Steve said, a smug smile on his face. He felt fine joking about this stuff with Bucky, mainly because Bucky had always been so open with him. He was pretty sure he'd heard about all of Bucky's hookups in graphic detail, and things got more awkward when he brought his partners home because their apartment did not have very soundproof walls.
It was almost two weeks later when Steve inquired about the 'extreme' thing Tony had mentioned. They'd met up several more times and had sex similar to the first time, but Tony hadn't brought up anything new. Steve had finally stuttered out a question about what Tony had meant, and the man seemed to perk up at the fact that Steve was being proactive. Tony hadn't even pressed him for a safe word again, but Steve could tell Tony was slightly uncomfortable with that fact.
He watched as Steve's chest puffed out, breath swelling inside of him. Tony stepped off the bed and rolled the paddle in his hands a few times, reaffirming his grip on it. Steve looked over at him with so much love and trust in his eyes that Tony almost melted. But the love and trust came from
Tony nodded at his answer. "I can kind of relate to that." Tony responded and Steve's eyes perked up a little.
The struggle down the stairs and out onto the street was ridiculous and Tony was glad that at least in New York no one would give them a second glance as they stumbled towards the waiting cab. Steve gave his address in a glassy voice, like a beginner violin trying to play in fifth position.
Finally they found themselves in a little Chinese restaurant, tucked back away from the bustling atmosphere in a little corner booth where they had to sit knee to knee with one another and crammed up against each other's shoulders.
as they called it was actually just a ridiculously expensive, ridiculously tiny, soundproof apartment that they'd found uptown near a bunch of bourgeoisie private medical practices. He, Thor, Clint, and Bucky had all gone in on it as it had three different soundproofs rooms. It had cost them upwards of a million dollars, but they weren't going to find anywhere better. They let Peter use it for free, just because he was a nice kid who didn't make the money they did as he couldn't make it to most practices because he was still in fucking high school. Steve supposed he couldn't really complain about young talent usurping the old money as he and Bucky were both younger and there were plenty of older, more experienced musicians who sat behind him- but the phil was literally just an after school activity for Peter who didn't even ask to be paid for his time and was so mind-blowingly good that he was immediately promoted to first chair, much to the great upset of the previous first chair who was sixty and only recently gotten the promotion.
The ride to Steve's apartment was spent with Tony petting Steve's hair and telling him how good he was while Steve said nothing at all and tears continued to track down his cheeks. "Can you please tell me what's wrong Steve?" Tony begged but Steve didn't say anything.
-it's obvious that steve's family is some sort of religious, please note i will never specify what sect etc, and i don't mean to specifically bash any religions
"Oh fuck, dude you gotta go to the emergency room right now." Bucky warned, letting go of Steve's hand and leading him further into the room so as not to draw too much attention to themselves, since they'd just been standing by the doors and looking like they were conspiring.
While looking through the cabinets Bucky made his way out of his room. He looked incredibly uncomfortable around Steve's for a moment, searching for the right words to say. Steve just offered him an unassuming smile.
Steve let himself be pushed back onto the bed by Tony and glanced over to see a plastic ring and a ball gag on the bed. Steve raised and eyebrow but Tony just smirked and reached for the lube in his bedside drawer.
When Tony's hand left his cock Steve immediately replaced it with his own, giving a few stroked before Tony's voice stopped him. "Don't touch yourself unless I say so. And for that matter, don't touch me unless I say so." Tony warned and Steve's hand froze and then went to join his other one in stabilizing his body.
Sarah and Joseph Rogers were making their intimidating way towards them. Tony picked up the cello incredibly fast and Steve almost thought that maybe they could just make a break for it, but there was no way.
"Jokes on you Roger's, I like my girls with a musk." Bucky joked with a comically loud sniff, then turned to cross the street.
"God you're a fucking slut." Tony mumbled, more to himself than to Steve. "I'm surprised you were able to go so many days without a hard fuck." Tony said, pressing down harder on Steve's neck as he spoke. Steve whined.
"Hey, you still at the clinic?" Steve asked, not bothering to keep his voice down as there was no way Bucky could hear him.
"A month, month and a half maybe." He said and put his hand back in his pocket. Steve had, stupidly, tried to play yesterday without his third finger, but his other fingers put strain on the still healing tendon, so it was basically impossible.
They'd arrived at the studio and Bucky didn't seem like he knew what to say, so they just let themselves into their respective sound proof rooms and got to practicing. He wasn't able to focus for very long though and soon found himself just scrolling mindlessly though his phone instead of actually practicing.
"I thought you were dead," Tony admits weakly, not quite able to meet Steve's eyes. "When we couldn't reach you on the comms. I thought you were dead, that I'd lost Casey
His reprieve was short lived. He turned a corner and there, at the end of the hall, stood Natasha. She, of course, spotted him immediately, and quirked an eyebrow at him. The tiniest, most innocuous gesture, but Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit that he squeaked before diving through the nearest door, slamming it shut and throwing himself against it. As if that would keep her out, if she were determined to find him.
"And you're someone who just walked through a portal. Just after I met a bunch of aliens following Thor around like puppies," Tony said.
because Tony comes in every. Single. Day. For coffee, sure, Steve makes a damn good brew. But also to
Everyone is back at the tower now, but nothing feels right. HYDRA might not have had enough time to imprint conditioning on Steve the way they had with Bucky, but as far as Steve is concerned, he doesn’t have a life before the lab. He was created as a blank slate, to follow orders. And now—
to them about weapons, we're talking to them about transport helicopters and communications units, and you
"I expect nothing less," Tony grins, turning back toward their destination. "Now, let's go get us some coffee."
He doesn't sleep. Steve doesn't know how long it's been since he last slept, but he can usually get through a couple of days on fumes when he really has to. Bucky sends him a text message a few hours into his vigil, to let him know Natasha's leg isn't broken and Clint is awake, already looking to carry the injured Wakandan warriors back to their homes, two broken arms or not.
"– not himself," she confirms. "He's... broody. Withdrawn. He's spending even more time with Casey than normal, and I'm pretty sure he's not sleeping as much as he should be. Or at all."
Tony spends half the day hacking into the city zoning office servers to get ahold of blueprints, permits, anything he can get his hands on to try and find some cut construction corners or regulations that would keep Brewed Awakening from opening their new location. There's nothing – everything is on the up and up, so far. All the permits have been filed correctly, the location is correctly zoned for food and drink establishment, the bastards had even sent out that memo to all their neighbours on the block.
and –" Steve cuts himself off before he can get overwhelmed again. His emotional state has improved since earlier in the week, but he's still feeling a little fragile around the edges, and he's still not sleeping too well.
"He's unconscious," Shuri informs them. "And before you freak out, that's a good thing. Look." She points to the second screen which is showing a scan of Vision's brain, and his neural activity in real time.
In the end, the Guardians agreed to go after the Soul stone. Gamora and Quill shared another look as they were agreeing to it, and Tony suspected there was something they weren't sharing. Of course, the white-faced anger mixed with terror on Quill's face had Tony thinking maybe it was best he didn't know what it was.
"And you're doing it well, Tony," Steve says softly. "Casey is an amazing boy. He's kind, he's smart, you're an amazing parent."
“You look like you need another drink, handsome,” she coos, nodding to his empty glass. Steve leans back in his chair and does his best to return the smile, playing up the shy charm. Natasha had coached him, telling him to go with the flow of whatever happened, and to play up that aspect of his personality. Steve had stared at her incredulously at that. She’d pointed out that it would play better than the parts of personality that were stubborn, abrasive, and sought to punch his way out. On that, he had to concede that maybe, she had a point.
. Steve hauls the boy into his arms, holding him tight and reveling in the feel of Casey in his arms.
She scoffs prettily. "I've been safe in LA and New York. Tony called me before you all went to the, um, the other reality. Of course, I was in a meeting so he left me a voicemail, the bastard. Rhodey called me after you came back. To let me know what was happening, that it was about to get bad. I've been worried sick."
"Will be fine," Steve amends. "Just my knee. Must have jarred it in the crash. It's an old injury. Thought it had healed."
Steve's shoulders slump a little more. Suspicion con-fucking-firmed. God, these two are morons. The pair of them.
An hour later, Steve is still awake staring at the ceiling. Tony hasn't moved in that hour, but his breathing hasn't made its way to that deep, sleepy sound either, so Steve suspects he's still awake, too.
"Shit, we have to run," Tony says quickly glancing at the time. Steve will have to talk to Tony about Natasha another time then – maybe after he figures out what's set Bucky off. "Thanks, as always, Steve. See you soon." He waves, and heads for the door at a quick clip.
“Uh huh. Tell that to that TMZ site.” Steve feels the corner of his mouth twitch into a smile as Stark squawks in protest again.
Steve shows up, right on time looking tired from the day, but beautiful and content. He smiles, and stoops to kiss Tony in greeting, and takes his seat across the table before reaching over to take Tony's hand. Honestly, Tony would be perfectly content just to stare at him all night, drinking in the sight of the love of his life.
An hour passes without incident and Steve begins to think that the intel they have might be false — or at least that nothing’s going to go down tonight and he’ll have to come back another time — when the woman who’s been bringing him drinks all night comes back again, sly smile on her face. At this point, the volume of the music and the din of voices have risen to the point where conversation is nearly impossible. She sidles up into his space, resting her hands on his shoulders and running them down his arms. She raises an eyebrow and nods over her shoulder towards the private rooms, and takes his hands, pulling him to his feet. Steve swallows hard, but doesn’t resist. Natasha had told him to go with whatever happened, and this woman looks and acts like she knows her way around this place. With any lucky, she might have information, maybe heard something, rumours or gossip.  Anything that could help him.
“The best pancakes in the city. Bar none. And they always taste better in the middle of the night. I don’t care if it doesn’t make sense, that’s just how it is. A mystery of the night.”
"We'll find him," Steve says, with more conviction than he should. He knows the chances of finding Casey aren't great. He knows this is all a shot in the dark.
No matter where he hid in the mansion, they would find him. He lived with a team of sneaky stabby types — a mistake, he was beginning to realise (good job, past Tony, opening your home to these people) — and
"Don't worry about it," Bucky says, handing Steve's phone back to him even as he flicks through the contacts on his own phone and brings it up to his ear. "Nat'll text us."
But, at least after the success at his breakfast meeting, he’s got more than enough work to keep him busy — work that he’s actually excited to be throwing himself into. This energy partnership is going to be fantastic, and the German rep had had some really solid ideas that had sparked all kinds of new plans in Tony’s head about improving the prototype for the next iteration.
By the end of the third day, the new location is a raging success. Most of his first customers are parents who come in after dropping their kids off at the school. All of them are
"Oh, that'll be fun," Steve says, getting right into it and melting Tony's heart just a little bit more.
Tony's upset. That's not right. "Hey, it's okay, Tony, we're both okay," Steve tells him. They sit like that for a moment, holding each other while their brains try and orient themselves to what's happened. The car landed upright, but it's smashed to hell and in a ditch. There's no way they're getting it out without a truck.
"Well," Steve said thoughtfully. "Would it help to know that the three guys running this place are all former combat veterans?"
Tony doesn't look back as Strange quietly steps out of the room. There is a battle on the horizon, and Tony really should be doing something to help prepare for it, but he can't. When Vision wakes up, Tony wants there to be someone he recognises at his side. Vision isn't Casey, he knows that, and Vision isn't JARVIS either – not really. But he's elements of them both, as well as being something uniquely himself. Tony can give himself a few minutes down here to watch over Vision, his friend. He can watch, and wait, and quietly grieve for the little boy he never was.
"Because, we're all coffee addicts. Coffee on tour is shit. Like, honestly. Base coffee is terrible. So when we got back, I started making the good shit again, because we deserve nice things. And as you know, I make a pretty good cup of coffee. It kind of just snowballed from there."
Steve feels his stomach drop, feels a coolness across the back of his neck. Tony had been in surgery. He'd nearly died, his brain had – and Steve hadn't known. He hadn't had any idea. He'd been down in the battlefield collecting the wounded, down in the triage tent to tend to his friends, and Tony had been up here. Alone and nearly dying.
develop feelings for someone else. Yet, here he is, thinking about how beautiful Steve's smile is, and wondering how his lips would taste.
"I need to get him to the palace, to the medical wing," Strange answers him anyway, then closes the portal he came through, opening another immediately. Steve can see the bustling medical wing as the Wakandan doctors and all the other volunteers get ready for the onslaught of medical emergencies.
Or it was, until he stepped outside several hours later and saw the sky fully overcast and the wind picking up. "Storm's blowing in from the lakes," Vanessa, their new maple syrup distributor warns him. "If you plan on making it back to the city tonight, you better leave now or you're not going to make it."
. I told him I'd be home to tuck him in. I promised him." The pitch in Tony's voice is rising, his eyes widening as panic and hysteria threaten to overtake his reason. As long as Steve has known Tony, Casey is the only thing that makes him respond like that. Just the thought of his son not being okay sends him into an overprotective panic.
Steve nods, even though Tony's not looking at him. "Yeah, we were kind of our own thing, a specialized team. We fell outside the normal make up of squads and platoons. But they are one hell of a group of men and women, and it somehow fell to me to be their Captain. Everyone was cross trained in a few different skills, but everyone had their own specializations. Clint and Bucky were the sniper team. They'll both try and tell you they're a better shot than the other, but it's all lies. I've never seen two more evenly match marksmen. They're both equally good at shooting, and spotting, which isn't common. They used to flip coins before we went out to decide who was doing what."
being a dick, but he can’t bring himself to care. He’s just so tired, and sick of everyone making decisions about his life, tip toeing around him like he’s going to break, or like they’re scared to offend his delicate sensibilities. If SHIELD takes, him, or Stark Industries takes him, what does it matter? Either way, he doesn’t really get a choice, does he?
Shuri is off on the other side of the lab working on what looks like some advanced weaponry, no doubt her version of equipment checks before all hell breaks loose. Somewhere else in the palace compound, Steve is probably doing the same thing – setting up a perimeter, working on a battle plan, doing all that stupid Steve stuff where he jumps into action and shows just how stupidly great he is. Like he'd jumped into action without hesitation when Casey was taken.
“I’d like to talk to him,” he announces, authority slipping into his voice. Both Stark and Coulson stare at him. Coulson raises an eyebrow and the corner of his mouth twitches into something that might have the potential of being a smile. Again, Steve can’t help feel like he’s being played.
"Is Casey a light sleeper?" Steve asks, breaking his lips away from the sensitive flesh of Tony's neck, just behind his ear.
. And it’s terrifying, but it’s also freeing. For almost two weeks he’s felt like he’s been in a holding pattern, waiting for something to happen. Then from above he hears a dull thump, like the neighbour had dropped something heavy, and he smiles. The noise of regular, everyday mundane life helps, and the momentary panic passes.
Before Tony can reply, he hears a strangled yelp, and snaps around in time to see some douchey looking guy fumbling with a smoke – no, an e-cig of all things – as he jumps back from a slimeball on a trajectory to his face. Secretly, Tony thinks the slime would be an improvement on the guy’s features. The guy coughs out a cloud of vapour at the slime as he finds his footing, and for a second Tony can't believe what he's seeing. The slimeball hisses and recoils, and then promptly shrivels up on the sidewalk.
The guilt burns at the back of Steve's throat. He should have done a better job of protecting Casey. He should have been watching.
"Nat!" Clint says happily. "Light of my life." Clint and Bucky take seats at the table next to each other, and sit back, happily listening as Casey regales them with tales of his day. He tells Clint about the sign language, and Clint lights up and immediately starts teaching him more words. Casey thinks this is the best thing to ever happen – Clint makes cookies, and knows hand words, which basically makes him a superhero, as far as Casey is concerned.
Tony shifts, pulls his hand away from Steve's and starts moving, trying to – he's trying to push himself up into a sitting position and Steve reaches out to stop him, fumbling with the controls on the bed at the same time so he can use the hydraulics to elevate Tony's head. "Sweetheart, stop, you shouldn't – you need to rest, don't try to get up –"
Sam sighs, lets his head fall back, and stares at the ceiling. "Why is it so hard to get you to understand that the Haven was a real experience? It wasn't some fever dream, Cap. We went there, we lived there. Yeah, we're back here now, but that doesn't erase it."
Steve flashes that bright, warm smile one more time, and Tony's heart sinks. Rhodey had been right. He
Hammer is getting increasingly frustrated, her voice rising in pitch and volume as she speaks. Natasha decides it's quite sloppy, but then, she doesn't expect many people to be properly trained to withstand advanced interrogation techniques.
"Okay, look, pal," Rogers says, and suddenly Tony feels like the man is eight feet taller than him, glaring down at him in indignation. "I don't know who you think you are that you can tell me where I can or cannot set up my coffee shop, but if you think I'm just going to let you – let you discriminate against me because of my sexuality, and keep the homos out of your
"Cause you're the best and the nicest." Casey announces, and then takes Natasha's hand, and together the two of them walk out of the shop.
Of course, Tony's genius intelligence meant an accelerated education, meaning his rebellious teenage years had come earlier than most. He'd been quietly shuffled off to rehab by the time he was 14, he'd gotten his drinking and drug use under what he had referred to, at the time, as 'under control', and managed his first degree by age 19. His parents had died when he'd been 20, and at 21, he'd signed away all rights to Stark Industries to Obadiah Stane, his father's former second-in command. He'd continued to skip on and off the rails for the next 10 years, partying and taking drugs and not caring about anything but the next time he could get high, and then had eventually watched, horrified, as Stane had not only run the company into the ground, but gotten it mostly torn apart by the FBI and the SEC when it came to light that he'd been bringing in a lot of money on the side by selling weapons on the black market.
They both chuckle, and then silence follows for a beat or two after. It's a little awkward, and they both look away. They're saved by Tony's phone chiming an alert.
He slips the gun back in its holster and turns, dropping to his knee and flinching at the pain in the other, grabs Casey in both hands and searches his face.
"Get him inside, to the bunker," Tony orders. Vision opens his mouth to object, but Tony cuts him off. "Save it. I know you want to fight, but we need as much time as possible to figure out how to beat this guy. We can't do that if he rips the stone out of your forehead and obliterates us all. Go to the bunker, and Wanda, you stay with him."
She opens her eyes and gasps for air. The warehouse is gone, they're not even in New York anymore; they had been tucked away in a fortified bunker in Wakanda, and maybe they're there still. It doesn't matter. What matters is she
So he bolted. Up the stairs and down the corridor, breathing a sigh of relief once he realised that no one was following him. Thank god for small mercies. He picked his way carefully down the hall towards the back side of the mansion. Maybe, if he was really lucky, he’d be able to sneak down one of the back stairwells and buy himself some time to catch his breath without having to face off against the onslaught of nosy superheroes.
Before Shuri can respond, Vision groans softly, and slowly opens his eyes. He blinks a few times, and sits up, looking around the lab in confusion. "What..."
"I'm not admitting to anything," he says, and Rhodey nods understandingly, lips twitching with a smile. "And you're wrong, because I don't have any romantic feelings at all, and so there will be no asking anyone out. But we're still going to go to Brewed Awakening, even though you are very, very wrong, because Steve makes very, very good coffee."
It hurts, and then it stops. And as everything goes dark, as he drops to the ground one last time, he hears a voice calling his name, laced with horror and grief.
Behind them, Tony hears Thor cry out, and he thinks that's the end of it, Thanos got in a lucky strike and Thor is down, and they're doomed. But a second later, lightning flashes and he hears another, more desperate cry – this time from Thanos. Tony whirls around, in time to see Thor bleeding profusely on shaky feet, and Thanos kneeling on the ground, a scorched axe wound gouging his head.
He had moved to this neighbourhood on the upper east side specifically so that Casey could go to this preschool. He had done his research – he'd looked at every preschool in the city before he'd settled on Trinity Children's Centre. TCC had the best ratio of positive parent anecdotes and high testing scores. It's not even the most exclusive preschool in the city, and Tony doesn't care. He'd never
"I really can't thank you enough for what you did tonight," Tony says a moment later, his voice a little hoarse.
He reaches down to help Tony up, and as soon as Tony's hand touches his, Steve can feel himself going clammy and sweaty and red-faced. It's stupid, he knows – Tony's just a man like any other, but the nervous, fluttery feeling in his gut tells him that Tony is different, that Tony's
"They had to perform surgery to release the pressure in his cranium," Vision says softly beside him. "The doctors aren't entirely sure what caused it, medically, only that it's a byproduct of the energy released by the Infinity Stones."
"Well, okay. You remember how when Nat came in and announced she was going to be my new BFF?" Clint begins. Steve nods, and Clint continues. "Yeah, well turns out Nat is super cool and I kind of adore her and she was definitely right. But also, remember she told Bucky not to worry, because she and I were only going to be friends, and that I was into someone else? Well, Bucky kept badgering me about it, trying to figure out who it was. And I slipped and said 'he'. And I guess Bucky didn't know I was bi, 'cause. Well. Reasons."
"Peter has been following me around like a lost puppy," Shuri says with a doting smile. "He's smart, though, so I allow it."
He sees the muzzle flash ahead of him at the same time as the loud report of a gun firing in his direction. A pistol at close range, but clearly the guy is a bad shot, because the bullet hits the wall behind him, raining drywall dust down.
"We agreed that tonight was date night, come hell or high water." Tony leans down and kisses Steve again; longer, slower, and far nicer than the kiss on the street had been.
"I owe you," Tony tells her. "Seriously, I owe you so much. Thank you. You are the best. I really, really appreciate it. And I swear, I will land this deal."
“Hey, I’m just trying to give you options,” Stark snaps back. Right, because god forbid he be allowed to make any real decisions for himself. God forbid he be allowed a moment's peace where he wasn’t wound up, on edge, with half a dozen people ‘discreetly’ watching him. God forbid he be allowed to be Steve Rogers in a world where everyone’s fighting over Captain America.
– he cuts off that line of thought at the same time that Tony springs back, embarrassment of his own evident.
"Tony," Tony provides. "And no, nothing hurts." Fred nods, and makes a point to check Tony over for any signs of bleeding, and Steve breathes a quiet sigh of relief when he finds nothing. Satisfied that Tony is at least superficially okay, he turns to Steve and repeats the whole process, taking care about Steve's knee.
Just like that, Rogers slips back into the coffee shop, leaving Tony on the sidewalk feeling very much like he's lost this round.
"Which means," Rhodey says, pulling back, "I'm about to get real damned busy, with the transport helo designs and specs. And you're going to get real damned busy with the comms designs and specs."
Tony snorted. Like he was really going back to ‘his’ universe, even if they were able to find a way to open a portal. There was nothing back there for him, and day one in the new universe, he already had someone in his bed who was enthusiastically happy to be there, and also handed out orgasms like candy. What did it matter if he was a stand in for a version of himself who was obviously a better man than he?
Despite the earlier scare the spreading puddle had given some of the bystanders, there were still crowds of people pressing up against the relocated police barricades. As Steve watched, a trio of snickering boys took baseballs out of their hoodie pockets, waited until the nearest officer had looked away, and threw them over his head. Steve stepped forward and deflected two of the balls off the curve of the shield, sending them sailing back over the crowd to a spattering of startled applause.
Tony shook his head and looked out the porthole again. A figure drifted slowly past the window, and Tony’s heart seized in his chest. Low on power? He thought, one gauntleted hand pressing to the chestplate. He’d grown accustomed to the strange idea that his heart needed a battery over weeks of weird dreams, but this felt different. For some reason he couldn’t quite pin down, he knew that the person floating by their underwater craft was Steve.
“Dr. Winslow,” Steve said, gesturing her over with one hand. “He moved his foot. I was talking to him, and he – he moved.”
Steve smiled at him in the semi darkness. He gently untangled his hand from Tony’s and cautiously held his arm up in an invitation. Tony gaped at him for several seconds while the Scrubs cast broke into song and Clint helpfully sung along. Tony should have gotten up and left – it wasn’t the right place for it – but he leaned slowly sideways instead. Steve closed his arm around Tony’s shoulders. He smelled like leather and lemongrass laundry soap.
“No, darling. You’re perfect.” He slid into the space between Steve’s thighs, rolling his hips down to press their cocks together. Even through the clothing, it felt almost shockingly good. Steve’s thighs closed around him and squeezed his still-sore ribs. The dull pain was probably a good thing. “This is what you want, hm?” He shoved against Steve deliberately, just to hear the bed creak and slam into the wall. Steve made a noise somewhere between a groan a whimper.
Steve shoved him hard enough to tip his hips over and nudged his nose into Tony’s belly. Tony promptly put a foot against his face and pushed hard. Steve made a
laughed at him. Talking to Steve was like dealing with unstable dynamite. Sometimes, Steve would seem to forget that they weren’t friends anymore, and he would be relaxed enough to smile, but most of the time, any stray word or unguarded expression sent him down an angry spiral.
. There is no reality, no universe that exists outside my head where you-!” He pointed at Steve where he sat with his magazine, fingers under Tony’s hand. Tony felt the illusion of warmth and a tickle of pressure at the center of his palm.
Tony had been poked and prodded to within an inch of his life before finally being showed to a simple guest room. The last occupant had kindly stashed half a bottle of cinnamon whiskey under the sink, and apparently it hadn’t been found by anyone else in a long time. The bottle was so caked in dust that Tony had to run it under the faucet to clearly see the label. He took a plastic cup out of the cupboard, toasted the one ‘hidden’ camera that was out more-or-less in the open, and then another that had been concealed in a potted plant. He downed a generous gulp, shuddered through the burn, and set about dismantling the room.
Chewing on tactical webbing was strangely pleasant, and Tony got lost for a few seconds with just gnawing on it before Steve’s complaints reminded him that he was supposed to be doing something with it. Climbing onto Steve’s belly, he managed to get the belt buckle open, and then grabbed it in his mouth and pulled backwards while Steve rolled over until it came free. Getting the button undone was decidedly more difficult, and Tony’s jaw hurt by the time he was wrenching the zipper open.
“I miss you, Shellhead,” Steve said. He set his forehead against Tony’s helmet. “I miss you. Come back.”
Steve shuddered. “I was on your chest, and I had my shield above my head, and for a second I wanted to. I can’t sleep without seeing your face. I think you wanted me to do it.”
under the suit, Tony with a heart problem (he didn’t have a heart problem, what a strange thing to make up), Tony who wasn’t even a good man while Iron Man was a hero.
A ghost of a smile flickered over Steve’s lips. His blood - or maybe Tony’s - slicked his bottom teeth, and he took a moment to prod at it with his tongue. The motion left his teeth pink. “You’ve always infuriated me.”
ing sound low in his throat, great big head ducking down. Tony felt a growl settling in his chest. He knocked his left paw into the back of his right foreleg. The crowd pulled away from him as the armor
Tony laughed, and took another sip. He let the alcohol sit on his tongue until it felt like it had burned all the skin in his mouth off, and then swallowed it deliberately. He watched Steve watching him, and smiled when Steve’s eyes caught on his throat. Tipping his chin up just to be obnoxious, he swallowed again. Steve flushed.
“You’ve been asleep for a while, Cap,” a tall Black man in a billowing leather jacket told him. He had a dozen armored people behind them, and more were pouring out of the surrounding tanks.
“No! I am but two blocks to your north, and the air is as calm as a babe’s sleeping breath. I will see if I cannot discover its source. Are you in danger on the ground?”
Sitting down, the wolf let her tongue loll out of her mouth. “You’re the one in my territory,” she pointed out. She was obviously amused by Steve’s display, or maybe by Tony’s much smaller form next to him. They probably made a strange picture.
Tony tried not to stare into the darkness as Jarvis compiled data. There wasn’t much that scans could tell him except for everything they
Freed from the closures, Steve promptly started to wiggle again. Tony was unseated by the motion, and hissed in reproach as he tumbled back to the ground. Whining and yipping, Steve managed to kick himself free. As soon as his tail popped loose, he tried to jump up, made it one stride on what looked like an attempt at a victory lamp, and face-planted back into the grass, the pants still tangled around his ankles.
Tony calculated the force of the wind, the distance to Steve, and how long he had before the reaching tendrils of darkness met. The wind speed was hovering at just under 40 mph, with sharp gusts shooting up over 50 mph. In theory, the thrusters wouldn’t start having trouble keeping up until the wind speed got closer to 100 mph, but he hadn’t been able to test it above 80 in the field.
Fury watched him carefully with his one eye, head tipped slightly like a bird to bring Steve into focus. “Seventy years, Cap.”
“Come back to us. We’re all waiting. Steve’s waiting. If you can’t come back for me, you can come back for him.”
It ended up being more of a tunnel than anything. It did narrow slightly when he was too far in to easily get himself back out, but the suit pressed in close around him, and he felt like his body was just squishing down to accommodate the smaller dimensions. Being in the tight space was less distressing than he expected it would be, and he was pulling himself up through a small hole into a corridor before he had time to get distressed.
and so relieved that all he could do was laugh, except his throat was too dry to make the noise and it sounded like sobbing. He remembered pulling the collar of his shirt aside to see lines like microcircuits creeping up his neck. He remembered building his own particle accelerator. He remembered Steve’s eyes following him with disappointment as Tony broke into a secure facility to retrieve
Before he’d made up his mind, he heard a soft scuffle in the undergrowth. Moving just enough to see the ground, Tony went still. The sound came again, a soft whisper of movement over dry brush. When the sound came for a third time, it was followed closely by a dragging noise. Faintly, he heard a squeak.
Tony let his breath out in a shuddery wheeze. He nodded and grabbed the slick edges of the table to pull himself upright. To his shock, Steve slid an arm under his knees and helped him move his feet over the side. He put his other arm around Tony’s shoulders and eased him off the table. His feet felt numb and he stumbled when he tried to support his own weight.
In the darkness, Kilgrave moved around the table. His silk suit whispered as he walked, and Steve could smell his expensive cologne as he drew closer. It was a flowery, thick scent that clung to the back of Steve’s throat. He smiled at Steve, one hand extending slowly to broadcast his intent. Tony snarled and bucked in the chair, managing to shove the table an inch away from him. Steve gripped it and tried not to react when Kilgrave’s chilly fingertips set to his cheek, but he couldn’t help a shudder. His skin was disturbingly soft and tinted just slightly lavender under the yellow light. He dragged his fingers across Steve’s cheek to his ear, and then down the line of his neck to his shoulder, where he flattened his hand. Moving to stand directly behind Steve’s chair, he leaned forward slightly so his stomach pressed into the back of Steve’s head, jacket falling open to envelope Steve in his scent. He set his other hand down on Steve’s opposite shoulder, and Steve didn’t flinch again.
, she greeted while her puppies bounced around her excitedly, except the littlest one, who had plopped her butt down in the grass and was swaying with her eyes partially open.
“I see.” They stared at each other for a few awkward moments, and then Steve stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. He ducked down to bring their mouths together. Tony felt antsy with tired energy, but he laced his arms around Steve’s neck and enjoyed the moment of closeness. He pretended that this was just something they did - hugged and kissed for no reason other than to hug and kiss. It lasted until Steve’s hands smoothed down the curve of his back and curled around his ass, tugging him forward.
“I've wanted to peel you out of this,” Steve muttered, the rasp of his voice making Tony shiver. He reached up to pull the collar apart, and then twisted the zipper pull between his fingers, looking at Tony like he was daring him to protest. When Tony said nothing, Steve made a sharp motion with both hands, and the zipper parted with a scream of protest. Grabbing either edge of the torn zipper, Steve yanked hard, tearing out the rest of the seam. Tony shivered at the sudden exposure to the cool air, and couldn’t help automatically trying to curl up. He didn’t let people see the RT if he could help it, and Steve’s eyes were right on it. Tony imagined that he could feel the RT aching under the heat of Steve's gaze. He shivered.
, Steve suggested nervously, unconsciously taking a step back toward the arched entry. He looked over his shoulder, more than half expecting the entrance to have disappeared in the fog.
. He threw the whole lot into a pillow case, humming cheerfully to himself as he did, and then tossed it into the suite’s small dryer, and turned it on.
Tony tried to laugh, but his throat felt like it had been rubbed raw. “Nice,” he agreed finally. It took several moments to convince himself that pulling back would be ultimately better than staying where he was. He held onto the condom and gasped as Steve’s body reluctantly released him. He just barely managed to tip his weight so that he fell alongside Steve on the creaky bed, rather than collapsing directly on top of him.
High up in the air, Thor sounded cheerful as he shouted back, “I know not, but it is a grand storm!”
Steve’s eyes opened and somehow went right to Tony, as if he’d expected him to be there, as if he’d been waiting for Tony all along. “I’m sorry I haven’t been there as much as I would like, Tony,” he said softly. No one else seemed to hear him. “Please come back to me.”
Pushing up on his hind legs, he thumped his forepaws against the stone. “Please be a secret door,” he said as he awkwardly worked over the stones, occasionally rearing back to let his gauntleted paws clang on the stone.
He opened his eyes and Steve was gone, the corridor was as bright as any other, and he was just outside the door to the lab. There were people crowded around the room in white jackets over thick sweaters, blue nitrile gloves, and hairnets, and safety goggles. Tony pushed through them, and they moved without complaint, silent as ghosts. The first glimpse of Steve on the table was almost enough to make him cry. He was soaking wet, water dripping off the table to patter on the floor.
“Of course,” Tony continued, putting just enough weight on his knees that he could get to Steve’s belt, “You’d prefer if it was
His paw found a stone protruding from the otherwise smooth surface, and then the wall gave a shudder. It ground slowly open to reveal the two canines waiting eagerly at the entrance. Steve darted in so quickly that he nearly bowled Tony over, and Riverstones followed right on his heels. They both halted a few strides into the corridor, noses going into overdrive as they sniffed the air. After a moment, the door slid shut with a muffled.
He felt the impact first, a sharp sting just below his collarbone, followed instantly by an explosion of alarmed heat. As if everything had turned upside-down, he heard the shot after he felt it, echoing in loud claps around the empty warehouse. The chair turned over and he spilled onto the floor, striking his head hard on the concrete. Everything swam in drunken circles as he rolled backwards and onto his feet. Distantly, he heard Kilgrave screaming, incoherent with rage, and then a high pitched blast of noise that overwhelmed Steve with instant nausea. He doubled over and dropped to his knees, dry heaving, the pain of his broken ribs barely noticeable over the fire in his chest and the screaming in his head. It didn’t help, but Steve covered his ears and tried to find Tony in the chaos of the jumping shadows and the shriek of noise. He found Kilgrave on his knees a few feet away, elbows up by his ears, mouth moving, but inaudible over the noise.
Steve shook his head violently to dispel the tingles. He looked around the clearing again, and found Tony lounging on the tumble of big boulders in the middle, his tail swishing lazily in the air.
Natasha had Kilgrave in a full body bind, her thighs wrapped around his upper legs, arms pulling his elbows back. He jerked his head while Clint struggled to get a muzzle on him. Bucky hauled Steve to his feet and Sam got under his other arm. They dragged him into Tony’s line of sight, Bucky waving a flashlight to get his attention. Tony froze, body trembling with tension, staring at Steve with disbelieving, wide eyes.
and Captain America’s presumably frozen corpse, though Tony knew that the captain and crew mostly used it for their own studies.
Laughter popped out of Tony’s mouth like a gunshot. Steve tensed. His head snapped up and he glared at Tony.
“Mmmhm,” Tony murmured without looking at him. He pulled up a schematic and made doodles on it so he looked busy. Steve lingered at the door for a moment, and then was gone. Tony let the stylus drop. He pushed the schematic away without saving any of the doodles, and made his way to the bathroom to clean up. It was fine, really.
Steve bit back the automatic curses, and then perked up. Tony couldn’t understand him. He could curse at Tony all day and call him a self-righteous, over-inflated, self-important, egotist asshole with more daddy issues than money, and that there was not enough sarcasm on the planet to hide his big idiotic heart, and Tony would never know. So Steve did. It came out in a rolling yammer that made Tony start to growl immediately.
. Tony snapped his mouth shut on the last words. It wasn’t hard with Steve’s anger gathering visibly on his face. He knew, intellectually, that things had changed between them, and that Steve couldn’t forgive him, but Tony’s memory couldn’t connect the pieces. It felt like he’d gone to sleep with a best friend and a happy, if stressful life, and had woken up to a world in shambles. He’d never been so lonely in his life.
By the time Steve got free of the confines of the pants, all he could do for a while was a run and run and run. He didn’t stop running circles around the grassy clearing until he was so out of breath that he couldn’t keep his tongue in his mouth. He looked around curiously. The sun was far overhead, and he thought it had just been morning when Tony (the cat – Tony was a cat) had found him. It looked closer to afternoon now, which made Steve cock his head in confusion. He couldn’t have been running for
– and I will do it, anything to make this – this – whatever the hell this is between us just a little better –”
“I don’t. It’s not my fault that I. I can’t help if it I slip sideways when I’m asleep. It’s not.” Tony’s breath came in fast little pants and his stomach twisted. “I don’t mean to. Sorry?”
The other cat didn’t even acknowledge that he’d spoken. She rushed forward to grab the kitten, and then dragged her back a few feet. She set immediately to grooming the crying kitten, licking her roughly, frantically.
He shook his head to dispel the fog filling up his skull, and ended up unbalancing himself straight back to the ground. Feeling woozy and more than a little annoyed, he clawed at the faceplate. The helmet folded back into the cowl, and he felt better almost immediately. He hadn’t even noticed how much pressure the helmet had been putting on his skull until it was gone. A sneeze caught him by surprise and set his head to pounding.
Steve moved to stand next to him. He crossed his ankles one way and his arms the other, right-over-left, left-over-right. “Sure. Want to tell me why you’re really hiding?”
The tunnel widened out into a funnel as the villagers got closer, and then the leading edge opened up. Walker stopped at the edge of the green light, but adult cats darted right in, running for the exhausted babies. Some were joyfully and immediately reunited with their litters, but it was obvious that the priority was getting them somewhere safe. They could be sorted out to the proper parents later.
He came back to Steve’s forehead pressed into his stomach. They were both slick with sweat, and Steve mouthed slowly at his skin. “I almost killed you.”
“Looks like a human, but how it possible?” Another familiar-not-familiar voice said. Hank Pym in the red and blue skin-tight costume of Ant Man… or Giant Man, though it didn’t make sense that he could be both when they were contradictory monikers. High Pockets, Tony’s dream memory offered, and Blue Eyes, though the pet names aren’t his own. He remembered Jan van Dyne’s voice supplying them all, and why would it be
Steve barked at him again, wiggling forward on his belly to snap at Tony’s paws. Tony bounded back. His entire body trembled with the desire to run, but he made himself stay. Up close, he could see Steve’s problem. Like Tony’s suit, Steve’s uniform had come along with him, but Tony’s suit was designed with interlocking plates, and that design had apparently carried over. Steve’s uniform was still made of cloth, and apparently the size and general shape had just changed to his suit his canine form. The pants probably would have been fine if he were walking upright on his hind legs. Down on all fours, the cloth was bunching up in his hips to prevent him from standing on all fours. Based on the bulge in the back, Tony guess that his tail was also trapped in the fabric. He noted curiously that shield was attached to the magnetic harness and wondered how Steve had gotten it there.
Tony croaked. He struggled to his feet and took a few woozy steps forward. The rats were no more willing to get out of his way than they had been for Steve and Riverstones. He cursed and lifted off again, setting for a drunken arch toward the dais.
“Isn’t this exciting?” Kilgrave asked with a certain breathlessness to his voice that made Steve sick. He was enjoying the show, getting off on it. “People don’t get to take things from me for free, Mr. Stark. I hope you see that now.”
The boat slowed as they approached the beach, and two figures in the front jumped out to pull the boat up the shore. Tony lurched again as the hull scraped over the black sand. They anchored it to the ice and two of the puffy winter-gear figures stayed behind with the boat while Tony was jostled into the center of the rest of the group. Tony’s thighs trembled and his stomach hallowed out. He felt weak and cold through the core.
. She didn’t look at him as scrubbed his hands across his face and steeled himself to stand up. He was so fucking tired. He wanted to fall back to her shoulder, but he doubted he could pull off it-was-an-accident-I-swear twice in one night.
and a crack, the trailing end of it flying over Tony’s head. Despite feeling the air of its motion, Tony hadn’t flinched; even trapped under Steve’s bulk and at his mercy, he couldn’t make himself believe that Steve would hurt him. Steve maybe didn’t agree. His jaw clenched and relaxed several times, and his hands squeezed the webbed belt so hard that his gloves creaked.
sweaty. He struggled out of the sleeping bag and cursed at the cold floor even through two pairs of socks, and squeezed himself into the tiny head. He tried to be grateful that he had a private bathroom and shower, but it was hard to do when he was hung over, freezing, soaked in sweat, and barely had room to turn around between the toilet and the shower stall.
There was no way that someone frozen for seventy years (Twenty-four? Fifty?) could be alive, but Tony expected him to turn and open his eyes. He pushed past the last pair of white coats to the edge of the table. He froze, and shook his head sharply to clear his vision. It wasn’t Steve on the table, relaxed in cold-induced slumber, tinged blue with chill. It was Tony in the undersuit and one gauntlet, his cheeks hollowed out. His chest rose and fell in even swells. He had a pattern of burns across his chest and neck, tiny holes in the fabric of the undersuit. His vision flickered, and for a second he was looking up at a swinging light from a cot, shadows looming over him, the scent of burnt flesh and metal and ozone thick in the room.
There was another pause, and then his HUD went dark. Just when he was going to start yelling at it again, he caught Steve out of the corner of his eye, glowing in muddy yellows and browns and blues, and then the rest of the world slowly resolved into the same. He backed up as far as the slope behind him would allow, and then started walking around the base of the cliff. Steve padded after him, though Riverstones just watched him with a palpable air of confusion as Tony slowly panned his gaze over the cliff.
Tony had his arms held out from his body in preparation for the suit, but he kept his eyes on Steve’s face, expression so carefully blank that Steve knew he was on the verge of breaking.
A woman in a lab coat walked into the room. Tony stared at her as she looked up from her clipboard. 5’8” with dirty-blond hair pulled back in a tail, Jolie-mouth, Scandinavian features.
Steve took a sharp step forward, shield arm coming up in a gesture that was as familiar to Tony as the sight of his own hand raised for the repulsor. Tony took an automatic step backwards, hands coming up defensively, but Steve knocked his hands aside with a lightning fast snap of his wrist, and grabbed the back of Tony’s neck.
ing noise. Though Steve couldn’t understand the words, if they were words at all, he interpreted it as, “Good for you, buddy.”
, Tony thought, annoyed. Never mind the temperature of the water, or physics, or the ridiculous notion that Hank could change the size of his body (The Hulk, Tony’s dream-memory reminded him in a nauseating explosion of images: himself in a giant suit of armor begging the Hulk to go to sleep (what?) and Bruciebear tearing through his clothing as he turned green, and the Hulk leap-frogging over buildings, punching a giant sky-worm (what the
he was a cat. He tried to laugh, but it came out as a pleasant chuffing sound that tickled his nose.
Tony started to laugh. He’d beaten cancer and had it come back to chat with him. He’d been stupidly in love with a very straight WWII relic who didn’t like him very much for years, and had watched him get eaten by a world-destroying titan. He’d died to save the world, and he then gets to wake up in a basement with his mouth tasting like stale cotton balls. He lifted a middle finger toward the ceiling.
Steve interrupted. He hurried down the rise toward the village, leaving Tony to catch up with him. They hadn’t had the opportunity to really discuss their situation, but their interactions were beginning to worry Steve more and more.
The brittle politeness was tiring. Tony stifled an annoyed sigh and nodded. Steve pulled one of the chairs away from the desk, and lowered himself into it. Not a comfortable sprawl like he might have done Before, and not the stiff-backed-perched-on-the-edge posture that he took when he was really angry, but an aggressive forward lean. Tony leaned back automatically, caught himself, and then planted his forearms on the desk and leaned forward. He tried to look more alert, to look less like his stomach was wringing out like a wet towel, to not see the friend he used to have in the man staring him down.
Tony decided to ignore the insinuation, and instead turned his attention to the cliff. He had been doing his best to explore the modified suit’s functions as they’d travelled, and had discovered that he could still talk (Meow?) at the suit, though it did not reply as his typical AI did. It was lonely in the suit without a comforting voice to chat with while he was problem solving, but he supposed that Jarvis hadn’t been able to come through with him.
“And this reality is so much better?” Tony demanded, gesturing sharply to the hospital bed. He wasn’t sure exactly which one of the Tony-Stark-is-Iron-Man universes it was, or when. The universe where he kept a guilty secret of his identity, and eventually drank away his company, his friendships, his identity, and put them back together again? Where he lied to people to protect them, and it always blew up in his face, but they stayed (and he did it again)? Was this after he’d lost the secret of his identity, but before his life had gone off the rails, before he’d lost and regained the use of his legs, lost and regained his friendship with Rhodey, lost JARVIS, lost Pepper, turned Happy into a monster?
Backing away from the woman – whoever she was, Nazi infiltrator or spy – Steve ran at one of the walls between the seams. He broke through it like tearing through paper, startling dozens of people on the other side. He was barefoot, but it didn’t matter. Steve ran, baffled by the facility. It looked like nothing he’d ever seen, not in New York, not in Europe, not on the Hydra bases. He ended up on the street of some kind of bustling metropolis with strange cars whizzing by. People jumped out of his way as he plowed through the crowds. Everything was so loud. The usual background hum of resonate tones in crowded spaces was overwhelming. Everywhere he turned, dozens of unfamiliar tones shrieked at him, all of them clashing against his own. He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach. After the initial escape from the facility, he wasn’t even running from anyone – he was running from everyone.
“No,” Tony said without heat. He couldn’t muster up the energy for heat, didn’t have a warm molecule in his body. He stumbled off the bunk, and expected the captain to help him stand, but he didn’t. The giant man stood and crossed his arms over his chest. Tony caught the bulkhead and looked at him, but he only shook his grizzly head.
Steve didn’t respond. He started making little huffy noises like he was trying to talk, but couldn’t quite figure out what to do with the air he’d taken in. The door opened again, and six figures in combat gear flowed down the stairs and spread out to flank Steve in “V” pattern, training their weapons on Tony and not saying a word.
He cocked his head as if listening, and then nodded. “Captured, taken back to Asgard. Escaped three days later. The usual.”
The Steve beside him said nothing. Tony felt the pressure on his hand increase. Behind him, Steve broke off his reading and said in a cheerful, teasing voice, “If you could wake up and explain how this works to me, I’d sure appreciate it. You know how the future confuses us old men. I need you to… I need you. We’ve been stupid about each other for too long. You deserve better from me.”
, Tony interrupted before Steve could confess that they weren’t really friends with the big gray wolf.
, Steve, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” Tony’s chest heaved for breath while Steve just glared at him with that bulldog-jaw look settled firmly on his face. “Tell me what I can do – what I can actually do that is in the realm of, if not humanly possible, at least possible for
Holding a hand up to his ear to protect the comm device from the wind, he said, “Definitely not paint.”
Steve it would be a plus. He stifled a laugh at himself, at Steve, at how pitiful they both were for what they were doing. It wasn’t like he was going to stop unless – until – Steve told him ‘enough.’
If they waited too much longer, they would probably be pulled into another celebratory meal, so Steve nodded. He sat down next to Tony, and they both watched as Riverstones closed his eyes and started to glow. The glow intensified all around him, and then expanded into a large circle.
The sky dimmed. After the brilliance of the explosion, everything seemed dark and dull. Silence and pressure swallowed the beach. Tony could see Captain America’s mouth moving, screaming something he couldn’t make out. Rhodey tumbled and jittered through the sky, thrusters firing intermittently, flight stabilizers flickering as he flailed his arms in an instinctive attempt to regain his balance. Tony watched as Rhodey oriented himself and then turned and dove back toward the waves.
Unable to help it, Steve laughed. The noise disturbed Tony’s rest, and he extended one back paw to shove at the underside of Steve’s jaw. Steve licked his exposed head, and Tony made a discontented noise as he tucked himself deeper into Steve’s fur.
With that as a cryptic farewell, she hopped nimbly back up the hill, and disappeared into the trees.
Tony yawned until it felt like his jaw was going to unhinge, and then padded across the road and hopped up the shallower slope into a patch of fading sunlight.
“What’s the benefit if I do?” Tony asked tiredly. The door shut behind him and the scene he’d just lived through felt immediately less-real, another dream among many.
"Well," Steve says, slightly uncomfortable and awkward, because of course he would be, after that. "I'd better get back to –" he cuts himself off, but jerks a thumb over his shoulder to indicate the counter. The counter which is dead, with no customers, and not even the barest hint of a mess that might need wiping.
"What happened? I remember falling asleep – as a child – and when I opened my eyes again, I was alone in the desert. Mr. Stark, what happened to the Haven?"
Tony chokes off a cry as he comes, orgasm rushing through his ears and over his vision. The cascading water washes away the evidence as quickly as it's there, and Tony leans his forehead against the shower tiles, panting roughly through his open mouth as he tries to catch his breath and come down.
"And, I made a painting today!" Casey says excitedly. "But I can't show you because it's still drying at school. I like drawing, and I like math."
Sam's the next one in to try and drag Steve away, but Pepper had been there only a few hours ago, so Steve's eaten and slept already. Sam sits in the chair on the other side of Tony's bed, sprawling loosely, and then stares at Steve.
"Hey, Tony, can I ask you something?" There is a question tugging at his mind. Something he's wanted to ask for a while, but it wasn't his place, or his right to know. So he never had, until now. That's another thing about laying in the dark – topics that might feel forbidden during daylight hours seem safer to speak about.
“Well, yes. I mean I always want to talk to you. But, admittedly that isn’t why I’m here.” As he spoke, Tony made his way across the tidy space to the cabinet he knew housed spare sheets and started pulling them out, tossing them on the floor in a pile.
"We're good," Tony says, and then, for some reason, his mouth keeps moving without his permission. "Don't suppose you wanna pull up a chair and spend your break with us?"
He rinses the cloth in the sink and dries his hands, and is just heading back to check the display case as his phone starts ringing in his pocket. He pulls it out absently and goes to answer, when he sees Tony's name on the screen. His heart skips a beat, and for a second, Steve can't breathe. Tony is calling him? His hands are shaking a little, but his voice is calm as he answers the phone.
Steve seems quite content to play with Dummy, and so Tony turns back to the work he’d been poking at before Steve arrived. For a moment, he can almost convince himself everything is normal again, like Steve had never gone anywhere, and nothing had happened to him.
He glances up when Tony comes out of the bathroom. If he's honest with himself, he'd kind of hoped to get a glimpse of Tony's body again, but he comes out fully dressed. There's a tantalizing tease where his shirt isn't buttoned all the way, but it's not as much skin as he wishes he were seeing.
"Well, shit, if Tony's going, I'd better go, too. If I leave him in some alternate universe without supervision, he'll do something real stupid, and then where will we be?" Rhodey chimed in.
Tony's up and headed for the door even as it opens, and Casey runs inside to allow himself to be scooped up and whirled around in Tony's arms.
Even now, as Stark Resilient is becoming a household name, Tony comes in late to make sure he can drop Casey off at preschool. He leaves early so he can pick Casey up. He'd found them a penthouse just a couple of blocks away so that they'd be close. More often than not, Tony tries to work from home after Casey gets out of school, conferencing in with his staff. He's only just recently begun the hunt for a nanny, as the business gets more and more intense.
Only after he's been given the all clear by the doc does Rhodey drive him into Brooklyn. He thanks Rhodey profusely, says a very awkward goodbye to Tony, and doesn't look back at them as he carefully makes his way in through the front door of the shop.
Fortunately, Shuri's lab is more than well equipped to handle the task they have ahead of them. Even with their backs up against the wall and no time to spare, Tony still can't help staring at the space in wonder, itching to get his hands on things and throw about a thousand questions Shuri's way. She laughs, and punches his shoulder lightly as she passes by him on her way over to her work station. "I never get tired of those awestruck looks. They give me life. You should have seen Bruce's face the first time he came in here."
Casey is struggling, tiny little hands clawing at the forearm around his waist. He's screaming, still, kicking out, slamming his head back against the guy's chest. Steve can see that the guy doesn't have a great hold on him, that he hadn't been prepared for Casey to fight back so hard.
Getting her to answer questions turns out to be a lot more difficult than Steve had thought. Internally, he curses the fact that it’s
“Let him in J,” Tony instructs. Steve takes a careful, calculated step in. Tony isn’t quite sure what to expect.
Bucky looks up, his arm snaked around Clint's waist. "Oh, hey Steve. Thought you were working Manhattan today."
Tony gets that little twinkle in his eye that he only gets when he’s  genuinely having fun, and Steve would believe for a moment that there would be a chance, that they could at least be friends even if he’s never allowed himself to hope for anything more. But those occasions are rare, and growing rarer. Now, every time they look at each other it’s like something has shattered, and what was once friendly banter turns into harsh snipping and underhanded digs. And it hurts more than Steve wants to admit. So, yeah, he thinks maybe space would be nice. Space to get over Tony.
The third daily BFF coffee meeting in, Tony is sitting at what has become their regular table at Brewed Awakening, surreptitiously watching Steve work out of the corner of his eye and half-listening to Rhodey talk about rotor blade technology being antiquated, and that the repulsor technology Tony has been working on would be perfect as a propulsion system for the emergency transport helos.
Clint grins his goofy puppy grin, but all Bucky manages is a tight nod, and a forced smile that doesn't even reach the corners of his mouth. It's really more of a grimace than anything else. Or a baring of teeth, like some kind of challenge.
Nine o' clock comes and goes again, with no sign of Stark. The morning crowd dies down, and Steve rips off his apron, and slumps into the back without so much as a word.
Tony stares at him, mouth agape for a long moment. Then he seems to give himself a mental shake, and grins right back.
He takes the tablet with him and hits the workshop. He'll do a little bit of work here while he waits for the caffeine to work its way out of his system, he decides.
Bucky pins him down under the hard stare that he developed over the years of dealing with a stubborn Steve Rogers, and perfected during his time in combat. Tony shifts uncomfortably.
"Or seen," Bucky adds. "Little bird tells us that he was in the other day with someone and the two of you were just all over each other."
"Hey, no, not what I – okay, this is not how I wanted this to go. Can I try again? You seem stressed. Can I help you feel less stressed?"
He wonders, how much terrible loss can a man be expected to weather before that man can't get up again?
"You've accepted that everything else about Haven was real, but you still refuse to accept that Casey was real. Besides, Strange made the mind stone a child because he knew you would love him, and protect him." Steve reaches over and cups his face, running a thumb across his cheek. Somehow, Tony manages to keep himself from looking away.
"He got to Loki?" Steve's voice is still raw, still lost, but it's firmer, now. Tony knows that if anyone is able to get back to business when the worst has happened, it's Steve.
