"Alright, alright, coming. Give me a break. Your daddy’s no longer that young.” Tony chuckled at Morgan and her adorable pout and stepped into the tub right behind her. Her brother was sitting on the other side of the tub and fiddled with his diving goggles.
“You got a point there.” Steve conceded with a smile. “But sometimes it just hurts. And if you can feel it, then you know that it’s real. Most of the time love feels wonderful. You know that we love you, right?”
Steve was in charge, Tony was willingly letting him lead, letting himself be manhandled by Steve. It was intoxicating and addictive, knowing that Tony trusted him enough to take care of him.
Unbeknownst to them, a shadow hid in the dark alleyway, that led to the most rundown neighborhood of the city.
“Tony.” Steve interrupted his rambling. Tony's mouth snapped shut and his big eyes became even bigger. It made a goofy grin stretch Steve's lips. “We would be happy to stay the night if you'd have us. It would make me happy. And yeah… Maybe it's time to finally tell you everything.”
And now they were in the middle of a photoshoot with their son, as the famous Addams Family: Gomez, Morticia and Wednesday.
“Mr Stark. It's an honor to see you.” The Padawan put his book away, stood up and bowed slightly. “What brings you here today?”
It was late afternoon and the repairs of their ship had taken up most of the day. Tony was greasy and oily and tired, but he smiled from ear to ear at Steve. The former jedi had spent the day helping him as best as he could, without asking too many questions about the mechanics and electronics behind the cables and wires, so he wouldn’t feel more stupid than he probably was when it came to things like this. Watching his lover - and the word made him blush like a teenager - work with enthusiasm was more fascinating than watching an opera at the Galaxies Opera House on Coruscant.
The boy let go of the straw for a moment and giggled happily at his daddy. “Ba-ba, ba ba bada ah, da-da, ba ga a ba-ba,” Peter babbled excitedly at the two adults and proudly showed them his one milk tooth before going back to sucking on that straw.
Tony trudged back to the camp with his ruined wedding gown in his arms. Shield’s lawmen looked at him expectantly when he stepped into the light of the fire, as it had gotten quite dark as the night approached. Blushing, Tony turned around once and raised his arms weakly.
“Oh, I love you so much, I love you both so much,” Tony gasped, still trying to catch his breath again. “You are priceless!”
“Do you know where Peter is? I haven’t seen him since breakfast.” Tony asked the blonde. He had his suspicions why their oldest son was acting weird lately, but no evidence to prove his theory except for his omega instincts.
Tony watched his alpha with a smile. After so much time together, he was still amazed by how in God’s name he was so lucky to have this man all to himself. Laying his head on the edge of the tub, he remembered how everything had started all those years ago.
The family made their way through the cosplayers and nerds and visitors of one of the biggest comic conventions of the East coast. Steve saw superheroes, manga and comic characters, some stormtroopers, knights, princesses in pretty dresses, half naked people and some with larger than life-sized armors. Steve was so fascinated by the throngs of people that he nearly lost sight of Peter.
No matter how often Steve had told him to stop, that it was okay, that he understood if it was too much, Tony had continued to lower himself on Steve's cock, stubborn like a mule.
The trunk of a man must have felt him staring because he waved at Tony with a broad grin. Spooked, Tony ducked behind the horse. He crouched down and hugged his knees.
His son was breathless from laughing, he watched them for another heartbeat. Then he put his diving goggles back on, yelled "Avengers! Assemble!" and swam forward to save his little sister from the evil bearded dragon.
"Of course, donut." The omega smiled and watched his son wash his hair. Meanwhile Morgan had started to build mountains out of the lilac foam of their bubble bath.
“Do I have to remind you who’s responsible for this whole… situation?” Steve whispered and nervously looked around the waiting room, where other young mothers were sitting, some with huge baby bumps and some with carriers. They had all looked at the gay pair a little awkwardly when they’d first entered the room.
“I love you, Tony, more than you can imagine.” Steve whispered against his lips, his voice more of a rumble than anything else. It was loud in Tony's heart. He bent down until their foreheads touched. “You are my home. You gave me a family.”
“I'm sorry, Steve. I won't be able to be there. It's not allowed, I'm no member of the Jedi Order as you just said yourself.” The older man looked down at the ground between them. Steve's heart sank. Just when he was about to open his mouth again, Tony continued. “But… if your duties allowed it, it would be my pleasure to treat you to dinner afterward. To celebrate. That you're a Jedi Knight then. That is, if Jedi are even allowed to celebrate.” He winked at him and Steve felt himself blush full force.
The huge alpha had almost given him a heart attack last night, when he’d suddenly appeared out of nowhere behind Tony. He sniffed, still a little miffed. The horses nickered and watched him curiously. One of them nudged him, hoping to get a treat. Tony ignored it for now, too busy watching Sheriff Rogers and his lawmen.
Tony's eyebrows rose. He stared at him and the amused betas on their horses around them. “But I can’t ride,” he blurted.
This evening, when they were all sitting around a campfire, eating together and exchanging stories would end up becoming the first of many.
"Hush, babe, I need to take a closer look at this gem… can't believe you hid this from me all this time," he complained half-heartedly, but there was a grin playing over his lips, while he slid back over Steve's groin -the motion was heaven and hell at the same time- until he was sitting on Steve's thighs and his dick sprung free and slapped against Steve's own abs.
“That’s right.” Tony found his voice again and held onto her so she wouldn’t slip off his lap and bang her head on the edge of the tub. “Just like Harley and Peter.”
“Yeah, that’s the guy,” the first one said and grabbed Tony’s luggage and his coat. He tossed it to their fellow bandits.
As a side note, Tony had read somewhere that the natural color of one’s nipples was also the person’s most natural shade of lipstick. Well, Steve’s usually pale pink nipples had become a bright red over time. Not that red didn’t suit his husband! And having someone bite down on your nipple was, after all, very sexy. (Yes, Tony knew that from experience as well.) But after weeks it perhaps became just a tiny bit painful. Maybe.
"Listen, I'm out. All I want is to leave this mess behind me,” Tony interrupted them. “Can you take me to the next city? I don't know where I am, and I'm not keen on getting lost in the woods again. I'm thankful for your help, but I don't want to see that asshole ever again. I want to live the rest of my fucking life in peace, without any stupid alphas to worry about."
Natasha called their behaviour Unresolved Sexual Tension, Clint called it hilarious, and Bruce firmly refused to address the topic. Thor had clasped his shoulder and asked if they were having a serious crisis in their relationship because of male health problems. Clint had almost choked on his coffee.
“Hey, wait!” Tony exclaimed and looked at the sheriff. “What am I supposed to do with it? Where is the carriage?”
Steve felt the weight of them under his fingertips, how wonderfully round and heavy they were, hanging between Tony’s spread legs like ripe fruits waiting to be plucked and devoured. Moaning at the way Tony now started mouthing at his earlobe and neck, Steve pressed his fingers first to Tony’s perineum and then to his hole, massaging the smooth skin and eliciting yet another gasp from him when the tip of one of his fingers slipped inside.
"...yeah, it was," the other agreed, a bit breathless. His voice was rough and the brunet licked over his reddened lips. His dark eyes were nearly black and their gazes locked. In the back of his mind, Steve noted how wet his thighs had grown from Tony's own steadily leaking arousal. But then Tony placed the tip of his index finger softly on the slit of Steve's dick's head, but it was also decisive. "I want it, Steve, I want that thing inside of me."
Harley and Morgan scooted closer to them. Their daughter sat on Tony’s lap, while Harley snuggled up to his pops’ side. Morgan’s fingers found Tony’s belly and Steve gently took hold of her finger so she could carefully touch the scar.
Tony nodded until a thought hit him. “Um, darling… didn’t they take the kindergarten class photos last week?” The brunet snickered again. His belly hurt from laughing so much.
Only then did he catch up with his mate’s words. He turned around to follow Steve’s gaze and realized that Peter had managed to worm his way under Tony’s armpit into the circle of his arms without waking his father. The teen was curled up into a ball, sleeping peacefully with his head on his dad’s chest. In the darkness of the night the boy looked much younger than he was.
Because as much as the fire was warm and held the threats of the night away, it was also greedy, unpredictable, dangerous and destructive. Just like all the alphas from his past had been. Tony didn’t need another traumatic experience, thank you very much. He planned to keep his distance until he could get away from the alpha.
When he was finished with changing, Steve put the cleaning tools away and went to the cockpit where Clint, their pilot, and Natasha discussed about how they were supposed to pay for all the broken parts of the Quinjet. Clint complained that the Dejarik board was very important too and Natasha argued that a set of Sabacc cards would be cheaper. The spice smugglers all through the galaxy were known for their love for gambling and Clint would just end up cheating again or loosing his last credits to Natasha. Also, everyone knew that the Twi'lek would win the discussion and the Zabrak would accept his defeat, if he didn't want her to paint his horns pink again when he was sleeping. Their good-natured banter made him smile.
The laws of the jedi had been simple. No intimate relationships had been tolerated. But in this moment, Steve once again realized that he was no longer a jedi. He was one with the force and the force was with him. And the force had led him here. The force had led him to Tony. The force had led him into this man’s arms. And here he wanted to stay.
“I can’t,” he tried to reason with him, hoping against hope that the man would understand. “That's all I’ve got. Please don’t take-”
“I won’t allow it. Steve, you are not going there.” He whispered. Tony’s eyes grew hard and he stabbed one fingers into Steve’s chest. It hurt. It hurt in a good way, in a true way. “I just got you back, Steve, you are not going there! I won’t let you leave, knowing that you’re going to die. You’re all going to die! Or worse! You’re going to be a slave for the rest of your life!”
“Hmm, that’s a good question.” Tony answered this time. “You know, sometimes you care for someone that is not part of your family. Someone new. Someone that you just met, maybe. And you care for them, but you don’t know if they care for you as well. And not knowing… that’s what hurts Peter.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his own neck and cringed where he was standing behind him. “Not yet, peanut. I’m sorry, papa’s almost done. You just gotta hold still for another minute, okay?”
"Tony, Tony… my goodness, look at you, you're incredible, taking all of me like that," he breathed, and his hands found their way to Tony’s slender hips, who took him like he was born for it. He squeezed and caressed the skin there, trying to soothe the smaller man above him, knowing that it must hurt. Tony hadn't said anything yet, he just whimpered and moaned, a tear welling up in the corner of his eye. "Shhh, you're good, you're doing so good, doll. You did it, I can’t believe it."
Tony's extravagant clothes shone brightly in the light that filtered through the lush, green leaves of the trees in the gardens of the enormous Jedi temple. The crimson and gold fabrics were evidence enough to realize that he was more than just rich. Usually Steve didn't like those rich snobs, they strutted around, looked down on everyone else and were convinced the galaxy was their playground. But this man was different.
Like so often after another debate, the two men found themselves sweaty and panting in the boxing ring in the Avengers' gym. Their anger had long since ebbed away and they were laughing, enjoying the adrenaline that came from a friendly fight.
“Well, neither do I. And I already gave him something to drink. Leave me out of this. I was against it from the beginning.”
“Steve? Steve Rogers? This can't be true…” The man -Tony- gasped and gripped his hand a bit tighter. Steve let his eyes wander over his dearly missed friend's face.
Tony could feel the rumble of his voice reverberate through his body and the sound went straight down his spine. He shuddered. They were so close to each other, closer than anything that he’d experienced up until now. His back was pressed to Rogers’ chest and his bottom to the other’s groin. Tony could feel how his cheeks burned in embarrassment and he forced himself to think of something else. A task that proved to be rather difficult as he was encompassed by that scent that made his head spin.
Tony laughed at that. Peter just waved his wet toy at his parents, blissfully unaware of the fact that he was the root of all evil.
A smile crept on Tony’s face and he folded the letter back up to put it away once again. He hadn’t met his soon-to-be husband yet, but if his letters were any indication, then the alpha he was going to marry today was a true gentleman, well-mannered and friendly. Becoming a mail order bride had been the best decision of his life so far.
"I can do this myself, dad. I'm already eight!" Harly answered and pulled off his diving goggles. Tony watched him struggle with the shampoo bottle for a moment before he gently took it from him and squeezed some of the shampoo in his palm. "Thanks."
Steve swallowed, a new wave of arousal and adrenaline coursing through his body. He unceremoniously tightened his grip on Tony’s hips, fingers digging into the soft flesh. There would be hand shaped bruises come tomorrow morning, and the thought of leaving a mark on Tony was exhilarating. Steve grunted, raised Tony slightly, who went along with everything Steve did to him, and pushed him back down onto his dick.
“Where… Where will you go now? I mean… will you- will I see you again?” Tony asked him quietly and averted his eyes.
"Daddy! Your beard is itchy!" She laughed and her tiny hands tried to push Tony away, but of course that only goaded him into rubbing his face a bit more against hers.
"Oh, fuck… To- Tony…" Steve moaned low in his throat when the head vanished in Tony's mouth like his cock was a fucking popsicle. He carded his fingers through his lover's dark hair, holding him gently but letting him decide how much of Steve's dick he really wanted to take into his mouth. Maybe he was high on adrenaline, but Steve was still coherent enough to be aware that he was indeed huge. He'd had his fair share of awkward sexual encounters where his partners had decided that they couldn't take him after all, and the last thing he wanted was to injure Tony by being careless or pushy.
The engineer’s eyes were glued to the baby carrier by his feet and their little son Peter, who was happily chewing on his toy. The four month old toddler noticed his daddy looking at him, waved his Nuby teething ring at him and smiled brightly. The first tiny baby tooth peeked out of his pink gums. Tony wiggled his fingers at the boy and Peter giggled in delight.
Though the straw that broke the camel’s back was when Dr Getz told them that it wouldn’t have taken that much longer for Steve to possibly start lactating for real, with the super soldier serum in his veins and his body’s efforts to adapt to the new circumstances.
They had to be extremely careful. Five people, all of them wanted by the Empire, or various syndicates in Clint's and Natasha's case, with a partly destroyed ship was like an invitation for trouble to come and visit them.
“Get down!” Steve yelled and let go of Tony’s neck. He shoved the mechanic down so he was half laying on the ground behind the workbench and grabbed the lightsaber on his belt.
Tony pulled himself upright and sat back down properly. His clothes were dusty and dirty from where he’d laid on the floor, but he didn’t care. All he cared about right now was that the content of the bag was safe.
“Tony,” He breathed, voice barely above a whisper, not wanting to break the fragile spell between them. “Is- Is that really you?”
-” She gestured at his beige Jedi tunic. “-into something more subtle. The last time you decided to wear something traditional we ended up being hunted by a bunch Trandoshans for the bounty placed on our heads.”
“Tony, Tony... Shit!” Steve’s self-control was crumbling with every heartbeat and he moaned into Tony’s ear, shivering when he felt Tony bite down onto the tendons in his neck in an futile attempt to stifle his voice. He needed Tony to get his hands on him soon, not willing to come untouched like a horny teenager. Luckily Tony seemed to have the same thought process.
“Yes, Master Erskine talked to Master Fury and soon the ceremony will be held.” Steve smiled at him and secretly rubbed his sweaty palms over the rough and simple fabric of his tunic. Having the brunet's gaze purely fixated on him was scary and yet exciting. He felt his heart beating hard against his ribs. But the pain in his lungs from his asthma was a good distraction. “May I ask… Will you be here during the ceremony? I know you are no Jedi, but you're a close friend to many Masters of the High Council of the Jedi Order and a guest of the Galactic Senate. It would mean a lot to me.” Steve lifted his gaze to look into Tony's kind face. The counselor smiled at him, but his eyes were sad.
“Fuck! Fuck, Steve! I’m coming!” Tony moaned, his voice rough. Awestruck, Steve watched Tony come again without prior warning, and it was just as fascinating as the first time. The white streaks of cum painted a lewd picture on Tony's abs. His hole became impossibly tight around Steve’s cock and then-
“Daddy, come on!” His daughter looked at him from within the tub. Her wet hair was already plastered to her forehead and she waved a hand at him to hurry up. “You are sooo slow!”
“This is gonna take ages. Mount your damn horse, Tony. You’re too slow,” James said after a while. He glared at Tony from atop his gray horse, obviously annoyed because he wasn’t fast enough for James’ liking.
The omega sat on a log by the campfire in the middle of a forest. His shoes were dirty, his pants were too, and there was a bloodstain on his mother’s button down. It was probably his own blood, though that didn’t really make it any better. He’d lost the necklace. Tony had lost his mother’s necklace.
“Look. We have guests.” Steve whispered into his skin. The white light from the TV illuminated his fair skin and hair mesmerizingly and his beautiful blue eyes drew Tony in like on the first day they had met. He was all gentleness and protective alpha, his edges soft in the intimacy of the night.
Surprised, Tony gasped and broke their kiss when he suddenly felt Steve’s hands on his ass, kneading the soft flesh. “Oh, for fucks sake… you’re fucking talented, Steve. Do that again,” Tony breathed against his lips, attempting a cheeky grin. His eyes were nearly black, his cheeks flushed and Steve could feel Tony’s hands tremble where he carded them through Steve’s short blonde hair. And Steve loved all of it. He was drunk on the sudden rush of adrenaline.
In case it wasn't obvious: I'm picturing Tony to be around 20 and Steve a few years older. Something between 25 and 30. owo
Tony smiled at their kids and Steve pulled him a bit tighter into his arms. Tony could feel his relief over their bond.
“Your luggage,” the robber who guarded the civilians and had cornered Tony suddenly said. “Hand it over.”
His mate’s scent filled his nose. Morgan and Harley seemed to smell it as well and they snuggled both a bit closer to their parents, recognizing the scent as
Unable to come up with a witty remark, Steve just grunted in response. He unsuccessfully tried to get rid of the pants that hid Tony’s dick from his sight without dislodging him. Tony just chuckled in delight and giggled at his struggles while making no move to help Steve get him out of his clothes.
Fascinated he looked at the pulsating flesh, followed the veins along the shaft with his eyes and marvelled at the beautifully shaped head where pre-cum glistened in the light. He was smaller than Steve, and he couldn’t wait to touch, kiss and taste it. Tony’s body was a work of art, from head to toe. The red of his swollen dick was a stark contrast to the dark hair of his happy trail that led downwards from Tony’s belly button to his crotch. How long he’d wanted to see this for himself. Steve would burn this image into his mind and never forget it.
And Peter? Well, Peter was happily chewing on the straw, perfectly content with the completely ridiculous situation.
To say the photoshoot was easy would have been a lie. Steve had trouble keeping up with the speed of the photographer, but he watched in awe how their son thrived in front of MJ’s lense. The noise of the crowded hall became a soft background hum. Steve almost forgot that they were surrounded by hundreds of people when he was about to get lost in Tony’s chocolate colored eyes.
Thor and Bruce exchanged worried looks from where they were standing by the astromechs. Tony’s voice had been a whisper at first, but in the end he was nearly shouting. Realizing that he was making a scene, Tony pressed his lips together tightly. In his amber eyes, Steve could see the same shadows that were looming within his own.
He'd seen how Commander Brock had ordered his troops to fire at him, his new robe had been burned and the first action he'd done as a Jedi Knight was to kill the clones, that had attacked his Master Erskine right in front of him. With Erskine's voice in his ears, yelling at him to run, he'd turned around and fled. Fear and anger and sorrow had threatened to drown him. With nothing but the clothes he'd been wearing, a few credits in his pocket and his beloved lightsaber he'd fled from the temple and stolen the first ship he'd seen from the hangar. Dead bodies and bloody stains were still haunting him in his dreams. The troopers he'd trusted with his life had killed everyone: the Masters of the High Council, the Knights and their Padawans, even the Jedi Younglings. Up until today he wasn't sure if anybody else had managed to survive the massacre in the temple Back then he hadn't known if Master Erskine had been able to run.
He had never felt like this before. It was confusing, and made him overly wary. And that was also what scared him the most.
“Don't be mean to each other, Harley,  Morgan, please." Tony raised an eyebrow at the kids until they mumbled apologies.
“Dum-E, get me the fusing pen, would you? And U, I need the bigger macrofuser, this one's not powerful enough. JARVIS, skip that song, I don't like Shag Kava, get me something that has little bit more power!” The music that had been playing in the background changed to something that Steve didn't recognize and wouldn't exactly define as music. Through the welding mask the voice of the mechanic sounded contorted. Noticing Steve and Clint standing by the doorway, he turned around to look at them through his mask. Motioning with his hands to the droids once more, he pushed the mess of wires back into the ship, pulled his gloves off and walked over to them.
(Also located on Coruscant, has an own building, every planetary system that is part of the Republic has a senator)
“I’m sorry, honey!” Steve apologized to his husband. “Almost done… Here you go.” Steve closed the button in Tony’s neck and let his hands wander over the black lace of the dress. “All done. You’re ready, Tony.”
They let Peter eat in silence and got sucked into the movie that was on. Peter had decided and they were unsurprisingly watching
Steve’s eyes wandered from Tony’s shocked expression at his shredded clothes to the healthy blush that spread from his cheeks down to his neck, over his sweaty wife-beater which had ridden up to reveal his abs, until he could finally openly stare at Tony’s erection that rested on Steve's belly
An incredibly soft smile grazed Tony’s lips. The omega snuggled closer to his alpha, purring softly, and their love washed over him like a gentle wave. Steve pressed another kiss to the top of his head.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, Dr Getz is a professional. You can trust her.” Tony tried to reassure his husband and patted his arm.
Their tongues battled for dominance for a heartbeat, but this time Steve let Tony win, succumbing to the pleasure and the heat. At least that way he had more time to concentrate on caressing that tantalizing body he had beneath his palms.
Absentmindedly, Tony looked out of the window of the train and saw villages, houses and forests blend together. He really was in the middle of nowhere, he thought. But the early afternoon sun was still beautiful, bathing everything in a golden glow.
“You know, usually wooden horse-drawn constructions where normal people sit?” Tony gesticulated around, trying to get his point across. Was the sheriff playing dumb?
“You’re right, jellybean, you’re right.” Tony pressed out between laughter. He held tightly onto Steve’s arms around his middle and his stomach muscles started to hurt from laughing so much. He needed another moment to collect himself before he looked at his pouting children that were sitting on the other side of the bathtub and glared at them. “It’s so sweet that you care about your brother so much. But it’s not that kind of hurt, Morgan.”
The omega didn’t want to spend any more time than necessary with the group. Those people were strangers and he didn’t have a good track record of making friends. He only needed to get to the next train station and then he could finally leave all of this behind him, including the nightmare that was his almost-husband and the alpha sheriff who managed to make his head spin with his weird scent.
“I’m sorry,” the guy started. “We didn’t mean to be impolite. We’re just, I mean, we… umm, I’m sorry, I don’t really know where to start. We’ve never met an, umm, an omega before and, well-”
Tony had done a double take when he had accidentally walked in on his husband placing band-aids on his red and abused nipples in their bathroom a week ago. It had been very embarrassing for both parties involved. For Steve because his husband had found him shirtless and with little rainbow colored band-aid Xs over his nipples, and for Tony because he’d gotten a boner in record time.
On the coffee table in front of them was a sheet of paper with a drawing, clearly made by children's hands. It showed five stick-figures. Two big ones, one middle sized and two small figures. Everyone wore something red, because Morgan loved red clothes. There was a green mess beneath the stick-figures' feet, most probably grass and a yellow sun in one corner. One single blue cloud was in the other corner. Harley's handwriting filled the free space above the stick figures, where the sky began.
Tony felt his heart stop in his chest and he stared at his son in horror. He felt Steve tense up behind him as well.
The red fabric was already thin and it was a bit worn from many intense snuggling sessions. But Morgan loved it. Everyone of their children had one of those Tsums. Morgan liked to drag hers along to preschool. Harley kept his Captain America Tsum in his bed all the time. And Peter's was sitting on his windowsill next to his potted plants, after he'd claimed that he was too old for plushies. Seeing them always brought a smile to Tony's lips. Tony vividly remembered the moments when Steve had gifted the Tsum Tsums to their newborn children, when he had visited Tony in the labor and delivery unit of the hospital over the years.
"Tony… Tony… are you- are you okay? Tony? Doll?" Steve needed a moment to find his voice again, after the most intense sex he'd ever had. He searched Tony's face for any sign of discomfort but could only find an expression full of satisfaction.
“You’re lucky I love you,” Steve deadpanned, rocking their baby gently. Peter waved his little fists at his fathers, looking like an angel, now that he’d finally gotten what he’d wanted all along.
“Steve… Wha-” Tony panted against his ear. His hands flexed in Steve’s hair. “What are you-” Tony’s words were cut off when Steve continued to grab the seams of his briefs for real this time and pulled. The fabric slipped into the crack of Tony’s ass like a thick thong, creating wonderful friction on his balls and hole. Tony spasmed on top of him, his nails digging into Steve’s shoulders, leaving red marks that would be gone within minutes.
Relishing the moment of quiet and the fact that he could move without someone telling him to hold still, he pulled his husband into his arms, ran his hands over his back, and followed its soft curve. Tony smiled at him and raised his hand to Steve’s lips.
It was Clint who broke the sudden silence. He came over to stand behind Natasha. “Could have been our man. He’s known for train robberies."
The man with the wild brown hair removed his hand and the Padawan already missed the contact. He looked up and felt his cheeks flush at the compliment.
“O-oh… Hello there. Well, what do we have here,” Tony chuckled deeply, blushing slightly. The air between them became charged. "But you're right, this time, Steve... Bring it on." And with that he leaned in.
"Shut the fuck up and start moving, Rogers!" Tony commanded and tightened around Steve, empathizing his words.
The whispered confession left his lips and maybe it was the spur of the moment that made him wear his heart on his sleeve. Carefully he reached out for Tony and gently brushed his knuckles over the other's cheek in a loving motion. He felt the stubble of his beard and smiled. “It suits you. The beard I mean. It looks good.”
Tony smiled and helped her sit back down in the warm water. "Harley? Sure you don't need help?" Tony offered his son to sit before him, but of course the boy declined.
A gust of wind that let the leaves around him rustle prompted him to hurry up. Shivering, Tony practically jumped into the borrowed clothes. The pants fit him rather well, but the shirt was huge and hung from his slender frame like a dress. He tucked it into the pants and it didn't look that horrible anymore. Thank God it went up to his neck and covered the scar tissue completely. The scarf went around his shoulders to shield him from the cold wind, and he could not be more grateful. He scratched over his cheek and cringed at the stubble that he felt growing there. His razor had been in the suitcase that the train robbers had taken. What he’d give for a bowl of warm water, soap and a mirror right now. But on the other hand he should maybe consider growing a beard. It would be a good disguise.
“I can hear you talking about me!” Tony exploded and turned around to glare at the two men that were talking behind him. “You really need to learn how to talk in a whisper!”
“Clint, get down!” Steve yelled at their pilot who was firing shot after shot at their attackers. The force user lifted the heavy, scrapped power droid from behind his friend and flung it at their attackers, creating an obstacle and knocking out three troopers. “Get the others and start the ship! We need to escape! Now!”
Next to Peter was Harley, wearing his green PJs and only one sock. He snored quietly and held tightly onto Peter’s side. He had brought his favorite blanket with him, which was draped over the two brothers. And on the other side was Morgan, sleeping with her head in Steve’s lap. She had a death grip on her Tsum Tsum plushie and Steve gently carded his fingers through her soft hair.
Tony stopped again and hung his head while he waited for the others to stop laughing. In the end he just followed the group into the hopefully right direction. Soon the others had found their pace and started talking idly with each other. Tony was the last of the group and couldn’t understand what they were talking about, but frankly, he also didn’t care much.
The brunet let his hands wander over his own silhouette, a little self-conscious. “Really? I don’t look stupid?”
Steve had put his bag of supplies on the ground next to his feet and was about to take the man's hand in a greeting, when he looked into the eyes of the stranger. But he was no stranger. The moment their hands met in mid-air a spark of something hit Steve's core, like a certain piece of a puzzle clicked into place.
“Hey, Steve. Clint says the next opportunity to land is on Tatooine. We'll be there in about an hour.” The Twi'lek waited for him to nod in response. “Maybe you want to change out of
Tony shuddered when his fist closed around his member. “S-Steve, don’t… ‘m gonna co-” Tony gasped and spasm on top of him. His eyes were screwed shut, a blissed out expression on his face. Every muscle in his body seemed to tense up for a moment and Tony’s mouth hung slightly open. With a choked-off moan he came all over Steve’s hand and his abs. With his own fingers still shoved inside of him, Tony slowly came back, shivering slightly.
Without warning, the robber slammed his gun to Tony’s temple, hard enough that he saw stars for a moment. Tony held onto his throbbing head and groaned as he sank to the floor of the train compartment. His vision swam and dark spots appeared before his eyes.
Shortly after, the little family left the doctor’s office with a prescription for an antibiotic ointment and instructions to leave Steve’s poor, abused nipples alone for at least a week. Tony and Steve were both grateful for medical confidentiality.
up here. Tony felt the sheriff shift backwards a bit to give him some space. One of Rogers’ arms sneaked around his middle to hold him steady. Tony wanted to protest at first, but the horse was rather wobbly, so he didn’t start a fuss and simply let it happen.
“Believe me, the feeling is mutual,” Tony hummed, obviously perfectly content with his spot on top of Steve.
Steve didn't dare to think about what might have happened to Tony. The senate consultant must have been on his way to meet Steve, when all hell had broken loose. The thought of Tony being slaughtered because of him was his worst nightmare.
(A top secret order, the clone army of the Galactic Republic attacked and killed every Jedi, Padawan and youngling without warning.)
Tony chuckled and rose on his tiptoes to be able to press a peck to his husband’s cheek. “I love you, muffin. Don’t worry about it. Dr Getz will save you and your gorgeous nipples. And on the way home we’ll get some burgers from Mcdonalds, okay? Will that cheer you up?”
“It’s- it’s… How do I explain it…” Tony scratched his chin. His hands were already all pruney from the warm water. “It’s a warm and fuzzy feeling. Right here.” He tapped his own chest over the mess of scars in the middle, remnants of his attempted assasination many years ago.
An insistent knocking disturbed the two lovebirds and Steve reluctantly let go of Tony’s ass to open the door of the small changing room. Their eighteen year old son stood in the doorway, wearing a black skater dress with long sleeves and white cuffs and collar, combined with black tights and boots. His brown hair was hidden beneath a braided, black wig and Steve would swear their son was wearing eyeliner. His nails were painted the same red as Tony’s, but he’d refrained from putting on lipstick.
The foam danced on the surface of the water and the whole room smelled flowery and fresh, like a fruit basket. The white tiles beneath Tony's feet were warm and he held a stack of fluffy towels in his arms that he deposited on the small chair next to the bathtub. The wet clothes of his children were in the hamper in the corner and JARVIS switched the radio on. Old rock classics played quietly in the background, and Jim Morrison's deep voice filled the room.
The corners of her mouth just barely lifted when Tony told her about the situation at hand and how it had come to this, since Steve sat embarrassed and tongue-tied in front of the middle-aged woman with his shirt unbuttoned, exposing his red nipples for the world to see. The doctor’s assistant on the other hand could barely hold in her laughter, and Dr Getz stumbled three times over her words when she asked her to either pull herself together or leave the room. Choking on her laughter and apologies, the young woman quickly left them alone.
Steve turned around and went to stand at the small display in the wall, on the other side of the sitting area, where Bruce and Thor were cleaning the medical equipment. He tapped on the screen a few times to bring up the information about the Mos Eisley space port where they would be landing. But his mind was elsewhere. Whenever they had been fighting and the blaster fire was still ringing in his ears, he thought back to the day when his whole world had been crushed.
Slowly they eased their grips on each other and Steve watched Tony's face closely when they pulled apart. Stories were edged in his face, in every small wrinkle and scar, probably not all of them good-natured. But those brown eyes that looked at him with the same warmth like all those years ago drew him in and- “I thought I'd never see you again. I was so scared, Tony. It's embarrassing to admit, but I've never been more scared in my live than when I thought I was responsible for your death. I always wondered what had happened to you that day.”
“Steve, how often do I have to tell you to call me Tony when we're alone?” The consultant of the senate laid a gentle hand on his skinny shoulder. He was a few years older than Steve and a well-known and welcomed guest on Coruscant, the political capital of the Galactic Republic.
“Alright. Give me a minute, you three.” Steve stood up again and shook his head fondly at them. He shrugged out of his wet pants and sweater and struggled with the soaked socks.
Tony stared at the proffered hand in front of him. The offer was tempting. But Tony was a proud omega, and accepting a foreign alpha’s help -even if he was married- was embarrassing. He shook his head. "Thank you, but I'd rather not. This- this is not decorous."
The last few times it had always been Tony who’d been responsible for cutting Peter’s hair, but Steve’s husband was away on a three week business trip to Malibu. And Peter’s hair -especially the bangs- had become so long that it touched his shoulders. He couldn’t even see anything anymore without an alice hair band. The boy desperately needed a haircut.
Steve let his hands wander down once more, to where Tony’s thigh met his ass and the brunet willingly spread his legs even further for him. He pressed Tony’s lower body against his own, rubbing their arousals against each other’s bodies. They moaned in union at the feeling. With his other hand Steve followed the crack of Tony’s ass down to his balls, where his own erection rested against the soft flesh.
Steve made his way over to where Bruce sat, the only doctor on the team. The Mirialan was currently patching up Thor's shoulder who had a flesh wound from a stray blaster shot from the last fight on his shoulder. The green-skinned man with glasses and dark hair looked up at him when he came over. Thor's long hair was pulled up into a messy bun, allowing Bruce to work properly.
Nevertheless, Tony and Steve were both bull-headed and bossy. Of course they still clashed, traded barbs and occasionally continued their fights in the gym, but that was just who they were. It was what defined their friendship. With time though, their arguments had mostly become friendly bantering and oftentimes they clowned around more than they really sparred in the boxing ring.
Tony took the reins of the horse, trying to figure out what he was supposed to do with it. Before he could ask, the sheriff stepped aside and went to another horse. Tony turned around and saw how all of the group members started mounting their horses and he and the sheriff were the only ones left standing.
His companions were currently busy forcing the other passengers to hand over their valuables in order to keep their lives. From the corner of his eye, Tony saw a young mother try to soothe her crying child, while an old married couple shielded their grandson. The train attendant was knocked out cold.
“No way, I can come again. And I want it, Steve, I want you,” Tony told him stubbornly and proceeded to feel for Steve’s huge dick behind him. Steve wanted to gently protest again, not wanting to accidentally hurt Tony when he was clearly on his way to overstimulation. But before he could say anything else, Tony had rightened himself and the tip of Steve’s cock brushed over Tony’s entrance when he lifted himself up. It made the blonde gasp, and Steve tried to give Tony’s spent dick as much attention as he was currently able to summit, hoping to get him to full hardness again, so he could enjoy what would follow now.
“Hooray!” Peter bounced on his stool and nearly fell over. Steve hurriedly grabbed him, just in time before he could get hurt. Peter giggled, not at all worried.
Grinning, the sheriff handed him the reins of a black horse. Tony vainly tried to ignore how those blue eyes sparkled with amusement. “Here you go. You can take Labella. She’s not the youngest, but reliable if a little iffy at times. Just don’t touch her ears and you should be fine.”
Tony stood up and shuffled to the kitchen silently. He was only wearing sweatpants and one of Steve’s tees. The cool floor beneath his naked feet was cold. On the clock on the wall the brunet saw that it was barely 4am. When he reached the open doorway, Tony nearly fell flat on his face when he laid eyes on his husband and his current…
Steve could no longer hear the voices around them and dipped Tony to kiss him deeply. Strong arms wrapped around his neck and he closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of his husband in his arms and knowing that tonight they would make good use of the separate hotel room they had booked for themselves.
Tony looked between the sheriff and his deputy who still glared at him. James didn't trust him, that much was obvious. Neither did the sheriff. But on the other hand the blonde looked and smelled much more friendly.
Tony stood there a little awkwardly and shifted nervously. What if the sheriff saw him changing? What would it feel like to have an alphas gaze trained on him? Also, didn't he have a special someone waiting for him at home? Tony had heard too many stories that had been whispered among the omegas in the city.
Now that the two small troublemakers were sleeping, Tony started to worry about their eldest. Steve hadn't seen Peter since this morning and neither had Tony. He was about to open his mouth and address JARVIS, when he heard the telltale sound of wet clothes and the ping of the elevator doors opening. The pair came to a halt in the hallway and watched as Peter stepped out of the elevator cabin, drenched and shuddering.
Their children didn’t say anything. They just sat with their parents in the warm water. The family relaxed in the safety of their home, knowing that they were surrounded by people who loved them. The storm outside had still not ceased but was now merely a white background noise. Tony could see the thoughts spinning in Morgan’s and Harley’s heads. He was happy that the two of them cared so much for their brother. Secretly Tony hoped that their oldest son would soon come home. He longed to pull him into his arms, and tell him just how loved he was.
(war between the Republic and the Separatists, Jedi and Clone Trooper against Sith and Battle Droids)
This question had bugged Steve the whole day. As much as he wanted to live his newfound life with Tony, we was still an Avenger. He sighed deeply, knowing that he couldn’t avoid it any longer. There was nothing he wanted more than to stay in the moment, with Tony before him and the heat of Tatooine’s sun on his skin and the quiet rustling of his team around him. Here in Tony’s workshop he could almost pretend that the galaxy didn’t need him anymore.
“This is nice.” He told him quietly and closed his eyes. Bubbles were clinging to their chests and shoulders. Steve’s thighs to his right and his left felt right, as if they had always been meant to fit together like this.
“Peter, hey.” Steve welcomed him with a smile. He tugged on Tony’s hand and stepped forward until the alpha could ruffle Peter’s wet hair. The teen was still a full head shorter than Tony, but next to Steve he looked even smaller, no matter how much he’d grown those last few months. “We missed you at dinner.”
"I'm glad. I’d feel bad if I had to leave you behind," the alpha said after he'd caught his breath again and pulled a duffel bag forward that Tony hadn't noticed before. "Sam, Bruce and I scraped some clothes together that we thought could maybe fit you. It's not much, but definitely better suited for a road trip than what you're wearing at the moment."
The children had gone quiet, both pondering over what their parents had just told them. The only sound in the warm bathroom was the sound of the music in the background and the soft popping sounds of the bubbles.
Tony held on tightly to the mug that the one-armed man had given him so that his hands stopped trembling. Mead, he mused. It was good. It numbed the pain.
Tony listened to their light-hearted bantering for a moment before he returned his tired gaze to Natasha. Keeping his eyes open became harder with every minute. His escape from the wedding ceremony had been dangerous and chaotic. The fact that he'd almost been shot didn't make it any better. Tony didn't know how long or how far he'd run until he'd just collapsed. Every sound or movement had made him think that he'd been found by the alpha that he'd nearly married, so he'd continued and continued until he could no longer walk upright and he'd blacked out.
“He’s dead to the world. Not even the Hulk could wake him now.” Steve welcomed him in his embrace after Tony had closed the bedroom door quietly behind him. They were both wearing fluffy bathrobes over their PJs.
His team was aware of the risk they were taking by flying directly into enemy territory and they had all agreed that it was necessary. But still… hearing it from someone else’s mouth in broad daylight was unnerving at best.
But now the blonde had to do it himself and every strand he cut off was just making it worse. Whatever he’d done -he didn’t even know what exactly he’d done- was no longer something that qualified as being called a haircut. Steve was afraid that he’d have to explain to Peter’s kindergarten teacher why their son would come to school bald if he didn’t stop worsening it soon. Preferably right now.
Hesitantly Tony followed the blonde giant, aware how everyone watched them. He crossed his arms over his chest and stared at the ground, feeling like a kid that was being chided by its father in front of the whole family.
“Nice to meet you just-Tony. My name’s Natasha.” She offered him her hand and Tony took it. “And that’s James and Clint.” She motioned towards the two tattletales before pointing at the other side of the camp, where three others tried to pretend to be asleep. “That’s Bruce, Sam and Thor.”
Tony let his fingers wander over the lace. “It was my mother’s,” he whispered. He was too tired to make a witty remark. Though it wasn’t just sentimentality that let him keep it.
“But he knows that! I gave him my Star Wars comic for his birthday!” Harley frowned at Steve and Tony had to suppress a snicker at his affronted face.
But Rogers…he smelled so different. It was a scent that Tony wanted to explore, to breathe in and to taste on his tongue. He wanted it to fill his nose and lungs. It was a forbidden wish, a taboo. The golden ring on the sheriff’s hand told him that he had a mate waiting for him at home.
Harley fiddled with his water gun, oblivious and not paying attention to his fathers’ silent panic attack. “We heard Peter talk to Ned about it. He said he has a crush and that it really hurts. So, of course he is in the hospital. Dad, you always say that we need to go to a doctor when it hurts, right? And Peter said it hurts a looot. Morgan heard it too!”
When Tony finally pulled off with a guttural sound that seemed to come from deep within his chest, a string of saliva and pre-cum connected his bottom lip with Steve's cock. He didn't go far, his face hovered just a few inches above Steve's member. It was the most enticing picture that Steve had ever seen, and he was secretly hoping that that image didn't awaken anything in him. "God, Tony that was…" he managed between gasps.
It wasn't that Steve hadn't noticed it before, because he had, he wasn't stupid after all. He just hadn't paid that much attention to it up until now, when he and Stark had been nothing but teammates and frenemies, men who were forced to work together but still tried to rile each other up as much as possible. But now that the team had started living together in Tony’s tower (this hadn’t been Steve’s idea, God forbid!) this whatever it was between them… it had shifted. And now Steve couldn't not notice it everywhere.
. But then they had somehow started to work together and before Tony could blink twice, he’d fallen for Steve. Their love story had been a rollercoaster, but every day together was a gift for Tony. He’d thought their wedding was the best thing in the world that could happen to him, but just a few years later Peter had been on the way.
“Kiss me, baby,” he whispered, softer than intended. If possible, Tony turned even redder at his words and promptly pressed his lips to Steve’s with a happy little chuckle. It was a soft intermission to their frantic need from just a moment ago. The kiss began slow and gentle but of course it turned filthy again very soon, with both of them still being hard and desperate.
“Your brother has a crush.” Steve started with a smile in his voice, and Morgan and Harley nodded dutifully. “That's another word for when you’re in love with someone. You don’t have to go to the hospital when that happens.”
“Buck, don’t be mean,” the sheriff suddenly intervened. Tony hadn’t even noticed him slowing down so he was on the same level as Tony. The alpha offered a friendly if temptative smile to Tony. He was about to tell him to mind his own damn business when he beat him to the draw. “Come one. You really are slow, Tony, and we need to get going. I’ll take you with me on Dawn. He’s strong enough to carry us both.”
Two hours after Steve officially became a Jedi Knight and a full member of the Order, a clone commander that had been guarding the entrance to the Jedi temple with his unit, pointed his blaster gun at his head and Steve heard the faint sound of a hologram in the hands of another clone trooper. It showed the Republic's Supreme Chancellor.
Their lips parted and Tony kissed him within an inch of his life as his tongue explored Steve's mouth. The combination of Tony's soft lips and the scratch of his goatee was sending sparks down Steve’s body that only managed to rile him up further. Spit and sweat mixed and Steve drew a deep breath through his nose, closing his eyes and losing himself in the feeling of Tony for a moment.
Another few moments in which Tony tried to gather his wits passed, before he could finally breathe and attempt to speak again. Then the brunet came over to his beloved, and pressed his face to Steve’s naked shoulder. Giggling, he kissed the muscles under Steve’s pale skin. Lovestruck and still giggling, Tony looked at the toddler and gently rubbed his hand over the baby’s belly.
Peter had looked forward to this day for weeks. Ever since he’d started with this hobby, he’d begged them to accompany him to a convention once. Admittedly, Steve had been confused at first, with the whole dressing up, contact lenses, wigs, make up and all that stuff, even though it wasn’t Halloween. But Peter’s eyes had sparkled with joy when he’d explained to his parents how much fun it was to be able to transform into another person with just a few hours of work. After that, it hadn’t taken a lot of convincing them to agree to come along.
“Steve… I-” Tony swallowed hard. The raging war in the galaxy was nothing compared to the war in his soul. “You have no idea how much I want to say yes. No idea, Steve… But this. This is my new life. I have a workshop, a house, my droids, my work, my… I can’t leave. I wanted to start anew here, far away from Coruscant and far away from the war.”
He couldn’t. Tony had pushed all of his buttons, and Steve was not able to stop. And the most exciting thing was that he knew that he didn't need to try and stop. Tony took him like there was no tomorrow, and encouraged him to go even deeper. This was what both of them wanted.
pretty fancy. Who’d want to wear that voluntarily with all the ruffles and trinkets? It looks itchy. You should throw it away.”
"Hahaha, that's what I'd call a brush-off, Sheriff," laughed Clint somewhere behind them. The whole group started giggling and Tony ran over to where he could already hear the river flowing softly. He didn’t stay to hear the rest of the conversation.
Blinking, the two men paused for a second and realized that their noses were almost touching. Tony’s eyes were huge and dark and dancing with arousal and mirth. Steve grinned at him dopily. He couldn’t help himself, he was just so damn happy. His left hand squeezed Tony’s butt once more, before it followed Tony’s spine to gently grab the back of his delicate neck.
They found him again, surrounded by dozens of people, all asking for a photo and his autograph. The pair waited a few steps behind him, until their son was alone again.
Tony started laughing again. He had to lay his head on Steve’s chest because he couldn’t keep himself upright any longer. The brunet had a stitch in his side and his cheeks hurt from grinning. Tears of joy pricked his eyes and in this moment he realized how much he’d missed his family during those long three weeks in Malibu. Texts and video calls just weren’t enough.
The alpha kissed him tenderly. It was light as a butterfly and yet deeper than the ocean. Years had passed and with every moment they shared, less words were needed between them. The words they did use held a meaning more truthful than anything.
"God bless America," Tony breathed in awe. With his free hand on Steve's chest, he writhed until he could look over his shoulder and down to where Steve's dick cheerily peeked out from between his asscheeks like the world's most inappropriate version of peekaboo. "No wonder they gave you a shield and not a sword, because that dick is a weapon in itself."
The sheriff was talking to one of the deputies. Tony thought his name was Thor, but he hadn’t had any opportunity to talk to him yet, and he wasn’t sure if he really wanted to. If his nose hadn’t assured him that the guy wasn't an alpha then he wouldn’t have believed Natasha when she’d told him that he was a beta. Thor was huge, even bigger than the sheriff, though he smiled more and seemed less tense than Rogers.
She nodded and joined her husband, who was checking in on the young mother and her baby, but not without making Tony promise to let her know if he felt sick.
The warmth of the lilac water was balm for his aching back. Tony always felt his own age after pulling a long allnighter in the workshop. As an omega in his mid-forties he wasn’t old per se, but when he looked at his children growing up so fast, he felt ancient. With a quiet groan he sat down and leaned back against the wall of the bathtub.
Tony blinked at the two and his mouth opened so his lips formed a small “o”. Then he looked up to Steve again and searched his eyes for help. But the alpha was just as stumped for an answer as Tony was. Tony looked at the children again and tried to find the right words. He certainly did not expect to have to answer that particular question so soon.
“Th-thank you,” Tony mumbled after a while because he felt the need to at least thank the man. Being carried by the sheriff’s horse beat walking by miles.
“Good. Or I would’ve had to punch you again.” She then accepted a mug of tea from Bruce and motioned for Tony to sit beside her. Tony threw a quick glance at the sheriff and saw him watching him attentively, so he complied and took his place next to her.
“Oh, you like that, big guy?” Tony asked, the grin audible in his voice. Then he proceeded to experimentally tweak Steve’s nipples, watching closely for every reaction.
“Well, Peter wanted to try it for himself after I was done cutting his hair. Dodger needed a haircut as well, so…” Steve shrugged and smiled at a gobsmacked Tony.
Morgan and Harley looked at each other with big eyes. Both of them had foam in their hair and faces. Their daughter had a death grip on the rubber ducks she called her own and Harley clutched his diving goggles to his small chest. Their staring contest lasted for all of a minute before they looked back at Steve and Tony, determination glinting in their eyes.
The soldier could feel the weight and the heat of Tony’s naked body on his own unfortunately still clothed belly, when the engineer sat up on top of Steve, with his hands splayed over Steve’s chest to hold himself upright. Tony towered over him now, his smaller frame curving upwards elegantly. He was leaner than Steve, shorter and slimmer than him, but still muscular from years of hard work, training and fighting. Steve wanted to kiss and touch every inch, caress that small frame and make Tony see stars.
“He couldn’t just leave him where he found him. He’s injured and was unconscious. Hey, don’t look at me like that.”
Only Steve was allowed to see them. And his alpha loved them. At those times when Tony was feeling insecure, he would kneel before him and kiss them.
What had he done in his previous life for his current one taking twists and turns faster than he could blink? One morning he was happily chatting with his mother, the next he was being robbed on a train on his way into the unknown. Sometimes Tony hated his life.
“You are both idiots,” a new voice chimed in. The only woman of the group came over and shoved the blonde beta away. Grumbling, the man stood up again and the red-headed alpha woman took his spot. “Just ignore them. They’re mostly harmless if also clueless. Omegas are rare here in the countryside, that’s why they’re behaving like pubescent morons.”
“Unfortunately it’s not that easy, jellybean.” Tony petted her wet hair. “Imagine that Peter tells the person that he’s in love with that he cares for them. And then they say that they don’t care for your brother in return. Wouldn’t that make Peter really sad?”
“No need to deny the obvious, Rogers, not when you're dick-deep inside of me." Tony snickered. Then he suddenly looked bashful. "Actually, Nat and Clint have placed bets on who would finally do the first move, and I was hoping I'd read the signs right… with this, us, you know, the whole- the whole feelings shtick really isn't my speciality. But I was hoping you'd make the first move… And I wasn't disappointed." Tony ducked his head a little and kissed Steve's throat and his collarbones instead of continuing. He was blushing adorably. It looked good on Tony. Everything looked good on Tony in Steve's opinion. He looked even better in nothing.
"Bon Appétit" was all the warning he got before Tony unceremoniously bent down. Steve had perhaps two seconds to admire Tony's flexibility before he felt the engineer's hands on his hip and shaft and a warm tongue on the tip of his dick. With gentle kitten licks, Tony caressed it, and Steve saw the droplets of his pre-come vanish in Tony's pink mouth.
The next time he opened his eyes, the end credits were rolling over the screen. Steve was still awake, watching not the movie but Tony. The omega blinked blearily up at him and received a kiss to the forehead in greeting, when he lifted his head from where he had been dozing.
“Carriage? What do you mean?” Rogers didn’t look over from where he was checking the cinch of his saddle.
A half relieved and half hysteric laugh bubbled from within Tony’s chest and Steve exhaled deeply behind him. The momentary panic that had been building in his chest dissipated and Tony laughed even harder at his children’s confused looks.
“M-maybe, I mean, do you want to- to stop here today?” Steve asked, knowing that he was too far gone to be able to calm his dick down now, but willing to try if that was what Tony wanted from him. Never before he’d been this aroused.
The sheriff was a polite man, well-mannered and calm. Sure, he looked a little intimidating and he towered above Tony -which wasn’t really that hard, he’d always been on the short side of life- but if he was honest with himself (which he wasn’t very often) then he might have admitted that
Everyone whipped around at the sound and before the dust could settle again the first blaster fire started.
His own cock throbbed in the confines of his pants, but Steve wasn’t willing to let go of Tony long enough to free himself yet. Too tempting was the slim body above him, with all of its curves and inches of perfect, smooth skin. The base of his spine tingled in excitement.
“You know, he’s going to hate you for this once he hits puberty and looks at the pictures, right?” Tony raised an amused eyebrow.
His mother had gifted it to him. It had been her gown when she’d married Tony’s father all those years ago. She’d had it altered so it fitted Tony, shortly before she- well, before she was gone.
“I- I fully- I fully blame you for that…” Tony gasped, wrecked and disheveled. His hand in his ass had stilled as he tried to catch his breath. A stray drop of cum was slowly rolling down Tony’s thigh. “You- Steve, you’re so- so-”
“You know, usually I’d insist on you buying me dinner first, but when an opportunity like this presents itself...” Tony told him between kisses, smirking, and circled his hips slightly. It made Steve moan. “I might not get it up again right away, but apparently you’re not just super-sized, but also don’t have any refractory period. This literally fucking screams for another round. What do you say, Steve?”
The group became silent and Natasha punched Clint. He yelped and rubbed over his aching shoulder. “Ouch, you evil witch! That hurt!”
Sometime around the scene where Leia, Luke, Han and Chewbacca ended up in the trash compactor on the Death Star, Tony felt himself get overpowered by fatigue. His hand laid on Steve’s thigh and his head on the alpha’s shoulder. Surrounded by the scent of his family he fell asleep, content.
“Tony!” Steve gasped around his name and closed his eyes for a moment, when those delicate and deft fingers found his nipples.
Tony didn't want to leave his son alone now, and was glad when Peter smiled at him. And this time it was a bit more genuine. “Sure, thanks, dad. It's been a while since pops made spaghetti.”
“Tony! Yes, yes, Tony, I'm alive and you're here and...” Steve hugged him a bit tighter to his chest and tucked the smaller's head in the crook of his neck. Tony arched his back to accommodate their positions since Steve was now a few inches taller than him. The blonde felt numb from overwhelming happiness.
Steve looked just as exhausted as Tony felt, but he was still the most beautiful man on the planet. He was standing shirtless in the kitchen, cradling their four month old baby boy in his arms. Next to him on the kitchen counter stood a few items that Tony could identify as tools for preparing formula. The whole picture would have been the most adorable thing in the world, if Steve hadn’t taped a small
“Okay,” Steve agreed with a lazy smile and one raised eyebrow. “I’ll need something greasy and unhealthy after this. I can already feel it.”
The three of them were laughing and fooling around, making a mess until the foam of the bubble bath was on the wall and the tiled floor around them. The evil beard dragon had captured Harley and the unicorn princess was trying to find her rubber ducks to save them from their father's beard.
“It's my pleasure, Steve. I need to go now unfortunately, but I'm looking forward to see you again soon. And by then you will be a Jedi.” Steve was suddenly pulled tightly into a brief hug. His head was tucked under Tony's chin and he felt the soft surface of his clothes on his cheeks. It was over too soon for his liking and Tony pulled back. But his hands remained on Steve's slim shoulders. There was something in Tony's eyes that he couldn't identify, a flash of emotion. He opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something else but he bit his lips and swallowed his words. “Be safe, Padawan Rogers. May the Force be with you.”
"You can close your eyes for a while. It's gonna take some time until we reach the outskirts of the forest," Rogers told him quietly. His deep voice was like a lullaby. "Don't worry. I'll make sure that you won't fall."
A soft sound pulled him from his memories of the first time he’d held his first child in his arms, when Steve appeared in the doorway, smiling softly. The alpha had brought Harley to bed. No matter how often the eight year old had claimed that he wasn’t tired… his huge yawns had not convinced anyone. All too soon he’d fallen asleep in his pops’ arms after putting on his PJs.
It took Tony a few seconds to respond to the sudden action but once he'd caught up with him, he was returning the hug fiercely. “Steve! Fuck! You're alive! Steve, you're alive! And you're here and- Steve, I thought you were dead! I thought I'd lost you when they- when they were… and then you...”
A loud throat clearing behind him popped the little bubble that they had been in and Steve whirled around to look at Clint who was still standing next to them. His shit eating grin was enough that Steve reluctantly took his hand from Tony's face and unsure what he should do with it now that he had it back, he rubbed it uneasily over his neck. “Uh, Tony this is Clint.” He nodded at the Zabrak. “He's our pilot and one hell of a marksman.”
