“Yeah it doesn’t work that way but you get an A for effort.” Amused, he picked up their dirty dishes and carried them to the sink. “I’m up for the other things you want to do though. But I—we should also talk about getting me home.”
Shaking his head, he pinched the bridge of his nose and slouched in his chair with a small smile. Here he was a kid from Brooklyn having seen so many crazy things, now worrying whether it was right or wrong to check out the woman who was basically his friend gone too soon. Tony Prime would be laughing his ass off if he knew, teasing Steve mercilessly about it. Hell he and Natasha were probably in Heaven giggling like school children about the whole thing.
“Not having one.” Bucky studies his only extant hand. “I haven’t had a right arm since 1944. The arm they gave me - the new one too - they just hid that. I lost it. It’s gone.”
Now Tony admits it’s Steve’s. Only now that it’s damaged, no longer a symbol of righteousness. Steve glowers and flips the shield from its resting place into his hand. He tries not to relish the ghost of fear that flickers across Stark’s face. The simple weight of the shield on his arm is anchoring, like the return of a missing limb he never realized was gone. It feels like courage.
It’s a repeat of an expose from four years ago that the news cycle has dragged back into relevance. It casts her as little red riding hood and the hungry wolf alike, complete with speculative commentary and interviews from those few who have claimed to have survived her. The names of her alleged victims scrawl across the bottom of the screen like ticker tape. It makes the list seem endless.
“Really?” Tony tucked his tools away. “I must have skipped that Sunday School lesson.”
Steve feels a spike of arousal so intense he’s ashamed. It’s forgotten a moment later when Tony finds what he’s looking for and his fist loosely encloses Steve’s erection to stroke as he tongues at the join between thigh and hip. The warm, wet sensation jostles the last of the fight loose in Steve. He breathes through the mounting anticipation as Tony gradually moves closer and closer...
“I’d forgotten you’d know.”
After four months of Richards and Strange running experiments, Peter had disappeared through the veil and wasn’t kicked back. He reappeared two minutes and forty-three seconds later in central Philadelphia. He insisted he’d been on the other side for two and a half days.
“Harsh.”
He didn’t go back.
,” Steve growls. At least Stark’s erection is interested in the proceedings because Steve’s lost hope of this being any comfort to either of them.
She’s standing stock still in the middle of the room. “I was visiting the North Wing well before you. Why did you think I had night access to give you in the first place?”
his mind remembers from some dark box labelled before. Then he gathers his courage and seals his mouth over Stark’s.
(Steve never thought he was the type of man who’d lie to himself but then again he never thought he was the type to lie.)
“Are you alright?” Sam asked shrewdly once Steve had made his rounds.
Hunger and thirst were unwanted intrusions; barely recognized. His stomach rumbled when he forgot to eat which was often. Sometimes he skipped meals deliberately to punish his body for surrendering to the marching orders of time. For all his lapses, his muscle tone never lessened, his skin never sallowed. The Cursed wound hadn’t even left a scar. There were no dark circles under his eyes to betray the long stretches he spent awake, patiently waiting for Tony’s return so their two-step could recommence.
The room dims immediately. “
“Alright,” Steve feels his voice rise to fill up the room and the ocean of space between them. “
Real life rarely was.
He didn’t mean Steve. He meant Bucky. Steve had screamed inside and swallowed it down. He couldn’t let Bucky go alone. What were all Steve’s pride and principles worth next to his best friend’s life? Nothing, as it turns out. He’d turned into the type of hypocrite he’d always hated - someone who claimed sacrifices were necessary but couldn’t make any of their own. He couldn’t sacrifice Bucky’s chance.
“Why do you keep visiting if you’re never going to forgive him?” Steve can’t help but raise his voice back. “If it’s you being cruel for the sake of it, stop. Just… stop.”
His orbit changed. His basement lab was taken over by Reed and Bruce for the veil. Doctor Strange still dropped by weekly as if unable to break the habit. Logan of all people became a near permanent fixture in the Mansion. He’d never been a prominent fan of the Avengers or Tony in particular but now he’d lounge around the common areas at all hours. Steve was never sure if he was there for food or poker or Tony.
“Tony.”
Bureaucracies have trouble looking past the stats to the person underneath. Steve could never have joined Project Rebirth if it existed in this day and age. The modern America isn’t desperate enough to accept him.
“Tony’s fine, Steve.” Bruce’s voice was calm where he appeared in the hallway. “He’s just taking a nap.”
“You don’t understand.”
The bite on Tony’s throat scarred white, just another war wound in the life of an Avenger. His hands were blistered from the workshop, callouses yet to form. There was a bandage on the inside of his left elbow where Stephen still took blood tests. The suppressants in his system were so strong the scent leaked out his pores.
“So am I.”
“I shouldn’t have said that.”
“I know. I was wrong.”
It was an indelicate question.
Luke shot them a sour look. “Well hands off. Next time I hear trouble I’m calling the cavalry.”
The bones were less disturbing than the other sights. One trench was filled boiling pitch: black tar coating a victim in the act of pulling himself out, caught at the perfect moment of his escape. There was a fire - a real one - at the bottom of a deep crevasse. Tony could feel the heat rising and caught a glimpse of those trinkets the crematorium could not burn away: kimoyo beads and unstable molecules, all cradled in eternal flames.
Tony shook off his trance, lips twitching. “So hey, you have terrible taste in men regardless of moral alignment. At least you’re consistent.”
“Do you want - “ Bucky points toward something on the opposite bench.
“FRIDAY already did a scan. Ribs are just bruised. All the doctors are going to do is retape them and hand me some Tylenol.”
“Nothing,” Steve chokes out. “There’s nothing you can say.” He can’t stop himself from reaching for Stark but it’s with an open hand instead of a fist.
“Breathe, Captain. Just breathe,” the stranger says in a soothing baritone, concern written across his features.
“I believe you,” Steve said. The lingering effects of the bondshock Tony was still clearly in denial about more than explained the nausea. The lack of sleep couldn’t help.
Natasha hits the mat and laughs unevenly. It startles Steve to hear something so imperfect and raw.
Steve leans forward. “They were friends.”
They didn’t stop for lunch because neither of them got hungry and there was nothing to eat. They didn’t get thirsty and they passed no water. They didn’t get tired but they did get bored and old habits die hard. They’d stop periodically to rest and pretend that time still meant something here. But it was Steve’s silence that got to Tony. He spoke only as necessary and no more. Tony tried to populate the empty air with ideas and apologies and hope but none of it filled the gap between them. The sky never changed.
Steve automatically falls back to keep both Stark and the stranger in sight. “Tony, you know who this is?”
Bucky already told Steve all this this morning. He could barely contain his enthusiasm about reintegrating into the world beyond Avengers Compound. Monitored of course. But freedom without the threat of being hunted or turning hunter. Bucky’s safe, the UN’s satisfied, Tanaka’s onboard… This is all good news for everyone, none of which explains what Stark’s doing here until -
“ - jeopardizes Bucky or his care, I’ll - ”
. Steve forces the single syllable past his lips. “Yes.”
Tony's voice is scratchy. “Are you really going to make me beg?”
Steve looks out over the patchwork of colour and feels proud of something he helped grow with his own hands. It’ll all die soon. The frost will come, then the winter, then the spring, but if you plant well enough and deep enough everything comes full circle.
Steve’s eyes flicked instinctively to the heat pack laid across Tony’s abdomen. The contrary scents of loss and blood and relief suddenly made sense. He felt sick.
“Kovalchyk.”
“If leaving’s a mistake then it’s mine to make.” Steve’s calmness is slowly melting away. “And my mistakes don’t endanger the world.”
They aren’t nightmares per se. It would be easier if they were. Steve never dreams of the ice or the war. He dreams of running; shedding his serum-induced body with every step and instead of weak legs slowing him down he just feels lighter and lighter. He dreams of dropping his shield, of pulling off his gloves, his cowl, anything to get rid of the weight forcing him to his knees. He dreams of the Winter Soldier pulling him to his feet before taking off and Steve gives chase until the Soldier is Bucky again and Captain America is just Steve.
He crushes it in his palm and washes it down the sink drain along with all the alcohol in the penthouse and his wedding ring.
He coughs up a single petal on the sixth of July. It doesn’t hurt, not that first time, and the gulp of clear air after the obstruction’s passed tastes sweet. The petal is violet with a yellow tipped edge, no larger than a nickel, soft around the edges. He has no idea what kind it is, he hasn't yet learned to name the near infinite varieties.
(Steve learned not to follow. You should never chase what you’re unprepared to catch.)
Tony didn’t know which way he was going, he had left the reassuring lights of the burning river behind as he spiraled further into the forest. Every direction he turned was another crooked-spined outline turning another bit of Iron Man to mulch. He tripped over a half-buried root and when he looked up, he saw a shoddily-knotted noose dangling from the branch of an as yet unadorned tree; a snare to trap an iron prize. It was set at the perfect height.
It’s ironic that that’s exactly how Steve feels about Tony.
Tony dreamt of fire before he remembered he could not dream. He watched the horizon as a snake of orange cut across the sloping landscape, the thin line of colour blazing against its feeble surroundings. Tony made his way towards it only to see Steve already silhouetted against the aurora, standing on the bank of yet another polluted river. Patches of oil and kerosene burned in pools suspended on top as the water flowed lazily downstream. The orange flames were almost alive, skating across the surface like ice dancers.
Steve’s learning denial gets you nowhere. “Maybe I am, but listen - “
“No. Not him.
“That’s probably one good thing about this place.” Tony suspected the pain would be agony if it wasn’t deadened. Steve’s body was fighting the infection but his mind was feeling the strain. When Steve got back someone more qualified than Tony would have to get a look at it.
“Break it,” Stark says casually. “Blame me.”
The floral fragrance only reminds Tony of death.
Steve needs to leave for both their sakes. He can render Tony unconscious, hammer his way through the doors and be on his way to Belgium before Stark wakes.
“Am I?” Stark challenges, like he actually wants to know Steve’s answer.
“And I’m not dead.”
Steve holds his breath. “I know.”
“She likes you.” Tony’s expression is flatly disbelieving. “She warned me the whole time not to hurt you. I didn’t listen. There was yelling.”
Bucky sighs. “Yeah Steve, most people find it easier to forgive their friends.”
Tony pulled out a thin smile. “I’ll know it when I see it.”
the one who’s sorry. You didn’t deserve any of it.”
Steve will never be among them. “You’re drunk.”
Tony catches him. “I swear to God, if my AI is turning into an evil Mexican supervillain and you don’t tell me - “
"Captain - "
“You back with me?” Bucky asks him quietly.
“Lo siento, Lo siento, Lo siento,” Steve chants, rolling the words around his mouth until he understands the feel of them.
And then Tony had transported them here, to the Celestials own Ether-World, the raw foodstuff of galaxies. A place where Sleep did not exist but where Death couldn’t find them either. A pocket of suspended time to save a dying man.
“He’s happy here. Are you?”
Steve thinks of all the nights Bucky asked him not to come, of all the times FRIDAY wouldn’t tell him where Tony was. He thinks of the day Bucky started wearing the arm again and the confusion on Dr. Tanaka’s face when Bucky couldn’t articulate what had changed.
Steve says, surprising himself with how forceful he sounds. “He doesn’t get to break us apart because I wouldn’t follow them and then turn around and - ”
“They die every year?”
Tony picks up the unguarded whisky and Steve lets him. He stalks back to the edge to sit, legs dangling into the void. Steve takes a seat next to him, careful not to touch.
“Tony…”
“That it?” Stark asks, face stone.
He stared down at his hands. The red of his gloves hid blood well.
He sounded so completely serious and Tony could only snort. He regretted it when Steve flinched and softened his tone. “I’m pretty sure this isn't Hell, Cap. Not the capital ‘H’ one at least. There’s a distinct lack of fire and brimstone and well...” he motioned to the emptiness, “...
“No.” Steve’s tone is definite. “You were never that. Even when we were at our worst - “
Steve nuzzles into the crook of his neck.
“She ever steals tea from your kitchen you’re welcome to try.”
Tony didn’t meet his eyes. “Yeah, so about that.”
“Tony...” Steve’s voice was soft, almost pitying.
“What?”
“We’ll have to arm him. Get it? Arm - “
Steve feels a chill sink into his bones. “Maybe. Probably,” he amends. “I just walked in and you and Stark…” He stares at the empty mats. “I couldn’t let it happen again so I couldn’t let myself get distracted.”
graves for when your family name carried too many dead and you’d added to the pile like a good little scion. Tony scrambled frantically up the side of the ditch to follow Steve along the ridge.
Tony let him. Steve wrapped a hand around Tony’s throat and wondered just how far that blind trust went. If the lamb would go to the slaughter willingly or like a billy goat and how Steve wanted to punish him for either. He pressed harder.
“Of course not,” Steve hissed and then lowered his voice. “Why do you think he’s going to?”
“Well I won’t hold you to it.”
Steve grunted. “Put it back.”
Steve curls his hand lightly around the left side of Tony’s neck to hide the red from view. The other finishes unbuttoning the dress shirt and underneath he finds another bite high on Tony’s abdomen and light bruising around his left nipple. That's all. Steve’s left him in worse shape accidentally and he fights the urge to do so again on purpose. To lay his own marks overtop existing ones until pink deepens to purple, to black, until Tony is marked so far under the skin he remembers even once the bruises fade. If Steve can’t ever forget how Tony looks/sounds/feels, then Tony doesn’t get to forget the reverse, not even for a night -
In front of him is a brown-haired boy of about twelve. Young and whole, and with no idea of what the world will take from him.
It's Stark’s. Just like they’re eating Stark’s crackers and living in his house. It’s objectively better than their old, cold place in Brooklyn but it could be so much better. It’s been eight months and the Avengers can’t even manage to be in the same building for Christmas.
The implication is clear enough. A trade: a sober night for the ability to skip his medical exam. Everything with Stark these days is a bargain. Bucky used to tell Steve to pick his battles but the lesson had remained more or less an abstract concept until Tony. This isn’t a fistfight in an ally. This is a million minor disagreements fought with posturing and words, and Steve feels every one grinding him down. He’s finally learning his lesson and with every concession he feels like he’s giving up a piece of himself.
“I promise,” he says, arms raised in surrender. “I’m sorry.” Apologies are never that difficult to come by with Bucky.
Something deep in the pit of Steve’s ribcage frays. “So you won’t help him because of me.”
“Do you remember how to leave yet?” Steve asked and there was a word floating at the edge of Tony’s periphery, that magic key that would unlock the Ether and send them home. Steve looked at him. “You do, don’t you.”
Father Lupuado might have reminded him,
“Hey. Easy. It’s just me,” Bucky soothes as the last remnants of the Soldier bleed out of his voice.
Their damage. “So,
Tony nearly stumbled as the force it hit him. He remembered fighting the Celestials. He remembered the Cursed Blade being driven into Steve’s chest and then a reckless plan and an even more reckless promise.
“I’m not the man I thought I was,” he confessed instead. “I’m not who I used to be, who I’m supposed to be. And no one knows.”
Steve shook his head. “Why - “
“I don’t care. You’re the one who’s going to end it,” she says harshly and then softens. “Steve’s been more… withdrawn since he came back. Probably since before. You’d have noticed if you’d been paying attention.”
“I don’t need to know.”
He ambushed Steve once they were alone. “You never answered my question.”
———————————————
Kovalchyk comes out of his grief. “Some tragedies have no one to blame.”
Tony asks without turning around, still hypnotized by the flames.
Steve tosses his sketchbook onto the chair to show he’s not leaving. “Sam.”
Steve doesn’t trust himself with Stark right now. He’s too flush with secondhand anger on Rhodes’ behalf. He pushes Tony lightly by the shoulders (shoulders, never the chest) away from the threshold and back into the opposite wall. All Steve has to do now is step back into his room and shut the door.
When Tony had woken up
“And you’re okay with that? The man you’ve been in love with since the 40s swanning around with a woman called the Black Widow?”
The man sat without waiting for an answer. Steve hadn’t bother giving one, escaping the Sorcerer Supreme required a skillset he did not possess. He had heard long ago - from Wanda maybe - that Dr. Strange had once visited Hell with Doom. Steve wanted to ask him if it had been as cold and empty as the Ether or as busy and sweltering as New York in July.
Steve stripped him out of his undersuit as cold fire rained down around them. A finger breeched him and if there was any pain it was deadened by this place and eclipsed by the elation of having Steve inside him. He could give Steve this to tide him over until Tony could figure out the rest. Steve’s silhouette was rutting over him as he chased down the only bit of pleasure available to him in this place. Tony stared upward into the lifeless eye-slits of an Iron Man faceplate suspended in the branches above and couldn’t look away.
“Have you been drinking?” Steve couldn’t resist asking at four in the morning when darkness covered the question.
He will live.
The longer he looks at her (helpless, and the Black Widow was never helpless) the angrier he gets. They aren’t supposed to get shot by their own allies because they’re supposed to go in alone. He’s angry at Clint for not magically appearing when Nat needed him, he’s angry at Tony for not protecting her better. He’s angry with Bruce for being missing in action. He’s even angry at Natasha for staying; for trying to save them all from themselves instead of running away and saving herself.
“She’s right.” Steve can see the single vibrating string holding all of Tony together. “This can’t end well.”
“I don’t think you understand how complicated it is.”
When he exits Steve is in the kitchen making him pancakes with a soft, familiar smile.
Tony didn’t answer, just got to his feet and exited the bathroom in a nervous trance, leaving Steve to follow in his wake.
Trousers and underwear are next and Steve is momentarily transfixed by the taper of calf from knee to ankle. He steps back to frame Tony in his entirety, naked from head to foot. Tony twitches under his gaze and Steve doesn’t know if it’s anticipation or anxiety until Tony grins, takes himself in hand and strokes -
Steve has lost a lot on maybe.
———————————
Tony is a walking sack of blood-and-bone meal; Mister Miracle-Gro.
“I know.”
He’s angry at himself most of all.
“I have no idea.” Tony couldn’t recall any of that. Everything that came before was foggy, sparsely punctuated by feelings of dread.
Steve looked down at his hands and found he’d assembled a small cairn of knickknacks without thinking.
“So that’s a no, then,” Tony said with forced lightness, scrambling to cover the rejection. “Makes sense, I hung you out to dry for awhile there, let’s just - “
“For now,” Steve echoes and tries to ignore the slow curdling of dread in his gut.
Tony's left hand curls around the side of Steve’s neck and Steve can feel the augmented strength of a gauntlet press into the flesh of his throat, sleek metal the exact temperature of the human body. He can feel the pulse of power against his skin, can hear the palm repulsor charging at point blank range. Tony can’t miss. Not this close. Not with Steve’s forearm pressed over his fragile beating heart. Steve still has the gauntlet watch is pinned to the ground. Where on Earth did the second one come from?
He should still be fixated on Kovalchyk, he’s the unknown quantity here, but Steve finds himself swinging to face Stark anyways. He can’t help it.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked dangerously. The bright meteorites reflected off the dark of his pupils, lighting them from within.
Tony couldn’t help checking his throat. There was just the same dull ache that characterized this place.
Tony’s not done. “You hung around for an entire year doing nothing but watch me scramble and fail. I kept you out of the Raft but house arrest apparently isn’t lenient enough. I gave you your best friend back when I should have been dealing with mine and you’re upset he’s not like before. I returned the shield you literally drove into my heart and
Second chapter up and done. Weekly updates until it's finished. This is the longest thing I've ever written but I want to actually share it so it 'counts'. I feel like this story could be called
He holds her pale hand and tries not to think of how inadequate it is. He’s not a doctor. The only way he could have helped was to be there and he wasn’t. Air superiority and range weapons are the new Avengers advantages but it means Natasha is stranded on the ground with whatever local military and no one to watch her back.
Steve remembers when every other reference out of Tony’s mouth flew over his head. “It means he likes you.”
Steve had been so wrapped up in finding Kovalchyk’s true motivations he had almost ignored Tony completely. “I don’t know, Buck.”
“Kiss rings, wiggle her hips, promise things she can’t deliver. You know…” Stark leans against the desk closest to the spinning orb, “or maybe you don’t. Politics.”  He’s in the dark clothes he generally wears under the suit and all Steve can see is his silhouette. “This what you’ve been up to since you tried to guilt trip the support staff?”
“No deal. Get off of me.”
Steve doesn’t belong here. (In this place, this time, this body.) Some days he wonders if ever he did.
but eventually even the most optimistic have to admit there’s a deterioration. The Winter Soldier's programming doesn’t emerge in full but Bucky slips more often and more often into fugue states. He collapses entirely inward, refusing to open up except to repeat the Soldier’s last designation in a singular, robotic monotone. He hasn’t worn the arm for two weeks and counting. No one believes his refusal has anything to do with physical discomfort.
“Nothing.” Tony shrugged. “It exists. It’ll always exist. It’s part of you and it always was.”
Iron Man said as he tossed Steve his shield back. The glowing eyeslits of the faceplate were locked on him like the burning eyes of a demon.
“I will.” He pretends to smile back. He shouldn’t be able to fool a spy of Natasha’s caliber but maybe she's tired or maybe the fake smile he’s practiced for weeks doesn’t look fake to anyone but himself anymore. Natasha says nothing as she exits.
The door is locked from the outside.
Stark’s fight with Natasha has nothing on the blowout that occurs a week later when Rhodes gets back.
“ - I won’t - “
They wouldn’t have let Sam back in without it. Steve can hardly criticize, even by not-signing he’s playing by the Accords’ rules. It’s not a principled stand; he doesn’t run secret missions or invade countries for the greater good. He sits quietly on the couch while his team - absent him - carries on. “I figured.”
the problem?” Stark asks, somewhat incredulous. “I could give Barnes the comfiest, spiffiest arm in the known universe and he’d still occasionally forget who you are.”
“Tony didn’t want anyone to know. He doesn’t know
“Captain,” Kovalchyk’s voice is soft but unwavering, “I understand what you are saying. I’m telling you, you are incorrect.” He turns toward the kitchen. “Come now, this story requires tea.”
Steve reached and Tony gave. It was never a power play or showing off, it was whatever Tony thought Steve wanted.
The last whole blossom Tony coughs up is in November after weeks of only stray petals. It’s a tiny, white poppy, malnourished and wilting. The stubby roots trail behind having found no purchase in the flesh below. It is the last, lonely, pitiful flower on the vine; a late bloomer. It is still beautiful though, and it would have made for the most beautiful, senseless death.
“Same bat time, same bat channel,” Tony murmurs. “You need to get out of here too, Rogers.” Without waiting for an answer he steps into the Iron Man suit and takes off through the hole in the ceiling leaving the two soldiers alone.
None of it was fair.
Tony’s eyes are still closed, no more in a rush to face this new reality than Steve is. When he finally speaks his voice is desperate and annoyed in equal measure, like he’s betraying himself by having to ask. “Why?”
The detente fools Steve into believing things are getting better. On the surface they are: they find fewer reasons to argue, fewer reasons to take it further. Most of that is attributable to Natasha still being sidelined. Tony runs around the world, Steve runs around the Compound and the fact that their personal Doomsday Clock has stopped ticking down is a nice side-effect entirely divorced from their individual choices. It’s not sustainable though. It’s just the peace before the war.
“I want to be here. For you. The world can save itself for awhile.” That’s what everyone keeps telling him.
“I didn’t know that’s what you thought we were doing,” Steve says finally. “It wasn’t what
Steve rolled out of bed in disgust and headed towards the shower. He stood under the spray of water, one hand on the tap, and remembered the frozen lake. He used to hate the cold but the ice water in the Ether had been so clear, so numbing. He had started to believe that Tony had indeed given him a gift. Steve slowly turned the tap all the way to the right, waiting for the cold to swallow him whole and take him home.
The conversation paused there; everyone, surprisingly, was looking at Steve. Steve’s gaze flitted between them. What did they want? Did they want him to explain who he was or something?
How was it different, he didn’t know. All he knew was that he didn’t want to stay here.
Tony stared at him as if he asked the most ridiculous question he had ever heard. “Of course I’m sure. You’re an Avenger. The leader of the Avengers, in fact.”
Silence fell over them. Steve didn’t know how long they sat there, not saying a word, each of them lost in their own thoughts. He knew that he should say something more, but he didn’t exactly know what else to say. He had basically said everything that he could say. The quiet stretched out for longer, hovering over the table like a cloud that refused to move. Steve tried to break the silence, but every time he opened his mouth, nothing came out.
No, of course not. He wanted to say no, but that’s not what came out of his mouth.
“It was just a figure of speech,” Steve replied, still amused. "Anyways, we're almost there."
“I...just didn't know what your plans were after this.”
“I made dinner,” Steve noted as they walked into the kitchen. He gestured to the counter which was lined with cheeseburgers. Condiments – such as mustard and ketchup-  were placed in the corner of the counter, next to the line of cheeseburgers.
Steve shrugged. “I just…remembered it. It’s hard to forget.”
Sorry for posting this so late.
No! I do. I’ll check my schedule and get back to you?
“Bucky said that I should be discharged soon.” He glanced around. “Speaking of Bucky, where is he?”
“Cinnamon spice for me,” Tony said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“At least there will be a new building eventually.”
“The speeches are about to start,” Pepper said. “You two may want to sit down.”
The blonde gave her a hug, if it could even be called that. He swung one arm around her shoulders and let go within a few seconds. If Pepper noticed the brief hug, she didn’t say anything. She just smiled at him and glanced at Tony.
“You make a damn good case, Rogers.”
“I’m glad that he asked you to do it.”
“I was attempting to try to help you feel better, but I guess my attempts are futile.” He raised his shoulders and let them go with a sigh.
Tony’s lips parted but then he closed them; he glanced at the menu before him. Steve frowned and watched Tony, hoping that he would say whatever he had been planning on saying. Several moments passed without Tony saying anything. Frowning, Steve focused on his own menu. The menu consisted of almost every type pizza imaginable: pepperoni pizza, sausage pizza, pesto pizza, macaroni and cheese pizza, a fruit salad pizza, a pizza that had a salad on top of it. Steve wasn’t sure if they had left any pizza off of the menu.
“You and Tony are going to complete this project together.”
“What, speak?”
Tony and Steve meet at a restaurant.
Tony nodded and gestured for Steve to sit. He took a seat next to Happy and placed the napkin that was resting on his plate in his lap. Tony took a seat next to Steve; Pepper sat on the other side of him. Happy stood up to address the room; he announced that everyone should take their seat because dinner would be served. The guests complied, swiftly taking their seats. More waiters entered the room with silver trays and began to make their way around the room, delivering the first course to each guest. Meanwhile, a man with gray hair stepped up to the podium that was near their table. People fell silent when he taped the microphone. Steve shifted so he could see him better. The man launched into his speech, which officially began the night’s festivities.
Steve smiled a little. “I did find that.”
Tony perked up at that. “Only good thing?”
Thank you for your continued support.
He snapped out of his thoughts; pink spread across his cheeks. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to.” He cleared his throat. “I’d love to go.”
“Mine’s red,” Tony said.
“I did have important things to do, but it wasn’t anything that Pepper couldn’t take care of.” He shrugged. “Besides, I’d rather be here.”
Steve picked up a pencil and began to sketch Tony, making light marks on the page just in case he made a mistake. He stuck his tongue out between his lips as he worked, his focus solely on his pencil. The farther that he got with the drawing, the less he thought about how he was drawing Tony or how Tony had come here because he had wanted Steve to draw a picture of him that he posed for. His attention was solely on the lines the he created on the page; he wanted this drawing to be as close to perfect as he could get it. Every couple of seconds, Steve would glance up from the easel and glance at Tony. Sometimes their gazes would meet which made Steve blush and duck behind the easel so Tony couldn’t see him.
Ten minutes later, Steve was very close to leaving. Tony still hadn’t made an appearance. He had thought about walking around the room, but he still thought that this was the best place to be. Besides, he liked this seat; he could see the design of the room, which he was still in awe over. Steve was staring up at the ceiling when he heard a voice.
“Okay. You start.”
“So I take it things have finally turned around with Tony, then, huh?”
“And?” Steve asked.
Steve’s blush darkened. “Well…I didn’t know when dinner was going to be served so I just sat here instead.”
“Tony, is this an indication that you are moving on?” one person yelled.
“Took you long enough,” a voice said. Steve glanced to his left; Tony was leaning against a wall, arms crossed over his chest.  He was wearing a black cardigan with a gray t-shirt underneath and dark jeans.  “I was starting to wonder if you’d gotten lost.”
“Anyways. What’s your poison?” Tony asked.
Tony shook his head. He gestured to the chair that was near the easel.
“I meant to ask you earlier - I have an event next week...it’s a function – basically a party- for the new climate change initiative that Stark Industries is implementing. You’re more than welcome to come, if you want.”
“You’re right…it does.”
“Now, would I serve you burnt pancakes?”
“I’d like to help…but I don’t want to lose anything that I have…and would, you know, I would like not to die.”
The cameras that were set up turned to them; murmurs coming from the crowd could be heard. Steve flashed the crowd a smile while he walked towards the stage. He climbed up the steps, Tony at his heels. In the back of the stage, a red ribbon was tied to the doors of the facility. Steve glanced at the ribbon before turning towards the crowd. He stepped towards the podium. His stomach churned at the sight of the crowd. There were
“Tony,” Steve said, forcing himself to look at his face.
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed. “Are you saying that it’s not worth reading?”
Feel free to leave kudos or a comment!
He hit send and let out a sigh until he realized how that message sounded. Swearing, he typed another message.
Steve bit the inside of his cheek.
“There’s a first time for everything,” Steve said, smirking at him.
“Would you be opposed to drawing me sometime?” Tony asked, grinning at him.
Tony visits Steve.
Thank you for your continued support! Here's the next chapter of the fic.
Tony grinned. “Now you’re on the right track, Rogers.”
“You’re not…blaming it on me, are you?”
Hope you enjoy it!
“Steve, please, just…hear me out."
Steve pulled the vacuum out of the closet. He glared at Bucky.
Before Tony could respond, Steve walked over to the rope that was hanging on the right side of the curtain. He stood to the side of it, his body pivoted towards the crowd. He cleared his throat. The conversations among the crowd dissipated. Tony stood in front of them, his gaze right on Steve. His head was cocked to the side, as if asking:
He glanced away from him and picked up one of his pencils.
Steve glanced at his laptop, scrolling through the presentation one more time. It really did look good.
“Hey, pal,” he said.
“According to my calculations, you guys are working as fast as you can.” He pulled out his phone and glanced at the screen. “You should be finished in about four months.”
Thank you for your continued support.
Steve sent the text and smirked to himself. He pocketed the phone and left his apartment. He padded down the sidewalk, making his way to art class. His phone buzzed when he was about a block away from it.
“See? Which is why I said what I said.” Tony unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car. He was about to shut it, but Steve slid out of the car. Tony sighed. “Why do I even bother talking if you’re not going to listen to me?”
After several minutes of searching, he finally found something presentable. And just in time, too. A few minutes later, the doorbell sounded. Swearing, Steve shut his closet door and rushed into the living room.
“Great. Anything else?”
Steve’s gaze flicked to him. “Of course I wanted to hear from you.”
“Fine. I’ll go.”
“I know,” Steve said again. What more could he say?
“Exactly,” Nat replied.
“I’m going to get a refill of my drink,” Bucky said to Steve before he wandered off in the direction of the kitchen.
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed together. “What do you mean?”
also known as Captain America– one of the Avengers who saved the world – isn’t able to find a date?”
Steve smiled at him and opened the door. Taking a deep breath, he stepped out onto the red carpet. Tony got out behind him and moved close to him, placing his hand on his back. The touch was light, but it settled Steve’s stomach a bit. Tony was right – he wasn’t doing this alone. They were doing it together.
Tony nodded and the conversation faded away, each of them refocusing on eating their meal. The silence didn't feel awkward despite the elephant in the room. Steve supposed that he was just happy that Tony was here. A couple of minutes later, though, when Tony still hadn't said anything, Steve's leg started to bounce. Why hadn't he said anything? Steve pursed his lips. Maybe he was waiting for him to say something. Well, he'd give him until he finished his burger. If he hadn't said anything by then, he'd bring it up. Steve went back to eating; a bit later, Steve finished off his burger and pushed his plate away. He glanced at Tony, who was taking a sip of water. The brunette canted his head to the side.
“Really?” Steve asked. He looked at him, eyes wide. As if he truly couldn’t believe that Tony was telling him this.
Well, this was certainly enlightening. Steve huffed and went to the fridge to grab a beer. He unscrewed the lid and took a long drink from it as he turned over the words that Bucky had just said. It was difficult for him to believe that he had been in love with Tony for years without him ever realizing it. People just didn’t form feelings for someone and somehow be completely oblivious to those feelings. Sure, they showed that in movies but that wasn’t reality. Yet, here he was, contemplating whether or not he had really been oblivious to the fact that he had been in love with Tony far longer than he knew. When, then, had he fallen in love with him?
Great. Here he was, thinking that his feelings were well hidden, but now he found out that they weren’t hidden at all. He always thought that he kept his heart protected, but he supposed that he was wrong.
Steve shook his head. “No promise is needed. I trust you, Tony.” As he said the words, he was reminded of their conversation in New York, right before they decided to go to 1970 to recover the tesseract.
Steve cleared his throat. “I am?”
“How did this even happen?”
“While Stark Industries has agreed to help fund the building, it has been decided that since Stark Industries has already invested so much money into the Avengers, it will not sponsor the whole endeavor. Which is why we decided to hold this gala. We’d like to raise money to help cover some of the functioning cost of the facility once it is built. We'd also like to raise money for charities that are in New York City. While we have tried to protect the city, we'd like to do more than just protect it- we'd like to raise money for it. Seventy-five percent of all proceeds of this event will go to charity. The other twenty-five percent will go towards the Avengers facility. If you want to participate in this endeavor, there are gift baskets along the wall that you can bid on. If you prefer to donate money directly, please talk to Happy.”
After that, something had seemed to shift in their relationship. Steve couldn’t exactly put his finger on what had changed, but something had. Maybe they had become more open with one another. After that, they were more honest with how they were feeling and what they thought. Or, at least, that’s how it seemed to Steve. Or, maybe their relationship didn’t change that much after that - he was giving the whole event too much importance. Steve sighed and tossed the wrapper of the sandwich he had been eating into the trash. Grabbing his construction hat, Steve got back to work.
Steve smiled at them.
He glanced at the top of the screen; Tony’s name lined the top. Steve’s fingers hovered over the screen for a few moments before he typed back.
“I think you’re being very optimistic.”
Six weeks later, Steve still felt the same way. He had been afraid that the feeling might go away, but it didn’t. He simply became more and more certain that Tony was the missing piece of his heart, his other half. They still obviously had their disagreements and viewed things in different ways, but somehow, it worked. Perhaps it was because by now, they knew each other well - they knew when to give the other space and when to be there for the other. They were like opposite sides of the same coin. Tony had told Steve that one night after their one-month anniversary (Tony had surprised him with a dinner at a restaurant that had just opened and a carriage ride in the park) and Steve couldn’t get out of his mind; he thought that it was a beautiful way to describe them.
it was looking. He wasn’t sure how it could go from looking okay to terrible within a span of a few hours, but that’s what happened. Working when he was frustrated never was a good idea, so Steve decided to do other things instead, like clean his apartment and go to the gym. The blonde didn’t return to his easel until the next afternoon. Even a day later, he still didn’t like the way that the portrait looked, but he had to get the picture done. He supposed that he could ask Tony to come back, but he wasn’t going to restart this process all over again. Not that he would mind that; he just didn’t want Tony to have to sit for another few hours while he sketched him.
“Yes.”
I'm in a bit of a writing slump, so any comments would be appreciated!
Steve looked at him for a moment longer before moving to the side, allowing Tony to enter. He closed the door behind him and followed Tony who was already almost to the living room. Tony shrugged off his leather jacket and tossed it onto the couch. Steve frowned at his back.
Tony took a step closer to Steve so he could see the picture more clearly.
The answer seemed obvious, but for some reason, Steve just didn’t like it. He didn’t want to go back to the way things were before they had a plan to undo the Snap. Obviously, there was always avenging but he doubted that there would be many cases for them for a while. The world was still finding its footing; it would be a while before any trouble started to brew. Guess that left no choice then. He’d just…have to adapt. He had to once, he could do it again. At least until he could start fighting again. And, well, at least Tony and him were on speaking terms now. He could always talk to him.
“I know that you’re thinking about something.”
Here's the next chapter!
“Steve, I enjoy spending time with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Only talk about it if you want to." The last thing he wanted was Tony to feel pressured to talk about this. He knew that talking about something before you were ready could cause more pain than healing.
Ah, right. Tony picked up the portrait and tucked it under his arm. He pivoted in Steve’s direction.
The waitress nodded. “Yes, it is.”
The black car pulled in front of Steve, going a bit too far, before reversing and parking right in front of him. The window rolled down, revealing Tony Stark furrowing his eyebrows at him.
Steve wanted to say more, explain to him what was happening, but all of the words that he wanted to say got stuck in his throat, refusing to come out. He tried to spit them out, but he couldn't. It was infuriating. Out of all the people who he could talk about this, Bucky would be the one to listen without judgment. He would try to see it from Steve’s point of view before giving him any advice or judging him. That didn’t make this any easier though. Thankfully, Bucky didn’t pressure Steve to talk; he just nursed his beer while he waited.
Disclaimer:
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve blushed. “Come on…let’s talk about the book.”
“I have to go,” Steve mumbled.
“That may be true. But that doesn’t mean that Pepper is the person he’s meant to be with.”
Steve felt like the wind had got kicked out of him. The word trusted echoed in his mind. Even though they were reunited, Tony still didn’t trust him. Tears pricked Steve’s eyes.
Steve thought for a moment. That was a good point.
Hope you enjoyed the chapter! Feel free to leave kudos and/or a comment. :)
“It didn’t stop you from doing it.”
“Sorry.”
He wasn't sure why he was said that, but he did; there wasn't any way to take it back now. His phone buzzed a few seconds later.
Tony laughed.
“You were really on the run until Thanos came, weren’t you?” Tony asked.
“Sure.”
“Because…you’re Tony Stark.”
‘Then why have you been acting this way?”
“Okay, thanks.”
Tony shook his head and pivoted towards the blonde so he was facing him. He shuffled closer to him, placing his hands on his shoulders. His gaze settled on Steve’s.
Steve sighed and leaned against the wall, his gaze resting on the people who were dancing. If one could call grinding up against each other dancing. One would think those in law school would behave better, but…well, guess he was incorrect. Steve pushed himself away from the wall and exited the room when he saw some girl make eye contact with him. No. That was definitely not what he was here for.
One would think that knowing Tony Stark held some interest for them would make them want to talk to him, but Steve was not that person. Well. He just didn’t act on that want. As much as he liked the idea, he was still afraid that somehow, Tony would still dislike him when he got to know him. Really know him.
“I’ve noticed that things have been different between us since we’ve reunited,” Steve said.
Tony chuckled. “Me too. Thanks for…helping.”
“Thank you, Tony. You too.”
It sounded ridiculous, even to Steve, but that was the only reason he could think of.
“They’re not supposed to be here,” Steve murmured. “They shouldn’t bother us once we go inside though.” That's what he hoped, at least.
“Don’t worry, Tony. I’m fine.”
Tony chuckled. “Well, I know that now.”
“I’m good, thanks. I’ll take a beer, though.”
“Always the gentleman,” Tony mused.
“Sounds like a plan.”
“There is one more thing,” Tony said loudly, turning back to the crowd. He moved towards the podium. The applause almost immediately stopped. Steve walked over to Tony so he was standing next to him. “…that I’d like to say.” Steve’s breathing picked up. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. Tony glanced at him. Steve swallowed thickly and nodded. He felt Tony’s fingers lace through his own. “There have been a lot of rumors about our dating lives, whether we are dating each other or other people. Today, we’d like to make a statement.” He lifted their hands so the crowd to see. Steve kept his gaze fixed on Tony. “The rumors are right - Steve and I are dating."
“Tony Stark.”
I hope that you enjoyed this chapter!
Steve tilted his head to the side; some of his hair fell into his face. It was longer than Steve normally kept it. He had wanted to get it trimmed, but he hadn’t gotten a chance to with all of this training and preparing for the time heist. Tony’s fingers twitched as Steve brushed his hair out of his face.
“You know, you could’ve sat at the seat I saved for you.” Tony pointed to a table that had two places that were empty.
“When I woke up in this century…I didn’t have anyone. You and I didn’t start on the right foot, but after the battle in New York…well, you and I started to talk more. We didn’t see things the same way, but we became friends. Over the years, I became less lost –I felt like I had a home. You gave me a home.”
His phone vibrated a few moments later.
“You don’t need to apologize again, Tony.”
Rolling his eyes, Steve leaned over and shoved Tony. Tony laughed and gently shoved him back. Steve smiled widely at him. For the first time in a while, he felt at ease. Like he didn’t have to think about what they were up against, the mission, or the strain that had been between Tony and him.
Tony’s warm brown eyes settled upon his face. His head tilted to the side. How could Steve say no to that?
Steve had gotten to class early like usual and sat down in his normal seat. He took out his laptop and notebook and placed them on the table. The seat next to him was empty, like it normally was. Steve was just about to put his bag on the chair when someone walked up to the seat.
Bucky chuckled. “I’ll stay out of your hair, then. Wouldn’t want to distract you two.”
Steve thought about his plans for tomorrow; as of now, he didn’t think that he had any plans. Even if he went to the site in the morning, he’d be back by that time.
He downed the rest of his drink as he walked back into the ballroom. Tony followed him back inside.
His apartment wasn’t very big, but it was big enough for Steve. He probably could’ve gotten a bigger one, but he didn’t really need a lot of space. All he needed was a space where he could eat, sleep, and feel at home. He shut the door behind him and padded over to the family room. The family room was pretty simple: it had a couch, coffee table, television, and bookcases on either side of the television. The bookcases were appallingly empty of books, but Steve had been working on trying to get more. Tony had given him a list of books to read a couple of years back and Steve was still trying to make his way through it. So far, all of the books that he had recommended hadn’t disappointed him.
Had he been waiting too long? No, he hadn’t. But he
With that, he went inside, eager to spend the evening with Tony. He found Tony waiting next to the doors, a smirk upon his face.
“We’re here.” He carefully untied the blue bandana, revealing Tony’s warm brown eyes. Steve swore that he could stare at them for ages. Although Tony had been through so much, they were still warm – kind.
Steve didn’t comment on that. Either way he responded, Tony was sure to take what he said and run with it. He grabbed the keys to the apartment and led him out of the apartment. He fumbled with his keys for a couple of moments – why did there have to be so many keys? - before he managed to lock the door. Smiling sheepishly at Tony, he led him down the stairs, out of the building, and into the night time air.
Hours later, Steve felt like they hadn’t made any progress. Every time they thought that they were almost finished clearing an area, they realized that they actually weren’t – there was always more rubble to move. Thankfully by then, they weren’t the only ones rummaging through the field. More Stark Industries employees had showed up along with Scott and Hope. He hadn’t been expecting to see them here, but he was grateful that they were. Apparently they decided to stay for a bit longer when they found out that this project was beginning. Coughing, he stood up and grabbed the water battle he had placed on a wall that had toppled over. He took a long drink before putting it back on the ground.
“Yes, but the rebuilding of it will be in capable hands.”
“Really? You think so?” Steve asked, surprised. He never thought that he was that good at drawing. Sure, he was decent…but he wasn’t great at it.
Steve wasn’t sure how much time had passed the next time he woke up. All he knew was that it was day (given the sunlight pouring in through the blinds) and that the spot beside his bed was taken by someone else: Natasha.
“No,” he managed to say.
“Yes, there is,” Tony said. “I know that we were growing closer before the time heist and then after…I just kind of disappeared for a bit. That wasn’t right of me.”
He was cut off by Steve wrapping his arms around Tony, pulling him closer to him. He buried his face into the crook of Tony’s neck.
An hour. That’s all he had left and his apartment was no where near the state that he wanted it to be in. The space wasn’t messy, but it wasn’t as clean as he wanted it to be. The counters weren’t clean and dishes were still sitting in the sink. The hardwood floor wasn’t as shiny as he wanted it to be. The blanket that he had placed on the couch seemed to be slightly crooked and there was a wrinkle in the middle of it. He was pretty sure that his bed wasn’t perfectly made, either. He doubted that his bedroom would be seen, but that didn’t matter. What mattered was that everything had to be spotless. Steve continued to bustle about his apartment, cleaning as quickly as efficiently as he could. Once everything looked the way he wanted it to, Steve made his way to the shower so he could get ready for the evening.
Steve turned just a bit in his chair so he was facing the other. Tony looked down at him; his gaze caught Steve’s. Steve stared at him for a few moments before something clicked in his brain. His eyes widened; Tony was so close to him. If he could just lean in a little more –
Steve is visited by someone.
“Of course you would be - I have impeccable taste,” Tony replied, smirking. “I’ll give them to you as soon as the list is complete.”
“You startled me.”
“The Great Gatsby. It was on one of those '100 books you should read' lists, so I thought I’d give it a try.”
Steve laughed a little. “Think about it as pay back for when you dragged me out of my room to go to the museum.”
“It’s just that…you keep giving me mixed signals here, Rogers. Last semester you seemed to have no problem with studying with me or my friends, but this semester…you have been distant.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“I didn’t see you come in,” Steve said, grinning at them.
“Did you talk to Bucky, too?”
“Ah, okay. I...er, your portrait is finished.”
Four days later, Happy contacted Steve to tell him that they were going to break ground for the new facility. Steve grinned when he saw the message. As much as he liked his time off from working at the site, he was glad to be going back to it. To help actually build the new facility, not just clear the land for it.
“I’m sorry,” Bucky says in a small voice. “I know how it must have looked to you. Like I’d lost - ”
Steve rolled them. “Why would you - “
“Yeah. I nearly killed the Turkish soldier who shot her. He took twin repulsors to the chest. I didn’t even think about it, FRIDAY set the blast to concussive without my say.” Tony taps his foot. “Not my finest hour. Doc had a field day.”
This was why Logan hung around the Mansion, what Bruce had been doing on his hiatus, and why Reed seemed to live here now.
wait. He is determined and hard-headed and could bear the tragedy of love for decades. He could keep the candle burning no matter how much it cost him. He would be Hanahaki’s perfect host: the serum would keep him alive to bloom forever, coughing up flowers like a never-ending fountain. Never to laugh again, never to sleep through the night. Steve wouldn’t get a beautiful death, but a beautiful life filled with nothing but suffering and he would bear it all for love.
, for all the good it did me.” The words hit Steve like a punch to the gut but Tony just drew himself taller. “So where does that leave me? Any other words I’m not allowed to use? I begged him to stop a lot, maybe that word should be stricken from - ”
He goes back to one of art’s first principles: drawing what you see and not what you know. The figures he sketches are incomplete but honest: people as they are and not as he wishes them to be. Tony’s face is drawn and lined, Nat’s is lost and contemplative, Bucky’s subdued but content. Steve’s not in practice enough that he can change their expressions without losing the essence of who they are.
“Why couldn’t you just…”
“Shut up.” Shame pools in his gut.
Too much. Too well. Too intimately. But never enough to make him stop.
In the end it doesn’t matter that it’s Stark. Steve breaks. He takes what he can, what Stark has offered. Steve doesn’t bother with a warning: he’s silent as the grave as he paints Tony’s already slick skin and already ruined shirt.
Stark throws his hands up. “- well, far be it from me to argue with you about the morality of taking fucking advantage - ”
The answer, as it turns out, is a dialect of Spanish. He throws himself into learning it and his poorly-pronounced attempts fall flat in an empty room. It’s frustrating and slow-moving and Steve’s not the only one who thinks so. FRIDAY hits her breaking point one Thursday afternoon and starts correcting him in a rapid Irish-lilted, flood of Spanish.
Tony said too sharply. "I used you. I lied to you. I fucked up your missions, I dropped you blind into situations where your instincts went haywire. I used you for sex and sleep and comfort.
“Coat and cane stay on the floor.” Steve’s voice sounds strange to his own ears. He can’t remember when he last spoke to a human being.
to himself - because he knows he won’t survive losing it again.)
He says it like Steve’s the problem. He’s not worried at the appearance of the Winter Soldier or whatever is controlling his suit. He’s scared of Steve which means -
This is how it starts: the Soldier pulls the bloodied shield from Steve’s hands and it drops to the floor with a sound that echoes for miles. The corpse at Steve's feet is faceless; as if the artist couldn’t fathom how it felt to die under crashing metal.
The shirt’s easy. Steve hauls his T-shirt over his head and drops it in Tony’s lap without a second thought. He heads for the kitchen only to return with -
“Then do you find it a touch ironic that you’re here to talk me out of my newfound technological caution?”
Steve searches for a revelation that doesn't involve Tony in some way. “Vision’s trying to learn to dream.”
Tony’s certain Steve is gone because he’s got what he wanted: Bucky cured and free. Tonight is just a panicked attempt to convince him there’s something in it for him if he stays.
In which strange men appear.
Steve never actually found out what caused their fight but it occurs to him now that maybe it wasn’t just Tony. That maybe Jim knows about Siberia and the simmering resentments, the demands to prioritize Bucky’s care and the infrequent trips to bed, the weight Steve added to Tony’s life until Jim couldn’t bear to stick around and watch anymore.
“You should have that printed on a T-shirt, it’d save us having to speak at all.”
He starts at the hollow of Tony’s throat, he runs his fingers along the corded muscle, memorizing the dips and strength. He brushes his fingertips through Tony’s goatee, the rough texture catching. He guides Tony’s head to the side and after momentary resistance Tony lets him. With his other hand he scratches his short nails along Stark’s scalp and Tony shivers but holds to Steve’s command, he doesn’t move.
“I’m not going to leave you.” Steve doesn’t care how weak it sounds, how much it reveals.
Luke clearly didn’t believe him. Steve and Tony had spent too long in the Ether. They had grown accustomed to seeing each other beaten and bruised, so the red marks streaking Tony’s torso were of no particular note to Steve. Neither was the blood leaking through his own shirt where his self-inflicted wound had been torn open. He would concede that to anyone else it looked damning.
She looks at him steadily but doesn’t pry further. “I was in New York. There was pushback on Colonel Rhodes.”
There was a pause that could have meant anything.
He graduates to full blossoms in mid-September. The first whole flower is the worst; he spends hours dry hacking over the sink only to finally release a small, intact marigold no bigger than a wingnut. It’s limp and deformed. Malevolent.
Steve stares toward the elevators as if he could see through them. Pepper being back means the bubble Steve shared with Tony has well and truly collapsed. Tony loved her - loves her still. It’s an ugly realization; how little of the real Tony Steve ever had to begin with and how frightened he is to lose the last inch of it anyway. He has no right. It should never have been him. It should always have been Pepper.
She knows what he means.
“I’m beating you by twenty-two points, I clearly don’t need it.” To make his point Bucky sinks his next easy basket.
“I’m not thirsty.”
Steve made a promise back in that letter that Tony burnt to ash; to come when called. Captain America doesn’t break promises or abandon people. Steve can and does and Tony knows it.
“I think you won’t,” Bruce said mildly. “Take a walk. I’ll let him know you came by.”
So Steve ends up in sitting in Dr. Blancard’s sitting room as she passes him a glass of lemonade. The knuckles of her hands are swollen and on the wall are framed pictures of her children, her grandchildren, and her great-grandchildren. There are collars from a succession of Shetland sheepdogs and fresh daffodils in a vase with old petals scattered underfoot. Her husband’s urn is on the mantle and there’s a plate of crumbs resting atop it; the remnants of blueberry crumble. The current sheepdog is old and deaf and chewing on Steve’s sneaker underneath a shelf of awards. It is a portrait of a life of accomplishment, knickknacks, and loss but it is still alive, still growing.
“I may not be your Team Leader anymore,” Steve nearly growls and Tony nods, damn right, “but Natasha is.”
A horrible thought occurs to Steve.
Steve shakes it automatically but he doesn’t say anything back.
“Forget it,” Steve says, pulling his boxers and sweatpants back over his hips. He feels the wet patches on his legs rub themselves into the material.
The church next door was engulfed in flames and all the occupants were safely outside by the time Steve made his way over. Firetrucks had arrived and streams of water did nothing to dampen the raging inferno. The fire ate and ate and ate. The white paneling of the church became black with soot. The winds funneled the flames into a pillar reaching for the sky. The smoke rose as if the Holy Spirit too was evacuating the place. The roof collapsed piecewise, each crash causing fresh ashes and embers to kick up and rain down like fireworks.
“Not all of it. Too much.” Tony laughed and shook his head. “It doesn’t matter.” He stared into the depths of the fire. “The body’s going to be a bitch to get back out, I’m sorry about that too.”
“You tend to get bad around here,” someone said sympathetically as Tony reached out to stabilize himself.
Steve spares a glance for the dented steel. “Tell FRIDAY to open the doors and you’ll never see me again.”
“Fuck you, Steve.”
“I didn’t tell him.” The confession bubbles out of Steve. “After SHIELD fell and I found Bucky, I thought everything was going to be okay. Then I realized what had probably happened to the Starks and I just… ignored it. I bet on everything being
Steve grunted. SHIELD would have told her everything they knew. Sharon had once rescued him from a different pocket dimension. She knew every ugly part of Steve but she’d lacked that talent for dragging out worse, whole cloth, as they went. That singular distinction went to someone else.
Steve felt a surge of unbearable frustration before he dropped Tony to the floor and stepped back. Tony just flashed a cocky grin like he’d known exactly the magic words Steve couldn’t ignore. Steve knew he’d failed this test and he felt the embarrassment climb to his face in a flush. He left Tony to his victory in a pile on the floor. He didn’t look back.
“You were off active duty either way,” Steve said resolutely. “I’m not playing
“Is everything alright?” he asks. “Did you find Clint? Is he okay?”
“Thanks, Cap,” Tony whispered, smile frozen in place, but he didn’t exhale until Steve let him go.
He set a pace close to what he remembered Tony preferring. Not quite rough but close enough to the edge to feel dangerous. Tony didn’t give any direction otherwise. He didn’t touch himself either, body and pleasure entirely at Steve’s mercy.
Steve says, hugging him close after his return.
“You’re right.” Tony does a double-take and Steve keeps his voice steady. “They counted. You count.”
The North Wing.
“We have to go through,” Tony declared.
“I know.”
It was an admission: they could have gotten out of the Ether much quicker if only Tony had left sooner. If Steve hadn’t begged him to stay even as he killed him. If Tony had loved his murderer a little less. Instead they’d done what they always did and stretched each other past breaking point until the worst had come to pass.
Tony carefully weighs what an hour more with Steve is worth. “I don’t have time.”
“Just... stay there,” Tony said as he waded across the polluted water.
“Probably a good idea, I don’t think Stark checks his voicemail too often.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Iowa in February looked just as depressing as Nebraska in February.
"You lost."
Tony swallowed and let the bitterness rest heavy in his gut.
“You don’t get to tell me what I really want,” Tony said blankly. A spasm that could have been mistaken for pain ran down his spine and a wave of heat pheromones rose off him. “I want to get fucked and I want you. Yes or - ”
The stranger uses his free hand to push his glasses back up his nose. “Do you mind if we talk in the living room?” Steve doesn’t budge. “I promise I’ll answer your questions Captain, I would just like to be off the floor when I do.”
“You don’t owe me." Steve’s stomach clenched at the implications. "You certainly don’t owe me
“The Ether.”
Steve’s not falling for it. “Activating him won’t work. The Asset doesn’t exist anymore.” It’s not the whole truth. The trigger words are faded but where Bucky ends and the Soldier begins is much more delicate work. “He’s not your toy anymore.
“I hated winters the most.” Tony was staring out the window. “My room was cold. Not freezing, just cold. I’d try to get used to it but - “ his breath hitched. “He’d send for me and all I would think was at least I’m going to be warm tonight.”
Tony doesn’t like to talk about the missing either. “Not a peep from Bruce since he ran off with my jet and my science buddy. Nothing from Thor either but I thought maybe he’d try you first?” Steve shakes his head and Tony sighs, “I ran into Lang dressed as a waiter in New York. And Clint was stalking me for awhile.”
. Tony wasn’t the only one on edge - wasn't the only omega on the team even - but it was his spike of distress that choked Steve's senses. When he met Tony’s gaze he found worry and concern and perfect trust.
. Tony didn’t remember that but the cold drip of poisonous guilt in his gut meant his body certainly did. Steve remembered though and he was pissed. He had his arms crossed, feet stubbornly planted on the opposite bank as if daring Tony to defend himself.
Vision may not know how to sleep but he’s learning to smile just fine.
“No, if it was Hawkeye he was definitely missing on purpose.”
Tony didn’t press him. He proceeded to clean the wound as best he could with nothing but spit and polish. He tore some black thread from his own undersuit and used a bent piece of steel wire salvaged from Steve’s uniform to re-suture the cut. Tony’s left wrist was still sprained so the resulting seam was crooked and wonky. Tiny beads of red blood welled up on every stitch until the six-inch gash disappeared under a single line of black and crimson.
“We trust you, Bruce. We trust the Hulk too, he’d never endanger innocent lives.“
“You’re not.”
He still didn’t really believe this was Hell.
Steve doesn’t take the bait, Tony’s clearly in a foul mood. “Stark.”
“not be you?”
“An angry AI gave me your name and I trust her judgement.” He looks up and Francesca doesn’t bat an eye. “I don’t really know how this is supposed to work.”
“I’m sorry.”
The man tries to pick himself off the wall and Steve doesn’t let him. His hand smothers the scar across Tony’s heart as he pushes Stark back.
Tony spat a mouthful of silt into Cap’s face and aimed an elbow at his solar plexus. The shifting, uneven topography of the swamp bottom worked in Tony’s favour as Steve lost his balance and splashed down hard. He was still close enough to reach out and grab Tony’s calf, dragging him closer. Tony’s other foot lashed out and managed to land fairly solidly into Steve’s torso and there was a sharp cry as Tony was suddenly released. Gasping for breath Tony retreated further into the bog, his lighter weight to his benefit, but no one was following. Steve was still on his knees with one arm wrapped tightly across his right ribcage.
This is how he fails; alone and aware and disappointing.
“Natasha will be back on her feet in a couple of weeks.”
“I grew up to be my childhood hero, right down to his taste for liquor.” Tony’s smile is wry. “Dreams do come true kids.”
He hadn’t stripped a single item of clothing before resorting to the shower and Steve held his tongue. “You planning on staying in there?” he asked gently, careful to phrase it as a question.
He should have been grateful Tony wasn’t afraid of him but instead he spent the passing days in existential fear of faraway church bells and docile german shepherds.
He tries to fill himself back up with other things: Bucky’s smiles, video chats with Wanda, Vision’s terrible food, walks with Natasha. When it gets too much he picks fights with Tony and tells himself it’s in service of a righteous cause. As if Tony is the keystone and if Steve can just get him onside then the rest will fall back into place. They’ll get back what they had and who they were. Instead he gets harsh words and an orgasm as a consolation prize.
Steve lurched upright to stare down at his burning limbs and found nothing but skin. The grey sky was now the dull concrete ceiling of the Baxter medical lab. Any heat he felt was imagined but Steve still might have screamed had the cool air not stolen his voice as readily as the flames.
His heart’s racing too fast and someone is breathing too hard. He flips them, solidly anchoring the other man to the floor. He pins the Soldier’s arms and the other man doesn’t fight it, his limbs are lax in purported surrender but Steve can’t afford to believe it.
“Faces are hard,” Steve rasps.
I can’t be the only sinner and even if I was that doesn’t explain you being here too.”
“I don’t - “ he falters, trying to find the words, “I don’t not trust him,” the distinction will not pass the Widow by, “and I
“And I’m a masochist.” Tony saunters toward the car.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Martyring yourself on the altar of my questionable choices isn't a good look. Not all of us are repressed and pining, one of us is me. I know what I like. Getting pushed up against walls by built blonds who need a little stress relief? Absolutely A-okay.” He smiles wickedly. “If you want proof I’m sure I could dig up some of the footage from the Founder’s Gala…”
“When I didn’t know,” Steve corrected quietly.
Steve asks from behind the locked door.
The hand on Stark’s neck bites in hard as Steve spins him back around and devours his mouth before he can make things worse. This time Tony’s no help whatsoever. He can’t get away pinned under Steve’s weight but he struggles just the same. It stops being exhilarating almost immediately; goes from a whirlwind rush of lust to a slog through the motions. Joints bang at odd angles against hard floors; skin is rubbed raw. Under him Tony is sweating and still cold to the touch. Steve’s frustration mounts.
“Tony…” Steve searches for words of comfort, “Rhodes will - ”
It is an exercise in learning to love truth over beauty.
“He never lost me.” Rhodes looks as unflappable as ever. “Believe it or not between my own shit and Tony being Tony this happens about once every five years or so. I met him when I was nineteen, we’ve had a lot of practice.”
His mind stumbles over the name, drags him back to the present instead.
Steve retreated and the absence felt worse. “Do they hurt?”
Steve was on fire. His charred skin sloughed off in black flakes like bark off a tree, exposing raw nerve endings to the inferno to be instantly cauterized. The flames hogged all the air so the screams echoing in his head were trapped there. His tears evaporated before they left his lidless eyes. He could not remember
“Yes.” Steve helped himself to some pancakes too. Sam shot someone a warning look across the table, he couldn’t tell who. The crowded room sobered a bit but no one brought up the topic again. Hushed voices carried the conversation around him like a river around a rock.
“We have to get them all together one day. Everyone we can,” Steve says as he turns to Tony and hopes the sincerity reaches him. “A pancake breakfast, maybe.”
“It doesn’t matter what Steve should do. You’re the one taking advantage - ”
“You used to,” Steve remembers, “as a kid.”
Everyone could read the warning. There was the barest whisper of movement as Clint knocked an arrow. Carol’s eyes burned white. Wisps of red wound around Wanda’s fingers. Balanced on the edge.
“What now, Rogers?” Tony doesn’t get to his feet but he does turn to face Steve.
She makes him repeat it until his accent is perfect.
"No." Steve blocks him. For once this isn’t about a fight between the two of them. For once Stark’s the one reaching out and not the other way around.
The light also glints off the glass in his hand.
“Hey, Punk.” Bucky's leaning against the (triple-paned and bulletproof) glass with a smirk on his face. Intact and whole and alive - and the entirety of Steve’s life suddenly makes sense again even if he had to tear down every part of who he was to find it.
Sitting side by side is easy for how seldom is happens.
“But - “ Steve doesn’t know how much he should disclose, “but it’s taking a long time.”
He was still a liar. He’d lied to Steve before about greater things. So Tony had taken this secret and buried it deep while on the surface he remained more or less functional. Steve had seen the ragged edges of the wound and dug his thumbs in. He’d thought he was being kind.
“ - Cap?”
“I’m sorry.” Steve has to steel all his courage to lift his head. He remembers too vividly that look of heartbreak and devastation and he doesn’t know if he would survive seeing even an echo of it directed at him again.
“No.”
“I’m not just protecting
There’s a pause and Steve hopes. As much as he wants Bucky to be cured, there are days he’d settle for Bucky telling him it’s horrible, that nothing works and it’s all a trick - because then the waiting would stop and Steve would be useful again.
“Here’s the part where I’m supposed to say I kept it secret to protect you. But I didn’t. It wasn’t for your benefit, it was for mine. I don’t exactly come off well:
Steve pressed a palm to his cheek and relished the ache Bucky’s fist had left. “Where’s Tony?” he asked, the barest strands of panic beginning to coalesce.
“Still here,” Tony says with barely a hint of a tremor. “Feeling a bit like a Peeping Tom to be honest.”
Tony gives a tight, twisted smile. “You let a team of mad scientists lock you into a metal coffin and turn you into a perfect soldier. You almost let the Winter Soldier kill you because you were convinced he was still your old friend. Then you told one hundred countries to go hang because you knew better. You bet on yourself every time.”
Tony doused himself and only when he did not awaken from this nightmare did the magnitude of his situation hit him. “Where the hell am I?” he murmured.
“I was thirsty.” The stranger snorts into his tea, another less-than-proper mannerism. “Clearly it was a mistake; serves me right for stealing really. No one told me Captain America slept on the sofa”
Steve learns more about Stark in the following months than he ever wanted to know. He fixates on the details because the larger act is too big to contemplate. Tony is an assault on the senses that can only be parsed afterward: a jumble of sights, smells, and tastes that Steve's memory won't let him forget. Salt water cologne mingling with harsh petroleum undertones, scar tissue raised in pattern like braille. Stark’s circumcised, he’s mouthy, he
“Have you slept?”
Iron Man rejoined the Avengers, so did Bruce, so did Bucky. Logan and Reed went home. Clint won three hundred dollars on aqueducts. (Rhodey couldn’t believe it.)
Steve grimaced like he knew it wouldn’t and knew that Tony wouldn’t quit until he’d tried and failed. Steve barely changed position, just nudged his knees out wider and Tony found himself once again lying in mud but with a much greater prize in sight. He struggled to undo the zipper of Cap’s uniform pants and when he’d looked up for help, he’d only found Steve’s remote face staring down at him. Tony bowed his head back down. The sharp pain in his sprained wrist was brief and excruciating as Tony wrestled the zipper open but he was rewarded with a sharp hiss when he engulfed as much of Steve’s manhood as he could on one go. He couldn’t taste anything of Steve, just generic skin and aroused flesh. The angle was terrible and drool ran down Tony’s chin to join the mud as he tried to accommodate Steve’s length. His elbows dug into the soft muck and he slipped forward, impaling himself until the cockhead hit the back of his throat.
