All such good things. All such stabbing, painful things.
He doesn’t entertain the idea of pretending he hasn’t seen the box, not for a second. Maybe if Natasha had brought this to him days ago, when Steve was vibrating with stress but still pulling a dull smile for the nurses and Dr. Cho. Still hopeful. Still waiting for news. Waiting for Tony to wake up.
Since they’ve become friends, and Steve would say pretty good friends at that, he’s rationalized why Tony might have done it, since his idea of a man who would ruin and distort something so sacred didn’t exactly match up with the kind of man Tony was once you got passed his media personality. When you found the friend, and hero beneath it all.
“So, when do
Not when the body groaned peevishly.
Tony’s laugh is harsher than Steve expected, and he shakes his head, “Love at first sight, really Rogers?” he asks, but there’s less teasing in his voice now.
The only one who had known that was Erskine and Steve himself.
Steve looks out for everyone. Bringing home strangers from the park. He was selfless.
The last time Steve didn’t answer a direct question, it was because neither of them wanted to hear the answer. This time Tony suspects he’s just lost his train of thought surrounded by Tony’s scent in here. But it might be both.
Neither will Tony when he kisses him like that.
When Steve feels those work-hardened fingertips on his skin though, he finds the hardness there is the softest of all the pain Tony carries.
“How do you think you know that?” Fury demanded in turn.
Steve nodded, “He’s just so...” he sighed, “so vulnerable right now, and he’s trusting us to take care of him and I’m terrified I’m going to mess it up,” he admitted.
It didn’t matter, Bucky was instantly defensive.
He’d worried about tipping the team off about the differences between Steve and Tony though, so he’d locked himself away in the workshop the best he could.
“Yeah, you have,” Tony mumbles to himself, then looks up sharply, “It’s all over the internet,” he says, then winks a second late.
Steve Rogers was a nightmare when he was feeling insecure.
Not when the same pale yellow haze that had knocked out Steve in the first place returned to encase Steve’s unconscious form, hiding him from view for way too long.
Tony had no need to antagonize Steve anymore. The very act of existing was enough to set Steve off.
“Nothing, Steve. Leave it,” Tony sighs.
“What’s it matter, Steve?” Tony replied, and that was the real question, wasn’t it?
What a heartbreaking thought.
Starts with meeting Alpha Tony Stark.
Steve had never shown off Bucky’s bond mark for an alpha before then. Hadn’t ever cared to subject himself to the embarrassment of trying to seem appealing when he new damn well he wasn’t.
Tony gets his data from Jarvis directly.
The pit falls from Steve’s stomach and his face pales. Everyone turns to Steve, yet he cannot tear his eyes away from the news story on the TV.
“His office, all destroyed now, not that it’s much secret these days” Tony replied, glancing up from the circuit bored in his hands. They were in the lab now, the wind far too cold to justify standing outside in it.
When Tony first kissed him.
He doesn’t care about them.
“Hi, Tony.”
Tony laughs to himself like Steve missed something, but Tony laughs like that often enough it hardly bothers him anymore.
In another reality Steve had believed the worst of the damage had come from years working with his hands.
Still yells at Tony.
They fight about it once.
Steve finds a dreamless sleep.
So that is where it started.
But he looks, and they both know that he looks.
Having Steve in the lab like this feels surreal somehow. He can’t help but glance over at the couch in the corner. The place he had Steve laid out and moaning under him, wishing the whole time for Steve to look and smell just the way he does right now.
Tony shrugs one shoulder and drops his sunglasses back over his eyes, “Weirder things have happened,” he says.
“Oh Steve,” he breathes, “I’m so sorry, I’m sorry, I’m here”.
He looked like an alpha, he acted like an alpha, and he almost smelled like one too, unless you had the heightened senses of an alpha or omega.
Steve feels like he’s lost the last scraps of air he’s had left in his lungs and gained it all back at the same time. His heart stops and stutters simultaneously. His vision clears and goes black.
He deals pain in turn.
He thinks about what Tony said, and he feels dread well up because he doesn’t know, not like Tony said he knew, and that isn’t a whole lot better.
Tony already knew.
“God damn it, Rogers,” he breathes, hitched and broken with pain both real and imagined into a cloud of mist.
Captain America smashing a reporter’s camera and swearing on the five o’clock news is enough to get Fury to back off a little, at least.
And around and around they go…
No pack.
It’s paused, a freeze frame of the lucky shot. They’ve edited it, blown it up and traced the outline to make it all the more clear to the viewers.
Everyone but Tony, he should say.
Steve came back as Steve, and everything is normal but it’s really, really not.
“Because he thought you were dead,” Tony assures, “My father would never have shown it to me if you were alive”.
He couldn’t help but blush, “Sorry,” he mumbled.
Because Steve can’t say he won’t deserve it if his would-be husband hates him for this, but Tony certainly doesn’t deserve to be like
Steve’s skin is alite with his heat, and Tony’s reaching to adjust the heat in the room with one hand and catching Steve as he jumps up and wraps his legs around Tony’s waist with the other.
“He wouldn’t be my soulmate otherwise,” Tony says and it’s worse somehow.
That’s not the case today, though. It’s not the case because Tony
Bruce clears his throat and raises an eyebrow at Tony.
“Yeah, Clint, like a dog,” Bucky said out loud to get his sarcasm across.
He also knew Steve had been steadily relaxing into Tony’s scent, as fifteen minutes after Steve had curled up in a little ball, he had his face pressed into Tony’s pillow and barely had his eyes open.
She started with his formal moniker, but the way she spoke his name now, days later, it broke him.
He hadn’t realized that he didn’t sleep as often or as long as he needed to.
Steve had been groaning a persistent mantra of
like Steve is.
That’s what it’s starting to feel like.
“I thought it was meaningless,” Steve says gently.
He just needs Tony to be alive.
“He’s healing, Steve,” she tried so hard to pacify him.
“Sorry about him,” Tony grinned at Bucky, who shuffled a little closer.
He still presses the mug into Steve’s hands wordlessly.
had never forgotten to be an alpha, though.
Tony flirts and it feels more like a temptation when he meets Steve’s eye in the showers.
Not when Tony catches his scent.
Another ten minutes and Steve had fallen asleep.
Steve gets tired of the pitying looks by month three.
Steve gave him a gentle but pointed look, kept his tone even, “Bucky, you had something in your mouth,” Steve said.
Despite Tony and Steve’s fight, Steve can’t help but be just a little suspicious of the women who finally checks out and clean with Shield.
Steve would never forgive him if it happened, Tony knows. Steve is too devoted to fighting to ever let something like that get in the way.
Steve looks sharply to Tony like maybe what he says will mean something, and he supposes that it does mean something to Tony, to Fury, to the argument, but it’s meaningless to Steve when Tony answers.
…and over-compensates…
Steve allowed himself to suffocate in the new and beautiful reality he created with Tony for hours and hours.
Tony’s scent was consistently enveloping his senses with its warm, rich and bitter aroma. It goes to Steve’s head.
Peggy Carter’s niece, Sharon.
“I would be a different man if I got to have him,” Tony says.
It feels perfect.
Came back and then everything is normal.
Steve snorted at his boyfriend, “Sixty-four?” he asked.
Found there were things that Steve could not help, could not calm. Could not fix.
It is a pain unlike any other.
Steve remembers a lot of things.
“It’s a date,” Tony agrees with a soft smile.
Until one drink is three, and Tony’s three drinks are six and Steve’s not feeling much of anything from Bucky because he’s drunk and Tony’s drunk and beautiful.
Pepper doesn’t say anything when she see’s it a few days later, but she hugs him extra tight and Steve pretends he doesn’t notice.
Tony’s heart rate is
Rut? That was one thing. They had done it before. The precedent had been set.
His throat felt raw and there was blood, a lot of blood, by the time his stomach stopped convulsing.
It isn’t new. He’s woken up alone to cold sheets and Steve no where to be found before. It is far from the first time. It is far from the last.
Still, Steve couldn’t help but demand, “How can you say that?” harsher than he really wanted to.
It’s almost better than it had been in Tony’s sheets.
was temptation incarnate.
, Tony,” and he grips Tony’s other hand tight to his chest. Can’t bring his face up to look at him now, though he’s spent the last six months wishing only to see Tony’s eyes again.
Steve still wears it anyway.
Bucky offered it without hesitating.
A Claddagh ring.
“I know,” he tells Tony softly, his hand trembling when it comes to cover over Tony’s, “Does… Does this mean I’m the curse?” he asks, scared to hear the answer, scared to know the truth. Scared more than ever not to.
It’s Barnes.
Tony goes back to what he was doing, “Well it’s not like I can wipe it off and show you,” he grunts.
He watches Steve talk to Coulson and Barton and Hill with a relaxed ease instead of parade rest.
******
As always, thanks for reading!
“Woah,” he shouted, covering his eyes, “that’s a lot more naked super-soldier than I’m used to seeing,” he said, “by a solid sixty-four percent,” he added, peaking at Steve who was shirtless.
Even though there is no reality where Steve is as gentle as he is supposed to be.
Tony, of course, immediately taught Jarvis how to read ASL.
Skipping gentle, Tony went for effective, “Babe, wake up, it’s Bucky,” he said.
So, Tony just kept to himself.
It made Bucky feel awkward and good at the same time.
What made an alpha? Strength and territory? The ability to choose the right mate? Protect a pack?
Tony comes to take a seat next to Steve in the plush outdoor seating around the fire.
He’d come to Bucky about a week afterwards and introduced him to sign language. Bucky was slow, and didn’t
She smiled at him as if in response to Steve’s unseeing eyes.
He settled for beating the team back to the tower and locking himself in the penthouse.
Suffice to say, he did not expect the princess known as Bucky Barnes.
Bucky didn’t have the good grace to ignore Tony, though, and instead he shuffled from side to side and looked imploringly at Tony again.
“Alrightie, Princess,” Tony said, and stuck the purple one in his own mouth, then the pink one in Bucky’s.
Steve wields a weapon far stronger than the shield, Tony thinks.
It’s not real.
He dreams of Tony waking up. He dreams of their wedding. He dreams of Tony dying. He dreams of the stench of the hospital even on the nights he’s on Bucky’s couch and not in the armchair beside Tony.
“Maybe he’s right,” Tony shrugs.
She doesn’t, because she doesn’t think he’ll wake up at all.
Would never experience again.
“What makes you say that?” Tony replies, at his regular volume like he cares not for the rest of the team hearing them talk.
It’s not the first time Tony has woken up alone when there was someone in his bed the night before. He’s sure it won’t be the last.
Bucky went to find Steve, leaving her grumbling to herself.
A bitter old man.
Had given Steve his heart, gave Steve his body on a nightly bases, would probably give Bucky Steve if the man ever asked, but… that’s not what Bucky was asking for now. That’s not what Bucky was requesting that Tony should be able to say ‘no’ to, and so of course, Tony said yes.
Bucky nodded.
Except for all the things he does.
Tony lies in the freezing Siberian bunker.
(See the end of the chapter for
…and over-compensates.
Sometimes Tony, for all his childish and stubborn personality, can seem wise in a way Steve is completely unfamiliar. It’s usually in these conversations that Steve finds himself listening to a very different version of Tony Stark than most people get to witness.
It was the lighthearted kind of
that they shared when Steve took a mission for Fury, or Tony traveled for business, which was different still from the
It had never mattered what Steve was or wasn’t to Tony. He loved him anyway. Loved him knowing it was hopeless to do so. Now, Tony wonders if that wasn’t true at all.
They both know he’s lying when he makes all the promises she needs to hear to come back to him.
Both know that their breakup had little to do with Iron Man and more to do with the Avengers. One Avenger in particular.
Tony laughs softly then, “Oh how the tables have turned,” he says, and looks at Steve this time with a smile that makes Steve’s breath catch. Tony sits up now, faces Steve who mirrors his movement and sits up far less relaxed than Tony who has his elbows on his knees, leaning forward, leaning in.
“Really tell me about him,” Steve wheedled.
Without Tony, there doesn’t seem to be any version of Steve left. He is nothing but the shell of a man.
“I don’t like the idea of you rattling around a mansion by yourself,” he reads again.
And around and around they go…
Even when one of those alpha’s was Steve and really, he barely counted.
Steve came back, small, smiling, wearing big, grandpa tortoiseshell glasses and smelling like peppermint.
“Yes,” he says to the forever unasked question, “but I think you’re smart enough to know that”.
“He was a good man, Steve,” Tony says, then he nods, “I know why he died before I was born,” he says confidently. “Had to, was fate,” Tony says and it’s all those horrible thoughts Steve wondered about Tony having.
Steve still flashes angry blue eyes at him across the breakfast table one morning.
Then, he felt as if he had taken his first full breath in six months.
Or he had tried to.
He looks dead compared to the man Steve would have married.
like he can barely breathe for how Tony’s scent, dark, rich, warm, had begun the slow deadly process of replacing blood and oxygen in his body.
Steve’s told not to hope, not to hold his breath.
That was his best friend. That was his teammate. That was the guy he rutted up against and who rolls around in Tony’s den and…
It’s Barnes’s.
Tony stabilised it for Pepper. Dr. Cho and Bruce could…
He gives the PR team enough to deal with as it is.
Steve had sat down with Sam and tried to explain Bucky’s situation without getting into the details too much, hoping Sam would be able to help.
Steve doesn’t back down, which surprises absolutely no one.
, but it was still less rest than he had been getting. Tony couldn’t figure out what was going on, but Bucky hadn’t even attempted sleep in days.
The genius had been going through as many obscure names as he could, testing Bucky’s threshold, and Bucky only denied anything more than four syllables, so alas, the Winter Soldier was now ‘Princess’ and he was mostly fine with that.
Steve had always been able to smell Tony—and it’s a warm scent, a good scent. He’s never picked up on the more subtle changes though, only the dramatic ones like anger, rut, fear, and pain.
everyone who wasn’t Steve or Tony.
The quality of this fic is extremely sub-par, haha. I kind of forgot this was like the first or second fanfic I've ever written which is why I never posted it... Oh well! It's a niche fic anyway, and it's not like we get to be choosey!!!
He wouldn’t need to think about having Steve here if there was no ‘here’ to be had.
This is almost entirely slice of life, but there is a part two that involves the multiverse and quite a bit of angst. If enough people enjoy these characters maybe I'll continue with it too.
This was Steve spreading the creamy white of his thighs.
Tony has always known about this part of Steve. He just never thought he would see it. That it would be real some day.
“Well, I haven’t seen yours,” Steve says in answer.
He was Captain America.
Steve always looks so pretty in Tony’s den.
“We could,” Fury challenges.
It was painful and hard and heated and gentle and agonizingly bittersweet.
Starts with Steve, ends with Steve.
Steve still gets his own way.
Tony is doing him a favour, fixing the splitting strap of his shield for him. Steve’s too polite to just drop it off and leave like he does when it’s SHIELD that’s working on it.
He knew Steve smelt nothing like an alpha and nothing like a beta, but that he instead smelt so very, very faintly s
Steve grunted, but didn’t move, and Tony shuffled over to give Bucky a little more room.
Everyone else had given Steve a judgmental look when he disclosed his destination.
The worst thing was that Tony had never been interested in having a mate and the pack that accompanies such. Never found himself drooling over omegas with pretty bond scars running up and down their shoulders, showing off the number of betas they’ve acquired like jewelry hoping to catch the eye of a wealthy alpha. Statistically, there was no need to think about ever finding a mate. The numbers just weren’t there.
“You sent him for a psych eval when he found out his soulmate was alive and a week later you tell him his soulmate is young wild and free right here in the bright new century?” Tony spat, “Nice try,” he said.
“When I first read about it in your Shield file, I felt sick,” Steve admits, “There was a picture, but I couldn’t bring myself to look at it,” he says, “After the war, all those camps, I couldn’t stomach seeing another desecrated soulmark,” he says, “It’s what the Nazi’s did to same-se—”
Steve and Tony had to teach him these things.
Steve voice is a purr and its suggestive and flirty and Tony has no chance of saying no to it.
The velvet box sits closed on the table. Bucky see’s it and doesn’t comment. Sam see’s it and his face turns all the more saddened. Bruce and Dr. Cho, Pepper, Rhodey, they are all too busy staring at Tony’s sleeping form.
His therapist said it was good that Bucky could still trust, and that he was selective in who he offered that trust to (Not Natasha or Sam) and that it was okay to want to be seen by people, after spending so long living as a ghost.
Especially Bucky.
Steve gets up, gets his coffee, goes to the couch in the common room.
Because of his tattoo.
Tony’s brain was wide awake, though.
This was Steve underneath him.
He didn’t get to, unfortunately. He had a therapist appointment that day, and then he was going for smoothies with Clint, mostly to give Tony and Steve some time alone.
He wasn’t even really sure what he’d been expecting when he’d shuffled through the apartment and ended up standing there.
That was Steve.
It feels like coming home and being stranded at sea at the same time.
Children are not.
Tony still continued to treat Sam and Nat like they belonged to Steve and getting too close might have meant something.
Steve reaches out, tucking locks of hair away from his face. Tony brings Steve’s hand to his mouth and kisses his knuckles.
And when Tony is awake enough to be coherent? He takes Steve’s breath again, lost on a gasping laugh.
He has a momentary spike of fear, of panic, when he feels the weakness in his arms and legs, when he has to squint to make out the people in the room. Recalls being sick and weak and
Like his father.
Steve is calm and patient and smiles more than any of them have ever seen.
He tried to tell Clint in words, but choked on them and reverted to signing.
But Tony had no one. There was never a connection to have missed.
He was even better at that than Steve.
Steve wasn’t such a trusting man himself, Bucky knew. Never liked to appear vulnerable, and yet he must be with Tony when they were together behind closed doors.
By month five Steve doesn’t respond to Fury’s calls. Won’t stray from the tower, from Tony for less than the call to assemble.
Steve doesn’t leave Tony’s bedside that night. The few hours it took to take down Killian the longest he’s been away from the comatose man since the accident.
He’s had a fair few drags himself, though he knows it never lasts more than a couple of minutes in his system, but he can’t help the turn his thoughts take when Tony’s restless fingers are tapping out a beat against his own chest, right where Steve’s soulmark rests on his chest.
A drink Tony made for him through many previous heats and movie nights. No one is supposed to know that though.
Steve spends too long in the shower.
Steve had never gotten horny or desperate, never asked to touch Tony. He had been content to be in Tony’s space and near his scent. By day three, all he smelled like was Tony, and Tony tried not to let that go to his head. It did. But what can you do?
Steve gives up the pretense of being even marginally okay. He refuses to leave even to eat, change his clothes.
But he didn’t.
Not the lab. He couldn’t handle the image of the couch where he had Steve laid out underneath him, not when he now had the image of Steve as he was just then in the quinjet burned into his brain.
“Okay, that’s fine,” Steve said, giving Bucky a gentle smile, “you’re allowed to suck on your thumb,” he said, “no biting though, and not on the metal one, you could hurt your teeth,” he added.
When the dust and magical pale-yellow light has settled, Steve feels sick with the irony.
Tony can’t help but want to laugh, but instead he throws Steve over the arm of the couch and licks into his dripping cunt while he gets himself off a second time listening to Steve’s high pitched moans of ‘Alpha’ and the taste of that burning sweet peppermint on his tongue.
And they don’t.
Steve needs to do something to adjust. To accept.
Tony’s fingers sliped on the zip of Steve’s suit though, and Steve… Steve should have stopped him. Should have checked in.
Familiar like the shield, familiar like the strength that Tony has always carried. That he builds and nurtures in those around him.
“Sniff,” he instructed Bucky, carefully keeping his eyes on the ceiling, Bucky appreciated that. “Tell me which is the best,” he said, then went through all five vials until Bucky said “three,” and Tony nodded and added it to the water. Then he did something that made the water move gently around and Bucky was surrounded by the smell of cloves.
When Steve meets Sharon, she asks if they can do this the normal way, instead of immediately shoving her mark into his face and Steve appreciated it more than he can say really.
They didn’t get along.
There was a reason they hadn’t suggested it.
This is entirely smut. The whole thing. Just sub Steve and dom Tony going at it okay? Bucky's not even in this chapter. He went out.
Began with Steve in this body. He fills this skin so much better, Tony thinks.
But Tony’s tattoo wasn’t just any tattoo.
Holds Steve still with his own restlessness.
At least Tony doesn’t reek of alcohol the way Howard did.
Tony was still asleep, and Bucky had curled around him, had his forehead pressed between Tony’s shoulder blades, but when Bucky moved away and rolled onto his back to mumble something to Steve, Tony jerked awake.
Steve nods, and silence stretches on between them as Steve thinks.
“You’re a god damn idiot, Stark,” he whispers to himself.
Tony said the name stuck because Bucky
Steve was an alpha, a lot of the time.
He listened as Bucky’s breathing slowed to match more closely with Steve, signifying that Bucky was actually asleep this time.
Tony pushed away from the railing with a sigh and Steve worries this is it, that Tony will leave right then because Steve couldn’t find the right words, but Tony doesn’t leave.
How strange.
Steve crawls out of bed past ten, and he’s dressed in fleece pants and a too big sweatshirt waiting for the coffee to finish brewing. The sweatshirt is alpha-Steve sized and familiar, it’s more of a dress on his slight frame now.
Tony seriously regrets the high waisted tact pants because of how great they make Steve’s ass look, but it’s the same style as his other suit so he doesn’t think he did it on purpose.
It starts like this…
“He’s my friend!”
Sometimes Tony has a look like he knows something no one else does, and it drives people crazy.
Get Tony in a room full of new and powerful people, he stands at the highest point and mocks the leader. He was over-compensating.
He was never interested in finding an omega with a pack for Tony take on and then protect and care for and keep safe with a state-of-the-art security system he personally designed in a state-of-the-art tower he personally designed. It wasn’t his thing. He hadn’t needed a scrawny little homemaker with a bunch of friends taking up space in Tony’s home.
Moved to sit on the counter top because he couldn’t keep looking up at Tony or he might never have left.
them make him feel that good?
“Aw man,” Sam had said, “I wish I could help more, but uh,” he scratched the back of his neck, “I don’t think he likes me enough anymore,” he chuckled, self-deprecating.
Steve felt…
Barnes is obviously aware of that when he barges into Tony’s workshop a few hours later. It’s nearly three in the morning.
Bucky raised an eyebrow in disbelief. Bucky was well aware it was weird. That was the problem.
Absolutely no one believes him.
Even more so when he’d forced the popsicle past Steve’s lips, kissed Steve’s cheek and called, “See you tonight, don’t forget to chill the wine,” on his way to the elevator.
And he was being such a
Covers Steve in his own bitter rich scent.
“I’m going to be offended if you keep acting like me seeing it is worse than the whole world seeing it,” Tony says jokingly.
It’s small and shallow, on his shoulder and not his neck.
“Hand talking is fine,” Bucky had said the other day, “Clint… not fine,” he said with a grimace.
Tony’s scent was not only stronger, but it was different from his day-to-day scent. Even if Steve had never scented another alpha in rut, he knew.
blushing,” he whispered.
“God yes,” Steve pants.
Steve wears it anyway.
Steve disappears a fugitive in a baseball cap and a straggly beard.
Warmed Steve with his own heat.
Tony doesn’t look thrilled at the answer, but well neither is Steve, if he’s honest.
Steve’s original designation was rare. Very, very rare. Zero-point-five percent, rare. To be fair, Alpha’s were just as rare, sitting around two percent in the modern world.
Not like Tony’s fingerprints on his hips would.
“You spoiled the surprise, that’s not like you,” Tony whispers, concern lining his already hallow face.
Except in all the ways he’s not.
Blurs like the tears he pretends are not there falling down the drain, invisible in the stream of water and
He took a breath, felt air reach deep in his lungs, air that was filled with concern and confusion and fear from Nat and Sam.
Steve understood what he was being told now though.
Sleeping.
Bruce had been kind, if a little awkward. More awkward than he was with the others, which was saying something. He was charged with ensuring Bucky was actually able to survive off of his plant drinks and Tony’s frozen treats and had to take a blood sample.
It goes on like this…
His scent sinking deep into Steve’s very soul. It was no wonder he couldn’t wash him away.
Steve told the ceiling man to get Tony and a moment later the eccentric genius was in the doorway.
Everything had felt like a dream up until the moment Tony’s eyes land on that spot on Steve’s shoulder and suddenly reality warps and changes and bends to accommodate this new world he finds himself in with Tony.
Steve still puts the team through training everyday, still refuses to let Clint sleep until noon, still makes breakfast for everyone on the weekends. Still keeps the coffee pot full even late into the night when they all know Tony is the only one who’s crawling out of the woodwork wanting it.
He hadn’t hated his reflection when he wasn’t going through that
Reality changed to allow Steve access to Tony’s body too.
It would have been hilarious if it hadn’t also been so frustrating. He had almost wanted to tell the team, but he was afraid—it wasn’t like those with his prior designation were the most respected people in the world, even now. Society was filled with stigma and stereotypes that could call Steve’s command into question.
Steve was surprised, how much of his old friend was still in there. He’d expected Bucky to be nothing like his old self. There were a lot of differences, sure, but the sass, the princess attitude, oh man, was it ever Bucky from before the war.
Killian’s laughing face.
He woke up -actually woke, not just became aware-
Which drew Steve’s eye to the ink that resided in the skin of Tony’s chest.
Steve snores softly.
Bucky’s behaviour was… unusual, for sure.
“Can I ask Jarvis what you were doing?” he asked next.
“He’ll just come back,” Steve says, voice dull. Killian has been coming back for Tony for too damn long.
Steve is light in his arms and he still has the audacity to feel real there with his legs wrapped around Tony’s hips as he carried them to the bedroom.
Sugar sweet with every shallow breath Tony drags in. Spicy, sharp, and clean peppermint in his lungs.
None of them were true though, Steve knew the moment his eyes landed of the broad expanse of the genius’s chest.
Holding his breath.
Not when Steve moves to sit up, only to fall immediately back into unconsciousness.
“That’s different, Tony,” Steve scoffs, “It’s a tattoo”. Though it was arguably more revealing about Tony’s soulmate than the mark would have been.
Bucky doesn’t take him to the penthouse. To Steve and Tony’s home. For that Steve is grateful. He’d barely spared the space a glance the few times he left for a change of clothes and a shower. Still, he knows there’s two half empty wine glasses on the counter. A few dishes that were left to soak two weeks ago stinking up the place.
“Well, no—” Steve tries, but Tony waves him off.
Bucky just shrugged, “I’m more focused on learning how to digest solid food,” he said, “I can figure out sex later,” he said.
Then, he felt as if he had taken his first full breath in six months.
Found there were a lot of things that Steve was helpless to do anything about.
Bucky curled tighter around himself.
He didn’t know what to think about Bucky’s revelation around his current progress in sexuality, though. He was almost afraid to check the files they had found for information on what might have been done to
Steve came back as an omega with his pack.
Tony doesn’t look at him, just nods at the skyline and says, “It must have been hard,” like Steve wasn’t just explaining a version of Tony’s own misery.
It doesn’t matter how few or how many alpha’s Steve’s gotten on his knees for in the past.
Steve kept waiting for Tony to say it. To drop a hint to the rest of the team. For Natasha to finally see it.
Feeling companionship with Nat and Sam was one thing, but Steve as an alpha was incapable of forming a pack of his own and thus the memory of the pack he once had with Bucky remained honoured in Steve’s mind.
Natasha tells Steve that Tony is jealous, and Steve tries hard not to like the way that sounds, but then he recalls Tony’s own soulmate who is
He can’t bring himself to take it off now that it’s sitting there on his hand heavy and severe and…
“Oh man,” Sam had groaned, “Ohhh, man” he said.
“Don’t be late,” Steve whispers.
“But,” Tony says, matter-of-factly, “I don’t think you really want this to be a cosmic mistake,” he tells Steve, “because if it is, that means the suffering doesn’t really stop, does it?” he asks, and he knows the answer when he asks Steve, is the thing, “For either of us,” he says, and maybe Steve was mirroring Tony’s posture just a little bit more than he thought, because Tony was a lot closer than he was a moment ago.
It had taken Natasha two months to notice Steve spent a lot of time alone for a few days every month. She, and everyone else, came to the very wrong conclusion that Steve had probably experienced alpha ruts more often than average and that was why he always got so snappish.
Understands why Tony had looked and felt so alive with nervous energy that night before the call came.
******
Steve was not,
In the answering silence of Steve’s shock, Tony adds softer, “So I kind of have to, you know?” and his voice is far away and distant, “Think it’s all meaningless, that is,” and his smile is nothing but a fragile and cracked mask, “Wouldn’t want to assign that more meaning than it’s worth and all,” he huffs shaking his head.
“What if you don’t like them?” Tony asks after a long moment.
Tony laid there a while, listening to two sets of breathing, Steve’s slower than Bucky’s but both even and deep.
Reality changed to allow Tony inside him.
Normal, but for all the ways that it is not.
. That lasted until Clint realised that Bucky
For all Steve has come to understand Tony more and more, he still cannot say what he had said or done to make Tony so mad that night.
furnaces. He couldn’t even stick his leg out of the covers which was an important part of sleeping next to someone who generated heat like Steve. Tony even had
Tony could argue that Steve’s made the request now, but he knows no one will buy it.
Tired, chilly, snappish.
an alpha, though. Tony knew Steve was an alpha, but sometimes Steve had done things like say... bring home a beta he found in a park in DC, and Tony would forget. Find himself
Also this chapter is super short! Sorry about that.
’ to be coming from Steve’s throat.
Reality had changed to something good. To something beautiful. To something Steve could never experience without Tony.
“Hmm? Oh, yeah, hang on,” he said, then began rifling through the cupboard. The bathroom was big enough to have a cupboard. It was crazy. The bathtub was just a small swimming pool, really.
The tension doesn’t fade with silence either.
Steve wanted to kiss it away but found it impossible.
When Steve has the spell reversed.
Heat? That was different.
But it was
Steve takes his own hits before he hands it back.
Under the kitchen table, with a gun in each hand and both trained on the elevator, but still. That was where Bucky always slept.
To say nothing of the way Steve
He never drinks the coffee. Tony has to take it out of his hand when he nods off a few times.
Steve came back.
It’s Tony’s question, but Steve relishes stealing the other man’s breath for once.
Sticking his leg out of the covers, he grumbled, “Oh thank god,” and finally let himself relax.
It didn’t help that she…
“There’s only one God, ma’am,” Steve had said once.
“Good for you,” Tony says, but his tone gives the opposite impression.
How do we feel about this?
That was the opposite of why Tony had avoided her and Sam as much as he could reasonably get away with.
It doesn’t matter though because a few days later Tony’s hand twitches against Steve’s and he once again can barely breathe.
“Hey,” Steve says later the next day after Steve done countless meetings to discuss how to deal with it by not dealing with it, “Where are those files, anyway?” Steve asks.
Wanted to know what Tony’s mouth would feel like everywhere.
of the box since Natasha gave him the bag of Tony’s things, though his memory prevents him from forgetting what awaits him.
Tony is in and out of consciousness for a few days, and every time he blinks open his eyes, he turns to his left, murmuring Steve’s name. And every time Steve’s breath catches and stutters along with his heart like he’s nineteen years old and the windows were drafty.
What a hell of a thought.
Steve went back to his attack on Bucky’s hair, this time combing something through it that had the tangles falling apart in his hands.
Tony’s smile is soft and full of something great when he leans in just that much further and kisses Steve.
A moment passes before Tony speaks again, “It was supposed to be… Ruined,” he mumbles no longer smiling, “When I saw it, I wanted it
He looks dead, he feels dead, he smells dead when you compare him to the person he is supposed to be.
Bucky glared again and didn’t comment further. He finished his smoothie and left Clint standing there instead.
And so Steve opens the box.
That made Bucky stop, because he
The only pack that Steve ever had was Bucky.
So, Tony knows.
“I knew as soon as I saw it,” Tony admits on a resigned sigh, “Soulmates are funny like that, Steve,” he says and looks at Steve with a little grin.
Could have married.
Tony’s soulmark isn’t covered so much as it has been obscured by the feathers of the great bird on his chest. Steve can see it when Tony strips himself of his shirt completely. He knows exactly where it rests, that it is a thin line of black that curves very gently and the feathers that surround it have been designed to cradle that gentle curve.
Freckles, a scar on his stretched wide jaw, a crooked nose.
Revealing a crescent shaped scar.
Steve doesn’t answer, and that usually is cause for concern.
It’s not the first time Steve’s wasted all the hot water in the shower trying to drown his mistakes. He’s sure it won’t be the last.
Steve falls into his own dreamless sleep, face turned towards the slight smile left on Tony’s lips.
Steve hits the elevator button for the workshop by mistake when they all make their way back to their own quarters. Barnes has to correct him.
Steve can’t tell what kind of bird it is, not with the way the reactor has become the centerpiece in place of the bird’s head and upper body, but he isn’t sure he needs to know in order to understand. The body language is enough, the great bird looks strong and powerful, proud, yet at the same time the wings curve in slightly, like this bird of prey is readying to strike when it is not. Steve knows this because there is already something clutched in the bird’s deadly talons. Maybe, Steve thinks, they bird is protecting something.
He thinks it may have been exactly what happened though.
Tony’s four drinks in when Steve found him, but it doesn’t take Steve long to catch up.
Steve hadn’t reacted poorly to Tony’s proximity either. Tony had taken that as permission and stepped closer. Steve had
Tony goes into rut the day after he watches Steve battle with some second rate robots in the middle of downtown.
It was amazing what a dazzlingly strong body could get people to over-look.
“We still don’t know that he’ll wake up, or when”.
Tony snorts, “You’re telling me?” he laughs and that’s it. They don’t talk anymore about it, yet Steve can’t stop thinking about it.
Asked if Steve wanted to go up on the roof, and play a game of stars or satellites with him.
Tony doesn’t actually notice at first, he’s too busy with Peppers emails about SI.
But it’s really not.
That’s the torture.
He wants to know why Tony feels like this. He once told Steve that there was a chance Steve’s soulmate was in fact born in this century and Steve had denied the possibility. The sudden change of heart is unlike Tony and Steve doesn’t care for it.
Around, around they go…
“tha’s for babies,” Bucky mumbled around his thumb, that had returned to his mouth the second Tony released his grip.
“Thanks,” Bucky replied.
Bucky had… thought Steve was being tortured by the things coming out of his mouth through their bedroom door.
Steve shook his head, frustrated with the other man. Steve knew Tony wasn’t really so heartless, wasn’t nearly as unaffected by his soulmates passing as he made it seem. Steve still hated the way Tony mislead everyone, the way he tried to force himself to be bitter and distant instead of accepting the truth.
He’s still so gentle when he takes Tony’s hand in his, peppers kisses all over the cool flesh. Each scar and divot, every callous and vein. Kisses and kisses and cries all the while, sobbing quietly now, and
Tony wakes to the scent of coffee wafting from a steaming mug on the floor, and peppermint on the sheets.
Makes it real even when Steve does something Tony was sure he could not do and
Ending with Steve’s beginning. Ending where Steve wanted to start again and again and again.
“What do you know? Steve questions in reply.
Steve still cannot form any sort of reply before Tony really does stand up and leave.
Tony hadn’t met many people that weren’t betas at the time. But he could still have said he’d met more than the average alpha, thanks to his lifestyle.
The rest of the team were a little put off by Bucky though.
When he dumps the contents onto his lap, he understands why.
It isn’t new. He’s spent forty minutes scrubbing himself clean of Tony before. It is not the first time, but this time he has bruises that don’t wash away and he thinks that maybe this time it’s worse.
Steve’s other hand comes up and rests on the scythe and forget-me-nots that live nestled in the feathers over Tony’s heart.
He never tired of seeing Tony smile a real smile. Never ceased doing everything in his power to have those smiles directed his way. Steve was a flower to the sun that was Tony Stark. Soaking up every drop of light and attention the genius spared.
It is so perfectly traditional, unlike the ones Steve has seen around the twenty-first century. Just like Steve’s mothers. It’s so perfectly traditional but for the arc-reactor blue diamond that sits inside the heart. The metal, when Steve’s shaking fingers make first contact, is familiar.
These places should not, cannot, overlap.
Watches Wilson rest his chin on Steve’s head and get batted away laughing.
It was not a direct question, and Bucky didn’t have an answer anyway.
This time they’re not alone though. The team is there. Tony is uncomfortable.
Tony won, and yet he was not the victor. He doesn’t think there was one.
They already were.
He’s asleep.
Bucky.
If Tony’s hand finds the omega’s ankle a few moments later… well, that’s probably a much bigger gesture than it appears.
Steve had slipped into another reality when he had slipped into Tony’s lap. When his shirt had slipped from his shoulders.
No alpha, no beta, and no omega with Steve’s skill would have let the Winter Soldier inflict the damage that Steve allowed unless it was pack. Steve may not have had Bucky’s teeth marks embedded in his shoulder at the time, but he was still Steve’s pack.
******
“It wasn’t my place,” Steve says softly, apologetically.
Steve has an eidetic memory, has since the serum. Still, when he replays that night in his head, he cannot tell the truth of events from what is Steve’s own love drunk and rose-tinted glasses skewing things out of proportion.
It reminded Tony of the way he had been after Afghanistan. Everything felt so tentative, fake, he felt like he was constantly walking a tightrope, a strong breeze away from loosing his god damn mind. The only saving grace was Pepper and Iron Man. He’d clung to Pepper because she was familiar and he needed her in a way he barely understood himself at the time. He needed her structure, her unwavering confidence. Again, when he was dying—he’d taken comfort in Pepper even as he was trying to push her away. Comforted by her strength, her authority, her competence in the face of
With Sam… it was different. He knew, for the most part, that Sam was good. He was safe. He was a friend. All the Avengers were friends and no one had hurt him since he arrived, but Sam had come the closest with the ‘incident’. He knew, objectively that Sam hadn’t meant to hurt him, had been trying to help by giving him food… It was just hard to get that fact to the forefront of his thoughts when he saw the man.
“You don’t,” Tony says with more confidence than Steve is sure Tony can possibly have about anything, and Steve’s seen the way Jarvis runs numbers before Tony says he’s sure in the field.
They don’t find out that the media caught a lucky shot of Steve crawling out of an explosion of rubble, his suit torn and exposing his soulmark to the world for a single shifted moment until they are back at the tower, everyone more than ready to pass out still caked in sweat.
“Tony, please, please wake up,
The soft velvet is beginning to wear away at the edges just as Tony’s muscles are wearing away too.
Instead, sometimes Steve said Bucky fell asleep on the couch in the afternoons, sucking on his fingers and looking
“You’re always tired,” Tony pointed out.
Every part of Tony hates it.
“I think it’s why I just… I didn’t like you at first,” he said instead, “but I liked you fine even after that, even before I saw it,” Steve admits, “but when I did see it the first time…” Steve trailed off.
So, Tony strips a layer, rolls up the sleeves of his black long-sleeve and Steve unbuttons a couple of buttons from his own shirt. His scent is everywhere now, released from the stifling collar of his shirt. Steve’s got an undershirt on which is Tony’s saving grace really.
When Bucky was gently suckling a popsicle it was
Steve does not flirt.
“Like… on the floor?” he asked.
“You’re all about the meaninglessness of soulmarks,” Steve says, “I figured if you could, you’d have looked mine up to make a point,” he says.
It feels incredible, and Steve always heard about this moment, and it’s not magical in a way that science and chemicals can explain the way it burns so fucking good. No, Steve knows it’s all in his head when it happens, just notions of fairy tales and romance films but it does nothing to stop the way his breath hitches slightly, audible between them.
get a sensual, aroma therapeutic bath, Steve?” Tony teased.
Steve feels perfect against his lips.
Tony’s smile was blinding, made Steve’s heart beat faster at the sight.
to Tony get in the way of a battle, of giving orders, of being a leader.
So, Bruce’s weariness and pity wasn’t quite so bad, since he did get to smile at the end of it.
Right now, Steve is looking at the hybrid expression of those two distinct Tony Stark looks ™. Wise beyond his years, and arrogant know-it-all wrapped up into one.
It just hadn’t seemed like much of a problem until Steve found him again a year later.
Steve offers a small smile at the beginnings of the soft guitar intro. It’s tense, that smile, and it doesn’t take a PhD to see that.
It felt unbearably nice.
Tony can hate Steve for putting him here, can hate Steve for being stuck-up and righteous (though he resembles that very little right now) he can scream at Steve about Howard, or he can remember nothing at all and stare blankly at Steve in confusion. He doesn’t care.
“Soulmates are meaningless, Steve. Loveless,” Tony sighed, rolling his neck and stretching out languid and relaxed. At least that’s what he wanted to portray.
He watches sunlight reflect off Steve’s hair as the sun sets over the city one evening while the team are all out on the roof and wonders if he looks better like this, or in the twinkling city lights. He’s not sure he could ever decide.
“Never again,” Tony hums, “Never again,” he kisses Steve once more, before settling back against the pillow, closing his eyes.
He really isn’t that tiny. Four or five inches shorter than Tony, and long limbed despite his height.
He wasn’t sure what was making Bucky start to panic, colour pinking his cheeks with shame as he slowly moved away from Steve, shaking his head. He didn’t look like he was having a flashback, his eyes, though refusing to meet Steve’s and skittering around the room, were clear, if a little watery.
“Buck, what were you doing?” Steve asked, gently and non-accusatory.
“You look like you managed alright,” Clint pointed out. In fact, he had pointed it out the moment he saw Bucky.
Then Bucky had come to the tower.
It’s unrelated. Only a few days off schedule.
But then Tony’s eyes flicker open with a pained sound, and Steve realises that was exactly was he has been doing.
even though
“Steve,” Dr. Cho had called his name a few times over the last few days. Telling Steve he needed to leave the hospital wing, sleep, eat, shower. Move.
Steve doesn’t even recognize his own voice.
Tony’s voice snaps him out of it as he swans into the room, later then the rest of the team since he was escorting the Shield van with the mission’s prisoner. “You know Steve, most people make an online dating profile”.
“When did you get it?” Steve asks, because he has also noticed that Tony maintains the tattoo very well. It’s recently been touched up, the ink a little darker, the lines sharper than they were the first time Steve saw it a year ago. It means Tony’s had it a long time, yet he doesn’t allow it to fade.
Sweet and gentle and powerful all at once, and now with the scent that matches it.
It’s a blur after that.
It’s different for Steve but he can’t help thinking he wishes it wasn’t. What that means, he cannot accurately say to himself or to Tony. Maybe he wishes it was just different for Tony.
Let Tony scent him.
It was pretty clear they needed some time without Bucky around, if the sheer number of time’s he’d walked in on them getting heated in public spaces was any indication. They’d stopped having sex while Bucky was home once they realized their room was not soundproof for super-soldier hearing, so it was no wonder they were both so… handsy.
He didn’t have the serum.
He’s always known death would be significant in his soulbond.
When Tony followed orders without fighting him, Steve saw it as pity. When Tony fought him, questioned him, or ignored him, Steve saw it as a challenge.
Away from Avengers Tower.
After his initial weariness and dislike of Clint and his constant talking, Bucky had started warming up to the guy. Especially after Clint had introduced him to ASL, which made communicating outside of the safety of the penthouse worlds easier.
It’s Bucky’s suffering that Steve is feeling.
At first it had been great. He had felt rested and energized in a way he hadn’t for as long as he could remember. Two months later, it wasn’t really sufficient anymore.
He’s not wrong.
He doesn’t let his mouth touch Steve’s throat, not willing to hear if Steve will get far enough into the heat of it that he says out loud what his body is already begging for.
And Steve… Steve took everything he could, basked in it in a way he knew he couldn’t bask in the morning afterglow.
But he can pretend when he hears the word AIM.
Tony never listens to Steve.
Tony had done the proper alpha thing and kept his nose out of Steve’s business when Nat sent news of the Winter Soldier’s identity to the rest of the team. Whether that was because Steve and Tony were at odds, or because of the implications of an alpha coming to help save Steve’s beta, it was hard for Steve to have said.
His scent gets stronger and stronger the longer he waits at the coffee maker. It’s not desire, it’s not slick, it’s just Steve.
Steve had got some colour back not long later.
“He died before we met,” Tony said with a shrug, casual, “I imagine he was a better man for it,” he said with a wink and a sultry smile.
It’s not long before Tony makes up an extravagant excuse to leave that Steve can’t tell if he’s lying about or not, and they don’t bring up soulmates the next time it’s just the two of them, but Steve’s gets brought up the next time there’s a mission and the team all have breakfast together the next day.
Steve frowned, “I’m going to get Tony, okay?” he asked.
The shield stays hidden somewhere, and instead Tony designs a lightweight carbon fiber version that comes to a devastating point for both offensive and defensive use. It stays firmly attached to his person instead of being tossed around like a frisbee.
Tony is projecting, but he doesn’t think Steve minds.
Steve didn’t seem shocked by this, “Mornin’” he greeted them both.
“Tony—” Steve tries to plead, but the other man cuts him off, standing to leave, though he’s not mad, Steve can tell. Tony just suddenly looks exhausted.
Between his teeth.
He supposed it probably meant he was in love with Tony.
Steve can’t make out what it was, that soulmark. He knows where it is though, and he knows Tony knows that too. It is in an identical placement to Steve’s own, follows a similar gentle slope on his pectoral.
Most people think Tony is incapable of companiable silence, but Steve finds there’s few people he would enjoy silence with than with Tony.
Tony’s eyes have been fixed on Steve’s chest for a long time when Steve speaks, so he knows it’s already on Tony’s mind.
Bucky knew Steve’s team didn’t like him very much, but Steve and Tony did, and that’s all he needed right now. He’d consider making more friends once he figured out how to eat toast.
“You…” Clint had looked at him, concerned, “
Nothing does.
Steve was quiet a while longer, “I don’t know if I want to,” he admitted, “I want to believe the universe just messed up, that it was some cosmic fluke, because I think…” he trailed off and then took a breath, “I think if I don’t think that, then I’m just a selfish man who left his soulmate suffering, hurt, and alone all this time,” he whispers.
The weight of it hits Tony like a wall when he walks into the common room and
She has a brown paper bag with her. Steve opens his mouth to tell her he’s not hungry, and he’d really like a little more time with Tony alone, thanks, but there is something in the way she holds the bag. It’s crumpled, fraying and nearly torn. She holds it with a white-knuckled grip.
“You need to get out of here,” it’s Bucky this time, not Dr. Cho, not Bruce, not Sam.
This time when he’s in New York it’s not for work, it’s because he just wants to see Tony again.
Steve still loved Bucky, maybe even was still a little
“No, he hates hospitals. He’ll kill me if I let you guys set up all this stuff at home”.
“You know, Extremis will bring him back”.
Of course, Steve came back. That was never a question.
Tony. He didn’t want to come between them at all. That would be
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, sliding down to get comfortable on the pillows, “you’re a big baby,” he teased.
Bucky shrugged, “Not like him and Tony,” he answered honestly.
It’s Tony’s den.
“Aw, man,” Clint hissed, “I’m sorry, I thought you were just the tall, dark and brooding type,” he scrubbed a hand through his hair, “Shit,” he cursed.
That’s just Steve. Steve’s situation is the only one that’s always developing, always changing. Not Tony’s.
Steve’s cheeks turned further pink, and Bucky couldn’t help but reach up and poke the rosy skin.
Tony lets red bleed into his own vision and asserts that he will not be going to mandatory training that afternoon.
The empty ring box still sits on Tony’s bedside table, though it was shifted slightly. Pepper hadn’t met Steve’s eye as she left, quiet. He assumes it was her.
He was forming opinions left and right now, when a month ago Steve had to wait twenty minutes before Bucky could be sure if he wanted orange juice or apple juice.
“What’s that?” he croaks.
Showing Bucky, turned into bathing Bucky, because he’d forgotten about taking off his gear, and that soap was a necessity. Hydra usually stripped him and hosed him down and sometimes left him in his clothes, if they were bloody too.
Was that where it ended? Or is that where it began?
Steve, just to save himself the heartache when his boyfriend inevitably cheated or left him.
Steve’s not trying at all when the lab door hisses shut behind him once again.
“So… in their bed… with both of them?” Clint said slowly.
“To me,” Tony nods, ignoring the real question, “But you think it means something,” he says decisively like he’s chosen to agree to disagree about it and move on.
Steve knew he was still stuck and old fashioned in some ways, but he liked to think he was up to date in this kind of thinking. He had always advocated openly for marriage outside of soulbonds, so he really didn’t think much about it.
Tony turned to Bucky, who shrugged and crawled over Tony to slot himself down in the six inches of space between Steve and Tony.
“What made you look it up?” Steve asks on one such night.
They Assemble in perfect harmony, just as they always do.
One that covered his soulmark.
Tony above him, hard and heated and restless and urgent and sure all at once.
Tony never forgot to be an alpha, but
“I’m home” Steve had replied, knowing neither could tell if that was a good thing or not.
Steve smiled, shaking his head, “Of course you’ve got a number for that,” he said fondly, “Do you have anything I can use in Bucky’s hair?” he asked seriously.
Months ago in his other wrong body.
If you read last chapter and saw that it said (November 2015) that is incorrect! I meant to take it out but I didn't notice. That was just me playing around with the timeline in anticipation for part 2 and doesn't much matter to this fic at all.
Maybe he is, but maybe not for the reason she believes. He doesn’t think he’s that transparent. Doesn’t think Tony would ignore it if he was.
Since chapter 6 was so short, here's another!
And as the door closes, Steve collapses onto his knees and he finally cries.
Which is why Steve had been able to get away with not being the perfect alpha. Not like Tony was.
When Tony realized that Bucky had begun to treat him with the same amount of trust as Steve, he panicked.
It’s horrible to hear Tony admit he believes his soul was meant to be tied to death and nothing else.
This is permanent.
“1985,” Tony says because he knows exactly what Steve’s talking about.
He means it, despite the disbelief that Tony shows on his face.
It was Steve.
It’s just Steve, and that makes this so much harder.
Bucky yawned, “Only when ‘m sleepy,” he said, closing his eyes. So Tony was right about the oral fixation and sleep deprivation.
Bucky shook his head, made a horrible choked off whimper and rasped, “Stevie?” in that small, scared voice of his.
Steve admired Bucky so much, right now. He was trying
There are scars on Steve’s body like this. More than just his pack bond.
Eventually, Tony’s mind wandered back to his troubleshooting, and he pulled up the screen to finish up.
Tony warred with himself for some time, wondering if he should bother. Wondering if that would have only made it worse.
He wasn’t really sure what it meant that he had started to hate it.
We are caught up to present day now so no more time skips, just the three alternating POVs.
Reality, beauty, and bitterness. End and beginning.
Bucky was the furthest thing from a functioning adult as you could be with most cognitive abilities, the physiology of a twenty-seven-year-old male, and a chronological age nearing a hundred.
Except the heart monitor.
he had.
Hope is a funny little thing though.
Soon enough Steve’s shirt is revealing delicate collar bones and the tops of his shoulders.
, because for a moment there, Steve wasn’t the only one who believed in the symbol of that shield.
Right away Steve knows that this is more information than Tony has ever given on the topic, and despite how many other people are in the room, it’s Steve who Tony stared back at, as if he’s speaking only to Steve, like the others aren’t there at all.
It’s silent for a long time.
This last mission has ended, yet for the first time since the first Battle against Loki, the team don’t all immediately scatter again.
Tony was doing so much for Bucky, just like his boyfriend always did. Steve was unbelievably lucky to have Tony with him right now. Was glad that Bucky had taken to his new boyfriend so quickly too.
He had very different feelings for each of the super-soldiers he lived with, but in the end, it was the same result. He’d give either of them
“It’s okay,” Steve tried to soothe, “you’re not in trouble,” he assured, that was an important statement to make with him, “just give me the popsicle stick okay?” he said.
Clint’s eyebrows rose, “Tony and Steve… let you sleep in their room? Where did they… wait,” he said with realization.
He takes the box, follows Bucky out of medical, into air the doesn’t smell of nothingness and antiseptic.
Steve’s scent warms when he see’s Tony.
“And he just showed it to you?” Steve asked. Maybe Tony had peeked where he shouldn’t have or something.
He’s so beautiful.
that Tony is right.
And Tony spares Steve from getting blasted a hundred feet into the Hudson under a few hundred pounds of cement.
‘sleep in Tony, Steve room’ he got out as quickly as he could.
It’s been weeks with Sharon now, and yet they move at a glacial pace. That’s Steve’s fault, he knows. He just can’t shake the feeling that maybe Tony was right. Sometimes he thinks she’s so perfect it’s suspicious, then he reminds himself that the relationship is bittersweet and flawed anyway so it must be real. Then he thinks that the pain is too spot on to be coincidental, and it’s the whole thing in reverse.
Let Tony slot himself into the space between Steve’s spread thighs and rut their clothed cocks together until he makes them both cum.
Undeniably Steve’s. Tony would know. He had been chasing that not-quite-there scent on Steve for so long, he was practically an expert. Thing is, he was not quite sure what to do with a lung full of it.
Fading away slowly just like Steve himself.
Other than that, Steve is exactly the same.
He wants to know if Steve will sound the same as he did that night now that he’s in heat.
That Steve is exactly the same in this body as he is in the one that will never let them be together.
Tony couldn’t help the quirk of a smile. His boyfriend knew him well. Still, “you can’t prove anything,” Tony replied.
Which is slowly killing Tony.
Steve feels warm and firm and real, his scent is bright across Tony’s nervous system, sweet, sharp, clean and minty and Tony buries his face against the scent gland at Steve’s throat and the smaller man gasps weakly. Steve’s body goes soft, pliant against Tony.
It transcends the reality they are in and cuts sharp and sweet against everything Steve was.
But it was Steve’s.
Steve keeps in on.
Tony knows Steve had given up hope.
Tony had read the files,
Can’t help but try and sooth the bitter hurt.
There is no part of him that relishes in being the one to leave this time.
Steve had known that Tony knew what Bucky was to Steve.
Steve just shakes his head, “I can’t leave him alone”.
Steve still felt his fingers itch to touch, to trace. The lines of Tony’s tattoo, the line of the soulmark he could still see but not in any way that could mean something between them. He balled his hands into fists instead. Tony’s own fingers traced though, almost subconsciously Tony’s thumb ran over the length of his soulmark as they spoke.
Bucky gave up, pulled his knees to his chest and shrugged, because that’s all he could do. Nod, shake, shrug.
Especially with the way Tony avoided Natasha and Sam. It had all seemed too pointed a gesture.
He had never let his feelings for Tony get in the way of his responsibility to the Avengers though. Their jobs were far more important than Steve’s feelings for his teammate.
It cuts deep in his chest, tears him up inside. Turns his blood to ice in his veins. Burns him at the same time.
Tony wakes alone.
Tony could admit, when he told Steve to bring his POW ex-boyfriend in from the cold, the genius had no idea what to expect.
“I demand candles,” Tony added, “I’m a classy bitch, you know,” he continued to tease.
but when Tony was deepthroating his own popsicle, dressed in a sharp three-piece suit and then kissing the life out of Steve, is was decidedly
He let it get in the way of a battle, of giving orders, of being a leader, but that all came later.
Came back to Nat and Sam.
The argue back and forth, but eventually Pepper comes and sits at Tony’s other side, and Steve knows he’s lost.
Goes on when they did nothing but fight. When Steve over-compensated. When Steve left. When Steve came back.
After that Tony watches Steve, but he doesn’t dare interact very much anymore.
It hadn’t mattered what Tony had meant, not really.
A heat he’s still not sure has gone out.
Tony walks down the sidewalk a free man with a black eye and broken ribs to show for it.
Drunk, beautiful, and staring at Steve.
Steve in his typical grandpa clothes, with his typical perfectly combed hair.
things. He tried to not think about it. Bucky would talk about it if he needed to. He repeated it like a mantra until he was able to go back to reading his book, which is what he had been doing prior to Tony’s departure, and a while later, having lost himself in the text, Steve remembered to look up and check on Bucky.
“And if I do?” Tony sighs.
“Should have left it a surprise,” Clint says, though not unkindly.
It doesn’t take long for Tony to want to kiss him.
It’s everything Steve hadn’t dared hope for.
Look at bucky go! Figuring himself out and stuff. We're starting to tackle Bucky's asexuality too, so I think it's important that I give the reminder that Bucky not being interested in sex is NOT trauma related, but that to other characters it might seem that way as it's often people's knee jerk reaction to asexuality. The way other people perceive asexuality is also going to come up the next time we visit Bucky's POV and it gets pretty messy for him, but it all works out!
There’s a pack of gum, lose credit cards, a few nuts and bolts, an Allen key. A small velvet box.
Steve caught on, too.
Tony is her friend too and Steve feels bad about his behaviour. He does. He still tells her to leave. Raises his voice and stands on shaking legs, uses his full height to
It wasn’t an alpha’s scent. Wasn’t a beta’s scent.
Steve was an alpha, and he had no pack.
Bucky wiggled around, got comfortable on his stomach with his thumb in his mouth and closed his eyes, it was a far cry from the defensive position Bucky usually adopted when he needed rest.
But then there was Steve. And then there was the team and then there was Bucky and Sam and Nat but before that… before that it was just Steve.
Goes on when Tony
He thinks maybe he did, just a little.
Bucky nodded with a small smile, and then having finished his popsicle and was now sucking on the wooden stick.
“It’s great that you’re recognizing the potential for developing a serious dependence and that you’re opening up about it before it goes to far,” she had praised.
Tony, as it was, had been standing at the mouth of the alcove that was home to the couch, his bed, Steve’s nest. The old, lumpy hunk of scent. His and Steve’s. Mostly Tony’s now, as Steve’s shirt had lost most of the omega sweetness.
Thus, it was Steve’s fault they weren’t all ready for Bucky.
His first instinct had been,
Tell Steve what to do, and he’ll fall right in line. He was a solider.
In the weeks following that discussion she spends far more time than Steve is really comfortable with trying to find him a date. When none of it works, she challenges him on his pessimistic attitude. She swears Steve’s still an optimist at heart, and Steve thinks that’s incredibly kind of her, but to prove her point, she goes ahead and looks up Steve’s mark.
“His thumb, Captain,” the AI responded.
Steve looks in a way that would see him in confession on Sunday if he knew that it would help. Unfortunately, Steve knows that no number of hail Mary’s will purify his thoughts. Or stop his sketchbooks from filling with images of Tony’s profile.
Tony busies himself in the kitchen to give himself time to clear his head.
The scent gets weaker every morning.
Tony nods, “It was,” he says simply.
Over Tony’s
in your world.
When he noticed there was far more room in the hospital bed than he was used to.
When Steve and Tony start arguing, the whole team is suddenly alight with nervous energy, and it only makes Steve more pissed with Tony.
He had felt anger at himself for not being a real beta.
Steve can’t hold himself together anymore, and the tears start spilling over his cheeks. It was up to Steve to tell Tony about the time that had passed. He took that on when he looked pleadingly at their friends, desperate for a few selfish moments alone with his love.
“Thanks, Buck,” Steve said.
As if in response to Tony’s mental musings, Bucky scrambled into the bed and laid down on the far side, a good four feet between him and Steve.
that Steve hopes they will never, ever go through again. That he’s not sure he
Steve’s foot makes its way across the sofa to deliver a gentle kick to go with the small smile Steve flashes over the rim of his cup.
to move past Hydra, to get himself together. He kept pushing himself, even when he got frustrated, even when there were things that were just too much. He didn’t give up.
He says it like Steve is right there with him, and Steve has to shake his head, “I can’t,” Steve says. He can’t because if he can, if they’re both so similarly alone then Steve might do something stupid and kiss him. He can’t, because he isn’t sure anyone could every feel as alone as Tony must have felt, must still feel because it’s not like the situation has changed for him.
on his own.
Tony knows this isn’t an ending, so he’s perplexed on why they have found themselves back at the beginning all over again.
Steve didn’t mind that Bucky was like that, though. It made helping him easier in a way because he didn’t get embarrassed when Steve had to do things for him, not like other people expected him too, at least. Bucky did get frustrated sometimes, but he didn’t deny when he needed help and when he was struggling with things, and that… that made a world of difference.
Tony sits up though, swings his legs around like he’s going to stand up and walk away without getting the final say, but he just reaches for his whiskey that he had been sipping at a leisure pace and then downs it.
He understood why Steve had fallen for him, understood why Steve was willing to go to the ends of the earth for him.
Tony was half convinced Steve was going to leave him for Bucky, had even contemplated biting the bullet and breaking things off
On days like this, Bucky was soft and gentle, a little scared, a little nervous, a little bratty, and very, very orally fixated, and Steve was always ‘Stevie’.
Natasha comes down hard on Tony, asks why Tony can’t just be happy for Steve, and Tony makes some snide remark that’s more defense mechanism than answer and they all know it.
. Not today. Maybe not ever.
“You’re lying to him,” Tony spat at Fury when Steve failed to open his mouth to speak in the wake of the revelation. Of hearing Fury tell him his soulmate was alive and likely born here in the twenty-first century.
Open and inviting and warm, now with the pack bond that proves it.
At least, that’s what he had believed then in that reality.
They did, actually.
He looked forward to being clean.
Then she tells him.
Tony smiles one of those smiles at his own expense, “No,” he says, “A much, much worse man,” he answers.
Steve isn’t still. He doesn’t lie there and take like most omegas would. Not that Tony expected him to. Not after all the times they’ve done this.
He looks less fragile now in clothes that fit his smaller frame. The image of Steve dwarfed by the Captain America suit could have been comical if it hadn’t been so terrifying.
The more Steve sees of Tony’s tattoo over the week, the more he thinks about it. One of the things that Steve has noted about Tony’s tattoo that really prove it a memorial more than a disrespect, is that it isn’t actually a cover-up tattoo the way he had thought.
They made it beautiful together when Tony’s lips had pressed to his. When Tony’s body had slipped into his.
And rejection.
chest.
Steve’s not interested in bashing his emotions out with the shield. Not unless it’s on Killian’s face. He’s not useful as a battering ram against anyone. He’s too unpredictable right now.
Hey, so I know I promised to focus on Bad At What We Do, but I haven't been able to write much lately, and this one is practically done, so it's just a little something to keep the content coming I guess.
Maybe that is why Tony wondered about not liking your soulmate. He doubts it, but still wonders after it anyway.
He’s buying time, Killian. Steve knows it, but he still hesitates.
“In your professional opinion?” Tony teased.
Sam had felt really bad about what happened with the solid food ordeal, and then admitted to overstepping a second time when he found Bucky sleeping under the table.
Tony looks at Steve then, “Are you?” he asks, “Suffering, Steve?” and there’s something sharp in his voice, something urgent but nervous that Steve can’t begin to understand.
Tony’s not looking at Barnes. He’s got his eye on the sky-blue shirt peeking out from under the pillow.
The contents go clattering to the floor when Steve’s whole body jerks.
“You… you’re okay with that?” he asked, skeptic.
“No problem, snowflake,” Tony grinned.
He’s known Tony might never wake up.
Bucky didn’t know what Clint was talking about. It was clear Bucky wasn’t interested in Steve, wasn’t it? Or had Bucky been overstepping his boundaries? He didn’t… he didn’t want Steve to himself. He liked Steve
“I keep thinking about what that must have been like,” Steve tells him, “I shouldn’t, I don’t want to, but I can’t help it. You must have felt so… alone,” he says.
The best Tony can do could never stand up to Steve Rogers though.
Bucky shook his head, bringing his hand forward, “Don’t got one, sir,” he rushed, then cringed at his own use of formality, “I—” he started, “I uh, nothin’, I wasn’t doin’ anythin’” he mumbled.
that just slipped out, almost meaningless on his tongue but for the way that it was more meaningful than Steve or Tony could ever truly understand. It was the kind of
In the face of his confusion, to Tony, it seemed like Bucky had two settings: Completely self-sufficient and ready to fight anyone who tried to tell him what to do, or, completely dependent and ready to fight anyone who tried
He’s not dead, he’s just sleeping.
Bypassing the complement to his boyfriend, Steve was taken aback. Both by the revelation and by Bucky’s apparent peace with it.
You would think that would teach Steve to drop it, but he never stops thinking about it. He knows Tony doesn’t want his pity any more than Steve wants Tony’s, yet they are both helpless to stop it, Steve thinks, with how gentle Tony usually is about bringing up Steve’s mark.
Once he was around functioning human adults, Bucky realized that he… was not.
And Steve still forgets about Captain America, even as it’s that red, white, and blue spangled shield that comes down over and over on Aldrich
And they don’t.
Habits like immediately curling up on the couch, knees to chest, making himself small.
Instead of tackling those feelings, Steve asks instead, “Tell me about him,” because it’s mid-summer and Tony’s in a loose open collar shirt that reveals both ink and arc reactor to Steve who wears no shirt at all.
Though in every sleep that follows it in the following months, Steve dreams.
Steve’s scent immediately sours, burns up and out until it’s dimmed like a suffocating fire.
And he did.
Steve could not breathe.
The eyes, the growling that follows, it’s not the same. It really is though.
Steve braced himself for Tony’s reaction, likely a harsh one. Steve’s heart fell, terrified he had just overstepped vastly as Tony’s shoulders tensed.
But it wasn’t as if Steve could have reversed his designation, even if he had wanted to.
Steve couldn’t picture Tony being with someone so much older than him, but lately Steve couldn’t picture Tony being with anybody without feeling an awful turning in his gut that resonated like jealousy does.
Thanks for reading!!! Still hoping I'm managing to portray the trials and tribulations of asexuality okay, considering the spectrum of it all. Sorry about the angst! We can't let Bucky have everything figured out though!! but he still has his shit more together than he does in canon for sure.
Or coming home to find that the house is on fire.
She stops him from opening it then, a serious look on her face.
Something about how Tony always seemed to get Steve when it had come to his soulmate, and the rejection of this possibility felt important some how.
“Nothin’” he said, shoulders rising with anxiety.
Tony does end up staring at Steve the majority of the time he’s there, but Steve’s too busy with the bots and his insistent tidying to notice. Steve’s scent was getting everywhere, touching things in every corner of the space and Tony shouldn’t be as pleased as he is at that, but he is.
Natasha finds him later when he thinks he must be out of tears. She enters heedless of what the nurses must have told her about Steve’s behaviour towards them and their attempts at small talk. Up until that point Steve maintained a certain amount of composure, of levelheadedness. Of his usual stable stubbornness. He’s not sure he’s going to get it back
“Has anybody else seen it?” Steve asked, thinking about the mark underneath the ink.
Tony had been standing there with a blow torch in hand.
“Sleeping,” Bucky had replied.
Tony is pretty sure she walks away knowing that.
Still, he is weary, though he cannot say why.
But then Steve recalled the other reason why Tony might have had that cringing expression on his face when he squared his shoulders and peeled off the top half of the flightsuit in anticipation for his turn in the shower stall.
. It was so, so faint, Tony had thought it might just have been in his head. It was not a hormone cycle, not really. If it had been, Steve would have smelt sticky sweet and like thick melting sugar in Tony’s throat. He hadn’t smelt like that, although Tony knew that was what Steve’s body thought was happening.
“Shit,” Tony cursed softly. One of those days. Also happening more often, and probably connected to the lack of sleep. These were the days Tony hated to love, if that made any sense.
With a quick glance over at Steve, who could sleep through just about anything when he wasn’t on mission, Tony told Jarvis to open the door. He couldn’t exactly get up, not with Steve’s arm tossed over his hips and in his underwear.
Hydra had been right about that.
They would be explosive.
There was the serum. In Steve’s blood. In Bucky’s.
Just never thought he’d see the evidence of it.
“So, who’s your girl?” Clint had asked, motioning to the pile of guns Bucky was in the process of cleaning.
He wouldn’t have done it if he could.
He thought maybe he should have been jealous, but he wasn’t. Bucky was a mess of thoughts and feelings, sex falling incredibly low on the list of his priorities and then Steve was making even more noises, ones that sounded a little less pained than before and how could Bucky be jealous when someone was making Steve feel that good? When Steve had given himself over to someone
And wouldn’t that just be the kicker. All the people he loves forgetting him. Peggy to Alzheimer’s, Bucky to Hydra, Tony to
When Steve, still sitting on the edge of their bed, pulled Bucky closer, the man came willingly. Standing in the v of Steve’s spread legs, it was as if his strings had been cut, his legs folding under his own weight, Bucky collapsed.
Tony can’t escape Steve’s scent now. It makes him crazy, he thinks.
“More than most people can imagine, Steve,” Tony murmurs back.
“You can come in, Bucky,” Tony said, then shifted, shaking Steve gently, “Babe, hey wake up,” he whispered, aiming for gentle.
alpha’s and it would have never worked out. He knew this, but there was just nothing to be done about his heart.
Steve speaks up again half way through a movie Tony can’t even recall the name of, let alone the plot.
Steve had helped Bucky shrug out of his many layers of Kevlar and leather.
Tony was pretty sure Bucky’s oral fixation was directly linked to sleep, and the rest just tagged along.
That behaviour resembles the kind of jealousy that Steve feels guilty over wanting, so he crushes it down and pretends he believes the lies and excuses.
So that is where it started. It’s not where it ended though.
He had felt anger at himself for not being a real omega.
He knows what they’re not saying.
was just… all kinds of wrong.
Instead, Steve looks.
But he feels pain all the same.
It’s nothing short of horrifying, really, when Steve thinks about it.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve says into the space between them and no one else.
Steve gave in to helplessness that night though. Gave in and let Tony turn that awful feeling into pleasure.
Not when he’s with Tony, he thinks but he doesn’t say it out loud. Just thinks stupidly about non-soulmate marriages for reasons he can’t exactly explain to himself.
******
Thinking about how Tony had gotten it tattooed over sometime before he turned eighteen, that it took some less than three years before Tony had dared check the global database of passed single bond halves. Something Steve still hasn’t worked up the nerve to do himself, knowing it will only lead to another gravesite to visit.
speak, even when he wanted to sometimes. Then the archer got frustrated, because he liked to talk, but not the same way Tony liked to talk (when Bucky didn’t have to do more then nod or huff to keep up his end of the conversation).
To meet Tony.
Tony see’s red.
To be fair, Steve’s eyes didn’t linger anywhere on his teammates, neither her nor Clint.
Even more predictably, Steve’s eyes flew open, “Wha?” he said, sitting up quickly and looking around.
Steve would like to say that he doesn’t end up thinking over what Killian said. About Extremis.
“That’s not enough! That isn’t proof and you know it! Unless you have his soulmate hiding around that corner, you’re lying to him,” Tony spits venom.
That meant that Bucky wasn’t sure how to survive
That was the part that made his blossoming friendship with Nat so painful.
He knows what he’s expecting when buttons are undone and eyes are left lingering, but that’s too many drinks in and Steve can’t say what his original plan had been with any certainty.
He does not represent the epitome of human perfection, nor the pinnacle of good and righteous. There is no part of Steve that feels
After that, all of Sam’s attempted nicknames were met with a hard, “No,” and all of Tony’s more ridiculous ones were met with an accepting silence.
Tony’s tattoo stretches wide and proud, symmetrical across his chest. The tips of wings brush the bottom of his collar bones and feathers stretch down to the bottom of his pectorals. The artwork is done entirely in greyscale, but the detail is extraordinary and lifelike. The arc reactor sits in the center of Tony’s chest, and though Steve can see that the reactor came after the art, and scars have left the ink milky and lines wide in a few places, the tattoo is in no way ruined by its addition.
“You’re not. There’s a tower full of people willing to sit here for a night so you can get a proper shower and some rest, Steve”.
Tony feels eyes on them in a way Steve is too out of it to understand. Even still, he only pays attention to Barnes. Nat and Sam too, though they are secondary to Steve’s true bonded pack.
The navy of the mask that covers Steve’s identity and scent brings out the gold in Steve’s hair and the blue of his eyes.
Like Tony left a piece of himself inside Steve that Steve could never scrub from his body.
That was the worst part.
Steve can’t help but let his words get ahead of him again with the heat of Tony’s naked skin beside him, radiating warm enough that Steve thinks he can feel it through his own layers of canvas and Kevlar, “He must have been a good man,” Steve says softly, quiet between them.
He’s still in pre-heat, surrounding himself in blankets and people he likes. Not yet irritable. Not yet horny.
Steve’s been numb, barely alive for months now. A shell of a man. Still, he feels even colder. Ever further from this reality and Tony is wheeled away for testing. Gone for hours at a time. Dr. Cho and Bruce sparing Steve the occasional smile with a frazzled edge and sleepless eyes.
“Hey man, you look dead on your feet,” he’d said one day, noticing the bags under Bucky’s eyes. Bucky replied with a grunt.
“It’s a big bed, Tony,” his boyfriend pointed out, biting his lip.
He just sits there for hours, and then later for days as he goes through the routine of his life. He just thinks about what that must have been like for Tony as a young man.
“Not productive,” he replied. They always took up the same seat at the back of the place and people-watched, which was what they did now. “I can’t figure out how to
A heat that only burned brighter when Steve explores Tony’s body next, but with the little sharp points of his teeth, dissecting the scars surrounding the arc reactor with burning peppermint-pink lines.
Steve’s the same as he always is in heat.
Tony doesn’t leave the lab for four days.
He refuses to let Steve stay at the tower when he and Sharon are visiting New York for Shield business. Something about needing time to update security to allow her access, something about being in Hong Kong, something about another bullshit excuse not to let Sharon come to the tower.
The obligation that is keeping Steve in Tony’s workshop is obvious though. Tony just tries his best to keep the awkwardness a little less palpable.
He does not try.
They didn’t.
Steve sighs, “Clint says you’re just bitter because you don’t have one,” Steve says without guilt, “He was actually less sensitive than that,” he adds, and Tony snorts a laugh.
It stays, a constant pressure, a dull weight, like the reactor that used to sit in Tony’s chest.
Even knowing this about himself, Steve doesn’t want to drop it. He doesn’t want to stop thinking about Tony’s soulmate. He doesn’t really want to think about his own. Not in any way that matters. Not in any way that does anyone any good because he’s instead thinking about Tony.
He was slow to admit it to his therapist, but Bucky’s trust in Tony had blossomed not because Steve
Steve remembers missing Tony in that way that meant he called three times that evening, pouting and asking after his boyfriend, and then pouting some more while dinner kept warm in the oven because Tony would be ‘just a few more minutes in the lab’.
It is because just like always, Steve comes down into the lab and they pretend nothing happened, and they don’t fight at all, and everything is calm and quiet and safe.
A fresh wave of tears wells up in Steve’s eyes when Tony remains motionless.
Steve goes boneless when Tony presses him down into the fabric of the den. He groans out something that sounds a lot like Alpha.
He woke hours later.
“God damn it,” he curses under his breath.
He had lied about more than just his address on his enlistment papers.
No, because they do it all over again…
It was no surprise that Steve was the person Bucky liked to listen to. That was expected. What wasn’t expected, was Bucky listening to Tony.
Well, that wasn’t true. There was a pack.
It rattles Steve and leaves a ringing in his head that doesn’t seem to ever leave.
Tony tried not to think like that though.
He didn’t exactly blame them.
Between his thighs.
Reality changed to allow Tony’s lips on his.
her leave.
Steve smiled, gave his hand a squeeze, “I’ll show you when we’re done here, okay?”.
Tony’s hand comes up and he doesn’t even look, just maintains a searching sort of eye-contact with Steve when his hand covers over Steve’s soulmark.
Tony flirts like Natasha flirts. Without restraint or discrimination. Tony flirts in a way that would get him jailed or worse back in Steve’s day.
There’s a complicated pass of emotion on Steve’s face
is the workshop, or the twenty-first century, neither of them are sure.
It smells the way Tony feels.
“I’m glad you like it,” Tony says quietly, almost too quiet to hear.
“Why? Why do you say things like that? How can you be so jaded when you never even met yours?”
Because Steve spent all his heats with Tony for almost two years. All but the last three.
“I—I’m so
It’s the only scent he’s come across that hasn’t smelt rancid with anxiety.
He hadn’t realized that he couldn’t speak most of the time.
So, Steve had known that he and Tony were going to butt heads a little.
The contours on Tony’s face have changed with weight loss, but he kisses Steve just like he always has.
It’s Bucky.
Also, the 20 chapters is an estimation. I eye-balled it because I didn't want to count. it's currently sitting near 60K words it that helps.
But he doesn’t.
Not that Tony’s ever seen, at least.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says despite the joke in Tony’s tone, “It just seems weird, you seeing it before we met,” he says, “You saw it before I was—when I was still in the ice”.
He felt beautiful somehow when Tony was inside him. Felt like Tony’s beauty had reached inside of him the same way Tony was with his tongue and fingers and cock.
He could always smell Tony before he could hear him approach, and that somehow had felt amplified that day.
There is no mansion to rattle around in. At least, there’s only part of it still standing.
He thinks about all the conversations they have had up here, and he thinks about how he and Sharon just aren’t there yet in their growing relationship. Aren’t anywhere really.
“It’s… I missed you so much,” Steve cries, “It’s been… It’s been
Steve does, if only so that they can enjoy the late spring sunshine for a little while in peace.
Tony’s hand closes the distant between them.
But Tony had known of its existence. It was hard not to after DC.
It was just Tony’s luck that that person was someone that he really, really liked.
Bucky paused, and eventually nodded.
have some protective tony, tony feels, and stony smut.
that came with having fallen asleep and woken up together, limbs entangled and heat shared every night and every morning for a very, very long time.
“You feel incredible, Tony,” Steve whispers.
“Me too,” Steve said, and for some reason he felt his cheeks heat when Tony looked at him and smiled.
After that Natalia had looked at him with pity and disgust.
“No”.
Bucky let his jaw fall open, too used to following orders to disobey when he was already feeling horrible. Tony pressed the icicle to his tongue.
Looking small.
But Steve was still an Alpha.
. With Steve, with Tony, with
Even Natasha bought the alpha shtick.
“Well now the whole world has,” Tony says breezily.
When Steve first arrived in the twenty first century, he went to church every Sunday like he always had before.
“Yeah,” Steve had agreed, breathless and now with a dripping popsicle in his hand.
Steve’s heart clenched painfully. Bucky was slipping, fear raising and breathing speeding up in panic.
“Bucky, you need to shower more often, this is…” he sighed, “have you showered in the month since you got here?” he asked.
kind of flirty, but when Bucky did it just made Steve laugh.
. That was laughable. It wasn’t an accident what Killian did to Tony.
He never could.
It’s not real when Tony’s hands grasp Steve’s tiny fucking waist. It’s not real when he pulls Steve into his lap and the other man comes willingly.
Except that he did.
Like Tony could possibly forget with the burn of the omega on his tongue.
“Someone should always be questioning your motivations, Fury, but you can’t prove they’re thirty any more than I can prove they’re ninety,” Tony argued.
Steve doesn’t say anything about Tony getting a memorial tattoo over his soulmark the same year it showed up.
Despite Steve’s outrage, Tony doesn’t reply harshly in kind. He’s silent for a long, long moment.
From bottom to top, following the gentle contour of Steve pectoral he traces the seven small forget-me-nots braided around the long line of a reaper’s scythe. The minute curve of the handle, the devastating point of the blade. Steve feels like he’s seeing it for the first time all over again.
He traps Tony inside him with his legs around Tony’s hips, bares his throat to Tony in apparent submission, but he pulls Tony’s hair with a too tight grip as if to remind Tony whose body he’s inside of.
He still likes Barnes all the same.
He’s not sure the plot for this hellish story he’s found himself in either.
Real, perfect, and temporary. End and beginning.
He still took up post under the kitchen table with his guns trained on the elevator, but from what Jarvis could tell, he hadn’t been resting the way he used to.
Tony designs a new uniform for Steve that hides his face and scent glands without compromising Steve’s own sense of smell because that is how Steve in this body senses danger, and he is so damn good at it that it makes Tony want to go back in time and tear the heads off every alpha that Steve ever had to fight off.
Steve’s cheeks turned pink and his mouth quirked up in a barely suppressed smile.
What made a beta? Loyalty and level-headedness? The ability to work well with others? Be a pack?
In a suit that was
He should have told them more about Bucky and what to expect. If he had, he would have saved everyone this headache.
about it, too.
. It was a comfort Bucky always tried to supress, but found when he did it brought some strange sort of calm over him. That day, with Steve in arms reach and that calmness he got from indulging that
Clint left after that, stopped trying to befriend Bucky, recognizing a fruitless cause.
It isn’t new. He’s woken up alone to cold sheets and Steve no where to be found before. It is not the first time, but this time he can still smell Steve on his sheets and he thinks that maybe this time it’s worse.
Tony’s brain hyper-focuses because Steve tilts his head innocently to the side and his shirt falls off that shoulder completely.
“It was a well-known blaze of glory,” Tony says after a while, somber.
Steve smells so good right now, Tony thinks when he lets his own eyes slip shut. Pre-heat, cuddly, sleepy and soft. It’s the version of Steve that started it all.
Tony’s standing up to leave before he even says the words.
Steve inclines his head, looks up at Tony’s face and finds him biting his lip. Steve doesn’t think about kissing him for very long, he’s too melancholy.
“Waking up, fifteen years old, I knew I wasn’t going to be the best soulmate to whoever it was, I knew my life was going to make their’s hell, but I still wanted one, even knowing my parents were soulmates and they were shit together. I looked forward to that little bit of sentiment,” he rubs mindlessly at the mark, “Instead, I got this,” he says with a shrug.
Tony wakes alone.
Tony used his balled up and soiled top to wipe away the slime from the arc reactor, causing the dim blue to brighten considerably in the dark of the quinjet, but it also drew Steve’s eye to the light’s origin, despite the social decorum that said not to look at your topless teammate.
Tony knew that an alpha would have bristled at the statement, but he can’t say he was surprised when Steve’s shoulders slumped for a second, as if in relief, before his hackles rose again to tell Tony to fuck off.
A direct question, a direct answer.
Get Steve in that same room, he sits down and makes himself smaller. He was respectful.
Over the backs of his hands, on his knuckles. A white line split against his jaw. A tangle of white over his knees. A burn on his wrist.
Steve never hated his prior designation, exactly. He had hated getting sick and being considered a commodity, yes, but never did feel wrong in his body.
Which is saying something, because it looks pretty damn severe.
The women who cursed Steve isn’t talking, so says Thor on Asgard. The only other sorcerer they know on earth is an entitled alpha douchebag, so it’s nothing but a waiting game.
“What?” Steve says, shocked that he may have been correct. For all he hopes for something
Bucky.
on. “As sexy as being the filling of a super-soldier sandwich could be, I’m way too toppy and it’s way too hot in here,” he said, “someone switch with me,” he demanded.
But it got worse from there.
He thought he’d cried all he could.
It was reasonable that Bucky was clinging to similar things with Steve… the familiarity, structure, and authority, and in a way, it made sense that Bucky was clinging to some things with Tony, too –Tony had confidence and competence in abundance enough to combat Bucky’s confusion.
Not unless Steve asks him to.
“You think it’s for a reason… the suffering?” Steve wondered aloud.
He’s too set on his task, and the whole thing is so undeniably Steve that it’s what makes Tony come undone.
Guilt and worthlessness likely bittered Steve’s scent the same way sorrow did Tony’s.
It’s small, it’s distinct. It’s sitting just below where Steve’s neck meets skinny shoulders.
He keeps Steve’s t-shirt balled up under his pillow in the lab and refuses to think about how he sometimes finds himself looking forward to falling asleep knowing that it’s there.
Steve hadn’t worried about Bucky being jealous of Steve’s new relationship, or any hard feelings about Steve having moved on despite their history. He’s read too much of what Bucky had gone through to have any idea of Bucky being interested in picking up where they left off of course, but more than that too. Their relationship growing up was always different. Jealousy wasn’t something they could afford to have, not when the punishment for their loyalty to one another could be punishable by institutionalization or worse. They loved each other, but they never held any illusion that they would be the only one for the other. Peggy was an example of that even in the war.
He doesn’t get the chance.
Yeah,
Sometimes, rarely, when all the stars aligned, Tony would talk about it with Steve when it was just the two of them.
Steve remembers missing Tony, and he remembers the way his heart fluttered happily in his chest at the sound of Tony’s approach.
Bucky wasn’t actually asking. That was the thing. Tony was sure that the fact Bucky didn’t come right out and ask was the only reason Tony said yes.
“I mean, Nat’s done it, too, slept in my bed a few times when she can’t let her guard down and whatever,” Clint disclosed, “Just figured Tony would maybe… you know, since you and Steve used to…” he left the sentence open ended.
He had gotten away with it in front of everyone. Anyone.
Tony wishes he could say he felt relief when he realized that Steve wasn’t going to leave him for Bucky, but that would be a lie. Any relief he felt was bittersweet, tainted by the reality that was Bucky Barnes’s suffering.
“I dunno,” Bucky replied, “I don’t even think I can get it up an’more,” he said, more interested in his popsicle then in the revelation, “If I could, I might have more sympathy, he’s nice on the eyes,” he added with a smirk, “He’s good for you”.
He wonders for a few days if that is only because of how dull and lifeless Tony looks in a hospital bed. If it’s just the contrast that makes him brighter in that memory.
He’s seen Steve in nothing but that silly little smile.
Steve’s sly little smirks when Tony comes undone for him, the happy little gasps and moans he gives when Tony gives in and ties them together, it all leads him to think it began here.
Steve had tried to feel the anger he usually would have when he found himself following orders from another alpha, but he had not managed in the least.
As a captain, as a boyfriend.
He watches from a screen in the desolate compound as the Stark Industries logo is re-installed to the New York tower.
Somehow,
Steve knows that is without a doubt what Tony probably thought. And many things that are much, much worse.
“Hey, everything okay, Buckaroo?” Tony called softly, closing his display.
SHIELD or no SHIELD, the Avengers are still earth’s mightiest heroes, and as they had come to find, that title included fighting off the otherworldly ex-girlfriends of their team members.
It is no longer a metaphor because Tony feels real pain pounding at his ribcage.
At first, he’d thought it was Steve, and instinctively reached over to run a soothing hand down his boyfriends back, which was often enough to chase away the beginnings of a nightmare.
He nearly loses a finger in his aggressive decomposition of several different projects.
“Maybe I have,” Tony says softly, “but what point would it prove?” he asks.
And he hadn’t. Tony never does what he’s told. Not unless he wants to, Steve finds later.
. There is a certain high that comes from knowing something the Black Widow couldn’t figure out, but it’s short lived at best.
It was different from the
Bucky nodded.
him that Tony was safe, but rather it was Bucky eavesdropping on the couple while Bucky was still half convinced that he was a prisoner.
Tony remembers the moment Steve walked into the lab and went from Disappointed-Captain-America, to terrified realization.
Steve’s steady hands are shaking when he grabs the ‘call nurse button’.
With Sam, he’d started out trying for the same easy and teasing relationship that Bucky had formed with Tony and that he had always had with Steve. He even tried a few different nicknames with varying degrees of no success.
He has not looked at the
Tony’s skin was dark and beautiful and burning hot in the city lights coming in through the windows. Not like Steve who feels like he’s freezing in the moonlight whenever they are not pressed together.
Steve plans to stay at the tower for the week, and he pretends he’s surprised that Tony look a few vacation days himself, but he’s not, and they spend most of their time sunbathing on the balcony despite the tower full of amenities and one of the most lively cities on earth at their feet.
He had been fine.
It’s clear Steve’s not going to talk, but Tony can’t help but need to ask after Barnes.
He had felt anger at himself for not being a real alpha.
He was not only a big baby when he was tired. That was just when he couldn’t help but let his guard down.
But like all things with Steve, Tony doesn’t really know.
It felt surreal. Except that it didn’t.
He doesn’t wait for someone to tell Tony he’s out of line. Just slips out from under Steve’s legs and disappears.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve doesn’t seem to notice. Doesn’t seem to care.
It all just blurs together.
Everything is exactly the same.
It was Bucky, standing outside their door and looking like he might knock, but also looked like he was about to fall over, and Jarvis had played the sound through his speaker so Tony would notice.
Everything Tony was, everything they made together, made Steve a better man. The best man he could be.
Something to tell the grandchildren.
The tower wasn’t home. Not to anyone. Not even to Tony himself.
Bucky just whimpered again, shuffling from side to side.
But they weren’t red, so Tony invited Steve into the workshop. Ushered him to the couch in the corner where Tony often slept. Where his scent was the strongest in the Tower.
He’d been given free reign of their apartment, and it was the first time that Steve had left his side since they arrived two weeks prior. The reason? Sex with Stark.
,” Steve rolled his eyes.
And Tony
Suddenly all the knowledge Tony has on the omega’s he’s had in heat before abandons him.
Tony closes his eyes and hears his own words, “Okay—case closed. I win,” spoken clipped and sharp.
And draws.
After all, everything is exactly the same.
It is exactly the same.
But those weren’t heats.
It’s not where it ended though.
“What does that mean?” Steve still asks, though he isn’t sure he wants to know.
The worst thing was that Steve knew it was nothing but the alpha hormones. He knew this defensive-offensive game wasn’t really who Steve was, he knew it was all the Alpha in him and he really started to hate it.
To see how badly Steve doesn’t want to be here.
“Yeah, Shield didn’t have much of a chance,” Tony laughs, “only had a twenty-four-hour window and all”.
He had known there was a pattern since he got the serum. It had been fine. He hadn’t regretted his decision to have his designation changed. Not really. It was all in his head, the feeling he had gotten of being weaker than normal, getting overwhelmed by scents, wanting to be alone and in some small, dark place that was ten degrees hotter than the air outside. All in his head.
There
“Thanks,” Bucky said.
One of those pesky twenty-first century cultural shifts that Steve just couldn’t wrap his head around.
Steve doesn’t go to church anymore. Not since New York. Not since he started staying at the Tower when he was in the city.
Its different for Steve because he thinks that if he had made better choices, if he made it home after the war, he would have found his soulmate. A missed connection is still a connection nonetheless.
Tony tastes him from everywhere he can get his mouth. The more he explores the more of that scent Steve gives off until Tony is burying his tongue inside Steve’s slick heat and Steve cums hard and loud and his scent just burns hotter on Tony’s tongue, igniting heat deep in Tony’s bones.
On his tongue.
It still doesn’t fade when Steve leaves, but Tony only has himself to blame for that.
They worked together really, really well.
He liked Steve and Tony, but he didn’t feel the same way towards the rest of Steve’s team. They were far too weary of him at first… and then came the pity.
The most amazing thing was that an hour later, Bucky’s eyes were closed and he was dozing lightly on the couch. No guns, not even sitting up fully.
It probably said more about Tony than about Bucky, but damn, was Tony ever a sucker for super-soldiers with a sob story.
And Tony spared Steve so much.
He says it with a pointed look.
She doesn’t stay.
It was all so temporary.
Starts with it not working.
Steve doesn’t have the words, but it’s okay because Tony keeps talking and Steve keeps listening, “I tried to make it about me. Why wouldn’t I? It’s not like I had a soulmate to consider in it all,” he says flatly, “But then I sat down to design the damn thing and here we are,” he says this last part with a small smile, and it gives Steve the confidence to speak next.
Now, asking if he’d like orange or apple juice was met with a bratty scoff, and a “You know what I like,” which sounded flirty, sounded a lot like
No one had noticed, and no one should have noticed except that Sam had tripped and fallen out of the elevator, looking up from his place on the floor to see Bucky crack a single eye and train his Ruger on the man’s face.
“No,” Bucky said.
He hopes Tony let himself be happy, too.
He’s always known Steve had a pack once upon a time.
Tony’s face turns considering, “Alright, classic, I can do classic,” he says, “Jarvis, play Hallelujah for our choir boy, won’t you?”.
He was about to break the door down, when Steve’s voice cracked on another low moan and, “please, Tony, let me come in you, please, please, I can’t—” came the broken off sob.
It seems another cruel twist of fate, painful enough to be believable, that’s for sure.
He didn’t wait to see Steve’s face. Didn’t really want Steve to see his, so he slid out of the bed and went to the dresser to find pajama pants. He’d go down to the workshop, maybe get some stuff for SI done after working on AASS—give Pepper something to use against the board. With a glance over at Bucky, Tony grabbed a second pair and tossed them on the bed. It wouldn’t be the first time Bucky borrowed Tony’s clothes. The soldier was surprisingly slight compared to Steve, now without the steroid cocktail Hydra had been giving to boost their bastard serum in his system, he was closer to Tony’s weight category, if a little (lot) taller.
Not that anyone was ever supposed to know that.
He rolled over and submitted to Tony like he was not an Alpha at all. Let Tony’s body draw things and words and sounds from Steve that he should never have been able to give up for another Alpha.
Another drink, another button.
Bitter.
That’s how he was given the nickname, ‘Princess’ and so he blamed Sam when that became Tony’s new favourite.
Until he did.
Came back for his shield, the Avengers, the world.
Steve took the offered drink.
Steve moved around Tony’s space. It felt strange to look up at him. It felt good.
And then around and around they go…
Tony can’t help but wonder for how long when he sees the way Barnes clings to Steve, tired and afraid and oh so jaded.
It had driven Steve crazy because they were
, and guilt washes over him. Besides, Natasha was talking about a different form of jealousy anyway.
“Sometimes,” Steve admits honestly. “Not always,” he adds.
It’s not normal. It’s torture.
“How’d you know it was mine?” Steve asks, since there is no headline running across the screen the way it’s paused.
“No, I don’t like the blue comforter, it’s scratchy,” Bucky said.
Bittersweet like hearing beautiful words that only belonged in this reality and knowing that it was ending.
“Don’t make me regret telling you this,” Bucky glared.
Steve looked over his shoulder at Tony, concerned, confused, seeking guidance Tony wasn’t sure he was giving when he said,
Big, bright eyes stare up at Tony through dark lashes as Steve does his best to draw unimaginable pleasure from his body.
They do it all over again but at least it’s not because Steve forgot himself the second time.
Tony hums, and the silence grows uncomfortable.
Steve was not a coward. He had never been a coward. When it came to Tony though? Steve starts getting into the habit.
They were both drunk, but Tony thinks it’s unlikely either of them will forget any part of this as they both cum together.
He still wanted to kill Sam the day he tried to tell Bucky he needed to eat solid food and had given him a grilled cheese sandwich, though.
When Tony had come by, and Natalia had told him that Bucky needed to go to medical, Tony had instead shrugged her off, gone to the freezer and retrieved a frozen rainbow
“Eh,” Tony says again, waving a hand, “I don’t put much stock in that soulmate shit anyway,” he sighs, “Better off not knowing. Keep your shirt on during sex, cover it up with some pen ink and be rid of it all,” he said loftily.
Autopilot kicks on. Steve showers. Eats. Lays motionless on Bucky’s couch, and when the other man has finally left Steve alone, the box reappears to sit on Steve’s chest.
Another fact was that Bucky Barnes sucked his thumb and sat with his legs crossed in over sized sweaters and liked being called
, 1991. He started digging right away just six months after the Battle of New York when Steve had come to him with another possible tip that Loki had left them. Then he’d read them all a second time when the rescue mission to the Siberian Hydra bunker didn’t go exactly to plan and Bucky was in the wind. So, Tony knew better than anyone what to expect in terms of Bucky’s trauma and PTSD. What they got was both so much worse, and significantly better then either he or Steve could have imagined.
He remembers Tony asking Steve what might happen if he didn’t like his soulmate. He remembers laughing it off completely. Now, he’s not sure that Tony was wrong about that point.
Tony’s voice doesn’t make it sound like the good kind of fate.
The irritability and getting overwhelmed by scent had normally been fine too. It was never a problem until the Avengers had started living together.
, so it was fine.
That lasted a good five minutes.
Starts with Tony antagonizing Steve, just as he always does.
Understands Tony’s behaviour, too.
Bucky was making amazing progress, Steve thought.
It’s not something they did before. Tony’s pretty sure that Steve couldn’t assume that angry red hue to his eyes before, and Tony never dared in case that was true.
What made an omega? Friendliness and duel reproduction? The ability to conceive, impregnate, make fast friends? Build a pack?
“Oh,” Steve said a little shocked, “Well that’s okay, as long as you’re not biting,” he said, “can I see your hand?” he asked.
Tony grips the cold metal hand and plans a thousand better models that he’ll never let see paper.
No one else seems to want to talk about it. Or, if they do, they have no interest in talking about Steve’s temporary omega status with the alpha who fights with him every time they’re in the field together.
Tony looks away then, takes his turn in the decon shower, and yet Steve see’s nothing but the image of Tony’s torso, like the image is burned into his eyelids for the 3 minutes that Tony hoses down.
Betrayal.
DUM-E is useless once he figures out what’s going on, and he keeps looking from Steve to the fire extinguisher to Tony again. Eventually Tony gives in and permits the bot to skirt his duties and show off his new toy to Steve.
They get drunk again.
They’re drunk. Both of them. Tony couldn’t have said who was worse off, really. Steve was a lightweight of course, but Tony had a head start and the experience that made getting wasted as hard and fast as possible damn near second nature.
But for Bucky… That was pack. That was family.
It’s become clear it will ‘be a while’ before he has time for them.
Tony entertains the idea of suiting up and staying that way until this torture is over and he’s subjected to the next stage of agony.
“My soulmate, Steve,” Tony starts, “he was an incredible man that everyone loved and who I could never measure up to,” he admits in a rough voice, “and so all this time I blamed myself for his death because if he hadn’t been a part of me, then maybe he would have had a longer life, a happier life,” he says, “I know that’s conceded as hell, but I… I don’t know, I thought I was his curse, you know?” Tony admits and its justification that Steve doesn’t need.
He knew what he wanted, but he didn’t have the words to ask. Wouldn’t have asked even if he had been able to.
Beginnings, middles, ends—Steve starts to lose it all like he loses the beginnings and ends of his and Tony’s bodies. Of their separation. Of their togetherness.
He never felt wrong in his alpha body either.
He wasn’t an idiot. He knew that once a month he spent a week being irritable and snappy and avoiding mirrors because his body still thought he should be doing that very specific
He hadn’t really known what to do about that. He had never hated his Alpha status before then. Found parts of it to be frustrating, yes, but never minded it as much as he did then.
He knows he’s already been crazy for Steve though, so what’s the difference?
The bright, lively, active, brilliant genius that kept Steve in line, who Steve loved and worshiped with every fiber of his being.
Thanks for reading!
Bucky was able to survive on his own, staying off both Hydra’s and Tony’s radar and self-sustaining for a year before they were able to track him down living somewhere in Romania. Finding him had taken four separate algorithms running simultaneously by Jarvis, as well as the intimate knowledge of Hydra’s ‘care’ of the Winter Soldier.
The next time Sam had run into Bucky, Bucky
Tony made everything feel so easy and normal, even weird things. Like Bucky. Bucky was weird, but Tony made him feel easy and normal. Steve made him feel human and safe. He really liked being near them.
Just…
It may be because when he wakes up alone, once again, he finds Steve’s shirt is still draped over the back of the couch.
Steve didn’t move again, just continued to whisper assurance until Bucky’s face relaxed and he was no longer braced for pain.
He’s never heard of something like that happening. Never knew it could happen. How was it even possible? Why would something like that happen? And to Tony of all people? God, Steve cannot imagine how awful it must have felt to discover the other half of your soul never even
,” he sighed.
Steve does smell stressed though, and there’s a tightness in his body that Tony can recognize even though he’s lost a hundred pounds of muscle. The tension slowly seeps out of him as he cleans up though, as it often does, the neat freak.
“Buck?” Steve said, sounding still half asleep but far more alert than he usually was upon waking up in his own bed.
“I’m sure the girl Shield plants will be
It’s the only mark there, but Tony knows there might as well be two more alongside it.
Bucky was less self sufficient, that was for sure. In the past, Bucky would bristle at the prospect of someone opening the plastic wrapper of a popsicle for him before sticking it in his mouth, but now Bucky bristled every time Tony tried to hand him the popsicle directly.
Now, Steve can tell the way his coffee scent smells just a little bit bitter with sorrow. Bittersweet, actually.
“Tony?”
If this chapter sounds familiar, you may have read my other fic called "Thank You" which is just pure Stuckony smut.
No, because they do it all over again…
So, he kept it to himself, and tried not to hate Tony for being everything Steve was not.
It’s a vicious cycle they are trapped in and neither one of them is trying overly hard to get out.
It was a big bed, even with the three of them, there was a bit of space between them all and Tony tried to relax.
He feels
He handed it to Natalia, she cringed and tossed it in the sink.
It takes two minutes for Jarvis to report that Tony is unresponsive. That he cannot override the suit’s flight systems. That Tony has sustained a
But it had been obvious to anyone familiar with true pack dynamics what Bucky had been to Steve. What Sam and Nat were becoming to Steve even though he was an Alpha and he shouldn’t have been able to form these kinds of connections on his own.
o talk, and just couldn’t sometimes.
Steve thought about it a lot, but they rarely spoke about it, and never again around the team. Already the information that Tony Stark’s soulmate was dead had been updated in his Shield file. Steve didn’t blame Natasha for reporting it, but he still cringed at how fast the change was made.
Tony knows it before Steve notices, he thinks.
It takes Steve four more minutes to find him in the underwater rubble of the built up city coast.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not because he was optimistic, no. He was just far too in love with Steve to say the words.
They sit in the quiet for a while before Steve speaks up again, “How come you never looked it up?” he asks, since Natasha hadn’t seen it as a line.
pheromones coming off him though, Tony had known. Very, very, very faint.
Nearly loses a hand starting a new one.
Bucky knew he was… a wreck.
(See the end of the chapter for
No one laughs at that but Tony.
Steve did his best.
Tony’s eyes are honey warm and bright, wide and glistening with tears because he knows something’s up. Can see the tears in Steve’s eyes too. His hair, his beard… Tony has never looked less put together, and yet he is here, alive, awake and squeezing Steve’s hand.
Steve see’s all the pain and all the history that Tony carries around written out in front of him in silvery white scars that are
, and
It marks three months since the relationship they had built since New York fell apart. Two and a half since Steve left for DC. One and a half since he came back. Three weeks since Steve was
But for all the parts where it’s not.
Let Tony
Six different models of advance prothesis make it to paper, but he won’t let any go to fabrication.
Steve should want to back down too. He should want to sooth instead of agitate.
Suddenly it’s all Steve worst fears, because his soulmate is still
go through again.
She never says it’s to save them the inevitable hissy fit Tony will have at the state of his hair.
But of course, Tony likes the guy. He’s perfect, but what did he expect? Barnes belongs to Steve, of course he’s perfect. Sassy and deadly just like Sam and Nat and Steve himself.
******
Those tears spill over his cheeks when his shaking hands pry open the box.
“Suck on that for a little while,” he winked, “don’t let him eat more than half, the sugar will make him sick again,” Tony added to Natalia and walked away.
Steve has always known the tattoo was
It didn’t make it any less weird, but then again, what about his life wasn’t weird these days?
At least fifteen years older than Tony, actually, Steve thinks.
“Don’t be,” he said, “You look like you slept, I feel like a slept, and Steve didn’t leave me at ass o’clock in the morning to go running,” he gave a pointed look at Steve, who put down his book and smiled.
They were finishing up the debrief on their last mission when Fury requested Steve stay a moment after the group cleared out, but Tony had this sharp gleam in his eye and refused to leave, stayed seated and gave Fury that infuriating look that meant he knew the steps in whatever dance this was better then Fury himself and demanded Fury go on with him present.
“There’s been an increase in brain activity”.
He’s the only one who doesn’t look at all surprised by Steve’s size, or his appearance in his home.
Steve still has bruised and bloody knuckles when he wraps his fist around the base of Tony’s cock that won’t fit in his mouth.
There’s a beta nearby too and Tony knows immediately who it is. He’s an alpha, so it’s not like he usually notices the scent of a beta.
After the initial anger had worn off, and Bucky was feeling better (and developed a liking for popsicles, if and only if, they were presented by Tony,) Steve started to blame himself, for the team’s reaction.
Frustrated and angry at them by month four.
He still stayed.
Tony was turning back around before he knew what he was doing.
Tony just smiles softly though, “I took that to mean I was mature for my age,” he says with a wink at Steve.
Steve scoffs, “I don’t think that’s how that works,” he said.
He had felt anger at himself for wanting to be a real omega even though being an alpha was a gift, the whole world said.
Without Bucky.
He does.
Without the need to over-compensate.
“What?” Tony asks.
Bucky’s face heated, ‘Shut up’ he signed.
It starts like this…
Bucky smiled, did a little wiggle and started slurping the melting treat.
It would have been funny. Steve thought maybe one day it will be.
“S…St…eve?”.
That’s what he told himself at least, when the dust had settled and Steve brought Sam back to Avengers tower to meet the rest of the team.
“Open up, baby doll,” Tony had said, voice teasing. Tony’s voice was often teasing. He had many names for Bucky.
“You know,” Tony says slowly, “They might not be dead,” voicing Steve’s greatest fear of all, “or dying,” he adds with a pointed look, like he knows where Steve’s head is at.
Looking at hers or Clint’s marks, that it.
It is exactly the same but for the way Steve forgets to hide their affections.
But Steve had seen his fair share of soulmarks in the war. It wasn’t completely unheard of in his time for someone’s mark to be revealed in public, for eyes outside the intended recipient to land on a mark. Steve’s been to weddings too, and in his day there had been an entire ceremony for revealing the couples matching soulmark before the vows.
Steve isn’t sure he disagrees.
Tony was everywhere.
He had a duty to the world. He may have been half in love with Tony Stark, but he couldn’t just stop being Captain America and return to life as the sickly little Steve Rogers.
Tony wakes alone.
Steve could never abandon his pack.
Goes on with it not working.
punctuated by whimpering moans that sounded
What holds him back isn’t the knowledge that his soulmate is long passed though. It’s the thought that he won’t find their name in any database, and he’ll face the reality that he’s missed a whole lifetime with his other half, and even though they are still here on earth with him, he’s never going to find them in time for their mark to get added to the list. He can’t stand the thought of being years late, to catch only the final few moments of a long and hopefully happy life like he has with with Peggy.
Steve never let the way he wanted to roll over and
He certainly isn’t Captain America.
Bucky pointed.
It made it difficult to hide the ugly parts of himself, though. Hard to hide when you want to give yourself over to someone(s) so completely that you feel you cannot breathe without them.
What a perfect way to describe him.
That was apparently the wrong thing to do, Bucky flinched and screwed up his face, expecting contact.
Steve’s skin warms under his touch. He’s cold and clammy everywhere else.
He can’t keep living out of the chair in the corner of the room. On Bucky’s couch any other time.
“He was military,” Tony says, disinterested tone but his eyes haven’t moved, “Died young, went out in a blaze of glory,” he says shortly.
It isn’t new. He’s woken up alone to cold sheets and Steve no where to be found before. It is far from the first time. It is far from the last.
“Jesus!” Sam had shouted, scrambling backward, “What the hell are you doing?!” he asked.
Tony was everywhere.
So, so small.
Tony is a teammate now. He owes it to stick around.
“I know,” his best friend agrees, “But you should try and save the PR team any more trouble. They don’t need murder allegations against a national hero”.
They don’t take it as far as they did in the penthouse when they were drunk, which Tony thinks is ironic because he has even less self-control during his rut than he does drunk, but still, the risk of pregnancy is too high not to think about.
“Buck, spit that out,” Steve reminded, “you’ll get a splinter,” and he stuck out his hand for Bucky to deposit the stick. Which he did, with a grumble.
“No?” Clint asked skeptic, “Didn’t seeing Steve break seventy years of brainwashing or something?”.
He feels Tony go tense under him, then he’s being held tighter to Tony’s chest by the hand in his hair. He knows Tony’s figured it out.
He keeps the box on his chest or on the table by Tony’s bed every night. Takes it with him everywhere.
This at least, gave way to the growing of Steve’s friendship with Natasha into a kind of companionship that had felt bittersweet to Steve.
“Was?” Steve asked, wondering if maybe Tony had taken Steve’s questions to heart and changed his emotionless opinion about soulmates. He doubted it though. Tony was far too stubborn for that. Besides, what Tony did was little more than a defense mechanism, and Steve couldn’t find it in him to begrudge the other man such a thing.
Steve pretends he doesn’t know why.
Temporary like sobriety. Temporary like laughter. Like seasons. Like the sun. Like the city lights reflecting in Steve’s eyes.
The next time they are both staying in the tower, Tony catches Steve as he’s sketching by the little gas stove pit they have up here, the setting sun cooling the air rapidly now as autumn creeps up on them.
Steve sits across the bench, pulling up a rogue computer chair. He starts tidying the screws and wire clippings. Call’s U over with a trash bin and brushes metal scrapings into the bin. He pats the bot’s arm before sending him away.
There was no family.
Steve blinks wide eyes at Tony, says his name with an urgency Tony’s never heard before.
It’s fine.
This is torture.
To hear Tony admit he thinks himself unworthy of a living soulmate might just be the worst thing of all.
the files actually, including December 16
He had to keep telling himself,
Of course, Steve stays.
In the end though, Steve breaks down and admits it himself. He wishes he could say it wasn’t because he was being a coward anymore, but it was rather the opposite.
He was getting tired of keeping it to himself though. It’s not like Steve had cared. He had enough reason to hate Tony no matter what Tony had tried to do to fix things.
Steve sits up and stares at Tony’s back as he leans against the rail this time.
Steve was an alpha, thus he was incapable of making his own pack. Packs were inherited by alphas from their omega mate. That was why alphas were anti-social and omegas were friendly.
Bruce’s face scrunched up but he didn’t say anything until he was wiping a spot on the crease of Bucky’s arm with alcohol and a cotton ball, which turned into four cotton balls before the crease of his arm was considered sterile enough.
Tony had to keep telling him, that Sam hadn’t known. He hadn’t known that Bucky had received all his nutrition through an IV or feeding tube for sixty years.
Predictably, Steve just grumbled and batted Tony away.
Clint nodded, “Yeah, but I mean…” he trailed off with a shrug.
“I don’t know that that’s true,” Tony says, “Karma, wasn’t it?” he says, but he doesn’t look at Steve when he says it even though it’s stealing away Steve’s plausible deniability, and Tony should be able to meet his eye when he does things like that.
Of course, he doesn’t.
Thanks for reading!!!
Steve was an alpha himself. Technically. Sort of. In a way.
Tony was restless all throughout dinner, yet when Steve asked, Tony swore he wasn’t going to disappear back into the lab.
When Steve had read about Tony, Howards son and heir, that fact, that shame, the ink, the tattoo, that desecration of something more sacred to Steve than his own damn life, it hadn’t exactly endeared Steve to the already cocky and abrasive man.
“We don’t know what he’ll remember, if anything”.
“It was in my father’s files,” he says easily, “Seen it a thousand times,” he tells him.
And then, “Friday, call Pepper”.
It all just blurs together.
Bucky’s face lit up, and he nodded.
Steve’s own heart pounds wildly in his chest, nearly deafening. Still, he can see the numbers on the screen, lit up a hopeful green.
Blurs like the tears he pretends are not there when he wakes up alone and Steve is
“We know they are not in any recorded database for the dead, we know they are not in any seniors home, we know that no one has come forward to have known someone from that era who had that mark and it’s been streaming all over the planet for days now,” Fury combats, “The only people coming forward are in their twenties and thirties”.
He had felt anger at himself for wanting to be a real alpha even though being an omega was a gift, his mother said.
He was interrupted a few minutes later by Bucky’s hand swatting at the image.
“Rough session?” the archer asked sympathetically.
“So was I”.
Away from Tony.
It starts like this…
By the time Tony had stepped into his own sleep pants and given himself a pep talk about how it was perfectly okay to leave your boyfriend and his ex alone in your bed, Bucky was shuffling into the pants Tony had thrown.
“See, when you do it it’s cute,” Steve muttered, “Why is everything suggestive when it’s Tony,” he complained.
“Maybe this is karma,” Steve laughs at himself, “for putting them through that. It’s my turn to suffer,” he says with a chuckle.
Tony isn’t the one who needs to justify the way this has all turned out.
Tony does what anyone would do when faced with Steve Rogers and gives him exactly what he wants.
He adds that to the other information he has, knows now that Tony’s soulmate was at least twenty years older than he was.
Steve is in heat.
His scent is what really hits Tony like a wall, but that is coupled with the weight of Steve’s status.
Tony gave a tight smile that looked incredibly forced, but his tone was calm, if a little sad, “Yeah, he is,” Tony admits and turns slightly away from the prying eyes of the jet.
That Steve hadn’t been able to prevent.
Bucky made grabby hands at the melting desert and Steve couldn’t see why not, so he handed it over with a “Sure, why not”.
Some days there isn’t a god damn thing on it.
It’s not Tony who sneaks a peak. At least, it’s not Tony who gets caught.
Steve had always been reckless. Tony found himself sending his condolences to all those who had ever had to deal with Steve Rogers when he was small and asthmatic a lot over the weeks following his return from DC.
“Jesus fuck, Steve,” Tony pants.
Wouldn’t that just be the icing on this mess of a cake.
They aren’t Steve.
Sam frowned, gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze, “I know,” he said, “you’re doing fine,” he assured, “Just keep working on getting him talking, then we can get him into therapy and they’ll help you,” Sam told him.
He had no idea how to behave around other people. Had no idea what the Avengers wanted from him. He seemed to know how to take care of himself, was able to form preferences and opinions, but he didn’t know how to balance that with the added stress of people treating him like a friend.
Tony imagines covering more and more of icy skin until Steve is alight with heat the way Tony is always, always alight with it these days.
“If we call Tony…” but it didn’t matter, “We’re on our own”.
Steve goes down on him instead.
If that wasn’t enough to warrant the psych eval Shield orders him to get, then the Avengers mission a week later that lands Steve’s soulmark across the front page definitely is.
‘What?’ Bucky signed with an angry glare.
Two alphas on the same team? Not ideal. After all, that had been why Tony Stark was not recommended for the Avengers; because Captain America was a better leader, Iron Man an invaluable asset, but two alphas that close together was just unheard of.
Neither Steve nor Tony offer an explanation.
Steve smiles a sad, broken smile that Tony’s never seen before and gets up, but he doesn’t leave. He goes over to the pile of junk in the corner and finds the ball that always ends up there and tosses it for U.
The looks he gets tell him he made the right call.
Tony wonders if Steve’s ability to always get his own way stems from his time spent as an alpha… or if it started here.
Tony doesn’t ask if anyone knows where Steve is, he knows Steve won’t admit to this.
It hadn’t.
That night he wanted to suffocate in it.
Which was true, not that Bucky needed Steve to tell him what his past sexual preferences were. But it was worth mentioning, in case Bucky was confused about that. When they were together Bucky always preferred to ‘receive’, and occasionally liked when Steve used his mouth, but that didn’t matter. Bucky was a different man now.
Leave some love!
Still, there was an alien invasion. They could work together fine.
Tony sits at the table, Steve abandons his place in the coffee que and sits next to him. Brings his bare feet up on the chair with him, rests a slightly flushed cheek to his knees and closes his eyes.
He posed on the covers of magazines, topless and with his tattoo on display, for the first time at eighteen years old, so Shield hadn’t been able to catch Tony’s soulmark on camera in the three years before the young billionaire had it covered. Shield had reason to believe he got the tattoo long before that scandalous photoshoot too, if their reports were anything to go off of.
Tony was aware this was the closest they had come to acknowledging that Steve was not the alpha he pretended to be, and that Tony was fucking ass-over-tea-kettle gone on him.
Steve had no desire to start a relationship with Bucky, both because he was head over heels for Tony, but also, because Bucky was so, so vulnerable right now and the thought of
Not until Fury pulls him and Nat to DC.
Bucky had sat and dutifully sucked on the frozen, sugary juice until it was exactly half finished. His throat felt far less raw, and the black spots had cleared from his vision.
“No, I don’t” Bucky was able to answer.
Lately, he seemed to be getting worse for sleeping.
He lights up, and hands it to Steve before he’s identified the smokes origin. It’s answer enough that Tony hands it to Steve though, since he doesn’t bother sharing tobacco with him.
Tony looks out for himself and those close to him. A very short list. He was selfish.
Steve voice rasps from the doorway.
The last button is torn, Tony thinks when he slips Steve’s shirt from his shoulders, his fingertips brushing over every inch of skin revealed as the fabric slides from Steve’s arms and gets trapped between the dip of his back and the edge of the counter.
Tony moves slowly, pulling out and slowly back in, “Yeah?” he rasps.
They all laugh, but then Nat asks what Tony smells like, and Steve’s face loses the smile.
It is impossible for Steve to miss that fact, because he knows that Tony is the only other living person besides Barnes who’s seen the photograph he was wearing it in.
Torture at worst.
Objectively Tony knew not to expect Steve to come set up shop in the den the way he did months and months ago. He’s still disappointed when he spends the day alone. He’s still surprised when Jarvis passes on an invitation to movie night in the common room. From Steve.
Tony caught it from messing up the settings and found it wet. He reluctantly put the screen away at Bucky’s glare, and then wiped his hand off on Bucky’s shirt. “We should get you a pacifier,” he muttered, peeved at being denied his late night work. Tony’s pretty sure he had one, though he couldn’t remember if it doubled as a gag or not. It had been a while since he played ‘daddy’ for anyone.
It goes on like this…
Tony had never minded Steve in the workshop, though. Not for that one weird week a month, or at any other time. He was quiet when he was in Tony’s space. Tony always continued to talk to himself and to Jarvis, and sometimes Steve spoke up or spent some time tidying after Tony and the bots. There had never been any alpha posturing in the lab. They saved that for when it mattered. When the team was around. The lab had always been their safe space. Tony’s safe space. Until it wasn’t.
He’s timidly afraid of Bruce, and depending on the day, he either tries to shield Steve from him, or tries to hide behind the smaller man. He extends a friendly and casual confidence around Clint, and he even talks to Jarvis like a person who is part of the team.
“C’mere,” Steve said, holding out a hand. Bucky took it in his metal hand, still with his flesh hand at his mouth.
It wasn’t the first time Tony had said something so crass about soulmates, but he usually reserved that kind of talk for when other people were around to hear him. He kept those things to himself with Steve when it was just the two of them. Steve was sure it had a lot to do with Steve’s dead soulmate and less to do with the inherent rejection Steve’s brain had to ideas about hiding a soulmark like it was something shameful. After all, Steve knew the truth. Tony didn’t hide his soulmark out of shame or fear or disrespect, just out of sadness.
“Fine, you can have the beige one from our room,
He falls perfectly in line with the team when he’s not wrapped around Steve like an over-grown koala. Barnes and Sam bicker like brothers, and Barnes is protective of Nat like a little sister, correcting her fighting stance in the gym the day after he arrives and somehow he didn’t lose his life.
Steve remembers that looking at Tony never felt as wrong as it should. Not when Tony’s flirting was temptation incarnate. When
Somehow felt amplified all the weeks of the month that were not the majority.
Still, he clung to the normalcy of being taller for a while.
That’s what he feels.
Steve leans up to capture Tony’s lips, and when they pull away, Tony hovering above Steve, their bodies connected, Tony rests his forehead to Steve’s and breathes raggedly.
Steve surges up to kiss the moment away, doesn’t leave space for Tony to ask anything stupid like ‘are you sure’ because it’s Steve Rogers, he’s always sure.
And he’s pretty sure he wails, the heart broken sound crawling desperately from the deepest pits of his soul.
For a moment, Steve could not breathe.
And then, finally…
He didn’t need to ask, in the end.
In his skin.
Steve was familiar. He was an obvious friend when Bucky knew nothing about what was happening. Bringing him to the tower, Bucky had been nearly delirious with fear and confusion, the only thing he understood was that Steve was there and in time, that he wasn’t being hurt.
“Tony,” Steve said, “you need sleep, too” he reminded, gently, “I know you’re going to the lab…” he trailed off.
He was on Steve’s skin.
He hadn’t realized that he didn’t bathe as often as he was supposed to.
Tony’s hand looks rough and large on Steve’s skinny ankle. Pale, with fuzzy blonde hairs that tickle as he rubs his thumb back and forth above the hem of too long sleep pants.
There are so many things that make this all feel real, feel like Steve, all things Tony cannot find on Steve’s other body if he could ever get close enough to look.
“I want to,” Tony said, and his answer was immediate, like he’s been thinking about it a long time. Steve supposes he must be. He did say he thought he’d be a worse man had he had his soulmate.
He is familiar with that smile. Its reserved for when Steve reacts to something in an appropriate twenty-first century manner instead of the knee jerk reaction that he wants to have to something.
sleeping.
There was so many options they weren’t exploring.
It was amazing how even standing Tony and Steve side by side, no one had noticed the differences.
Let Tony draw little breathless sounds from him.
Tony feels drunk with Steve’s scent all over again.
Month six and Steve wakes jerkily to the sound of the heart monitor in Tony’s hospital room. For a long moment Steve can’t place the sound that woke him. Nothing seems to be out of the ordinary.
It’s not what Steve was looking for, but it’s another clue in the puzzle of Tony’s soulmate. A puzzle Steve wasn’t aware he was actively putting together.
He wished he could take the words back the moment he said them out loud, as his voice prompted the room to follow Steve’s line of sight to stare directly at Tony.
Steve’s illuminated by the white light behind him and it makes him all the more unreal.
“I’m starting to though,” Steve admits. After thinking about how Tony must have felt, how he must still feel, having been born in a world without his other half.
“Oh god,” escapes Steve’s clenched teeth, “
Then they’d talked about how they could use Jarvis to help Bucky sleep on his own, but the whole time Bucky just thought about how Steve’s hands felt in his hair, how warm he’d felt in the middle of them, how Tony had put away his work and slept for once (something Steve was always complaining about).
Clint actually helped in that department, having been the first besides Tony and Steve to realize Bucky was
Steve had a lot of reasons why a good man like Tony would have covered his soulmark.
A minute turns into an hour and Steve is dead to the world the whole time.
The headache that was Bucky
A piece that would never fade.
Reality changed to allow Tony above him.
If he can be sure that’s where it started.
Steve had woken up groggy and in medical thinking about how much he had begun to hate that smell when he had noticed it wasn’t the only thing he was smelling.
But would Tony ever forgive them?
******
He’d still been stuck in his head when he met up with Clint at their favourite smoothie bar.
He can’t pull his hand away even under scrutiny. It’s not possessive, but Tony doesn’t know what it is.
“Steve… Steve… shh, it’s okay. I’m alright, I’m here,” Tony whispers, weak trembling fingers card through Steve’s overgrown hair.
All in his head when he caught his reflection and flinched away, too.
,” he spits.
To his den.
Bruce shook his head, disappointed. Bruce had not told him he needed to shower before coming to his lab. Tony did not request him to be clean before entering
He had felt anger at himself for not wanting to be a beta at all.
, he doesn’t expect it. Expectation is a terrible thing, but then again, so is hope. Maybe he should be trying harder to squash that down too.
, but how the hell was he supposed to throw that kind of trust back into the face of a man who was weary of Sam Wilson of all people? It was impossible, it was a level of cruel Tony firmly believed he could never be capable of. Still, he tried little things, just to see if maybe Bucky would prefer a more independent-but-still-trusting kind of friendship in place of the completely-dependent-I-trust-you-with-my-life level that they were at.
There is a bitterness in Tony’s scent that rises and falls like waves across Steve’s senses.
Tony remembers the blue of his eyes then. Bright blue—too blue to be normal. Too blue to be an alpha. They should have been red.
. He just hadn’t ever seen it. Shield kept soulmarks in their records, as did the army. Shield kept records of the soulmarks of more than just their employees though. They liked to have the marks of some of their targets and people of interest too, which has unsettled Steve a bit. Tony Stark’s soulmark, even though he was incredibly famous, had always alluded Shield.
Let Tony push him down on the couch there and crawl on top of him.
Scrappy and rough, now with scars to show it.
Bucky shrugged, “It’s in the past,” he said.
In the end, it’s Bucky who takes out the mad scientist.
Tony had instead snapped back at Steve, harsh enough to make him flinch. Told him to go to the gym, work off whatever was wrong and stay the hell away from the team if he was going to be so grumpy.
“Upper to lower body ratio, babe,” Tony replied.
, Steve,” Tony says sharply and stalks off.
Still. Two alphas are explosive.
“Hey,” Tony replied, completely alert, which Bucky found odd, since Tony lived off caffeine and he assumed Tony was one of those people who didn’t function without it, “I’m wearing pants, so that’s a good sign,” he said, “but I can’t help notice there’s an extra super-soldier in my bed,” he said with a grin at Bucky.
“I figured Shield would have heard about this by now,” Tony says in leu of an actual greeting.
Tony must fall asleep because he wakes to voices and the distinct understanding that he should not be where he is right now.
Tony takes a deep breath, he doesn’t stop looking at Steve soulmark, but Steve hasn’t lifted his own eyes from the wash of ink visible on Tony’s chest either.
“Communal showers,” Steve says, shaking his head ruefully, “Some things haven’t changed,” he chuckles.
A lot of what Tony had been doing was scientific. A lot of it was because it was Captain America. Most of it was because Tony wants Steve to be
Not that Tony would ever think Steve would accept that as an apology.
So, Steve over-compensated. Wondered how long it would take before Tony broke down and called him on it.
Steve pats both the bots on his way out, they never talked about what Steve came to talk about.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There’s more to it than that,” Steve insists. There has to be, Steve thinks.
When he noticed that Sam and Nat were in the room and he could identify their anxiety without having opened his eyes.
At every move he makes.
“No, I don’t like the purple popsicles,” Bucky said.
Thanks for reading!
Let Tony drag a high-pitched whine that sounded too much like the word ‘
It takes a few days, or maybe it was weeks, for Steve to discover that it was not in fact his love for Tony, nor the contrast of the sterile bland hospital and fluorescent lights that washed out Tony’s skin that had made his last good memory of his love seem so… so excited, so nervous, so energetic, bright,
They’re not up there five minutes before the call comes though.
The word felt severe.
“Yeah, me too,” Tony replies easily, or he pretends its easy at the very least.
Steve was already asleep.
Tony can sense how half-hearted his own reply is, but still forces the words out anyway.
Bucky glared.
“Marry me,” Steve demands, lifting his head, cupping Tony’s cheek in his hand.
Steve shoots his own look back, raising an eyebrow, “You think my soulmate was born in this century?”.
But god, the way Tony was looking at Steve that night… Steve would have believed anything that man said.
He can’t stop thinking about how Tony’s soulmate must have died after he turned fifteen for his mark to have been visible to be recorded and for Tony to find. Thinking about how Tony must have done some pile of research into this man before he got the tattoo, and somehow three years didn’t seem like long enough to capture such a beautiful tribute to life as Tony’s tattoo was. Steve wondered if Tony had visited his passed soulmate’s family and friends after finding out, trying to learn about the person who made up his other half.
He looks warm, alive, solid, and real in a way that Tony’s imagination could never fully have grasped.
Steve gave up the pretense of the workout Tony was interrupting. His breathing was too hard. He had been sweating, but Tony hadn’t been able to smell any alpha pheromones at all.
He looked ready to fall over.
Tony can’t get the scent, taste or phantom sound of Steve’s moans out of the lab.
Thinking about the tattoo.
His name falls broken, a breathy rasp, barely audible over the rapid beeping.
Bucky did not like that middle ground. At all.
Bucky whimpered again, non-verbal and frustrated. He stuck his thumb in his mouth, shuffled some more and whined.
That horrible, muted, sour version of Steve’s scent stays with him though. Twists him up inside and makes him sick.
It’s not Steve’s nest.
Steve seems surprised by the size of Tony’s knot when it expands in his hand.
Sam and Natasha were still his least favourites. Natasha tried to… tried to sympathize in this strange silent way that he didn’t like it. She reminded him of Hydra, of pain and hurt and obedience and violence and death trapped behind the thin curtain of his flesh.
Steve supposes Tony has him there. Has knowing their alive really proved anything besides the fact that the fates are cruel?
On those nights, especially if Tony was smoking something a little more earthy than tobacco, they might talk about it.
Tony didn’t know if it was psychosomatic or if Steve had really retained biological characteristics of his prior designation. He’s not sure he will ever find out. A lot of it was just behavioural, Tony had always noticed. It made sense. Steve spent twenty-odd years being the polar opposite of an alpha, it was understandable that he’d retain some of those habits.
He thinks he hears Steve say something else, but he waves goodnight over his shoulder and walks away.
Tony thinks there’s tension draining from his own body too watching Steve in this space after so long of them avoiding one another.
When Steve woke up in 2011, finding that their kind of love was no longer a crime, he gave himself time to mourn Bucky all over again. Mourn what could have been. Still, Steve had long ago come to terms with the reality that if they had made it through the war, their relationship would have to end soon there after, when Steve married Peggy, and Bucky found his own wife.
He swears he’s not.
“Tony is good for you,” Bucky said once, licking his popsicle after Tony had left for his SI office a few floors down.
Then he was crying, wrapping both arms around Steve’s middle and burying his face in Steve’s stomach.
(See the end of the chapter for
The dependence started… a long time ago. A few months, right before he’d started therapy, when Steve had caught him with his thumb in his mouth and told him it was
Tony has always been by himself, though. He lived alone, slept alone, worked alone. All since Afghanistan.
And wasn’t that what this whole mess was? Steve wanting and never having. Tony dragged along for the ride of it?
There was something else at play.
It’s not real though. Tony knows that now. It wasn’t real.
Tony’s penthouse reeks of him. His scent floods Steve’s body and soothes the horrible pain and guilt for only as long as Steve could let it. He thinks if he wanted it to, Tony’s scent could soothe Steve for a lifetime.
Tony is laying out across a reclining lawn chair, soaking up the remaining rays of sunlight in his grease-stained jeans and long-sleeved shirt. Steve himself was leaning against the railing, looking out over the skyline as the sun set. It was the height of summer, the nights refusing to dim until nearly nine now. It was Steve’s favourite light to sketch in, yet he hadn’t been able to make himself draw the city when he came out to find Tony relaxing in his chair.
Thirty does sound far too young to Steve, though he’s pretty sure he’s lost track of his own biological age at this point so what does he know, really? Is he thirty? Doesn’t much matter. He just thinks forty is a better number for a soulmate, given the life Steve’s led.
Someone asks Steve what they all smell like, and he goes around the room with a silly little smile that Tony knows very well now.
What was stopping them now? Some sick part of Tony asked. If they could never work out because they were both alphas… maybe, maybe they would work out now. It was a stupid thought. A bad, bad thought. This wasn’t permanent. It couldn’t be. Steve changed designation for a reason. This was temporary.
Tony is too stunned to reply before Barnes is slipping out as silently as he came.
“Don’t bullshit me. Did you know?”
Tony gives it to Hill and tells her it came from one of their old shield scientists that Tony’s been in contact with.
It’s torture even before Steve comes back because Tony is the only one who
Steve has memorized the contours of the box the same way he has memorized Tony’s face. He tracks the changes in both. Eidetic memory. He doesn’t have much choice.
He was only every half of those things when Tony looked at him and smiled.
He knew a part of the trust the Soldier had had in his Handler’s was brainwashing and orders, he knew that he had been forced to believe that a Handler’s word was law… but when it came to Steve and Tony… Well, if their word was law, Bucky was more than happy to treat that law like a religion.
“You can’t prove that they’re a senior citizen, and that’s to say nothing of the fact you shouldn’t be questioning my motivations,” Fury said.
And around and round they go…
was what made Bucky trust Tony.
Tony.
Bruce directed his question to Steve.
He would never have thought to give up the mantle. Not for himself. Not for Tony.
His scent is stronger, brighter, overwhelmingly good.
Not just any tattoos of course. Steve was aware that the act of tattooing the skin was an important part of many cultures, and he had no qualms with any form of art, really.
The team were all unbound betas. They couldn’t tell that their alpha leader reeked of their alpha teammate. It had been Tony and Steve’s dirty little secret. It happened every month.
He scraps his teeth against Steve’s jaw instead, kisses the scar that lives there now, in this temporary body.
Steve is never wrong.
Just passing through.
The wound that did this to Tony has closed and begun to scab. His hair is growing back where it was shaved away for surgery, though it is uneven and Pepper makes idle comments about trimming it.
Doesn’t take long for Steve to move to sitting on the bartop, feet on the stool as he laughs and laughs about Fury’s face when Steve walked out on him. Tony’s has to tilt his head up to see Steve, but he’s used to that, and it’s not like it ever really felt wrong anyway.
He feels bad. That she had to do that. Had to have this conversation about her friend at the mans bedside instead of the relative safety of her office, where they could have both sat and Steve would pretend he wasn’t about to hear the worst news of his life while she handed him a cup of tea.
“The tattoo,” Steve says, taking it as permission to continue on the topic, and he doesn’t whisper either, doesn’t make it more intimate than he needs to. “It’s a beautiful memorial, Tony,” he says.
Was that where it ended? Or is that where it began?
He liked Bucky on good days when he was all smirking smiles and full sentences, he liked Bucky on angry days when he was sassy and argumentative with the team (never Tony or Steve), he liked Bucky on frustrated days when he was cursing out his therapist for an hour, he liked Bucky on calm days when he was talking about how great his therapist was for an hour, liked Bucky on sad days when he was shy and non-verbal. He liked Bucky.
Steve didn’t have that a few hours ago in his much bigger body.
He had still trusted Steve with his entire being, but he was afraid that Steve was a prisoner too, at that point.
“Just sign at a camera, Elsa,” Tony had said, “then Jarvis’ll tell us what you’re saying,” Steve’s boyfriend smiled.
Whether
Impossible.
“You’ve seen my soulmark?” Steve asks, sharply, though he’s not sure why.
And yet.
. That alone is heart breaking, knowing he’s had to miss out on an entire beautiful life, that everything he’s ever loved is well and truly buried without him.
