Sherlock nuzzled him for a moment before disappearing to the bedroom. John grabbed his mug of tea and his book from the sitting room before joining him. He laid out in bed, Sherlock's head in his lap, his mug on the bedside table, one hand holding his book and the other carding through Sherlock's curls. It wasn't long before Sherlock was asleep, snoring softly into John's abdomen, and John felt domestic bliss.
But yes, there was. The noises he was hearing was undoubtedly moaning - loud, erotic moaning and the squeaking of bedsprings, coming from his flatmate's bedroom at - John glanced at the clock on the bedside table - two in the morning. His frown only deepened. There was no way Sherlock - the least sexual being on the planet - could be having sex at two in the morning. That just wasn't something Sherlock did, no matter how off his roommate had been acting lately.
"He won't let me do an exam on the rest of his body," Molly told him immediately, her voice quiet as she put the kettle on. "By the sound of his breathing, he's got a few fractured or cracked ribs, and judging by the blood stains on some of his clothes - "
“Do you want the list?” Sherlock’s nimble fingers slipped to the inside pocket of his jacket, pulling out a folded piece of paper and handing it to John. “There’s always a list.”
"Both of my parents unfortunately passed.""Oh dear," John's mother hugged him again. "I'm so sorry to hear that, dear."
Sherlock shut him up with a hot and heavy kiss, his fingers threading through John’s hair. After a moment he detached himself and stood - John let out a whine at the loss despite himself, eyes going wide as Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of John’s chair.
“Well, um, we weren’t sure you were aware, but it appears - erm - “ She looked down at her feet. “Sherlock is pregnant, and we weren’t sure how attached he was to the pregnancy in question.”
“You knew and you didn’t tell me.” John said into the air between them.
"You can all fuck off," Sherlock hung up the phone and set it onto the bar, cradling the bottle in his hand. The bartender gave him a pitiful look. Sherlock returned it with a glare.
“Do I need to send you back to rehab, brother mine?” Mycroft inquired quietly. For the first time, John could see the fear and pain in Sherlock’s bright blue eyes.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. “It just means that I’m not sure how well you would have taken it.”
"You kicked me out."
“I’m not just going to ‘forget about them’, Sherlock.” John snapped. “You’ve been cutting yourself for who knows how long, and I’m just supposed to pretend like it’s not happening?”
John laughed when Sherlock ordered nothing but a small latte and a bag of crisps.
“I’m sorry,” John sighed after a moment. “That was harsh.”
John’s eyes widened and he stuttered. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Yes sir,” John said quietly. “Although I think it’s fair to say I’m quite smitten with him too.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said weakly, trying to sit up.
Sherlock smirked at him. “Taking me to bed, Watson?”
“I know, love.” John replied, crossing the space between them and kissing Sherlock softly. “Let’s just go, yeah?”
Sherlock's heart began to beat very fast. He stared down at the ring with his mouth agape, at a loss for words.
John blinked; he would never have imagined Sherlock as an inherently violent person, and yet the threat sent shivers even down his spine. Victor, however, took it all in stride, smiling cheerfully.
“Of course he knew,” Sherlock scowled. “It’s not like I could hide it from him.”
Sherlock shuddered, moaning as John slipped another finger into him. "Fuck, John, please - "
Sherlock peeled his eyes open to find John staring at him. He tried to blink away some of the sleep, wrapping an arm around John's middle and drawing him closer.
Sherlock nodded and continued eating. John went about making tea, careful to move slow and quietly so as not to spook Sherlock. Sherlock finished his cake, wiped his mouth and put his plate in the sink before retreating to the living room. John couldn't help but let himself smile a bit; Sherlock, though still too quiet (an after effect, John knew, of receiving beatings for making too much noise), was at least starting to return to his normal self, bit by bit. Sherlock turned on trash telly.
“I have a shirt, upstairs.” Sherlock murmured, not meeting John’s gaze. He stood hurriedly and made his way towards the stairs. John followed.
“And Lestrade came by looking for you. I told him you weren’t here. Where have you been?” John’s eyes narrowed. “You don’t drive to work, so you weren’t there.”
He expected Sherlock to pull away, moaning the latter’s name loudly when Sherlock swallowed instead. He slumped back into his seat, spent, panting for breath. Sherlock tucked John back into his jeans and stood again, looking smug and satisfied as he turned towards the couch.
“Um, well, I know it’s really early in our relationship,” John muttered, staring at his feet again. “But, um, well, I’ve been behind on rent for a few months, and I got an eviction notice from my landlord today, and - “
"What?"
"Sherlock..."
Two days passed. Sherlock didn’t show up for work on either, even though John kept a careful eye out for him, and waited after the flower shop closed just to see if he had missed Sherlock within the tattoo shop.
“I - I did but - i-in public? Really?” John managed, trying to not let all of his focus be pulled to Sherlock’s hand massaging his cock through his jeans. Sherlock bit down on the skin just below John’s ear, making him moan once more.
"I don't think so," Mycroft said, stepping in front of him. Sherlock stared at him.
"So those bruises just happened naturally, hm?"
And Sherlock had brought him coffee that morning.
"Molly," John closed his eyes. Molly looked apologetic again.
Sherlock stood, swayed for a moment, and then darted to the bathroom, pushing the lid open just in time to vomit into the toilet bowl. He wretched again, coughing, then collapsed against the bathroom wall, flushing the toilet in defeat.
John and Sherlock go out on their first date, and subsequently end up discussing their life stories.
“Fox,” Marla called from the front. “Your ten o’ clock’s here.”
"C'mon," James smirked a bit, running his hands down Sherlock's sides until they came to rest on Sherlock's hips. "I got you a present, all nice and ready."
John reached out and plucked the second cup from his hands. “I was almost out, anyway. So thanks.”
"What the fuck?!"
John continued snooping with his tea in hand, crossing first and foremost to the letters on the mantelpiece. Pulling them from underneath the ridiculously large knife, he began to rifle through them. Most of them were from Mycroft, one was from a gynecologist, and the one on the very bottom was to Sherlock, from one William Holmes. Curious, he pulled the papers from the envelope and unfolded them.
“Your attitude, and your style, and your smoking, and your mysteriousness.” John seemed to be talking to himself, glancing occasionally at the stars above as he did so.
Sherlock glanced at him and then back to the television, looking unsurprised. "Alright."
“So what made you get into tattooing?”
Sherlock shoved his hands in his pockets. "I don't know what you're talking about."
They stepped into the deli, taking a seat at the booth near the window. John got a sandwich with crisps; Sherlock got only coffee.
Sherlock's mouth had gone numb, humiliation flushing the back of his neck up to the tips of his ears and his cheeks.
"I did used to live here," John muttered nastily, watching as Sherlock went and stood behind the man. The man only smirked wider, turning and grabbing a fistful of Sherlock's curls.
"John," Sherlock managed, hips arching, desperate for any contact or friction he could get. John pulled his body away, smirking.
“Like I said, he’s never liked anyone, John. And certainly not like he likes you. As I told you before, he wouldn’t leave just anyone alone in his flat, with all his secrets.”
"Lovely," Sherlock replied, digging in the cabinet for some paracetamol.
“To get a beer,” Sherlock mumbled, pushing John out of the way with his foot and slipping through the door. John sighed and followed him, watching Sherlock pull open the fridge door and take a beer out.
“Are you drunk?” John frowned. Sherlock didn’t reply, stumbling his way to his chair and flopping into it. Mycroft strode in from the kitchen, leaning on his umbrella in front of where Sherlock sat. A minute or so of silence passed. Sherlock hiccuped.
"I've been having a lot of rough sex with strange men, Molly, don't you think bruises are an aftermath of that?"
“I didn’t hurt him - “
“You what now?”
John knocked three times on the door of 221B. It was a minute or so before the door opened, revealing Sherlock, lanky as ever, in a hoodie with the sleeves pushed up and sweatpants. He looked like shit again, all the weight he had gained from rehab now gone; his hair desperately needed a cut, there were dark purple bags under his eyes and track marks littering the inside of both his elbows. A large gash on his forehead was crudely stapled shut and oozing. Sherlock squinted at John for a moment.
"Sherlock - "
"Then it's not old news," John muttered. "He's still actively hurting you."
John sighed quietly, taking residence in his chair and watching the two from afar as Sherlock’s quiet crying filled the room. It eventually faded, softening the room into a gentle silence.
“What can I say?” Sherlock leaned back in his chair, shrugging nonchalantly. “It’s one of my many kinks, John.”
“I wasn’t aware we were officially dating,” Sherlock couldn’t help but counter, his wit too quick for his mouth to block.
“I was thinking Speedy’s,” John replied as they left the shop together. Sherlock nodded in agreement and lit a cigarette.
“Fox,” she called to the back of the parlor. “Take a break. Your lunch date’s here.”
The drive back to his place wasn’t a long one. Fitting the key into the lock, he let himself into the flat and shivered. It seemed so foreign compared to Baker Street now, even though he had only been gone a few days. Shaking the feeling off, he made his way into the bedroom. He had just enough time to shower and get cleaned up before meeting Sherlock for lunch.
"You could tell Mycroft, Sherlock. He could get it taken care of."
With the wound at least halfway taken care of, Sherlock shuffled his way from the bathroom back into the living room, collapsing on the couch with exhaustion and running his hands roughly over his face. He glanced at the clock next to the cow skull above the mantle; it was almost six already.
“I don’t either,” John said softly. “Now go, I know you probably have to get to work.”
Sherlock let out a loud groan when Mycroft joined them in the kitchen, leaning on his umbrella.
The nurse nodded and bustled away. Mycroft approached John slowly.
“Dinner on Friday would be fine,” John rolled his eyes. “I was just teasing.”
Sherlock tucked the bag into the inside pocket of his coat and rolled his eyes, leaving without further comment and slipping cat-like down the stairs and back towards Baker Street. Every part of him was shaking by the time he got back to the flat, and he walked as fast as he could until with a sigh of relief he locked himself in the bathroom and hurriedly began the process of melting the coke to pull into the syringe.
“Attempted murder-suicide?”
"Neither does anyone else," Sherlock snapped, fist suddenly slamming into the kitchen wall. There was the audible crunch of his hand breaking. Mycroft made a soft noise of understanding.
He had to fight not to smile, not to let Sherlock know that he had heard. After a few moments of silence, Sherlock laid his head on John's shoulder and fell asleep.
John’s heart fluttered. “Aw, Sherlock.”
“Well I should come with,” John replied, sitting up.
"Ready to beg yet?"
"Urine sample it is, then," Mycroft said eventually. Molly gave Sherlock an apologetic look, producing a specimen cup from a drawer. Sherlock sniffed hard as he picked it up, moving towards the door.
"Someone's made a mess of himself," John smirked, then kissed him, hard and passionate yet gentle, a mark of ownership, of acceptance. Sherlock shuddered, submitting to it, still trying to catch his breath.
John sighed, then kicked off his shoes and crawled onto the bed. He positioned himself beside Sherlock - essentially the big spoon - and wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s skinny middle.
He turned to leave. John grabbed him by the arm.
"Food?" John asked eventually.
Sherlock took a moment to stare down at his arms, a twinge of desire running through him at the sight of the fading track marks. His last hit seemed like forever ago. Pushing the thought from his mind, Sherlock finished cleaning himself up and then rejoined John in the kitchen, where fresh breakfast was waiting as promised.
"How much better I could be at fucking you than those other guys, how slow and gentle I could be until it drove you crazy, until I teased and teased you until you begged to be fucked like the whore - "
“I actually had a question.”
"It's not what you think it is," Sherlock said quickly, just as their ticket number was called. Molly got up and returned seconds later with their baskets of food. Sherlock ran one of his long, thin fingers around the lip of his cup's lid, unsure what to say.
"Why are you so determined about this, Sherlock? This man doesn't love you."
“That’s perfectly fine,” John murmured softly, planting a gentle kiss below Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock leaned on him, pushing them both into a lying position on the old couch. They were both asleep in minutes.
“Just do everything you can to keep them both alive,” Mycroft told her. “We’ll confer with Sherlock after he’s out of the woods.”
"Why would I care? You're my boyfriend, not him," he made sure to keep his voice low and rumbly, that special sort of sultry James especially liked.
“You’re what?” John leaned forward.
He packed away the uniform and hid it in its spot under the floorboard closest to the wall and the bathtub, wiping the blood from his nose with his sleeve. When he opened the door, it was to find John staring at him.
“C’mon, John.” Sherlock mumbled, his cheeks positively crimson now. John did it again, lower this time, his hands massaging the outer parts of Sherlock’s thighs. He unbuttoned Sherlock’s jeans and let them fall, smirking even wider when he saw the bulge in Sherlock’s black and blue spotted boxers. He licked it, the fabric rough on his tongue, and Sherlock made an obscene, delicious sound, flinging one arm out to catch himself on the desk as his knees buckled.
“Well, it was nice to see you John. Tell Sherlock I’m looking for him next time you see him?” Lestrade made his way towards the door.
“‘Still’ nothing.” Sherlock kissed him deeply, pressing him up against the wall. “I want you here, John.”
"What do you want, Mycroft?"
"Sherlock, Sherlock - !"
"Like hell you are. Did I say you could?"
"You and I both know it was just as likely my infections came from an unclean needle."
“No,” John shook his head, his voice quiet. “No, I don’t think he even knows.”
John ambled into the kitchen. The kitchen table was covered in various beakers and science equipment, looking both dangerous and disgusting. John rifled through the cabinets - Sherlock was right, there were very little edible items, but soon enough John found both tea and the kettle. He put the kettle on, then continued snooping.
Sherlock sat up immediately, chugging the rest of his beer. Mycroft scowled.
"You're forfeiting before the fight's even begun."
“Yeah, we busted him before he could get any more heroin,” Lestrade said, walking up to beside John with the cell key in his hand. “Lucky we did, or else he’d probably be dead right now.”
"Shush, you."
"Please," Sherlock managed to choke out, hips arching again, his mind blanking for a moment. "John - "
"Your mother is nice."
“You are what you suck,” Sherlock replied in a low voice, taking a draw off his cigarette. John reached out and grabbed his other hand. Sherlock glanced at him in surprise.
“More importantly,” John lowered his voice, staring Sherlock down. “What kind of shit did you do to get fostered out?”
“Sherlock...do you... not want me to?”
“I drew that piece for my mum,” Sherlock said quietly, his eyes glinting almost mischievously. “Get it? Mum, mums. I tattooed it onto myself after I drew it.”
"No," John shook his head and helped himself to some of the wine. "Killed herself when Sherlock was a baby. Not that I can blame her, seeing the absolute monster she was married to."
"Yeah?"
John shook his head. “He was gone when I woke up.”
“Bite as I may, I am much better at sucking.”
Sherlock glanced at him, a look of surprise on his face. He didn’t reply.
“Well, wuss or not, that’s what would happen.” He felt Sherlock’s foot rub against the inside of his leg. He took a drink of his coffee to hide his ever-reddening cheeks, heat creeping up the back of his neck as Sherlock’s foot crept up further and further.
James answered the door, smiling at the sight of John. "How can I help you, Johnny boy?"
"You've always been an upstanding man, John, you'll do the right thing and go back to her and raise a child with her, convince yourself to love her again." Sherlock picked at a loose thread of the blanket, shrugging. "It's alright, John."
“Sherlock?” John tried to shake him awake. “Sherlock?!” He pressed his hands against the growing blood stain in Sherlock’s t-shirt, trying not to panic as he dug his phone out of his pocket with his other hand. Sherlock was limp and almost lifeless beneath him. John rang an ambulance as best he could with his shaking voice.
"Since when?" The words were out of John's mouth before he could stop them.
"I don't want it 'taken care of'," hmmm Sherlock huffed, shaking his head. "Look, it's my business. What John and Myc don't know won't hurt them, oh yes clearly none of this is hurting them and I can handle it on my own. It's under control, okay?"
Sherlock felt heat rise to his cheek as he realized the flower shop boy was staring at him from across the street. With his tongue like cotton, he finished wrapping the girl’s tattoo and tried not to let his cheeks go any redder.
He visited Sherlock every day, even when Sherlock was transferred to the psych ward. When it was time for Sherlock to be discharged, John moved back into Baker Street.
"And why is that, Sherlock? Why are you keeping this a secret?" Molly lowered her voice. "If someone is hurting you - "
Ice cold water washed over his face. Sherlock spluttered, sitting up, the void of sleep quickly dissipating from his brain.
"No," Sherlock replied immediately, taking a drag off his cigarette. "Just a flatmate."
"I thought maybe he still had his mother. That maybe she had remarried or something."
"I want to make sure you're getting tested," John said quickly. Sherlock stared at him, cheeks flushing.
"John, please," Sherlock gasped, closing his eyes as his body convulsed, hips tightening and arching upward as warm relief flooded his jeans. He leaned back against the wall, breathing hard, descending from oblivion slowly and pulling John into focus.
“Tattoo?”
Sherlock stared out of his window quietly. John shook his head and started the car. They drove to Baker Street in silence.
“About?”
“Who - ?” John began, but stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face. Sherlock watched Victor leave, breathing heavily, then stood, his boots pounding heavily on the shop’s tile.
“Recreational drug use in no way is certain to lead to death, Greg.” Sherlock shook his finger at Lestrade, eyes wide.
“I promise,” Sherlock nodded. “I don’t want this to end, John.”
“Is not who you’re talking to at the moment,” Lestrade replied, and John could hear the smirk in his voice. “He is with me, though. Showed up at my door nearly blackout drunk. Keeps saying something about a baby.”
John swallowed again, his hands shaking as he quickly closed the email tab on his browser. Sherlock turned, saw him, and strode over, the heels of his boots clacking against the cafe’s hardwood floors.
“Since the first night you stayed at Baker Street,” Sherlock mumbled, heat rising in his cheeks. “I swiped it from the laundry before you could take it back.”
“Made a baby, but ‘e didn’t want it,” Sherlock was saying, as the two came into the flat, his arm slung around Lestrade’s shoulders. “Didn’ want it, not at all. Killed it, right so.”
Stepping into the bathroom, he flipped the light on and turned on the tap, splashing cold water on his face. Patting it dry with a hand towel, he made his way into the living room and searched for his shoes.
The family known for being chaotic vigilantes, even when it meant breaking the law.
“Like murder?”
"He won't be a problem much longer," Sherlock assured him, smacking the inside of his arm and looking for a vein. James let out a chuckle.
Sherlock took a deep breath and took a bite of his potatoes.
“I was thinking the diner down the street, around twelve thirty. Sound good?”
“You’re getting out of control again, Sherlock.” Lestrade chided.
When they were full, John cleared away their dishes and Sherlock set about reading old case notes, curled up on the couch. John joined him after putting the dishes in the sink, pulling a book down from the shelves and settling into his chair.
"What?" he snapped, pushing past his flatmate.
“I’ve spilled my guts to you, Watson. Tell me a bit about yourself.”
John nearly choked on his coffee. “What?”
Sherlock watched him go and then reclined in his chair, finishing his cigarette with a goofy smile on his face.
“Sure, John.”
“So you do, then?” John insisted. “Want to keep it?”
John Watson rolled over onto his back and blinked away a bit of sleep, frowning in confusion. There was no way -
"There's some food in the kitchen if you want some," Molly said pointedly, standing and heading there herself. John, catching her drift, followed her.
“Sherlock - “
“Who?” John blinked. “The baby?”
“I don’t want to be invasive,” Sherlock murmured, prepping his machine.
He was the first one awake the next morning, halfway through his eggs and coffee when Sherlock finally stumbled into the kitchen, blinking against the sunlight streaming in. Fighting to keep his face passive, John stared into his eggs and chewed for a moment as Sherlock made a cup of coffee for himself.
“If you’re getting high,” John closed the door behind him and mirrored Sherlock’s position on the ground, his back against the door. “I get to watch, and make sure you do it as safely as possible.”
"I need to uh, stay here for a few days. Mary and I are in this big row and - "
“I got it when I was in foster care,” John offered, watching Sherlock with a careful gaze. “One of the other kids had found a gun, and it went off when we were in the backyard.”
“Sherlock’s pregnant?” He managed quietly, and he felt a bit sick.
"Tell them to fuck off," he rolled his eyes, taking the shot from the bartender and downing it with ease. "I have better things to do than just mope around the flat listening to you and Mary talk about me."
"Not when you don't do it safely," John replied pointedly. Sherlock sighed again.
“Stay here,” John ordered sternly, standing and leaving the room for the kitchen. Sherlock got to his feet with a groan and followed anyway, shuffling slowly down the stairs.
“We’re on our way back to Baker Street right now,” Lestrade told him. “Nearly there.”
"Hey," John took him by the arm and turned him round again, kissing him once more for only a second or two before pulling away as he stood. "Come downstairs for some breakfast, alright?"
It took John a moment to realize. "Oh."
Sherlock took John into his mouth and John groaned, head falling back, eyelids fluttering. He tangled his hand in Sherlock’s brunette curls as Sherlock’s head bobbed, his tongue flicking around the head. John risked a glance downward and moaned again at the sight, Sherlock’s mouth full of his cock, piercing blue eyes wide, both hands on either of John’s knees as his head bobbed faster. John wasn’t going to last long, and Sherlock seemed to know this, his face smug as he deepthroated. John couldn’t help but buck into it, tugging at Sherlock’s hair, his moans escalating.
A soft smile was playing on Sherlock’s lips. He pulled his right sleeve up more, showing John an identical piece on the inside of his forearm, only this one was ordained by two dates, each on the top and bottom.
"I'm not an idiot, Sherlock. I know what cooked drugs smell like. Get in the damn car."
“Your brother,” John pressed, trying to squeeze more information out of Sherlock about his mysterious sibling.
John watched in horror as the man took Sherlock's head and slammed it into the kitchen counter. Sherlock only whimpered at the violence, but when he pulled his head upright again, the stapled gash had broken open and crimson was pouring down his face. He avoided John's gaze.
John looked up, startled. It was the first time Sherlock had spoken in the week and a half since he'd been admitted to the hospital. Now it was John's turn to stare at him.
"Fine," Sherlock dropped the jar of coffee grounds onto the counter and huffed his way out of the kitchen.
John arched an eyebrow to himself. For Sherlock to use the word 'please', he must really have wanted some chocolate.
“Uh - “ John’s mouth was suddenly very dry. “Erm - “
A shudder ran its course down John's spine. He yanked the door open and left.
“I am...scared, that once you...engage in intimacy with me, you will no longer see me as a man.” Sherlock said quietly to his mug of tea. “Not to mention, I have never...received, before. I’m afraid I’m going to be bad at it.”
“Yes?”
“Maybe it’s best to take care of the problem before it arises.”
Sherlock bit three nurses between intake and transferement to his own private room. When they wheeled the bed into the room, Sherlock curled up on his side, staring at the wall, silent and immobile. John stood outside the room with Lestrade, staring in occasionally; Mycroft sat at Sherlock's bedside, talking, hoping to get any sort of response from his little brother. After a few hours of this, Mycroft stood, joining them outside the room and shutting the door behind him. Anthea appeared, at the ready to receive orders.
“Night boys.” Lestrade waved, then disappeared out the front door. John sat Sherlock on the bed, untying his boots. Sherlock sloppily pulled off his shirt, his fingers struggling at the hem of his binder. He whined in frustration.
John nodded slowly, not sure what to say.
"What do you think of Barcelona?"
“No, Sherlock. I just don’t think it’s the right choice.” John took his hand. “But what you want matters too.”
The party devolved into chatter as Mrs. Hudson finally joined them, then John's mother.  She, too, hugged Sherlock, kissing him warmly on the cheek.
Sherlock scowled. "I don't drink for John Watson."
But Sherlock’s seizing stopped in three, his body relaxing against the mattress. John held him close, and a few more minutes passed until Sherlock spoke.
"I left them with somebody at the sample testing lab, we should have results in about an hour. No worries, I kept the specimen anonymous." He stood, legs a little weak, and followed her from the lab, feeling nauseous for multiple reasons. They walked to a small coffee shop not far from the hospital, where he begrudgingly let her buy him lunch.
John thought about telling Lestrade about the drug room. He bit his tongue, deciding against it.
“Fine,” John replied, kissing him on the cheek. “But this means I get to wear your leather jacket when I want.”
“You could have died from blood loss.”
"This is about you two sleeping together and him not telling you he remembered because he doesn't reciprocate your feelings for him."
“I’m gay. Gay people don’t sit normally.” Sherlock stated matter-of-factly, opening his bag of crisps.
"Isn't that my right?"
Peeling one eye open, John turned his head to look at the clock on his bedside table. 3:17 am.
When they got home, John went into the kitchen to make tea and Sherlock went to the kitchen table to check on his various experiments. The two worked in comfortable silence; this was their routine now, work and then home. Home. John thought about the word for a moment. Yes, home was where his love resided, wherever Sherlock was. Wherever Sherlock laid his head was where John wanted to be.
"Oh, and Johnny boy," the man called, making John stop at the front door with his hand on the doorknob. "I wouldn't suggest calling dear old Mycroft, not if you want Sherlock to stay alive."
"Why is everyone so fucking concerned about my eye? Just give me the fucking smack, Seb, come on - "
Sherlock paused, taking a draw. “Oh?”
“Up and at ‘em,” John murmured, gently pulling Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock grumbled, retreating into his hoodie as he slowly stood. John noticed that Sherlock’s entire body was shaking; he silently followed John to the car, climbing into the front seat before he even began to put his boots on.
The two made eye contact. John's tongue was in his cheek and he crossed his arms. Sherlock sighed heavily.
"Yeah?" John asked. Sherlock sat up a bit and reached over him, lighting a cigarette from the pack on the bedside table. "I'm sorry she asked about your parents."
"Thanks for reminding me I need to get my locks changed." Sherlock lit a cigarette, walking past John and into the hallway, towards the bathroom. John, of course, followed.
"Whaddaya want, mate?"
“Yes.”
"I'd like that."
“A nickname they gave me after they saw my tattoo.”
“He seems quite smitten with you, John.” Mycroft said, low enough that Sherlock couldn’t hear. His eyes were the same color blue, only like ice, with no warmth. “If you hurt him, there will be consequences. Understood?”
John leaned forward, palms against the counter. "Mary is coming over later. Part of our agreement with Mycroft was that neither you or I can leave the flat, remember?"
“Who said I didn’t want to pursue a relationship with you anymore?” John retorted, crossing his arms with a frown.
"You haven't even told him we're getting married," Mary replied, and it was like a knife had slipped itself into Sherlock's heart, twisting until the blade dug in deep. He found that he couldn't breathe.
Mycroft gave him a look. Sherlock, cheeks flushed, gave a tiny huff and stomped off to a corner of the room, unzipping his jeans and noticing out of the corner of his eye John staring pointedly at the ceiling. A minute or so later he zipped himself up again, capped the specimen cup and gave it to Molly before he went over to the sink to wash his hands.
After a few more draws, he sat up and began to get dressed too. Stewart finished buttoning up his shirt and pulled on his suit jacket.
That got a reaction, Sherlock’s eyes snapping open, his pupils blown wide as he got ten times wetter, slickness spilling over John’s finger. John eagerly lapped it up, his tongue folding expertly into Sherlock’s hole, engulfing his cock all in one action. Sherlock gasped and quivered, squeezing his legs shut; John pushed them apart with his hands, his tongue working furiously as he sucked on Sherlock’s cock.
“How long have you been wearing it, Sherlock?”
Sherlock paused, looking like he was at a loss for words. “I don’t know, John. Telling the father about an unwanted pregnancy hasn’t gone over well for me in the past.”
"Or I'll make you watch our little session tonight," the man had gone back to smirking, tossing a glance at Sherlock, who stared down at the counter without saying anything. "Have our little whore here put on a show for you as he gets fucked by our clients, hm?"
” Sherlock said again, pulling his knees to his chest and lying his head on them. Mycroft sighed, then motioned with his head for John to join him in the kitchen.
Stuffing the letter back into its envelope, he threw the notice back onto the table and strode out of the flat, shutting the door behind him with more force than necessary.
Sherlock deepthroated him without warning, causing John to spasm a bit and the hand in Sherlock's hair to tug hard, eliciting a moan of surprise from Sherlock himself.
"I always used to think what a good little slut you could be for me, Sherlock, how good and obedient you could be, how I could tell Lestrade and your brother and Molly what a good fucktoy you are for me - "
“You don’t have to thank me, John.” Sherlock replied, moving past John and making his way back downstairs.
“I don’t need a babysitter,” came Sherlock’s bored, now only half-high reply.
“Ah yes, your wonderful pickup lines,” John replied, a chuckle escaping him.
“The alcohol in the fridge, too.” Sherlock murmured from his spot in his chair, and John realized that Sherlock was crying. “Take it all.” He sounded exhausted.
“The wound was deeper than they first thought,” John mumbled, his heart in his stomach. “Organ damage. They had to take him to surgery to fix it.”
“Sherlock,” he sighed, walking into the living room to find Sherlock nursing a beer on the couch. “C’mon, love.” He gently pulled the bottle from Sherlock’s hand; Sherlock didn’t protest, instead staring blankly at the telly.
Sherlock felt his heart sink into his stomach. "So you did remember."
"I remember that," Sherlock nodded quietly, staring down at the ring on his finger. "It was the first time anyone had bought me anything for Christmas."
He heard his phone go off from where it was in the pocket of his sweatpants, discarded on the floor. It was probably James - texting him, wondering where he was. Sherlock calmed his racing heart and made a decision. He closed his eyes and let the water run over him.
"You'll just worsen things, John. We're in harm reduction and damage control at this point." She tossed a glance towards the living room. "Maybe it would just be best if you left, for now. I'll text you with updates, okay?"
“Glad you agree,” John muttered smugly, catching Sherlock’s lips in a deep kiss. “Now put your pants on.”
Sherlock took a long, anxious draw off his cigarette before responding. “Heroin, coke, alcohol, ecstasy, crack, you name it…” He swallowed, looking away, suddenly embarrassed by how much he was talking. “Heroin, mostly, though. It was really my vice.”
"Well, maybe I'd like to meet your boyfriend, Sherlock."
“It’ll go numb soon,” Sherlock told him reassuringly, keeping his movements slow and light as he traced over the stencil. John leaned his head back and focused on anything else he could, sighing in relief when the left side of his rib cage went numb a half hour in, just as Sherlock said it would. A little while later, Sherlock finally turned off the machine, cleansed the fresh ink with green soap, then pressed a gentle kiss to the raw skin before pulling back.
“I need a cigarette.” He muttered, and disappeared out of the parlour before John could stop him.
"Yeah, I did," he looked away again. He knew she could probably see right through it, but she said nothing more.
“So, I’d like to pay you back for the coffee. You got time for lunch later on?”
“Alright.” Sherlock murmured, cradling his mug in his hands as Lestrade joined them in the living room. He clapped Sherlock on the back.
He tugged his hood down further over his face, turning and striding away before John could stop him. Next stop: Westminster.
"Time to change your bag," she said. Sherlock turned from his side onto his back, pulling up his gown. John looked away.
“The point of the matter is,” Mycroft cleared his throat pointedly. “Is that I can have it taken care of, if you wish.”
Sherlock took a long draw off his cigarette, sure that the boy could hear his heart thumping against his chest.
Mycroft trained his eyes on Lestrade evenly. “Are you suggesting murder, Detective Inspector?”
smut. just smut.
Lestrade squeezed his shoulder. "Love you, 'Lock."
"We can make it work, Sherlock," John told him earnestly, kissing his hand. "We can figure it out. I know I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Maybe even....maybe even have a baby one day."
“I don’t believe you’re that much of a wuss, John.” Sherlock smirked, a teasing note in his voice, and John couldn’t help but blush.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied without looking up from his desk. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“Why didn’t you tell me he stabbed you?”
“They only teach that to straight men,” the other man took a long draw off his cigarette. “And girls aren’t really my area, mate.”
“You know that’s not the case, Sherlock.”
He reached one hand into the bag and extracted the pads, then the paracetamol. He opened the painkillers and popped two into his mouth, swallowing them before picking up the pads and excusing himself to the restroom. John went into the kitchen and made himself some tea.
“You okay?” John asked, his breath hot against Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock blushed hard and nodded, biting his lip.
"Fine," Seb snatched the wad of cash from Sherlock's hand, turning around to file it away and obtain the right amount of goods. "Fine, Sherlock, but you gotta promise you're gonna stay away from that dickwad, okay?"
"Merry Christmas," John told him, sitting up. He reached over to the bedside table, presenting Sherlock with a black velvet box. Sherlock sat up as well, taking it with a bit of surprise. He opened it to find a diamond ring.
"Sherlock - "
“I’m just not sure it’s the best timing,” he sighed to Lestrade. “With our father and all.”
"You were having nightmares about him."
Sherlock motioned for John to follow as he made his way towards the door.
"You're a flight risk, Sherlock, you're not going to leave this room."
"You sound as disappointed as I feel," Sherlock told him with a small smile.
He locked his bedroom door behind him and got dressed quickly, throwing on another pair of jeans, his boots, and a large, oversized hoodie. He took a look at himself in the mirror on the back of his door - he had serious bag under his eyes, his cheeks sunken in, his jaw line sharp and shaded with stubble. He looked like shit.
"Sherlock," John rumbled, their faces not even an inch from each other, "don't tempt me."
John's eyes fluttered open and, seeing the shadowy figure standing in the doorway of his bedroom, he jumped a bit. Sherlock, silhouetted by the hallway light, stared at him, waiting silently for permission. John moved over, patting the empty space of bed beside him.
Sherlock entered Baker Street and closed the door behind him, peeling off his jacket and throwing his keys onto the floor by the door.
Seb turned his chair to look at him, arching an eyebrow. "Nah, nobody paid me. Some bloke in a sweater came around, talking about cracking skulls if I sold to you again. Seemed pretty serious - took out two of my guys just to prove his point."
“Sorry,” John shook his head. “Recreational use? You should see his bathroom.”
“Wow,” John muttered. Your backstory just gets shittier and shittier, Sherlock.
The doorbell rang a few hours later. Sherlock, seated at the couch with crap telly on and a pack of cigarette sitting at his side, turned to glare at it.
“Can I help you, mate?”
“This isn’t healthy, Sherlock.” John sighed, leaning against the kitchen doorway and watching him. “This isn’t the Sherlock I met a month ago.”
"What happened?" John's voice was quiet. Sherlock shrugged.
this chapter is completely all fluff and i'm not sorry
“Since you’re into girls and I have a girl’s name,” Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly, exhaling smoke again. “Maybe having the name makes me enough of a girl for you to fuck.”
“Where have you been?” John said from the couch. “You’ve been gone all day.”
"Fell and hit my eye on the corner of a table. Not a big deal."
“That’s one of the most painful places,” Sherlock chided, his eyes roving over John’s exposed torso, falling on the scar on John’s shoulder. “But if you insist.”
John nodded slowly.
Sherlock leaned back against the crease of the couch, trying not to lose his consciousness. He closed his eyes - sleep, just for a few minutes, until John gets home.
"Are you okay?"
But Sherlock was on his feet in an instant, yanking the paper from Molly's hand and scanning over it rapidly. When he got to the bottom - the positive results Molly hadn't mentioned - he let out a derisive laugh and threw the sheet onto the nearest table, shoving his hands into his pockets. Molly grabbed it before either John or Mycroft could read it, voice hushed as she followed Sherlock, who began to pace the room like a caged animal.
"Congratulations," Lestrade told John. "Seriously, you're good for him. This is the happiest and the healthiest I've ever seen him."
Sherlock sucked in a ragged breath. “A few days now.”
"I got some paracetamol. Give me a moment and I'll make some tea."
John grew incredibly still. Sherlock cleared his throat a bit awkwardly.
"If he's not there, he's likely at that bloke James' place. You know, out on Abernathy street - uh, I think the address is 284."
“It’s fine, John.” Sherlock leaned over, curling up in the fetal position on the couch. “I’m just going to go to sleep.”
Mycroft blinked, surprised by the sudden politeness of his usually surly little brother. “Sure, thanks.”
“You didn’t know?” Mycroft arched his eyebrows at John. John shook his head, running his hand over his mouth as he began to pace.
John shrugged and took a bite of his sandwich, looking Sherlock over as he chewed. Sherlock was staring absently at the table, apparently lost in thought.
"What was the result of the second test?"
Sherlock stopped playing, turning to look at him. Lestrade stared into his glass of sparkling water.
“That’s because you don’t have one, Donovan.” Sherlock replied without missing a beat, leading John to one of the cubicles in the middle of the shop. John stopped as Sherlock settled at the small desk in the cubicle to get ready for the day, his eyes falling on a small polaroid of himself hanging on the cubicle wall. He smiled softly.
“I wanted to talk about last night.”
“What a shame,” John smirked, his fingers running across the dampening crotch of Sherlock’s boxers. “But I’m glad to be the first, because
"Thank you," Sherlock mumbled. "For everything."
“Been saying that on repeat since he showed up at my door an hour ago,” Lestrade noted. “Reckon he’s been drinking all day.”
"Tired," Sherlock said pointedly, kicking off his boots.
When he finally did come home - after a consecutive seventy two hours of John being worried out of his mind - stumbling through the front door and nearly tripping on his feet, squinting, John was in his chair waiting for him. He jumped to his feet, striding over as Sherlock struggled to shut the door properly.
Sherlock was discharged a few days later, with the promise that he would take all of his antibiotics and stay in Baker Street on bedrest with John to look after him. John felt something was different; Sherlock shuffled around the house in sweatpants and one of Mycroft’s old Oxford hoodies, his eyes downcast, his body language stiff, sad almost. He sulked on the couch and didn’t eat much; he only spoke to correct the telly, refused any tea John offered him, and slept for the majority of the day. John started to become worried when he found empty beer bottles underneath their bed.
“Oh geez,” Sherlock sighed dramatically, popping a crisp into his mouth and chewing. “About ten years ago, I was homeless. By choice, really, I had run away from my brother’s house and...yeah. I was at rock bottom, in the throes of my addiction. One night, I was really high, and doing...not so savory things with a drug supplier in an alleyway when Lestrade caught us. He took me to Scotland Yard, called my brother….well, turns out my brother didn’t want me, and he offered Lestrade a sum to look after me for him. Lestrade, more out of the kindness of his heart than anything, agreed. He took me in, fed me, clothed me, helped me get clean, helped me get my first job, and even saw me through to my own place. I still talk to him every now and then.”
When John awoke in bed the next morning - weird, he didn’t remember leaving the sofa - it was once again alone and to another note on the bedside table.
John didn't bother knocking when he returned the next day, instead letting himself into the building with his old key. When he got into 221B, it was to find an unlikely guest sitting on the loveseat across from Sherlock; Molly, who looked apologetic as she met his gaze. John looked from her to Sherlock, curled up with the blanket again, eyes trained unseeingly on the television; he was high, no doubt about that - but the gash on his forehead had been cleaned and properly sutured and bandaged, his curls carefully shorn to a manageable length.
"Shit!" Sherlock sat up, standing up from the bed and tugging on his pants. He looked at John, panicked. "You have to go."
“Yeah, well he’s relapsed again. Can you come get him or not?”
Sherlock gaped at Lestrade. “Really? You had to go my
Sherlock leaned down, catching John's lips with his own. John returned the kiss full force, and suddenly Sherlock was pressed up against the wall, John's hands digging into his hips.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock turned the water to the hottest it would go and let the water run over him, his curls clinging to his face as he thought about what had just happened. The kissing, and the sex part of it all - why was John doing this? Suddenly giving Sherlock what he wanted - and why had he said that marrying Mary was a mistake? Was Sherlock a homewrecker? He didn't want to be, even if his feelings for John insisted otherwise.
“Jesus,” John muttered, standing and taking a seat next to Sherlock on the couch. He grabbed the hem of Sherlock’s shirt and made a tugging motion. “C’mon, you have to take it off.”
"Look, Molly, just - please just don't say anything, okay? For me?" He put on his puppy dog eyes and stuck out his bottom lip. Molly sighed.
Sherlock ignored the way his heart fluttered and turned to stare at the horizon again, taking a long draw off his cigarette.
Mycroft scrunched up his face in confusion. "What?"
“So,” Sherlock said as they stepped outside. He lit a cigarette and pulled his hood up to protect his hair from the rain.
“Sherlock,” John sighed, running a hand through the soft brunette curls. “Did you want to keep the baby?”
Sherlock moved languidly through 221B, feeling like soft silk in the darkness as he made his way upstairs and into John's room. John was in bed reading a book, glasses perched on his nose, and he looked up inquisitively as Sherlock stepped in.
“I was bored in bed,” Sherlock murmured, eyes cast to the ceiling. “Unless you want to return to the bedroom and make it more interesting?” He smirked at John.
“Don’t care,” John replied, running his tongue broadly up Sherlock’s folds and taking Sherlock’s rock-solid cock into his mouth. Sherlock made another obscene noise, his head falling back. John sucked hard, his tongue swiping against the head, then pulled back, his finger circling Sherlock’s entrance. “If only your brother could see you now.”
“I need a cigarette,” Sherlock muttered to the shop’s owner, Tony, and stepped out before Tony could protest. Standing on the corner of the sidewalk, he lit a menthol, staring resolutely at his boots as he took a draw.
"Wait, wait," Lestrade shook his head. "You can't just - "
"Precisely."
“Sherlock being trans? Mycroft was fine with that. No, it’s because of their father.”
“What’s a vanilla bloke like you doing in this part of town?” The teen exhaled smoke slowly, his smirk only widening as he sexed John up with his eyes. John rolled his own, shaking his head.
Sherlock snorted.
John dropped his fork, letting it clatter onto his plate with a sigh. “It’s Friday, Sherlock, and I seriously don’t think you’ve eaten anything since our lunch date on Tuesday. And you barely ate anything there!”
Forty minutes later, he pulled up to Scotland Yard, locked his car and strode inside.
“What day is it?”
“Murder’s only on the table when it’s necessary,” Sherlock replied. John laughed.
Before Sherlock could stop him, John had pulled the glasses away, revealing the purple and black ring of bruises surrounding Sherlock's swollen left eye. Sherlock stared at his boots, taking a long draw off his cigarette.
John muttered something, turning around and starting a pot of tea.
“Only if it involves a date in the bathroom.” His voice came out smoother than he could have ever imagined; he put on a smirk. John rolled his eyes.
John met the man's gaze evenly, glaring a bit, until the man disappeared into 221B and John was left standing on the staircase, alone. He pretended not to hear Sherlock's scream as he left the building.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
"I thought you were getting clean," Sebastian didn't turn his chair around or even look up from his desk.
"Sherlock, where are you? Lestrade's going to pick you up."
“Not at the moment, no.” John sighed. “Do you want me to come pick him up?”
"I could make you come without even touching you, Sherlock," John's voice was deep, sultry, his eyes dark with lust as Sherlock dropped to his knees and nuzzled the crotch of John's trousers with his nose and mouth. John let out a soft moan, hands threading through Sherlock's curls as Sherlock unzipped the trousers and licked at John through his pants, suddenly ravenous for a different kind of breakfast.
"Sherlock, God, fuck - " John leaned one hand against the wall behind Sherlock for support, eyelids fluttering, "Oh, fuck - "
"We aren't going to talk about it," Sherlock muttered, opening the fridge as Molly set the food on the counter. He took out a beer for himself, then offered her one. Unsure what else to do, she took it, taking a sip of it before she began to partition the food.
"The only thing you're going to get from me is a place to detox, kiddo."
"I love you," John told him. Sherlock visibly cringed.
"You have to tell him eventually. Or what, you're going to stay in this flat forever?" It was Mary, sounding accusatory. Sherlock paused, listening.
"No, that happened when we slept together and you failed to mention that you did in fact remember doing so."
“Fine,” Sherlock sighed, pulling his mobile from his pocket. “Let me just text Tony and OK it with him first.”
“No, apparently you only sleep with people for drugs.” John muttered, missing the flicker of hurt that crossed Sherlock’s face as they got into his car.
Sherlock took John into his mouth and the former broke off stammering, hands tangling in Sherlock's curls as his eyelids fluttered.
John looked up from the book in his lap to where Sherlock was typing away on his laptop at the desk. He furrowed his brow. "For?"
"Fifth Avenue and Westminster," Sherlock slurred, trying to push his way past John.
"This is bullshit. Am I going to have to take my business elsewhere?"
"Let me drop these off and then we can get food, okay?"
“Alright,” she said again, standing slowly and pulling off the gloves. “Give me a few minutes, and then we’ll get started.” She disappeared from the room.
"Oh, so Molly's on that list, but not me?"
“Out?”
“To celebrate you moving in,” he grinned, taking a long draw. “To make it official.”
“It is what it is.” His food arrived, carried by a kind-looking waitress with teased up hair. “Tell me more about being Lestrade’s foster kid.”
“We’re boyfriends for a reason, Sherlock!” John snapped, and Sherlock flinched. “You’re supposed to tell me these things, not hide them like the fucking junkie you are.”
"I think I'm actually happy about it. You know? Gives us a chance for...well, you know."
“Must you make everything dirty?” John sighed dramatically as they came upon their respective shops; Sherlock made work of finishing his cigarette, his next appointment in ten minutes.
“I’m good,” Sherlock breathed, nodding as he pushed past Tony and made his way back to the cubicle. He didn’t look at John, instead going straight to the bottom left-hand drawer of the cubicle desk and pulling out a thick, cable-knit black jumper. After a moment of wonderment, John realised it was his own, watching Sherlock pull it on and push up the sleeves as if it were the most casual thing in the world.
"John - "
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed. “That’s not necessary, John.” He was heaving, out of breath as well, although his sounded a lot more laboured. John’s eyebrows knit together as he watched Sherlock sit on the couch, trying to catch his breath.
"I'm gonna go, erm, shower."
“You two geniuses didn’t think to use protection, John?”
“Easy,” John said quickly, helping Sherlock sit his back up against the headboard. Sherlock waved him off with an impatient growl.
“Alright,” the doctor said as she entered, taking a seat on the stool in front of the bed and pulling on latex gloves. “Since this isn’t your first time here, I assume you don’t need me to go through the procedure step by step with you?”
He whisked away once more and returned with a glass of wine. John looked a bit dumbfounded, and pulled Sherlock to the side.
“Even if that were true, and even if you were a recreational user and not an addict, the man you were propositioning for drugs probably would have continued beating you until you suffered brain injury serious enough to kill you, Sherlock.” Lestrade said patiently, opening the cell door and pulling Sherlock out by the wrist. “And then instead of being here with me, you’d be in a morgue and I’d be investigating a hate crime.”
Sherlock was staring at him now, the movement of his hands automatic as he continued to prep everything. “You were in foster care?”
Sherlock became very still, staring first at her and then down into his cup. He was quiet for several long moments.
John brought him his tea and they sat together in the living room silently, comfortable with each other.
"Put on whatever you want." He dug into the Thai. Molly turned the television off.
“And what is that supposed to mean?”
“Aw, I didn’t know it was bring your boyfriend to work day,” called one of the artists from her chair, smirking.
“Would you mind taking him to bed?” Lestrade asked quietly; Sherlock was mumbling to himself, incomprehensible slurring. “I’ve gotta get back to my flat and work on this triple homicide case.”
“Seized, didn’t I?” He murmured blearily against John’s chest.
"Did you?" Molly asked, catching him off guard. Their eyes met and he swallowed.
"Okay. You know, your brother's probably going to send you to rehab."
"Are you sure you're okay?"
Sherlock paused, his back stiffening. He took a long draw off of his cigarette.
"Did he do it over the holidays?"
John padded into the living room, holding a glass of water in front of Sherlock’s curled up form until the other reluctantly took it, downing half of it with ease.
“You like your boys with tattoos, hm?” John teased, kissing his jaw, only Sherlock didn’t smile.
"We weren't - " John fumbled, obviously caught off guard. That made Sherlock smirk to himself, and with a feeling of triumph, he allowed himself to order a bottle of vodka from the bartender next, content to sit there and sip on it for a good while. "We weren't - we weren't talking about you, Sherlock."
John let himself into the flower shop after lunch, book in hand, and took his seat behind the counter once more. Across the street, through the windows of their respective shops,  he and Sherlock made eye contact. John was reminded of the startling eyes that captivated him to begin with. Oh, the places he and Sherlock had been in just a few short months.
"Yes. Of course yes, John. Of course I do." Sherlock stared at him. "But we only just met three months ago, you're a med student, and after everything - "
“Thanks, Sherl.” Victor murmured, and to John’s surprise, he swooped down and pecked Sherlock on the forehead, disappearing before Sherlock could release any of the rage contorted in his face.
“Yes,” Sherlock said quietly, not meeting his gaze. “My father...was not a very careful man.”
“Why not?” Sherlock murmured, his voice hoarse from lack of use. “It’s not like I have to put in any work. They just pull it out of me.”
John blinked. “Yeah, sure. Thanks.”
"Sherlock, you really - oh fuck - Jesus, Sherlock, what're you - "
“Loans,” John picked at his sandwich with a shrug. “Being a med student is quite expensive, you know. And Mrs. Hudson is an old family friend, and she needed help running the store so I offered. Killed two birds with one stone.”
Sherlock took his cup of coffee and pack of cigarettes to the roof of the Baker Street building, watching the sunset as he smoked his morning cigarette. It was a routine he had gotten into at rehab - something about mindfulness and finding gratitude. He was a bit surprised when John joined him.
John sighed. “We aren’t stable enough for a baby, Sherlock.”
"Well we have to figure something out," Molly said, scrunching up her nose. A second later, John realized why; the smell of cooking heroin wafted through the apartment.  John made to go into the living room, but Molly grabbed his arm to stop him.
He wasn’t sure what made him tell John the second part - he hardly knew the kid, and very, very few people got to know about his
With a slow, deep thrust he came, moaning as Sherlock swallowed. Sherlock pulled away, leaning back on his heels, cheeks flushed pleasantly and his own cock straining against the constraint of his jeans. He tried to hide his discomfort with the last part, but John, quicker than Sherlock could ever give him credit for, took Sherlock by the hair and tugged until Sherlock was standing, back against the wall again. Sherlock flushed and tried to put his hands over his lap to hide himself, but John took him by the wrists and pinned his arms above his head.
“It’s not like I impregnated him on fucking purpose,” John muttered under his breath, his voice trembling. “I can’t believe…”
"An even five hundred, then?" John dug around in his pockets, pulling out pound notes. All he had was three hundred. He pulled out 250 and handed it to James, then let himself be led to the basement door. His stomach churned.
“I knew you didn’t want to have a baby with someone like me.” Sherlock said quietly. “Damaged goods, and a freak on top of it.”
John set the book to the side and crossed the room, planting a kiss on Sherlock's temple. "You mean our honeymoon?"
“Mmmm, what about him?” John murmured, grinning. “Besides the fact that he’s very happy right now?”
"This is about John Watson."
“Better quit while you’re ahead, Watson.”
“Come on,” John said, pulling into a parking spot on the street outside of 221B. He got out and opened Sherlock’s door for him, letting the gangly twenty-year-old lean on him as they made their way into the flat. Managing to get up the stairs, John deposited Sherlock’s lanky figure onto the bed, noting that it looked barely-used. He made sure Sherlock was in the recovery position - on his side, legs crossed, mouth unobstructed - and made to leave.
"I'll go right now, love," John kissed Sherlock's forehead before pulling on his jacket. "You'll be okay by yourself for a minute?"
“Fine,” Sherlock muttered, pulling a baggie from his jean pocket and pouring it into the spoon. Picking it up, he leaned back against the wall and lit his lighter, holding it with ease underneath the spoon’s curve. He was avoiding John’s gaze.
But John only dug his tongue deeper into Sherlock, listening to Sherlock's crescendo of whimpers and moans. Sherlock buried his face in the pillow beneath his head, his entire body on fire with pleasure. When John pulled away and spoke to him, Sherlock had trouble hearing him, too lost in his own head; John had to repeat himself.
- A month later -
“You literally look like you’re ninety pounds,” John chided as he took the booth seat opposite. “And can you not sit like a normal bloke?”
“Just forget about them,” Sherlock mumbled, reaching down and pulling his boxers up so that the cuts were covered. He stood, moving past John to where his ripped jeans were and tugging them back on, buttoning them without looking at his boyfriend.
“Got into a fistfight,” Sherlock slurred, pulling himself to his feet. He stumbled drunkenly to the other side of the bars, smirking at John, only this time the smirk made him look deranged and sad.
Sherlock stared at him with his piercing blue eyes. “Do you really want to know?”
"Congratulations," Molly smiled up at Sherlock, pulling him into a hug.
"Rehab - "
“Where is it?” John said, standing with his hands on his hips and watching Sherlock like a hawk.
“So Mycroft knew.”
John chuckled, kissing him on the jaw. "Of course I'm serious, love. Marry me. We can have the wedding in the spring."
Sherlock’s eyes widened, his breath quickening in anticipation, his fingers shaking as they threaded again through John’s hair.
“Please, John. We just met two months ago, you’re a med student, and I’m - “ He stopped short, a lump in his throat.
“Where are you going?”
Molly and her boyfriend Thomas were the ones to arrive next.
“This your new boyfriend?” Victor asked, nodding to John. John smiled awkwardly.
"How are you feeling?" John asked gently, rising from his chair.
“Our waiter,” Sherlock said, as they sat at Angelo’s on Friday night. “Is into BDSM and dominant women.”
They stared at each other for several long moments. After a moment, Sherlock looked at the ground.
Sherlock suddenly wrapped his foster father into a hug, face buried in Lestrade's shoulder for a moment. Lestrade was only surprised for a moment before he masked it and quickly hugged Sherlock back.
“I love you too.”
“Drinking coffee,” Sherlock said innocently, his foot finally finding the treasure it was so desperately seeking. John bit back a soft gasp, hardening almost immediately under the pressure of Sherlock’s boot. Sherlock was smirking ever so slightly, his boot maneuvering gently and expertly. John squeezed his eyes shut.
“Is this okay?” John asked, surprised but pleased to see that it was Sherlock blushing for goddamn once.
Sherlock let out a huff of laughter, once again caught off guard, so much so that he replied, "both," before he could stop himself. His laughter died immediately and his cheeks flushed crimson; he took a drink of his coffee to busy himself, not meeting her gaze.
“John?” Sherlock said softly, more vulnerable than John ever thought the smooth-talker could be.
He made a small triumphant sound as Sherlock blushed a bright red.
“Any official cause?”
“I’ll make sure he stays incarcerated, Sherlock.” Mycroft said quietly, looking Sherlock in the eyes. “I’ll even make sure he’s dead, if I have to, but you have to get clean. There’s only so much your body can take before it gives out.”
"Who's Sherrinford?"  John asked, catching Sherlock off guard. Sherlock rolled over again, onto his spine, and stared up at the ceiling.
"Fuck," he hissed, grabbing at his arm. He had missed the vein, nicking it instead; blood ran down his arm towards his hand.
“It’s just transport, John.” Sherlock replied. “I only eat when absolutely necessary.”
John’s heart stopped, a lump in his throat as Mycroft turned to him. He couldn’t speak.
“Would you mind, erm,” he cleared his throat, sounding embarrassed. “Would you mind...turning around?”
The color drained from Sherlock’s already pale face. He put on a smile. “That’s fantastic news!”
John shook his head. "This doesn't mean I'm just leaving your life, Sherlock. Just because we can't have sex or whatever anymore doesn't mean I'm going to stand by while that douchebag - "
“You’ve been sleeping all day, Sherlock.” John said, but only got a soft snore in reply. He sighed, watching his boyfriend for a moment before resigning himself back to the kitchen.
"You don't think the whole system knows Moriarty's handling you?" Sebastian let out a chuckle. "Did you know there's an AIDS kink? He's advertising you as his best whore - skinny and sick, for those that like that kind of thing. Pretty weird, if you ask me."
“Want one?”
Sherrinford looked young as ever - bright and shiny and new, his golden curls perfect, the eyeliner he wore curved into an impeccable wing on either side.
Sherlock knew he must look terribly thin. Whether it was the drugs or the possible HIV remained to be seen. He nodded a bit, watching her pad away. He checked his phone - sixteen text messages from John. He pocketed his mobile again. She returned moments later.
“John, please.” He begged, his face buried in John’s neck. “Please,
“Yes?” Mycroft replied cordially, turning to her. She looked scared.
John let out an annoyed sigh.
"You tricked me into a lecture with Thai."
A bit short, Sherlock and John have intimate relations for the first time. Featuring John being a good boyfriend : >
"John."
“Second date already?”
Sherlock leaned against the counter for a long while, his hand in excruciating pain. "Fine."
“It’s okay to be angry, John.” Mycroft smiled wryly.
“No, no,” Sherlock shook his head, his voice pitching an octave lower as John licked it again. “John,
“Sherlock?” He heard the front door open and quickly made his way back down the hall and into the living room. The voice was Lestrade, looking surprised to see John.
Sebastian stared at him, his eye. Sherlock growled, kicking a nearby chair.
“Yes,” John conceded. “But I don’t know if they’re appropriate to ask.”
"Is this okay?" he asked quietly, making John's heart break. John nodded quickly.
"The people who needed to know knew."
"Thank you, Molly," Sherlock pressed a gentle kiss to her cheek. He turned and shook Thomas' hand. "And of course it's lovely to meet you. Can I get you anything to drink?"
The entire parlor erupted into wolf whistles. Sherlock ducked out of one of the back rooms, looking abashedly at the floor as the wolf whistles followed him to the front of the parlor.
Sherlock shrugged, standing and pulling his denim jacket from the back of his chair before pulling it on. “Sure.”
"I'm only twenty three!"
.” John growled, his teeth gritted. “You got rid of my pistol, I’m getting rid of every single thing you could use to hurt yourself.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, taking a drink of his coffee. "Like I said, old news."
"Perhaps that's what you get for whoring yourself out, brother mine." Mycroft's voice was cold again.
The other artists roared with laughter as John blushed bright red, raising his hand awkwardly before hopping off the countertop and slipping towards the back of the store. He could still feel their eyes on him as he tried to look busy, reshelving small succulents and trying to ignore the heat burning his face. He didn’t find it safe to venture out again until twenty minutes later, when the artists had all dispersed to their customers and he was free to sit on the countertop again and read. Another hour passed, and then it was two hours until closing time. Not a single customer all day. John was sure Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t mind if he closed a bit early…
And now, in another few short months, they were going to be married. John allowed himself to smile at the thought as he sat back and opened his book. Him, a jumper-wearing medical student, marrying the flirtatious and punk Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock even put up with Harry. And John found himself part of the foster family of Lestrade, Mycroft and Sherlock. He liked it.
"So it has nothing to do with your boyfriend - slash - pimp?" Molly arched an eyebrow at him. When Sherlock avoided her gaze, she slapped him on the arm.
Sherlock’s cheeks immediately turned crimson. “Only if you promise to wear only the leather jacket.”
He blinked at her. “What do you mean?”
He was quiet for a moment.
John stepped out of the shower a little while later and got dressed quickly, excited to meet his boyfriend for lunch. He grabbed his keys off his dresser and practically skipped into the kitchen, thumbing through his unopened mail before he left. He stopped when he saw the letter from his landlord.
“Night Dad,” Sherlock slurred, his other hand running along the wall to keep his balance as he started down the corridor.
They finished their coffee and threw their garbage away, walking together back towards Bart's. Sherlock found that he wasn't nervous or full of dread - like he inexplicably already knew the results. Still, he flashed Molly an uneasy smile as they stepped onto the elevator and ascended their way towards the sampling lab.
"He was moving out anyway. I just sped up the inevitable."
"Let's go decorate the Christmas tree."
"So waterboarding me was okay?" Sherlock snapped, swinging his legs over the side of the couch. His head pounded with a hangover; looking down, he found a needle still sticking out from his arm. He plucked it out, tossing it onto the table.
“My withdrawals are going to start in a few hours,” Sherlock murmured.
It didn’t take long between the two of them to carry all of John’s things into the Baker Street flat. In truth, John didn’t really own much; not that he minded, he didn’t need much.
“Name’s Sherlock.”
John rolled his eyes, ignoring the jab. "Same guy as before?"
“You really should eat more.” John replied.
“You keep a picture of me in your space?”
"Why're you wearing sunglasses?"  John asked again, reaching for the large sunglasses obscuring half of Sherlock's face. "It's raining and overcast."
“How dare you insinuate that Detective Inspector Lestrade and I’s relationship extends anything beyond professional?”
He got to his feet slowly, gripping the edge of the counter for support. He ran the tap, cupping some water in his hand and slurping it into his mouth. He rinsed and spit, closing his eyes as he fought back another wave of nausea. After a moment of swaying on the spot, he pulled up his t-shirt, running his fingers carefully over the blood-soaked gauze haphazardly taped to his abdomen. He pulled the gauze back, wincing at the sight of the large, purple and blue, blood-crusted gash ripping through his side, quivering with his every breath. It began to bleed again as he pulled the gauze off completely.
“It’s different this time.”
"Tell me what happened to your eye," John took a step forward, hand on Sherlock's arm. Sherlock yanked away. "I've got to go."
“Cocaine, Costwald’s whisky, heroin, speedballs, morphine, vodka, ecstasy, marijuana.” He read off, then looked up at Sherlock. “Jesus, you’ve taken all of this?”
"Don't," John sounded like he was close to crying. "Don't even joke about that, Sherlock."
As in the
They stayed like that for a long while, sitting together in the silence, until soft snoring let John know that Sherlock was asleep again. He sighed and opened his book.
Sherlock wouldn't or couldn't listen, however; he scrambled towards the wall and curled up there, breathing heavily like a scared, wounded animal. John pulled his mobile from his pocket and sent a two-worded text: "284 Abernathy."
"Sherlock - " John began, but was cut off by the sound of the flat's front door opening and a harsh, low voice calling out, "love?"
“You got all of that in the three seconds he was over here?”
In no time, the trio were on their way to Bart's.
"Sherlock..."
"I'll see you around, yeah?"
"What does that mean?"
Sherlock shrugged. “My brain works faster than normal, for some reason. My brother has the same skill.”
“His name is Mycroft.”
“Sherlock,” John said softly. “I didn’t want to get an abortion because of you. I love you, everything about you. You’re not a freak and you’re not damaged goods.”
"Sherlock has some weird emotions sometimes," Lestrade nodded sagely. "He loved his dad, even after everything that bastard did to him."
"Oh, results are in already."
Sherlock walked closer until they were toe-to-toe, looming over John with a satisfied smirk on his face. John swallowed and hoped his arousal wasn’t too obvious.
“Wow,” John shook his head. “And I thought I had it bad.”
“Yeah, Victor was the one before you.” She nodded casually. “The Freak used to come in with bruises all over his face and arms, sometimes he’d be hungover, one time he walked in and there was still a goddamn needle hanging out of his arm.” She looked John up and down. “And before that bloke was Jim, and Jim’s been the worst of them all so far. Tony found the Freak by the dumpster out back once, beat all to hell, couldn’t even tell him what day it was.”
"You mean it?"
Sherlock nodded, attention turned to the laptop once more. "In the kitchen."
“No, shit, no.” He muttered, fumbling in the drawer under the counter for more gauze as blood poured from his wound and down his side in a steady stream. “No, c’mon, fuck.” He hastily pressed the fresh gauze to his abdomen, applying pressure as best he could with one hand as his other hand fumbled for tape. Ripping the tape off with his teeth, he pressed it onto the gauze and smoothed it over, trying to blink away his light-headedness and praying that the bleeding would stop soon.
“Is the baby in danger?” Mycroft asked. “Was it harmed in any way when the wound happened?”
“Hello?”
The door opened, revealing a sweater and jeans-clad John, looking confused. Sherlock fiddled with his hood, shoulders hunched against the drizzling rain and the cold.
“Sure,” Lestrade nodded, smirking. “Either way, he wouldn’t let just anyone be alone in his flat. Sorry you had to see him like that last night. I guess he must’ve fallen off the wagon. One of my officers was out on patrol last night when she saw him, hollering drunkenly outside of his brother’s house. She told him to go home, but saw him a little later with an older man getting the shit beat out of him. Brought him into the Yard.”
"Are you drunk? John asked incredulously, grabbing Sherlock by the wrist as Sherlock shuffled past him. Sherlock let out a soft yelp of pain, pulling his wrist away.
“Sherlock - “ He bit back a moan as Sherlock increased the pressure. “
“We’re - we’re gonna be late,” he managed, his voice breathy.
John blinked, suddenly rethinking his curiosity. “That answer tells me I probably don’t.”
"This is a family matter, Greg,"  Mycroft hissed, and it was impossible to miss the look of hurt on Lestrade's face. "We can't afford for your boys at the Yard to botch this up and let this man go free. I'm dealing with it my way. If you don't like it, arrest me."
“Sherlock - “
“I’m fine,” Sherlock replied, dismissing John’s concern with a wave of his hand. John watched him for a moment, realization dawning on him.
“And as such deductions are being made, might I point out how glaringly obvious it is that you and John have had sexual relations since the last time Lestrade and I were here?” Mycroft shot back, leaning against his umbrella.
"Wow," John gasped softly, examining his rib cage in the mirror. The bundle of chrysanthemums, pink with rawness, were beautifully realistic in shades of black and grey. They were incredibly detailed, the petals almost life-like against John's skin.
They lapsed back into comfortable silence, staring up at the ceiling. Sherlock finished his cigarette and reached over John for the ashtray, stubbing it out before curling up with his head on John’s chest.
“The past few days have proven otherwise,” John retorted, buttoning up his jeans. “Besides, quit complaining, you get to spend the whole day with your boyfriend and I’ll have a chance to get some homework done while you’re tattooing.”
“Ready for work?” He said casually, pushing past Sherlock to collect his bookbag. Sherlock lit a forlorn cigarette.
"Thanks," John muttered, turning and leaving. He had checked the whorehouse last night, after his initial look for Sherlock at Baker Street had turned up empty; he had double-checked the flat this morning in case Sherlock had returned, but still no sight of him. John began his way towards Abernathy street.
“Are you in pain?” John asked quietly. “I can get you some painkillers.”
"I'm fine," Sherlock bit back a groan and rolled over. He could feel John still staring at him.
"Any cases?" John asked him as they sat down. Sherlock had been helping Lestrade out with tough cases lately, something Sherlock enjoyed immensely. Sherlock shook his head as he turned on the television. They dug in.
John felt sick. “So that Victor guy - “
He slotted his key into the lock of 221B and let himself inside, breathing in the familiar scent of his flat with indulgence. It felt good to be home - or at least it did, until he walked into the living room to find John sitting in the old red chair.
"I'm not going back there, Mycroft." Sherlock leaned against the counter, screwing his eyes shut tight.
"You okay, love?" he called as Sherlock emerged from the bathroom some minutes later. Sherlock joined him in the kitchen, wrapping his arms around John from behind and laying his head on John's shoulder.
"Come on."
"I love you, Sherlock Holmes."
“I didn’t expect you to still be here.”
"We're not having this discussion." Sherlock dug the coffee from the cabinet and began the process of putting it into the coffee maker.
Saturday morning, John took himself and his school materials to the coffee shop in the town square, ready to get some studying done before his shift at the flower shop, which opened late on weekends. He ordered his usual - black coffee, light cream, no sugar - and settled into a booth, opening his laptop. All of his paycheque was about to go towards his tuition -
“Knew it,” he murmured, clutching his mug of tea. “They’re dating.”
“Goodnight, Lestrade.” He said at the corner, smiling appreciatively at the Detective Inspector.
Sherlock hated the pitiful looks Molly continued to give him as she struggled to find a vein.
“It’s better than doing drugs,” Sherlock mumbled, still not looking at John as he selected a button-up from the wardrobe.
“What about a baby?”
“What?” the grungy-looking brunette said indignantly. John took a small moment to admire him; his bright blue pants were as patch-studded as his jacket, and covered in safety pins. He was wearing the same blue colored crop top over a mesh undershirt, the pale skin peeking through the mesh holes.
John sat back in his chair with a sigh, his head in his hands, before getting up to make some tea. It was going to be a long night.
“Does it matter?” Sherlock snapped, getting defensive despite himself. “I understand you may no longer want to pursue a romantic relationship with me anymore, but that doesn’t mean we have to drag my genitalia into this conversation.”
“Sherlock,” he said softly, looking down at the cuts beneath his hands.
“Good lord,” he swore loudly. “There’s enough drugs in here to kill you three times over, Sherlock, not to mention give you a life sentence if I were to arrest you.”
"What is it?" John asked, sounding worried. Sherlock continued to pace, saying nothing.
“Oh,” John replied. “Well, that’s a good thing.”
Sherlock finished the tattoo and straightened, snapping off his gloves. The young man got up and went to the counter to pay as Sherlock turned on his stool, wheeling over to John and giving him a kiss.
“Oh, joy.” John muttered with a dry chuckle, twirling pasta on his fork before eating it. They fell into a soft silence, Sherlock continuing to pick at his food.
“It is!” Sherlock huffed indignantly.
“I know, love.” John said gently, frowning slightly. “I was just teasing.”
“Of course not.” Sherlock scoffed, rolling his eyes, but John still felt as if Sherlock was lying. Sherlock took another draw off his cigarette.
"Yes sir," he murmured, taking John into his mouth once again.
"Anyway," John leaned against the counter and crossed his arms. "I can't do anything about Sherlock, Molly. Not by myself, and that absolute stupid fucking cocksucker said if I went to Mycroft, he'd kill Sherlock."
"I can't leave him now," John's voice now, low and serious. "He's just now getting clean, and if I leave now, he'll just go right back to - "
"We don't need a holiday to have sex," John reminded him, tilting Sherlock's chin upward and kissing him deeply. "We could do that any time and anywhere. Like here and now, for instance."
“What in the hell..?” John muttered. Donovan snickered loudly.
"Just, you know - that you're being safe and all. Multiple partners is fine, but - "
Sherlock pulled back, his eyes glinting slightly. John gaped at him in wonderment as Sherlock took his hand, guiding him over to the bed and pushing him down onto it. He stripped in front of John slowly, pulling his shirt over his head and dropping his jeans with swift hands. He straddled John slowly, smirking as John gasped.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock."
"So Sherrinford - "
“Yeah,” Sherlock huffed out a laugh, pulling his denim jacket on closer around him. “My foster dad, basically.”
“Are you alright?”
“What’re you guys doing here?” He muttered, standing carefully and making his way into the kitchen. “And would you like some tea?”
“Yes, it is.” Sherlock murmured, his gaze soft. They walked in silence for a few minutes, Sherlock smoking his cigarette and John watching his feet as he thought. After a moment, they came upon the tattoo parlor. John let go of his hand.
Sherlock hummed from his place in the kitchen, where he was making tea.
Sherlock shook his head once - sending his curls flying back and forth - then took his cup of coffee and once again retreated to his room. John chewed on his tongue for a moment and then took himself into the living room. Opening his laptop, he began to browse the news, looking up only when there was a knock on the door. Before he could even contemplate getting it, however, Sherlock appeared in the living room practically running, tossing only a glance to John before answering the door. John sat back in his chair and watched as Sherlock led the guest through the flat - a different man this time, this one about John's own age, wearing a suit just like the one from this morning. He had a five o' clock shadow and sandy blonde hair, and his eyes practically shone with excitement as he followed Sherlock through the flat - not even noticing John - and into Sherlock's bedroom.
“How’s work been so far?” John asked, then gestured to the bandage on Sherlock’s arm. “I see you’ve gotten a new tattoo.” Sherlock’s arms were already covered in tattoos, anyway, and John wondered how he even found room for a new one.
“Sherlock, calm down.”
“What?”
Lestrade noted his gaze. “John make everything a bit better?”
"Or you'll be begging before I'm done with you," John murmured into his ear, his head ducking down and teeth scraping against the side of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock let out a surprised moan, his knees actually buckling this time, his cock quickly hardening his jeans - he knew John, pressed against him, could feel it. John smirked, his own leg hiking up, knee dragging along the erection and drawing another long, low moan from the man beneath him.
When he awoke in the late afternoon of the next day, it was to the smell of cooking pasta and a breeze coming through the previously-shut windows of his bedroom. John had laid him out some clothes and a towel for a shower - with a groan, Sherlock forced himself to sit up, shaking badly and struggling to see straight. Standing as best he could, he stumbled from his room and into the kitchen, where John was indeed cooking.
“So?”
"You poor bastard. Hooked that bad, are you?"
"Cramps," Sherlock muttered, still not looking up from the laptop. John set the Tesco bag onto the desk, taking a peek at the screen. Sherlock was still looking at potential honeymoon spots.
Sherlock scoffed. "Unbelievable. My brother paid you off?"
“You naughty bastard,” John managed, his sandwich now cold.
John followed his gaze. "Oh, he's here?"
“How bad is it?”
“Oh shush,” John muttered, smiling. “Finish your crisps.”
John sat up slowly, picking his mobile off up off of the table and checking the time. It was just now noon. He stood and stretched, running his hand through his hair before trotting to the bathroom to wash his face. He would have to go back to his own place soon, just for a shower and some new clothes if anything.
“Thirty minutes from now,” Sherlock said absently, all of his attention focused intently on finishing the drawing in front of him. John watched him for a moment in admiration, then pulled his textbook from his bag and began on his homework, keeping himself to one corner of the desk. They worked in silence for a little while, each of them lost in their respective work.
"I'm sorry, John."
“Lestrade’s told me you relapsed.”
"I need a cigarette," he muttered, not really listening to her. He turned and took the stairs, practically gasping for air when he finally pushed his way through the stairwell exit onto the roof. Jumping was tempting; he forced himself to hang back, lighting a cigarette and overlooking the city.
Sherlock scowled. “I don’t need a babysitter.”
“Once again, you and I have very different definitions of teasing.”
“Come on, then.” He said, dropping his cigarette on the ground and crushing it with the heel of his boot as he got out of the car. He began walking towards the clinic, his face unreadable. John shoved his car keys into his pocket and followed.
The pacing of John's thrusting quickened, fingers tangled in Sherlock's curls, the two making occasional eye contact as Sherlock worked magic with his tongue.
"Please fuck me," he managed, whimpering, and John kissed him slow and hard before removing his fingers and replacing them with himself, pushing into Sherlock slowly and gently.
“Oh, erm,” John thought for a moment. “I guess I’ll get it the same place Victor got his.”
“Just because I’m being vulnerable and no longer hiding behind a ‘cool kid’ exterior?” Sherlock muttered into his beer, not looking up. “Sorry to disappoint you, John.”
“Okay.” Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him.
"I'm buying you food becaue you're my friend and we have things to talk about."
“The scar,” John murmured. “I can make observations too.”
“I didn’t want to scare you off,” Sherlock huffed, not meeting John’s eyes.
"You don't have to buy me food because you feel sorry for me."
“Are you sure you don’t want to go to rehab?” Mycroft asked, leaning a little on his umbrella. “You know I could have it taken care of, Sherlock.”
"So what? You ship me off to rehab and I get out just in time for Christmas Dinner at Mummy's?"
Sherlock let them into the flat, throwing his keys onto the floor before kicking off his boots. John peeled off his jacket, watching Sherlock pad over to his chair and curl up in it.
“John - “
“Sounds like a girl’s name to me.”
. John was staring at the ground now as they walked, looking awkward.
On the side of the tub - which was abnormally wide - was a cloth, a spoon, a lighter, and a bundle of needles. On the counter was a razor blade and a large piece of glass, dusted with a powder residue. Several pill bottles lined the back of the counter and the back of the toilet and window sill, most of them filled with pills, some of them stuffed with powder-filled baggies. Beer and whiskey bottles littered the floor. A bong stood next to the tub.
Sherlock turned to him and smiled. "It's actually Holmes-Watson."
"Without telling anyone?"
“Calm down,” Sherlock hissed, looking around them to make sure John hadn’t attracted any attention. “You’re making a big deal out of nothing, John.”
"Have you tried the whorehouse on Seventh?"
John slammed his laptop closed the second he heard the door lock click, his stomach churning and his hand fisting reflexively. After a moment he stood, pulling on his jacket from where it hung on the coat rack and leaving his flat for Mary's. If Sherlock was going to get laid, then so was he.
“Yeah,” John said quietly. “I know why you didn’t tell me, Sherlock, but drugs aren’t the answer.”
“Should you be telling me all this?” John asked, feeling sick to his stomach. The kettle was going off, but he ignored it.
“You drive me crazy sometimes, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock ran a hand through his curls and stared at the ground as well. “You probably didn’t want to know all that.”
“I don’t like to do your kind of teasing in public.”
"Do you remember the first Christmas you spent with me? It was right after I took you in. You looked horrible. I don't think you weighed more than a hundred pounds. You detoxed on the couch at my flat. Kept saying sorry. Sorry to me, sorry to your brother, sorry to your mum. I went out and got you gifts that night, so you'd have some things to unwrap in the morning even though we didn't have a tree."
“You sure?” John asked again, peeling off the old gauze and applying antiseptic to the stitches on Sherlock’s side. Sherlock nodded again, his breath hitching in a way that told John it wasn’t from the antiseptic stinging. He smirked, applying fresh gauze and tape, then pressed a slow, sensual kiss to Sherlock’s naval.
The entire room grew still in a way the four could feel but Thomas couldn't. Sherlock, however, smiled. "Of course."
“I’ll go, then.” John stated. Sherlock let out a small, panicked whine.
John padded his way downstairs and into the kitchen, bumping right into the figure in the hallway in his sleepiness. He blinked and looked at the man in front of him - this wasn't Sherlock.
"I want James Moriarty dead," Mycroft told her, his voice emotionless. "Immediately."
They ordered Thai takeout after their shower together. John divvied up the food and then the two made their way into the living room.
"Speaking of that," Sherlock could feel John watching him as the former fixed his cup of coffee. "How long have you been doing it? The sex work?"
He returned a short time later, carrying a bag with a box of pads and packages of chocolate inside. Sherlock was right where John left him, looking contemplative, holding what John assumed to be a hot water bottle to his stomach. John was glad he picked up some paracetamol.
“The fetus was never alive, John.” Sherlock snapped, swiping furiously at his eyes. “My father, however, is the one who’s dead.”
"You can't blame everything on me being with Mary, Sherlock, that's not fair."
“It’s not about us being together, John.” Sherlock explained, smirking slightly. “Even if we weren’t together, I’d let you stay at the flat. It’s too big for one person anyway. Now, would you like me to go there with you tonight and help you pack?” They came to a halt outside of Speedy’s; Sherlock lingered on the curb to finish his cigarette.
"Two more clients and then we're headed home."
“You too.”
"Fuck, Sherl - "
"I needed to - to ask a favor."
“You have questions,” Sherlock said, as John took the chair opposite him.
He could hear Sherlock in the backseat of the car, whining drunkenly, sounding tearful. He sighed.
“Sherlock, answer your damn phone. It’s been six hours since you’ve left, and it’s getting late. I’m worried.” John hit the ‘end call’ button and tossed his phone onto the couch, downing the rest of his tea in a desperate attempt to soothe his anxiety. His phone rang; he jumped to get it, hitting the ‘answer’ button without even seeing who it was first.
"Shh," Sherlock murmured, climbing into the bed with him and kissing him softly, hiking one leg up and over John's middle so that he was on John's lap. He took the book in his hands and folded it closed, setting it to the side before kissing John again, gently, his fingers threading through the hair at the nape of John's neck.
At twelve thirty, John swallowed his anxiety and boldly walked into the Undead Ink tattoo shop. The girl at the desk - covered in so many tattoos there wasn’t any bare skin left - arched a pierced eyebrow at him. “Can I help you?”
Lestrade, like years past, was the first one to arrive at the annual Baker Street Christmas Gathering. He brought a bottle of sparkling water, not missing a beat as he took in the engagement rings and grinned at the two.
“I thought you liked it?” John could feel Sherlock smirking against his neck, his hand pressing against the parting of John’s legs firmly. John’s eyelids fluttered.
"None of your business," Sherlock huffed, shuffling towards his bedroom. "I'm going to sleep, John, goodnight."
"Coffee might upset your - "
this fic is all over the place lajdfopqewi i'm sorry i'm a shit writer
"And what has Sherlock Holmes ever done for you, then?" Mary's voice rose a bit. "What has he done besides lie to you and keep things from you?"
“Really?”
“Take a look,” he murmured, nodding to the mirror.
“Caught you off guard, did I?” It was John’s turn to smirk, proud of himself.
"No," John shook his head, voice shaking a bit. "No, no. You weren't - you weren't sleeping with those guys for money. You weren't. Right, Sherlock? Sherlock?"
John did as he was told, removing his shirt as he stretched out on the chair. Sherlock stopped, his eyebrows going up in mild alarm.
“I can’t spend another day moping around this flat,” Sherlock snapped, and John let go of his hand. Sherlock turned to him, his gaze softening.
“I’m trans,” he spit out, letting the words fall from his throat jaggedly. John stared at him, the tension stretching in the silence between them.
“John?” Sherlock murmured, a mischievous glint in his eye, his foot stroking John through his trousers. John gasped, drawing closer and closer to the edge until - yes, warmth flooded the inside of his trousers, his hands shaking as his eyelids fluttered. Sherlock withdrew his foot with a wide smirk, taking a drink from his coffee.
“Fuck,” he moaned, clenching. “Fuck, you’re big.”
“Boring.” Sherlock muttered, a smirk tugging at his mouth. “You really are vanilla, John. I called it from the moment I saw you.”
Sherlock decided he was done with this conversation, picking up his coffee mug and retreating sullenly to his bedroom where he could have withdrawal symptoms in peace. To his mild surprise, John didn't follow, instead allowing Sherlock to sit on the edge of his bed alone in complete silence. Sherlock didn't know if he was grateful for this or not.  He set the cup of coffee on his nightstand and curled up in the fetal position on the mattress, fighting a wave of nausea. Somehow, he was able to sleep again.
“What about you?”
They sat in silence for a moment.
John arched an eyebrow at him. Sherlock’s stomach fluttered at how cute the expression was.
"Great, what, I got a drug dealer with a conscience?" Sherlock snapped, digging out a wad of cash from his pocket. "C'mon, Seb. Please."
"Sorry, right. And he's refusing to take any of his HIV meds."
Sherlock tossed the now-empty bottle onto the couch with a sneer. “What are you doing here?”
“Oh,” John looked away, training his eyes anywhere but Sherlock’s. “Erm. For, you know. Just in case.”
Sherlock nodded slowly and quietly as the nurse came in.
“Yes.”
Molly's gaze had become fixated on the bruises around Sherlock's wrists. With another sniffle, he pulled on his sleeves to hide them.
Sherlock nearly choked on his tea, his entire face and even the tips of his ears going red. He spluttered.
John arched an eyebrow. "Oh, he's for sale now?"
“About what?”
"Alright?" John asked. "Sherlock - "
“John, John, I’m - “ Sherlock fell into mindless babbling, his entire body melting and coming undone above John. John didn’t even pause, pushing two fingers into him and twisting as he sucked hard and fast; Sherlock came almost immediately, clenching and quivering as he cried out John’s name. John sucked him off through it, feeling smug and pleased with himself as Sherlock collapsed against the desk, his head falling back. John leveled with him, sucking a love bite onto Sherlock’s exposed neck.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock said blearily, his eyes opening slowly. Mycroft smiled at him.
By the third day, John just assumed that Sherlock was sick with the flu or something. At the end of his day, after closing the shop, he got into his car and drove home. He did all of his homework - six hours of it, goddamit - and let himself into bed, cursing the fact that he had classes tomorrow.
"So you had a good night last night."
"What, John?"
"I do need you to run down to Tesco for some pads. Oh, and chocolate, please."
“Don’t go,” came Sherlock’s voice softly from the bed. John turned to see Sherlock staring at him, eyes half-lidded. “Please stay.”
“Top one is when she died, and the bottom one is the date of the first abortion.” Sherlock kept his voice low so none of the other artists would hear. “It’s just interesting, that that’s the one you chose instinctively. You chose it without even knowing that it’s the biggest part of me I’ve put out in the world.”
More staring. John looked away.
“Over the last twenty four hours, not all at once.” Sherlock scoffed. “Mostly cocaine and whisky, though.” He swayed on the spot, falling into a fit of giggles.
One of the notorious Mob families in their part of London.
It was a quick walk to Westminster and the condemned house that stood on its corner. Sherlock went to the back door, rotting with decay, and knocked three times precisely. A rail thin man with ebony skin and bad teeth answered, giving Sherlock a once-over before stepping to the side and letting the man inside. Sherlock passed by the urine-soaked mattresses on the floor without second though, taking the rickety stairs two at a time until he got to the second floor bedroom.
It was John’s turn to smirk. “Aw, you brought me coffee! How cute.”
"Sure," Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly, not looking at him. "It's whatever, John. It's fine. Stay as long as you need."
Sherlock, a bit relieved, took a bite of his sandwich, suddenly ravenous. He knew Molly was watching him and he forced himself to slow down, taking the time to chew before s before swallowing. He really hadn't eaten in days.
“Shall we go inside?” He asked, throwing his cigarette on the ground. John smiled at him as they made their way into the diner.
"He's moving out," Sherlock said curtly just as the needle pierced his skin. He let out a small sigh of ecstasy.
“We’ll worry about that after dinner,” John replied. They waited for their food to arrive. When it did, they ate in comfortable silence.
“Shut up,” Sherlock told his tea, his eyes determinedly looking anywhere but John’s direction.
"Leave him alone, John. In fact, both of you, get out of here. Let Sherlock have a moment of peace."
They laid together side by side afterwards, heaving for breath and grinning to themselves. Sherlock lit a cigarette, watching the smoke unfurl towards the ceiling.
Sherlock stared at the eldest Holmes across the dinner table from him.
“So if he knew, why didn’t he do anything sooner?”
"Will I be seeing you again?"
"John Hamish Watson!" His mother slapped him on the shoulder. "That's not nice. It's not good to talk ill of the dead."
And in one swift motion, he was standing, pushing Sherlock so that he was sitting on the desk as he pulled off Sherlock’s boxers at the same time. He dropped to his knees again, nudging Sherlock’s legs open with his hands, pressing a hard kiss on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock shuddered, his hand re-tangling in John’s hair and tugging, a soft whine escaping him.
"You know, you don't have to be such a cock," John sighed. "I get that you're like, ashamed or whatever - "
Sherlock nodded, sniffling into his blanket, eyes bloodshot and pupils dilated. Lestrade wandered over, running his hand through Sherlock’s curls once before sitting down on the couch. Mycroft joined him, seeming to take careful consideration of the distance between them. They waited in silence until the drug squad arrived. Sherlock stood, almost losing balance, before shuffling his way over to John and burying his still very wet face in John’s neck. John rubbed his back, watching as the team of people took everything away.
Sherlock entered his bedroom and tugged his shirt off over his head slowly. John fought back a gasp; Sherlock’s entire rib area, visible beneath the binder, was bruised. Sherlock turned to look at him, apprehensive.
John turned towards him, grinning, and began to dance his way. "Come on, you know you want to dance with me."
"Less talking," John managed, voice choked a bit as he gave Sherlock's hair a particularly hard tug. Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
"I wanted to assess how much more of a dumpsterfire you've become since I last saw you," Mycroft smiled coldly. "Also to inform you that Mummy and Father want us to come around to the States for the holidays - not that I'm going to let you go like this."
“Mr. Holmes?”
When he woke up it was to find himself alone. He pushed down the panic rising in his chest and got up, checking first the bathroom, then the living room, then the kitchen. It was the last place that he found Sherlock, standing out the counter with a plateful of cake, shoveling it into his mouth with a fork.  He looked up as John came in. It was the first thing John had seen Sherlock eat since coming home from the hospital. He looked pretty adorable, with chocolate smeared around the outside of his lip just a bit. He paused when John walked into the kitchen.
“Fuck off,” Sherlock slurred, his hands running through his curls. He slumped back in his chair.
John sighed, pulling the beer from his hand again. “Do you want to talk about what’s compelling you to drink at the moment?”
John’s stomach churned, his heart dropping into his stomach. “Oh.”
“I know it was you,” John shook his head. “SH? Sherlock Holmes? How come you didn’t tell me you came from the Holmes family?”
“Too much,” Sherlock mumbled, rubbing his bloodshot eyes. “I feel sick.”
“Looks a little vanilla for you, Holmes.”
John couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock got a certain clientele. Mostly girls. Hot girls, skinny, with long hair and curvy bodies, all of them wanting their boobs or their ass or the stomach tattooed. John watched them all obsessively, watched the way Sherlock’s hand spread their skin as he tattooed them.
"You don't want to make things worse for him, do you, Johnny boy?" the man was snarling now. "Then get the hell out of this flat."
"See you later Fox," Donovan called as Sherlock and John left the shop. They stepped outside and Sherlock lit a cigarette. Hand in hand, the two walked home.
“You’re beautiful,” John murmured, his hips moving slow and methodical. Sherlock’s pale skin glinted in the light, sweat running down his neck. John’s tongue darted out and grabbed it, running itself up the column of ivory and nibbling on Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock’s hitched as he moaned, rocking, his hands threading through John’s hair.
“I eat enough,” Sherlock huffed, settling into a booth with his knees pulled to his chest. He took a sip of his latte.
"Say it, Sherlock." John nipped at Sherlock's earlobe. Sherlock flushed red again, his hips matching the rhythm of John's fingers.
“I love you,” John murmured, half-asleep. Sherlock nuzzled closer, soft heat creeping up his cheeks.
"You hungry?" John asked him, bringing him his tea. Sherlock shook his head silently, setting the tea on the coffee table without taking a drink. John watched him for a moment, then took a seat in his own chair. Sherlock turned on the television, watching it unseeingly.
After a few minutes, Molly managed to find a salvageable vein and drew some blood, putting it to the side before bandaging his arm.
“Eat,” John jabbed his fork at him. “Seriously, I never see you consume food. Surely you must be hungry?”
“I didn’t want to make it weird. We only just met not even a month ago and - “
Sherlock went silent, staring down at his plate. John realized what he said and spluttered, his cheeks going rosy.
“Dad?” Sherlock mumbled, his head in his hands now.
Shaking his head, John slid the screen towards the ‘answer’ side and put the phone up to his ear.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said softly, taking another sip of his latte. John shrugged.
"What, you're gonna kill him or something?"
“Is Sherlock here?”
"Our sex holiday."
“I’m going out.”
The first thing John looked for the next morning before even unlocking the flower shop’s front door was the tell-tale mop of curls belonging to Sherlock. When he found him through the glass - seated in a chair, tattooing some girl’s tit - and wow, John didn’t like the way that made his stomach churn - he unlocked the door and let himself into the flower shop to open. He took a large sip from his coffee and sat it on the counter, flipping every light switch on the wall into the ‘on’ position as he did so. Rose Petals and Peonies was officially open for business.
"Sherlock - "
“Yes, John.” Mycroft straightened and turned towards the aforementioned. Crossing the room to where John stood, he stuck out his hand. “I don’t believe we’ve met.”
He pressed the needle to skin and John gasped in pain, screwing his eyes shut tight.
“Work?” John repeated, reaching out and grabbing Sherlock by the hand. “No, you can’t work. You just had two pretty big operations, you need to rest.”
“Oi!” Donovan launched a paper wad at the two of them. “Keep your dirty talking in the bedroom, Freak!”
Molly nodded slowly, then began to get the second HIV test ready. "I'm sorry, Sherlock."
He saw Sherlock again that night, curled up on the couch with a blanket thrown over him, knees pulled to his chest and watching crap telly. He didn't look up as John came in.
"I know," John nodded quietly. The room was plunged into silence.
He went to shut the door, but John was too quick; he stepped inside before Sherlock could shut him out. "Sherlock, we need to talk."
"You haven't told him you're positive yet? Sherlock, think about the people you're putting at risk - "
"Of course I do," John took Sherlock's free hand in his own. "I want to marry you now more than ever, Sherlock. If you want to."
“But he - “
“Just came in to do a bit of studying,” John fought to keep his voice under control. “Got an interesting email.”
“He’s getting released soon,” Sherlock’s voice was quiet as he pulled the smack into the syringe, tying the torniquete around his skinny arm. “He’s got connections, people he can pay off to get out of prison.” Finding a good vein - and John wondered how, with all the track marks littering the inside of Sherlock’s arm - he slid the needle in with practiced ease and leaned his head back as he injected it, pupils going wide with euphoria.
"Before or after you moved out?" Sherlock barked out a harsh laugh. "Or were you waiting on me to kill myself with drugs so you wouldn't have to tell me anything?"
"Be very careful in what you say next, John Watson."
With a small groan, he let go of John's waist and made his way slowly back to the desk, his tongue thick and dry. He pulled up the email from the client of his next appointment and printed off the attached tattoo design. John took up residence in his fold out chair once again, opening his textbooks to work on his homework and keeping a careful but discreet eye on Sherlock. The rest of the day passed uneventful, although the entire time, John’s mind whirled with the new information about Sherlock’s past.
“Of course.” John blinked at him. Sherlock’s heart was stuck in his stomach.
"He's not gonna know," Sherlock assured him, anger bubbling in his chest. Why did John have to ruin everything? He held out the wad once more. "C'mon, Seb. Please - I - I need this."
"There's tea," John told him, watching him as Sherlock entered the room. Sherlock rubbed at his eyes, his mouth tasting distinctly of vomit. He wandered over to the counter, forgoing the tea in favor of making coffee.
He got his bearings together and found his discarded clothes in the hall. Pulling them on as he walked, he moved shamefully through the flat to the front door.
"Don't you have a date with Mary tonight?" Sherlock asked him pointedly, not looking at him. "Or anywhere to be besides here?"
"I'm not going at all," Sherlock told him, rubbing his uninjured eye with the heel of his hand, then: "James and I already have plans."
He winked before he slipped back into the flower shop. Sherlock finished his cigarette with a fluttering stomach.
They laid in bed naked together after eating, sharing gentle, tender kisses, hands exploring each other's bodies slowly and with growing comfort.
"It's not a joke," Sherlock replied before he could stop himself. He took another long pull of liquid courage.
e sight of something new caught his attention. A head full of brunette, lazy curls, slightly trimmed. The head turned and revealed its face - an angular, pale canvas punctuated with miscellaneous studs and rings. Bright green eyes that snapped around and met John’s, the beautiful smile fading almost instantly. The man - teen, really, he couldn’t have been older than twenty - turned halfway and said something to one of the other artists. A different artist replied. Smirking, the teen turned back towards John and slowly gave him the bird.
“Hi,” said a gruff voice, making John flinch in his sleepy state. “Is this John Watson?”
“You’re the first person he’s ever shown interest in,” Lestrade was saying. “He’s actually pretty closed off, believe it or not. Took me years to get him to trust me enough to take him in. And Mycroft? Sherlock hates him with every bone in his body.”
“No need to get snarky, Sherl.”
Sherlock hummed quietly in response, setting the kettle on the stove, a small smile playing on his lips. Mycroft and Lestrade glanced at each other, eyebrows arched.
“I know,” Sherlock nodded. “So you don’t want to keep it?”
“I love you too,” he mumbled, a huge grin overtaking his face. John wondered if he remembered anything from last night.
“You and I have very different definitions of teasing.”
Sherlock felt his heart sink even further. “I was going to tell you eventually. It just didn’t seem like something you bring up on a first date, you know?”
Sherlock licked his lips, looking away.
“I want to hear you beg for it, Sherlock.”
"I know."
(See the end of the chapter for
“You okay?” He asked, glancing at John. John swallowed, his palms sweating with anxiety.
“You don’t have to worry about it anymore,” Mycroft assured him. “I have it taken care of. This situation was the proof I needed.” He tapped his umbrella on the ground and turned towards the door. “I’ll be in touch, John. Make sure you take care of him, okay?” And with that, he was gone.
"Is it any of your business?" He turned, walking towards the hallway. John, determined, followed him.
"Okay, love," John kissed him gently. "I trust you."
"So your flatmate," the man - Sherlock thought his name was Stewart - said as he buckled his belt. "Is that your boyfriend or something?"
“So,” Lestrade stood once the team was finished, Mycroft quickly following suit. “We’ll be back to check in tomorrow. John, would you mind staying with him for the night?”
"I'm getting clean of all that," Sherlock murmured, kissing him again, his hands on James' chest. James' smirk faded, his hand reaching up and circling Sherlock's wrist with an iron-tight grip.
"I told you we were going to his dad's funeral," John hissed in his mother's ear. She had the sense to look a bit guilty.
"And I'm forever grateful for that, Dad."
John tried to swallow past the cotton feel of his tongue. “Wait, Sherlock’s high? I thought he was sober…”
"If I didn't care, you would know, Sherlock. I wouldn't pretend that I did if I didn't."
“I can bite,” Sherlock growled, casting his eyes towards John at last. “Make no mistake in that regard, John.”
John blushed and spluttered. Sherlock chuckled, bunching up the side of his shirt as they continued to walk. He turned to show John the impressive fox that took up part of his rib cage, spreading down over his abdomen and stomach.
“Let me change your dressing before we leave,” John made his way to the hallway bathroom to retrieve the first aid kit. When he returned, Sherlock had changed from his hoodie into a half-tank grey binder. John got on his knees in front of him, setting the first aid kit onto the floor and opening it. Sherlock stared at the ceiling, his hands awkwardly folded against his chest.
"Sherlock - " John gasped, hand moving tentatively over the top of Sherlock's head as Sherlock worked on removing John's pants, "Sherlock, what're you - what - "
"Welcome home," he said as they stepped inside. Molly had gotten a banner and a cake, both reading 'welcome home Sherlock'. Sherlock ignored them as he stepped inside, settling in on his usual spot on the couch. John went into the kitchen to make tea.
"What?" Sherlock kept his head halfway turned, not looking at him.
Sherlock was staring at him, his gaze piercing John to his core. He looked down into his coffee mug.
“The appointment’s tomorrow, Sherlock. You can’t show up there drunk.”
"I don't want to talk about it."
Sherlock shook his head stubbornly, moaning loudly when John bit his neck again. John licked the bite for a few seconds before continuing.
"Must be rough," James murmured, watching him. Sherlock shrugged, discarding the empty syringe and straddling James once more.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, still staring at the ceiling. "I've got to get used to it."
"Why'd you kick John out?" she asked eventually. Sherlock took a long pull from his beer.
"Thanks," John told Molly. "For - you know, taking care of him."
The people in Sherlock's life confront him about his relapse.
With a sigh, John unfolded the piece of paper, to find a list in Sherlock’s messy chicken scratch of a handwriting.
“Let me repay your lunch with dinner. Friday? I know this great place, and I know the owner so we can eat for free.”
John didn’t realize he was staring until Sherlock’s bright green eyes were staring back at him. He blinked and shook himself, pulling his attention back to the book he held in his hands, gaze sliding out of the words distractedly. It was going to be a longer day than usual.
The answer popped into his mind just as the actual figure strode into the coffee shop, piercings glinting in the sunlight, not even noticing John as he walked to the counter to order.
Sherlock said nothing. John gave the man one last glare before he turned to leave.
"I'm fine," Sherlock told him, lighting a cigarette and going into the kitchen. John followed him, looking awkward.
Sherlock stared at the ground as he smoked, thinking of his brother. Oh, how disappointed Mycroft would be in him now.
"Look, Sherlock, it's okay if you don't know. I can take you, actually, right now - we can go to Bart's, have Molly run the test."
“He wants nothing more than to hurt Sherlock.” Mycroft replied. “And he’s got numerous ways of doing so.”
“Unless you would prefer me to keep bringing you coffee in the mornings?”
When he awoke from his third nightmare that night it was to find John silhouetted in his doorway, watching him. Sherlock, pouring sweat, met his gaze.
"It's okay," Sherlock exhaled smoke slowly. "She's a lovely woman, John, and she raised an amazing man."
"Is it a boyfriend or a pimp?"
"Shut up and give me the shit," Sherlock snapped, wiping at his nose with his sleeve. It was bleeding again. "And a couple of rigs."
Sherlock walked in, folding himself into the space beside John silently. He stared at John; John, eager to get back to sleep, closed his eyes. He could hear Sherlock breathing beside him, slow and deliberate; after a moment, he felt Sherlock's hand slip into his.
Both Mycroft and John wanted to argue, but when Molly crossed her arms and gave them a stern look, they conceded, leaving the room together. It was only then that Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, tears making their way down his sunken cheeks.
Twenty minutes later, John was locking the flower shop’s front door with the ancient, silver key when he heard somebody wolf whistle behind him. His cheeks once again bright red, he swallowed audibly and turned to face his cat-caller. He was unsurprised when it turned out to be the new kid at the tattoo shop, smirking lips wrapped around a cigarette. The teen’s black jeans were torn with holes, and the ratty band tee he wore - some American band John had only vaguely heard of - had the sleeves cut off and hung like drapes on the teen’s skinny frame. John sighed as he approached him.
"That's what I said," Sherlock replied, "sex holiday."
"Sherlock," John's voice was quiet. "I was going to tell you."
“I’ve got eyes on him at all times.” Mycroft assured him, smiling wryly at his partner. “But sooner or later he’s going to try and get in contact with Sherlock, and I’m afraid once he does, it will send Sherlock on another bender.”
"So much for tea," Sherlock said and John laughed, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder.
“Erm, Sherlock,” John managed, trying and failing to keep his breath from hitching. “What’re you doing?”
“I can stand,” John assured him, still blushing. He got to his feet slowly, peeling off his jacket and tying it around his waist to hide the stain. Sherlock smirked at this, his eyes roving over John as he licked his lips.
"I don't believe that's any of your business," Sherlock replied, the back of his neck going slightly pink.
"Mmf - Sherlock - " John pulled away long enough to give Sherlock a long, searching look. Sherlock met his gaze evenly, drunkenly, before sinking lower.
John's lips turned upwards with a small smile. "Go on. I'll get a book and come join you."
"Shut up and hug me," Lestrade replied, hugging him tightly. Sherlock actually looked like he might cry, cheeks crimson as he pulled away, taking the bottle of sparkling water and whisking away to the kitchen.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade down at Scotland Yard. Look, I don’t have a lot of time to talk, tonight’s been hectic. Sherlock’s here, drunk and high off his tits. Normally I would just stick him in a cell and let him sober up overnight, but I don’t have the space, time or patience to do that tonight. He kept telling me to call you. Any chance you could come pick him up?”
Sherlock lit a cigarette, unable to speak to either one of them. After a moment of John continuing to badger, Molly stepped forward.
“Seeing Mycroft,” Sherlock replied, kicking off his boots.
John used one hand to pull at Sherlock’s sleeves, examining the bruises scattered along his arms quietly.
When the search of the entire flat came up empty, John threw the hood of his jacket up against the rain and made his way down to the condemned house on Westminster street. He shoved his way past the doorkeeper and up the stairs, throwing open the door to the bedroom only to find Seb on the bed, a naked girl riding him.
“Have an idea of where you want to get it?” Sherlock asked after a few minutes, not looking up from the task at hand.
John, half-asleep, felt the weight of the bed shift, and the warm figure snuggled against him pull away. With a soft groan, he opened one eye, watching Sherlock pull on a pair of ripped jeans.
“Well, can I at least return the favor?” John followed, watching Sherlock plop down onto the couch again and pick up his mug.
"Friends are on their way over," James murmured to him, not that Sherlock exactly heard him. He wondered for a moment what the drug had been laced with, as his eyelids drooped and he began to nod off into unconsciousness. Things went black quickly, gathering like a curtain after a theatre performance. When Sherlock woke up again, still high - fresh track marks indicative of being drugged continuously through his sleep - it was to find himself on the mattress in the flat's spare bedroom, alone and naked, covered in mysterious new bruises and sore. He sat up, breathing heavily, and called out James' name weakly. Nothing.
"It's beautiful."
“That’s not true.”
"Sherlock, just because I got married doesn't mean I don't care about you anymore."
Mycroft looked him over as he set the now-empty pitcher onto the coffee table. "I was running out of ways to try and wake you up, brother mine."
“Going back to work any time soon?” Mycroft asked quietly, his tone soft, forgiving.
"Do grow up, John. How many nights have I had to endure listening to your girlfriends fake orgasms?"
“All bark and no bite, are you?” John hummed, trying to keep it cool despite his growing arousal.
“That he’s killed one, or something.” Lestrade replied. “Care to explain that one?”
"What's your point, Mycroft? You're moving up in the world while your little brother remains a dumpsterfire?"
"I made tea," Sherlock told him, looking up long enough to give John a kiss. "I love you."
“This is it,” John murmured, a few hours later as he let Sherlock into his flat. “It’s a lot smaller than Baker Street, mind you.”
“They worked, didn’t they?” Sherlock deadpanned, glancing at John out of the corner of his eye with a smile. He reached out with his left hand, patting the tattooing chair. “Take a seat.”
"My stomach hurts," he rumbled into John's ear, a whine underscoring his voice. "Come to bed and cuddle me."
“Ignore her,” Sherlock said in an undertone, setting up the ink before he slowly and carefully pressed the design to Victor’s arm. It was a large, intricate dragon, its slender body winding around Victor’s bicep.
"Do you remember that night after we caught that leather-obsessed serial killer and went out for drinks afterward?" Sherlock didn't wait for John to answer. "We slept together that night. You were too drunk to remember it. You should get tested."
"Shower," Sherlock replied. "Then food."
“Always,” He replied, watching John’s ass as the latter walked towards the flower shop. “I’ll see you later?”
Before John could ask anymore, Sherlock swooped down and kissed him, catching John’s chapped, vanilla-flavored lips with his own smooth ones, tasting like the ghost of liquor.  Their bodies were flush for only a moment, their kiss lingering, before Sherlock pulled away, his cigarette laying forgotten and smoldering on the ground below.
“John,” Sherlock mumbled.
"Results are back," she muttered uselessly, avoiding Sherlock's gaze and instead speaking to John. "Cocain, heroin, ecstacy and - "
“Your father got arrested in the States, then.”
“Getting it on my ribs,” John explained, smirking at Sherlock’s expression.
“Well, he normally doesn’t, but my brother paid him, so…”
“John,” Sherlock said softly, meeting John’s eyes. “You know me better than anyone else, even in the few short days we’ve been friends. Can I trust you?”
John blinked. “Oh. Of...of course not.”
"I need to know where Sherlock is."
“I just…” Sherlock faltered. “Wait, what?”
"Does Mary ever blow you like this?" Sherlock murmured, kissing his way along the shaft with a smirk.
"We don't really get on."
“Just trying to work, mind you. Didn’t your mum ever teach you it’s rude to catcall?”
"Don't sound so surprised, John," Sherlock drawled in his usual Sherlockian drawling voice. "I have a sex life, as unlikely as that may seem to you and others."
“Yeah,” Lestrade nodded, looking at the floor then back up at John, his eyes fiery. “Let me just remind you, John, that I’ve raised him, since he was a young teen. Sherlock’s the closest thing I have to a kid, and if you’ve hurt him, I’m gonna hurt you.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft began, casting a dark look at John before continuing. “The wound you sustained caused the baby some distress.”
"And?" Mycroft prompted. Molly flushed a bit.
Sherlock let out a soft snort. "Thanks." He took another drag off his cigarette.
"Uh, wine, if you have it?"
"I love you," Sherlock said suddenly, as if reading John's mind. John hummed, not looking up from the tea. He brought the mug full of tea over to Sherlock, setting it on the scarce empty space of the kitchen table. Sherlock reached down, capturing John's lips with his own. They stood there, kissing, for several long moments until John pulled away, dizzy. Tea forgotten he grabbed Sherlock by the collar of his shirt, pulling him down for another and walking them backwards towards the bedroom.
Sherlock stumbled a bit, feeling sick. He pocketed the package and made his way home, stepping into the empty, sterile flat and letting the loneliness wash over him.
just to let u know i don't edit any of these before i upload them lmao hope you enjoy anyway
"Of course I've told him," Sherlock muttered. "He doesn't want anything to do with me anymore, happy?"
“What in God’s name have you taken?”
"It's better if I say this out here," Sherlock insisted. John let out a huff and joined him on the asphalt.
Sherlock’s smirk faded immediately as his cheeks grew rosy. “Shut up,” he muttered, scuffing his toes embarrassedly against the hardwood floors. Mycroft allowed himself to smirk as he drank the rest of his tea.
“Yeah,” John said distractedly, his mind elsewhere as he watched Lestrade leave. He went to the kitchen and made himself some tea.
“It’s worth it to have seen that look on your face when I took my shirt off.” John settled onto his back. “Did you have any questions?”
“May I speak to John alone?” Sherlock said softly. Mycroft nodded once and stood, excusing himself from the room gracefully.
Sherlock turned his head and kissed him, soft and gentle, searching. John let it last for several long seconds before pulling away, meeting Sherlock's gaze.
“Sure.” He licked his lips nervously. “But if you’re gonna take me to lunch, I should at least get to know your name.”
"Fine. But you're going to have to eat your sandwich in exchange, understand? It looks like you haven't eaten in days. And I'm going to teach you how to use concealer properly."
"What?" Molly stared at him, shaken, as Sherlock set his bottle down and stood, striding over to the coat rack and pulling on his jacket.
“Did you sleep in your binder?”
Sherlock glanced upward, up the stairs towards the door of 221B, panic evident in his face for just a second. "You should go, John."
John opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by the flat’s door opening. Lestrade strode in, followed by a man in an expensive three-piece suit carrying an umbrella. The man from the photo.
“I just...I’m not sure I’m ready, John. If that’s okay.”
“‘Cuz of the whole trans thing, right.” John muttered. Lestrade gave him an inquisitive look.
“You’re supposed to be sober,” John murmured, setting the beer on the coffee table and sitting beside him. “Feeding your addiction does nothing but hurt you.”
“It’s just driving me crazy, John. Making me want to drink and use. Fresh air and work to distract me will be good.”
"You were screaming," John replied, voice quiet and gentle. "I wanted to make sure you were okay."
“Sherlock?” John murmured around the bulge, nuzzling it with his cheek. “Has anyone ever blown you before?”
"They are when it comes to you," Mycroft snapped. "Your stubbornness has always been your most fatal flaw, Sherlock. Stubbornness, this refusal to accept help, this incessant need to stand on your own even when your knees are broken - this need to push everyone away who cares about you, this unquenchable need for self destruction - it's going to get you killed. This man is going to end up killing you - "
“Of course you can stay at Baker Street,” Sherlock said automatically, exhaling smoke through his nose. “You should have said something earlier, John.”
"Well, what else did you take? Who have you been with? You can't just disappear for days on end without - "
"Now's the part where I make you beg to come without even touching you," John smirked, then leaned his head forward to suck a hickey along Sherlock's Adam's apple. "Where I tell you all about those nights I would lay awake in bed, listening to you fuck someone else and wishing it was me inside you, pounding you into the mattress, making you moan my name - "
“What was that for?” John said after a little while. Sherlock lit a cigarette.
“Hey love,” he murmured, kissing John on the cheek. John fought not to blush. “Ready for lunch?”
"Him beating you constitutes you being happy?" Mycroft followed him, arching an incredulous eyebrow. "At some point you have to stop wallowing in your self-will and surrender, Sherlock. Accept the help I'm trying to offer you."
"Not rehab. I mean Mummy's."
“Of course I don’t want to keep it,” Sherlock muttered. “As you said, we aren’t financially or emotionally well enough to sustain another life form. Nor am I mentally stable enough to withstand pregnancy and the resulting lifestyle.”
Realizing the implication, John turned a bright red. “Not like that. Just to keep an eye on him and make sure he was alright.”
"I'm working on it," John was saying. "He's too vulnerable right now, and he's sick, and if I tell him now - if I leave him now - our friendship won't survive it, Mary."
“Sherlock.”
He could hear John calling for him to come back - "come back so we can talk about this" - but Sherlock just made his way stumbling down the stairs, falling eventually face-first onto the couch, where he promptly began to snore, his brain like soft buzzing. When he woke up again, with no idea how much time had passed, he knew John had gone - the flat felt distinctly empty, void of soul and warmth, sterile, just as it had been when Sherlock had moved in at the tender age of 21, just a few years ago. He laid out on the couch and stared at the ceiling, trying to get used to that feeling again. The flat now felt like a year-round winter.
"Please what?" John murmured, smirking as he worked Sherlock for a minute before adding another finger.
Sherlock let out a huff of annoyance and dug into his jean pocket, producing the bills accordingly. Sebastian took the money and filed it away, stuffed Sherlock's product in a bag, and tossed it to him.
"I know."
"Come inside, Sherlock, it's freezing."
Sherlock Holmes.
With a groan, he sat himself up and pulled his smartphone off its charger, wondering who in the hell could be calling this late. Or was it early?
“Of course,” John said quietly, standing and walking over to where they sat. He pulled Sherlock’s lanky, heavy figure to his feet, slinging Sherlock’s skinny arm around his shoulders and making their way towards the hallway.
"I didn't know you had another brother."
“About my tuition being paid for the next four years.”
When the lab door finally screeched open, all three heads in the room turned to look at Molly as she came in, face drawn.
They sat in silence for a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts until the doctor returned.
“Thanks!” The girl chirped as she slid out of his chair and towards the front counter to pay. Sherlock nodded to her once, turning his gaze to the window and catching the flower shop boy’s own soft brown stare. He tried to swallow past the sudden lump in his throat. The other man looked away suddenly, seeming - what? Scared? Disgusted?
“No.” Sherlock said softly.
John frankly couldn't give a damn, but instead of arguing with his mother he took a seat in his chair and watched Sherlock from afar. It was easy to the sadness now lining his fiance's shoulders, making them hard and hunched. Sherlock stared out of the window as he played, his mind on his father. Lestrade came to stand beside him.
"Where have you been the past month and a half?"
"You want to marry me?" Sherlock couldn't help the disbelief in his voice. "After everything, you want to marry me? Still?"
The nurse returned. “He’s asleep at the moment, but he should be waking up soon, if you’d like to see him.”
“Sherlock - “
"I fell and hit my eye on a table corner," Sherlock muttered, standing and going into the kitchen. He extracted an ice pack from the freezer, pressing it to his bruised eye.
The drive to the private clinic wasn’t a long one from Baker Street; as such, they arrived much earlier than John anticipated, and opted to wait in the car until they got closer to the time of the appointment. Sherlock lit a cigarette.
"Just get in the car, Sherlock," John said quietly.
“We’re a bunch of children?” The girl guffawed and threw a wad of paper at him. “Get out of here.”
He reached out and stroked Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock closed his eyes, looking like he might be sick. John found he couldn't look at his former flatmate, opting instead to stare at the floor as he spoke to Sherlock directly.
“Sherlock!” John chided from the kitchen, watching Sherlock’s lithe figure collapse onto the couch. “I told you to stay in bed.”
“What did she mean,” John asked, staring at Sherlock. “This isn’t your first time? You’ve been here before?”
"Mary cheated on me," John told Sherlock's stationary figure. Sherlock only continued to stare at him in silence, blinking occasionally. John continued.
“He’s dead,” Sherlock mumbled, his shoulders shaking with silent sobs.
“We’re not! We’re just dating.”
"It's about time you settled down, Sherlock."
Sherlock turned his head to face the wall, heart pounding in his chest. After several minutes of silence John finally left, closing the door behind him and plunging the bedroom into darkness. Sherlock felt hot tears roll down his cheeks.
Sherlock sighed but didn’t deny it, staring into the lid of his coffee cup silently.
"You're pushing away your problems, Sherlock. Drinking and using and staying with your shitty boyfriend isn't helping anything, now is it? Neither is pushing away John."
Sherlock looked punk as ever, wearing the same torn, ratty black jeans he had been when they first met. His combat boots were laced up to his bony knees; his curly hair was wet and unkempt, the eyeliner around his eyes and the blue lipstick he wore smudged with wear. The mesh undershirt had also returned, layered underneath the patch- and pin-covered denim jacket he always wore. There were cuts lining his rib cage, sticking out like sore thumbs from beneath the mesh, looking fresh. There was a gash on his face, his lip busted open, his left eye black and slightly swollen. His pupils were dilated beyond any natural occurrence.
John took his hand. They shook once.
They stared at each other for a moment. Sherlock took a deep, laboured breath.
"Sure," Sherlock nodded, turning around and taking a seat in his desk chair, opening his notebook. "That's fine. Just take your old bedroom."
Sherlock sighed loudly. "Since you were in the flat infrequently enough not to notice."
"My oldest brother."
“Someone made a mess of himself.”
John looked down at his feet. "You still doing the - the sex work thing?"
"You're not take-out."
"Are you okay?" John asked him after a few moments of silence. Sherlock nodded mutely, not looking at him. John couldn't help the gnawing feeling of worry in his chest; this was so unlike the Sherlock he knew from even just a few months ago.
“You didn’t know it was unwanted.”
"Started?"
She snapped on some fresh gloves. “Let’s get started.”
Sherlock eyed the takeout, want overtaking suspicion as he opened the door further and let her in. Molly took in the sea of empty liquor bottles on the living room floor as Sherlock led her through the flat.
And so Sherlock was, moping around the flat in old hoodies and sweatpants, barely eating and barely sleeping. John would come downstairs in the middle of the night - they still slept in separate beds - to find Sherlock at the window overlooking Baker Street, chain smoking.
-- Two weeks later --
Tugging on his pants and shoes, he stumbled his way to the bathroom, where he splashed cold water on his face to wake himself up before driving.
“Whatever you say, John.” Sherlock was trying to hide the smile playing on his lips.
"You look like an idiot, you know."
Sherlock laid back in bed and lit a cigarette, taking the cash the man handed him and setting it down beside him as the other got dressed.
“Yeah, Sherlock?”
“Start what?” Sherlock hummed, his lips moving to John’s neck. John tilted his head back with a soft moan.
“Just got me pregnant,” Sherlock said loudly from the couch. Lestrade’s eyebrows shot up, his hand clamping like a vice on John’s shoulder.
“We’re definitely late now,” Sherlock murmured weakly, forehead shining with sweat. His legs were shaking. “That was worth it, though.”
"You can stay," Sherlock mumbled, not looking anywhere but the ceiling as the nurse began to change his ileostomy bag. John nodded to himself, staring down at his feet as the nurse changed the bag and then left again.
"You're serious?"
John learns more about Sherlock than he would really have liked to.
Lestrade said nothing, his broad hand rubbing Sherlock’s bony shoulders. “It’s going to be okay, Sherlock. You’re safe now.”
“Send them back,” Sherlock called in reply, not looking up from his artwork. A young man in his twenties appeared; his skin was perfect, an olive brown, complimented by bright green eyes and untidy black hair. He cleared his throat; Sherlock looked up, immediately stiffening.
“Hello, Victor.” He said, his voice like stone.
"I know, love," John drew his attention away again, kissing him more deeply this time. "I'm saying we can start on the sex part early."
“I’m being professional,” Sherlock replied, his gaze steady as he stared Victor down. “And don’t you ever call me that again, or this machine won’t be the only thing I hurt you with.”
He paced the waiting room anxiously, keeping his hands shoved in his pocket to stop them from shaking. How much longer until Mycroft was going to arrive?
It seemed to last forever and ever, until finally, things went quiet, the room gone still. John inexplicably knew, somehow, that the flat was empty; the man had left and taken Sherlock with him.
"Then why are you so scared of them finding out?" Molly countered. Sherlock sighed.
Lestrade deposited him onto the couch, where Sherlock remained face-first in the cushions, mumbling to himself.
"We've been losing some clients. They say your...flatmate puts them off."
Sherlock had stopped breathing, his eyes trained on the paper before them, running his slender fingers over them absently. “Interesting.”
That didn’t stop him from watching them, though.
“I’m making a big deal because my boyfriend refuses to ever eat anything.”
“Yeah, make sure you wear knee pads next time you stay the night at Andersons, Donovan.” Sherlock shot back, and John collapsed against him in a fit of giggles.
“What is it?” Sherlock murmured, staring at the two. “You’re not telling me something.”
“You didn’t think to ask him?” Mycroft murmured, his eyes boring into John. “He’s not stable enough to handle this kind of thing, John. Not with the trauma he’s endured.”
"I love you too."
“Yeah, yeah.” John ran his hand over his face. “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
"You get three hours," James told him, smirking and opening the door for him. He closed the door again as John descended the stairs. The room was large and pitch black; John managed to make out a singular chain hanging from the ceiling and tugged on it, flooding the room in dim light. He had to bite back a gasp.
Molly looked at him sadly. "That's not true, Sherlock. Plenty of people live with HIV, they take their meds and they have healthy, happy lives - "
“Do we have to?” Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes.
“Here,” John said gently, helping Sherlock wiggle out of the binder. He plucked the Oxford hoodie off of the bedroom floor and handed it to him, keeping his eyes averted as Sherlock tugged it on. He unbuttoned Sherlock’s trousers and slipped them off, then helped Sherlock fold his impossibly long legs onto the bed.
“You didn’t bother to tell me you come from one of the notoriously violent mob families in London?”
John was quiet at this. Sherlock knew that he was thinking about the truth in Mary's words. He sniffed hard, taking a drink of the cold coffee on his nightstand before standing and peeling off his sweat-soaked shirt. Gathering the towel and laid out clothes in his arms, he went into the bathroom, being as loud as he could to make his presence known. Before John could make the connection of Sherlock being there and asking him how he was, however, Sherlock had locked himself in the bathroom and turned the shower on, the water scalding hot. He stripped himself of his sweats and pants before stepping in, the water burning his scalp. He let it.
“I don’t want anything to happen to you,” Sherlock insisted, leaning down and kissing John softly. “Promise me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and climbed off of him, reaching for the needle with one hand and rolling up the sleeve of his hoodie with the other. James watched him, lighting a cigarette.
"Breakfast'll be ready when you get out," John smirked at him, getting new eggs from the fridge. Sherlock nodded slowly, mind hazy as he excused himself to the restroom and stripped.
“You think you’re the only boyfriend he’s had?” She called to John. “Only the others weren’t nearly as nice, mind you.”
“I didn’t even know,” John murmured despite himself. His hands were still shaking. Sherlock bit his scabbed-up lip.
"Just like you used to fuck this stupid whore, right?"
John nodded slowly, too tired to argue with her. When he moved his way through the living room, he and Sherlock said nothing to each other as John left.
“John,” Sherlock said quietly. John turned to find him holding a black pistol in the air.
“If you want me that bad, Watson, I know for a fact that the bathroom here locks from the inside.”
"Ms. Hooper, let me see," Mycroft asked, voice icy. Molly, a shiver of fear running down her spine, obediently relinquished the paper. Sherlock bit back a growl as Mycroft read the paper out loud.
"It's not the end of the world," she told him. "We'll get you started on a cocktail of meds, yeah? Look at your t-cell levels. This isn't a death sentence, Sherlock."
“Well shit,” Sherlock sighed dramatically. “Is that a good enough reason for you to bang me?”
“Shut up,” Sherlock muttered, trying to hide his smile. “It helps calm me down when I’m stressed.”
“Is the Freak’s ex, yeah.” She nodded, the both of them looking up as Sherlock re-entered the shop, looking a lot less angry. Tony stopped him on his way in.
“Fuck
Sherlock knocked three times and lit a cigarette, hands shaking. Whether it was from anxiety or withdrawal, he didn't know. Either way, right after this, he was going to go score.
"Still wish I could've put that bastard in the ground before Mycroft did."
“I know,” John took his place back on the fold out chair, watching Sherlock work.
“You’re a right prick, you are.” John mumbled into his shoulder.
"I know," Sherlock replied, sniffling and wiping his eyes. He had to pull himself together. "I know."
My dearest John - Gone to work. You can meet me for lunch around two pm if you’d like. If not, I’ll be home around eight. Miss you always, SH.
“Sexually molested Sherlock when he was little,” Lestrade said matter-of-factly. “Mycroft didn’t do anything about it until Sherlock was older, because he didn’t know, but Sherlock’s convinced it was because Mycroft didn’t want to tarnish the family reputation.”
“Jesus,” John muttered, backing out of the room slowly. He closed the door behind him and continued his way down the hall, finding nothing else of interest besides a library-like room full of books and a box labeled ‘pre-transition’. Against his better judgement, John opened it, only to find several thick photo albums. They were all filled with pictures of a little girl at various ages in various dresses. One was of a young Sherlock, probably aged fourteen, with long hair and a toothy smile, next to a tall man in a three piece pinstripe suit with an umbrella, looking grave. Feeling goosebumps rise on his skin, John put the photo album back where he had found it and exited the room.
"Turn over," John murmured to him. "On your stomach."
John paused, eyebrows knitting together. "Just like that?"
"Sherlock, Mary's pregnant."
“Mm, I think you should earn it.” John murmured, pulling his hand away and relishing in the way Sherlock whined. “After what you did in the diner today.”
"I'm not going to drink any, John. I have no desire to."
The room was made of concrete, a large wooden chest pushed against the middle of one wall. In the corner was a bare mattress with a naked Sherlock on it; he was so thin you could see each rib, his body covered in bruises and gashes, the mattress stained red with blood from forceful intercourse. He was shackled to the wall by a chain, his left eye so swollen John doubted he could see out of it. When John approached and touched him on the shoulder Sherlock yanked away, lashing out, his hand narrowly missing John's face. He writhed around in panic, trying his best to put as much distance between himself and John as possible, eyes wide as he stared at John without registering who he was.
“John,” Sherlock whimpered, and the desperation in his voice made John shiver as their rhythms matched. “John, I’m - “
"I relieved your burden of having to babysit me," Sherlock mumbled into the phone, ordering another shot from the bartender. "Now stop calling me, John."
"Or what?" John hissed, standing his ground with his arms crossed.
“I can do it, John.”
“Come on,” John took his hand and led him gently out of the Yard. “We’re gonna take you home, Sherlock.”
“He beat me,” Sherlock said quietly, staring up at the ceiling and purposely avoiding John’s gaze. “Because I had hickies.” John noticed then, for the first time, Sherlock’s bleeding lip and nose - his piercings had been forcibly ripped out.
They grabbed a table. Sherlock sighed. "There's nothing to talk about, Molly. You're insinuating things without knowing if they're true."
"You know where to find me for my services," Sherlock drawled, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. He stalled in tying his boots, waiting for Stewart to leave first before he finished getting dressed himself and headed out of the flat.
“First thing’s first,” Lestrade reemerged from the bathroom, putting his phone into his pocket. “I just called the drug squad to come confiscate all of this. That’s the first step.”
"Better's getting married,"Sherlock muttered bitterly, his food going untouched as he swirled his beer around in its bottle.
Sherlock shook his head back and forth like a shaggy dog, trying to shut his brain up. He wasn’t falling for the flower shop kid. Some flirting and a cup of coffee meant nothing, not in the grand scheme of things.
“Oh,” John nodded. “That’s...cool. I mean - it’s good that you’re sober.”
"Sorry," John murmured.
John stared at him for a few moments before shaking his head, turning and leaving the flat. He passed a man on his way down, the man going up; he had sunken eyes with bags under them, buzz-cut brunette hair whittled into a widow's peak on his forehead, straight, white teeth that flashed John a smile as they passed each other.
“You don’t know that for sure,” Lestrade murmured. “Maybe your father wants to make amends.”
“About you relapsing.”
“Thanks,” John murmured, his eyes roving over Sherlock. “For...you know.”
“You’ve been out with Father.” Mycroft stated. Sherlock’s gaze flickered up to him and then down again. He looked away. John stared.
"I've always loved this time of year."
“I didn’t want the baby,” Sherlock turned onto his back, his breathing labored by his drunkenness, his voice quiet as he faded slowly into sleep. “But with you, I could.”
Lestrade nodded. “Alright, see you guys tomorrow.” He and Mycroft left. Sherlock immediately crossed the two rooms to the window, watching them get into the same car.
“Mycroft’s useless,” Sherlock spat, his face contorting into immediate rage. “He’s nothing but a selfish liar.”
"Bold of you to come bursting in like you own the place, Johnny boy."
“It’s not like the money was going to anything else.” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock's next client arrived. In three hours, Sherlock was done for the day. He stood, stretching, John standing up with him.
Sherlock dropped his eyes down to his plate, his food mostly untouched. Just two more days, two more days of Sherrinford crawling into bed with him, two more days of enduring the pain and humiliation and then he would get to go home, back to his flat, back to his own world and work on getting his life together. Two more days.
“I was designated as your caretaker when they discharged you from hospital,” John explained, searching on the ground for his trousers. “If you’re leaving the flat, I’m coming with to keep an eye on you. And to make sure you’re actually going to work and not fucking off all day drinking, like you were yesterday.”
"You look," he told her, leaning against the wall next to the counter. She tossed him an indecipherable look and picked up the paper, turning it over decisively. She glanced it over and then looked up at him again, nodding her head a bit. Sherlock looked down at his boots.
“Sherlock,” the man - Victor - nodded. “Hope this doesn’t make you uncomfortable.”
“Lube?” John mumbled into Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock nodded, reaching behind him into his bedside drawer and pulling out a bottle. He squirted a liberal amount into his hand and prepped them both before lowering himself onto John, eyelids fluttering.
“These.”
“Yes, Sherlock. Your stab wound was bleeding so profusely you lost consciousness.” Mycroft crossed his hands in front of him, observing Sherlock quietly. Sherlock rolled over, squeezing his eyes shut in silent pain as he did so, one hand cradling his abdomen. John realised he was staring and forced himself to look away.
He really needed to stop talking. He focused on finishing his cigarette.
“Okay, then when was the last time you ate?”
“If you say so,” John chuckled, pouring a splash of cream into his coffee. Sherlock was watching him, a gentle smile playing on his lips.
"You have no proof he did anything," Sherlock reminded him. "You can't have him arrested or killed or anything of that nature, right? Just let me and my boyfriend be happy."
Sherlock grabbed an empty box and wandered over to the desk as John finished up the box he was working on. He heard Sherlock open a drawer, and then there was a very tense pause.
“Oh, so you...stayed the night.”
"I've gotta go,"  he muttered, watching her for a moment in return. "Do you have John's new address by chance?"
Sherlock shook his head, putting his feet in the stirrups and leaning his head back. The doctor lifted the gown and did a quick exam.
"Back so soon?" Sebastian purred from where he sat at a desk in the corner, smirking at Sherlock. Sherlock shivered despite himself, unable to ignore the slickness in Sebastian's voice.
“I’ve excelled at my goal then.” He stood between Sherlock’s legs, his smirk fading as his fingers ran from smooth marble skin to brushing against rough, fresh cuts lining Sherlock’s hips.
“Lestrade told you, didn’t he?” Sherlock muttered, grinding his teeth as he watched the heroin melt.
“Because you’ve been exhibiting symptoms of depression ever since you got out of the hospital.”
That didn't stop Sherrinford from surveying him like prey,  a smirk on his lips as he peered at Sherlock over the top of his wine glass.
John settled onto the countertop, flipping open his book and preparing for a long day in which he could finish it, but was interrupted by the bell above the shop door. Sherlock sauntered towards him, carrying two coffees, stopping short when he caught sight of John’s cup on the counter.
"That's gonna cost you," James replied, cigarette hanging out of his mouth. "250 for a go at him, double that if you want to buy him for good."
He didn't come home for three days.
"I've already gotten tested, Sherlock."
“Of course not,” Sherlock muttered, gesturing to the chair. “Take a seat while I get everything ready.”
"Not now," Sherlock pulled away, staring at the computer screen. "I just started."
"If my hand wasn't broken, I'd punch your teeth in right now."
Sherlock growled. "Nothing I do is about John Watson. Ever."
“No thanks,” John said flatly, watching Sherlock crack open the bottle and chug half of it as they stood there. Sherlock shrugged and sauntered to his chair, where he curled up like a graceful cat and nursed his beer.
“So you decided to just pay off all of my tuition?!”
“Pay at the counter,” he practically spat, not looking at Victor as he snapped off his gloves. “Marla can take care of it.”
They were interrupted by a stirring on the couch before Lestrade could reply. Sherlock sat up and rubbed his eyes sleepily, scowling at the two men standing in front of him. John was still fast asleep.
“I considered the chances of that minimal based on what I knew of the extent of the injury at the time.”
“We both know it was that bastard that caused it,” John snapped. Mycroft was prepared to retort when they were interrupted by an orderly.
“And how in the hell do you know that?” John arched an eyebrow of surprise.
“I can’t,” John shook his head adamantly. “I’d faint, on the spot. As soon as the needle touched me I’d be out.”
Sherlock slammed his hand on the counter, the force of his motion making him see spots for a moment. "I'm not ashamed. Sex work is valid work, John, no matter your opinion on it."
“Have you ever thought about coming forward?” John said softly, watching him. “I’m sure Mycroft could make him disappear.”
“I didn’t know how,” Sherlock muttered, staring at the ceiling. “I didn’t know how you would react.”
"John?"
“Fox?” John inquired as they began their way down the street. Sherlock lit a cigarette.
“The only man I like is you, John.”
"It's nothing," he muttered, looking away. Molly stared at him for a moment before nodding.
“John!” He heard Sherlock’s chirpy voice before he saw him. He approached the cell bars slowly, taking in the sight before him.
“Yes.”
“So you haven’t got a…” John trailed off, leaning back in his seat as he examined Sherlock more closely.
"Help and rehab aren't the same thing."
“You’re not the only one who can make deductions, Mycroft.” Sherlock smirked.
"Lestrade and your brother are both here, wondering where the hell you are!" John hissed from his end of the line. Sherlock put a hand to his face, feeling the fresh bruise on his cheekbone. He would have to stop on the way home and get more concealer.
"Yeah," Sherlock nodded, watching them both walk towards the door of the flat. “I’ll see you guys later.”
"Sherlock," Mycroft let out an annoyed sigh. "You have to get over this thing between you and Sherrinford. Get clean, come to Christmas, have a good time."
“Drove our car into the tree when I was an infant,” Sherlock explained, his voice flat and emotionless. “She died, I didn’t.”
“It doesn’t appear so, but the surgery did cause the fetus to go into mild distress,” the nurse explained. “There is a very, very slim chance of losing the baby, but it is possible. We just wanted to know if this was planned and wanted.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snapped, switching on the machine. “And stay still.” He bent his head down, putting needle to skin without any hesitation. Victor did as he was told, smirking the entire hour it took for Sherlock to tattoo him. John sat and watched in fascination, letting out a soft ‘wow’ when Sherlock sprayed the fresh ink with green soap and then wiped it with a soft paper towel.
“Where are you going?”
"You're getting married so I had to take it while I could," Sherlock slurred, wiping his mouth with his sleeve as he stood to leave. "Now get the hell out of my flat."
Sherlock moaned, eyelids fluttering as his cock twitched with need.
Sherlock nodded. “So if you didn’t have loans and tuition to pay, would you still work there?”
“It was going to happen eventually,” Lestrade murmured to the man standing next to him.
"Where did you get wine from?"
“Alright,” John rolled his eyes when Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. “Would you like some tea?”
“Got kicked out of uni,” Sherlock replied automatically. “Relapsed and lost control and got expelled. Tony was a TA and offered me a job as his apprentice at his shop. How did you end up at the flower shop?”
Sherlock quickened his pace, smirking to himself when John came only a few minutes later, a warm, silky mess. John relaxed back against the headboard, breathing hard.
"I need five grams," he choked out, holding out the money shakily. Sebastian only smirked wider.
"Marry me, Sherlock Holmes."
“Yeah,” They came to a halt in front of the diner - Speedy’s. “Anyway, I got the tattoo and then - one night I showed up at the parlor really drunk and shirtless, and they all saw the tattoo, and someone called Lestrade, and - yeah, it’s a nickname now.”
They entered the tattoo parlour an hour after they were supposed to.
“Yes, he exists.” Sherlock replied, playing with the pasta on his plate with his fork.
“Mycroft never rides in a car with anyone if he can help it.” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
“Oh,” he muttered, his cheeks going rosy. “I see you...already have coffee.”
“Alright,” John nodded slowly. “Guess we agree then.”
A little while later Molly's phone pinged. She glanced at it.
"Done for the day, love?" Sherlock asked, not looking up from where he was tattooing a young man's side. John gave him a quick kiss on the temple before taking a seat in the metal chair at the desk. Instead of opening his book to read some more, he sat back and watched Sherlock. Man, did he love him.
Sherlock shimmied away, almost flinching at the touch. John paused.
“We were going to be, but I don’t like dating liars.” John said quietly, hunching over his laptop and taking a long sip from his coffee.
"I love you," he heard Sherlock murmur through his haze of sleepiness.
Silence enveloped them; Sherlock stared at the ground, puffing quietly on his cigarette.
“Alright,” Mycroft nodded. “Just be careful, Sherlock. Don’t move too fast.”
“Don’t make people into heroes, John.” Sherlock said quietly, focusing intently on the stencil in front of him. It was as if he had read John’s mind. “Just because I have a ‘tragic’ upbringing does not mean I am saintly as a result.”
“Hush, you.” John muttered, cheeks going rosy as he brought two mugs of tea into the living room. “Before I do put that mouth to better use.”
"Did he - "
“Transgender,” Sherlock clarified, clearing his throat. Have to keep the cool demeanor. “Tarnished the family name and all, got addicted to drugs because of it, and my brother wasn’t going to keep me around when I was a disgrace.”
"Sure, sure," John nodded slowly, watching him. "I'm always here to listen if there's anything you want to talk about, Sherlock."
“I was visiting Mycroft.” Sherlock muttered, and John noticed his hand was shaking. He began his way towards the bathroom. “I need a minute.”
"Cocaine, heroin, ecstasy and - " he faltered for a moment, then steadied himself. "Chlamydia and a preliminary positive for HIV. Well."
When Lestrade only stared at him, Mycroft nodded and swept down the hall. After a moment, Lestrade followed him. Anthea had disappeared again. John remained where he was, staring into the room, watching Sherlock lay stationery and silent, not moving, but not sleeping either.
“Really?” John replied, turning to look at him. “Because Mycroft is here.”
"Bullshit."
"You want me to just piss in front of everyone, then?"
“But he’s not the one that got you pregnant this time.”
“That’s not necessary, John.” Sherlock murmured.
"So nice to finally meet you! Johnny's told me so much about you. Are your parents coming?"
“Yes.” He strode to the door, slipping on his boots and pulling on his leather jacket. “I just need to be alone for a little while, John. Don’t wait up.” And with that, he disappeared down the stairs.
“Hey,” he said casually, sliding into the booth seat opposite John. “Didn’t expect to see you here.”
“So you’re not straight? That’s all I needed to know.”
John looked dumbfounded. Sherlock couldn't even look at him.
“Hi,” he smiled embarrassedly at John. “Sorry about them. They’re all a bunch of children.”
He stopped, finger frozen on the touchpad as he opened the email from his school’s financial office.
"Trusted," John corrected. "Until I left him."
“I can’t stand yet,” Sherlock murmured, blushing hard, and John smirked.
“Well can I at least know your name?”
He heard footsteps on the stairs leading up to the flat a few hours later, turning to look as Sherlock strode in. The tall brunette peeled off his jacket and threw his keys onto the table as he entered, sighing, jumping a little when he saw John in his chair.
“Sober from what?”
“After what you pulled at lunch today - “
"Look, um, I don't know - how much experience you have, and uh, what your parents were like or if Mycroft raised you and what Mycroft maybe told you growing up, but - "
“Sure, sure,” Sherlock muttered distractedly, his eyes darting all over the room with paranoia.
A beat of silence passed. “Yes, please.” Sherlock sounded completely exhausted.
"Some bloke named Liam. Got her pregnant, even. Baby's not mine."
“I promise, Sherlock.”
"You can't tell John or Mycroft, okay? Nobody else can know about this, Molly."
“John!” Sherlock hissed, but it was too late. Lestrade was already on his way to the bathroom.
“I dunno, Sherlock,” John murmured, flipping the page.
“A tattoo,” Sherlock repeated slowly. “You should get one.”
“What?” John stirred his coffee, arching an eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded without saying a word and sauntered back out of the shop, staring contemplatively into his own coffee cup as he did so. Smiling to himself, John took a sip of the coffee Sherlock had given him, then chuckled. Vanilla flavored.
