Sherlock awoke at last from his morphine-induced haze while John was out of the room, very reluctantly and hurriedly completing his evening rounds. Molly and Lestrade sat together beside his bed, and it was Molly who held his hand, and offered him water, and leaned in to kiss his brow and tell him how much they had missed him, how happy there were to have him back.
Molly shook her head. “I haven’t asked him,” she said. “I – well, I didn’t want to go there, yet. I thought it might be another impossible dream now.”
,” Sherlock corrected him. “But I latched on to it quickly enough, despite it coming from Mycroft first.” He said his brother’s name with the kind of disdain a child of ten might use for his tag-along younger sibling. “At least he had the presence of mind to realise that I was the right man for the job.”
John pondered that sentence. Things that seemed too good to be true generally were. Second blows to the head seldom did anything more than exacerbate an existing problem. He didn’t believe the problem was gone, however. He couldn’t allow himself a hope based on wishes and prayers.
England was no longer a beautiful, or fanciful, or peaceful place. Not when the world was at war, and people were hungry, and churchyards were spilling over with the dead.
He should ask Lestrade for the keys to the garden – the secret garden, the garden with the magical maze. The plot transformed by Lestrade. The spot of heaven on earth where the mute man whistled as he worked. He knew – intrinsically knew – that Sherlock would be as mesmerized by this particular garden as he was with the honeybees, and felt that perhaps – just perhaps – he could be sucked into the magic along with Lestrade, and that both of them could heal. That Sherlock would find a way to restore order from chaos there, much as Lestrade had in the garden. That Lestrade could find his voice.
- this project. I’ve lost the thread, and every time I try to grasp it, to follow it back to its source, I get distracted by something that I should completely ignore, something that I never paid the least attention to previously.”
When John was performing surgery, his mind was filled with textbook drawings and maps and diagrams. He was focused – hands steady, eyes fixed, blocking out the distant sounds of war, the dust and sand they could never quite keep out. He worked until the job was done – all of the jobs, all of the men, all of the injuries. He could hardly recall the early days of surgeries performed in a hospital theater, but the performance was the same, no matter the venue.
She seemed pleasant enough, John thought. Brown hair flecked with grey and done up in a loose bun. Dark grey dress with the barest hint of white trim at the wrists and collar. Sturdy shoes. Apron tied about the waist, drooping slightly on one side. She looked as if she’d made it to the tail end of a very long day and was gathering up strength to deal with the newcomer, all the while maintaining a positive attitude.
Holmes didn’t say anything for a long time, preferring, apparently, to study John with the same bland look on his face John so often wore himself these days. Pretending that John was of so little real interest to him that he might disappear from this spot in an eye’s blink and Mycroft Holmes would hardly notice.
John had already seen, and certainly could have predicted it. Al had his own cutters now, scissor-like snippers for trimming newer growth. He was holding them awkwardly in his hand, and as they watched, Lestrade repositioned them, then set him to work on the tangled lion’s mane that Sherlock had sculpted not so very long ago.
Sherlock had liked the sentiment, had told Emilio that he might just borrow it for himself for a while. He hadn’t needed it for long – hadn’t, in fact enjoyed many tomorrows after John’s passing. He’d faded away within a year, and Rosie and William had scattered his ashes under the tree, then they’d spread out Sherlock’s magnificent coat on the ground and had a picnic in the sunshine.
He didn’t know what woke him in the waning hours of early morning, but when he shifted he found Sherlock on the couch as well, spooned in behind him, one arm draped over John’s belly. The warmth felt wonderful, the casual embrace the culmination of his dreams of normalcy, but when he gathered his wits about him, he untangled himself, then stood, stooping to press a kiss to Sherlock’s temple before going in to check on Mycroft.
He tried not to let his mind wander too far as he sat in this garden with Sherlock. He insisted they both walk several circuits around it when they arrived before setting Sherlock loose with the bees. John had found a piece of crumbled walkway where the paving stones had shifted up, compressed and crumbled, and he sat there on the ground, piecing the puzzle back together with his left hand. It was tedious and painful, making his fingers close around bits of stone, wedging them back in place awkwardly after clearing the rubble and smoothing the surface. He used the trowel, the same one that had seemed to evoke a forgotten memory in Sherlock, but when he asked Sherlock about it, Sherlock just shook his head and looked away.
“No belt loops – and I don’t have suspenders, John. I can’t go dashing about the Manor at night with my trousers about my ankles.”
“I chose you, John Watson,” Sherlock reminded him. An odd look - fond, perhaps - stole across his face then disappeared. “I would not do so without careful consideration of your character, as your character largely determines your future behavior.”
John had only ever seen one man working out here – the man who sat so quietly at meals - a man of his own age named Greg Lestrade.
“You’re in seventh heaven, Sherlock,” he says, giving him a steadying hand as Sherlock stands again.
Sometimes, John hated how routine life felt. And while he couldn’t say that he missed the living conditions in the war zone in northern Africa, or the standard military rations, he did miss the unpredictability of his days.
She had stopped in front of a closed door – the third one in a long corridor full of dark paneling, somber portraits and solid oak doors.  She turned to face him and he stood at attention as she studied him more carefully than she had before.
Severus narrowed his gaze but Sherlock only stared at the women – or at something on her shoulder – glanced to the side where the young people were all chatting, then shrugged.
Sherlock Holmes needed time to heal. He needed exercise, and sleep to follow. Deep, undisturbed sleep. He needed fresh air, and something to divert his mind from the exertion he subjected it to in trying to recover the mental organisation and stability he’d lost. He needed distance from the books and papers and formulas and research, reminders of what he was before, what he wanted to be again.
Sherlock looked at the slightly blurry photo and frowned. “Right. Do you suppose I can borrow a stick for my wiz-stick pocket?”
“Sherlock – stop.” John held up his hands, feeling oddly guilty. Sherlock looked so – well, so alive. He did desperately want out of Rosethorne, though John doubted that a stroll in the gardens was at all what he had in mind. “You’re getting miles ahead of yourself, and you know it. We’re just going outside today. For exercise.”
“Alright. Alright.” John reached forward to measure the man’s pulse again, but dropped his hand before he touched him. “I’m going to take your pulse now, and I need to check your head and see if you have any other injuries.”
Sherlock groaned as John squeezed once more. “I had no physical activities to distract me,” he said. “I’m afraid my thoughts of you were not quite so pure.”
“Could you wait and have William and Rosie scatter us together, then? You can speak Spanish but I can’t.”
The tunnel, too, remained their secret. The guests talked of a manor ghost, a benevolent spirit who crept along the corridors at night, creaking floorboards, opening locked doors and magically reviving wilted flowers in the vases on the breakfast tables. No one suspected that it was Sherlock who sometimes haunted the halls after dark, or John who followed behind him with an armload of fresh flowers which grew in such abundance now in their garden. Sherlock’s bees, now housed in a row of hives against the wall beyond the maze, helped the flowers along, buzzing heavily  from bloom to bloom in speckled garden sunlight.
“Take good care of him, Dr. Watson,” she said, fingertips resting casually on Sherlock’s shoulder. “He speaks very highly of you.”
“Do you need something for the pain?” he asked, still keeping his voice low and affecting a professional attitude. “Morphine? I’ll get you settled then get ice for your arm.”
a mother - and I must say she is less maternal than you are acting now. I don’t need another mother - I need - ”
“I think I can manage – I’ve lots of experience with difficult patients. And with seizures,” John said, adding, just under his breath, “Quite a coincidence.”
John didn’t expect anything more than that nod, of course. Mrs. Hudson had pulled him aside after dinner that first night to explain.
he thought, sitting there in the dust with Sherlock pressed against his side. Seize the day. There were no guarantees in life, he’d learned. No guarantee even that England would win this war, that there would be an after to consider. And certainly no guarantees that a proper life would bring him even a modicum of happiness.
A new patient appeared to replace the general, this time an RAF pilot of some note. He’d been severely injured several months before, and suffered burns on his legs that had forced the amputation of half of his toes. His care was more intensive than had been the general’s, but it didn’t seem like Miss Adler would be replaced, so with three patients instead of four, John’s work load was still no more than it had been and he had time for his piano therapy, and to continue his exploration of the grounds.
John smiled as he maneuvered the wheelchair out the door, correcting its direction with his hip as it veered toward the wall with Sherlock's weight and his weak left side. He had a good feeling about the outing.
When Molly had poured and they’d each helped themselves to sandwiches, Sherlock leaned in toward her, elbows on his knees, chin resting on clasped hands.
“I know nothing of his talent, only that when he accepted the job here, he told me he plays the guitar, and asked if he could practice. I suggested that he use the music room, as the noise wouldn’t bother anyone there. He was also advised when you began to use the piano, and instructed to limit his use of the room to the evening hours.”
Sherlock held up the drawing of Mycroft Holmes walking the plank and John couldn’t help but smile. He’d worked hard on that one - though admittedly, his Mycroft lacked the supercilious air of the man himself.
“Why? I can’t exactly call them wizards and announce I’m off to Bogworth to watch a game of Queerpitch.”
John, who’d been scanning the webpage, closed his laptop again and stood up. Standing up was not easy for John, and Sherlock usually gave him a hand if he was nearby. When John stood up, John had somewhere to go, or some point to prove.
John noted the use of the work escape. A slip of the tongue, but a telling one. “Then he did it while I was asleep – before they brought me to him. Or after I fell asleep in his room.”
And so ends the story and the series. "Top Tens" is the last chapter of the story, and the last chapter of John and Sherlock's days.  If you read "The Alphabet Vignettes," you may remember "K is for Kiss" where John saves William's small friend by realizing he is ill and ultimately donating bone marrow to save him. The end of that chapter introduced, in a gentle way, the inevitable end of days for John and Sherlock. You'll find humor here, and sadness, but ultimately, I hope, enduring love.
John tried to wait patiently while Severus was sorting out Scorpius. The door wasn’t fully closed, and try as he did to distract himself, he still heard the two speaking loud and clear.
Why wouldn’t there be a secret tunnel in a world of secret gardens and undercover operations, of mute men talking and dead men walking?
romantic encounter.” Sherlock tipped his own head back, staring at the chandelier along with John, and John acknowledged the correction with a squeeze of his hand.
“They don’t like you calling him Hamlet either but I didn’t chastise you earlier today for saying it.”
John flung open the bathroom door, toothbrush in his mouth and toothpaste foam on his lips. Sherlock was holding their granddaughter on his shoulder and their grandson by the hand. He had a streak of chocolate across his cheek and a pool of drool on his shoulder where the baby’s cheek rested.
John forced his tired brain to think. “How about this? Kidnapping is more dramatic than a person running off on her own accord. It would certainly get everyone stirred up around here – and it would involve the authorities, deflect attention for a while from the real situation.”
He glanced back at Mycroft Holmes as he followed Mrs. Hudson from the room. The man remained at the window, staring out into the dark, his profile sharp in the lamplight. He didn’t look altogether healthy, and John wondered what weight he was carrying, and what part he was playing in this endless war.
As they walked back inside, having decided to return by the most direct route – the underground tunnel – John couldn’t help but feel a tinge of regret. He’d looked forward to the project more than the outcome, as a means of redirecting Sherlock’s frustration with accessing his mind palace, and perhaps allowing his mind to heal by taking the focus off of it for at least part of each day. But now a fully formed pirate ship tree house had all but fallen into their laps, one that was likely to be even more interesting when examined up close.
“Oh, Doctor. Surely you’ve been in the army long enough to know that men have needs, and they find ways to satisfy those needs in times of war as well as in times of peace. And certain men have
“Al’s Seeker on his team,” Rosie informed them as she plopped down beside Sherlock. “And careful with that lemonade – it’s laced with firewhiskey.”
A week later, when John was hobbling about the flat but wasn’t quite ready for the stairs. Sherlock, not accustomed to having John home 24/7, apparently needed a bit of space.
The first was a personal letter, addressed to Dr. John Watson. He glanced at the signature. Mycroft Holmes. He quickly tucked it behind the other papers, noticing how closely Billy and Mrs. Hudson were watching him.
“My grandmother taught me to play,” John murmured, thinking aloud as the years melted away, leaving him snuggled up beside his grandmother on the polished piano bench. “She was so proud of her piano – it was the most precious thing she owned. I was always fascinated by it – I remember sitting on her lap when I was only three or four, plunking down my fingers where she pointed.”
“You said you were making progress – you mentioned – restructuring?” Major Sholto had shuffled the papers before him, clearly checking notes he had made over the course of the meeting.
“He isn’t as clever as you might think,” Sherlock replied. “And I believe he has a certain fondness for Miss Adler – he’ll quite likely feel threatened by your own romantic feelings and….”
Soon, Sherlock was flying in circles around the rest of them, most likely totally unaware that he was guiding a giant flamingo above him. Rosie’s laughter in the radio feed cheered John enormously. The occupants of the second plane were mingling with them now, and there was excited buzz across the radio.
John, who’d gone into the kitchen to make the tea, regarded the tray with a critical eye. Talk about unsanitary.
John grinned. If the treehouse he’d found earlier had in fact been the treehouse Sherlock was describing, he was pretty sure neither boy had had his way in the end.
“Figured you’d make it home eventually,” he said, lifting his glass in Sherlock’s direction. “Join me?”
Sherlock gave the child in question a little jiggle as the dummy in his mouth stopped moving and his face began to crinkle up.
“Corvus corvus,” Sherlock said. “I’ve heard crows in the garden but haven’t seen one in here before.”
“He means the Weasleys,” John said, frowning at Sherlock, then giving Potter the same disapproving look. “Could someone please tell me what’s going on?” he demanded as the child plopped himself on the floor, covered his ears with his small hands, and began chanting “I can’t hear you I can’t hear you I can’t hear you.”
There was something in his voice - above the sarcasm, or beyond it - that gave John pause. He was being a dick and he knew it, coming down here sporting a new attitude and not giving Sherlock any sort of explanation. He could be a friend without being - something else. Without being whatever it was that chess game, the questions game, had suggested. Drawing the line was the difficult part - and from what he had learned about Sherlock, he didn’t think Sherlock Holmes would honour any boundaries someone else was trying to impose on him.
“Someone came up with the name one day and it stuck,” Mycroft said, closing the matter. “The point is that Sherlock is convinced that the key to putting it all back together and delivering a nearly fool-proof encoding system is to restore his former mental system -  the one he has so grandiosely named the Mind Palace.”
“Surgery,” answered Holmes in a clipped, disinterested voice. “Numbed it and cut it out. I should have insisted that you do it – you’d have done a better job right-handed.” He grimaced as John pulled off the gauze covering a row of uneven sutures. “How
And John picks up his crossword and rests his feet on the new ottoman without complaint. He fills in a few words, then looks across at Sherlock, catching him looking back at him.
“We’re happy to be here too,” John said, taking in the sudden appearance in the yard beside the house of a small crowd of people, all of them watching them intently as they approached.
He reached into his pocket and laid a key onto the table. It was a more modern key than the one John had found in the ruined tree house.
“You’re not making much sense,” John said, but he smiled, the alcohol making him more indulgent than normal, as he spoke. “And I don’t think there’s much to me beyond what you see on paper.”
John had lifted his left hand, prepared to knock out the first few notes of the child’s song he’d been practicing, but at the unexpected mention of his wife, he fumbled, striking several keys.
“Presumptuous of him,” John murmured as he clumsily broke the seal – had Holmes not trusted Billy with the information within? – and fumbled to extract three sheets of paper, typewritten and crisp.
“Merlin didn’t have a mother, actually,” said the child, rather primly. “Don’t you have his Chocolate Frog card?” He gave an exaggerated sigh and picked a spot of lint off of his tidy little blue jumper, then took a moment to study the sitting room. “Why do you have a skull on the mantel? That’s rather macabre, isn’t it? And who’s been cursing the wall?”
John swallowed away the memories and cleared his throat. “We have code-breakers, and spies, and war rooms with simulations. The generals move the pieces around like a chess game. But you’re saying – you’re thinking – that you can -”
John shook his head. “He’s a country vet – he works with cattle, horses, sheep and pigs. You need quite a bit of strength and dexterity just to handle the patients. And I doubt he’d get through school – that he could pass the requirements.”
A few minutes later, James left the cottage and walked rather aggressively toward the wedding tent. Ginny trailed behind him less than a minute later. She had a scratch across her cheek and James’ hair was mussed.
“You won’t be dashing about the manor in those trousers. They'll stay up well enough for what you'll be doing. Here - put on the shirt and jacket.”
“On my bed,” Sherlock corrected, rather calmly, and apparently not at all taken aback by John’s outburst. “
And Sherlock was right, of course. Bastard. John crossed his own legs, hoping he exuded the relaxation he didn’t feel. At the very least, he was happy to be dressed in trousers instead of pajamas and dressing gown. His summons had come unexpectedly early this time around and he’d been at his desk completing a report for his superior officer when Mrs. Hudson sought him out.
Sholto acknowledged his statement with a nod. “While we have every confidence that Sherlock’s status and identify remain secure, you will nonetheless treat every package you receive as if it is a typical delivery for the infirmary. Deliver it to Sherlock the day you receive it, directly to his hands, but try not to alter your behavior in any way.”
“Dull. It didn’t happen.” Sherlock uncrossed his legs and leaned forward, peering at John with his head slightly cocked to the side. “Tell me about the piano, John.”
read-headed, Sherlock. What if it’s the crazy one with one-ear? The prankster? He might put us down on top of a tanker.”
“Nothing except no bee stings and more time to spend with me,” John said idly. His eyes were still on the puzzle and he wasn’t looking at Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson had seemed ready, at last, to leave. But now she turned to him and half-whispered. “The staff assumes he’s old Mr. Holmes – still hanging on,” she said, hesitating.
“No!” he slammed the door shut and ran outside as quickly as possible. They were obviously looking for their wiz sticks so they could ebolagate him.
Stubborn git, John thought. He gathered Rosie up and climbed the stairs to their shared bedroom, changed her into her pajamas by the pale Christmas Eve moonlight, and tucked her in bed. A message was waiting for him when he settled back into his chair a few minutes later.
The argument leading up to their eventual departure together to the crime scene earlier that evening explains the oversight – he’d been distracted when they left and had failed to pocket his keys. But as the flat now appears dark from the street, and Sherlock deduces that John has gone to bed to cement his snit, he phones Mrs. Hudson.  It’s far better to wake her than John, considering.
Except - well, except that he’d never had a lover so attentive on his pleasure. Had never had a lover on their knees before him, serving him without being subservient, controlling him from a position of submissiveness. The illusion of power even as he was being skillfully taken apart, piece by piece. Reassembled into the shape of the man he’d always been inside, beneath the three coats of skillfully applied paint to hide his true colours.
“Limiting,” Sherlock said. He glared at Mycroft, then dropped his gaze to his hand and began to pick at a meticulous fingernail.
He didn’t have to call Sherlock or John or Molly to his room for a briefing. Sherlock was at his door within fifteen minutes of his arrival.
She winked at him as she left, and he stared at the door, wondering what the hell had just happened.
John is shaking his head with one of those fond smiles, the sort he reserves only for Sherlock. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at his muttered “idiot” and shrugs.
Sherlock ignored him. He plucked his jacket from the back of a chair and shrugged into it, but John, stubborn John who most definitely knew when to not step on an armed land mine, didn’t let it go.
But Sherlock’s words out in the garden, his quiet determination, his affirmation of this thing between them, remained imprinted in his mind.
“He can work no more than four hours a day, preferably in two sessions with a significant break between. A minimum of three hours each day spent out of doors, walking or gardening or doing some sort of physical exercise that doesn’t tax his brain. Regular meals, plenty of water, no alcohol, and a minimum of eight hours of sleep each night. He’ll benefit as well from a regular schedule – I’m willing to set one and try to enforce it.”
“Fine – top ten visits to the A&E.” He looked at Sherlock triumphantly, then gave his attention back to the puzzle.
“Of course you’re not! The bottoms are clearly poorly designed with an eye for elegant design rather than effective conductivity.”
But Mycroft, the very fit Mycroft, ignored him. He tossed a handful of Floo Powder in, stepped inside, and disappeared in a spinning plume of smoke.
“That you absolutely did not see an owl pellet in Harry Potter’s budgie cage,” John said. He closed his laptop and glanced warily back at the glaring Sherlock. “Did you?”
Molly’s mouth opened a fraction, then she bit her bottom lip but didn’t speak – looking at him expectantly.
He punctuated the statement by tapping on the drawing. John looked at it closely, adjusting its position to match his perspective better. They were facing south - the back wall. Storage room to the west and loo to the east and who knows what beyond either of those.
“I wasn’t alone. Irene was already there, and our plan was airtight. She’d have them thoroughly incapacitated and all I had to do was break into the room where they were holding Mycroft, take him out a dormer window onto the roof and escape down the ladder. I had no idea he’d injured his leg when he was captured – or what being locked up for so long had done to his mind.” He dropped his voice, and John squeezed his hand.
Molly Hooper took a seat behind the desk, picked up a fountain pen, then opened a leather notebook and made a careful notation on a blank page, all without looking at John or acknowledging him at all. She studied what she had written, the finally lifted her gaze to meet his own.
“Yes – but had my chute not redeployed correctly, I’d have been forced to fly around over the South Downs in the middle of the day on my own power. Harry would have frowned upon that.”
"You're a bit late, Mycroft," John said, surprising himself with how casually he was able to say the words.
“Two hours, Dr. Watson. Spend two hours each day with my brother – perhaps over teatime since you nearly always skip it and wander about outside poking your nose at locked gates?”
“No! No thank you, I mean,” Mycroft exclaimed, backing away with his hands raised. He touched his eye gingerly and smiled. John saw then that his lip was swollen as well. “I like it – I want to keep it. George says it looks
“They’re not happy that we trampled all over the grounds and made a mess of everything,” she said. “I told them we were looking for a patient who might have fallen ill, or had an accident, not an escaped murderer. I don’t know, John – there’s something important about Irene Adler – something we’re not likely to ever know.”
“Ha ha! Nice one, Al,” John said with a false laugh as he made a cutting motion across his throat that Sherlock couldn’t see.
He had heard music as he approached  - he was sure of it – but when he’d reached the door, there’d been nothing but silence from within. He’d stayed there in front of the door, listening, for several minutes, but didn’t hear anything again.
He took a moment to try to get his bearings, and quickly realised he was hanging upside down with his legs exposed and his new robes hanging down around his head.
“Me,” acknowledged Sherlock. “I wouldn’t have left like that. I wouldn’t have just disappeared.” He spoke forcefully, then paused, watching Lestrade until the man looked up and met his eyes. He lowered his voice. “You asked that of me – you demanded it.” He paused, and his voice broke. “I
“Oh – we added that part,” said Al, brightly. “We checked with the Department of Magical Records and Vital Statistics – as long as we have the today, tomorrow and always part we’re good.”
They were close to the manor now, and Sherlock dropped his head and scrunched his shoulders, visibly shrinking in his too-large, odd-coloured and outdated suit. John picked up the shawl they carried over the back of the chair and draped it around Sherlock’s shoulders, then resolutely began the arduous process of wrestling the chair inside.
John shifted uncomfortably. No matter what his impressions after his first introduction to Sherlock Holmes, it was quite clear that Mycroft Holmes knew quite well that Dr. John Watson had been willing in the past to step outside of the expected norm of behavior to accomplish an end.
He hadn’t expected the small cluster of reporters gathered in front of 221B, but resolutely pushed on. He meant to ignore them – let them take all the photographs they wanted of a man attempting to unlock the door to his flat – but one of them surprised him with a question that cut straight to the heart of the matter.
“I’m interested,” Holmes said at last, after passing John his tea, “in your assessment of my brother.”
Mycroft’s hands were flat on the polished wood before him. He raised one, and made as if to pound it on the table, but stopped himself with great effort, and slowly lowered it again.
Rosie said her piece, and Al said his, and they’d almost got to the part about the white ship when with a fluttering of cords and a burst of colour like paint escaping a tube that had been stepped on, the parachutes deployed.
So by Saturday evening, Rosie is back at school and they’re installed in a hotel in Chichester, which no one – not even Sherlock – can claim is centrally located on the spiraling map of properties they’ve narrowed down.  But perhaps this is the plan all along, because by Sunday evening John knows they’ll need a week of Sundays to examine all the properties if Sherlock continues to scrutinize all of them to the level he’s done the first two.
And while the house was large, and the wartime staff skeletal, there were no guarantees that they wouldn’t come across anyone.
Sherlock grinned into the kiss, then allowed John a final drink before he took both glasses in hand and set them safely beside the skull. .
“A treehouse?” Sherlock considered John, and his face took on an odd look, as if he really hadn’t expected that answer but was nonetheless not at all surprised that John had found a treehouse on the estate. He looked forward, out past the edges of the garden in which they sat. “Mycroft and I built a treehouse here that summer – well, not a real treehouse. I’d never held a hammer or saw in my life, and as I recall, he had scant more experience than I. But old Ben had torn down a rickety garden shed – watching him take it down had entertained me for an entire day – and we absconded with some of the planks, and hid them in a back garden. We drew up plans for a treehouse – I wanted to model it after a pirate ship, with a crow’s nest on top, but Mycroft wanted a castle with turrets.”
“It’s a bee button, Dad.” Rosie had bent down and picked up a silver-coloured button from the grass at her feet. “You’re shedding buttons, Sherlock!” she called up. “You should try to keep still!”
John glanced around until he spotted Sherlock, who was attached to a bright pink parachute that resembled a brolly. As he watched, the chute pulled in on itself and Sherlock fell into a second free-fall that appeared to go on a very long time.
thoughts away. He’d met Mary a year after she’d been assaulted by her then-husband, pushed over a stair railing while heavily pregnant.
As he always had done when Mary suffered an attack, he took in his immediate surroundings. It was rather late to clear the area of sharp edges, but he looked anyway. The man had fallen in a relatively clear area, on a thick area rug surrounding the bed. Still, there were a number of things with which he might have collided on the way down. The nightstand was a particularly likely suspect, especially given that the bedside lamp was lying on its side.
“No. Not at all,” said John, finding his voice. “Only that that is the most confusing, complex and unnecessarily complicated way of asking me to help cover your tracks! You are – you are –”
“Top ten cases,” Sherlock said from the sofa where he was stretched out with a book on his chest. “No particular order.”
“I’ll never do it again – I’ll stay celibate – my entire life! Hagrid naked with egg in his beard, Hagrid naked with egg in his beard, Hagrid naked….”
“In the end, we had quite enough wood for two treehouses, so Mycroft convinced me to help him with the castle, promising to help me with my pirate ship once the castle treehouse was completed. I was only seven, mind you, so I reluctantly agreed, though I recall having my suspicions about his motivation even then.”
A noise above him in the trees caught John’s attention, and he looked up to watch a squirrel on a low branch. It paused to chatter at a robin, and the chattering caught Lestrade’s attention. He snapped his fingers and held out his arm and the squirrel, obviously not a random wild thing as John had thought, ran across the branch, down the trunk and over the ground toward him. Lestrade stooped to lower his arm, and the creature jumped up and scurried up to sit at the juncture of neck and shoulder, accepting a treat from Lestrade’s pocket, then holding it in both small hands, nibbling on it and turning it as if it were an ear of corn.
He couldn’t help but wonder how much time Lestrade spent in this place - for it really was a place of wonder and beauty, far beyond the great work of art at its center. There were mismatched beds of early summer flowers already in bloom, and there were flowering bushes and statuary and paving stones and ivy. There were fruit trees - apple and pear and plum - and closer to the garden walls grew a group of oaks, and beneath them, some stone benches, shaded by the trees from the afternoon sun.
It was utterly ridiculous to waltz in tiny box steps in the earthy stillness of a secret tunnel, counting in his head as the Blue Danube played through his mind. He’d always been no more than an adequate dancer, mind so acutely attuned to the music and his feet and the position of his arms that he was dancing only in the most clinical definition of the term. The woman in his arms was more prop than partner, the entire experience more task than pleasure.
He shook himself from thoughts of Mary, and the content life they’d built together, and focused on this new problem – one that could hardly be considered coincidental. He’d been brought to a manor in Yorkshire to care for a handful of convalescents who didn’t really need a staff physician, and to be on call for a resident invalid in case of emergency.
“It’s not funny,” John said, pushing up on one elbow and gazing down at Sherlock. “You could have died – you nearly did. You should never have gone in there alone…”
“You really know nothing.” Holmes sounded incredibly disappointed. “I’d have thought Sherlock would have confided in you by now. He’s waited so long to get his hands on you.”
to expend the effort – the time – to reconstruct my mind palace exactly as it was. There are too many distractions now, too many other things I want to catalog.”  He sighed, and pressed his head back against the wall, staring at the shadowed corridor ceiling as he quietly spoke again.  “The movement of the bees. The colours in the garden as the setting sun dips beyond the horizon. The way your expression changes when I distract you when you’re upset by Mycroft – how it begins to soften as you focus back on me. I’ve – I’ve….”
He fumbled for the doorknob with his left hand, and succeeded in opening it, to find Greg Lestrade, holding a notebook and a pencil.
“I don’t understand,” Harry said, as John and Sherlock joined them in the sitting room. “I simply reversed the shrinking spell on the clothes. They were his clothes – the more casual ones he leaves in his office. I’ve seen him wearing them several times. There’s no reason they wouldn’t fit him.”
He was spared an answer when the door opened, and his head turned toward the sound. As Molly Hooper entered the room, he was suddenly and very acutely aware of how close he was sitting to Sherlock, how intimate their position must have looked.
“What is the Wizarding world’s most popular deodorant?” Snape asked, in the same tone of voice one might use when asking what was on the menu for lunch.
Sherlock didn’t dislike him – Rosie had brought home far worse, mostly to see how long they’d last with Sherlock. But he didn’t trust him either. He was too perfect. Too
They leave the restaurant undecided, oversleep in the morning,  and head to their first appointment of the day on a near-run.
And now, with Sherlock away – in London, most likely, in some hidden bunker, airtight and sterile – Rosethorne seemed more prison than paradise.
A long chapter for your long wait. It's framed as follows - Sherlock and Mycroft make a deal which is not described, then  we go back six weeks to where the last chapter left off and go forward from there, ending, again, with the deal.
With dental floss ties and paperclip hooks, the sweets became Christmas ornaments. He arranged the bows and baubles in the branches then perched the pink swan on top of the tree and took a step back, then another.
John really should have expected this, though he admitted he’d allowed himself to believe that a quiet breeze and the fading sunlight on Sherlock’s skin would change his attitude. He stood with determination and walked over to the forgotten garden tools, picked up a trowel and a small rake, then returned to Sherlock, whose eyes were still closed.
They reached the end of the tunnel at last, a narrow stairway that led to a small landing. John went up slowly, good leg up then bad following, behind Sherlock and by the time he reached the top Sherlock had tripped the mechanism to open the door.
“I’m not merely holding him,” Sherlock replies. His voice is very, very low. It’s butter soft and melty and directed not at John at all, but at the sleeping baby resting on his legs.
The prospect of having Rosie home for the summer distracted Sherlock for the rest of the cab ride, the wait at the airport and the trip back to 221B. It wasn’t until Rosie and Sherlock were struggling inside while John paid the cabbie and Sherlock accidentally on purpose fell heavily against the door of 221A that the problem of the technology-averse, front-door avoiding new neighbor plopped itself back down front and center in Sherlock’s focus.
He hadn’t had the heart to touch the piano since her funeral. Things that she’d loved – music, roses, walks in the summer rain – evoked her memory too strongly.
“I don’t suppose you’d like to see a giant Squid?” he asked when Mycroft took a short rest for another gulp of air.
To begin with, he can’t get a taxi. Lestrade, on his way to his car ten minutes after Sherlock left the scene, watches a cab pass without slowing and offers Sherlock a ride. Sherlock shrugs and follows him. Perhaps it is best not to rush home given John’s mood.
Al dropped an armload of bags onto the sofa and turned to face Sherlock, not at all nonplussed by this abrupt greeting.
“Excellent. Less time wasted sampling biscuits,” Holmes responded as he picked up a piece of shortbread from the tea tray and bit into it, then brushed crumbs from his fingertips. “Now, about Miss Adler.”
“Billy, it’s John. My physician. He obviously believes I will benefit from an outing, and I’ll be virtually incognito disguised as my dead grandfather. John, have Mrs. Hudson fetch one of his hats, and a pair of dark glasses. I’ll do the rest myself. And you did get a private compartment on the train, did you not? I won’t be able to go to the library myself, of course, not if I want to maintain this deception. I’ll make a list for you. Did you speak to Mrs. Hudson about using her flat in London?”
“You’re doing it again,” Sherlock murmured as his eyes focused on the odd clock on the mantel shelf. “Talking about me like I’m not even here.”
And thus ends the tale of The Case of the (very) Small Mycroft, with Mycroft restored to better than original condition, Sherlock proven surprisingly susceptible to the allure of the Veela, and no one really caring that John was more endowed than Sherlock.
“He’s got to document it,” John said to Molly as Sherlock got on with the trimming. “It’s useless if he doesn’t. Mycroft won’t let it rest. None of them will – and I hate to say it but I see their point. The faster they have this, the faster this war might be over.”
John decides to try not to let Rosie’s preferences influence him.  He’s accepted that she’s nearly grown and gone, and while she’ll visit them – often, he hopes – she’ll likely not live with them again. He measures the distance in his head between Cambridge and London, Cambridge and Sussex, Sussex and wherever it is that Rosie will eventually settle.
John smiled. “Yes – that and about a dozen other reasons.” He brushed the back of his hand on Sherlock’s cheek. “You need something else for the pain?”
They met Rosie and Al in front of a dingy little shop on Charing Cross Road. Rosie waved to them as they approached and pulled them excitedly through the door where they found themselves – to their surprise – in a bustling pub full of interesting characters. Sherlock tried to quickly deduce the bartender as they hurried across the room to a doorway on the other side but Rosie grabbed his hand and pulled him along until they were standing in front of a solid brick wall. Al quickly pulled out his wand and tapped a few bricks, and the brick wall unzipped itself – yes, that’s exactly what happened, Sherlock told himself at the time though later he couldn’t recall how they’d got in .
John Watson did not like being used. He had sins of his own to atone for, but the decision to change the course of his life had been his and his alone. Driven, perhaps, by guilt – most assuredly by guilt – but not imposed upon him by anyone or anything other than his own misguided morality.
Sherlock Holmes, London’s only consulting detective, has become accustomed to them since he’s moved here to 221B. He’s proud of his orderly, organized mind, his generally superior intellect, his grasp of scientific principles, and despite the abuse he’s imposed on his body these past years, and the mind-altering substances he no longer uses but still craves, he does not believe he’s insane, or hallucinating. These things happen sometimes in the universe, things that simply can’t be explained. They don’t happen to him, of course, but he’s read accounts of ghosts and spirits and inexplicable occurrences that happen to other people. A subset of humanity believes in alien abductions, and time travel, and parallel universes. A much larger component believes in a rich, idyllic afterlife. And while his great intellect can sort out paradoxes and puzzles, it simply cannot explain the presence of a gentleman in swimming shorts staring at him through his bedroom door, or an elderly woman’s shocked expression as she opens the bathroom door to find him standing there naked, shaving his face.
“Spy, then?” he asked, opening his eyes and focusing on Sherlock. “Will your brother have to kill me now?”
“We’ll wrap his elbow very well, John. I’ll have Mrs. Hudson find one of Sherlock’s long-sleeved shirts. Al’s more or less his size, and we can knot the sleeve past his stump. You know as well or better than anyone that treating these boys like they’re fragile china dolls won’t speed along their recoveries.”
“He doesn’t take tea.” He said it with quite a bit of conviction, despite not having any real evidence to support the statement, and knowing full well it wasn’t an argument that would buy him a reprieve.
Except for Mycroft, who would wake up in the middle of the night several months later with the memory suddenly restored, and who would file it in his own version of a Mind Palace – he called it the Command Center – for future use, when the occasion warranted.
At no time during the lengthy treatise did Molly interrupt or lose her focus. When Sherlock stopped at last, plunking himself back down in his chair and drawing his legs up so that his chin rested on his knee, he continued to gaze at her expectantly.
Mycroft, who was standing in the doorway wearing a shrunken pair of Sherlock’s honeybee pajamas, miniaturized dressing gown tied neatly around his middle, blinked at Sherlock’s genitalia, which were on full display about eight inches from his face.
“No – you know.” He looked out the door, checking the corridor for anyone who might overhear, then whispered again. “Is he a wiz-fit?”
It was of course inconceivable that a baker’s dozen of inexperienced Muggle and Magical jumpers could successfully execute a perfect free-fall formation on their third jump, with bridal party and close family locking arms around the couple in the center of the ring for a full minute while the couple hurriedly recited their wizarding vows complete with added verbiage covering white shores and ships and dusty bones. But with the help of an effective gravity-reducing spell that slowed their descent by half, and magical propulsion that pushed them into place even when Arthur did the Superman instead of the pencil formation, they soon all found themselves connected hand-to-hand around Rosie and Al, euphoric and only half-scared out of their minds.
John wondered if the surprise he felt registered on his face. Despite the feeling that she was more than she seemed, he’d assumed Molly was – well,
“The police call me in when they’re out of their element.” Sherlock shrugs. “You’ve seen a lot injuries, then? Violent deaths?”
Mrs. Hudson had heard him when he came through, and followed him up the stairs with Rosie on one arm and a strand of coloured lights on the other, and really, that should have been enough. Rosie, who’d never remember this Christmas and who would have been perfectly content to tear up handfuls of wrapping paper and open empty boxes, seemed delighted enough with the lights, whether draped on the tree or strung across the floor. And Sherlock wasn’t even here to weigh in on it at all – he’d flown off with Mycroft to Austria four days ago when their father had ended up in hospital while on holiday with Mrs. Holmes.
The words had rushed out once he started, each one propelled by the ones before it, too many, too forceful, to hold back with a finger in the dike.
As he had done – too many times to count, to remember – back in London, in those rose-tinted years before the war, before he’d left for Africa.
John put down his pen and relaxed back in his chair. He enjoyed the easy camaraderie with Molly, though sometimes, as with so many of the residents of Rosethorne, he thought there was a lot to her not showing on the surface. “I’ve no idea – I agree with the rest of the staff, though. She left because of what happened to the general. I have an idea we’ll be finding out more about that in the days to come.”
“Rosie and Al will be in different planes this time. They’ll jump at the same time and meet in the middle. The rest of you follow very quickly in order and head toward the happy couple. We’ll be monitoring with our wands from the planes while – ”
But Rosie grinned. “Oh, come on Dad. You know he’s right. He’s a newborn – they all look a bit wrinkled, don’t they?”
No news. No word. No updates. Rosethorne was a microcosm, sealed and nearly self-sufficient. Existing as it did because of the war, yet removed from it. Every day was a repeat of the day before – the patients’ needs knew no holiday, and the not-so-distant war hardly brushed their daily lives yet governed and controlled their very being.
“You’re back,” he said, noting her dyed-red hair under the nurse’s cap, drawn back tight from her face. He supposed he might not have recognized her had she not spoken, or had she not been in the same position as the first time he’d encountered her with Sherlock – namely, in his bed.
Rosie’s head swiveled to the door expectantly, but no Sherlock appeared. John soon turned up a toy Sherlock had brought home for Rosie – a stuffed bee with burlap wings and a felt body. The fact that it was a cat toy – complete with catnip stuffing and a bell on the exaggerated stinger the perfect size for jamming up a nostril  – hadn’t rattled Sherlock an iota.
Charlie laughed again, and gave John a friendly grin. “Me? Kids? No – not exactly my area.” He winked, and John smiled.
“Hey, I’m here,” John said, inching toward Sherlock and resting his right hand on his shoulder. “Rest a few minutes before you try to move again.” He let his hand drift down to Sherlock’s back, and rubbed it lightly, relieved when Sherlock sighed, dropping his shoulders as he relaxed under John’s touch.
Sherlock scoffed. “Kill you? Mycroft doesn’t get his hands dirty, John. He might have you killed – though I doubt he’ll believe my ruse for one second. Which is exactly why I chose to implicate you. It would have been so much easier to frame Molly Hooper, really. Helplessly in love with you, envious of your infatuation with Miss Adler….”
He gave Mrs. Hudson a task, which she completed promptly and without question, giving him a sidelong glance that let him know she knew exactly what he was up to. He didn’t enlist Billy’s help – Billy seemed to be totally at Sherlock’s beck and call. He would do what Sherlock told him. John doubted very much that Billy could actually influence Sherlock’s behavior or decisions, though he felt a bit differently about Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock, not surprisingly, refused to do a somersault. John suspected he didn’t want to muss his hair.
And John, still behind Sherlock, looking at the too-loose odd-coloured jacket flapping in the breeze, thought of spying on Lestrade as he worked in the locked garden, and of the sound of the man’s pleasant whistling as he wielded his garden tools.
Wiggins hesitated, but John nudged him again. The patient’s breathing was beginning to regulate. A now-relaxed hand twitched.
And suddenly, with Sherlock’s weight against him, with his intentions clear, it wasn’t just a game of chess any longer.
?” he exclaimed as he stood in the middle of the garden near the dialect fountain, turning slowly to study the sad, crumbling and overgrown space.
“Disguise,” Sherlock responded, standing and wiping at his lip, which John now saw was bleeding. “Do keep up, John. I’m supposed to be dead. I can’t be ambling about the house at night.”
He shook his head as he walked. He had to acknowledge, however, that getting Sherlock outside at least kept him from poring over the books and journals in his room or spending hours writing out his thoughts and ideas, trying to rebuild his Mind Palace bit by bit. He just needed to find something else to engage Sherlock outdoors. Something to more permanently change his focus so that he didn’t bury himself back in the books as soon as John left him. Something to tire him physically. To test the limits of his strength.
He’d walked over to a bookshelf and sorted through a pile of rolled documents, then selected two and unfurled one of them on a table, weighting one of the upper corners down with a heavy dictionary. “Mycroft turned these up in Grandfather’s study when he died. I nicked them during one of his lamentably too infrequent absences.”
“No. The gate has a new lock on it,” John mused.  The key – even if it had once opened the garden – was useless.
He needed to think – and to plan. Instead of throwing caution to the wind, they might save themselves with a well thought-out plan to quickly move their operations back to the manor basement should need arise. It would require quick movement, a lookout, and the appearance in the work room that all was as it always had been.
“He can be difficult,” Mrs. Hudson said. She bit her bottom lip and let her gaze move over to Sherlock again. “He doesn’t like – well, he
John knows what he’s up to. He’s no fool, and even though Sherlock puts on a very convincing show, John doesn’t really believe that he is tired of the dirty streets and alleys, or worried about the rising crime statistics, or getting too old for the hustle and bustle, or one half as intrigued by dodgy vicars as he pretends. It’s all for John, and the only thing that rings true is his fixation on bees and hives and his stated plans to install a half dozen and take up beekeeping.
Sherlock moved around the bush, blocking Molly’s immediate view. John stepped to follow him, and Sherlock tugged him closer by the wrist.
“Yes. I had lunch in my quarters with Molly. She cut my chicken into small pieces and made me drink my milk.” He stood and pushed his chair back. “Damn it, John! I like you far better when you’re being an overbearing doctor instead of an obedient soldier ! I already
Sherlock dropped the words with unapologetic ease. Holding Rosie in front of the mantel, letting her touch the skull’s teeth, poke her finger in an eye socket. Pointing to the photograph of John and Mary on their wedding day.
John was rolling up the unused gauze, a difficult task with only partial use of his dominant hand, and he gave it up and stuffed the roll into his kit, determining to see to it later. He had moved his bag to the chest of drawers, and kept his back to Holmes as he considered the man’s words. He assumed Holmes would expect him to ask about the toe – who had worked on it, what instructions he’d been given, how the hell it had become so infected.
He put his newspaper down and used his cane to push himself to a standing position, then took three careful steps and lowered himself to the end of the sofa as Sherlock bent his knees to give him room.
What caught his attention first was not the garden wall, and not even the archway built into it directly opposite him, with its solid wooden door, or the garden shed beyond, dilapidated and creaky. His eyes focused instead on an oak tree to his left, midway between the cottage and the wall. It was a large tree, towering over house and wall, shading much of the cottage and veranda. It had a solid trunk, sure and straight, leading up into a full canopy. But there was something off about the part of the trunk that faced him - something that gave its surface a misshapen, irregular appearance.
The man finally wrested his gaze away from Sherlock’s face, and looked at John. His mouth opened, and he struggled to form words, but was unable, or perhaps unwilling, to voice them.
“I know what the report said,” Sherlock answered. “Your wife drowned in the sea on holiday. It was ruled accidental.”
He moved to kiss Sherlock, but Sherlock’s lips were already on his, and John was kissing him back as the farce of a life he’d been building since the day his father was incarcerated crumbled to dust at their feet.
“His father’s a country veterinarian,” John said, still watching Al. “He was going to go to school – then join his practice.”
Sherlock and John are long gone now. John didn’t want a granite memorial, or weeping mourners, so Rosie and William and Sherlock brought him here. Emilio, twenty-two and just out of Uni, knelt with them in a circle around a hole in the ground and scattered his ashes beneath the roots of an apple tree. The tree bears fruit each year, and every year Emilio comes on the first Sunday in September and chooses an apple and eats it as he cleans the plaque beneath the tree. It’s his own appointed mission, because he doesn’t want to forget, and sometimes Rosie comes, and sometimes William, and always he feels the ghost of Sherlock whispering at his back.
Seventeen thousand hits today alone.  Fifteen hundred new followers. More than four thousand new comments.
“Family?” Sherlock had come in with a rag and gave the table a few cursory wipes. “Significant other?”
There are other curiosities he’s noted in his charts. There is always a gap of several seconds between his eyes acknowledging that the door has opened and a stranger is standing there and his brain sending a message to his mouth or his body to
“Mrs. Hudson serves as a matron with the patients. She isn’t formally trained, but is well-liked and quite able to see to their needs and to interpret medical orders. She will tell you she is not their nurse – don’t believe her.” There was a trace of humour in that last statement, but it was gone as quickly as it appeared.
It could have been anyone - any man - any stranger in the absolute blackness, the air dank and close around them, entombed in the earth beyond the light of day, the sight of friend or foe.
“Even I don’t have the power to instantly wipe the social media reposts of oodles of commoners,” Mycroft replied dryly. “Did you even remember the date, Sherlock?”
Something that took the frustration out of John’s voice, that made him forget that this odd and ridiculous man had played with his mind for more than an hour, had manipulated him, had led him round the mulberry bush until he was so dizzy he nearly fell down.
Sherlock stooped to step through the opening and examined the panel that had opened to reveal the tunnel. “It’s a simple latch mechanism from this side,” he said. He took several steps into the tunnel, running his fingers along the tightly packed dirt wall, then turned to face John. “Ready for a new adventure then, Dr. Watson?”
John was having a hard time reading Lestrade’s face. The man’s gaze was fixed on Sherlock, and he was breathing heavily, certainly still in shock. Dead men don’t often spring back to life, John realised, and he really didn’t know the circumstances of Sherlock and Lestrade’s past.
“In other words,” Mycroft said, “continue to be unassuming Dr. Watson, pleasant but reserved - a man who is serious about his job and does it well, but who would rather be left alone to his own musings and wanderings than engage overly much with the patients and staff. A man dealing with loss, a man healing just as slowly as the patients under your care.”
“It’s in your pocket, isn’t it?” Sherlock had turned toward him from the other side of the bench and was studying him intently. “Your hand – you instinctively tried to cover up something. What is it, John? Show me.” He held out his hand, wiggling his fingers, then, when John showed no sign of plucking the item out of his pocket, adding, “Please?”
But John didn’t want a wounded, defeated and weakened Mycroft. He knew how to bristle at the cold, business-like man, the taskmaster who came and went without notice, who made the very air stale and unbreathable when he spent days at Rosethorne. John knew how to meet his usual cold indifference with a soldier’s stance and clipped, but proper, words in return.
Sherlock’s voice was calm but firm. He stopped and held a hand out to keep John from running forward.
“Well, ordinary or not, I’m a Wizard,” John said. “I’m also a doctor – a Muggle doctor. That’s why we live in this dodgy Muggle flat.”
But John can’t say a word because Sherlock and William are staring at each other. John knows a baby of this age can’t focus out beyond a foot or so, but is quite certain Sherlock hasn’t rearranged enough in his overstuffed brain to accommodate this fact. He lets him have his moment, this moment, and sits on the ottoman before him.
Molly looked over at him, and he turned his head to meet her gaze. He might have expected a pitying look, but it was understanding he saw, and he looked away, ashamed that he’d expected something less.
A secret garden with a magical, mystical maze. A brass key inside a child’s forgotten treehouse. A tattle tale crow. A tragedy, a death. A childhood, interrupted.
“Speaking of Mycroft, he said Sherlock was being difficult. He doesn’t look difficult to me. He looks practically drugged.”
John shook his head. Despite the fact that he’d tucked the little bee out of sight and out of reach, Rosie was clearly well-acquainted with it.
John quickly filed away this new information. Holmes, apparently, was a man to be watched – and not necessarily trusted.
“Tricking a seven-year old isn’t the most laudable accomplishment of his life,” Sherlock clarified. “He also steals from the blind and trips old ladies in the street.”
Chapter 23 is a lot of John introspection - but it sets the tone for the second and final part of this story, which I allude to at the end of the chapter.
As much as he wanted to cradle Sherlock in his arms, John allowed his inner physician to take control and backed off, giving him space.
“Well, your turn, then,” John says at last with a breath of courage, pressing the green box into Sherlock’s hands and smiling awkwardly. He doesn’t know if Sherlock will understand, or realise without him explaining it all, and he waits while Sherlock opens the box and extracts an off-white scarf with blue and green trim– oatmeal coloured, really – loosely knit in a pattern Molly said was “Flight of the Bumblebees.” He didn’t spend a shilling on it – just lots of thought, and second thoughts, and thirds.
He’d been staring at his hand, but now he looked up to meet her eyes. “Well, considering I have orders to ‘avail myself of Miss Hooper’s services,’ I’m open to the possibility.”
John found himself stepping forward, one pace, then another, and another, until he was standing just beside Mycroft. He was, for some reason, extremely aware of his damaged left hand hanging at his side, fingers compressed into a fist nearly as tight as the one on his right. Something was off – something was digging at him about Mycroft’s reaction, and with the morphine making him groggy, he had a better chance now of getting an honest answer than any time in the foreseeable future.
He’d even been in this exact position with Sherlock - rolling him away from the wall, from the bedroom furniture, then backing off, staying close enough to offer help if needed, but keeping out of the way of flailing arms and legs.
Molly’s head swiveled quickly toward him, and John, realising what he’s said, worked to keep his expression neutral.
“One hundred and seventeen,” Sherlock announced loudly. He was fiddling with his buttons and didn’t seem to realise he’d spoken aloud.
.” John folded his arms and attempted to glare, but he was too captivated by Sherlock’s scrutiny of the trowel to put any force behind it.
Yet they were two young soldiers who hadn’t done anything extraordinary, whose families weren’t important, who had no reason to be at Rosethorne, at this exclusive facility for people who were treated to something special because of who they were, or who they knew.
“Do I dance?” he responded, smiling as Sherlock’s fingers laced through the fingers of his weak hand, then brought it up to waltz position. “Yes. Sometimes. With music.”
“Fortunately, no. Plain denims, long-sleeve button-down, dark green. Leather boots – couldn’t identify the leather source without closer examination. And on the rack by the door – the most magnificent cloak, John. Bespoke, I’m sure. Impeccably designed and constructed. I asked for the name of his tailor, but he was oddly hesitant to provide it – though in the end he did say he’d let me know next time the man came ‘round.”
A minute later, as he was gliding peacefully over the countryside, wondering how long it would take in freefall for everyone to find each other and join hands around the happy couple before it was too late to open the chutes, and beginning to worry about power lines and flights of geese, his earbud radio crackled to life.
“It’s not going well today,” he answered. He lifted his hand and flexed it, then used the index finger – the strongest – to press a key. The note was not flawless – it was longer and louder than he’d meant it to be. He sighed and moved to close the cover, but she stopped him, pushing it back and covering his right hand with her left as she slid onto the bench beside him.
Lestrade dropped the hedge trimmers and hurried over. He seemed cautious still, but worried. He helped John prop Sherlock up against the stone wall to which the hinged end of the gate was connected, then held onto Sherlock’s uninjured arm as they lowered him to a seated position. John rather hated helping Sherlock deceive Lestrade, but if they could just gain access to the garden, the charade would be over.
“It was assumed,” Sherlock added, voice quite soft. He reached out and toppled his king, though he was only a move or two away from a win. “It was assumed that the young man was your sister’s lover.”
“Of course you were afraid. You were seven years old. If you weren’t afraid, you’d have scaled that wall on your own and explored it for yourself.”
“The best doctor is here,” Sherlock had said as Simon stood by, a bit battered himself, and seemingly unsurprised that Sherlock was alive, and stoically announced he’d followed Mr. Holmes’ directions to return directly to Rosethorne. The farm truck stopped to help change a flat that they’d swerved to avoid had brought them both here, and Mycroft had staunched his bloody head with an old shirt.
His speech had slowed as he spoke, from a voice reminiscent of one of John’s college professors in full lecture mode, to the voice of a man up long past his bedtime. He tried to cover a yawn, but it escaped and he fought to keep his eyes open.
“Unfortunate word choice. And another question altogether - you’ll need to win another piece, first.” Sherlock looked altogether too collected for John’s mood now. “We were talking about my mother, I believe,” he continued, too casually.
“And that’s surprising, is it?” asked Molly. While John could tell she was fascinated by Sherlock, she wasn’t taken with him in the same way John had been when they’d first met. She was testing him – drawing him out. And Sherlock was acting extraordinarily odd. It almost seemed as if he was deliberately provoking Molly.
She waited a moment for the crowd to scatter, then started regally up the staircase. When she reached Mycroft, she lifted the sound barrier shield and bent to whisper something in the child’s ear.
“Excuse me,” John said, raising his hand automatically. “Head toward them? How exactly do we head toward them when we’re free-falling?”
At times like these, John wished for the piano. He’d been good enough, once at least, to accompany Sherlock -  not as a performer in his own right, but as the soft notes to fill in the empty spaces and showcase the other instrument. As he was a man driven by routine and schedule, he still visited the music room several times a week to work on his manual dexterity. It was difficult to guess how much, if any, he’d improved – after all, his right hand had always known its way about the keyboard. He’d found, though, that his fingers didn’t seem as still and weighty as did his arm, and while he had to lift the arm to rest on his thigh, he could raise his knee to elevate his wrist to the proper level. It was awkward at first, and frustrating, but Sherlock had found a cushion of the right size to fit on his left leg.
Sherlock had taken a step toward the stairway, but he stopped and turned back. He’d expected John to be at work when he arrived home, giving him time to prepare for his arrival and for the inevitable explosion. “Mood? What sort of mood?”
Sherlock laughed. The sound, like the chuckle before, echoed oddly in the gloomy stillness of this forgotten space. “Or better yet - a bottle of wine shared in the garden under the stars?”
He could go over the wall, of course. He was generally fit, and scaling an eight foot, vine-covered wall was certainly not outside his athletic ability. He had the feeling that Sherlock, in his prime, could have climbed the wall and danced atop it, but his current circumstances certainly didn’t allow for such dexterity and balance. They’d have to be as unobtrusive as possible, possibly even venturing out at dusk when there was little or no chance of finding the staff out wandering the gardens. No, he wasn’t about to resort to army basic training maneuvers and potential injury to get Sherlock into the locked garden.
Sherlock’s head swiveled toward the pile of wood from the dismantled shed, now stacked at the base of the tallest, straightest tree in the garden. He then wiggled deliberately on the bench, as if to point out that John could certainly use the help. John’s grip on his leg tightened as the bench swayed.
“A very bad pilot who very much wanted us dead,” John added. “Still, you managed to get the balloon down after I buggered you rather senseless.”
“Or not,” Harry cut in, frowning at Severus but Sherlock thought the frown was all for show – the man was clearly amused. “John, I’ll personally guarantee that you, Rosie and Sherlock will make it safely to the ground. I’m last to jump and I’ll have my eye on you.”
“This wasn’t my idea,” Sherlock began, shifting uncomfortably. “I didn’t know they were pretending I was dead until nearly two months after the bombing.” He ran a hand through his curls, clearly frustrated. “I didn’t know
“You’re serious.” John moved his foot, still pressed against Sherlock, not caring that Sherlock felt him, that he knew John was aroused. Sherlock followed his lead, moving his own foot in tandem with John’s.
“You had a building blown apart over your head. It left you with a serious, life-altering injury. You’ve done your part, Sherlock. If you want to do more, good. If you don’t – if you’re done with it now, and want to chase bees about the garden, good too. Or if you’re somewhere in the middle – you need to shift your focus. Change isn’t failure – brilliant as you are, you’re only a cog in a giant machine. Do your part, but don’t lose your mind over it, Sherlock. They’re treating you like a secret weapon. They’ve surrounded you with the people you asked for – plopped you and Billy and Mrs. Hudson out here on the Moor in the middle of nowhere – then brought me here to seal the deal. And all the while you’re trying to recover from a head wound and dealing with epilepsy.”
“I’m a doctor,” he said. “I should think that was obvious to you as you’re playing the part of difficult patient so well.”
The room was quiet for several minutes. John remained on the edge of the bed, watching Sherlock, who had steepled his hands on his chest, tips of his fingers touching his chin. He was breathing evenly, but showed no sign of slipping into slumber. John thought about what he’d said, and all the questions he’d like to ask. He wondered about this mind palace purported to be in ruins. Sherlock Holmes seemed brilliant on every level. Refined speech, well-chosen and effective words, clear retention of knowledge of materials both recently learned and long held. His head injury hadn’t obviously affected his recall, and while his speech seemed a bit slow, he was just coming out of a series of seizures.
John smiled wryly. What Mrs. Hudson failed to understand was that, despite the civilian clothes, he was an officer in the British Army and this was his assignment. Complaining about conditions here would get him nowhere – he might be the only man in the King’s service who actually preferred the impossible conditions of a field hospital to solid stone walls two hundred years old and regular hot meals. Abandoning his post would leave him AWOL and eventually court-martialed or worse.
It was a subdued and somber Sherlock Holmes who accepted Mycroft’s posthumous award along with his own.
“I suppose it might recognise me,” John conceded. “Funny they can tell us apart – they all look the same to me.”
A distraction – body and mind away from the dark-paneled rooms and stale air and pipe smoke. Away from the piles of books, the typewriter, the fountain pens, the note pages full of precise and formal writing.
It didn’t exactly transform the place. It was still 221B with all the detritus of both a consulting detective and a very small child, cluttered and worn-looking despite the rebuild only months ago. He scooped Rosie up from the floor and, eye level with the mantel, she started an unintelligible conversation with the skull, small hand outstretched toward it, as he regarded the tree critically.
John reached for Sherlock’s hand and grasped it, pulling him slightly off balance so that he tipped forward and steadied himself with a knee on the bench beside John’s leg.
Drawing on his experience with Sherlock Holmes to date, the word peaceful seemed rather out of place.
Sherlock grimaced. “Ouch. They’re going to kill us. They'll see it as having missed several months of grandchild privileges.”
There comes a day when Sherlock catches John sitting halfway up the staircase, eight steps from the top. He is supposed to be in Cambridge, following a lead in a new case and having dinner with Rosie. He isn’t supposed to be home, and he certainly isn’t meant to find John scooting up the stairs backward on his bum because his leg and hip have given up for the day.
He hardly had time to suck in a breath of air before he was pressed against the wall by Sherlock’s lean body, before Sherlock’s lips were on his. A knee worked in between his legs, stopping his downward slide, and Sherlock’s thigh pressed against his groin as his lips moved on John’s, sucked on his bottom lip, released it and mouthed his jaw, his cheek, his ear.
“He looked perfectly fine when I saw him,” Sherlock volunteered. “Quite energetic, actually.” He lowered his voice so only John could here. “Still on his feet with his trousers around his ankles and his hands on her bum - her skirt was hiked up around her hips.”
While a physical therapist, working with him, might have had him concentrate on the repetitive movement – perhaps strengthening individual fingers, then moving on to sequencing, more complex motion, John worked for something entirely different.
“He’s had these often enough,” Mrs. Hudson supplied from behind him. She still sounded distraught and John wondered what, exactly, her relationship to this man was. “But the second one – it wouldn’t stop. Went on and on jerking him around like he was a helpless puppet. And Mr. Holmes said….”
He and Mary picked out a place of their own once upon a time, but he hadn’t really cared where they lived, as long as the work commute was manageable, and he certainly hadn’t even considered stairs, or the lack thereof.  Before Mary, and after 221B, there’d been a flat. A perfectly serviceable and utterly forgettable place that he’d taken with not much more than a cursory glance. It was nowhere near 221B, and close enough to work, and those were the only two criteria he’d set.
It was a statement, not a question, and Sherlock, eyes still closed, acknowledged it with a quiet hum.
Molly moved past him then, until she was close enough to Sherlock to reach out and touch him. He shifted uncomfortably as she took the conversation in an unexpected direction.
“I live in a three room prison – a rather lavish one, I admit.” He moved his head, winced, and felt the back of it tentatively, then sighed. “It’s hardly a life.”
“Hmmm,” answered Severus as he pointed his wand upward and doubled the size of Sherlock’s pink parachute.
“Yes! Exactly that - it was brilliant! But it makes no sense. Less than an hour ago, you were convulsing on the floor. Your brain should be a chaotic mess still - foggy and unfocused. Look at how you’re moving, Sherlock. As if every muscle in your body hurts. You’re considering each step before you take it, and you’re careful to lean against things for extra support because you’re weak and sore from the uncontrolled muscle movements. The only reason you’re up at all is that the attack was mild, and didn’t last very long. But regardless- your brain should not be so - so -
John didn’t have a ready answer for that question – it wasn’t one he’d thought of, or prepared for, in the hours he’d spent at his desk after Mycroft had first been informed that Irene Adler had gone missing.
John doesn’t admit to Sherlock that even he finds little William to be the eighth wonder of the world. He’s in a better place now, and the memory of his wife’s past and Sherlock’s near death at her hands has faded with time, glazed over with the life they began together on the day they waltzed across the floor with Rosie between them.
He could practically see the wheels turning as Sherlock tore through whatever room in his Mind palace held such information. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, waiting for the next piece of the puzzle.
On their drive homeward that evening, Sherlock muttered over and over “Muggle Muggle Muggle Muggle Muggle” while John fretted about jumping out of a plane and his future grandchildren falling off brooms at that school in Scotland.
When it came to the more traditional expressions of romance, the cards were certainly stacked against them.
“What do you want?” John whispered loudly, jerking his right arm until Sherlock released it and rolled off of him. “And why are you wearing women’s clothing?”
He thought it had to be a child’s construction. The distance between each board was irregular, though, as he didn’t know much about the growth pattern of trees, he supposed those distances may have changed through the ensuing years. Two of the boards still had exposed nails where the tree had grown around the ends of the boards more than the middle, and John could see that each was held to the tree with far too many nails than necessary, as if a child had done the hammering, working under the theory that more was better. The nails themselves were of the old-fashioned, spikey sort, but had certainly withstood the test of time.
“Didn’t he?” Sherlock frowned. “Well, he must have taken a flat in London for a reason, and work is the most likely reason since his ex-wife is off in New Zealand coaching a football team I’ve never heard of and his children are out of the house or at school in Scotland.”
When John continued working the crossword with only an occasional side-eye at Sherlock, Sherlock retreated to their bedroom and appeared ten minutes later fully dressed in what John affectionately called his clubbing suit. It was the most flamboyant thing Sherlock owned, and he’d left the top three buttons of the skintight shirt undone.
“Well, Mycroft, you always win, don’t you?” he said as the applauding crowd settled back in their seats. “Here I am even though the last thing you ever heard me say was ‘I’m still not going.’”
- not fits.” He spoke calmly, wondering why Holmes had seen fit to share such details with this particular woman, and who else in the household was in on the secret.
Molly knew, though she rarely saw them touch each other - nothing more than a glancing, accidental brush of fingers. She saw it in John's eyes, and in the way Sherlock deferred to him like he deferred to no one else on earth. Some things simply could not be hidden. She knew, but never said, and sometimes wondered if she and Greg could ever love each other as truly as Sherlock loved John and John loved Sherlock.
John didn’t think so. He was here because of his relationship to Sherlock. His past. His shared history.
“It sounds boring. It’s nearly as restrictive as being dead. I do not require sleep, nor do I require a caretaker.” He let out a dramatic sigh. “Eating is boring.”
“I’ve met them,” he clarified. “Well, one of them, anyway. Harry. Divorced, three children, works in law enforcement. Amiable, if you go for that sort of thing. Something odd about him, though.”
“I take it we’re not celebrating my uncanny ability to survive in the face of certain death.” He sipped the scotch and studied John. He didn’t appear inebriated, but he definitely was not on his first glass.
Thus is was that Severus found himself with a hitch-hiker when he bee-lined directly to the nuptial circle which was forming below him.
“We’ve hardly done ten,” said John, returning to his crossword and lamenting Sherlock’s increasingly short attention span.
"They're settling him in now, John. His injuries were not life-threatening." He held up a hand as John jerked, standing up straighter. "I wanted to tell you first. What - what a good man he is. What a good man you've found. You - " He struggled with the words, staring at his hands splayed on the table. "You deserve each other - and Rosethorne."
“Ah – Dr. Watson. There you are.” Minerva dismissed her detention students with a wave of her hand, raised her wand to throw up a sound barrier around Mycroft, and turned to face John, arms crossed across her chest, leaving no question as to who was in charge here. “I admit I made a tactical error – young Mr. Holmes discovered the trophy room while the students were cleaning the bathroom. He saw one of the memorials in honor of Headmaster Dumbledore, Confused, he confirmed the current year with one of the students, then started screaming. This drew the attention of Professor Holmes, who came out to investigate. His class followed .” She frowned at that, and her frown had the same affect on John as being confronted unexpectedly with the barrel of a gun. He squelched a shiver as she continued. “Young Mycroft heard a student call Sherlock Professor Holmes and…well….”
“I’ll reserve the guest seats, shall I?” Mycroft asked, tuning out his brother’s excuses. “I assume it will just be you and Rosie, then,” he said. “William is far too young for a formal affair such as this.”
“Not military – an officer would have his son back in the action. I’d guess a Minister – some higher-up? Or – hmm. He looked at the photograph taped to the inside of the file folder. “Minor royalty?”
He knows it first that very moment as the feel of John in his arms imprints on his being and brands his soul.
He had seen his share of addicts and had no reason to doubt Sherlock’s claims. And he had firsthand experience of what an addict might be willing to do to procure another hit.
“Possibly – but not very likely,” she answered honestly. “Dad will, though. So he can tell you all about it.”
Someone is in the room – someone sitting on a narrow bed against the far wall.  Someone dressed in dark trousers and a black and white plaid button down. Short blonde hair, back erect, walking cane leaning against the bed, which is crisply made with military precision.
“Well, then.” Sherlock’s grin was downright gleeful. “We can start on your Tower of London after we finish my pirate ship.”
And inevitably, what was bound to happen did, though invariably, not the way John had thought it might.
“Yes, exactly! The fewer people who are interested in her, the better. Tell me, John – where is Miss Adler?”
“You know what I mean,” she said, looking much more mirthful than the situation warranted. “Killed him in some way
“Yes – he’s…well, he’s quite good, I suppose.” John vividly recalled the fantastic menagerie cut from the maze hedge. “Do you know him? Lestrade, I mean?”
“Habit,” John replied. He glanced over at Sherlock with half a smile, then squared his shoulders. “I’ll stay with him ‘til morning,” he said. “You should….”
She ignored him, motioning him on. “Go on, now. I’ll keep Rosie down here until you’ve settled it, alright?”
Sherlock seemed to know his thoughts, for he gave John’s hand a reassuring squeeze, then let it go. John pulled himself to his feet, wincing as his leg protested, and steadied himself against the wall. Sherlock offered his hand then, and John helped pull him upright. Sherlock’s arms came up around him as he got his footing, and he nestled his head in the crook of John’s neck, breath warm against John’s skin.
“Well, if he gets mixed up with other babies in the nursery we’ll call you in,” John says lightly. He won’t go there. He refuses to go to those dark corners Sherlock’s mind is edging.
Another month at Rosethorne Manor was well underway when Mycroft Holmes returned for the second time. John wasn’t told when he’d be visiting, of course, but the buzzing of the staff always put him on alert. Holmes had been back for more than a day when he called for John.
“Sherlock - Sherlock - you don’t...you don’t have to…” he attempted, tugging at Sherlock’s hair with an intent he didn’t feel. The hand gripping him loosened, but in a blink he was swallowed to the root and Jesus Christ he had to be halfway down Sherlock’s throat and there were no brain cells left to direct his hips not to thrust, his fingers not to fish in Sherlock’s curls, to thwart his groans and leave him with even a modicum of dignity.
Sherlock stared at him, studying him with a frown, then unfolded the shawl and arranged it around his head and shoulders. Then, in the space of a breath, he changed.
The chauffeur, Simon, stepped out from an inset doorway, then nodded at Mrs. Hudson, as if silently letting her know that she was dismissed
It was an odd speech, one that left the audience a bit out of sorts, but it was perfectly Sherlock, and the crowd applauded, and he took his seat beside John and squeezed his other hand.
“I’ll ask him,” Molly promised. “But I don’t think he’ll mind, John. He’s been in their shoes already, just like you have. And look what the garden’s done for him – it’s an outlet for his hidden artist, a way to channel his emotions.”
The Great Pyramid of Giza is impressive and enduring, the lighthouse of Alexandria strong and long-standing. The statue of Zeus honoured the founder of the Olympic games, while the Colossus of Rhodes was, indeed, colossal.  Hanging gardens, temples, mausoleums – all great in their own right while they endured, but nothing – nothing – will ever compare to a tiny eight-pound bundle named John William Watson.
But when he returned to Rosethorne – because return was inevitable – he’d have all of their jobs, and their heads to go with them.
“I did. We’re not exactly hiding it. It’s surprising it took this long for a slow news day to pop up.”
“She’s great,” John said. “She’s immensely over-qualified for her position here – I’ve always wondered why Mycroft chose here. It seemed a waste, really, since she could help so many more people at a hospital in London. I just thought him selfish and greedy – I figured he had need of her himself.”
Sherlock reminds himself vaguely as he sinks into unconsciousness. His eyelids don’t flutter. They don’t blink. He feels John’s hand on his arm, on his shoulder, a brief squeeze. Fingers run down his arm in an almost caress.
“That’s quite enough of that one,” Sherlock interrupted. “My turn – top ten wonderful things about bees.”
“Not late enough for me to show up at Harry and Sev’s with you wearing that,” John countered. “What’s a five-letter word for obnoxious cock?”
, and when he lifted his left hand, there were, of course, no miracles. But there was dogged determination, the will to make music, just like they’d done together.
“Mrs. Hudson – please. I understand. Just – no more, alright? And if you haven’t already, no word to the other staff, please. We all like to start in new places with a clean slate, and I’m hoping to have a smooth go of it here.”
“Would you stop taking photos and get me down please?” he managed, trying to keep his voice pleasant and unconcerned.
“Ah – hmm.  Well, it seemed like a good idea,” John said. “Never to late to learn, I suppose, is it?”
They were quiet for a long while then, though John reached for Sherlock’s hand and laced their fingers together. He dropped his head back against the wall and waited, gazing at the dusty chandelier above them.
Sherlock sighed as he stepped out of the plane. He supposed one hundred and sixteen would have to be enough.
Sherlock had canted his head a few degrees to the side. He looked like he was trying to sort something out, as he did when he was studying one of his journals, or some of the cryptic strings he so often stared at on his notepads.
“Us? You and your brother, then?” He forced out a chuckle. “I can’t imagine Mycroft breaking rules.”
, this intricate cerebral organizational system, the more he attempted to retrain his compromised neural system, the more stress he put on the very system. And very likely, this came with an increased chance of epileptic seizure, and perhaps even of their severity.
Sherlock turned his head slowly and stared at John. John stared back with a gentle smile. They didn’t talk about this – about John’s diagnosis. About how much time he might have left. They didn’t dwell on it, didn’t change their lives in any appreciable way other than to spend even more time with each other, if that was even possible. They didn’t talk about final resting places, or what one would do without the other. By mutual, unvoiced consent, they continued forward, one day – one lifetime – at a time.
“How long did you stay with it?” John asked, repeating the melody, enjoying being able to reproduce something recognizable, no matter how simple.
This not-really-an-invalid who happened to suffer from the very condition that had so tormented his late wife.
Sherlock was already on the other side of the room, sorting through a stack of documents a foot and a half tall, by the time John made it to the door.
It was a bee hive, in a split low in the trunk. He could see the bees now, crowding the edges of the split, a few buzzing about in the air a foot or two above the earth.
“He won’t be flying a broom indoors,” Rosie stated emphatically. “And he can access the highest cabinets from a chair and the countertop just like I did when I was little.”
“I miss London,” Sherlock admitted. “Life is altogether too slow here, and before you appeared, utterly boring as well. I appreciate you humoring me.”
“Could we start with something a bit less personal?” John asked. “Perhaps work ourselves up to the kind of sharing people do when they know each other very well?”
“We’ve actually called you in here for a reason, Captain Watson,” Major Sholto said, interrupting the slightly uncomfortable silence that followed John’s statement. “You should know, before going any further, that you are about to receive classified information that cannot be disseminated, for any reason, beyond the persons in this room and Sherlock Holmes and Molly Hooper. Doing so will be considered treason, Captain Watson. Understood?”
The landing was a little less than pleasant for Sherlock and Severus, even with Lee’s fairly ineffective coaching, but everyone else called the jump a success.
This one took quite a bit longer than I anticipated - posting schedule should get back to weekly or better from  here forward.
“I’m not, actually.” John wiped sleep from his eyes as he sat on the edge of the bed, facing Sherlock, and turned on the bedside lamp. “I was asked to officially release her. I was going to examine her in the morning – determine if she was sufficiently recovered – ”
He was somewhat surprised to find the familiar door closed and the corridor empty when he arrived. He was even more surprised when Mycroft Holmes himself opened the door to his perfunctory knock.
Sherlock puts his hand on the doorknob, pauses to look at John, then pulls open the door to be greeted with exactly what one might expect – a rather posh loo.
“I’ve no idea.” He inched closer to the hive. “Though we were told grandmother died of a bee sting – out here in one of the gardens, long before I was born.”
Sherlock’s hand was still outstretched, and John eyed the newcomer suspiciously, but reached into his pocket for the key, dropping it unceremoniously into Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s expression changed immediately, though he schooled his features quickly, and affected an air of casual interest. He turned the key over on his hand, then held it up, studying it in the fading light.
He grabbed his mobile and wandered off into the bedroom and John was left thinking that this couldn’t possibly turn out well.
John didn’t need convincing. He followed Sherlock down the garden path, then through the little door that led to the cottage. But he’d taken only a few steps toward the house when the door flew open and Greg Lestrade appeared, hand still grasping the doorknob and panting. He pointed at John and opened his mouth, but no words came out.
John, long exposed to persons with all categories of illness and injury, recognized defense mechanisms such as these. Still, he felt a duty to fulfill his professional role.
“What is it now?” asked John, trying to sound exasperated. It was difficult to keep up the pretense, as he was a great deal more intrigued with the man than exasperated.
“And do find something for the pain that won’t make him high as a kite,” she said. “He’s going to be very cross with me for using the morphine.”
Across the room, Sherlock let the curtain drop back into place and bent to pick up his violin and bow which had been resting against the wall beside the window. He sank back into his chair, violin balanced on his knees, and began adjusting the strings, looking up at John after several quiet minutes passed.
Sherlock quickly captured a pawn, even though, from John’s perspective, it didn’t advance the game at all to do so.
“It’s five o’clock somewhere,” John interrupted, raising his glass and staring at Sherlock until Sherlock reluctantly lifted his own glass to touch John’s. When John spoke, his words were slow and careful and very, very heartfelt.
woman, for that matter, except in how they can help him reach his ends. And speaking of romantic interests, Miss Adler was in
,” he said. “You see a Ministry official before you who, thirty minutes ago, was a small child who wanted nothing more than to finish dinner and go ride a broom. Though he has a witch for a mother, magic wasn’t routinely used at his home. He didn’t have a toy broom, or learn to fly, as a child.”
He stirred beside John now, wrapping an arm around John’s torso and pulling him back against his chest. They had all of a minute to enjoy the peace and quiet before an ear-splitting scream rent the air. Sherlock rolled stiffly out of bed and bent to pick up one of John’s shoes, groaning at the stretch, then flung open the bedroom door.  He’d clearly forgotten they had a guest in the house.
John allowed himself a glance at Sherlock, but Sherlock was staring at his lap again, and didn’t bother to acknowledge the introductions. John frowned, and returned his focus to Mycroft.
So, two and a half hours after John left the crime scene, Sherlock arrives at Baker Street without his keys.
John could have been exasperated, indignant, put out. But he wasn’t any of those things. He was, in fact, intrigued, curious. Excited. Sherlock Holmes was by far the most interesting thing that he’d encountered since coming to Rosethorne, and he was allowing himself to teeter dangerously close to the other man’s substantial gravitational pull.
Al ducked his head into the kitchen. “Just thought you should know Snape’s taken Sherlock downstairs to see his lab.”
“Yes, and no. No one can magic you down. There are Muppets here, Sherlock. You’re just going to have to let the big strong fire fighters save you.”
He hurried on alone to the infirmary while Mrs. Hudson continued to the breakfast room, mentally preparing himself for the chaos to come.
, John!  I simply have to discard the old pieces, not reorder them! I need to rebuild with something more meaningful than a system of rules. It isn’t
doing here?” he exclaimed, as if finding himself at a Weasley reunion was within the realm of possibility as long as Sherlock was not present.
“What? Don’t surprise you when you’re obviously trying to escape down the tunnel without me?” Sherlock accused with a gleam in his eye.
In the end, Sherlock had given up and taken pity on John. He’d made tea and sandwiches, and gave John the remote control, then took a photo of John sprawled on the sofa with wrapped foot elevated and sent it to Rosie with the caption “Forgot to tie his shoes and fell down the stairs.”
“Your job, Captain Watson, is to do everything possible to enable this,” Major Sholto stated. He spoke evenly, and seriously, but John heard something else, perhaps a touch of quiet desperation behind his voice. Or saw it in his eyes. Something he’d not seen before in a commanding officer.
, John. The expression on your face as I take you in my mouth – the colour of your bottom lip when you bite it, trying to stave off orgasm. The minute change in your eyes when you’re perplexed, or bothered, or worried, or distracted, or angered. Emotion.
It turned out he had landed only a short distance away from the designated landing spot near the honeymoon cottage Al and Rosie had picked out, in the one and only tree on the property tall enough to present an obstacle.
“We’ll wait,” Harry said, glancing at Severus who looked perfectly patient on a second needle-point chair.
And what would he be with access to this mind palace that seemed to be his central focus, and the heart of the reason John had been brought to Rosethorne?
He didn’t know why he’d volunteered all of this to her, for just saying it aloud brought a lump to his throat. Since he’d walked away from the piano after her death, he’d taken care not to get too close to one. He’d continued his medical studies – she had so wanted that for him – and then the war had come, and there’d been far more important things to do with his hands than caress the ivories.
Mrs. Hudson, under the influence of her Friday-night herbal soother, is more than happy to let him in, and doesn’t scold him at all. And no, she hasn’t heard John come in but she’s only been home herself for an hour. Sherlock makes as little noise as possible. He has no reason to drop his keys on the table since he’s left them behind, and he quietly drapes his coat on John’s empty chair and picks up his violin.
John smiled. “Lestrade has the key. We’ve only got to ask him – but I haven’t figured out how to go about doing that.”
,” he said, his voice a soft whisper in the darkness. “It’s that it no longer interests me as it once did. I don’t
Lestrade made a sound then. A guttural noise, almost a sob. He stood beside the closed door, eyes darting around the room, taking in the chaotic order of Sherlock, the books and papers, the hastily made bed, the dressing gown draped over the chair.
“I am not an unfeeling monster, Dr. Watson. But this is quite an inconvenient time for sentimentality of any sort. The world is at war -
“My rooms…?” John led, letting Holmes take it for what he would – question, statement, barely veiled request to leave his company.
When at last Sherlock was nearly back to normal, he helped him up to a seated position, back resting against the gate, and examined his arm.
“I’ve already told you – he wasn’t there, and then he was. It surprised me. I lost my footing. Accidents happen, Sherlock. Maybe the carpet is coming loose.”
John shook his head, thinking of Sherlock out in the garden, on the ground studying the bees. “But how does that relate to Sherlock?”
John nudged her over a fraction with his hip, freed his hand from her grip and pressed out a simple, familiar melody.
“Good,” he said, carefully forming and pronouncing the word, blowing it out in a long exhale. He reached out and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. They remained there, neither moving, long enough for John to grow uncomfortable. Then Sherlock lifted his hand slowly, resting it on top of Lestrade’s.
Sherlock remembers well the day John walked into his life. He remembers all the entrances and exits, his and John’s alike, but by the end of their first day together, he knew he needed more. They weren’t kindred souls – not precisely – but they were something and life after only one day together was already decidedly better with John than without him.
“Boring,” responded Sherlock, almost before John had the words out. “Number one is decidedly The Tower Terror.”
He didn’t want to dwell on their arguments before they parted, the heated words they’d exchanged, hidden away in the derelict guest cottage. The risk was too great. It was a trick, abject manipulation. Mycroft would not keep his word, had no intention of letting Sherlock return. Mycroft could engineer his permanent disappearance from John’s life. How difficult would it be to erase a man already thought to be dead? And what about Sherlock’s health? The seizures that, while less frequent and less severe than they had been, could not be prevented and could strike when he was in transit or cause a life-threatening injury?
Perhaps it was the question itself that distracted him enough to hop down this particular rabbit hole.
John took a deep breath and lifted his other hand. It trembled as it came to rest on Sherlock’s cheek. He pulled him forward and Sherlock wondered, for the briefest of moments, whether John was steadying him only to slap him across the face. But John’s lips grazed his then, and he spoke softly against Sherlock’s cheek. “Alright, I think I have that out of my system,” he breathed. He rubbed his nose fondly against Sherlock’s. “So, you denied it all and sent them on their way out there?”
“This is ridiculous,” John said, rubbing thumb and forefinger over his aching head. “I don’t know - maybe to make the authorities look in all the wrong places.”
Ginny Potter was standing with her hands against the wall. Her tight skirt was hiked up over her hips and the Malfoy boy stood behind her, trousers around his ankles. They froze when the door swung open, starting at him in the same sort of paralytic stupor that had taken him over as well.
“His seizures have become more frequent since he started working again,” John said at last, deliberately not answering Mycroft’s question, but not cutting off the conversation either. “Not more severe – just more frequent. They’ve been relatively minor but the increasing frequency isn’t a good sign.”
him. Something terrible, I imagine, in the war. Mr. Holmes brought him here six months ago, and he’s been keeping the grounds since.” She paused, and John thought she looked particularly sorrowful, as if Lestrade’s affliction was personally upsetting. “We didn’t really know what to do with him at first,” she acknowledged. “Mr. Holmes explained that Mr. Lestrade was mute, and that we were to welcome him, and find something to keep him busy, and not make unreasonable demands of him. I decided to ask him to trim the hedges closest to the manor – they’d been neglected since James and Toby joined up. Old Higgins can barely keep the grass trimmed. He took right to it. He’s taken on more and more, though no one presses him to do it.”
John sat up, sitting cross-legged in much the same position in which he’d found Irene Adler earlier that day.
He considered her words – all of them – as he continued on his way, and waited outside Mycroft Holmes’ door. Don’t let him break you. Remember why you’re here.
There were no guarantees, but John had every confidence that the man couldn’t help but improve if he just quit trying so hard. And he was equally sure that he’d never be able to talk Sherlock into giving up his mental calisthenics in favor of a romp in the gardens.
He’d given some thought to what should have been the most obvious concern. Why had Mycroft Holmes brought Lestrade here to Rosethorne? Lestrade, like everyone else, thought Sherlock had died in the attack on the location where he’d been working. Lestrade had been there himself – Sherlock had just revealed as much. Lestrade had been there to protect Sherlock – but in what capacity? Was he a member of the military? A guard or some sort? Lestrade was somewhat older than Sherlock, or looked so.  Not too old to serve – God knows old men were being called up in this war.
“I think a country cottage will do,” he answered, voice calm, understanding what was behind Sherlock’s questions. “I can’t do surgeries but I can do enough to get by out here where medical help isn’t always easy to find. And I can have a garden, and make benches and tables enough for it. I’m not – I’m not as – as angry here. At the world. About what I’ve lost.”
“Any question at all,” Sherlock said. He pressed a pawn forward two spaces. “You could ask me why I despise my brother, or what my favorite vegetable is. And I could ask you why you sometimes carry your cane, and sometimes seem to forget it.”
When John Watson began to lay out the first steps of a plan to help Sherlock recover his mind palace, he had no inkling of how many lives his efforts would change. He might have seen it coming, perhaps, had he been looking in the right places, or thinking along other, less direct, lines. But John was a linear thinker. In his left hand he held the problem, in his right the desired end, and in between he sought the thread that connected the two.
“So is Mycroft,” Sherlock said – producing a pair of fur-lined handcuffs from the drawer in the bedside table.
“I’m well aware of that,” John answered. “It wasn’t important until I began looking for a place to bring you to exercise outside. And – well, I don’t really know.” He sighed, and looked at Sherlock, chagrinned. “I know it sounds silly – but I think I wanted to spring it on you. A surprise – the big reveal. But I wanted to solve it for myself – figure out how to get in again, without you puzzling it out for me. It really does seem ridiculous now, looking at it from this angle with you sitting here telling me you used to look over the walls, afraid of ghosts.”
He sits on his chair opposite John, on edge, watchful, at sixes and sevens with himself, with this new 221B, with the conviction that it’s
“Quidditch game,” Arthur said as he led them to seats overlooking the pitch and brought them lemonade.
“You thought I would help ground you? After you read my files?” John leaned against the wall beside the door, curious, feigning indignance. He really needn’t bother. He knew Sherlock wasn’t likely to be fooled.
“You’re quite big,” Mycroft said, glancing back at Sherlock, who glowered at him. “Bigger than him by far.”
“Does your brain ever stop?” John asked, exhausted from trying to follow all of these hairpin conversational turns.
“Yes. He seems to be have no problems with his hearing.” John watched Sherlock a moment more. “Look – we’re out here, the sun’s about to go down, the moon is already out, there’s even a nice breeze. Why don’t you walk around the garden a few times? Humor me, Sherlock. I’ll walk with you if you’d like.”
“How or where he saw me, I still don’t know. But he set out to bring me back, and his men made a mistake – they got the wrong Holmes. If Moriarty hadn’t used him to try to get to me, I’d likely never have known what happened to him.”
“Not yet,” Sherlock said as he rose to his feet, an odd figure in woman’s dressing gown and wig, swollen lip distorting his angular face. “But the night is young. Come, Dr. Watson - the game is on!”
“It’s his third one tonight,” Billy volunteered as John quickly checked the man’s shaking head and found, as he thought he might, a raised knot, but fortunately no blood. “Not so bad as the first two,” Billy continued. “Those lasted a long time – ‘s what made us so scared.” He exchanged a worried look with Mrs. Hudson. “The boss said to fetch you right away if the fits lasted more than five minutes or if they kept coming on.”
It was brilliant, and tragic. Sherlock hadn’t only been working on a decoding project - he’d beeen working on an entire
“I knew it. You can’t conjure tea because you’re a Muggle,” the boy said with a long-suffering sigh.
John rather agreed with the boy, but kept his expression neutral as he bent and picked up the offending sock and tossed it onto Sherlock’s chair. “We’re busy,” he said. “I work odd hours at the clinic and Sherlock works with the police – he’s a sort of detective.”
He spent some time staring up into the tree, studying it with a critical eye, and he realised just how perfect the tree was. The trunk was thick and straight, with wide, sturdy branches growing out from it to form a lovely canopy. From fifteen feet up, John imagined one could look out over the gardens to the manor house itself.
John would have thought that Sherlock would be awed every time he dredged up one of these new words, but oddly, he seemed annoyed instead. The secret to cracking the problem of a Mind Palace which refused to give up anything magical that went in was to store the new words with normal day-to-day British terms and not segregate them in a room with “Magic” on the door, as Sherlock’s brain simply bypassed the impossible. So Quidditch had to be cross-referenced in “Sports” but it was only after consideration of the role of brooms in the game that the name became accessible.
“Play along, John,” Sherlock murmured in his ear as he pushed away from John and wobbled toward Lestrade.
He still isn’t sure, all these years later, of the order of things, but he’s checked off the boxes in his mind and he knows he’s progressed through stages. They’re four-letter-words, each of them, and laid end to end they spell the beginning and the middle and the ever after that paves the way to the end.
He cannot believe that love is no longer enough for him, but seems enough for John. Like love itself, he didn’t see it coming.
They settled back into their seats, eyes closed. John was almost asleep when Sherlock spoke again, voice low so only John could hear.
“Restructuring the Mind Palace,” he clarified, speaking slowly. “I have found a new model – an organic model to replace the traditional cataloguing system.” He paused, nodding at John. “All credit to Dr. Watson for that discovery, by the way.”
He glances at the tree as he carries his wine glass to the kitchen. Three presents left for Rosie to open when Sherlock is home, a gift from Rosie to Sherlock, a stack for Sherlock from Molly and Greg and Mrs. Hudson, and a final gift, in plain green paper, to Sherlock from him.
That was it. Long memories. Smart birds, with long memories. He sometimes wondered if he was thinking aloud given the number of times Sherlock appeared to read his mind.
“That’s me,” Sherlock explained. John thought he looked amused, and was apparently paying only peripheral attention to the very serious matter being discussed. “Code name Magpie. I imagine they’ll have to shoot you now, John.”
The door closed softly, and as he watched, Sherlock Holmes calmly walked over and slid onto the piano bench beside him.
“I’ve told you already – sleep is difficult.” Sherlock’s foot began to jiggle. “Especially with Mycroft lingering on and on.”
John rolled his eyes. “What - timed your seizure to coincide with the end of our first romantic encounter?” he asked, lifting their joined hands and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s knuckles in a casual gesture of affection, as if they weren’t two grown men hiding out in a dusty women’s dressing room.
“What are we going to find up there?” asked John as he and Severus walked toward the cottage. He was still getting used to the feeling of walking in robes and struggled to keep up with Snape’s long strides.
They both giggled again, and John was beginning to think that perhaps the girls were on to Scorpius Malfoy.
They made their way through the tunnel, torchlight illuminating the walls and floor before them, walking, perhaps, closer together than they had before, but carrying on as they had before Sherlock had dropped to his knees and sucked John’s brain out through his prick. In any other situation, with any other person, he would have been reveling in the afterglow. Lounging in bed with his arm around his lover, snuggling under the quilt in the chill of the morning.
John pressed his eyes shut. He knew that wasn’t in the official report. That Sherlock had put the pieces together, though, no longer surprised him. He could even see, in a way, what Sherlock was trying to do. It might feel cruel, but there was a larger purpose here. He’d spent years layering reality over fabrication, creating a twisted version of events that fit the mould he needed to go on.
“Says the closet smoker,” John replied. “Anything else I should know about the sordid dealings of the family our daughter’s marrying into?”
It was five o’clock on a perfectly lovely summer day. The sky was cloud-dappled blue and a pleasant breeze cooled the air. Greg had gone into town for supplies and hadn’t yet returned, and John needed his help to maneuver some of the heavier boards from the now-dismantled garden shed into the walled garden through the little door. Sherlock had found the key, of course – rusty yet still functional – hanging from a nail above the spyglass in the tree house.
He’d hoped that Sherlock’s mind would begin to heal, slowly but steadily, with regular sleep, fresh air, and pleasant diversions from the mind-numbing work he’d been engaged in for so long. And he
She caught him staring at the stack of wood, an idea beginning to percolate through his tangled thoughts and dead-end anger.
John didn’t bother to argue about how desperately – or not – he needed her help. “Everything about this assignment is odd,” he said, choosing his words carefully. “But I’m no one special – nothing special. The army’s not about to invest extra resources in me.”
“Pants,” answered Sherlock, screwing up his face as the tape measure recorded the distance between his nostrils.
” He stopped and glared again, then screamed out “YOU PROMISED!” in such a high-pitched voice that Sherlock covered his ears and slid back under the covers.
“Colonel Chambers, Major Sholto, Captain Anderson.” Mycroft indicated each in turn, then turned his attention back to John. “And I don’t need to introduce my brother.”
“And you call yourself a gentleman! It’s one thing to not be monogamous, but to sleep with mother and son! I could almost forgive that -
“On Whitehall.” The man – solider, Sherlock’s brain supplies – repeats the words. He is on edge. Past curious. Intensely cautious.
It wasn’t the filth of this long-disused guest cottage that bothered him as he leaned against the wall, with the layers of dust covering the circular rug and wooden floor around it. It wasn’t the severity of Sherlock’s attack - as seizures went, this one, thank God, seemed less severe than the others he’d witnessed.
“Did you find it odd that Harry had that many people inside his flat but there wasn’t a drop of water or a single footprint on the floor in the corridor?”
Large and small, the hedges had been transformed. Shaped into animals, connected wing to tail to outstretched foot. It was the work of an artist and totally, absolutely impossible. A garden of joy, and hope, and beauty, locked away from the world.
“Get acquainted.” John was developing a habit of repeating Sherlock’s out-of-nowhere statements. “What would you call our last time together? When you accosted me in bed? Dressed as a woman?”
He unplugs the lights, thinks better of it, plugs them back in again. The rebuilt flat has a sprinkler system – he can live with the risk for one night to give Sherlock a surprise welcome when he walks in the door.
“I’ve told you this before, but physical activity, especially physical activity out of doors, helps your mind. Your brain, Sherlock.”
“You were feeling the scar,” Sherlock reminds him because it’s true and it bears saying. He takes a deep breath of courage as the locked doors in his mind palace dissolve into dust and when he speaks again, his voice is barely audible. “And I forgave Mary because I loved you.”
Al looked both intrigued and aghast. “Did she shoot him because he was messing around with your dad?” he asked, voice low.
“Five years.” he tipped his glass and drank again. “Five fucking horrible wonderful ridiculous terrifying glorious years.” He turned his head slowly against the cushions and stared at Sherlock. “Holy fuck, Sherlock – could you at least take off the bloody coat?”
“Why third?” John asks after a bit. Sherlock has already engineered a solution to secure the hinge on the shed in the yard of the home they don’t quite own yet.  He realises he’s wrong about household repairs and who’ll be doing them.
But Sherlock dropped his head back against the mattress and let out a slow, measured breath. “No, you don’t understand. Thank you for
Had he not been such a believer in the order and disorder of the world, he’d have thought he was losing his mind. But there is an explanation, perhaps not one he’ll accept, or even understand, and as he goes about his consulting work with New Scotland Yard, and with the occasional private client, he churns through theories. An elaborate psychological experiment masterminded by his brother. A just-as-elaborate practical joke. A hallucinogenic effect of drugs he’s ingested unknowingly – see “elaborate psychological experiment.” From there he’s left with all the impossibilities – parallel universes, time travel, ghosts.
“I say that because I am frustrated,” Holmes said. “When he finally began to make progress, he made it quickly. Mobility. Speech. Reading. His violin. He plays better now than he ever did, and he was more than gifted before. So why -
The man glances to the left, toward a door that undoubtedly leads to the loo. “No. Not always,” he murmurs, then turns his eyes back to Sherlock. “You…?”
“What happened to your pajamas?” he asked, voice high-pitched and prim, as he marched by Sherlock and stood at the foot of their bed, looking back toward the door. “It’s unsanitary to sleep au naturel. Mummy insists I wear pants under my pajamas, and a dressing gown on top.”
“But I do know you well,” Sherlock countered, a smile of satisfaction flitting slowly across his face and disappearing into a sigh. “But I can’t connect the pieces. My mind palace is in shambles. I
“Let’s give it a try, John. If it doesn’t work, we’ll think of something else. I – I have an idea you’d prefer to give them more time to decide on their own that life is worth living, even the lives they’re facing in the years ahead with their injuries.”
“Gone – along with her,” he answered, brusquely. He cleared his throat. He wasn’t going to allow Sherlock Holmes to back him into a corner and force him to discuss what had happened. He’d be surprised if the man didn’t already know – he and his brother seemed to have access to every detail about his past. But he’d been gone – already deployed – when the Blitz began. He’d received the news in a letter from his sister and had locked the anger and pain down tight, resolving to stay in the fight until it was won.
He’s looking at Sherlock upside down, and the warm and happy smile stays right there on his face as they lock eyes. The ends of the scarf graze his face and he catches one in his hand and gives a tiny tug. Sherlock begins to bend, but it is the longest journey in the world, and John meets him halfway, takes hold of the other end of the scarf, and pulls him slowly down until their lips meet in an upside down first kiss that is awkward and off-center and every bit as perfect as he once dreamed it could be.
“Quite a bit?” John couldn’t think of anything more clever to say. He could have raged back at Sherlock, denied it all, called him crazy, but there was something, some little nugget of anticipation, of curiosity, of
“Not what I asked,” he said. He folded his hands on the table and leaned forward. “I asked what would make you happier, John.”
“I’d take you on a walk-about and send you over the white cliffs of Dover.” Sherlock pressed his toes into John’s thigh. “You’d land on a sunbathing mermaid and ride with her to the bottom of the sea.”
“I wasn’t there when he died and couldn’t have stopped it from happening had I’d been. But fortunately for the Placido family – who were enjoying a Sunday outing in the park – Mycroft was strolling by on his way to stick his nose in some important government business that was really none of his business at all when they most needed someone’s help.”
It’s Mrs. Hudson, coming in from the stairs, dust rag in hand. She stops in the doorway near the front door and stares at him disapprovingly, eyes widening as John steps into the room behind Sherlock. She looks from Sherlock to John, then from John to Sherlock. The puzzled look on her face disappears and is replaced by a look that John has no problem interpreting.
“Alright – you’re all good to go,” Lee called out to them as Sherlock attempted to untangled himself from Severus while Severus sighed – again – and the ropes magically disentagled. “Be here on the sixteenth at 10:30 a.m. We’ll have pop-up changing rooms and you’ll have thirty minutes to get into your wedding clothes. Planes leave promptly at eleven.
