“Why is my family always shit?”
“I know, John. I understand. I know what it’s like to live without you and I don’t want you to have to do that again. I will do my very best to be mindful of our circumstances when I need to make a choice.”
“I meant every word, as well.”
“FUCK!!!! What is happening? Why do my legs feel numb? Sherlock? Help me! I can’t feel my legs and my back feels like it’s been spun in a blender! Fucking hell it hurts!!!! What is going on?” John’s breathing was becoming erratic. Then he lost control of his bladder. The smell of urine permeated the air.
“Molly! What a wonderful surprise! You didn’t have to bring anything!” John pushed himself off of his chair to meet Molly halfway across the room. He pressed a kiss to a cheek. Molly stepped back after pressing one to one of his in return.
“You sleep a bit now and I’ll wake you in a few hours, see how you’re doing.” He held the bag with his left hand, his right hand in John’s hair. It was so soft. John’s hair was a comfort to Sherlock all of the time, but especially right now. Caring for someone else has not been Sherlock's forte for most of his life. He was trying to be better.
“What is?”
“I’ve never had this before I met you. The way your eyebrow raises when I’ve said something that surprises you. The smile and eye roll when I say just what you’ve expected. I’ve never been known, cared enough about, to incite a reaction. You’ve never been indifferent, always perceptive and aware of me. Like no one has ever been before or since I met you.
“No. Don’t do that. Look at me, please.” John sat back a bit to look at Sherlock’s face. John lifted Sherlock’s chin and waited until their gaze connected.
"I showered this morning. Probably not smelling as nice as I did then…"
John’s shoulders slumped in defeat.
They just stared into the other’s eyes. “You can kiss me, you know. No need for shyness. Your dick is pressing into my belly. I think we’re past all that.”
“It’s Lestrade. He’s got something for us.” He looked at John with apprehension, but hope. They haven’t been to a live scene in over nine weeks.
“I’m not CLUMSY, John.” The “How dare you?” was implied by the tone of Sherlock’s voice. That made John laugh.
“I am so sorry, Cara. I don’t know what’s gotten into him.” I found a table for us to set our things on while the kids sprinted for the swing set. I set down the cool box with the sandwiches I’d brought for all of us. Hamish has a peanut allergy, and it was just easier to bring something along rather than find a place kid-friendly for our afternoon out.
Sherlock whimpered at the desperation in John’s voice and he pushed closer to John’s warmth. He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder as he pulled Sherlock down and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s lips. “Easy. Watch my shoulder. One push too hard, and I probably won’t be able to breathe.” John laughed against Sherlock’s mouth as he cupped his face and tickled his left ear with his thumb. “Christ, I love you.”
“She told me some of it. I saw enough on my own. He was always so angry. I watched him break two reclining chairs. Picked them up and threw them on the floor until the springs broke. He broke a faucet in our loo, too. I tried to tell her she deserved better. Told her when I got home from the Army, that she could live with me. She told me to mind my business. Their marriage wasn’t my business. She never understood how that hurt my feelings. My father figured out that I’d figured HIM out when I was about ten. I became the arsehole of the family. The black sheep. I’d hear them talking about me behind my back. Terrible things. I told them it hurt my feelings; they told me to stop spying on their conversations. It was always my fault.”
“I would love to have you inside of me. I just don’t want you to overdo and hurt yourself.”
“Yup! Got it, Papa!”
They woke two hours later, a bit after nine. Rosie was snoring softly, and it seemed Sherlock was as well. John woke sandwiched between his little girl and his best friend. The proximity of his best friend was unexpected, but he laid there and thought about the situation for a few seconds. He hadn’t felt this safe in a very long time. Sherlock was draped along his back, his left hand still cupped around his shoulder, still holding the now warm ice pack. John tilted his head back and saw Sherlock’s right hand was touching his hair. His fingers were splayed across John’s forehead. He chuckled as quietly as his feelings would let him. He felt his hair rub against Sherlock’s face.
“If you let yourself be happy, that’s a very vulnerable thing to let yourself have. If you like something, LOVE something, it can be taken from you. I don’t have much more to lose. Wow. I just heard myself say that out loud. I’ve never said that to Ella. Haven’t had the chance to say it to my new therapist. Probably would’nt’ve felt right to say that to anyone else but you. You are so key to my happiness, you know that?”
Cara inhaled a long breath through her nose, appearing to be deciding on something. She exhaled it quickly through her mouth. “If I remind you so much of Sherlock, and you’re straight, why don’t you fancy me?”
“I’m not sure why, but it seems like there shouldn’t be eyes in the flat right now.”
“Yes! Of course! Rosamund! How would you like to go an adventure with us this afternoon?”
“You’re?”
John laid there, holding Sherlock in his arms and he started to laugh. Sherlock felt him. He swallowed four times before he was able to speak.
“You cannot laugh! That will only encourage her!”
“I always mean what I say. I’m here to help.”
So Sherlock did.
“I’d certainly like to try to be. I was under the impression I was in here to assist you with your first shower since your surgery. Was I lured in here under false pretences?”
“All right. Here we go, then. Three. Two.” Sherlock looked down at John’s scrunched up face.
“You will find that I’m severely lacking in relationship experience. I’m not used to pet names or endearments.”
“She’s going to be tough and strong and smart, just like her parents.”
“We’re not talking about the same thing right now, are we?”
“Three more, John, and you’re done. Almost there.” Sherlock is watching John’s face for a tell; to see if he should have John stop or bear down and keep going. John’s trying very hard not to let the pain show on his face. Instead of verbalising his pain, he said:
“Thank you, sweethea… oh shit.” John’s eyes grew wide in horror.
“I know he is. And you’re his. But today? What I saw? That wasn’t just two mates who like hanging out with one another. You two? That’s some next-level shit.”
“How do you always smell so good?” They both asked the other as if they’d rehearsed it.
Oh, God; an endearment. John’s sleep-softness was difficult for Sherlock to process and that caused him to release a jittered breath. John kissed his neck, beginning to sense everything that was happening to the man in his arms. They’d spoken the night before of Sherlock’s inexperience with physical intimacy. John had never equated it with a lack of emotional intimacy before this moment.
Sherlock settled Rosie on the sofa and started a film for her. He wanted to check on John and give him his dinner plate.
"I don't know, can you?"
“Together, like we were meant to be. John! Yes!” Sherlock spilt his release on his own stomach and pelvis. John could feel Sherlock contracting around his cock and the inhalation that forced itself into Sherlock’s burning lungs.
Sherlock’s demeanour immediately softened at the sight. He reached for John’s hands and took them in his own.
“Rose? Why don’t you go play in our room for a bit while Sherlock and I get supper ready, hmmm?” John had his soldier face on. Sherlock was more worried than he had been two minutes ago.
"If you get a report of a stolen flower, can you make it disappear? Sherlock involved my daughter in the theft of a scientifically important flower."
“I should have thanked you for everything you've done for me, despite how I thought you'd react to it.”
A laugh escaped John without permission. The shaking of his head was now due to Sherlock’s obvious sweetness. But, the laughter came with a price.
“You made me aware of that fact last night, John. But, by all means.”
While content to stew in his own grim imaginings, Sherlock begrudgingly disentangled his long fingers from their tight grasp and offered his left hand to John. Carefully, John got most of his hand around Sherlock’s palm and gave it a light press, his thumb sliding gently across Sherlock’s fingers.
“Were his reactions to Hamish and me stopping by today any different than normal?”
“I’ll get you sorted, John. Just give me a moment.” Sherlock used his other hand to look up ‘concussions’ online to see what he should do.
“For the last time, and not just for tonight, I hope. You moved in here with your daughter so we could hope to achieve a semblance of what we had before I fell. You are here. Rosie is here. I am here. I want to be. I want to help you. And Rosie if she needs me. Now come over here and sit and I’ll help you get your arm out of your sleeve so we can get this Icy Hot on you.”
Sherlock began to snap his hips as John’s cock began to weep from its tip. Sherlock was panting against John’s shoulder, no longer able to coordinate his mouth to kiss at John’s body.
“I think I should be the one to say something then: I’m sorry that this was in doubt for you until a minute ago. I thought you knew. I thought you knew how important you are to both of us. You’ve been helping me raise her for the last two years; you let us move back into this flat with you. You’ve helped me so much, I couldn’t even be able to quantify it. Your support has been off-the-charts incalculable. We would be lost without you. I would be lost without you. In fact, I have been lost without you once before, and I’d rather not relive that again.” John took a breath, and it appeared that Sherlock had yet to take one of his own since John began to speak.
Sherlock knew what that meant.
“This happened!” John held his hand in the air above his head and frantically shook it about. “I’m an idiot. I’m busy telling you to get out of here, and I’m so stupid, I start picking at the glass instead of just getting the broom as I’d said. Shit! That’s in there pretty good!” He brought his hand back down to chest level and winced as he watched the blood ooze around the protrusion and begin to drip onto his wrist.
“Get over here! I need a nurse to help me with this ice pack! It keeps flopping off my shoulder. And now I have this little monkey here, so I can’t hold it in place myself!” He softly tickled Rosie’s side as she settled in beside him. She tucked her head against his chest and was quickly ensconced in John’s half embrace. Sherlock felt a pang at that visual. Even though he had no reason for feeling it.
“Now you’re catching on.”
“That medication is going to ruin our sex life. I’ve very much liked our sex life until I started taking it.”
“I think I can do this for you tonight. I want you to be able to feel how I feel when you do this for me. Would that be all right?” John tried to disguise the pleading look on his face. He didn’t want to pressure Sherlock into doing something he wasn’t ready for. This would be his first time.
John just held him in his arms and kissed his neck, his hair; he dragged his thumb across the top of Sherlock’s hand where they laid on his stomach. Instead of talking, Sherlock’s body was telling him all he needed to know. John thought a funny story would help things along a bit:
“I would like to freshen up before...before whatever it is we’re about to do.”
He resumed thrusting, and after less than a minute, the pace was becoming uncoordinated and erratic.
“I would love that.” We sat in silence for close to ten minutes; my arm around John’s shoulder, and his hair against my neck. John pushed his face against my bicep and nuzzled me before he spoke again.
It was all over John’s face, and there was no use in attempting to hide his distress from Sherlock. He surveyed John’s body language and immediately herded Rosie into their bedroom and gave her Sherlock’s old tablet and started a film for her. He barely made it into the sitting room before John was in his arms, the sling between them. They moved back to the sofa, removed the sling, and Sherlock held John as he wept. Mary had been dead for almost three years, but Sherlock also shed a few tears in her memory. Without her sacrifice, he and John might not be where they were now. They’ve been able to put her death into perspective, and are usually more at ease when memories of her are brought back to the forefront of their lives. This time was a bit different for them.
“To be honest, we’d love to discuss that with the two of you, if you’re up to hearing the story.”
“I’m not sure. Do you?” ribbed Sherlock. John pinched him.
“We would be if we were talking about showering together at some point this evening.”
And just like that, their voices were found once again.
“Thank you for wanting to raise your daughter with me. Thank you for seeing something in me that no one had ever seen before you. Thank you for marrying me and making my life so endlessly fascinating. Also, thanks for all the orgasms. They’re pretty great, too, I guess.” He winked at John through heavy-lidded eyes. John crawled over his body and Sherlock lifted his arms and his upper back from the bed. John slipped his remaining bonds over his head and Sherlock fell back to the bed with a thump. His eyes were closing in spite of his intent to speak.
Sherlock stood there stupidly, as John tried to wake himself properly. Now was as good a time as any to fill that glass.
“Of course! You and Hamish are a frequent topic of conversation.”
“You were obviously clumsy. You dropped a beaker!”
“SHIT!” she exclaimed with spite. John was helpless to stifle the laugh that roared it’s way past his mouth.
John unseated himself, Sherlock’s cock slipping from his heat. Sherlock was on his back, John astride his hips. Sherlock continued to thrust up, searching for the friction he’d had a moment ago. John put his hands on Sherlock’s thighs, tried to ground him enough to speak to him. He finally became aware of the different feelings his body was having.
“I know. I dread having to explain all of this to Rosie one day. She’s going to ask one of us, and I still don’t know what I’m going to say.”
“Most people who met me, after I’d first met you, assumed that you and I were together. Mrs. Hudson at the flat; Mycroft when he sorta kidnapped me; Angelo... I was an insensitive prick. I was only concerned with my own feelings instead of taking yours into account as well. All those people knew you, knew who you were, and I was just clueless.”
“Can we, you know…? He gave a slow thrust, his hard cock dragging across John’s pubic hair and belly.
All Rosie could manage was a soft nod as she pressed her head further against her father’s chest.
With just a few sentences, Sherlock was able to move John to tears. They rolled down his temple and into his ears. The enormity of what they were finally discussing took the tenacity from both of their voices.
“Or sad?”
As if magnetised and inexplicably drawn to him, Sherlock immediately pressed to John’s side, pushing his forehead against the curve of John’s neck.
“Yes. Yes. Yes! John! Oh yes! Oh, John!” Sherlock tightened around John’s cock, threw his head back, and reached his apogee.
“Is he aware of that?”
“Christ. I can’t believe anyone who’s met you believes that bollocks of you being a sociopath.” John clambered to his knees and put his arms around Sherlock’s back; his soft hair back under his jaw. Sherlock let himself be held and lost a bit of his bluster at the sudden contact of their naked bodies.
“As I got older, I could see what was happening. The manipulation; the gaslighting. Would tell her to stop worrying, when she was clearly suffering from anxiety. Made fun of her if she got upset and cried about something. Yelled at her in supermarkets.”
“You ‘k, Da?
“I did just say you didn’t have to ask permission, did I not?”
John led me to the battered couch. “Can I get you anything? Are you due for a pain pill?”
She should be a detective. She can practically read my mind. “No worries. I can bring Rosie to my house and she and Hamish can hang out a bit. Maybe a sleepover if things go well with you and Sherlock.”
“And why would something that momentous cause John to panic a bit?”
“I think detecting might be the second best thing we do together. You have been present for all of our sexual encounters, have you not?” Sherlock could only laugh at that, thankful that Rosie wouldn’t be able to understand what they were talking about. At least for another year or so.
“We’ve been in an accident.”
He woke John three hours later and made John finish the glass of water and swallow down two more paracetamol. He asked him the day of the week and the current name of their country's monarch. He didn’t know the answer to either question; he was just watching John as he answered. Complete confidence in his voice. That was good enough for Sherlock. He left for a few minutes to refill the glass and get some more ice. He resumed his position underneath John in their bed and let him sleep against his chest once more.
Sherlock waited for John to slide over a bit so Sherlock’s bum had room by his side.
“You now. Off. Those trousers need to go. I’ve been wanting to see those legs of yours for so long. Lemme see them, Sherlock.” John stepped back to give Sherlock a bit of space. And plenty of time to change his mind.
Sherlock surged forward and softly licked at John’s mouth. He opened his mouth to laugh at Sherlock’s eagerness, and Sherlock was nipping at John’s tongue and using his own to inelegantly explore John’s mouth. John smiled against Sherlock’s mouth. “Hang on, hang on. Slow down a bit!” He brought his right hand to Sherlock’s cheek. No rushing. Let’s slow things a little, all right?”
“Whatever for?”
“All in all, a pretty good evening,” offered John.
“I’m around you all the time. Your poshness has begun to influence me.” He sat up a bit, but let Sherlock hold him against his chest. The sound of Sherlock’s heartbeat enough to slow his own.
“Surely you’ve figured it out.”
“I think you’ll be able to do more than ‘attempt’.”
24, May 2023
“You’re making me dizzy. Stop fluttering about and sit here with me.” John patted the sofa cushion next to himself. “If I fall asleep here, I’d like to tilt towards and land against your shoulder, if you don’t mind.”
“Are we going to have our days planned out like this forever? Appointments and errands and chores?” Sherlock sounded wistful as he settled in John’s arms. ‘In John’s arms.’ What a heady thought.
I thought maybe it was time to talk. “John, did you see me while I was away? Like you’re seeing Mary?”
“I need to see your face for a second, come here, love.” Sherlock did as he was beckoned. As John’s face swam into view, Sherlock could see that things were worse than he’d thought.
Sherlock entered the sitting room and made his way to John with a tea tray and a plate of chocolate digestives, John’s favourite.
Rosie toddled into the room and clambered onto a chair, with John close behind her. John walked up behind Sherlock and slid his right arm around his belly. “Are you okay?” John whispered.
“You just seem to be in unfortunate proximity when she does decide to check on me. She knows how I feel about you. How much I love you. She’s been encouraging. Told me to tell you. You’ve beaten me to it.”
They fell asleep that way; Sherlock in John’s arms. When they awoke, their positions had shifted during the night. John was pressed to Sherlock’s back, his left arm across Sherlock’s belly. Their hands found each other even in sleep, their fingers weaved together.
“I still can't explain it. You're like me, but also the complete opposite of me. You're a paradox; a puzzle that I keep finding pieces of when I thought I was finished putting you all together."
“Only?”
“Sherlock. Rosie is here with us. I’ve been out of that sling for two weeks. I can’t lift a gallon of milk with my left side yet. If she is involved, and she runs, you’re going to want to chase her. She may still have the weapon used to create this case. I don’t fancy getting stabbed tonight. I’d rather you didn’t, either. And I’d really rather not have either of us explaining what happened to the other to Rosie. I’m sure that conversation is coming, but I’d rather it be after I’m able to hold her in my arms again without you helping me.”
“She almost took him from both of you and Mycroft and Eurus. She almost took him from me! I wanted you both to know that it was her before I ask you a question. I want Sherlock to be her father. I want him to stand beside me and raise her. I would be honoured if you’d consider being her grandparents.”
“Well, don’t let me stop you.” John sat back from my chest but was still facing me. I nodded for him to continue.
They embraced again, and Sherlock held John until he fell asleep.
“Just lean back against me. I’ve got you.” Sherlock’s hand continued its downward journey until he reached John’s half-hard cock. After a few delicate sweeps of his palm, Sherlock got to work. He let his fingertips dance across John’s belly, then back down to John’s prick. John’s right arm twisted itself until he was able to get his hand back on Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock nipped and licked and kissed John’s neck as his hand continued to wrap and squeeze around John’s cock.
“I’m trying to concentrate, here. You’re distracting me.”
“Give it to me! Christ! How are you supposed to turn the cap off with one hand?” John begrudgingly handed the tube to Sherlock. He heard the click of the cap, heard the (somewhat funny) squirting sound, and then Sherlock’s right hand was on his shoulder, massaging the gel into his skin. A moan escaped John’s mouth. Then John bit his bottom lip and cringed.
Sherlock wasn’t laughing.
“For what?”
Sherlock had never heard the song before. He had no idea who Neil Diamond was. But he was sure, that for the rest of his days, he’d remember this moment as one of the happiest of his life. He snapped a photo, freezing this moment for all of them. He was the only one with a mind palace, after all.
“Not gonna sleep, S’lock.” John slurred in spite of himself.
They’re all crowded in the Holmes’ kitchen. Mr. and Mrs., Sherlock, John, and Rosie. Mr. Holmes made them all dinner, and, as per their agreement, Mrs. Holmes is doing the dishes.
There were light blue candles lit on their night tables and across the room on their dressing table. The reflection of the flames refracted around the room by the glass door of their bathroom. Sherlock was on his back, his legs around John’s hips. John had been frantically thrusting a moment ago, but now he was lying on Sherlock’s chest and belly, shaking his head in frustration.
Our song keeps runnin on!
“So, here’s what I was thinking while you were in the shower: we’ve both been recently tested, me, right before my surgery, and you, a few months ago when we weren’t sure about your iron levels. We’re both negative for any STDs. We can forgo a condom if you’d like. If not, I may still have some upstairs in my night table. I’m also thinking this time, because of my shoulder, I would love it if you would be the penetrating partner. I can be here on my back. That should eliminate any possibility of me re-injuring myself. Does that sound all right to you?”
“Shall we try it out?” Sherlock just blinked some more.
They shifted her around a bit until she was snug in the curve of John’s right elbow. He slowly took to the stairs and the duo made it to the top safely while Sherlock sat on his bed and waited to hear the tell-tale sounds of floorboards creaking overhead. He released a loaded sigh when he heard the first wooded squeak.
“I could have, but that word is a bit vulgar.”
John’s thrusts were slow and short. Enough to tap Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock writhed, a sheen of sweat formed across his torso and forehead. John kissed and kitten-licked at Sherlock’s face.
“As long as you’re holding me, that’s all that really matters, isn’t it?”
Sherlock chuckled hard enough to jostle the bed. John could feel it vibrate through Sherlock's chest.
“You’re remarkable, you know.”
Sherlock nodded and pushed himself towards John who opened his arms. “Oh. That’s the stuff. Let me hold onto you for a little while okay?” John’s right hand went up and down Sherlock’s back as his left found its way to Sherlock’s hair. The hand on Sherlock’s backstopped on its trail, feeling the raised lines of Sherlock's scars. Luckily, Sherlock couldn’t see his face. That was something they definitely need to talk about. But not right now. This was not the time for what was sure to be a gut-wrenching conversation. They laid that way for a short time, John sensing Sherlock’s apprehension as soon as he’d stepped into the bedroom. Sherlock relaxed in his arms as he kissed John’s neck and cheek. John kissed his forehead and scratched tenderly across Sherlock’s scalp. They went on that way for a bit until John could feel Sherlock’s erection poking his belly.
“If you’ve got an experiment on or, if you wanted to watch Rosie’s film in the sitting room, I should be fine.”
“I’m just like him.”
“I don’t understand. We both know what to expect. There shouldn’t be too many surprises.” John continued to slide his thumb across Sherlock’s fingers. With every stroke, he could feel a bit of tension leave Sherlock’s body.
“I think so?” John was befuddled despite himself.
On an inhale, John said, “I think dinner might be ready soon. Would you mind feeding her? I'd like to lie down for a bit with an ice pack. Get the swelling down before bed.” They walked together to the bathroom door and Sherlock pushed him back inside.
“That was rather quick-thinking on your part, John. At the front door.”
Through gritted teeth: “Is your vision okay? Double vision? Having trouble focusing?”
“Stop diminishing what I’m saying. You’re fantastic. I don’t say it enough, so I’m going to say it all the time.”
“Usually when people reach the age where they stop being kind to you.”
“Will not.” John yawned.
“Oh! Hello, love. Sorry I woke you! Would you like to go up to bed now?”
“That could be arranged.”
“See what?”
“I don’t just do it for you; I do those things for myself, as well. You know how selfish I am. If something were to happen to you, I would never survive it. Especially if there had been a way for me to prevent you from coming to harm. Being killed...” He shivered in John’s embrace.
“You’re a good girl, Rose. Give Papa a kiss!” Sherlock struggled against the forming tears.
“Fine. You can help me with the vegetables first. I can manage the lasagne with one hand. I think I can get through all the noodles without a knife.”
I nodded to affirm his statement.
“Nasal mucus! HA! Couldn't you just say ‘snot’?” John’s body was shaking the bed, his laugher uncontrolled.
Sherlock smelled it immediately and then his hands instantly went to John’s body and began feeling around. His phone was thrown around somewhere in the car, so he didn’t have access to a torch, and the sun was setting around them.
“Mary?”
“Lean back against me, love. Let me have your leg a mo’, yeah?” Sherlock was bewildered but did as he was asked. John grasped Sherlock’s left knee and set his leg down behind his own thigh; his foot flat on the mattress.
“Christ, what does all of that even mean?” Sherlock was next to John on the bed. (Thank you, Mycroft, for the single occupant room.) John was combing his right hand through Sherlock’s hair. He pushed his forehead against John’s neck. John moved his hand from Sherlock’s hair and moved his arm around him instead.
“Daddy?”
“Please do.” Sherlock’s eyes met his, then drifted down towards the duvet.
“That’s very kind of you.”
“Would you mind…?”
“Family? Us?”
“I don’t think I did my job well enough. You’re able to talk sooner than you should be!” Sherlock’s words clutched at his lungs.
“We discussed this before we left home for this visit. I wanted you both to know...We’ve never told you because it never seemed to be the right time. And as time passed, it was harder and harder to bring it up and discuss it properly. But, before Sherlock and I take things further; at least as far as I’d like to take them...When Sherlock was shot; we both know who it was.”
My John took it in stride. “She sure seems to text you a lot.”
John’s head sprung up as though it were attached to a string and he was a puppet.
“Shit! Shit! Shit!” came a small voice from the other side of the door.
“Yeah, and-and John, guess what!” Jim’s smile would have reached the stars if it could have.
“I guess it’s a good thing you’re fucked up, little brother,” Harry said, flicking him on the back of the neck where his receptor was hidden by his hair line.
“Call this number,” Sherlock told him and threw Greg his phone with Mycroft’s information on it.
Mycroft's POV as he takes care of the mess his brother made.
“I trust you,” he heard from below him and when John finally made eye contact he could see that look in his eye again that meant he was focusing on his faults instead of Sherlock. It was time to teach John Hamish Watson a lesson in self-worth. The detective gave a sharp thrust with his hips, feeling the boy’s smaller hard cock rub up against his larger one and the stomach below him sucked in from the shock.
“I’ll say.”
“Hey!” John said angrily, but the small smile on his face belied his actions.
“What, you can’t tell me that’s not fascinating. And I’m the first one to discover it.” He held the glass of juice to John’s lips, nudging them slightly open. When the vampire still didn’t drink, Sherlock cupped the back of his head, tilting him forward. “You need something in you. Now, drink.”
In less than five minutes, Sherlock had removed the hard shell of both casts and started unwrapping the protective cloth exposing pale skin. “Wonderful, how do they feel John?” Sherlock asked rubbing his hands over the skin, sending shivers up John’s spine at the first contact the skin had seen in a month. “Hmmm, sensitive I see,” the man chuckled, “perhaps I should lock your cock up so it can’t be touched for a month.”
Chapter 8 – Burn Down the Mission
“Shut up,” Sherlock grumbled, cradling his arm to his chest when Mycroft was done wrapping it gently with the gauze.
“Sherlock…” John could feel the man’s hard cock pressing against his lower back, anxious about what would happen next. It had hurt last time, yes, but that didn’t change the fact that he felt needed and so close Sherlock had made love to him that he thought the man might consume him. And that felt good.
Sherlock stewed for only a moment, crossing his arms over his chest. “Fine, let’s go home.”
John let Sherlock wrap him up in a brand new wool coat. The key word, being ‘let,’ as John could have punched the Dom in the gut and put on his own damn coat, thank you very much. It just seemed easier this way, though, to just hold his arms out and let Sherlock pull the warm material over him.
“It’s alright, John. Here, let me help you,” Mycroft offered, as he picked up the cup and held it to the younger man’s lips. “Slowly,” he instructed, when John attempted to gulp it down in one loud slurp.
“Mmm,” John grunted in affirmative, “yeah, made first string goalie for varsity.”
John had a confused look on his face, until his gaze drifted to the vein in Sherlock’s neck. For a moment, Sherlock thought this might have been a bad idea to test John in front of Greg. But when the vampire’s eyes stayed blue, he knew everything was going to be alright.
John just stared at the man. He was still a bit confused, but John just chalked it up to the morphine they were pumping into him.
Mycroft sighed. John would bet everything he had, w
“John!” Jim shouted, putting a hand on his arm and looking at Irene to do something.
“Did you like it?”
“Shhh,” he whispered into the soft hair, stroking John’s back in slow circles and waiting until the loud sobs turned into quite sniffling.
“What did you do then?”
“Sit,” the older man said, his eyes growing dark, forcing a beautiful
“I’ll let you do the tests, if you’ll at least let me out of the chains,” John changed his tactic. He knew Sherlock was right, damn it, and it was such an unfair advantage.
To John’s surprise, the flesh in his mouth just tasted like clean hot skin. Luckily they had both cleaned off,
“I have some other work that needs to be taken care of,” he told the lady, then turned his gaze upon Sherlock. “I expect this to go smoothly, Sherlock, so do behave yourself. I will be in my office when you are done, then we can show young John here around the facility.”
“Oh, God, I’m so sorry,” John panicked when he saw the obscene white goo splattered on the man’s cheek and chin. Before he could reach the flannel to wipe it off, however, Sherlock pulled his finger over his face and licked the come off greedily with a wide grin.
“Alright,” he said, washing away those thoughts that haunted him. He could help Sherlock, help Mycroft, make his mistake better, make it so the two brothers could still have one another. “Let’s begin.”
Chapter 3 – Something I need
John scoffed. There was no way they could hurt him, not while he was so full of blood. But, he had Sherlock to worry about. He couldn’t allow them up here to bother him while he’s recuperating. John reached over and felt a shallow pulse on Sherlock’s throat.
but John didn’t really care. He’d just made a plan with the Resistance and there was nothing Mycroft could do about it.
John closed his eyes; the pain like a dagger splitting him open was in the back of his mind, preventing him from concentrating. He thought about the little bump on his neck. How it felt when Sherlock touched him on his nape. How his toes and fingers tingled and his tummy felt warm. And just like that, the horrible pain in his shoulder began to die down to a mere ache.
Sherlock paced back and forth, his hand running spastically through his hair while his teeth gnawed at his lower lip. It wasn’t fair, and not only wasn’t it fair, it was wrong, plain and simple. John couldn’t survive without him, it wasn’t just one of those meaningless sayings boy’s used to get someone in bed, no, this was a scientific fact that his boy had become dependent on him. John was strong of course, that’s why he picked him, but now, Sherlock had whittled away at those sturdy legs, carving them into ornate sculptures of what the boy used to be and now…now there was nothing there to support him.
He cried, and cried, and cried, and cried until he finally fell asleep lying in the fetal position at the bottom of the tub.
“I won’t ever break your heart, I promise,” John’s smile became wider, removing any residual pain from Sherlock’s heart and finally bringing his mind to rest once again.
Hey everyone! Thanks for all the comments and kudos, I appreciate all the support.
“You’re a terrible liar, John, you’re just too sweet,” Sherlock kissed him on the top of the head, making John angry because no teenage boy liked to be called sweet. He poked the man in the ribs playfully, giving his best and most threatening glare.
Again, Mycroft paused, sneering at the delicate situation and debating whether he could trust the DI. The inspector had been a great asset last time, helping and coaching Victor through his lines of ‘amnesia’ to protect both Sherlock and the boy. However, he was a man of the law and there was only so much one could push before a relationship cracked and turned ugly. “Yes, send him John’s file and tell him I will be in touch once I further investigate Sherlock’s relations with this boy.”
The boy squirted some green goo into his palm and placed it back on the shelf, staring at the chest in front of him.
“Done!” Sherlock said, a note of pleasure in his voice as if he had just finished a rather troublesome experiment. “So beautiful,” the words were matched by a deep sigh of relief on John’s part as the pain turned into nothing but a dull deep ache. “My John,” Sherlock growled happily, a noise John had become quite familiar with over the past six months. The same hand that had held him down during, whatever it was Sherlock had done to him, was now stroking gently down John’s spine.
John gulped audibly and moved closer to Sherlock, basically attaching himself if he was able.
Sherlock merely growled low in his throat, focused only on the blood flooding his head and roaring in his ears. Then, like he was a helpless infant, John grabbed his lower jaw, pulling down until Sherlock’s fangs withdrew from Mycroft’s arm. The human stumbled back, his face flushed from the calming drugs Sherlock was pumping into his system.
“Good morning,” Mycroft said, looking up from his bagel. His arm was out of its sling, but he still held it to his body, protecting it. He looked over John and Sherlock carefully, until finally, he approved and nodded his head. “It will need to be a quick breakfast. Lestrade will be here in five minutes.”
“No, Sherlock, I really don’t,” Greg said, looking back at John with a sad expression on his face. “I wish you would have never shown me this.”
Within a half a second, adrenaline shot through the Sub, clearing any post Sub-drop haze. He was thrown back into his childhood home, hearing his parents shouting at each other and at Harry while he hid under his covers, clutching his stuffed dog tightly to his chest. Not wanting to lose himself, John shook his head and punched the wall, letting the pain in his knuckles bring him back to the here and now, where he wasn’t a scared weak little boy.
I hope you enjoy the new chapter! It is un-betad, so please forgive any mistakes.
John closed his eyes, inhaling through his nose to find a sweet and spicy scent coming from the Dom’s shirt.
He pulled away, licking the area to clean off the excess blood and close the wound. Sherlock whined and went limp in his hold, making John smile. His human was worn out, and now it was time to make sure he was safe and sound so he could replenish his blood supply.
Before he could even finish his own thought, pain shot threw him, the surprise making him bite deeper into the soap and his back to slide down more, forcing more strain on his thighs.
John giggled at how crazy the thought sounded but it actually made sense.
There were glimpses, little flickers, which made the lights shine bright in his mind palace when he saw his John come out, becoming completely vulnerable. It was those moments when John would ask him not to leave the bed, or to hold him just a moment longer that drove Sherlock’s mind to find the quickest and most painless way to once and for all rid the thoughts plaguing his boy’s mind. Then, as proof that the Gods were still on his side, a plan arose, dropping right into his lap in the form of four serial murders.
John was proud that he was able to keep the horrified whimpers from escaping his throat, but was sure his face had turned pale of its own accord.
“S-So what do we do now,” John asked him tentatively.
“Your Doms?” Irene asked, quirking her eyebrow. “John, I think that collar has gone to your head, sweetheart. Don’t worry, we have the proper medical equipment to take care of both your and Jim’s collar situation. Maggie,” she said, pressing a button on the phone on her desk.
Then, for the first time in his life, the heavens answered his prayer. A large hand landed on his head, stroking through his sweaty hair. “’S okay, John,” the deep voice rumbled through Sherlock’s chest, “don’t cry.”
His sire walked towards him, his hips swaying dramatically to tease Sherlock. “Oh for fuck’s sake!” Greg groaned, walking over to Mycroft to kneel by his side. The human’s didn’t matter anymore though, no, all that mattered was John was coming to take care of him.
You and me, we go in style”
John felt the head of Sherlock’s cock press against him. He inhaled a long breath, and Sherlock deduced what he was doing. Of course he did. Sherlock pushed inside as John exhaled and he whined. It was a lovely sound.
John rolled up the sleeve of his jumper and he pushed his left arm a bit over his chest, palm facing down. “I need you to grab my wrist and pull it towards the right side of my body. It feels like it’s only a partial dislocation.”
“You can’t see yourself. If you could, you would immediately cease in your malignant self-recrimination. What just happened? That was --- resplendent. Majestic. Sublime. Nirvanic. Transcendent…”
“What it WILL be, Sherlock. You’ve my word on that.” Sherlock settled in John’s embrace and let out a sigh.
Recently, Rosie had developed an affinity for fish. She saw a telly advertisement for London Aquarium less than a week ago. She shouted out during the commercial, while John was trying to read up on his emails and look for any comments on his relatively dormant blog: ‘Daddy! Daddy! Wook! Fishies!!!”
They sat in silence for a few minutes as John ate and sipped at his tea. Sherlock just watched him, saying nothing; until he couldn’t hold it back anymore:
“Is that normal?”
“Christ. You were.”
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand in response, words feeling superfluous.
"I know how you worried. How you still worry. I’m doing so much better. I took that sling off during the appointment and when she told me I could leave it off, my shoulder almost felt normal again. Until I went to make my first turn with both hands. That sent me right back to Earth. But, you did that. Don’t sell yourself short, Sherlock. WIthout you, and all you did for me, I’d hate to think where I’d be right now. I could put my arms around Rosie today. I missed that from the moment I saw her after my surgery. One-armed hugs are a poor substitute."
“No, it’s not so bad. Just a bit sore. I'll just eat like an American for a bit and put my fork back in my left hand after using a knife until it feels better." John gave him an obvious wink. Sherlock’s mouth curved into a smile, despite the worry wrinkling his forehead and the sadness crinkling the soft spot between his eyebrows. John watched him flutter about the kitchen and attempted to guess what he thought had happened and what might yet be happening. There was a reason why Sherlock was the detective and John was his Boswell.
“We can smell it on each other, John. Gaydar is a thing. Or in this case, Bi-dar.” Cara leant forward, her left elbow settling on the table, her left thumb under her chin and her index finger at her eyebrow. Smugness all over her face. Her beautiful face. But when I looked at her, I didn’t get that swoopy feeling I’d normally get with someone I’m falling for. I only get that feeling for one person.
Sherlock actually looked frightened the longer John spoke. John sensed his fear immediately.
“I will never hesitate to protect you. Why are you surprised?” His tone was very matter-of-fact with a touch of annoyance.
“Ready?”
“Sherlock, it’s seven in the morning.”
“We take care of each other, remember?’
“If you tell anyone about this, I will end you.”
This was their first time talking about this. Since they became intimate, John had always been the receiving partner, Sherlock fearing for John’s shoulder.
“Sherlock? I think I’ve got a bit of sauce or something on my chin. Could you get me a servi…?
“Don’t be obvious, but would you mind looking across the street? A young woman, light hair, jeans, tight jumper, open coat. She’s been here since we arrived. Hasn’t moved from the spot."
I wasn’t sure how much I should tell her, so I only mentioned the important stuff, minus the gun.
John silenced the daft plonker with a soft kiss to his lips.
They laid there together while they rested to catch their breath. John reached for and found Sherlock’s left hand, and tangled their fingers together. He grasped it tightly and brought their hands to his mouth and kissed each of Sherlock’s fingers.
“Sounds to me like she could see it, too.”
Rosie climbed onto the seat of her chair and John got his right forearm under her bum and hefted her to his chest. The music now blared through the tinny speaker. Sherlock turned to watch his loves.
“There’s so much wrong. But us? We’ve always felt right. Even when we wanted to throttle each other.” He raised an eyebrow at me. Evidently, John didn’t know that I occasionally wanted to strangle him.
As they made their way around the coffee table for the sixth time, Sherlock bellowed from the kitchen, his neck still tilted towards the table, eyes looking through his microscope, “John? What do you want for dinner tonight? I’ll call for a takeaway.”
“Hoo, hoo!” Mrs Hudson cooed from the hallway side of our flat’s door. She tapped on the door three times. I ignored her. I heard her key turning in the lock. I’d temporarily forgotten she was our landlady and had her own keys. I’ve always felt she was closer to being a mother to me than a landlady. She’s also always been more than a housekeeper, but don’t tell her that. I very much enjoy her protestations to ever stop her saying them.
They settled back on the bed, but both lying on their backs, the ceiling seemed to be the safest place for their gazes to lay. They laid in silence for a while, the occasional wet sniff followed by the brush of a hand across wet eyes. Once they calmed themselves, John broke the silence.
“I don’t know how to reply.”
I leant away from her, my back bowing over my own arse. “You’re full of shit.
“Do you want a bit more lube, Sherlock?”
“May I? Can I see your back? Please?”
For the more modern take on anniversary customs, Sherlock decided on a glass
“John. John. John.” He continued to press uncoordinated kisses to John’s injured shoulder. As he became more comfortable, his hips began a lovely rhythm.
“I’m just giving you your reward for doing your therapy. Twice a day you do the work, twice a day you get this.”
“I had to. Literally. Now I can say I’ve said that to both Watsons.” Sherlock tried so hard not to laugh.
“Haven’t you done enough?”
“I think we were both pretty brave tonight, wouldn’t you agree?”
“If it’s not okay, I can stop.”
“Are you truly okay? Your eye still looks like it’s painful.”
I reached across the space between us and took John’s hands in mine. I squeezed them gently and tried to keep the tears that were forming in my eyes from falling. He was already struggling; he didn’t need me to make it worse.
“Ma-whee!!!”
“Okay. Foot’s off the pedal.” John reached across the car and grasped Sherlock’s hand. “We’re slowing down. You were right. Now, more importantly, I need your help in finding her car, because she must've turned off on a side street or someth…”
“Holy shit. That’s a long time. But, I think I can handle it.”
Rosie clung to one of Molly's legs and squeezed. “Ma-whee! Come pway!” Sherlock came back into the room and collected the pastries bag and set it on the kitchen table and then rejoined everyone in the sitting room.
“Not exactly a princess, at least not in my time with her, but I get your meaning.”
“John, your legs are caught underneath the steering column and the driver’s side door. Your seat has also been contorted.” He couldn’t reach the seat controllers, as they were on the door side of the seat, and had most likely been destroyed in the crash.
“Don’t keep me waiting. Please. I can’t do much in there without you anyway. Besides, the view in there without you is going to be sufficiently lacking in scenery.” John wiggled his rear-end and stepped gingerly into the shower. Banging his injured arm or shoulder at this point would effectively kill all the romance out of the evening. He flipped on the water and pulled the tap diverter and stepped under the spray as soon as it was warm enough. He got his face and hair wet before Sherlock sidled up behind him, his front pushed tightly to John’s back. He hooked his chin over John’s healthy shoulder.
“I’ll talk you through it, but we should probably start dinner before we head back there, okay?” John’s beseeching tone was unmistakable.
“Apparently not.” Sherlock deadpanned but John could feel Sherlock’s lips upturn against his neck.
“I’ve been ready for that for a very long time! Grab the lube and get a bit on your index finger for me.”
*************************************************
“Of course you knew what I was going to say.”
“Apparently, making normal sentences into questions is catching.” Sherlock just blinked.
“Because we’re both afraid to be happy. Let’s stop that immediately.”
“This is the easy part, Sherlock. The game changes when I wake up and you have to do almost everything for me for six to eight weeks!” He was met with silence. Attempting to lighten the mood with a few jokes did not work on Sherlock this time. He just sat beside John on the hard, plastic chair a foot from his bed, and watched Sherlock nervously wring his hands in his lap while he stared at the needle in John’s vein. John decided to try again.
Rosie dropped the pieces to her
“Oh shit! That still fucking hurts.”
They arrived at the scene twenty-three minutes later. SOCO was just finishing up as Lestrade had predicted. Rosie toddled over to Greg after he’d yelled “Hello!” at the three of them.
Happy Anniversary
“You want me to live with you for the rest of your life? You want me to be around Rosamund for her rearing?”
“No one has called me ‘sweetheart’ since I was a child. Sorry, John.”
“Continue those deep breaths, okay?” They both remembered the first time they did this, their roles reversed. John whirled his finger around Sherlock’s hole, getting it nice and wet, before he inserted his right index finger, to the first knuckle.
“You’re just fuelling this, John. That man back there? He loves you.” She gestured behind herself with her right thumb.
Sherlock hugged him closer. “I will always do my best to ease your self-recrimination. Sometimes, I won’t succeed. But I will always try.”
“And of course you should know that by now.”
“I love you, too, Rosamund. Very much.”
“We’ve begun a romantic relationship?” offered Sherlock.
John closed the door behind him and walked towards the bed. He then pounced on Sherlock and they both laughed. John was on all fours, hovering over Sherlock’s bound body. He ran a hand across the leather and kissed a spot on Sherlock's chest between the strapping.
“Bear down for me, Sherlock. That’s the way. Loosen up for me. Oh. Sherlock. That’s amazing. You feel so good. I knew you would. I knew this would be spectacular.”
Upon his return, Sherlock noticed that John did as he was advised. ‘Good. He remembered what I told him to do. That’s very good. He’s fine.’, he thought to himself. He removed his own clothes, got in beside John, and adjusted the flannel wrapped around the ice bag. He laid back and pulled John to him; laid John’s head on his chest and pressed the ice bag gently to the back of his head and held it there for him.
Their eyes held the other’s gaze for a few minutes, the moon shining through the gauze curtains. Sherlock cleared his throat, breaking the silence in the room: “I used to try so hard. I remembered things people told me. Names of their family members; their birthdays; things they liked and disliked. No one seemed to remember those things about me. Initially, I tried to not deduce people. I learned early on that that put people off. I turned off a part of myself, and no one seemed to notice that part of me was no longer shining. They just seemed relieved to not be under my deductive gaze.
Sherlock bows his head. This is John’s story to tell.
My windscreen had always been broken, but the rear-view mirror had always remained intact. I couldn’t see the future through the darkness of my past. But now? All I can see is straight ahead. I don’t want to look back anymore. At least not at the bad things. I know that isn’t realistic, but I want to try to look forward to our future, all it can be.”
“And myself as well.”
Cara’s very lovely eyes rolled towards her forehead. “Yikes.”
Must. Break. Brimming. Silence.
Molly walked through the entrance to 221B with a bag of pastries. (It also looked as though she was trying to smuggle something into the flat in a pie box.)
There were hugs and tears and details of how they finally ended up together.
**********************************************
“That was, for lack of a better word, amazing.”
Sherlock backed his way into the sitting room and then ran to the doorway and bent for their shoes when he thought to grab his leather gloves from his coat’s pocket. Those should help protect against any accidental cuts.
It had been a busy day tidying up the loose ends of a case at NSY with Greg and his team. Then they had to pick up Rosie early from school when she began showing early signs of a cold. After a stop at Boots for some medicine, they finally got her feeling better and down for the evening. It had not been easy.
Despite his nausea, he lunged for the treats and grimaced in spite of his enthusiasm. A large bite: “Oh! She is an absolute angel! We have to get something marvellous for Mrs. H to thank her for these and for watching Rosie! We don’t deserve her!” A few crumbs landed on his new brace.
“Am I scared to be happy, Sherlock?”
After a tense supper and watching telly with unseeing eyes, John went to bed. Sherlock joined him after a bit. He slid in beside John and John turned and Sherlock went straight into his arms.
“Oh. Sherlock. I love you in that. Your skin. It looks so beautiful against that colour. As much as I love seeing you in it, I would really love to see you out of it. Come here, love.” John patted the side of the bed he wasn’t occupying and lifted the duvet. He was already undressed. Sherlock gulped. As he walked towards the bed, he removed the dressing gown and hung it up on the hook on their door. He slipped beneath the sheets and duvet and turned to face John.
“But he’s not seen you with me. I have a child. You know what they say about people who date who have children. When the kids are involved with the new ‘friend’... Today was the first time I’ve been by your flat. Sherlock’s a genius. I’m assuming you’ve mentioned me before?”
“I hate to tell you this, John, but I think the way you’re feeling now, is probably going to be your new normal.” Sherlock looked at John and then the doctor. John’s face was frozen, impassive.
Since John was feeling a bit better, he and Sherlock discussed and then decided to go on a family outing; one where John would be able to take a break and sit if he got tired. He was taking fewer naps these days, but the fatigue of his recovery often caught up with him at odd times. Usually in Tesco when he and Sherlock were halfway (or less) finished with their shopping.
. Rosie had been wandering towards some lovely, dark-purple bell-shaped flowers. Almost like she was on a mission.
“Your eyes. They’re reflecting one of the candles. You have fire in your eyes.”
“It’s okay. I’m so close, too. Keep going. That’s it, love.”
Rosie stirred. “Yes, Daddy?”
Sherlock swallowed hard, but he remained silent. The touch of John’s fingers warming his chin; grounding him in that moment. Their moment.
He left himself relax as well, his eyes quickly growing heavy; his breathing falling in alongside John’s cadence. A full belly. A full heart. His eyes snapped open at this conclusion.
On their way home, John did a bit of what he was allowed to do: He drove them back to the flat, and Rosie was so excited to see him without the sling, she almost pitched a fit when they tried to leave her behind to do some food shopping.
Greg laughed at the absurdity of the picture their story painted. He gripped Rosie's hand and led her away from the scene so his consulting detectives could get to work. He was sure the version of events she was about to tell him would vary greatly from her parents’.
“I just hope she can sleep for a few hours. Just one hour, at this point, so we can, you know, do this...”
“I’ve got you and you’ve got me.”
I was unable to articulate a single word. I was only able to hold on to his hands as a few tears managed to escape.
They were all on the floor around the coffee table, Rosie standing, staring with wide-eyes at the colourful brochures.
As it always did, praise from John affected him in a very positive way.
Sherlock whined. Low in his throat. The sound made John’s hip press forward on their own instinct. Sherlock whined again. John could feel it vibrate through Sherlock’s body into his own.
Cara swiped at the corner of her mouth with a serviette, a bit of mayonnaise on her lower lip. “Are you being intentionally obtuse?” Her eyes grew wide as she held her sandwich in between us and pointed it in my general direction.
“I wasn’t sure I’d be able to get all trussed up in time before we collapsed from the day’s events. I almost fell asleep waiting for you.”
Molly and Sherlock could hear John fumbling about before he entered the kitchen.
“I am reliably informed that you are part of my family, and I’ll not have you talking of me in that way. You may, however, speak as ill of Mycroft as you please.”
“I don’t suppose you’d be able to go get me a spoon and a bowl, would you?” John’s face was filled with apprehension.
“Are you, Rose?
“Of course. I wouldn’t offer if I wasn’t serious.” Sherlock was a photographic example of the word smug.
“I know that sounds ridiculous. Especially to you, since you always said you thought my poetry was rubbish. But I mean it. I’ve seen so much, been through so much, and you have done nothing but sacrifice yourself for me. I’ve seen you do all you’ve done, and there was something in the back of my mind that kept telling me that you don’t feel things like that; you didn’t love people. Even though your actions disproved that theory over and over again. You didn’t run when I jumped on Moriarity’s back. You stepped off a roof and murdered your reputation to save me and the lives of others you care for. You walked straight into a fire to save me from dying in it while my fiancée stood and watched. You helped plan a wedding for the man you love because you thought someone else was better for him and his happiness. You shot someone in the head to protect someone who had shot you not long before, to protect me and the life you thought I should lead. You let yourself plummet to the depths of your addictions to pull me out of my own. You are the most selfless person I know. I’ve never said the words properly before tonight, but I’m going to get it right now: Thank you. For everything you’ve done for me, Sherlock. I cherish you. But, please, be careful with yourself. I could not bear it if I had to watch you die again.”
Before he could even finish asking for the serviette, Sherlock was reaching forward with his right hand, his thumb grazing across the drop of sauce clinging to John’s 5 o'clock shadowed chin.
“I’m so knackered but also starving. My arm is so numb, but it also hurts. Christ, this nerve blocker isn’t messing about.”
“Remember when you told me how I resemble Catherine Zeta-Jones?”
John could swear he saw tears in Sherlock’s eyes. He was blessedly quiet about that.
I leant forward this time. “I told you that my wife died, right?”
“You sound like him.”
“But. You were married. To a man.”
“On the count of three, yank hard for me?”
I felt like my face was giving the game away, but she’d taken me by such surprise, I couldn’t rebuff her in the slightest.
John began to slide his thumb across and back on the nape of Sherlock’s neck; to soothe him, to relax him. It appeared they were about to have ‘a talk’.
Sherlock reacted quickly and scooped Rosie up from the floor. He wiped her face with his knuckles and kissed her nose. “How about one of Mrs. Hudson’s chocolate biscuits?” At the mention of a biscuit, John’s current condition was forgotten. She sniffed and nodded her head as she laid her head against Sherlock’s chest. Such as the disposition of a two year old.
“And I love you more than my hands! Get out of here and grab some shoes for both of us. Go on! They’re by the door!”
‘Ah. That word. That always throws him a bit.’
Sherlock looked like he was going to levitate from their bed. John applied some more lube to his fingers and gently probed Sherlock’s loosened hole. John was just doing this to tease him a bit. The plug did a wonderful job of opening him up. Should he remove the straps? He looked down at Sherlock and decided from the look on his face, and the blush flushing his ivory skin, that he probably shouldn’t make him wait any longer.
“Not yet, Sher. Too early. Back to sleep.” He pressed his nose to Sherlock’s nape and inhaled, feeling to Sherlock as though he was being marked by a cuddly puppy. ‘Sherlock is mine.’ The ridiculously bathetic thought made him wince, but then tears were forming in his eyes. Happy tears. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt this particular sentiment. Sherlock squeezed John’s hand harder than he’d realised and John woke up properly.
“Dinner will be ready in ten minutes. No napping!”
“You deserve every bit of it, John.”
“Oh, John. This feels so good.”
“As I was speeding across the city to get to you, so many things flashed in front of my eyes. All the things you’ve done and said, things I’d never noticed before. Right before I found the DVD from Mary, Mrs. Hudson was giving Mycroft what for. She said something that tilted my entire perspective of our friendship. Our relationship. Everything you do for people, all the sleuthing, and the deductions, you do all of that because you care about people! You are one of the most emotional people I’ve ever met, but you hide behind ‘sociopath’ like it’s the only thing keeping you distant from the rest of us. Your emotions are what make you so magnificent. You could sit down at Scotland Yard and work on cold cases until you are old and grey, but you don’t. You say that you hate people, but you care about all of the people you help. And, until that moment over there with Mrs. H and Mycroft, I didn’t realise that of all the people you know, you have done the most for me.” He curled his hands into fists, and then determinedly straightened them both and laid them on top of his thighs.
“I could use a few of those nappy wipes, though.” Sherlock chuckled and then stretched for the night table and brought the package to the bed and dropped it between them. He reached inside and pulled out several of them and began to wipe off John’s torso with his right hand while lying on his left side.
They both looked to Rosie and saw the face of a lost little girl. “Oh, Rosamund. Your Daddy is okay!” She didn’t appear to believe Sherlock.
“A walker frame?”
“So, you’re saying that he went through the surgery and all of that shit that happened after, and THIS is all he gets for it? A constant six to eight on the pain scale forever?”
John had already removed the hunk of glass and wrapped his hand in a towel. He applied pressure as he stooped beside Sherlock.
“Did you not hear me earlier? I know you were excited about your flower caper being successful, and then you were presented with your first case in over two months. I said no.”
Rosie’s eyes wandered to the body on the pavement, her curiosity piqued. “Waz wong wit da man, daddy?”
“That good, love? Do you want to come like this?”
Much to his chagrin, Sherlock gasped. It was now his turn to be taken care of.
Sherlock removed his left arm from under John’s and brought it back to John’s arse and then underneath, as he reached towards John’s balls. He tucked underneath until he found John’s perineum. He pressed against it as he licked at John’s neck.
“John. I just want to say that, that I was emotionally indigent for long periods of my life. Now? I’m embarrassingly wealthy. You are loved, and loved ardently. You and Rosamund.”
“Bloody Christ on a cracker!” John stood from the bed and removed his clothes with significant haste. He climbed back onto the bed and grabbed a hold of both of Sherlock’s knees and pushed them a bit further apart. He kissed each one and began to trail kisses up Sherlock’s thigh.
“I need you to take a few deep breaths for me, to calm down a bit for me, all right? I think it’s going to be over faster than I want it to anyway, but I’d at least like it to last for a few minutes.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. Disbelief closing his throat but hope springing eternal.
“I’d love it if you unwrapped me.”
I tilted my head to the left and looked up at the sky. And then the scene in question materialised.
WIth a bit more conviction, Sherlock nodded.
“Yes, love. I’m wonderful. You’re so close, but I’d like to try something before you come, okay?”
John bounced her up and down, turning in slow circles as he sang
Sherlock went pale. John noticed.
Sherlock moved a bit and caught John’s eyes. “Can we change positions a bit? I need more of you inside me. Please? “
“You’ve seemed like you’re content with me on occasion.”
“No need for thanks. I’m happy to do it.” And he really was. Sherlock turned towards the door. He could only imagine what Rosie got up to in the three minutes he wasn’t in the kitchen with her.
“Well, we’ve never been driving on sleet-slicked roads while doing so before tonight. There’s a first time for everything.”
“Frozen?”
John got back to his side and settled the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s hole, the heat of his body becoming irresistible.
“Yes.”
John reopened his mouth, and it was then filled with a fork full of peas, carrots, and corn. As John chewed, between bites, Sherlock got to work on cutting up the lasagne. John didn’t notice until the yellow, green, and orange view changed to layered noodles.
Sherlock sat up, eyes wild and wet. “And what if that happens?”
“I take an immediate and profound offense to that statement.”
“I’ve found I quite enjoy feeding Watsons. I've received plenty of practice for over two years or so with Rosamund. I think I might be able to help her ailing father for a few minutes.”
“John, if she knows who you are, she knows who I am.”
“Why are you so surprised? We talked about this.”
“We do, don’t we? Why don’t we ever say it?”
Sherlock stops and backs up a bit and looks down at John. A weak smile, but it reaches his eyes.
“When I was in Afghanistan, in Helmand, there is a place where the Helmand river separates the valley from the desert. It is one of the most beautiful places I’ve ever seen. The contrast of the two completely opposite sides running parallel along the strip of water slicing through them. I’ve also been to America. I saw The Grand Canyon. Standing there, you’ll never feel more insignificant. And I was in absolute awe of it. The silence was so loud, if that makes sense. I went to Greece with my army mates when we were granted a leave; Santorini is spectacular. I also visited a hometown of one of my Canadian army mates; he was from Ontario, and his family lived about thirty minutes from Niagara Falls. The Niagara River is one of the scariest and most powerful things I’ve ever seen.” John paused and Sherlock turned onto his left side and watched John as he reflected on his past, but remained silent. Sherlock was getting better at realising when people were working up to saying what was really on their minds.
“Keep Rosie in the bathroom! I need you in here for a minute!” The hairs on the back of John’s neck stood on end.
“I should hope so. I wouldn’t want to say for sure since you’re not always the most observant person I’ve ever met.”
“That’s right, sweetheart! We want you to grow up in a safe place!” Sherlock dishevelled her hair with his fingers as he smiled down at her.
“Just. Just stay where you are. If you move, I’ll tip right off the edge of this seat and faceplant on the floor. Just stay here a minute with me, okay?” John unclenched his right hand and gripped a hold of Sherlock’s hip, pulling Sherlock’s body closer to his own. Sherlock could feel John’s hot, laboured breaths ghosting across his dress shirt. John rested his left arm across his own knees and pressed his left temple against Sherlock’s soft shirt. Without even thinking, Sherlock raised his right hand and put his fingers in John’s hair. John released a stuttered breath at the calming contact and tried to regain control of his breathing. Fainting would not help matters in the least.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed, saving him for the emotional turmoil he was about to needlessly put himself through. He shifted Rosie to his left hip to retrieve it from his coat pocket.
“I don’t think I realised how ‘together’ we all were until a few minutes ago.”
Molly hadn’t seen them since just before John’s surgery; she wanted to give them both a bit of space. Sherlock, however, had been texting her and let her know that things with himself and John had taken a turn for the romantic. And sexual. She didn’t really appreciate those texts. At least he hadn’t sent her any photographic evidence.
They made their way to their bedrooms. Sherlock and John had a peek at Rosie before retiring. They brushed their teeth side-by-side and changed into pyjamas and crawled into bed and laid together, face-to-face, under the bedclothes.
He was a bit too late.
“Mrs. Hudson has things under control downstairs. She's going to bring her up here to see us around six tonight. We can all have dinner, I can bathe her and get her to bed. That way, she’s here with us for a bit in the evening, can sleep here and have breakfast with us in the morning before we take her downstairs around ten. Everyone wins. I get to take care of you without having her underfoot, and you can sleep whenever the urge overtakes you.”
John was never able to deny Sherlock anything. After the fourth thrust, John shook apart under Sherlock, in Sherlock’s arms, his release painting his belly and chest, as well as Sherlock’s. Sherlock slid forward and back a few more times, trying to extend John’s pleasure as well as his own. They gasped when they became oversensitive. John set his legs down beside SHerlock’s hips and Sherlock reluctantly separated himself from John and laid down on his back next to John’s right side.
“If you’d like, we could discuss that. Think of ways to tell her about Mary, anecdotes and the like. We’ll most definitely leave the murdering aspect of Mary’s CV out of the conversation until Rosamund is old enough to hear about it.”
“I’ll go first, and while you’re in there, I’ll gather up some things for us, yeah?”
“I’m not sure. I feel a little weird. Nauseated.” John shook his head to clear his muddling thoughts and immediately regretted it. “Sherlock. What’s going on?”
“‘courage! Shit!”
“Eyes. You’ve brought him eyes.” Molly nodded shyly.
Sherlock looked around as though there was someone else in the room tall enough to reach the radio. Then he looked up at John, who nodded.
"You spooned me every night and let me lie against you, you holding me in place so I could lie as close to being on my left side as that bloody sling would allow. You did that for six weeks, Sherlock. You held me still for six weeks so I wouldn’t hurt myself and so I could sleep better."
“Must we argue this? I have a child in the kitchen to tend to. Do I also need to parent her father?”
The day progressed as John had hoped it would. He helped Sherlock with a bit of the washing up. He helped him fold the laundry. And he was able to give Rosie a bath (alone) for the first time in six weeks.
“I just hate to be keeping you from something. Most nights, you have something on. This was sort of an emergency tonight. You’ve really stepped up, handled everything great. This could be one of the more serious emergencies we’ve faced.”
John’s hand slid to Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb sliding back and forth across Sherlock’s chin.
“I don’t plan on falling asleep.”
The timbre of Sherlock’s voice fell to that of a whisper: “The call of my 7% solution would be too strong to ignore. If you were to die, the solution would no longer be only 7%.”
“It’s not the first time he’s seen me around a woman.” I couldn’t stop shaking my head or the words from coming out of my mouth. That was the closest I’d ever been to telling someone how I feel for Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded with surprising enthusiasm and John had to laugh.
“Correcting my grammar after I gave you that shag? You ungrateful nutter! Get over here, you sod! Sherlock launched himself into John’s embrace.
“Yes. All right. Let me go into the kitchen and find something to put in the micro while we’re taking care of you. I’ll meet you back there in a few minutes.”
“Did you just call me silly? You just wait until I catch you! I’m gonna tickle your belly! You better run! You better ruuuunnn!”
“I was saving that surprise for later. You’ve ruined it.”
“Achoo!” John’s hair tickled Sherlock’s nose into a sneeze and woke him from his light doze.
“No. No case, not Lestrade. I’d like you to dance with me.” John nearly dropped the mugs.
Sherlock pulled Rosie up to his chest: “Did you get it, Rosamund?”
Sherlock hadn’t meant to actually verbalise that.
Sherlock watched Rosie climb onto his bed and settle in the curve of her father’s right arm as John settled, again on his back. The unbelievably domestic scene playing out in his bedroom made him dizzy in a way he didn’t understand. So, he panicked and made for the door.
Oh shit.
“For a doctor, and former Army Captain, not to mention partner to a genius, you’re an idiot.” Cara set her remaining sandwich on the cling film it had been wrapped in and settled me with a look. A look that said there was a lot more to be said about it.
“And what the flaming Christ does that mean?”
Sherlock located the bottle and passed it back to John. His left hand released Sherlock’s left hand and flicked the cap open as soon as it was in his grasp.
“What are you two on about?” John’s eyebrows raised.
He was able to manoeuvre John into the flat and guided him to, and down onto, the sofa. Tea would help. That’s tea’s main job. He busied himself in the kitchen, filling and starting the kettle, and rummaging around for the scones Mrs. Hudson made for John’s return from the hospital.
“If you move from inside of me right now, I’ll never forgive you. What I need, is a kiss. Get down here this instant. Let me get my legs around you. If you can, get your arms under me and we can hold each other while we do this, yeah?”
“What the fuck? What the fuck happened, Sherlock?”
“You okay? Do you need to get up?” John was slowly coming back to himself, his military training a hard habit to break. His hand went slack in Sherlock’s as he tried to let him up, but Sherlock’s grasp tightened.
“You stay, I stay.” Sherlock managed to verbalise his thought before falling asleep in John’s arms. As always, John was right behind him.
Sherlock called from the kitchen: “John?”
They were lying together in Sherlock’s bed, having just shown each other how much they loved each other for the first time. John was currently on his back; Sherlock pressed to his right side, his head resting on John’s right pectoral. His hair was damp, the sweat cooling, under John’s jaw. John’s right hand was lost in Sherlock’s coffee-coloured curls; his left across his own chest, though his left index finger couldn’t resist the curve of Sherlock’s right ear, a new plaster stuck to the lobe. John inhaled and held his breath at the sight.
“Wif you, and Daddy!
John had regained his breath, and the tears that he’d finally let fall in front of another person began to dry on his cheeks. His nose was red, and his eyes were still full. He sniffed pointedly in that way he has; an attempt to rein in all of the pieces of himself that he’d just let me see. John Watson: Always trying to hold himself together as he was crumbling to bits.
“And it’s not even Christmas yet.”
"You know it was my pleasure doing all of those things for you."
Molly looked helplessly between them both. Rosie offered her a few of the pieces to her game as a way of getting her to play along. Molly had never been more grateful to play a children's game before that moment.
“Can we lie back down? Enough of this yelling lark. Get down here with me, yeah?” He sat on his heels and brought his hands to cradle Sherlock’s face, his left thumb drawn to the small bandage on Sherlock’s ear.
Molly couldn’t believe what she was seeing. A few years ago, at the sight of what she was currently seeing, the tears she would have been crying would have been those of selfishness, knowing that she would never have this with Sherlock. Now, they’re tears of unrepentant joy. Her love for Sherlock has never diminished, it’s just shed its skin and changed its form.
“Is it all right if I go inside of you, Sherlock?”
WIth a fake-sounding perk to his voice, Sherlock said; “Rosamund, thank you for the keys.” He quickly flipped through the congested ring of keys until he found the one he needed. He stepped in front of John and guided Rosie into the flat.”
“I come up der wiv you?”
John laughed, but there was no frivolity in it.
“That we were.”
John’s face broke instead. “Come here, Sherlock.”
It was nearing eight-o’clock. Rosie had been in bed for nearly thirty minutes: her fathers were sat on their chairs, a glass of Lagavulin for John (a gift from an extremely grateful client, meant for Sherlock, but they’ll never know.) and a glass of Felton Road Calvert Pinot for Sherlock. They kept peering at the other over the rims of their glasses. John broke the silence, as Sherlock had hoped he would.
“Why would I want to do that? If Rosamund sees me, she’ll forget I wasn’t in the room with her all along and drag me to the couch to watch the rest of her film.”
“Mary? Your Mary? Shot my boy?” Mrs. Holmes sat back against her chair, her hands squeezing the armrests.
“I’m not sure?”
“You do, too, sweetheart. I love you so much. I love you, Sherlock.”
“I’m going to discuss creating a lab next door with Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner.”
“You are, by far, the loveliest thing my eyes have ever seen.”
He reemerged to the sitting room twelve minutes later to find John, glassy eyed, holding chopsticks in his hand with no noodles attached.
Sherlock leant forward and, with Rosie in between them, pressed a chaste kiss to John’s lips. Rosie squealed. It was the first time she’d seen them be open about their relationship.
“Are you sure, Sherlock?”
“Just go into my room. Mrs. Hudson changed my bedding three days ago, and I’ve only laid on it once. Basically clean sheets. No sense on you going upstairs when there’s a perfectly good bed right there.” Sherlock pointedly tilted his head towards the door leading to his bedroom from the bathroom.
John could only shake his head. The expression of fondness that passed over his face was one that he’d never thought himself capable. “Be right there!”
“Oh sh---eets and blankets!!!” John’s eyes bugged out to the size of pound coins as he shifted Rosie from his right hip to his left. He quickly bent forward to set her tiny feet on the floor to the entrance to their flat. The keys to the main door fell from John’s hand to the floor.
“You are absolutely correct, as always. Just trying to keep things light so the little Miss down there doesn’t start to get upset. I think we can both agree on that, yeah?”
' Sherlock was temporarily struck dumb by the fact that John Watson and his daughter, were living with him at Baker Street. The flat he once shared alone with John. They were (a bit of) a family, Sherlock supposed. They were perfect enough for Sherlock.
“Already are. Here.” Sherlock helped situate John onto his back and tucked a pillow to his shoulder to hold the cold pack in place. “There. You can fall asleep all you like. That pillow will hold it in place for you.”
“Hello, Princess Rosamund. How would you like a bit of lasagne and some applesauce?” He reached down and scooped her up, and pressed his nose to her silky, blond hair. She went soft in his arms, and let him carry her to the kitchen, and a yawn escaped her mouth.
“How is it that good all the time? Isn’t there supposed to be a drop-off in quality or something?” John laughed and kissed Sherlock's jugular notch, right between two of the leather straps.
“I don’t know if she was ever mine. Her name wasn’t even Mary. It was Rosamund. That’s why the little one has that name.” Mr. Holmes sat ramrod straight as John spoke and Sherlock continued to look at the floor.
“You cannot feel guilt over a situation over which you had no control. I could not bring you with me. I wanted to. So many times I spoke to you while I was gone. Knowing you were here, safe and breathing?...that made all that happened to me a worthwhile endeavour.”
“John? Sorry it took me so long. Rosie was pretty excited about the lasagne and I had to get her situated in the kitchen before I could bring you the ice pack you needed.” Sherlock came to John’s side and without hesitation, placed the ice pack on John’s shoulder.
“Am I in a situation and am completely unaware of it?” Sherlock would most likely have agreed with my assessment.
“I don’t want to ask and ruin the moment, and I’m not sure if I should even say it now.”
“That’s what’s it’s like for me every time you do something stupid and make me have to look at you in the same position. It’s shit. And I hope we can keep instances like these to a minimum.”
“Thanks, sweetheart. Love you.” managed John as his eyes fluttered shut, his eyelashes brushing against Sherlock's cottony vest. Sherlock continued his gentle care and pressed a kiss to the crown of John’s head. He held him as he slept.
Sherlock swallowed hard enough that John heard it. “I’m waiting.” he sing-songed. That made Sherlock laugh. He poured a bit more lube onto his finger, rubbed his finger in three more circles and slowly pushed inside. John’s breath caught in his chest. “Holy. Holy shit. Oh. Sherlock. That feels so good. Keep going. There’s plenty of lube on your finger. Get me nice and wet for you, love.” Sherlock pushed forward and dragged his finger inside John’s snug heat. John writhed as Sherlock watched, making sure John didn’t strain his shoulder and that he himself wasn’t hurting him. After a few moments, John managed to speak:
at that place. John glanced around the flat, forgetting that Sherlock was out, and had been out, for a few hours. He worked his breathing exercises and listened to the voice of Ella telling him to remain calm and just breathe. He did his best to not show his distress to Rosie. He’d never been more grateful for her three-year-old attention span than he had at that moment. By the very next commercial, she’d moved on to ads for her favourite cartoons. After twenty minutes of lightheadedness and sweating, John was able to control himself until Sherlock came home forty-five minutes later.
“Fishies?”
John heard the squirting sound he’d be anxiously awaiting. Then, Sherlock’s hand was on him, and
“Sweetheart, look at this! We could go here and see things about space! The moon and the sun, other planets, stars! Or we could go here and see beautiful flowers and exotic plants! The zoo has so many cool animals! Like the kinds you see in the books we read to you before dinner!”
“I think I’m similar to you. But I don’t look at it as cynicism. I find myself to be more of a realist. Most people you meet are by chance. What are the odds that you’ve actually met people that you’re supposed to be with for the rest of your life? Whoever said that to begin with? Maybe 2,000 years ago, when a human was lucky to make it to thirty-years-old. That made a ‘life partner’ much more plausible. People didn’t usually live long enough to have them hate someone enough to leave. Between the two of us, we’ve met thousands of people. I can’t stand 99% of them.”
“I would tell you if it wasn’t.”
“Nope.”
“You’ve got me and I’ve got you.”
“Can we stop talking now? I have a headache.” Sherlock laughed against John’s neck until sleep pulled them both down into its sweet depth.
“How would you know? You’ve been asleep.” Sherlock was pouting now.
“I have, but not like this, no. There’ve been other activities, but not this act in particular.”
“I wish I could go back to that dinner at Angelo’s. You scared me, did I ever tell you that?”
“Stahvin!”
John’s abdomen undulated, his body tensed, and he rode the cresting waves in Sherlock’s arms.
“How were we in an accident? What happened?” John’s speech was garbled.
At that moment, their suspect, Madeline Tennant, sped from an alley and t-boned their car’s passenger side.
“Maybe that’s why he hates me so much.”
“What?”
“Could just be a gawper, Sherlock.”
“GO SIT DOWN, please.”
“Hey, it’s all right! Just gotta yank out the glass, clean it out, and tape it up!” He looked up and saw Sherlock’s eyes; glazed over and a bit misty.
They rode their pleasure out together, panting in each other’s embrace. John kissed and nibbled at Sherlock’s neck as his thrusts turned lazy and Sherlock began to relax in his arms. He stayed inside Sherlock until he softened enough to slip out of him.
“Of course. I cooked it, fed you and your daughter. That serviette did nothing to reap such a reward.”
John shook his head with a fondness writ all over his face. “Please don’t apologise for being kind, Sherlock. I’m really glad you’re sitting here with me, keeping me company. Hey. Give me one of those giant paws you call hands for a second. If you’re not careful, you’re going to squeeze your own fingers the wrong way and need a procedure of your own. Gimme.”
“Well, there was that one time when I was on a roof and…”
Sherlock decided to speak up.
“We’re going to be talking the whole time, you know. You don’t have to worry about that. You being here right now is awe-inspiring enough.”
“NO!” Sherlock was frightened by the tone of John’s voice. John was never panicked. The combination of doctor and soldier didn’t leave much room for such things.
“I know! That’s why I do the things I do! Why I did the things I’ve done! I want you to be here! I want you to live!” Sherlock scrambled to sit as he wailed.
“Are you sure? You just got out of the sling ten hours ago.”
He heard Sherlock walking briskly towards the bedroom.
John’s eyes became overcome with that softness that I adore so much.
“You’ve been wonderful tonight. For me and for Rosie. If you have something else you’d rather be doing, I can take care of that on my own. Maybe watch a little telly before going to bed properly.”
“I think I’m going to just stay here a bit. Enjoy the sun and watch Rose playing. Work out some things and figure out how I’m going to say it.”
“I was such a bastard. Practically yelling to anyone who could hear me. ‘I’m not his date!’ I did that twice. I am so sorry for that.” Regret suffused every word.
“That dark hair; those pale greenish eyes. Or are they blue? They could even be grey. He’s just. Wow. I feel sorry for your sexuality crisis.”
Sherlock kept his tone light. Intentionally. Offering John help was usually akin to poking a bear. “I could help you with that if you’d like.”
He made quick work of his belt, button, and zip. His hand lifted from the waistband. “Would you like to help me?” He raised his eyebrow lasciviously.
I could literally only sigh to that. Constant denial is exhausting. “You’re not the only to have ever said this to me.”
“I’m going to go get you some more ice and get you to bed. It says here to...”
*************************************************************
“How do I know? Hmmmm. That’s easy. I know who I am. I know where I am, and why I’m here. And most importantly, I know who YOU are. You’ve got me, right?”
“More than.” Sherlock pushed his neck back a bit and looked down at John’s face. Half of his mouth was curved into a smile.
“John, It’s okay. I understand. This has nothing to do with how you feel about me or what we’re doing.”
“I don’t know.” Sherlock released his seatbelt. He crawled across what was left of the front of the car to get to John and assess his condition. He was pinned under the steering column and part of the door. He legs were unseeable.
“We will try as many antidepressants as it takes to find the one that makes you feel the best. And I will be right here with you on that journey.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever been better in my entire life. One thing is wrong, however.”
Sherlock was right to have John slow down. But it didn’t matter now.
Trigger warning for drug addiction and potential relapse.
“She was. Until he came back. Everything seemed so great. I had Mary, I’d gotten Sherlock back. I found out I was going to be a father. I should’ve known better.’
He got his arms around Sherlock’s back and pulled him closer. “You knob end.” He kissed the crown of Sherlock’s hair and skimmed his hands over the scars on his back. A grotesque reminder of all that Sherlock has sacrificed. The words were finally spoken; it was finally time for some peace.
“She’s almost two blocks ahead of us. If I slow down, I’ll lose her.”
“John. I have loved you for many years; for most of the time I’ve known you. For all the time I was away. I stepped off that roof to protect not only Mrs Hudson and Lestrade, but you. I care for them both, but if they came to harm, I would ultimately survive it. You? I speak to you when you’re not near; I hear your voice in my head, guiding me. All the time. You are my blogger, my doctor, my moral compass, the person I trust to translate for me a world that I largely do not understand. You are, without doubt, my conductor of light. My life would immediately descend into the dark after you breathed your last breath. If I have to sacrifice myself for you to go on, I will not hesitate.”
“Don’t let anyone tell you you’re not perfect, John. Especially that brain of yours. I’ve told you before that you’re an idiot. I’m the genius of the two of us. Listen to me and tell your inner voice to shut the hell up.”
“How long?”
“Molly has, hopefully, brought me a bag of eyes on which to run a few key experiments.”
“You mean Mycroft, right?”
“By who? What kind of Dom actually frees a Sub. I mean, I know they can, but why?”
“Right, nothing to be nervous about…as long as you follow every instruction I give you of course.”
Though now, as he looked at the small beautiful face staring at him, Sherlock could see the walls he’d worked so hard to break down coming up and hiding his John away again. This was the first time the detective ever admitted he’d made a mistake. Removing the casts, no, that was definitely not a mistake but letting him on that stupid computer, exposing him to outside influences at this early stage in their relationship was the worst move he could have ever made.
“Go away!” was all John could think to say. He was ears deep in something he didn’t even mean to be in, and now he had no idea how to get out.
Hello again everyone, thanks to everyone for your kind comments and kudos. I really appreciate them because this fic is really wearing me out, a lot more than I thought it would.
“Help!” a small voice shouted from behind him. John turned around and headed back into the living room, looking for Jim.
“Is that so,” Sebastian scowled, but untied the final knot to John’s freedom. “You think love is so wonderful, do you? Well let’s see if love can save you now.” He lifted his arm, training the gun on Sherlock. Within a spit second, John projected himself out of the chair and straight into Sebastian.
“You taste exquisite, John. Just like I knew you would,” Sherlock hovered his lips just above the dazed teen. “Taste yourself on me,” he whispered, then descended upon John’s lips and after a moment of hesitation, he parted his small lips to allow the older man inside. It did taste slightly different, John noticed, whether it was weird morning breath or his come he didn’t know. The strange taste wasn’t bad and Sherlock seemed to like it, which definitely wasn’t a bad thing. So John continued to kiss until he was out of breath.
“I know, I know, would you just go already. Jesus, John!”
Gently, John rubbed warm soapy water over Sherlock’s chest and neck, washing off the hospital odor. Sherlock’s eyes grew wide as they stared directly at John. Soon though, Sherlock began to relax under John’s ministrations, and a small smile came to his face. “I thought you said you would never wash me,” he said, chuckling as John started to wash his face.
John just laughed at his new friends short attention span when he noticed the texts only came within five minutes of each other.
“Basically, yes,” Mycroft nodded and smiled as he could almost see the relief rising from the boy’s shoulders. Once the confusion was gone it seemed John was able to work out what was going on in his mind and why he was feeling those feelings.
“His mother was at work, apparently, so she was unable to come pick him up.”
“Oh, ha ha,” John griped, tugging on his hand cuffs.
“Make him shock you.” Sherlock opened the bathroom door and began preparing the shower.
After a long bath and breakfast, it was time to check in on his John again. Sherlock almost fell out of his chair when he saw he had a missed text from the boy. The sheep had wondered into the wolf’s den all on its own. The man knew he had won.
John continued looking back and forth between his immobilized limbs and the man relaying the story of what happened. “You were?”
Is what Mycroft did not say because although true, it was still impolite to talk about such things when the other man in the room was among such people. “Do I have your word you will be of assistance if needed, Officer Lestrade?”
“I know,” he said but continued carrying him to the bed, then gently laid him down and got in behind the small boy. It was strange at first, being naked with another man holding him from behind, but knowing what he just experienced with Sherlock, John didn’t want to be away from the man even for a second. “I’m never going to let you go,” he heard the deep voice whisper in his ear and wondered if he wanted that too. He felt cold now if the man wasn’t holding him and John wondered, as he drifted to sleep, if it was because Sherlock had taken something from him that used to keep him warm.
After Sherlock had lifted him out of the tub, dried him off gently, and pulled a baggy shirt and sleep trousers on him, he placed John back on the bed with a quick kiss to the forehead. “I’ll be back in five minutes, yeah. Don’t fall asleep,” he chuckled and left the room, leaving John alone with his thoughts.
“How old did Sherlock tell you he was?”
John is pissed. Sherlock reveals all...mostly.
“Do you know where they might go? Intel led us to the Pipes, but it seems the area has been abandoned.” Greg’s eyes twitched to Sherlock’s and then back to John, but the quick movement didn’t go unnoticed by the Sub.
Everyone got out of the car, John almost falling over when he tried to pull his crutch with him. “You and John will be sleeping in the room on the ground floor, Sherlock. That way you both won’t have to deal with the stairs,” Mycroft said. As everyone walked towards the house, Mycroft grabbed Greg’s hand and brought it to his lips. “I’ll call you when John’s ready to talk.”
“Because you,” his mop of curls disappeared underneath the ruby covers, “have a Sherlock to make you feel all better.” The deep voice was muffled and John only had a second to wonder what the man was doing until he felt something warm and wet engulf his entire cock. His spine arced off the bed, the only thing keeping him from floating were two large hands holding onto his hips. Sherlock kept him safe, Sherlock kept him from floating away and never coming back.
“I’m almost there, fuck,” he whispered, not wanting to wake his mom, until finally he felt his cock twitch in his hand and warm splotches on his stomach.
“John, stop it! Calm down son,” the same voice shouted at him, gasping loudly when John kicked him in the shin because he wouldn’t let him through. There was something around him now, a vice, a rope, arms, it was arms that looped around him and pulled him back from 221B.
“Okay,” was all John could say before he slumped on the cushions, barley able to keep his head up.
“Good morning, Sir,” a woman said. She walked into the kitchen and sat across from John, who now had a goofy grin on his face. The woman was beautiful, with long brown hair and a great figure even with the dress suit she wore.
“I-I’m s-sorry,” he cried into Sherlock’s chest as the man held him close.
John’s eyes widened looking at the phone number. He bit his lip deciding whether he should give his. This was the first cool guy to take an interest in him and he wasn’t about to screw it up because he was paranoid by the news and that Dateline Show.
“What do you mean he has a knife?” A familiar voice said outside the door. John could tell it was Greg, and the man sounded down right annoyed. “What did you lot do to him?”
“You know it it is bad, John. I cannot eat or drink, it won't stay up. My hands. . .” His voice cracks. His hands are a red mess. He cannot keep them steady.
Harry usually celebrated by going out and getting wasted and calling John to please come pick him up, he couldn't get a cab and he was stranded on that strip near Whitechapel, you know the one?
Brother Mine,
John took his keys from his pocket.
“This will all be over soon,” Watson tells him. “And you will return to 221b, and all will be well again. You'll still write me?”
He keeps in touch with Lestrade. They find a body dump exactly where Holmes thought it would be—an inhumane mass grave, body on top of body and bone beneath bone. It is a nightmare.
“No dissimilar,” she says quietly, still not peering far from Smith's protection. “I had a child who passed away within a week of his birth. I was destroyed. I would hear crying at night, sometimes, or dream of him. My husband said I was becoming delusional.”
here?”
“Yes,” John said, eyes narrowed. “Er, is there a reason you'd want 23A?”
Then he got his shovel, and began.
No answer.
“Sherlock Holmes.” The man stuck out his hand, then took it back, hastily took off the glove, and stuck it back out. John shook it.
Sherlock shrugged.
Mycroft sent him here to help innocent people escape cruel treatment. He needs proof that the facility was unjust. How?
“'o are they?” Hugo croons.
Mycroft smiles.
“It's a nice place you've got,” John said numbly, a bit in awe at the way this strange and fascinating man lived.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, after being charged with Gross Indecency Towards men, you plead guilty in exchange for a plea, is that so?”
“Wait, is that cannabis?”
Sherlock looked contemplative for a second, processing the words, then cracked into a smile, which then turned into an uncontrollable bout of laughter.
Two men come to the cell, and Miss Carpenter flees behind Elijah, while he watches grimly, fist clenched. Holmes perks up curiously, wondering what dangers await. One of the men points to him.
“It was entirely my influence,” Holmes says, and Gregson looks up at him with interest. “You see,” Holmes continues, “It is true that I had a lust for Dr Watson, but it was not his fault that he complied. He has never been able to deny one of my whims, and I influenced him to do this for my own benefit.”
“So the bees,” John said.
“Yes, I know,” Mycroft says, putting down his tea. “That's why I called upon you. I think you know, Inspector, that I am a blunt man, like my brother, so I will tell you immediately why you are here.”
“Well,” Sherlock started.
“Mycroft,” Holmes replies, and after his initial disappointment that he was not John, he finds himself very glad to see his brother.
“Hush,” the man says, and he does.
Instead, Holmes's mumbles nonsense and bursts into strange fits of yelling or crying, even laughing sometimes. It terrifies Watson so deeply that he is sure one more day of it will be too much.
There was an inscription at the bottom;
“Maybe it was just inevitable,” Sherlock yawned. “I mean, did you really stop outside my flat by mistake?”
“Inspector, you look positively shaken,” Watson declares, taking the jacket from the Yarder's shoulders. “Are you feeling ill?”
“No,” Sherlock said quickly. “No, not at all.” He reddened.
Holmes knew that he would have to earn back Watson's trust. He had betrayed the man who had been nothing but selfless and loyal to him.
He opened it up to a stout old woman, maybe 60 years of age, with short hair and a kind face.
“You have questions about something,” he said decidedly. John's lips quirked up quickly. Sherlock committed the expression to memory.
An old man is refusing to leave his bed for labor. Holmes presses himself farther, trying to hear. He can hear someone telling the guard the man is sick.
“Yes.”
of May, 1AM. Sitting on the floor of 221b with a lily scented candle in-between them and laughter in their eyes.
“I was in the army, for a bit. Worked as a surgeon. Now I own the motel up the road.”
She was very sweet about it though, and she brought brownies and drank the lemonade John had prepared.
It is small, and smells of wet mold. He has been in many prison cells before, but never as the criminal. Gregson tells him they will arrange a preliminary hearing.
It was early that May that Holmes finally admitted what Watson had never dared hope to be true; he was hopelessly in love with him.
“Did he have a tattoo?” he asked finally.
The Justice himself has already decided Holmes's fate. There is no need for magistrates or a jury, not in a Crown Court when Holmes has already plead guilty.
“Sherlock, you'll never
He squirms only for a moment, then realizes what he is doing. His knuckles are bleeding and he fears one of his wrists may be broken, because searing, red hot pain is flaming through it. His face is pressed to the damp, foul smelling floor, and he is nearly weeping.
A month goes by and Holmes eagerly waits for Horace Jennings on visiting day. He is disappointed, of course, that it will not be Watson who comes to him, but the mission is crucial.
The first time they take him out is Monday.
Between the strength of himself and Mycroft, they all Holmes up the stairs and through the door. He is remarkably light, and Watson realizes he probably could have carried the man by himself, a fact he does not particularly like.
He'd never seen so many bees in his life. Sherlock just opened the hive excitedly. “See the queen?” he said. John peered in and spotted the largest bee.
“Don't concern yourself, Mrs Hudson,” Watson tells her, though she begins to fuss about getting warm blankets and tea.
Smith takes one and lights it. Holmes does the same with a cigarette, and Mrs Hudson brings tea.
“In 1864, Isebelle and James Thorne, as well as their three children, were previously slaves in America, when they were smuggled to England on a ship called The Ghost to avoid the war.
“John?”
There is screaming and weeping and sounds that Holmes can hardly believe are human at all, so terrible and desperate they are.
“So do you have one? A girlfriend, I mean. Is that impertinent to ask?”
Unlike the preliminary hearing, people are allowed to go to the sentencing. Excited murmurs filled the large, wide room. The Justice sits on his throne above the courtroom, patiently tolerating the noise.
He walked into the shop a little too enthusiastically.
But he can't help but hear the name on Hugo's lips.
and leaves of
“Shall you tell it, then?” Irene said. “I haven't heard it properly since sitting around a campfire in Secondary School.”
John smiled. This florist was a funny fellow.
They both nod, and for a bit, they chatter on. Bedlam is not mentioned.
Whatever. They were friends, right? They'd both get over it. Hopefully.
Mycroft helps him lift Holmes up, and together, they carry him out.
“I've got a guest bed, on the right.”
“Absolutely not.”
after calling her a bitch, she stubbed her cigarette out and straightened the collar of her shirt.
Cursing his leg as he threw his luggage to the ground on the threshold, he called out,
“Then it is decided. Sherlock Holmes, you are formally sentenced to two years in prison for gross indecency towards men.”
John sipped the tea. It was, unsurprisingly, delicious. The rich taste of the rose petals and the coolness of the mint made him want to sigh.
The man's dark eyes swept the room. John suddenly felt danger in his stomach; he didn't like this bloke. He kept his hand on the drawer where his gun was.
“Body dump,” Holmes slurs deliriously. Watson sighs, just barely cracking a smile.
John Watson does not look at him as he passes to the front of the room, but Holmes looks at him.
Serving his sentence by using it as a case makes Holmes smile slightly. He really is very good at making the best of situations, though, he misses Watson terribly.
He's heard rumors of inverts being “treated” via electroshock therapy at asylums, but doubted he himself would be sent to one.
After he painstakingly finishes every bite, he knows he will have some extra energy before the food is gone once more. He uses it to take the letter in his trembling hands. It is short, luckily, so it takes little effort to read. It goes like this;
“Seems everyone knows it,” John said pleasantly as Sherlock rang him up. “So are you two. . .siblings, then?”
“I'm Detective Horace Jennings of Scotland Yard,” Jennings explains. “On recommendation of Mr Sherlock Holmes, you are to be sent for re-evaluation by our own technicians, and released at least until we have completed an investigation on this institution.”
Sherlock frowned.
Holmes sits and waits patiently for someone to tell him he has a visitor. He cannot understand what is keeping Watson from him.
He thinks he is dead because he no longer feels any pain, and he is warm and calm and at peace, but that is not possible.
“Right?”
“I don't want you to worry,” Holmes says, “but I also cannot give you false hope.”
Holmes still hears the screams of the man long after they die. He shivers, wondering who is next. How many people will die here?
“Perhaps you will reconsider,” he says.
It is, however, not John Watson.
Sherlock smirks.
“I'm more of a [hiccup!] wine. . .fellow myself,” he admitted. John smiled. He was definitely buzzed, probably nearly drunk, but nowhere near as much as Sherlock. Evidently he was a light weight, because he could hardly form proper sentences.
The pain of his arm and wrist returns, assuring him he is, in fact, not dead. But he also feels blankets around him, and a mattress beneath him, a mattress and blankets that feel suspiciously like the ones he and Watson share.
There were botanical experiments strewn across every surface, plants with all kinds of tubes or lights or dripping liquids, the air perfumed with the scent of fertile soil and flowers.
Irene Adler didn't hate men.
Holmes does not speak to anyone. He does not provoke anyone. He keeps to himself. Sometimes Hugo murmurs to him, and he offers short replies.
His body is weak, a feeling he despises. He has learned to ignore his body for the most part—it is, after all, almost irrelevant to his work, but lately Watson had been making him more aware of his needs—making him eat and sleep and all.
Hidden behind thick vegetation, John was still too far away to see what was going on. He decided to carefully step out of his car, giving great care to slowly closing the door.
He tries to get the attention of the guard near him.
Holmes does not know what Mycroft was, what he thinks of sex and romance, but he certainly doesn't seem bothered by it in other people.
Sherlock folded his hands on his lap, looking at John. John felt a shudder go down his spine.
“Sherlock,” he said. “Erm, I was—well, it's going to sound silly, it was silly, er, I just—“ Sherlock held up a hand to stop him.
“Dr Watson has been married as well,” Holmes says. “A happy marriage at that. She died of cholera, poor thing. But I can assure you that before my influence, Dr Watson was a happy, healthy man. With a bit of treatment, he will return to his former self.”
Hugo seems to realize what's going on.
“We'll have to go on a walk soon. Get some fresh air.”
Watson has spoken to him about electroshock before—he's said it's almost definitely futile, and the theory behind it holds no water. Holmes, as ever, trusts his medical opinion. So inverting him cannot be the goal.
They do not allow him to bathe for weeks, this irritates him. His skin itches and crawls and he is sure he has lice. But he does not say anything.
“You are even thinner than before,” Watson finally comments disapprovingly. “Are you eating all they give you?”
It rains the next morning over Bedlam, rains an oppressive, beating rainy reflective of Holmes's mood. He has returned to his cell, healthy once more, but terribly depressed about no longer having a friendly face about. He lived alone for many years, but they were lonely years still, and he had always visited Mycroft.
Phase II is to begin in two days when the doctors come to Holmes's cell.
They get an hour outside a day, but Holmes hardly ever utilizes it. He prefers to stay inside the prison walls, where the stone and metal makes him feel both trapped and protected.
Holmes curled up on his cot and turned his back to the man.
His vision is blurry.
Nonetheless, his inversion is viewed as a mental illness, so in the eyes of law, he is not.
Irene was gone when they got in, (probably fleeing to give them privacy) but Sherlock's flat was a hub of activity.
They give him three meals a day and keep him alive.
“Yes, hello, this is Dr. John Watson.”
It was the smell that hit him first.
“There!” Watson hisses when he catches sight of the door.
Holmes nods in relief. He will ask Watson about it later. He is still in tremendous pain, and has to be silent for several more moments before he can speak through it again.
Sorry I haven't been writing, was on vacation.
He is exhausted, fighting now for consciousness rather than sleep. He wants to cry out for a guard, but the room is certainly sound-proof. He does not know what he is waiting for now.
But somehow, he continues.
Personal talk between the Holmes brothers has always been quiet, and Sherlock prefers it that way.
Holmes, who had only been fourteen at the time, nodded.
“Step on it!” one of the men yells. Holmes shakes his head, the tears falling, but then the other man strikes him across the face with a baton, sending him to the ground.
It was dark, and the man would've been invisible if not for his high beams illuminating his dark suit. John kept one hand on his gun, trying not to shiver. His breathing was, luckily, drowned out by an eager horde of frogs in a near bye pond, chirping happily.
“You’re welcome. Go to sleep now, Sherlock.” He rubbed his hand over the newly freed skin in circles, coaxing Sherlock to slumber. With a hum and a huff, Sherlock was soon asleep.
“Rosamund would most likely just tell you to get up and get on. She seems to like the newer princesses; those who seem to take no shit. Moana, Merida, Mulan…”
John looked like he wanted to say yes. He really did. Much like the night of their first case. Sherlock watched as John’s face showed all the thoughts in his head; as he searched for any reason why he shouldn’t go to the scene with Sherlock.
“How does he usually respond to that?”
After putting Rosie to bed, they spent the next three hours in the living room, in front of a crackling fire, detailing who (they thought) Mary was before John met her. They told Sherlock’s parents why Mary was reluctant to tell John about her previous life and how that fear led her to shoot Sherlock. John told them that the longer he stayed with Sherlock during his recovery, the more difficult the prospect of returning to her became. Sherlock explained how he told John to try to forgive her, to try and make things work for their child. They reached for each other and then found their hands in a tight grip. Mrs. Holmes wiped her eyes during that part of the story, as she watched the two men on the sofa speak of their difficulties during those times. How heartbreaking it must have been for Sherlock to tell John to leave him and go back to the woman who hurt him so grievously.
That pulled my gaze to him.
“Hey. Look at me, okay? I’m good. Really. You’ve got our shoes, and I need a tea towel that we won’t mind binning after I get it bloodied. I’ll hold some pressure on it, it’ll clot up and I’ll see if I need any stitches. I can do that; save us a trip to A&E. No worries, Sherlock. Just put your shoes on and those gloves before you get started, yeah?”
The enormity of their words sat between them for a few moments, and a few tears slipped from both men’s eyes. Time for a bit of mirth.
No answer.
Sherlock could only nod his assent.
“I’ve noticed that about you, as well. I thought I was hallucinating it sometimes.”
“You can learn a lot by watching porn on the internet. I hope I’m able to apply some of what I learned for you tonight.”
“I am absolutely wonderful down here.”
? The lovely, supple, soft, black, leather and strong, shiny, silver, buckles? Those were for John’s eyes and Sherlock’s subsequent pleasure.
“Do I?” I ran my right hand across and down and all around John’s back. Then John hit me with a nonsequitur.
“No need. It happened long ago and very far away from here.”
After less than five minutes: “You’re really taking this helping stuff seriously, aren’t you?” John was grinning at the sling and ibuprofen gel on the coffee table in front of Sherlock’s knees.
John’s face relaxed more than he’d wanted it to. A soft smile that reached his eyes formed unbidden.
“Sweetheart, are you all right?”
Her lower lip began to tremble.
“I suppose.” Sherlock watched John as he pulled the plate of food to his lap. He looked back and forth at the plate, and the fork he held in his right hand. He sighed.
“You’re astonishing. Thank you for all of this. Thank you for not letting me wallow. Sometimes, I just want to be angry about this. There will be times when you won’t be able to pull me from the bottom of this. But tonight, the pep talk, the therapy, the offer to talk about how to handle Rosie when she asks about her mother: You keep me right, too, you know. You always have, but I never told you that before. Going forward, I won't make that mistake anymore."
“You make it sound as if you being hideous is something commonplace.”
“Yes. I’m fine.” Sherlock whispered in return. He gave himself away with a sniff.
"I’m not saddled or stuck or whatever nonsense you’re psyching yourself out with. If it makes you feel any better, I’ve never been in this position before.”
“I don’t think ‘raring’ is quite the word you’re looking for, John.”
“There’s nothing else that I need.”
John stepped through their bedroom door after putting Rosie to bed, and he couldn’t believe his luck.
Once the coast was clear, Sherlock raced to John’s side. “How may I help?” Despite his anxiety about the situation, his enthusiasm was surprising.
John had been cleared by his doctor to begin physio two days before the commercial incident. He visited the therapy office and was able to be seen that same day. The therapist told him his range of motion was fantastic for only being four weeks post-surgery. He was already ahead of schedule! He made future appointments with her, Brianne, and another therapist he knew from various injuries he’d sustained by hanging around with Sherlock, Stephanie, for a fortnight from that date.
“I’m sorry, John.”
“The woman you married, the woman you loved enough to marry and have a child with, died in your arms, John. The circumstance of her death was traumatic. That would cause almost anyone to have PTSD responses to things that would stimulate that sort of memory. People have PTSD regarding situations they’ve had with complete strangers, John. She was your wife. At one point, you loved her. That counts for something larger than how you’re assessing it. You need to stop holding yourself to such a high standard.”
“Could you help me with - - this?” He had his right arm out of his coat sleeve, but a sheen of sweat had covered his forehead as he tried to wiggle his left out of the coat’s confines.
“Fuck yes.” With a growl, John advanced, and his right hand helped Sherlock push off his black trousers. He put his hand on Sherlock’s bum and pressed Sherlock against him. He scratched his short nails softly against the warm roundness of Sherlock’s backside, pushing Sherlock’s cock against John’s stomach. It was still trapped behind his soft, silk black pants.
“I’m not doing all the work. You can wash your left side and I’ll get your back and your right side when you’re finished.”
“Is this Papa?” John slid his left arm a few centimetres out of his sling to poke Sherlock’s belly.
“I’m going to let you have a handle sometimes, all right?”
“As I recall, I nodded and smiled, and then licked my lips. There may or may not have been a sound that resembled, ‘Oooh.’”
“I want you to live too, you fucking tosser!” John rose to meet him. They faced each other, suddenly furious, tears in John’s eyes, and then he noticed a few were clinging to Sherlock’s lashes as well.
“Never again.” He laid his arm across John’s.
“I’m where I want to be. I’m not ‘missing anything’, as you stated earlier. If I felt that way for her, I’d have gone to her long ago. I’m here. With you. Surely that means something. Even if we never feel 'all right' again, we still have each other. We'll always try to make it better. Most times, we'll fail; but we'll always try. Because we love each other, John."
“I’m waiting, husband!”
“I mean. I. I could rub some more gel into your shoulder if you think you need more. You’re the doctor. I. I defer to you.” Eye contact was literally impossible for Sherlock at that moment. The blush that spread across his neck and face closely resembled an advancing fire in a forest.
“Are you hungry, John? Let me fix you something? Something easy to eat, I’d imagine?”
“But when it’s the main focus, it's fantastic if it would do what it’s supposed to do! Sometimes, Sherlock, I think that one day, and most likely sooner than I’d like, you’ll realise you can do better than me. You’ll see that this broken man isn’t worthy of you. And you’ll pack your things and leave me behind, and live your life with someone who can love you properly. And then I think, if that happens, there’s no point in me hanging around anymore. No one would miss me anyway.”
John’s breath caught. Sherlock’s behaviour has been doing that to him quite a lot of late.
She reached across the table and set a hand atop one of my own. I turned my palm and held her hand and she squeezed my fingers. “That is a fantastic place to start.”
“Just letting shit slide like that. You always do that when I do something hideous to you.”
John knew exactly what his husband needed. He grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s left knee, unfolded it, then draped Sherlock’s leg across his shoulder. John pressed forward a bit and got his arms under Sherlock's back. He put both of his hands alongside the back of Sherlock’s neck, his fingers curling over his trapezius.
“How would you like pizza for dinner tonight, Rosamund?”
“It was so sudden. One second, I was reading an email from Harry, the next Rosie’s yelling about fish! I look up, and there are the shark tanks. I could still hear her telling me I was the best thing that ever happened to her. I didn’t believe her then, and I still don’t, but I still feel like shit that she’s gone. Rosie won’t ever know her mother. Sometimes, I think that’s the best thing for her. Having a former assassin for a mother isn’t exactly something most kids wish for, or could deal with in real life. I could still see us both on that floor, her slipping away in front of my eyes, and I was a little relieved when she passed. We weren’t happy. I wasn’t happy. I couldn’t trust her. I was thinking about leaving her, but I never had the chance. I’ve never really forgiven her for all she put us through.” He looked up at Sherlock’s face. “She knew how much losing you gutted me. And she tried to take you away from me again. She was selfish. She never loved me. She loved the idea of having a different life. I was just caught up in it. And Rosie was, too. But she was, is? the mother of my daughter. And I'll always be grateful to her for giving me Rose. But I don’t think I’ll ever forgive her for what she put you and me through. I don’t know why I lost it when I saw that advertisement.” John settled against Sherlock after saying all of that, the invisible weight left his shoulders. If John needed Sherlock to be his therapist, that was what he would get.
“What’s that?” Sherlock had been drifting off to sleep, drowsy on the smell of John filling his nose. He dragged that nose against John’s Adam’s apple.
He squeezed my hands in return and continued, as he watched me try not to cry.
Leave it to Sherlock to get stroppy as he was about to get laid.
At that, John held out his right palm expectantly and waited for Sherlock to squeeze out a bit of shower gel. Sherlock got to work on John’s hair while John sudsed from his incisions down to his wrist. After a bit of low moaning from John when Sherlock’s fingers massaged his scalp, Sherlock laved John’s right arm and back with his own hands, lathering the soap as he rubbed the tired muscles of John’s body. John was slow to relax, but when he finally did, he leant back against Sherlock’s chest while his right arm was washed. Sherlock kissed his neck, as the hand that had been soaping John’s chest made its way over John’s belly and stopped at his belly button, his pinky finger tangling itself in tight, sandy-coloured curls. “If you’ll allow me, I would like to try and attempt this for you.”
“Are you sure, sw’heart?” Sherlock laid back down, his head on John’s chest, his right hand on John’s belly. “If we never work another case again, I will remind myself that you almost died. I will never be disappointed that didn’t happen. Our life together is more important than our work.”
“Good to know.” John bestowed a kiss to the tip of his nose; his chin. He dragged his thumb over Sherlock’s lips and cocked an eyebrow.
Their right hands found each other on top of Sherlock’s pillow and Sherlock was already writhing in John’s arms. The heel of Sherlock’s foot now pushed against John’s ass, encouraging the cadence of John’s hips.
“It’s all right, now. We’ve said the words. The hardest part is over now. We’re on the other side of our walls. I’ve got you. You’ve always had me.” Sherlock’s gasp was watery this time.
“I don’t even know what I’m saying anymore. My brain doesn’t feel like my own, my body is betraying me... I’m thinking things that I know I shouldn’t. Things that would get me sectioned if I spoke them to a doctor. But they creep in anyway, no matter what I do. I just love you and don’t want to disappoint you anymore.”
“Don’t you dare say that! Do not speak about yourself like that, EVER! Especially in my presence! What’s gotten into you? The main focus, when we’re being intimate, IS US! Not your penis or mine, or the things that we do with them. As much as I love intimacy with you, I lived over forty years without it. I can safely say, I can live the next forty without it if it means still having you!”
“This situation is taking a surprising turn. I, for one, am not disappointed in this shift in trajectory.” John pulled their hands down Sherlock’s belly and pressed him closer, and began to rub his quickly hardening cock. A gasp of surprise escaped Sherlock’s mouth and that spurred John’s action and tinged his words with suggestion.
“You’re being very nice right now. I could get used to it.” An extremely soft smile passed over John’s face, and it stayed there for the surprising response.
“I’m sure Molly put the specimens in an appropriate container, John.” He had the nerve to be condescending.
“Have I missed something?”
“She doesn’t even know we’re behind her.”
“I’d never met anyone like you before. I saw your face across that table, and couldn’t believe what you were saying to me, what I thought you were asking me.”
He motioned for Sherlock to join them. He got his arms around them both and the three of them swayed together as John belted out the next part of the song:
“Where are you going?”
Once Sherlock had Rosie sufficiently calmed down, they both returned to the sitting room, an ice bag in Sherlock's hand. He passed it to John and asked,
“Sherlock? Are you okay? Did I break you again?” A weak chuckle.
John set his left temple against Sherlock’s chest and looked up at his girl and his love. Molly watched the familial tableau as she wiped at the tears on her face with the sleeve of her flower-covered jumper. She was so grateful to have been here to witness this. There would have to be a phone call to Mrs. Hudson very soon. Or maybe a visit when she left this small, sweet family for the evening. They had much to celebrate. Good thing she brought them dessert.
, mean you. Never you. I just always seem to make shitty choices, especially when it comes to people I’m close to. My family: My parents, and Harry, I mean. Then, almost everything I did with Mary blew up in my face. Then when she died, I let Rosie down. She was never with me; always passing her around to Molly, Mrs. H, my neighbors... I was sitting in my flat drowning myself in whiskey while you were sat here thinking of the worst things you could do to yourself to get me out of what has to be my most monumental failure as a man and father. Everything is always my fault.”
Rosie bent awkwardly to reach for the dropped keys and got on her tiptoes to hand them to Sherlock.
“Thank you for being brave. I am a former soldier, but you’ve always been the braver of the two of us. Tonight just reinforced it.”
“Just give me a sec, ‘k?” John stretched under the covers. Sherlock (again) tumbled to the fact that John was lying in his bed.
Sherlock’s expression turned comic. He began to blink. The type of blinking he does when he’s well and truly out of his depth.
“I think you might have forgotten the part where I did something insanely reckless and you were injured to the point that you had to suture yourself. I can see how that could be so easily forgotten.” Sherlock was suddenly angry. John was intrigued.
“We all deserve each other.”
“Just a bump. Lemme get the ice on it here and you keep an eye on me for concussion symptoms, okay?” He turned to face his daughter.
John just shook his head and smiled.
“It doesn't hurt anymore. It looks worse than it feels,” I lied. My vision was still a bit off, and the stitches itched like hell.
He lowered his head again at that. “I'm sorry that you saw that. That was pretty dramatic of me.”
“John?”
“Then you plan on being kind to me for at least 50 more years.”
“It means I’m going to be laid up for quite some time, Sherlock.” He kissed Sherlock’s hair twice.
“But, John! I. I didn’t!!!”
“I'm not sure?”
“You can move now, love. When you’re ready.” John got his right arm around SHerlock’s back and pulled him tighter to his body; his left hand on Sherlock’s nape. He slipped his fingers in the dark curls there and played with his hair until Sherlock found himself again.
The three of them were having an outing at the
“Are you all right? Really all right?”
John rolled his even higher in response. “Shut up and help me. I’m starving here.”
“There, now. How’s that feel?” John breathed the words into his ear and then kissed his left shoulder as he pressed further inside Sherlock.
“I didn’t say he was. It’s this situation he’s scared of.”
John pulled back, letting his cock slide from Sherlock. He knelt there, Sherlock still lying on his back, looking deliciously, and thoroughly, fucked.
John turned to his right side and Sherlock did the same. John laid his head on Sherlock’s pillow and took in the sight of something that he never expected to see.
“Sherlock, I don't have the strength to have this conversation right now, okay?”
John surged forward and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s. In between kisses, they said:
“If that happens, I’m going to be in a lot of pain. For a very long time.”
“Let me go get you some ice.” As the words left his lips, he continued to sit beside me and look at my eye, at the stitches that were still there, his body betraying his brain’s intent.
Sherlock blinked.
"Holding you wasn’t exactly a hardship."
At that moment, John had been making hissing noises. “I’m a ssssssilly sssssnake! I’m gonna bite you!” Rosie squealed with delight and made the turn around the edge, but John lifted his head reflexively to look toward Sherlock as he’d spoken to him. John’s head smacked into the table.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve had hazardous waste in the flat,” he stated obviously.
“Sir! You’re not allowed to touch the exhibit!”
“I don’t want YOU cutting YOURSELF! You’re a doctor!”
“Yeah. I do.” John kissed Sherlock’s forehead.
John just watched the spectacle in front of his own eyes. He actually pinched himself.
“Oh, Sherlock!” John pulled Sherlock to his chest and put his right arm around him. He gently swayed them back and forth for a few minutes as Sherlock tried to breathe.
“Stay with me, please?
“Could you reach a bottle of lubricant for me?
“Oh, that’s even better. I didn’t think this could get better thirty seconds ago, but I was wrong. Get that beautiful mouth on mine this instant!” Sherlock obliged, embracing his lips against John’s, in a kiss that was more virtuous than this moment could have predicted.
Mycroft sighed, having experienced this three times already with the Inspector. He meant well, truly he did, but this battle with his conscious was getting on Mycroft’s nerves.
Also, the lovely stilesstilerstyle drew an amazing picture for The Second Law. Check it out at here: http://purrlockholmes.tumblr.com/post/96125336044/click-for-full-size-immediately-john-panicked
“I…thank you for the offer, but…” John paused, swallowing the dry pit in his throat. “I have to stay with Sherlock.”
Chapter 2 – Climbing up the Walls
“We will be able to see everything you see and we will also be able to send you messages via text.”
“M-Mycroft,” he heard a shaky voice on the other end.
John had stopped it though, kept his Subs away from Doms so that he wouldn’t be alone. It was time to change, because now he had a home and it wasn’t fair that Harry, Jim, and Mike didn’t.
“He will. Why wouldn’t he?”
“I’m assuming since the authorities have not darkened my doorway you have already taken care of the necessary people to ensure Mrs. Watson believes I am a figment of the late John Hamish Watson’s imagination; the imaginary friend of a lonely homosexual teen who had had enough of lying to himself and ended his torment. So tell me, brother mine, why have you come to visit me? Would you like to meet John and make sure he is well, in order to sate your guilty mind at the actions you’ve taken to ensure he stay in my care?”
Sherlock thought for a moment, looking down at John who only stared past him with water blue eyes, “I used John as bait to catch Moriarty. He was on top of John, h-hurting him so I tackled him and we fought…then he-he was m-me! He was me, Mycroft!” Sherlock shouted, his face scrunched up and his face red with pain and torment at something only his mind could see.
“I was so worried about you, John. Mycroft wouldn’t let me in until he talked to you.” Sherlock began running his hand through John’s matted hair frantically. “He said you want to stay with me…is-is that true?” he asked, a light visible in his eyes. It was that look, the look of being so dependent on someone you feel your entire being would shatter into a million pieces when they were away, that made John nod his head shyly.
“Excuse me, ma’am,” John asked one of the ladies who seemed in a hurry. He had no idea if this would work, but he might as well give it a try.
“My friends, you’re taking care of them. Giving them more than I ever could and I-” John paused, tears burning his eyes and clumping up his throat. “Just, thanks.”
"Yes, yes, I’m with Sherlock,” Greg said into the phone. “John’s been shot.”
John sighed, “Fine. Will you ‘please’ turn around while I get undressed, oh great and powerful Dom.” Sherlock smirked again but turned around to give John his privacy. For an instant, the Sub realized his new advantage at catching the man off guard. The pale back was turned to him and he could strike before Sherlock even knew what hit him.
As I said in the last chapter, this is a dark fic that deals with very upsetting issues. If this is triggery for you, then do not continue reading. I appreciate comments that are either positive or have constructive criticism, but there is no need to comment if all you want to say is, "this is horrible, what is wrong with you."
“What happened?” Sherlock gripped the edge of the cushion under him.
The boy was brought out of his internal musings by a sharp noise and then a slight burn on his thigh. “Stop it John, stop it this instant,” Sherlock’s voice was stern, leaving no room to argue his way out of what was so obviously going on in his head.
he thought to himself,
Sherlock already had the photoshopped picture ready to go and uploaded it onto their chat screen.
Through all this, John continued to cry from someplace deep down inside where all his guilt and hatred lived. He hated his parents and those stupid collars, but most of all he hated himself. He let Mycroft and Jim get shot, he failed his sister and Mike, he held an innocent woman hostage just so he wouldn’t have to put on a lead. It was his fault, and his alone.
The teenager looked at his phone and started rubbing over his own member under his cotton trousers.
The next thing John noticed were his feet. They were pulled up so his heels just barely touched his thighs, almost to the point of pain. So basically, he was a dangling piece of meat for Sherlock to do whatever he wanted to.
“Sherlock!” John shouted, instinctively taking a step back. He lost his balance, letting his hands flail in the air and his eyes grow wide as he fell. Then, there were hands under his arms and around his back, keeping him from slamming hard into the tile floor.
Overall, it wasn’t horrible and now that the older man had him in an iron grip, rubbing his spine and ribs, John’s body told him everything was okay now.
“Love you, too,” Molly yawned, a soft smile on her face as she clutched Leopold the bear to her chest. She closed her eyes and fell into a deep sleep.
“It’s time for you to go, John,” Mycroft announced as he stepped out of the house. He examined John, looking him up and down until nodding his head once in approval. “A prepaid cab will take you to where you want to go. He has been given specific instructions as to how far out of the city you can be taken and what to do if a…shall we say, a problem arises.” The Dom opened the cab door, gesturing for John to enter.
He tried to reach up and pull whatever it was off, but there was something around his arms too, keeping his hands free but unmovable behind his back. “Calm down, calm down,” the words were laced by a commanding tone, but John was in such a state of distress that his brain completely ignored the Dom’s words. He squirmed and kicked, breathing heavily through his nose, which thankfully was not obstructed by the muzzle. That’s when the memory hit him, ‘
“No,” Sherlock said, opening his eyes and grabbing John’s arm with his good hand, “because you hadn’t found me yet.”
Honestly, Sherlock believed when his boy dropped the gun and let his lover hand feed him was the final breaking point, which would cause the tectonic plates in John’s brain to shift and create new plains, rivers, and mountains for only the two of them to graze. Now though, it seemed his John still harbored some form of fear and uncertainty when it came to their relationship that remained dormant until just a few moments ago. Sherlock inhaled deeply, forming a giant drawing board in his head with all the information he needed to convince John how different he was from Victor.
The finger stilled inside him, then a sharp smack echoed through the bedroom and burning pain on his left arse cheek was the result. A heavy weight pressed itself on his back and John knew he’d done something wrong, so he stopped his thrusting hips immediately. “You don’t get to come until I think you’ve learned your lesson, John.” Sherlock whispered and John could still feel the finger twitching inside him, sending a strange shiver through his bones.
“You haven’t lost that much blood,” John said, picking Greg up bridal style and placing him on the couch. “Luckily, Sherlock had no idea what he was doing, so it was more just an aggressive reaction than an actual feeding. I’ll get you some orange juice,” he said patting Greg on the bare thigh. Although he would never mistreat a human, other than taking a few sips, Greg was still a hunter of his kind, so he didn’t feel too much pity for the man. He was a doctor first and a vampire second though, and John would make sure Greg was in full health before he left.
“This sucks so bad,” John said, rubbing his head with the heel of his hand once he was completely naked.
“Yeah,” he heard himself say. It felt somewhat like an out of body experience, though John had never had one but hearing himself say words that he hadn’t intended to say was enough to freak anyone out. “I’m sorry,” John felt he needed to apologize to his Dom for trying to come back too early. If he was good, John thought, if he was well behaved maybe Sherlock would keep him under until the memories that haunted his nightmares would go away completely. “Jim and Harry are…”
The next month was a whirlwind, dragging John along, around and around until he felt like he was going to throw up or pass out or both. He had talked to police officers, solicitors, Psychiatrists, Psychologists, and Doctors. The worst was definitely the Doctor, who made him lie down on his back and placed his legs up on stirrups while his mom held his hand, crying, and Greg stood over in the corner filling out paper work with a sad look on his face. The old Doctor had rubbed something up inside of him, telling John it was going to be okay when everything was obviously not and would never be again. When the Doctor scowled at whatever he found, John told him to ‘fuck off’ and his mum cried even more.
“I just had to make sure he was okay,” Jim said firmly, but yawned afterwards, betraying how tired the Sub actually was.
“Another, I need it, please John,” Sherlock moaned and tried to work more of his husband’s finger into his hole. The blonde smiled, withdrew, placed the capsule between the tip of his middle and pointer finger, and then worked them an inch or so into Sherlock’s arse. As soon as John removed his fingers, Sherlock halted his movements and turned to look up at his husband, who had a triumphant grin on his face.
“Why?” He asked again, more forceful this time as he ignored the cup of water.
“As I said,” Mycroft started again, as if the last ten seconds hadn’t just happened, “you will not talk like some ill-mannered boy, who thinks cursing makes him look tough.” The Dom walked over to his desk, opened the drawer and pulled something out that John couldn’t see. When the teenager tried to stand up to get a better view and possibly preparing himself to run if Mycroft turned around with a gun in his hand, he was stopped only by the Dom holding up his hand and motioning for him to stay still. “Because you’re not tough, are you John?” Mycroft asked as if he was talking to a five year old who refused to eat his vegetables. “I know you like to think you are. Open,” he said, presenting a white bar of what John realized was soap in front of the Sub’s mouth, waiting patiently.
“B-Because I was on the chat room, I wanted to stay with Sherlock, I wanted to bait Moriarty…I-I’m the reason he’s in jail! I caused all this!” John tried to hold it together and was giving it a valiant effort until the end when he let out the most horrible sob Mycroft had ever heard. It was naïve, of course, Mycroft knew but that didn’t matter because John believed it, John blamed himself for…
John looked down at his hospital gown that was now soaked with sweat and smelled faintly of throw up. Not only was it nasty, it offered little to shield him from the wind, so John scurried up the entrance and into the warm house. The Sub shook his head and limbs a bit, trying to get the blood back into them before he told Mycroft what was going to happen.
“Oh for Heaven’s sake, John, I’m not going to rape you. I’m afraid that would taint my results by putting a permanent bad taste in your mouth…no pun intended,” Sherlock smirked. John didn’t know if he should be furious that this arsehole was making jokes about raping him or relieved that he said he wouldn’t.
Sherlock ran over every part of his plan a dozen times before the cabbie pulled up to Hyde Park. The detective handed him the money and began walking towards Juliet, who was sitting on a bench. “Sherlock, hi, how are you,” she chimed nervously when she saw him coming towards her.
“So you can run? John, do you think me dense?”
“So that must have been why that reporter asked John about the ‘dirty details’ of our lives,” Sherlock said, stroking his chin. “She wants to bring you down, Mycroft. I’m assuming John knows, but will he tell her is the question.”
“Oh John,” Sherlock caressed his cheek, “because I’m taking care of you now, not doctors, not your mum, ME!” He smiled but John could feel the want and possessiveness coming from the hand on his cheek. Strangely enough though, that look wasn’t what scared the boy. It was the small part inside him that craved the kind of attention Sherlock adorned him with. Not only the attention, but the fact that the man thought he was important enough to be cared for so immensely, drove John’s young mind into a civil war. Ninety-five percent of his mind knew that Sherlock’s behavior was obsessive and dangerous, not to mention he’s sixteen years older; but the five percent, that small selfish part in the back of his mind was getting larger with every kiss and kind word from the older man. And that was what terrified John the most.
Sherlock actually growled when he slammed the door shut, locking it with a rough snap of his wrist and then walked over to grab the scones to get his mind back on what was important, John. As he passed through the living room, the black bag caught his eye again, sending a title wave of both curiosity and paranoia through his John starved mind. W
It just wasn’t right, giving in like this, being forced to choose if he wanted the gallows or the firing squad. The only way they would take him seriously was if he showed them he couldn’t be bribed with such luxuries.
Soon, John’s shoulders were being pulled so his head lay in Sherlock’s lap. His feet were then lifted up to splay out over Mycroft’s thighs. “No,” John whined, but the warmth below him and the humming of the car had him out like a light.
“Good boy. Go ahead Sherlock.”
John screamed and thrashed in Sherlock’s hold, landing one good punch behind him until his arms became too heavy for him to life. “Oh John, you really thought you could hide from me,” Sherlock whispered into his ear. John could hear the smugness in the man’s voice, but there was also a hint of lust and possession that made John shiver from the inside out. “I’ll always find you, John. Always.”
“You seemed to enjoy it,” Sherlock answered as got into the bed. He pulled the covers up around him and snuggled down deep.
John watched the hopefulness in Mycroft’s eyes return at the question, and knew the man was aware of what would happen if John said yes. “Then I will require you to tell Mr. Lestrade your decision and then Sherlock will come in to keep you company until the doctors say you can go home. I am sure you and my little brother will live an…interesting life together.”
“With the Sub Resistance you will start to understand what it truly means to be a Sub, John.”
The room was completely white, with a white bed in the center. John was strapped down by all four limbs, and lay calmly, looking at Greg standing in the corner. “What did you do to my brother?” Mycroft asked, walking over to loom above the vampire.
Sherlock was sitting in a sofa with his burnt arm tentatively held out to his brother, who sat next to him.  “Stop squirming, Sherlock,” Mycroft growled at his brother, who tried to jerk his arm away every five seconds. The elder Holmes was dabbing the burns with a soft cotton ball soaked in some sort of liquid, while the younger kept his head turned away with a pained expression on his face. “The sooner you start behaving the sooner it will be over, now hold still.”
“J-John,” Sherlock breathed, immediately pressing his nose against John’s neck. It smelled like home. Everything was alright now, his sire was there to take care of him. “John, I’m so…thirsty…please,” he whined. He had just gorged himself, but it was as if the blood had just disappeared right after it touched his tongue, providing no relief for his raging hunger.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft shouted as he and John burst through the door. Sherlock hissed at the human, then continued draining the nurse dry. John closed the door and took a deep breath, staring at the vampire he created.
Enjoy!
“You can’t tell me when I can and can’t-”
“Are you ready to eat, love?” John called from the kitchen, bringing Sherlock out of his musing. The young vampire was sitting on the couch with his knees pulled up to his chest as John brought in a bag of blood. “You’re doing really well, Sherlock. I’m so proud of you,” he praised, sitting down next to the tall vampire.
The man’s voice was so passionate, so smooth that it normally made John feel light headed, but when those words came from him, the teen felt like he had lifted off the bed and was floating in a warm cloud. No one, besides his mother of course, had ever said they loved him and he knew that Sherlock was telling the truth, he could hear it in his voice. This was not infatuation, this was real and John was falling into this head first, he loved it. “Are you still there, John?”
“How big are you?”
“No,” Sherlock said, maybe a tad too quickly. He had had enough of this waiting, damn it. Sherlock needed John’s teeth on him, now! Sherlock reached for the half full glass of water on the table and smashed it on the wood, leaving a big broken piece in his hand. He quickly turned his back to John and sliced a gash at the top and inner part of his thigh, right next to his crotch.
“Then we can run in and find her, that is if she’s still there. Who knows if they’ve already sold her,” Harry said but quickly hung her head, ashamed at even saying something like that.
John was vaguely aware of the younger brother coming in and sitting down at the table, fixing John with a murderous stare. “Oh Sherlock, don’t be a sore loser, of course the boy was going to pick the letter opener.”
Oh, this, this was just so perfect there was no way Sherlock could have planned it any better.
“Tell John what you did when you first met, Sherlock. Tell him what you did to his house, and, oh yes, why don’t you elaborate on how you planned on fucking him and keeping him as a toy the moment you first met. Go on!” he shouted.
Thank you again to everyone who left comments or kudos. It still seems surreal at how many people are reading and enjoying this fic.
When he looked down his hand was covered in blood.
The small hand felt amazing on him, tentative and inexperienced yes, but the fact that he didn’t even ask John to jerk him off made pleasure surge through him. When he felt his bullocks tighten from the boy having his way with him, Sherlock couldn’t stand it anymore and pulled John away and pressed him up against the wall. He felt the smooth warm back press back against his chest, realizing once again how much taller he was than the boy who loved him.
“See? I know you love it, so why do you always run from me?” Sherlock gave a particularly harsh thrust, hitting John’s prostate head on. The Doctor yelped at the sudden stimulation, his cock fully hard now. “I think you like it when I do this to you. Force you to take it. Hmm, do you like it John?”
“You’re just too tasty,” was all Sherlock said before he pulled John into a deep kiss. John always tried to be the dominate tongue, but Sherlock’s speed and skill always had him melting into the other man’s arms. While they kissed, John felt a flannel washing him with a gentleness that was only seen after a night of rough sex.
Suddenly, he sat up, looking around the room, which oddly enough looked like an ordinary bedroom compared to all the other mansions he’d stolen from. Huge windows with slightly billowing curtains, a canopy bed made of a dark stained wood, and beautiful ornately crafted furniture made up this ridiculously extravagant room, making John even more pissed.
Again, I still have no idea where this fic is going but I hope you enjoy the ride along with me.
If anyone is interested, the link below is what I've been using to research more on the psychology behind Stockholm Syndrome. It is extremely interesting and if you like that kind of thing I would highly recommend giving it a read.
“Poor Subs?” John asked, turning around to face Sherlock, his bare chest brushing up against the Dom’s purple dress shirt.
John turned as much as the hand on his shoulder would allow and looked down at Molly, who held her chocolate tightly to her chest, as if it was her bear. “I’m sorry Molly, I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Me too. So I get what Doms have done, and I completely understand why you want to hurt them, but I think I have a better solution.” John said, using his ‘big boy voice’ as Mycroft so lovingly called it.
John didn’t know how long he’d been out for, but he could tell that the sun was still up from a far window in the warehouse. His hands and feet were bound together, while his torso and thighs were tied to a wooden chair. The warehouse was almost completely empty, save for a few tarp covered items and two men; John Watson being one of them and he assumed the other was Mr. Moran.
“John!” Jim turned his dark brown eyes to peer up at John, pleading with him. “John, please don’t let them take it off. I just want to be normal. I just want to go live with Greg and Molly. Please!”
Sherlock leaned up and caressed the ‘SH’ on John’s shoulder, while his other hand ran through the sweaty blond locks matted to the boy’s head. “Mine, he whispered to the only person in the world who mattered.
Hey everyone, thanks again for all the support for this fic. Every comment and kudo mean a lot to me and keep me wanting to write more for you guys(:
“No, I would imagine not,” Mycroft said, placing a hand on John’s knee. John noticed how the Doms always had a hand on him. Whether his back, his neck, or even his knee, it seemed like they were always touching him.
With a smug grin on his face, Greg stood up tall and made his way towards Magnusson. Before he could react, Greg was on his back gasping for air as pain spread from his abdomen. “What the…what the fuck?!” he wheezed, looking down at his shaking body.
“So she’s a freed Sub, but she still works for you?” John paused, trying to think of one reason he would stay with Mycroft if he didn’t. “What’s wrong with her?”
Also, my plan is to have two more chapters (but they are probably going to be very long. LoL), ending with John's POV, and then an epilogue with Sherlock's POV, which will not be a parallel chapter but will only serve to 'fill in the holes,' so to speak. I am contemplating some new ideas to continue this series but I will most likely take a short hiatus so I can focus on another fic I've been wanting to start.
“Good morning, John. Sleep well,” Sherlock said, standing up and stretching out his bruised spine. He patted John on the head, earning a slight hiss. He smiled as he shut the door behind him.
John discusses his idea with his Doms. Some unexpected people show up at the interview.
he tried to convince himself but the soft beating of the heart next to his ear drowned out the sounds of his guilt and regret.
“Okay, then what?” Irene asked, though John could tell the woman had already made up her mind, and John could never convince her otherwise.
“Come on, Sherlock, we’re going to put you under this sheet for a bit. You’ll be fine. I’m right here with you, yeah,” John said, putting a white sheet over Sherlock. He could barely see the shadows of figures as the cloth was over his eyes, but he could feel the presence of two humans and one vampire, his sire. John put his arms around the tall vampire and led him out of the room and down a hallway.
“Easy,” Sherlock said again, adding a hand on top of John’s head this time, just in case.
“Greg,” John said, working his arms around Sherlock so he had the young vampire’s arms pinned to his sides. “Come closer. Let him smell you,” he said, easily restraining Sherlock.
Blood, sweet, sweet, blood flooded Sherlock’s mouth as he sucked against the skin in earnest. Greg tasted just like he smelled, like sweet cherries and smoked wood. It was the most delicious, fulfilling thing Sherlock had ever tasted, and he never wanted to let go. But, his sire seemed to have different ideas and pulled him back by the throat.
The shock is worse this time, nearly 25 seconds long. He convulses, desperately trying to breathe but failing. He bites the mouth guard so hard it nearly breaks.
Then it ends. When, he does not know. They take the picture of Watson and tear it up in front of him. Tears come to his eyes.
His hand also had a small mark on it.
—“ The beekeeper blushed. “Sorry, rambling again.”
He tries to sleep.
When they got here, Fernsby was one of the least densely populated towns in the north, so they decided to settle here.
Holmes goes willingly.
Feeling dread sink deep into the pit of his stomach, John dialed the number back with shaking hands, not bothering to listen to the messages.
Heiod and Jeremiah heard of the incident and were able to escape south, supposedly to London. The photograph you found was of Isebelle Thorne, the year she was murdered.”
Seeing Holmes curled up upon the bed, pale, gaunt, and trembling stirred the worst concerns in his mind imaginable.
Night falls, or at least, Holmes thinks it has. He has long ago lost time in here. He is cold, so cold he is almost hot. His skin stings and tingles, and no matter how he rubs his arms for warmth, it is not enough.
The events at Reichenbach Falls three years ago had shaken both men. Holmes had just returned, and falling back into a routine was no easy task. Watson was withdrawn, often times he would look happy for a moment, then return to his cold demeanor.
“Mr Holmes, he's got typhoid! Look at his hands, he's got typhoid!”
Sherlock was an excellent friend, in part because he was just a good human being and always listened to her, but also because he was gay, which meant she never had to worry about him turning creepy or expecting dates. Besides, they'd known each other since Primary School, they were like brother and sister, really. An awkward gay kid with a gift and a girl who could name more elements on the periodic table than she could celebrities, they'd been a bit out of the mix when they grew up in the 80s and 90s. So, the two freaks stuck together. That's what freaks do.
Lestrade does so, hearing every echo of his shoes hit the floor in the silent room. He walks through the door and nods to the man, who gives a nod back and moves away.
Sherlock glowed.
Elijah Smith nods, leaving the burning questions in his throat unasked.
They get him into bed, give him some brandy, and wash his hair. It is too long, and his jaw is lined with thickening stubble. Watson brushes his fingertips against it.
He can imagine it,  because he has been through it, though his body was young and strong at the time. Recalling those scarce memories brings a sharp spike of dread through him. He has not forgotten the pain.
Because Watson always protects him. Because Watson shows him endless loyalty. Because he owes everything to Watson, including his life.
The pain is so violent it is hard to even be afraid. His stomach and muscles scream for attention. His whole body feels like a wasteland.
“What will we do?” Watson finally says faintly. Holmes has already formed his plan, and he knows it will be a difficult one. There is an overwhelming sadness that crushes him as he looks into Watson's face and prepares himself to lie.
“Eat it slowly,” she says. “And drink some water.”
“I intend to offer you a plea bargain, my lord.”
His stomach sinks to the floor.
“You must be Doctor Watson,” Elijah says, shaking Watson's hand.
“Oh, well. . .here.” The florist picked up a box of primroses and handed it to John. “On me, for the new motel. Also, sorry my bees stung you.”
“I suppose so.”
“For you, John, I will do my best.”
“Indeed. Do hand me the keys and I will show you to his cellmates.”
“Thank you Lord,” he whispers. “Thank you.”
He smiled to himself.
“You're funny, Sherlock,” he said, amused.
“What do you mean?”
“Thank you, Mr Holmes,” she says tearfully, drawing away. “You have saved our lives.”
“I am going to die,” he says.
No, he cannot, and will not change his mind.
“Yessir, not to press too much,” Elijah says anxiously. “It's jus, me and Elaine have been in here for some time. The chance to get out. . .”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, flushing a bit and clearing a spot for John to sit.
“Thank you, Holmes.”
How dare Sherlock not tell her he had a crush? They would have words later.
“Okay Mr Danvers, here's your key. Hope you enjoy your stay.”
he thought,
He has only one thought in his mind:
Gregson nods, and continues his questions about when the affair started and such, and Holmes answers them with as much truth as he can, and hopes Watson will do well for himself in the other room.
The swift sound of typing.
The next morning, he feels himself worsening. He can barely breathe through the pain. Yet he aches to know the contents of the letter.
He is shivering, covered by a sparse, terse blanket. His muscles scream and his head is pounding in rhythm like a sickening metronome. He has to sit still for several moments so as not to be sick on himself.
“What is your name?” he asks.
Holmes is dizzy from blood loss. The rat bit deeper than he had previously thought, and he grips it tightly as blood oozes down his bare skin.
It was time now that his drunkenness went from that raucous, hilarious state and sunk into a more melancholy, 'I'm-going-to-be-sad-now' state. It happened as he was sobering up, but no quite sober yet.
He hadn't even gone to see the place before buying it—he'd looked at pictures online—but the thing was going for cheap and he wanted to get out of London before he lost his mind, and—why not? He couldn't live on his army pension forever, and his mother had always told him that one day she would buy an inn on a big hill and they'd live upstairs and know everyone in the little town beneath the hill.
They can say nothing more, it is too dangerous here.
He has never been in so much pain.
At Newgate, he is given prison garb and put into a cell. Ironically enough, he has been in Newgate before, to interview criminals. Now he is the criminal.
“I am not to be feared,” Holmes says, hoping she will understand this. “I am very sane, mind you.”
Though he told Watson vehemently that the reason he did not correspond with him during his time abroad was because he feared
It is in the papers, of course. His entire undercover operation takes the media into a “spy story” frenzy, and it seems everyone forgets his crime. Sometimes, he will hear a whisper on the street of that dirty Holmes fellow—and Watson will be about ready to turn around and fight, but they pull along and say nothing of it. People will always talk.
“My name is Martha Hudson. I'm your neighbor. I just thought it would be nice to say hello and bring you this.”
Word comes from Mycroft on 17
And he leaves.
He yearned for some sort of company—Violet was very nice, and she tended well to the house and the several patrons John housed, but she was only half his age, (nineteen?) or too young anyway. Mrs Hudson visited frequently, and she was always pleasant to have a chat with, but John thought he really ought to get back on the market and meet somebody. If he was going to live here, it would be nice to have a wife and a kid or two and have that proper, normal family his dad was always on about.
But now here he is, as he sits next to Watson and across from Lestrade, looking at him almost pleadingly.
“It's too light in here,” Sherlock complained. He hazardously tripped his way to the light switch and turned it off. That left them in complete darkness. So he turned it back on, rummaged around for a candle, lit it, and turned the lights back off.
John watched silently as Darius opened his trunk and removed a large box.
“Holmes, perhaps you are not remembering that you yourself are a patient here,” Watson reminds him. “You must be cautious.”
Scoffing at his own paranoia, he set out for his task.
They do not speak for a while. Holmes lets the tears of pain and guilt fall, and he trembles and tries to control himself.
Popping off her jacket, she plopped into the chair beside the counter and started her rant.
He is feeling better than he has since the investigation started—with Watson by his side again, he is completely reanimated. Though he fears it will not last long.
“She's like the mum, right?”
It couldn't be, could it?
of the baton across the man's back. The man screams.
Sherlock shook his head in disgust at the end of the story.
John smiled.
Watson does come to him.
This shocks Gregson a bit, and Holmes sees disgust crawl over his features, but ignores it. It is crucial to his plan that everyone in the Yard is aware of at least part of the truth.
There will be no need for Holmes to appear in front of a jury, because he plans on pleading guilty.
“The police and Danvers have a. . .silent contract. Danvers keeps the town going, the police don't tear them down. I was hoping you would find out. . .later. Didn't really want this scaring you out of here.” He smiled feebly.
By the end of the week John had forgotten all about the old Bible in the attic and was focused once more on getting ready for his grand opening.
he thinks.
“Oh, er, hi,” John said. “I was just, em—“
“He's an idiot, Irene. You'll find someone better. But if you ever want me to—“
A week into their relationship that Oscar Wilde was charged with gross indecency towards men.
Life for the first week in Fernsby was. . .something. Menial, mostly. John ripped out moldy carpets and fixed toilets and generally spent a lot of time cleaning and dusty and scrubbing things, only leaving to get groceries once.
“How else would I know what to do?”
“You need to tell him, John. That poor man thinks you don’t love him the way he loves you. He’s just seen us walk out of his flat looking like a statistical example of a nuclear family. He’s got to be terrified of what he’d just seen.”
I nearly choked on my sandwich. I patted my chest with gusto to try to dislodge the chunk of sandwich from my windpipe. “He doesn’t hate you.” I spluttered.
“He said a five. Body is fresh. SOCO is almost finished with the scene. They should be done around the time we’d arrive.”
Sherlock stepped towards John’s back and spun him around, and was startled by the chunk of glass jutting from the meaty part of his hand underneath his right thumb.
Sherlock snapped his neck towards John’s voice and tilted it as he turned. He reached for John’s injured hand and slapped John’s left hand away and undid John’s wrapping job so he could see the injury with his own eyes.
“Don’t hold your breath. Keep breathing, Sherlock. That’s it, it can last a few more seconds if you breathe through it.”
“I think I might need your help, if you’re okay with that.” Sherlock stood as straight as John’s ever seen him. “I suppose I could do that for you. If you really need me to.”
“Please stop ruminating, John. You’re being tedious.” Sherlock tried to maintain a bit of haughtiness, but his brain was still floating along with the oxytocin flowing through his veins. John exhaled the breath he’d drawn during the replay of the new memory. “The fact that someone I love was hurt tonight and I’m upset about it? That’s tedious?” John could feel Sherlock’s eyelashes tickling his breast.
"You're like no one I've ever known. I figured that out the day we met. I don't think there's anyone else on this Earth like you. I wanted you in my life as soon as I saw you in that lab.”
John held up his uninjured hand while his right remained on the tabletop. “Hey, now. Calm down. I wasn’t insinuating anything. You’re the one who used the word ‘reckless’ to describe what happened tonight. I would’ve called it ‘clumsy’ myself.”
“The worst part? She died first! She never got to have any peace before she passed. He won, even in death. I see a lot of me in him. The moodiness. How mean I can be. The violence. I don’t want that for anyone who cares for me. I don’t want to be him. I hope you never see me the way I see myself.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Would it be all right if I took a bit to review and analyze some data that’s just flickered to life in my Mind Palace?”
“Oh! With pleasure!”
“John. Do not speak of ‘piping down’ while we are out in public. We wouldn’t want to scandalise your medical handlers.”
“I don’t deserve Mrs. Hudson, or you, for that matter.”
Trigger warning for drug addiction and potential relapse.
“Get over here, you idiot!”
“Hey, Sherlock!”
“Give me your hand, sweetheart. Hold on to me.”
“I think it’s partially dislocated, so I’m going to need your help getting it back in place.”
“I can agree to those terms.” Sherlock smiled, despite the heaviness of the topic at hand. There was a bit of sadness behind it, but it there for a reason. John set the plate on the coffee table and inched closer to Sherlock, tipping forward, his forehead resting against Sherlock’s. He spoke against Sherlock’s face, his chocolatey breath further warming his words:
“Wasn’t there a bomb vest?”
“I’m a bit hurt that you didn’t tell us about this sooner. But I suppose I can understand it a bit. This is going to be difficult to keep from the little one as she gets older. She’s bound to start asking questions about her mother sooner rather than later. I hope you boys have put a bit of thought to what you plan on telling her when the time comes.”
“Such are the pitfalls of being parents. Rosie is pretty cute and all-around amazing, so I think I forgive her for getting sick today.”
“Hello, my darling! You and your dads doing all right today?”
“Should you maybe lie on your back? You won’t be able to hold this on yourself if you fall asleep.”
Sherlock slid his arms under John’s back and John tightened his legs around Sherlock.
“What are you on about?” I asked, a bit befuddled as I took a rather large bite from my ham on brown bread. I’m trying to be a bit healthier. Coming up on fifty soon enough.
