“Ruby’s idea of a stag night, was a round of strip poker, then because I’m a lightweight and I cannot hold my alcohol, she fired up a game of Tequila Tango.”
"But then someone comes along, eager to prove to you that you're not so bad after all," Sam reassured him in a calm voice. "And as much as I've been there for you, I know that that person is definitely Cas."
“Several times,” Castiel said softly, taking tentative steps closer as the office weighed down with so much sexual tension. When Dean’s lips parted, the older man examined the stunned expression and still closed the distance between them. He swallowed and held his breath, his disposition registering nothing but openness. “My hands wander, and I lose my mind thinking of you touching me, of you kissing me. And now I'm turning the situation into quite an uncomfortable one because we're speaking about sex and I cannot control how my body reacts when I think of you…touching me, so please, can we refrain from expounding?”
"Yes," Castiel nodded. He tried the cocktail again and inhaled deeply. "I was pulled back into Heaven to be disciplined because of my feelings for you."
And thus, the lamentations continued until they were all called over to join a game of cards. From there, no conversation was entertained between the two of them but the enacted gazes from across the table and the reaching of their hearts and desire and passion between each other.
For a while, Cas said nothing. The wind spoke a little though. It howled around the building painted in white with wooden walls and a daunting look. It whispered around a stone statue of Mary and baby Jesus swathed in her arms as she gazed down upon him lovingly. And the wind made the flowers dance happily, the leaves rustled and the bell on the gate tinkled a haunting tune.
part,” Castiel finally spoke up with a chuckle. “The scent lingers inside your mind for as long as you remain attracted to the person. It’s rather much proven also that scents stimulate feelings. For example, lavender induces sleep.”
“Sammy, it’s I’m far gone, okay?” Dean’s voice strained from the pressure. “Dammit, I’m buried deep before I could even realize it and now, I’m nowhere close to knowing what the hell to do about it all.”
“Dean, wasn’t Lee that vet’s kid? The one who strapped that goddamn lizard to a home-made rocket?” John asked from the living room, the movie long forgotten as it played out on the television. Chevy Chase was delivering his famous speech about his long promised bonus whilst the entire family gathered around.
“I want to spend the rest of my life with you, sweetheart,” Castiel rested their foreheads together and wrapped his arms around Dean, pulling him in close. “I want to…as crazy as it sounds…get married to you like you once promised me on the phone when we were so far away from each other. And I want us to live inside our own Jane Austen fairytale. I want to wake up next to you every day after I move into Northampton and eat breakfast with you whilst having tea.”
“But you, the way you talked about her, she must be the most precious thing ever. I’m thinking one of those fully educated gals who was lucky enough to tie down a good looker like you. And man is she lucky. You’re fucking gifted in all areas and I mean…” her blue eyes lowered between Dean’s legs, “all areas.”
Now, he was lying in a hospital bed, unconscious and bruised and he wasn't even nearby to rush to his side, to tend to him, to prevent all of this from happening in the first place. He could have prevented it if he stayed. He could have kept Dean by his side or followed him when they went out to buy groceries and nothing like this would have happened. It was his fault. It was all his fault because he was too reckless and only cared about himself, and his wealth and his reputation. And now he would die, would really die if Dean was too wounded to survive.
was what they were always missing. This was the missing piece, the burden that weighed down over the years when they never touched each other or they never understood that gender couldn’t prevent them from experiencing so much beautiful pleasure. And just when the younger man decided that he would let go of Castiel’s thighs and graze his thumb across parted lips, a hoarse cry escaped instead as blue eyes widened.
“Only for like ten minutes.” Green eyes sparkled, knowing well enough that five indeed felt like ten and for obvious reasons. “Jesus, Cas. Where the hell do you get all that energy? It’s like you’re running on energizer batteries.”
“Shit, they’re coming out,” Ruby hoisted her Nikon up and the two of them shoved their way through the reporters. “Here, hold this. I want a good shot of the three of them together.”
Now they were separated from each other. They were part of two different worlds. And the more Cas thought about the last time he stared into those green eyes that held a million torches burning behind them, he could feel nothing but uncertainty. And the feeling of Dean literally grasping at the fringes around his belief in love.
Dean slowly thumbed the lid upwards until he was braced with the most spectacular gold ring capturing small diamonds and gasping, he weakly lowered himself onto the edge of the bed. Tears clouded his vision, chest growing so constricted and his knees…he couldn't feel anything apart from heavy shock, and even before he understood what was happening to him, the little croak of pleasure emanating from his lips sounded completely unlike anything he had ever experienced.
Without another word between them but the wild beating of their hearts, they approached the space between their special place by the window and the chair where Ellen was seated with John. And because Dean understood that he would cry if their gaze prolonged, he wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck and accepted defeat. Burying his face into the warm nape of the older man’s right shoulder, he closed his eyes and drowned in the familiar scent of a cologne that would always be treasured by him. The subtle hints of apple mixed with bergamot and the underlying tones of vanilla and jasmine were small details that meant the world to Dean.
Sighing, both of them studied the view outside of the window that comprised of the bustling activity in front of Westfordshire Castle. Guests were still arriving and some leaving, as cars crawled along the curb to swallow up people dressed in an abundance of styles.
Nodding slowly, thankful too that the older man could clearly understand him without having to provide further clarity, Dean sighed. “Yeah, well, it’s best to leave those spaces open for the victims who really and truly suffered from the whole damn thing, right?”
“I have to leave for a week,” Dean said regrettably whilst they passed through the trees and listened to the leaves rustling. “My flight’s at midnight.”
Dean on the other hand, remained so tense, he eventually discovered that taking measured breaths was a struggle. Thank goodness he didn’t initiate the conversation via calling the older man or else the tremor in his voice would become much more evident and then the tears may burst forth. But evidently such tears weren’t necessary after he stared at the response on his phone.
“Your apartment in New York is a shithole,” Ruby poked him in the chest. “You’ve turned the damn thing into a bachelor’s quarters that is plain. And ugly and boring. Stop trying to push yourself down the ladder when you can climb up and live a better life.”
"I have never been intimate with a man before," Cas interrupted as Dean glanced into the backseat to ensure that Sam was tucked away in dreamland. "Have you?"
The one person from management who actually gave a fuck about his employees’ well-being except for the Human Resource Manager, Ellen Harvelle. She possessed an abundance of compassion and a lot of sass. But Sam Winchester was Dean’s younger brother and exactly his opposite; funny, playful, charming, fun. On most nights, he joined them for drinks and was such a lightweight, they took turns getting him to his door. But above everything else, Sam never went down hard on them for late submission of reports.
“Claire, I felt like a failure,” Castiel’s voice cracked, his complexion paling considerably, “after I could not even save your mother, I thought that I could save no one else. And at the time, my mother was entirely convinced that the marriage was disastrous and she would not allow me to bring you into his house. My mother wasn’t a nice person,” he weakened from his daughter’s tears staining her cheeks. “You would not have liked her very much. And I’m glad that you did not have to suffer under her care that is why I pleaded with Jody and Donna to take care of you because I knew them for many years. I knew that they would do the job splendidly.”
“Bring him upstairs when you’re done admiring his face that looks as handsome as mine,” Sam referred to the baby before reaching the staircase and admiring Castiel choosing to sit on the chair beside Dean.  “Jess is probably trying to put the other two in bed so that might take a while. But you two…bond and talk about things. No better way to do that than over a baby.” And just like that, he skipped up the steps and disappeared.
Dean nodded slowly and tried to hold the tears at bay because if he cried, Castiel would and it wasn't the best thing to begin Christmas day with. So instead of allowing them to linger in that moment, he crawled closer on all fours, pushed the gifts away and grinned from ear to ear when the older man sunk back into the rumpled pillows. Those blue eyes were wide, searching and with so much depth, and when they kissed, both of them moaned low and throaty. Until they were depriving each other of their pajamas, tossing those aside and tasting inches of skin.
He hit his thumb on SEND and continued to hold his breath for a long time after the message was immediately read and Castiel’s status registered as ONLINE. Apparently, the older man was frequently in possession of his phone and perfectly latched on to such, or maybe, he was awaiting the message all day. The latter seemed to be the most obvious reason based on the response that came after a long while.
"Of course you'd think that of me," Dean said with a scoff, and the shake of his head. "You're the one person who loves me more than I love myself. I'm not a knight in shining armor, Cas. I'm more like a princess."
There were certain things that fitted together perfectly, and others that never would, and most definitely, love happened in the right time. That much Dean was sure of when he pushed the pie into the oven and hopped onto the counter, green eyes peering out the window towards the White Mountains.
“What about Castiel?” Donna frowned at her wife. “Doesn’t miss a dinner,” this she directed at Dean who avoided Claire’s grin like the plague. “Always good with conversation. I bet the two of them talk lots. Castiel always brought up the best topics.”
“You look so different,” was Charlie’s warm greeting the moment she rode over on Friday morning and hopped of the Harley. Smiling widely, the two of them embraced then she held her friend at arm’s length and scrutinized his countenance. “There’s something definitely different about you. You’re…glowing these days.”
Sam sighed, gingerly chewed his lips and glanced around the vicinity containing a scarce amount of people who were either too distressed or too busied to reach their destinations. They weren't paying no attention to two men standing in each other's presence, obviously entertaining a heavily burdened conversation.
“Call me that again,” he started to walk down the corridor that was cool and quiet, “and I’ll take that goddamn notebook covered in bees and shove it up your ass.”
“Wait, what?” Dean’s eyes widened. He dropped the fork into the bowl and was filled with confusion that felt like cotton balls stuffed inside of his chest. Studying Castiel’s face, he detected a slightly downcast countenance. “What do you mean if I choose
was never pursued but Castiel decided to lead Hanna away. From there, Dean decided that he was unfortunate enough to become a ridiculous toy to be cast off and made a mockery of and because he was not so long-ago swimming in adoration for the older man, those feelings gradually burned into frustration and anger.
"Um, nothing special really. Just two of them. One with black and white beads. And the other one has like four or five colors."
“Okay, so when I go anywhere and my crazy fangirls ask me if I’m free, I’ll tell them that I’ll never be available in any lifetime to come because I’ve found a king who owns my heart. My own special person who I can’t live without.”
He bit down on Dean's shoulder and lifting his hips just enough to grind them together, until he felt himself crying but was really in the moment of experiencing an out-of-body climax. It was addicting to anticipate it and then reach it so suddenly, feeling the ache inside his throat from his vocals being strained and still trying to say something.
By the time they pulled apart, breathless and wide-eyed, Penny from the BBC and her camera man managed to capture the scene in the most perfect shot. Whilst three other reporters stared back in awe as the rest of persons passing by on the sidewalk stopped to consider the small crowd gathering. And although Castiel was immediately braced with a sense of fright, Dean’s countenance quickly moved from stunned to cheerful.
Jo kept coming into his mind over and over again and his father’s warnings about keeping a distance for good reasons seemed like an even better idea than before. He always used to declare that she was too modern for Dean’s tastes and her lifestyle settled more on thrills first and books later. Whereas Dean was the opposite and although opposites did attract, in their case, he was beginning to feel like their relationship was based on a pity game instead of anything genuine.
“No, Cas. I’m sailing because I’m talking to you.” Dean was silent for a moment. “After four weeks and two days, why are you calling me now? Just curious.”
Whilst Sam closed the book titled ‘Aliens and Assumptions’, somewhere a few miles away inside a quaint drinking hole, a bartender with a pot belly was slowly wiping away the grime from the prior night’s ramblings. He scowled at the amount of liquor discarded on the floorboards, hated the wasteful food left on tables and realized that one of his pool sticks was missing. And after he swore loudly, directly upstairs as the clock crept to 3am, Dean’s eyes suddenly snapped open.
"Sad details," Chuck sighed, folded his arms and surveyed the view with a serious look now, "also sad that you felt the need to defy me over and over again by completely blurring the lines of your job."
With one week remaining before Christmas, many surprises opened up like gifts, whether reflective of bad people or amazing occurrences, everyone was soon to discover that nothing should be taken for granted.
With his heart sighing, and feeling slightly anxious and elated at the same time from hearing the other man's voice, he confirmed the request and waited. When his phone vibrated immediately afterwards, Dean quickly slid his thumb to answer the call and could have felt himself blushing instantly.
Dean missed Cas so much, he cried into his knees and didn’t even recognize the absent sound of the running tap when his brother turned it off.
Billie Eilish's voice was soft like caresses on his heart. Her lyrics were haunting to him with so much depth. He was left to become too mesmerized.
"Yeah, well then can I come stay with you for the night?" Dean understood that he was asking too much and that the request was ridiculous, but he still hoped. "I don't want to sleep alone, huggy bear."
“I’m not…” Dean sighed and tried to control his breathing. “Cas, I’m not scared of you. I trust you with all my damn heart, okay? I’m not saying we can’t…do other things…”
Along with the entire Winchester family, Charlie, Donna, Jody were all invited with high hopes of including Balthazar and Castiel although they weren’t expected back for that evening. Claire on the other hand mysteriously disappeared again and for a long time since Dean’s encounter with her, decided that she preferred to skip town and dwell among some old chums. And although his mind kept wandering back to his best friend and how he must have taken the news about his daughter pulling a disappearing act again, the joy of a family dinner for the season was too glorious to dampen his spirits.
"Mine too," Castiel was still in awe. "But I'm still not convinced. You could have known all that about me if you easily asked my cat."
although spending years treasuring it with nothing but the warmest sentiments. Besides, wouldn’t it be quite ridiculous to even ascertain that there was anything more than friendship blooming between them?
“This is pretty much the final year. I’d say up to May I’m going to be done and ready to finally decide what I want to do with my life. You know what’s funny?” Dean dusted a leaf away from the hood of the car. “Loads of people can literally map out the next five years of their life. They can see things happening for them based on their hopes and dreams but for me…” he sighed and applied some more detailing liquid onto the cloth, “I can’t see past my damn nose.”
"Fetish of yours?" Sam joked but failed terribly. The look in his brother's eyes went flat. "Alright, bad timing. I'm sorry," he held up his hands. "What happened exactly?"
“A woman’s body is beautiful and should be appreciated,” Castiel said softly, rereading his last paragraph, “but although I
“Cas! What the…” collecting Castiel’s hand, Dean rested their tattoos side by side and stared. The handwriting was very similar if not the same and because he was craving to touch the older man, he carefully rubbed his thumb over every letter slowly, almost returning the favor.
"Call me crazy," Dean frowned the info they had obtained, "but I feel like we're looking for Pennywise."
Dean actually scoffed and shook his head because the notion was a little too unbelievable to digest. “What’s the point, Cas? You’re just going to dig yourself closer to hell whilst the other person is going about their life happy as ever.”
“It’s not funny. Dammit, Cas,” Dean frowned and those green eyes lowered. “You have no idea what this means to me. Yesterday I couldn’t see this coming. I was ready to finish high school without ever telling you how I feel.”
“Alright,” he glanced at Benny who offered a wildly fascinated look, clearly confused why the match was somehow deemed as ideal. “Knock yourself out and have as much tea as you want. Don’t drown in there though.”
“He made your life a living hell,” she sympathized. The two of them looked at each other. “Look, I’m sorry about hitting you with the stuff I said earlier. I just felt like you needed to know.”
“Yeah you do,” he returned heatedly, clearly upset with me and I couldn’t determine what I did to deserve this. “You’re pristine. You don’t have my demons twisting inside of you every goddamn day.”
because he realized that the weight of the silence was hanging like a heavy wrecking ball, another idea blossomed.
"You are unbelievable," Dean shook his head and reaching up, he wiped away the tears on his cheeks. "How the hell can you sit there and justify your actions with the way I feel about you? Are you trying to tell me that it's okay for you to lie to me and then, because I love you, I'll understand?"
The silence that followed was dragged along with the ticking of the clock and Dean holding his breath still, awaiting another sentence, at least one more word. But nothing filled the air between them, but the evident disappointment on the older man's part because of his inability to gain confidence in their match. Possibly this was why people kept lamenting about the best love never being the easiest, because two people who were so perfect for each other would always doubt their bond. Through the first stages, just like them, they would come to terms with how perfect everything seemed to be, but still dwell on the possibility of all of it shattering.
"The military," Dean said sourly, glaring at his father who appeared contented by his son's reaction. "Sending me away because you've always wanted to. Because you can't stand the sight of me. You know what, dad? This is why I've always hated being a part of this family. It's because you've never been proud of me. You never understood the things I suffer from."
Castiel’s cheeks turned crimson. “Shut up,” he said, picking up a pillow and throwing it, “I wouldn’t say anything else about it. Except that I like what I’ve seen. Very, very much.”
“Dean, that’s enough teasing for one afternoon. I think you should go and take a shower before dinner instead of harassing poor Cas. Go on!” she shushed him out of the room and as he left, Dean offered a long scrutiny on his friend’s character. “And get those books in order. Always have me talking to him like he’s still a kid,” she said to Castiel afterwards. “I swear, I still want to tan his hide even now because of his pride. And you encourage him too!”
“You…tease. You…handsome and wonderful man,” Castiel’s eyes fluttered close when the Prince brushed their noses together affectionately. He could almost instantaneously feel the pull between them strengthen. “Christ, you smell so good.”
Jo was smiling, so open with her teasing that her friend dreaded the questions ringing around in that nosy mind of hers. “How about you, sweet cheeks?” she prodded Cas’ bubble that he was caught in. “You look like a fruit punch kind of guy. Unlike this asshole here who was born with a beer bottle in his hand.”
By the time they rolled into Jody's driveway, Dean was completely drained from the playlist that he turned off the ignition and sat there staring into space. Cas studied his demeanor silently. He gathered his coat around him and sat up, fearing the worst criticism ever from his mixtape. But Dean wasn't entirely dissatisfied. No. Instead, he slowly released the steering wheel and inched his right hand closer to the angel's fingers resting on the seat between them. And when Cas returned the gesture of holding his hand so lovingly, Dean's chest trembled from a shaky sigh.
Cas was falling apart every single second that slipped by. He was slowly unbecoming a celestial entity and becoming a human. An embodiment of swirling emotions and undisciplined desires. And behind those blue eyes, the softest shade of blue, there Dean's soul slipped in and found the meaning of home. And he wanted to stay there forever inside Cas' eyes. He wanted to become lost away in there. To lose himself.
“Dean, I’m so sorry!” When Castiel tugged his phone out of his blue sweater, green eyes latched onto it. “I didn’t listen to your voice note,” he confessed softly, “my brother found a snake nesting in the washroom and all hell broke loose. Afterwards I…spent a considerable amount of time consoling Hanna who was actually on her way in to use the washroom. And then we came right over and well…your father couldn’t stop talking about how thrilled he was to have you back here—”
“Combing the doll’s hair, putting on a bit of blush and lipstick and most of all!” Sam batted away his brother’s hands whilst grinning at Castiel, “he dresses them in matching outfits and shoes. Goddamn it! Don’t touch my hair!” Sam ducked away and held up his hands as if forming a shield over his luscious locks.
He coaxed their best efforts out and relied on their inward belief to keep the company’s best interests in mind.
“Dammit, I should go back home then,” Dean rolled his eyes and stepped into the foyer, then slipping off his coat, he hung it up and turned to the older man who was swelling with glee. “What’s got you looking like a kid in a candy store?”
“I’ll join you.” When his green eyes lifted and widened, I smiled and offered a shrug. “You’re important. After all, you’re the CEO, right? I have to do as I’m told.” And oh shit how that sounded so horrible the moment I had spoken those words, that I froze up, swallowed and stared back.
Dean felt like he was about to die from the confession but if they were to break the wall between them, then the words had to be sent. “Yeah, I’m done. You?” he was really curious to learn what Cas was afraid of telling him face to face.
The smell of spices consumed the room, and peas. Lots of peas were being grinded and mango fried in round bottom pots. And although he hadn't eaten since that morning, it was half past three in the afternoon and Sam was growing hungry by the minute. So hungry, that he literally wanted to eat the shredded mango from Mala's auntie's metal basin.
For a few seconds, Cas merely thought about it. Then he sighed too. "Like I had consumed some kind of a drug that was causing my body to feel sensitive in every area. And the more I thought about our kiss, I thought about your kisses extending beyond my lips."
The tears flowed, they most certainly did after the last message and because he was too fatigued to reply, Dean locked his phone and settled onto the chair. His heart was squeezing from the pain of holding back a confession, but his brain was screaming for those words to remain inside of his head. And because both were at war, Dean’s only alternative was to drink; something he never did frequently.
Dean’s chest heaved uncontrollably. “Keep on talking to me like that, and I’ll lose my goddamn mind,” his voice was huskier as he ducked his head down, dragging his tongue along the curve of Castiel’s shoulder to taste the salt on his skin.
“I know, I know. And I’m ashamed of it. But then there is so much certainty and then so many blank spaces. I’m not sure where we are….
There was so much of a struggle happening in every single action; whether it was the slight tremble of Dean’s fingers, or the shifty eyes. Whether it was the light, breathless tone and the overly chatty mood to somehow serve as a distraction from reality. And whilst he wasn’t equipped with enough as Annalise over the years, Castiel was learning that Dean could be the most amazing warrior he ever met in his entire life.
"Cas, slow down, okay? You're running away from me here," Dean didn't realize that his voice was strained until a slight tickle emanated from his throat. Only then did he notice how his chest felt heavy still and burdened by something that could not identify itself easily. "Don't apologize, man. It's not a big deal anyway and look, you can ask me whatever you want to. You're entitled to because we're
“Wait, what is he talking about?” Charlie frowned deeply at her friend as the car wound its way through the forest still glowing from the afternoon sun’s rays. Rain still kept threatening to wash the town every day which is why Charlie decided to wear capris instead of long pants. “Dean, are you going to tell me what’s going on?”
When the group headed back and Dean walked him up to the door, by then Castiel’s head was spinning because there was something that he wanted so much to happen. There was just one that he kept dreaming of on the car ride back home and when Dean stopped and they faced each other, Castiel’s knees weakened so much. And all he could do was gaze into green eyes and pray that this really meant something.
“Have I actually rendered Dean Winchester speechless?” Castiel stared back, absolutely impressed by the silence. “The young man who is always quick to offer a comeback.”
The spot was a very sensitive one and immediately, Dean’s toes curled in his boots. “Damn. You’re like a feisty kitten.”
“Brother,” Lee couldn’t contain his excitement as he tugged the two of them away into a corner and faced Dean with mild fascination, “I wasn’t expecting this at all. Not that I’m judging you. Of course, I’d never judge you. But this is such a shocker to me that you’d actually end up with a guy and not just any guy. He looks…” after considering Castiel again, who was entertaining a conversation with the cashier in hushed tones, Lee shook his head, “like a fucking Prince. He’s got to be filthy rich judging from his damn coat and shoes. My friend, you hit the fucking jackpot.”
“Just wait till the two of you are alone and go for it. You’ll know what to do and don’t jump too fast. Just go slow at first until you’re pretty sure where he likes being touched and try to remember where those places are. Then you just throw him down on the chair and show him who’s the boss.”
"And you…never felt the need to admit this to me?" Cas sounded so hurt, Dean stared at him with a look of surprise. "It's been ten years, Dean. Ten long years of Heaven and hell for me. Of all the times I've spent loving you, were better than Heaven ever could be. And all these years of fighting to deny my feelings have been much close to hell."
“You’re looking at me like you can literally see inside my head,” Dean’s voice shook him from daydreaming. “Is my mind more like…filled with rainbows and unicorns or roses, vines and thorns?”
Jack was hugging Dean and he didn't seem to want to let go. "I officially have two dads now. And a very tall brother."
, which means that it's not some dating game that will come to an end. It's the beginning of an amazing journey where you literally spend the rest of your life with this guy. This is
The last note was just an inch away from the foot of the chair by the table. And he didn't quite notice the soft footstep behind him as he stooped to pick it up. Cas was so overwhelmed by the emotions swirling inside his heart and his mind that he wasn't aware of anything else. And when he read the final note, perhaps his entire world seemed to tilt on its axis.
"Right, right," Dean frowned from the change in tone and stopped just enough to focus, "uh, you said you'll call when you get time."
“But isn’t a unicorn…kind of like someone who sleeps around with different people or…you know, gets tangled up with couples as a third wheel or something?”
“Look,” Ruby sighed and softened, moving around the books slowly into a box, “I’m so sorry, okay? I didn’t mean that, and sure I’m being selfish but maybe all I want is to see you happy and at this point, I totally support you going back to London to try to be with Dean. But suppose it doesn’t work out, Cas? Suppose he just moved on and you’re stuck way behind?”
“You know, it’s funny that you’d think that,” Dean laughed, licking icing from his thumb, “I used to think the same thing about him when I was a kid, especially when my mom kept telling me and Sammy that angels were watching over us. I mean, he was right there with the bluest eyes that always look so damn…ethereal.”
“Way to go calling your best friend and future brother-in-law abnormal, Cas”, Sam grinned despite the snide remark. “Remember I was the one who always used to be there for you when Dean kicked you down. Although he owns your heart by now, I was your shoulder to cry on way before the two of you happened.”
Swinging a leg over her bike, Charlie walked backwards and shook her head. “I can’t wait to meet Castiel. He must be dreamy for you to fall in love with.”
"You need him to talk more than he's already doing? Jesus, Cas, it's as plain as day what's happening here—"
"Well just know that you should probably keep that kind of information to yourself," Sam advised based on his legal instincts, "unless you want to be dragged into this whole mess…"
Without a warning, Amanda tugged Dean’s lips onto hers and initiated a reassuring kiss as if sealing a promise. And truthfully, he felt nothing but sincerity in knowing that he had somehow gained a friend in the most unusual way and…
As much as Cas wanted to turn around and run into Dean's arms, he was so conflicted from the things the hunter had said to him, that he continued climbing the steps. He continued because he really couldn't stay any longer, not whilst they were mad at each other. And the more distance he put between the two of them, Cas sobbed as his chest felt like it would explode.
"With two weeks left to being wed to the Duchess of Emmerdale, Prince Dean has yet again made a wild public appearance. Could this be a repetition of his history of being the Rebel of the Royal Family? Let's take a look."
But he had to admit one thing. Over the years whenever he was hospitalized or was ever sick, Adam and Sam always pooled their allowances to buy him anything that would make him happy again.
“I…can’t,” Dean shook his head and gave in to small sobs, his face contorting from the pain. “He’s going to hate me a lot more if I say the things I want to say.”
"Where are you going?" Castiel croaked, gloved hand reaching out to fold over Dean's own gripping the steering wheel. "You'll drive Jody and Donna and your father home and then you'll come back. Hmm?"
When the movie rolled fifteen minutes in, by then, it became apparent that Charlie hugged her own popcorn whilst he was left to share with his dear smitten best friend. And he was absolutely still unsettled by the whole matter, barely able to pay attention to the movie and still wondering why he was so unfortunate enough to be kept in the dark.
Claire had lost her parents and so did Dean. Claire had been pushed into hunting for her father then her mother and so did Dean. She hated affection. Dean stiffened whenever Cas hugged him. Dean hated stuffed animals just like she did. And sometimes, maybe even more now as she sat next to him, Castiel dreamed about another path in life where he could have been in a female vessel and maybe they could have a child like Claire.
"Maybe it's too much?" Dean whispered as he drifted nearer and decided to settle into the small space that appeared so cozy. "Like you said before, I take things too seriously and it always turns into an argument and I'm sorry about the way I react, but it's only because I'm in love with you. That's why every single thing you say to me has a heavier meaning and I just can't take your words lightly."
"It's a key to my apartment within the mansion which I hope that you may wish to use as often as you like…Dean…"
"Well, that ain't fair, Cas," Ellen collected another fish from him and quickly gutted it in a matter of seconds. Her skills would never be replaced in their meshed households in every area possible. "He's twenty-five. He's a goddamn kind hearted soul that doesn't deserve your hellfire and I'll be damned if you hurt him—"
Well into his forties, the word perhaps sounded too immature for a man of his stature and distinguished talents, which is why the term ‘partner’ was used. Initially, when Dean thought of the word, it rather much didn’t suit Castiel. So, maybe that was the intention; to inform him that maturity also affected terms used. And after shrugging away the worry, he collected his wits and went own the path towards the house where the front door remained open and Bobby was bidding Ellen farewell.
“Dean! Don’t you have any consideration for my nerves?” Castiel swallowed when their eyes met in a haste. “I’ll never look at you the same again after this. Possibly, you’ll have my hands aching to get inside your pants every chance I get.”
“Damn right, there is.” Gradually though, Dean removed his fingers from Castiel’s hair and separated the two of them. And when he did, the other man’s immediate response was to consider him with nothing but a worried look.
He already had a plateful to deal with and to pile this on top? The damage two disgruntled employees could do was unpredictable at that point and who caused all this chaos? I was. Knowingly and embracing my guilt, I was the one who just couldn’t suck it up and accept the extra responsibilities. I was the one who had to whine about it. And now where it all led us was into the path of danger where the spite could turn into hellfire and GENTS was holding its breath.
to anyone except you. Is that it?” Castiel’s gravelly voice wavered as their eyes remained glued to each other. “That all my affections should rest on you without debate?”
"It's not…" the hunter bit his lips, lowered his gaze and slowly reached for Cas' hands. "It's not your fault. It's mine. Because if I had just…been open enough to see what was really happening between us, I could have done something about it. Instead I used too much energy doubting myself."
He had no idea why he was staring at the square of tissue between his fingers. Had no idea why he saved Dean's number in his cell as 'Prince'. And the more he thought about what was happening to him, a dull migraine crept up behind his temples like a fever. Trying to perhaps warn him that he was venturing into murky waters. And he needed to turn around and run.
. Dean swallowed his gasp and gingerly chewed on his lips before those black pools of death turned to consider him, possibly detecting that he was shaking in his boots from fear.
Dean sighed because for many years of his younger life, he too questioned the words contained in a book which was thumbed through constantly by his own father. And John preached the gospel for anyone who would listen, which is why Dean would have never believed that his father could become so accepting of his relationship with Castiel. But it just proved to him that love could conquer anything else and even though John might have been displeased by the idea, he still brushed past his judgments to love his son.
Thirty minutes into the movie and Dean’s questions had already begun, forcing Sam to pause the movie two times so that he could elaborate. And even though he tried his best to reveal the least amount of spoilers, his brother taunted the life out of him. Did he have a crush on McGonagall? Would he please recommend hair products to Snape? Did he think Hagrid would tend to the bunker’s lawns? Could Hermione teach him a spell or two?
“I didn’t call…quits on us, Sam,” Cas blinked through tears. “There are only a few things that could possibly make me walk away from Dean and I don’t ever believe that he would commit those things. So I can’t quit that easily.”
“You keep telling me that I’m a warrior,” Dean held Castiel in his arms tenderly. “But you’re one too. I can’t imagine what it’s like to grow up without having at least one parent who cares about you. For me, it was always my mom. If I didn’t have her, Cas, I would have probably died or ended up in a mental asylum somewhere.”
“Was trying to forget you like you’re trying to forget me, man. It’s working. I don’t feel the pain inside my chest no more. My heart’s not beating. I don’t think that it is but it’s good because it was fucked before.”
“You were always a mommy’s boy so no wonder you’re more in touch with your feelings,” Gabe rested his chin onto the back of the chair and blinked slowly at me. “Cas, you can’t tell me to my face that you don’t want a highly sexual relationship where you fuck on the kitchen counter and everywhere else. Did you know that the cock is a large clitoris? So, if the clit is supposed to be stimulated and it’s very sensitive, then think about what it would mean if you just tap into that opportunity.”
"I think I'll join the game," he said stiffly, avoiding eye contact and focusing on the empty beer bottle resting on the maroon colored rug by the hearth. "They could do with a fourth and I'm good at—"
They both made an attempt to return to their family inside until he lightly tugged his friend back, “Wait, Cas. Just a moment.”
"Shut your face," Dean pointed at him, glaring. "And you," he turned to Mala, "don't encourage him."
“Can you two stop being so adorable?” she said, forgetting her paper and convinced that her best friend was definitely in love with someone who shared the same feelings.
. I am not going to stand underneath your window and call out or sing to you. Disappointing but the truth."
Dean licked his lips, thought about it as he fingered the small red box. "I guess we would talk things through first. That much I owe him since I'm not completely innocent. I mean, I've screwed up plenty. So, we would have to vent until maybe he decides to take me back."
Both of them just stood by the bed afterwards, sad and afraid, and unsure of what was happening to cause Dean to stay under. Castiel wanted to touch him, to hold him so badly that he used so much willpower to prevent himself because it was evident that the younger man was suffering from broken ribs. His breathing was leveled out, lips parted and because there was nothing else but to provide some kind of certainty that he was there, slowly he slipped his fingers through motionless ones.
“So, these last two days, huh,” Dean said bashfully, his cheeks coloring although the collar of his coat was turned up to keep out the high winds. “I’ve never missed you like this before,” he reflexively reached for his cheek, the same place where he was not so long ago kissed so tenderly. "It's like I couldn't breathe without you."
Cas shoved Dean’s pants down, the garment falling to the hunter’s ankles, and he trailed a path of soft kisses down the other man’s torso. Awakening Dean in every possible way when his body trembled, back arching into the wall. Dean’s muscles moved under his perfect skin as beads of sweat dampened his vest. And he wanted to take the garment off, to admire Dean in the soft glow of the bunker’s lights but his patience was growing thin by the second.
“And how do I smell, might I ask?” Castiel asked afterwards, arms still folded and a bashful look upon his face.
Dean glared at the two men, shook his head and sighed then returning his gaze to the road, there he stood alone like a petulant child.
"That's not love!" Chuck said distastefully. "That's lust. When you were losing your grace, you had physical needs. Dean can't even accept your physical form. He can't even welcome the idea of having sex…with you –"
? Do you…realize how I've spent sixteen years claiming back my fucking virginity naturally? I've been with other women after Amelia but I couldn't let anyone else touch me. I couldn't even use my hands on myself. And then when I started to fall for you, well that was the worst feeling."
“Well, Mary competed with Cas for first place in the class in terms of grades. For a long time, the two of them were rivals and she didn’t like us. We didn’t like her either because she was so damn good looking and we were so awkward and plain. But then one day, I think it was in the summer, two guys were harassing her at camp and Cas knocked their lights out.”
“Cut a hole in the ice and drop the line through it,” Dean tugged the front of his coat tighter together and wondered when the sun would produce enough heat to chill the coldness seeping into his bones. “They asked me to go but I kind of figured the two of them needed some time to bond.” When guiltily, he only stayed behind just hoping that a certain someone would come over, although the older man was swamped with people’s financial woes. “How’s teaching going?”
“Dean, you can’t be serious right now,” Sam turned to offer his brother a confused look. “Do you really think that after you’ve been like a dad to me since I was born, I’d trust anyone else? If anything happens to me and Eileen, I want you and Cas to take care of Salena. And we plan to have two more so gear up to be their god parents too.”
Whilst almost forty photos were received on Castiel’s phone at ten o’clock, Dean barely had time to unlock his own mobile because of the construction work on the bottom flat of the castle.
"No, shit, Dean, wait up!" the younger Winchester pelted out of the room and left Castiel standing there alone.
"I suppose we could do what best suits our woes," Castiel folded his arms, stared at the towering house before him and sighed. "Every time we encounter a hurdle, we should…fuck each other until it disappears."
Well, fine. We had a good hunt and we’re back on the obvious; trying to find a way to beat Chuck. And here he is as happy as a lark and singing to Taylor Swift’s ‘Everything Has Changed’.
Dean’s smile was golden, tongue tucked between his two perfect rows of teeth and he resumed eating. But not for long though, because spending the entire morning worrying about their commitment to each other fueled so much tension inside of his body. He worked himself up physically and emotionally to a breaking point that tipped right over just when Castiel followed him to the door.
"Maybe I should play you a song on my brand-new guitar," laughing nervously, the younger man collected the instrument from the bedside table and strummed on the strings before casting a wide smile. “How about Willow?” he strummed the opening notes.
If he could just take back his statements, rewind time and pluck those ignorant lines out of the air, then maybe such a foolish display would never have happened.
Immediately most of the staff rose up from their desks and huddled around each other. The heavy chatter, gossiping about what transpired and throwing glances at me were all so new and bothersome. A few of them even wandered over and patted me on the back before returning to their desks. And it was supposed to be a glorious moment, but I hated the attention. I was never the type who reveled in that sort of thing, not even in college or high school. I was the kind of student who knew the answers but would prefer to sit down in silence whilst someone else raised their hand. And now, I was slowly becoming some kind of hero as Bill from Finance came all the way over to my desk to congratulate me on
"It's just the things ignorant people do to feel good about themselves because they're too damn scared," Dean said, studying the thick forest in the distance that led to the church somewhere not too far away. "Not so long ago I didn't even realize that I had feelings for another guy until the truth kind of jumped out at me and the first thing I thought afterwards? Hey, no one's going to accept this. Hell, I didn't even want to accept it because I thought it was wrong. But I'll tell you something, Jack, the best way to survive in life is by learning to love yourself first. Once you got that," Dean connected their eyes and pleaded for understanding, "no one can break your stride."
"Well," Dean smiled and shrugged. He picked up his glass and sipped. "What can I say? Thanks. I'm an interesting guy but believe me, you're just wasting your time here."
Between you and me, I couldn’t recall ever gazing into another man’s eyes and feeling like I was being bewitched into a toe-curling experience. Unfortunately, for five years through college, I entertained two girlfriends who never proved to be worthy. The sex was adequate and thus my sexuality should have been a sure thing. But sitting next to this guy who was raising enough question marks to fill the car…
He was lying on his back, head resting on Sam’s lap. Sam’s face, red and angry above him. The swirling of lights outside the car window as the vehicle rocked. The slight urge to vomit and then Sam on the phone.
“Who’s the lucky lady?” Dean hated that his voice cracked and so he proceeded to override the slip of his emotions by following up with a chuckle.
“I can handle myself,” Dean said in an uneven tone but firm enough to deliver the message, one that cracked Castiel’s heart. “I don’t need anyone to look after me.”
be nice," Dean felt iffy about the earlier comments that still bruised him. "Good to know and thanks."
“And continuing on the same note,” the older man seemed oblivious to the change on Dean’s countenance, “why on earth would you choose to embarrass me in front of Hanna? Hmm? It appears as if you’ve clearly been altered to completely forget every act of decency you’ve been taught. Of course, it slipped me that introductions weren’t made but you had no right suggesting that I am using her as a replacement for you. Contrary to what you might think, my entire life does not belong to you and therefore I am allowed to have other friends of substantial importance who deserve respect as well.”
Castiel was probably still downstairs, sitting silently and awaiting him to return which would have become a stale kind of anticipation after half an hour passed by thus far. But he instantly read the message, and for a long time there was no response until Dean discovered that staring at the screen was beginning to sore his eyes.
mind. “You know, kissing and using tongue. Which I bet Dean’s done to you already. Second base is you feeling him up, him feeling you up…in other words, getting frisky.”
"Anything?" Dean rested their foreheads together gently, and after he wound his arms around Castiel’s waist, the older man gazed back at him with nothing but openness and love and admiration.
Dean bit back his tears and felt his throat ache terribly. "Sometimes…I just feel…like I deserve it, like I need to feel what I've put you through all these years."
It was something that had been playing on Dean's mind from the beginning. Knowing that the fears and the fright had consumed him and because they had been allowed to crack from the pressure and then heal themselves again, nothing about them threatened him anymore.
"Hush," Dean wrapped his fingers gently around the other man's wrist and sent him a soft look. "I've seen you naked, okay? There's nothing you could say at this point that would make me feel any less attracted to you. Because I'm already fully there."
Could it be possible to feel desirously comfortable in a place such as the one he was standing in? The wealth of artifacts ranging from paintings to tapestries obviously imported from several places around the world was enlightening to say the least. But as rapturous as each room proved to be, Castiel couldn’t help but inwardly wonder if any satisfaction was gained from never sharing that kind of wonders with someone else.
"No, don't leave," Cas immediately said in a weak tone. "I'm dead to Dean. But I still mean something to you."
Dean seemed to agree. Cas, however, was still staring at his folded arms as if he was silently reflecting or…praying.
Castiel hummed before a small silence stretched out and in that space of time, the younger man planted himself on the window seat and stared out at the white moor. "I am wearing black tailored pants with the same color leggings. A maroon colored sweater you gave me last year for Christmas, a long sleeved red shirt and your dusty brown leather jacket with the zipper that doesn't work by the way."
Ruby smiled warmly. “I do the same thing. You know, back in the days when we used to hang out. You, me and Sam. I really liked you. Especially when you would throw those wild parties at the Davenport House. And there was all this booze and snacks and we would hit the lake at like 2 in the morning.”
Dean was certain that although the walls were thick enough, the soft cries unearthed from Castiel would seep through the cracks and reach the staff outside. But he didn’t care whilst he drove Castiel towards the edge. There was nothing that could hold him back, not even defamation of character from making love to the man he loved from the first time he laid eyes on him.
Intoxication, it seemed, brought out the most hurtful words from Castiel, words that sliced thinly but drew blood and Dean understood that he was indeed overthinking the situation but he still felt the wounds. He understood that they weren't exactly about to jump into something as close to marriage but he wouldn't have believed that Castiel would consider their relationship as under construction.
Castiel was too stunned to even reply, and he felt so cold, so dead inside. Sitting there, riding on glorious sunshine because he thought that Dean's interest in him was genuine and authentic. But to listen to a young man he had begun to become interested in, even if it was beside the point of admitting any attraction, label him as
“Isn’t that what you dared me to do?” Castiel frowned but deep down inside he was entirely happy. “Ask him to go to the prom as his date and then follow through with it?”
By three o’clock, when I returned from the washroom and was just settling into my chair again, reaching for my bottle of Purell sanitizer, Ruby waved at me.
“Dressed to impress!” Balthazar who manned the front desk winked at me as I signed into the HSSE log book. “Who is the young woman that caught your eyes? Or are you just doing this all for me?”
Dean hated clothes in that moment; he despised fabrics of any kind, of things that concealed them from each other, of shoes and socks, boxers and ties. He loathed scarves and coats, vests and anything else because all of those things were barriers between them and he honestly believed that if he could have peeled away all of Castiel's clothing in that moment, he would have blindly reached into the dark and experimented in the best way he could. His hands were already wandering, thirsty to feel the planes of the older man's chest and his head was dizzied by the tightness of his pants, the way they couldn't separate from each other, they couldn't allow an inch between them because such a thing would suffocate them both.
“Of course,” Castiel sighed and lightly caressed the other man’s left shoulder, his touch so tender. “Forgive me. I am still recovering from the shock of searching for you. Your father was so worried when you didn’t show up for dinner, and when we realized you weren’t in your room, the two of us separated in cars to find you. Thankfully, I did first or else you wouldn’t be so softly scolded by John.”
“Is it really though?” Castiel asked softly and he buried his right cheek into the soft pillow whilst still gazing at Dean. “I think that it’s worth it to fall in love and hope. And even if it doesn’t happen then at least you’re left with the fleeting feeling of wishing that it did.”
Dean’s voice was so soothing. The way he laughed like a child. The way his fingers curled around his glass of whisky. His comforting touch. The way he would look into Cas’ eyes as if he depended on Cas to save him when he fell down. When he couldn’t believe in himself. He looked at Cas like a child trying to gain reassurance from his parent before jumping into a pool.
So much for being playful, he thought. And then he was willingly pulled closer as Cas wound his sleeved arm around to cradle Dean’s neck. The smell though, of honey and warm oranges and the softest scent of butter captivated his mind though. So much, that he started to drown in the moment instead of staying entirely focused on the movie.
Cas, however, was dangerously quiet beside him. Something was wrong. Terribly wrong and he could feel that somewhere between the distance he and Dean shared, something had happened. All the years that they shared a profound bond, Sam never could understand what that meant exactly. No one could except the two of them and most times, Dean failed to realize that wherever he was, and whatever he was experiencing, Cas felt the aftereffects like tremors from a natural disaster. Now, he was entirely certain that wherever Dean was, he was being tortured.
"I'm going to stay here," she said, leaning into the car from the passenger's side. "You go on without me."
“It just makes me curious,” he admitted softly, realizing that he wasn’t the type of person who preferred to touch himself but would prefer if the act was accomplished by the man he couldn’t stop gazing at. They were just a few inches apart now but the distance was filled with the kind of intensity that deepened after every second slipped by.
He was a bit hesitant to admit it but then the truth would evidently eat away at him. “My best friend dared me to after she noticed that you were staring me down.”
“The guy, he has blue eyes. Like yours,” Dean’s tongue felt like smooth velvet. “His name’s Nate he’s…younger and I told him about you. How I feel about you… how I’m so jealous you’re screwing Hanna. But you’re only doing it to get over me so I don’t think it’s wrong because at least she’s a…she and I’m a…he. She can make babies and I can’t and you want babies, right Cas? That’s one of many things I can’t give you. But I want to have your babies.”
"Fuck," Castiel swore, yanked off his black glasses and tossed them aside. He pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration, eyes squeezed shut. "I am absolutely fucked."
It was too much, rather like squeezing a lemon when it already delivered enough juice and still deciding that there could be so much more. Testing the waters, as people might like to define such a request as; tugging at the line and hoping that the bait was enough to catch something.
The multitude of questions warmed his heart because her refusal to judge him was far too adoring. And even though at the age of eight brought with it innocence and lack of substantial prejudices, Anna was equally equipped with an abundance of knowledge from reading and a clear understanding that her brother was far too important and much more a guardian than Naomi and Zachariah.
Something inside of Dean ignited, possibly from the scratch of a thousand matches and as blue eyes stared back in awe, he smoothly planted himself onto Castiel’s lap whilst maintaining his hold between the other man’s legs.
"Nah," His brother refused to allow such negative thoughts. "He's going to be the best thing that ever happened to you. You wait and see."
The next day was spent in all its glory traversing the grounds in bright yellow Wellingtons boots and warm long coats.
Dean sighed. There was a small wind chime with little colorful butterflies by the window. The sound as the wind caressed it was haunting. "I don't know, man. I'm just terrified that I wouldn't get it right. That I wouldn't do it right. All my life, I never really put much thought into proposing. I mean, back when I was with Lisa, it felt more like something that could happen but it wasn't a big deal. But with Cas…"
"Dean," Cas said, pleading with his eyes. His heart was beating wildly in his chest. "What's wrong? Did I do something?"
"Sam, I'm officially mentally fucked. Right now, I'm literally trying to calm my freaking brain down. My chest?" Dean stretched out on the soft sofa and pulled a heavy blanket around him, "feels like it's thawing off from a volcanic eruption. And this is not me being willingly poetic."
"Cas, I can't do this anymore," Dean suddenly croaked, feeling a tear leak down his cheek and hating how vulnerable he was in the most ridiculous moment. "I'm not saying that it's hard. I'm trying to say that you coming back is great. Man, it's fantastic. But there are still a few things that I need to wrap my mind around. Like…I don't know. I'm still thinking."
Dean was smiling, his tongue tucked between his teeth when he happened upon the last bit of the text. Cas…had actually replied…to him. He thought that he was amazing. He cared and always would. He hadn't given up on him. Not really.
Immediately, Dean stiffened, back as straight as a poker and for the remainder of the Mass, not a word was uttered from him. The threat was delivered successfully, achieving nothing but fear from past experiences of such an action. And although he detested being on the receiving end of such a scolding at the age of twenty-five, there was nothing to do but to adhere to ceasing all clownish acts. Until further notice, as the Communion was offered and accepted, Dean stayed far away from his god father, offering shy and cautious looks.
Maybe it was a bit too much to jump to conclusions that rang true to Sam’s earlier declaration, but this was new. Never before did they ever introduce such an…intimate gesture on either side. Hugs were oh so scarce and treasured but when they embraced each other in the past, nothing compared to the feel of Castiel’s fingers entwining slowly with his.
Dean, of course, could only stare. Completely at a loss for words. And obviously he felt dumb. Geez, how could he have forgotten Anna? Over the years he stupidly assumed that Castiel couldn't quite feel certain things. But now, it became quite evident that perhaps…
“The times when I’d watch you wash your car, and your jeans would become wet from the water,” Castiel said, resuming his slow torturous massage with eager fingertips between the younger man’s legs, “and I could see what I wanted and I what I wanted was to touch you, push you up against your car and go down on you…”
“No,” it was my turn to laugh as I followed the directions and my car nosed its way down the street, “I’m just a down to earth guy who’s been dealt too many bad hands myself and I still remain hopeful. Because if we don’t, then we have no reason to live. And believe me, I’ve been deep down in the gutter for too many years, struggling with depression and suicide attempts. It’s...” I swallowed because too much had been revealed and I chose to stare at the road ahead, feeling cold and clammy.
“Well, for starters, I’d be going with the most handsome guy in the school,” Castiel felt his face grow warmer and instantly noticed the smile fading from the other teenager’s countenance. “And secondly, you wouldn’t regret spending the evening with me. Think about it,” he said when gasps and more scoffs filled the air and by then the librarian was hustling over. Then Castiel smiled, “I could be an epiphany.”
Benny was so impressed, his eyes widened. “Well, good thing you said something fast. Or else I’d be trying to flirt with my best friend’s man. The pleasure is mine,” when he took Castiel’s hand, he winked.
"What?" Castiel's voice became softer as a gaze was enacted and through that connection so much surprise was presented which signaled that he wasn't prepared for such a statement.
make a deal,” Castiel professed in a soft voice that wasn’t his own because Dean was looking at him as if he could make the worst decision and still the younger man would sympathize. At that point, they were way past the anger and the pain and instead had settled into a comfortable bond that was fueled by trust and love.
"If love ends up being easy then it's not worth it at all," Sam reassured him. "The best kind of love is what you have right now. Dude, I wish if someone made a mixtape for me with her favorite songs. I wish that I could find a female version to Cas because he literally would do anything to make you happy. But you see that's the problem. Cas always ran after you like a puppy and you ended up thinking that he would never walk out on you. And look what happened. You pushed him too far and now he's somewhere in Scotland on a bench hating himself for loving you."
After the call ended, Jess was briefly updated as the two of them entertained a hushed conversation in the kitchen and after returning to the living room, they gazed at the sleeping form of Dean. Curled up in a comma, he seemed peaceful if not for the turmoil going on inside his head, evident to Sam who tucked the blanket around him after pulling off his shoes. Then because his older brother did the same thing for him when they were teenagers, Sam collected another blanket from his wife and settled into the other couch with a bucket nearby. He also rested a towel on the arm of the chair and a bottle of water, just in case Dean woke up with the urge to vomit.
“High school sweethearts?” I tried, hoping that that wasn’t overstepping. “The flame died away too fast?”
Now he could never forget those moments that they shared over the years, slices in time that were embedded in his memory forever and would serve as comforting spaces to dwell in.
“Hello, Dean,” the older man nodded, the wind drifting Old Spice towards his friend’s nose and with Charlie by his side, she wasn’t spared either. “It’s good to see you again.”
“Indeed, I was never fond of Fifty Shades of Grey anyway, so…” Castiel’s eyes twinkled as he backed away slowly and floated towards the middle of the pool. Dean automatically trailed after him, curiously wondering why distance was created but detesting that being apart from each other felt so painful already. “I don’t want any toys to be used when we make love,” Castiel’s gravelly voice travelled across the water like a warm wave that curled the younger man’s toes.
Thank goodness he decided to pack those shirts to bring along to London when the initial decision was to throw them all away.
has made either. It does not mean that I am like them. Also, you refuse to face reality, Dean," Cas tried again. "And the reality is that if we even attempt to destroy the entity that fuels the earth with life, then naturally you will die."
Castiel sighed and rolled his head back a little to study the sky above them. “Exactly. But she seems fine now. Quite beautiful if I might admit that. Can you imagine that Ellen joked about making a match between us?”
"Cas, don't think like that, man." Dean bypassed all fear of prying eyes and reached across the table, collecting those same fingers between his gloved ones, then he squeezed softly, reassuringly but those blue orbs refused to meet his own searching ones. "You're amazing to me, okay? There's nothing about you that I have a problem with. And I've always told you, I'd choose you above everyone else, man. The world of men and women out there, who I'm going to meet and I'd still choose you because you're one of a kind."
Dean began to type a response in the process of them becoming lost in the candles section that provided warm scents of all kinds.
"I can feel you…too," Castiel whispered, leaning back and savoring when Dean rubbed their cheeks together slowly. "All of you."
"I…um," Dean swallowed hard and quietly considered their hands linked together still. All the little slivers of electricity that shot through his fingers were slowly making their way to other parts of his body that had been numb for a long time since. He decided to settle back on the couch.
Deciding that the dishes needed to be returned downstairs, Castiel left and was absent for half an hour due to John inquiring after the possibility of obtaining a loan to renovate the workshop. In the meantime, Dean burrowed into the sheets and after completing the process of setting up his friend’s phone, he purposely changed the wallpaper to something that would satisfy himself more than the older man; the selfie the two of them took inside the Impala.
Dean kept pressing soft kisses onto his forehead, occasionally playing those reassuring fingers through Castiel’s hair like soft tunes on a piano. Then gradually the warmth built up between them, like any other moment when their bodies were glued together. And because Castiel’s proximity allowed him to settle his hand on Dean’s thighs, he playfully sought out the bulge in the Prince’s pants.
"How about I rephrase that?" Dean said smiling up at Cas. "How about you, Dean, the bedroom. The bed? Now?"
There was Castiel, hands folded in his lap, happily entertaining the likes of Hanna, the bubbly woman who couldn’t be more than thirty-five years old but was evidently shy and lacked exposure among groups of people where her opinion would be sought. Her pretty floral blouse and corduroy pants matched her feminine personality just enough to be most suitable for someone like Castiel. And because Dean realized that this was the third time he was consumed with jealousy, the feeling was bothersome instead of embraced.
“How do you even like me though? Castiel realized that the question was burning inside his mind for a long time. “Have you seen yourself in the mirror compared to me? You’re the kind of guy that I dream about even saying hi to me. Don’t get me wrong but this is like the best dream I’ve ever had and I don’t think it’s real. There’s no way you can even think about me that way, right? Is this some kind of a joke, Dean? No, really,” he provided a serious countenance when the other boy sighed. “You’re like Danny Zuko and I’m like Sandy only difference is that I’m not cute and I’m not—”
Cas, on the other hand, seemed thoroughly contented with the topic, taking small sips of his wine. "Dean, it's fine. There's a look in your eyes that suggest hesitation in us having this discussion. And truthfully," resting his glass upon the table carefully, the angel licked his lips, "I really don't find a problem with us getting married. It's not like I would question spending the rest of my life with you and officiating that…legally. So relax."
"No. Had to…come out." He was so close, so dangerously close and his mind was reeling, his teeth chattering. "Cas…Fuck…"
They moved through life in the eye of danger constantly, without sparing a second to just talk to each other. Really talk. Talk about themselves. Talk about their lives. What they wanted. And now that the situation had presented itself in more ways than one, Dean remained constipated as usual whilst Castiel craved to know how he really felt.
"No I don't mean it in a bad way," the older Winchester laughed. "It's cute. At least I don't have to worry about the two of you not getting along when Cas and I end up together."
When Dean didn't reply, Castiel stood there and wondered why the other man had suddenly turned his back on him. Maybe he was the problem. Maybe he was thinking inside the box as always instead of reaching out and holding onto the stars.
"I want to hug you too, Dean," Cas said softly. "Please don't cry. I do all these things because I love you. You are aware of that, aren't you?"
Squeezing out just enough Irish Spring body wash, Dean absentmindedly lathered himself up as the heavy scent filled the red and white tiled bathroom. Come to think of it, maybe he could share his pies. Maybe he could introduce Cas to the best creation ever in the food department. Slowly though because Cas was still getting used to tasting food without the minute details of molecules. But he could ease him into it. Just as Cas had eased him into consuming triangular shaped peanut butter and jelly sandwiches whilst they spent time together in the bunker.
“I’m pretty sure that if I get in there, we’ll screw each other’s brains out and right now, we’re both too tired to go there.”
Cas was so gentle with him though, Dean felt like he didn’t deserve any of it. Like he wasn’t worthy of the way Cas helped him into his jacket, or when Cas opened the door for him. Or when he smiled the sweetest smile that reached his loving blue eyes. All of those honest gestures filled Dean with so much guilt, he wondered if he would ever be able to forgive himself for the fuck ups, for pushing the love of his life away, for even thinking for a second that Cas would walk out on him.
Dean searched the rooms one by one until he began to hyperventilate, leaning onto a wall next to a beautiful watercolor painting of the White Mountains and trying to catch his breath. This wasn't happening. Not when he was overflowing with love and craved the sight of the older man to deposit all of it onto him, not when he wanted to be touched and kissed and craved for conversation. He became so needy that relying on his dreams, Dean pushed the door into the room containing the indoor pool and found Balthazar doing laps instead of his brother.
“Why? I haven’t even gotten my grades back as yet. Might manage four A’s this time. Well hopefully, considering that I think that I screwed up one question and—”
"It's going to get better," Sam said softly, "trust me, Dean. It feels bad now. Like you're walking on broken glass. But it will get better. I'm not going to tell you to stop thinking like that because it's the hardest thing ever. What you can do though, is to focus on getting through every minute by breathing. By feeling how alive you are. Because you're feeling pain, Dean. And because you're feeling pain and sadness, that means you're alive. And you have to stay that way because get this, you're changing into someone stronger and better and someone who is worth it, okay?"
After clapping his ass playfully, Ruby sauntered away, as usual decked out in leather.  And there Castiel remained, feeling completely rooted to the spot, captivated and the room widened making him feel absolutely smaller and lost in a world that belonged to Dean that told so many stories.
He stood there decked out in a red knee length dress with short sleeves and clutching a gold sequined purse in his hand, Cas swallowed hard.
“Sure, but you can turn me down,” Dean’s immediate saddened expression was such a new one though. My heart ached from the obvious disappointment I had caused. And returning to his salad like a wounded puppy, eyes also lowered, he nodded once and continued eating. “Enjoy your lunch.”
When Sam called Cas the following evening to explain the plan, he was suddenly yanked halfway across the world. His butt hit a wooden bench hard and his lanky form folded forward as the whistle of the wind immediately surrounded them.
"You're not okay," Cas said softly, flattening the lush green grass with his boots as he came around the swing and stood in front of Dean's sitting form. "Are you still worried about Sam and Mala?"
"No, it's all good," Sam said holding up his hands, "I don't mind. I've always wanted you two together so listening to how you feel about Dean through songs isn't so bad. Cas, come on. You've practically told me everything in regards to how you feel."
And he dreamed of nothing more than fire in the sky and Dean's smile. The way his entire face softened as the most beautiful smile reached those mesmerizing eyes. And in that moment, he seemed so young and filled with life.
“So, you can’t tell Dean how you feel? How fair is that? We have to stop this from happening,” Jack slid off the nose of the car and faced Castiel who could only provide lowered eyes. “Let me talk to Billie about it. She’ll know what to do. Or even better, I can talk to the Empty. We’re working together to defeat Chuck. So, there
"Jerk," Sam mumbled, reaching for the first one wrapped in shiny red gift paper. His eyes lit up after reading the tag. "Not bad for a first choice. This one's from Jody and Donna." Giving it a little shake, his eyes sparkled. "Man, I hope it ain't one of those ugly sweaters like last year."
"Did you miss me, Cas?" Dean asked afterwards, gripping the steering wheel and wishing that his lungs wouldn't quit on him.
"Not going to happen. Nope. No way," Dean detached their hands, cleared his throat and pushed open the car door, then he stepped out.
Firstly, he literally stripped Dean's room of all beddings, blankets, pillow cases, clothes, socks, blinds and leftover boxes. And then he dragged Dean into the shower, turned on the hot water and locked him in there for an hour. The groans and painful cries for him to be let out didn't sway Sam. Even as he tossed everything into the washing machine and ran the cycle two times over. Later though, after finding Dean curled up on the bed in the spare room where Cas oftentimes slept, his heart melted. The scene was so soft. So…memorable. He took a photo and sent it to Cas without hesitation.
He sighed, the rumble of traffic in the background. “Not as yet. Was hoping I’d get my thoughts together before I did. Definitely going to happen tomorrow.”
With his face becoming flushed, Cas bit his lips and those mellow blue eyes flicked up to meet green ones.
"I mean, at the end of the day, it's my choice, right?" she rather much asked a question than determine that she was definitely in control of her own life. "I have to make bad decisions…"
"There's always the internet…" she suggested and turned to rest Mary slowly onto the bed next to Marlene who was always the first to fall asleep and slept through the night whilst her sister would continue to squirm and kick. "I think that if you asked Dean, he would tell you."
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered as an opening. Tears stained his cheeks and weak in the knees, Dean softly cried. “Cas, I’m sorry that I’ve pushed you away so many times when all I wanted was for you to…know…the truth. It sucks knowing that my feelings for you come so easily and I have a hard time accepting them. And because I can’t swallow what is real, it’s replaced with so much anger. I don’t know why I’m so angry all the time,” he sobbed. “I just know that most of it happens when I try to fight my feelings.”
"I'm sorry I'm such a dick," he said softly when Castiel wiped his face neatly with graceful hands and sniffed. "Okay? I'm sorry I'm like this. I'm all in, hell, I don't think I'll ever be able to survive without you. So…" he inhaled deeply, "if we're in this together then we better stick to it because you're my ride or die, man. I'd rather have you."
The older man squeezed his eyes shut as he neared the edge. “Okay…” Castiel inhaled deeply from holding onto the moment just before he reached the edge.
"How did you?" Taking Castiel's shoulders and squeezing, the younger man studied the immense blue eyes and instantly highlighted that something was different. Something was off, very off. "How the hell did you get out? We've been trying to find a way. We've been…trying so hard…" his voice disappeared in a croak.
“What the hell happened?” Ruby searched Castiel’s face, and he shook his head, still appearing completely troubled.
being your small differences. Best advice I can give you based on coming this far with Jess is that it takes time to level things out. You're in the early stages of now trying to mesh with each other again, no matter how long the two of you've been best friends, this is different. It's not just about friendship. It's about so much more."
"And if he doesn't come back?" Cas found his voice to ask, although he was dying inside. "The man you love. If he doesn't come back to you?"
"The door is always open when you're ready to leave," John said without smiling. "The problem with you is that you cannot man up and take control of yourself like your brothers do. You've always been messed up in the head because of these fairytales. They've turned you into a Princess. And I will not entertain the thought."
“You can’t do this to me!” he implored in a voice that didn’t sound like it belonged to him. “Dean, I command that you let me go. Dammit.”
Dean blinked in his direction, the copy of Seventeen magazine parted on his lap but forgotten of. “What’s so funny?”
“Tell me the story behind this,” he said afterwards, produced the guitar and turned it over to reveal the name of the song etched in the other man’s handwriting. And after blue eyes widened from the discovery, perhaps suddenly recalling the particular memory in the past, Dean studied the look of mild awe and waited.
"Left to go where now?" Ellen could never understand why their daughters yearned to be away from their families.
"Thanks, Cas. I just want a normal life, without the title and expectations and the weight of a damn crown on my head," Dean said sadly. "I want to go out and have a good time and not have a thousand cameras chasing me. Or blogs posting up what I had for breakfast or which gym I'm attending. What the hell I'm wearing…I don't want my life to be publicized every bloody day."
"Really think we should have brought Cas with us," Dean rocked back in his chair and his eyes became distant.
“Forgive me but for the past weeks I have suffered through so much trauma, there are things that were buried under the rubble.”
“Both.” He nodded after studying the half-eaten meal on his lap. The way his tone just dulled seemed to suggest that he was far too much occupied with other thoughts that were heavier than accustomed to. He stuck his fork into the lettuce. “You hanging in there though?”
Ruby couldn’t help it. He watched her tumble off the couch, curl up on the floor and erupt in a fit of giggles. Perhaps she was losing her marbles. Nevertheless, he joined her, pushing his black frame glasses up his nose and remarking on the beauty of drowning in good humor.
“What’s wrong?” Cas pressed on, worry seeping into his tone now. By then, he was slowly beginning to fall into a sickening pool of worry about Dean. And with every passing second, Cas found that he couldn’t take full breaths.
“Believe me, I would. And if you smelled like you do now back then, bergamot, sandalwood, soft apples and honey, dammit, Cas.”
"She said that she decided to stay with her girlfriend and that you are upset with her," Cas was frowning. He collected Dean's face between his palms and gazed into the other man's eyes. "What happened?"
Sam remained quiet for a few beats until his anticipation burst out. "So, you really want that, huh? To marry him."
They ended up stopping to have lunch at eleven at burger joint in a city that apparently celebrated every day of the week with community events. Today was the day of the flowers and everywhere they turned, were bunches of sunflowers, daisies, lilies and roses.
"Cas, you missed Dean, huh?" Ellen's mischievous streak shone bright like a diamond. "You two can't go for long without each other. It's a wonder you didn't take him with you along for the trip. A breath of fresh air would do him so much good because he's become so pale recently."
The actuality of having his space trespassed on was tragic enough. But when he fixed his attention on who it was. Those green eyes widened, his lips parted and Dean stumbled on the rest of his sentence.
I wanted to call him back, just to let him know that he was worth it, but it couldn’t be encouraged. Not like this. Not when he was high and obviously weak enough to talk about things that would embarrass him tomorrow. And I hoped that he forgot all of it because asking me to save him? Asking me not to give up on him and admitting that I made him feel something the first night we met? What was that though? Was it love? Was it just…a sense of knowing that someone genuinely cared?
He decided to relocate the gym to the third floor because of the lack of proper ventilation provided on the lower levels of the castle. But it wasn’t an easy fete since every single piece of equipment needed to be manually carried up the winding staircases and down hallways by men who didn’t complain because of the abundance of wages promised. Then after the space was cleared downstairs, the next plan was to remodel the bottom flat into extended living quarters for the staff that he always held close to his heart.
With a grunt, the older man pushed open the door and joined the couple in the backseat and they were left to stare in anticipation at the hunched figure of Dean who refused to move. He was supposed to return home, and then die slowly inside his own bed. Alone. Cold and alone. That was the plan. Until Castiel rounded the car, pulled open the door and came in with such a haste that the flurry of movement began and ended even before Dean could gather his thoughts. And as the pickup crawled away, the twins' faces pressed to the window, the Impala backed up the driveway and went in the other direction.
Now Dean felt like he could be anywhere in the world and once he had Cas in his arms, he felt like he was home.
He instead followed silently with the main intention of seeing his friend out the door and halfway along the path at least. It was the most he could do and always managed every night before they parted ways. And that night was no different, the two of them silently stepping off the porch and under the blanket of stars that twinkled despite the gusty winds and overcast weather coming in from the east.
Fuck you, Dean. I don’t owe you anything, okay? I don’t owe you my time. It’s after ten and I don’t need to think about what happened between us tonight. The last thing I need is to dream of you because I’ll wake up with a problem only I can take care of. And I don’t want to drain myself by jerking off so early in the morning because I have work to do tomorrow. I have to plan your appointments, set your meetings and scan your documents.
“Body language,” Charlie continued in a soft tone. “If he leans in a lot it means he’s comfortable enough to do it, and he’s just trying to sniff you. Guys can’t hide their attraction that easily so if he’s giving you all these signs so far, you’re in for a surprise! Pay attention to the way his body reacts when you’re close to him. If you lean in, does he seem affected or does he give you a weird look. If a guy melts into your touch, or his voice dips when you lean in, then he’s totally into you”
Sam was worried now. The rumble of voices inside the gazebo climbed a little and then Jack shushed everyone. There was laughter that followed. “What’s wrong with Dean now?”
“Every time you suffer a traumatic experience, it leaves a crack on your soul. And your soul was torn in many places, Dean,” Cas explained in a worried tone. “It wasn’t just from the torture in hell. But from the trauma in your past. And I saw everything that you went through. So when you’re silent and you’re trying to hold back the truth from me, I feel like you don’t trust me enough to know the truth anymore.”
it did. Could he honestly gather up the composure to come right out and confess his feelings? It shouldn’t be so difficult to attain after divulging the same bit of news to Ellen, Sam and even a stranger at a bar thus far. Then again, they weren’t the object of his affections and to face the very person he was absolutely in love with and express the depth of his heart’s desires; that would be sufficient enough to constipate him on the spot.
From the moment he cast his eyes on the person standing on the patio though, he couldn’t believe the miraculous sight before him, so sudden and strange, there was only one response. Dean gasped, stared in disbelief and continued to do so even after the other man smiled widely and came forth with his arms extended.
He studied her intrigued expression, raised eyebrows and frowned deeply. "No, come on. There's not a soul."
,” he said softly, eyes lingering on the spot and pulling me into disappointment. Then he dabbed his finger onto the front of his t-shirt. “Thanks for saving me tonight, Superman. See you on Monday.”
"Kelly Richards?" Sam couldn't stop admiring how the other man kept gazing intently as his brother. "Well she's the first one. About four weeks ago, I figure. Maybe you two could check out where she worked and I could pay her mom a visit."
His brother's deliberate attempt to appear clueless was amusing. "The American. The reporter who has
Dean, as furious as he could become by his brother’s directness, simply pushed the remarks onto the back burner. Speaking out loud about such things in front of Jess? Clearly Sam entertained the conversation with his wife if he could become so bold enough to make suggestions.
When his head softly hit the pillow at nights, Castiel smelled Dean on the sheets and wondered how such a thing could be possible. The scent of Irish Spring kept clinging to his clothes and burying itself into his pores, hugging him in a warm and sensual embrace. And most of all, the distinct shade of Dean’s green eyes was forever imprinted on the back of his eyelids, so those orbs were the first gift he fell asleep to and the last parts of his dreams when he stirred in the mornings.
“You better,” Castiel rubbed their noses together affectionately and grazed their lips together. “Now let’s go back to the car because Sam is getting twitchy.”
"Talked about what?" Castiel's mind kept drifting to a wounded Dean after a fight which he wished not to elaborate on;
“I kind of am,” he studied the label of the bottle and swallowed from the thought of eventually going that far with Castiel. “Never dated a guy nor had sex with one, in case you forgot. So, this is brand-new to me, man. And maybe I shouldn’t keep thinking that Cas would know everything either because he hasn’t been there with another guy.”
Cas, choked on the answer. "I didn't say. I'm Cassandra." And when the name slipped out of his mouth, he hated himself for being so damn naïve. Because instantly, Dean's eyes widened.
“And you’ve not made a move in how long?” Benny stared back incredulously. “Dean, do you even know how the hell to flirt with a guy?”
After that night when they had collided in the garden at the Westfordshire Palace, something had changed drastically between them.
Downing the entire cocktail, Dean practically slammed the glass down on the table where the bottles rattled and he strode out of the room. Fists clenched, clearly angered and tears burning his eyes, he wound his way towards the back of the mansion, understanding that eyes followed him, knowing that there were questions. He simply couldn't care at that point because just when he believed they were beyond such immature reactions to things that shouldn't unsettle them, there he was, proven wrong. And he was quite aware of slipping up by not briefing Castiel on Claire's situation but it didn't call for such a conversation.
The two of them wandered through the gift shop and after a comfortable silence settled between them, Dean’s phone chirped. Pulling it out of his navy-blue sweater, he studied the notification and smiled before opening the message.
“I now pronounce you happily wedded,” the priest said, “you may –” but his words died away after the pair before his eyes sealed the deal and quite deeply too.
"You're not a horrible person, okay?" Dean's face contorted as he fought the urge to cry. "You're the most amazing person in my life."
"Really?" clearing his throat, the older man stared at the painting without locking eyes. "So you fancy older models of cars then?"
I couldn’t even look at him without fighting to breathe. There was nothing left inside of me but butterflies when he talked to me and I said the stupidest things. This wasn’t admiration, it was a crush that was developing into more than that and I was terrified at that point.
“Why?” Castiel’s voice was reduced to a low quality, blue eyes mellowing. “I would still be living half a mile away, wouldn’t I? There would be no disadvantages presented.”
“I noticed,” Castiel brushed their lips together softly and then smiled. “Dean Winchester possesses some qualities that I was never privy to.” He chuckled when the younger man smiled into their soft kisses, the way they simply could not entertain an inch of distance between their bodies. “It appears that you’re hiding quite a dominant side that couples nicely with your passionate mind. And I am falling in love so much more every single day with you, Dean. You’re proving to me that patience was always necessary to achieve the fullest meaning of happiness in my life—”
Cas carefully retrieved a plastic container containing a turkey sandwich and can of orange juice. Then he slowly approached the bed, sat down upon it softly with a worried look upon his face. “Dean, I brought you something to eat. You didn’t have lunch. And you need your strength.”
filling the Impala, Dean was consumed by a feeling that was so beautiful, he couldn't ever imagine being deprived of it. Lightheadedness, bliss in many forms, contentment to such an extent that glorified his world. The snow was brighter in white, the scent of their colognes sharper and his attention matched that with enough clarity to identify that Castiel was so soft, he kept blushing, allowing their eyes to meet then turning to cast his gaze outside.
"You still got the ring?" Amanda asked all of a sudden. "Don't give me that look! I found the ring in his jacket when I was busy trying to tear off his clothes," she beamed at Cas. "Can you imagine that?"
"Calm down," Castiel said softly and smiling as he reached out and carefully patted the front of Dean's black jeans. "Or else you may embarrass your owner and your biggest fan."
"Forgive me, but I'm just trying to digest this wonderful bit of a snack whilst battling silently with my thoughts."
Castiel, however, was not entirely prepared when the door slowly swung inwards and presented Dean in the doorway, looking rather dashing as always and possibly delicious.
“Maybe you should ask them if they’re…interested,” My voice was softer as I tried to bury my emotions. “Any woman would be immediately thrilled. And they
“I did,” he kept eyeing her with the pile of books. They were too precious and he felt as if Ruby was violating each copy with her tainted fingers. “And the apartment?”
Castiel couldn’t conceal his astonishment though and therefore stepped back as if severely bruised. “Yes, in fact I
Castiel give him his all, every single emotion he emptied into their kiss and although his mind was growing so dizzy, and they were barely pulling apart to breath a little, he didn’t stop.
“James Bond was too awesome for me to not follow in his footsteps. And—” Lee stopped when Castiel hustled towards them and deposited a large stack of paper on the counter next to the magazine rack, huffing out a sigh of frustration.
“I promise I wouldn’t, my darling.” And after disappearing again, the static from the radio was heard for a few seconds until the soft tunes of Paul Anka’s ‘Diana’ drifted into the living room.
, having sent a one minute and fifteen seconds voice note with his online status still registering like a bright beam of light. Naturally, Dean braced himself for anything at that point, understanding that his lack of reaching out earlier would have rubbed the older man the wrong way for various reasons. And after pressing play, he rested the phone onto his numb right ear and stared at the mansion looming across the moor with glazed eyes.
And Castiel was already certain of one thing; a lot had changed between them and the ripples from that storm would be felt sooner than later.
From the moment Dean hopped out, he couldn’t stop staring at the mansion climbing three levels up behind Castiel. And of course, his immediate scrutiny of the place from a stranger’s point of view would perhaps unearth the same expression on Dean’s face.
“I’ve known him since I was a baby basically,” Dean admitted softly, studying his hands and shrugging. “When you know someone for that long, you kind of bond with them more than anyone else.”
Twenty minutes later with their bags remaining on the map table in the war room, Dean counted the taller Winchester’s footfalls on the steps, craning his neck just out of anticipation. Then when the sound of the door banged shut, he grabbed Cas by the edge of his trench coat and pulled him in. Their lips met in the softest of kisses as Dean tasted peanut butter. And after the two of them started to drown in each other’s eyes, his composure collapsed.
angel who craved hugs and love and kisses for many years. Sure, he would resemble a composed and sophisticated man who revealed no weaknesses to the world on his demeanor. But possibly deep down inside, he was as clingy and desperate for affections as Dean was. The two of them just needed to climb the barbed fence and reach each other on the same side.
Dean groaned, burying his face into the curtains and Castiel laughed at the irritated expression. "Yes, we are decent. You may come in, Samuel."
“I’m sorry I’m like this. I’m fatigued and like I said…overworked and my mind is extremely weak. I’ve been rethinking a lot of things every single time there is room to ponder,” Castiel swallowed and frowned because he suddenly couldn’t breathe and the air between them was becoming too electric but not in a good way. “My job takes time away. I cannot be there as much as I want. I’m getting older and I become tired faster and I don’t want to weigh you down. What if I’m not there when you need me? Hmm?” Castiel suddenly realized that he pushed a little too much and wished to fix it.
Immediately the senior whose name was mentioned rounded on Lisa, demanding that she provide the truth and after the guilt shone in her eyes, the argument turned to their own midst. Dean was tensed enough to stiffen against Castiel but after Clarke retreated and the stares turned away from them, a slow kind of calm settled by the punch bowl again.
Cas was staring with such softness in his look that it should have been a crime to look at anyone with so much tenderness. Almost as if love was threatening to burst open like a fruit and spill all the beautiful affections allowed. If Dean could have only seen the way Cas looked at him in that moment, then Sam thought that maybe he wouldn't feel so bad after all. Maybe he would have felt so much better. But instead, he wiped away the tears with the heels of his palms and his reddened eyes fixated upon the television on his left, whilst Cas gazed at him on the right.
“Wait, didn’t he sleep with Sasha?” Donna spared her wife a curious look, whilst Ellen studied Dean’s countenance and so did Charlie. What they discovered was a piqued interest still affected by something hurtful underlying his small smile and although one was quite certain of why the downcast look appeared, the older one was still left in the dark.
Castiel’s parted lips trembled. “Dean, I want you. All of you. I want to see you…” boldly he cupped the hunter between his legs and those desperate fingers travelled upwards, tracing the bulge in Dean’s pants.
Dean was quite aware of the capacity of his heart to love, to be beaten down many times by others that came and went but never completely closing off to the actuality of more because there was always enough room inside of him to love.
Leaning a hip onto the wall by the table that housed the phone, the younger man twirled the cord around his finger and sighed too. “Honestly, it was damn weird.”
down there. But knock yourself out.” Closing her eyes, fists gnarling into claws, the demon swept up enough wind around them to bend some trees.
The lack of maturity was clearly evident on her side because she wanted to believe that her intentions were justified. But there was nothing but hate and anger between them and how dare she bring up their sex lives and label his performance as inadequate? Jo was the one who kept forcing to ignite a flame that wasn’t there from the beginning but because he was kind enough to allow her advances, Dean entertained the affections.
By the time he completed the short demonstration, addressing an invisible character by his side that he told them only he could see and unearthing giggles and smiles, the kids were eager to read the story. And Charlie was a little too thrilled to find them enthusiast about literature that she wondered if he could perhaps entertain guest appearances after she introduced books they were to study and analyze.
"Listen to me, Dean," Adam's tone was sterner. Ducking his head, he tried to meet his brother's eyes. "And listen to me good. I might not always be here for you, but I will not let anyone make you feel as if you're not worth it."
The entire ambience was generously haunting and eerie and by the time he was ushered into Dean’s bed chambers, Castiel couldn’t even remark on the size of the room. The tremendous grandeur that was contained in a space the size of his entire apartment couldn’t even unearth a reaction from him.
The younger man on the other hand was far too over the harshness delivered by Castiel that he pushed it down and tried once again to appear unfazed. Choosing more than one person to take around the room through various songs, even Kaia who softened up to him so quickly that they lasted two tunes whilst becoming familiar with each other. Then Dorothy who was quite skilled at waltzing until she giddied his mind around the room. Charlie proved to be the twist and clap kind of dance partner and Donna was far too eager to develop a friendly conversation with Dean like old times ever since the picnic.
“Are you ready to go, my love?” he asked suddenly, reaching down and entwining Dean’s fingers with his gloved ones. “We mustn’t waste such a lovely Sunday that we simply
"I don't want to keep secrets from you, so there are two things I need to address although on one of those matters, your father warned that I shouldn't divulge the information." When Dean hummed in approval, the older man released the breath he was holding from being anxious and then he sighed. "The encounter in the gas station wasn't on impulse."
“Jesus,” he folded his arms, swallowed and stared at the television for a prolonged period until Castiel shifted his position on the chair and then the inevitable happened.
"I'll always keep remembering how when we were kids, how you used to make Christmas day a special one for me. Always bringing in a tree of any size, and we would stay up making paper decorations. Then you would give me a gift every single Christmas morning for as long as I can remember."
“I can’t believe Sam’s going to make us watch Harry Potter,” the older Winchester straightened up after plugging in a few wires and suddenly noticed that blue eyes were focused on his behind. And when those same pair of eyes shifted to meet his emerald ones, Dean’s lips twitched into a smile whilst his neck dusted with the softest shade of pink. He cleared his throat.
Shaking his head, Dean could taste bitter bile from the thoughts of the man in question. "Nah, not as yet. Hoping to someday though.
"Yeah, we are." Dean rose up lazily, reached for the basket and poured them two glasses of lemonade. "You've got to admit that I sucked at my first blowjob, right?" he wanted to lighten the mood a little more and succeeded when Cas chuckled. "Like, no pun intended. But it was new to me, and I was like…terrified."
When Dean said nothing in return, but merely stared at him, Cas' chest shook. He started crying, biting his lips and feeling the purest form of pain settle through his body.
“I’m Dean…Winchester…uh,” the younger man swallowed hard and felt like he was on the verge of having a heart attack because why was this so familiar? Why was this face so familiar? Why was he suddenly aware of his sense prickling and his mind bubbling over and almost exploding? “I
"I've never been this soft with Lisa or anyone else, Cas," Dean admitted. "You know that. You've been there through it all. I've never felt so damn raw inside like I feel when I'm loving you. It's like my whole life, the world and my experiences kept breaking me. Now you're just reaching into my chest with your love and slowly taking out the shards one by one. And you're trying to put my heart back together."
Castiel's expression matched the older Winchester's own and he still tried to search for answers. "Dean, is everything okay?"
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel sniffed as the younger man opened the door to the apartment and Jess greeted them. Quickly he signaled to her that Dean had swallowed too many beers. “Can you do me a favor?”
Dean swallowed and his green eyes widened because being so suggestive was becoming the norm between the two of them. “We talking about sex or…generally?”
“I was actually here when I drunk texted you,” Castiel rested his hand upon the four cushioned chair facing the hearth bordered by a variety of rectangular stones and caged in with large logs. A fire was going but not too large; just enough to provide the large room with warmth. “Dean, I have waited so many years for you to come over here. This feels like a privilege to me.”
The storm hung above them though, darkening the towers and the forest but only lightly did it rain. And whilst Dean fed him slices of tomatoes and cucumbers, Castiel laughed heartily and never wanted the moments between them to ever end.
. Whilst you two were alone and chatty and confiding with each other? Away from me and everyone else and heaven knows where? Okay, Cass. You want to play a game? Two can play.
I stared at him and tried to peel away the layers but failed because his wall was so sturdy. “You’re just…exhausted and fatigued with life, I guess. It doesn’t mean that you’re a bad person. It just means that you’ve been dealt a bad hand and very soon, things will change for you.”
"Look, I said I'm sorry, okay?" Dean suddenly pushed open the door on his side of the car and leapt out. He obviously was frustrated about something. The very thought of what it was had been eating away slowly on his nerves since they had left Donatello and Castiel behind.
is sketchy according to what people have pushed up there. And in time, the muscles stretch so after your first time, it's going to be much easier. Same for him."
“Do me a favor and collect the pending folder on Dean’s desk,” she said whilst listening to someone on the phone and making notes on her pink sticky.
Dean froze up for a few seconds and decided that the world could become so cold when that warming beacon of light in anyone's life threatened to break that beautiful profound bond.
“For your information, she never used those terms.” Castiel sighed and returned to hauling a suitcase of clothes towards the front door. “What’s wrong with me? I’m curious to know.”
"I should what?" leaning over the table a little, the younger man stared back in disbelief. "Give up? After all we've been through, I should just hit another random skirt? I look like a butterfly to you that flits around?"
Charlie sighed long and hard, studying her nails on the other end of the phone, nails chewed down from nervousness overtime.
Dean rolled off of Castiel and tugged up his jeans that were soaked on the inside but he couldn’t care less. “Maybe I am.”
going to realize that none of this sex talk matters to me?” Castiel was practically pleading for her to stop. “I don’t need to talk about it.”
“Maybe you should come along,” he invited her after they exited the bookstore. “I get the feeling you’ll like my aunts. I bet you know Sheriff Hanscum.”
Later that night, when Castiel was sitting on the small balcony, almost at the bottom of the wine bottle, he kept replaying their conversation over and over again. He kept going back and experiencing the pain in his chest. How his heart was begging him to just let go of holding up his walls. To let the walls collapse and fall.
The words exchanged between them left him so bruised, especially the slight on his inability to reveal things easily that he couldn’t believe someone who claimed to know him would react so quickly. So…unfairly after voicing the acceptance the night prior to allow him room enough to battle his own demons before bringing them to the surface. Now? Before everyone? Why was Castiel behaving so insensitive especially in terms of his consumption of alcohol? Was it because of New York?
Immediately the teenager focused his cool gaze onto the approaching man and his face switched into a beaming smile. “Hi! It’s…you...from the..”
Just as two cowboys drew their guns and prepared for a fight, his phone dinged. With no regrets, he ignored the device for a good three minutes until the scene had settled back into a slower chain of events. And then, only then did he pick up his phone and check the display.
He loved him like someone who desperately needed to love a soft and precious thing, understanding that the world was a terrible place and the only option available was to protect and shelter. Castiel was anything but broken, but he was in dire need of so much affections, he was reaching out to Dean to love him, to hold him tenderly and just allow him a simple chance. After all, chances were free, weren't they? Chances weren't supposed to be clouded by injustices between them, when they were far too familiar with each other's flaws and beliefs.
“You could wear a potato sack and he’d still look at you like you’re a billion dollars. But because of formality,” she neatly fixed the jacket on a hanger and laid it on the bed, “you have to go with the suit.” When Castiel groaned, she chuckled. “Dude, you kick ass in suits. You ooze sex appeal and if you keep your hair just as it is, you’ll look like one of those dashing guys who can weaken anyone’s knees.”
Dean sighed. He toed off his jeans, one leg at a time and then quickly, he made a dash for the bed and tumbled onto the sheets. The entire pool of sheets drifted along with Dean's plunge and Cas scowled and yanked the blanket onto his side. Then growling, he pulled the entire soft material into his chest and narrowed his eyes at Dean who was suddenly laughing.
"It's easy for me to think about the backseat though," Dean helplessly furthered the moment. "What do you think?"
"Maybe it was one of my episodes again," Dean said to her. Thinking about taking another shot, he almost did but stayed by the window. "I've been sailing on a high for close to two weeks now. All the partying and booze. And then I met him and flaunted myself in the media, bringing him into it. Now, look where it got me."
, I think that’s enough probing for one day, don’t you agree? I’ve been ravished by my meeting with Claire and you’ve presented quite a few intense moments for me. Really? I’d like to rest my mind a little since my head feels heavy. If you don’t mind…”
Dean’s laughter was so musical, low and contained inside his throat. “Ass reference so not helping right now, love. I’ll be downstairs at five. Cheers then.” And with a small wave, the Prince ducked into The Hub.
Accepting the offer, Castiel’s knees weakened when the senior’s thumb lightly caressed his bottom lip and returning the smile, he captured Dean’s hand into his. “Three days ago, I thought…tonight would be just another Saturday evening with the company of TCM.”
"Teasing, he says," Sam grinned like the Cheshire cat and burrowed his butt deeper into the cushion. "Cas, it's time for us to give you
"Might come in handy when Cas comes back," Sam shrugged, avoiding eye contact as he smiled. "The reunion between you two will be epic."
Doing what the right way? Cas was losing his mind. He was collecting the notes and tucking them into the pocket of his black leather jacket as if they were the most precious jewels. The third note wasn't so far away, and glancing at the table, he felt tears burn his eyes when the bottle of red wine and two glasses decorated the surface. And for the first time since they had been together, Dean had finally decided to go all mushy and vintage and sensually romantic on him.
“At least do me the honor of taking the bag to my door,” the privileged CEO said without a smile and would have appeared very handsome if not for my crossed mood.
And then he never thought it was possible, but they built up that same delicious rhythm again. This time though, they were hungry for each other, almost as if their souls were making love. As if their kisses could grow deeper and deeper. Dean sought out Cas’ tongue and invited the intrusion into his mouth. And when they realized how tasting each other on a whole other level was so enticing, they couldn’t let go. Gasping for air, he tried to take control but Cas wouldn’t allow it at all. Not when all the pent-up tension between them was slowly being released. Not when he could take all he wanted without holding back.
Instantly though, the warmth intensified between them like a winter coat when Castiel snaked an arm around him. And because he was so captivated by intrigue to discover so much more, he settled into his best friend’s shelter and sighed.
"That is a discussion I will need to have with you sooner than later," Mary smiled afterwards. "Now this man. Are you in love with him?"
“Look, we’ve both made our arguments, so let’s just call it off instead of going on and on and making each other angrier and angrier, okay?” Dean played with the latch on the window and avoided their eyes meeting.
“Easy money,” Sam followed suit, flatted his red shirt and smiled broadly. “I actually know one of them so it’s not so bad.”
Wake up, Cas! I swallowed, and literally drowned in the most beautiful green eyes I ever looked into in my entire life. Even the comment about my attire didn’t even register properly because everything about
"No," Castiel wrapped his fingers around Dean's own and both of them studied the small gift that held no significant meaning in that moment. "Try again."
By the time they climbed the stairs together, Dean and Castiel were still fueled on adrenaline but the tiredness from the journey rested inside their bones. Then after the kind young man who brought up their bags left with a nod, the two of them studied each other in a deepened gaze that was uncomfortably filled with so many emotions.
“Anything you feel comfortable with. It’s nice to finally meet you two. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“Thank you, bro,” Sam smiled from ear to ear, as he watched the other man detach himself from his brother. The latter was scowling from the absence of Cas’ hands on him and it was so freaking adorable to witness, Sam felt like he was going to explode.
Dean and Cas acted as silent speculators, obviously impressed by the banter between the two. Yet beneath the table, Cas’ hand was trailing a pathway between Dean’s thighs…boldly. And Dean was thoroughly enjoying the feel of those sure fingers.
at that point. And after slowly rising to his feet, he washed his face before staring into a pair of eyes that were wide and searching.
“Alright fine,” he admitted in defeat with a shrug, “I also have to study for exams so I should be occupied. Plus, with Christmas coming up and all, we got to start prepping for the Christmas party.”
"Well, he's right here actually, and we're both naked," Dean grinned when the older man sent him a bewildered look, arms folded. Completely accepting defeat, Castiel turned to blink at the whitened landscape beyond the window. "You wouldn't believe how long we've been going at it."
She bought it and settled into the movie once more as Dean centered himself on ignoring Castiel for the rest of the time. But from the moment he returned his cup to the holder and tried to relax, the feel of a warm hand reaching for his own forced him to stiffen instantly. Dean couldn’t contain his surprise when Castiel entwined their fingers on his lap and squeezed as if reassuring him that everything was going to be fine between them.
Dean stared back as the lyrics resonated with him in all honesty and folding his arms, he sunk deeper into the chair as Castiel locked eyes with him.
. Besides,” sighing, she cast a glance at Castiel who was brooding and offering up the most adorable expression, “it’s not like coming here was easy for me.”
“I will rip your clothes off and taste every single part of you, Cas. I want to give you the best damn blowjob that will literally blow your mind wide open. Goddammit, I will…” Dean clenched his fists and his chest heaved. “I will make love to you all night and I’ll get no sleep at all. And when I say make love, I mean go all the way because—”
“Understood,” Castiel smiled and continued strumming. “Mine is too. So, to settle us a little…this song is dedicated to you Dean, but unfortunately it doesn’t belong to me but the wonderful Blake Sheldon.”
“Neither can I,” Dean sensually grazed his right thumb across Castiel’s parted lips and leaned in to steal a kiss. “I’ve felt you, but I need to see you.”
The breeze was refreshing on a warm summer’s day, coming through the window and caressing the wind chimes. The view was astounding from the window he liked to sit by. All of it was so tempting to become lost in. If he tried, he just might be able to forget the heartache that was threatening to kill him.
"Hey, you know that you kind of hurt Cas' feelings when you told him to stay behind, right?" Dean's heart ached still, from remembering the sad, lost look when they drove away and left him standing there in front of the bunker.
Sam would rate his brother's behavior as an A grade loser if he even caught a whiff of the hopeless situation unfolding. For a full minute, Dean scanned the shelves whilst diverting his attention to the owner of the finest ass and he hoped, really hoped that he wasn't going to make a fool of himself any time soon.
Castiel felt fingers entwining with his own and then his hand was boldly guided into the younger man's pants, until he could feel how warm and ready he was to embrace the sense of touching and teasing.
"Then why would you go out of your way to avoid me, to turn me down and embarrass me in front of your friend and everyone else who caught on fast enough?" Dean's voice was so hoarse, and his eyes pleaded for understanding. "Do you think that I chose this? I didn't."
“Wouldn’t miss that fucking hymn after Saturday!” Clarke did a ridiculous dance on the tabletop. “You know what else I wouldn’t miss? This stupid food!” stooping to collect his tray, he held it up and tipped the contents onto the floor. The box of juice plopped onto the tiled surface along with the square of macaroni and extra ketchup.
Until he surprisingly survived through the entire car ride, ten minutes of glorious silence between them with the radio on. Cas tapping his shoe to the rhythm of an 80s mix tape and the roar of the traffic outside. Not forgetting the constant glances they kept throwing at each other. Quick ones at first, then lingering ones equipped with smiles. Then just because he
And Cas, well, he felt like everything between them was crumbling. "Hi," he simply said, his heart doing a summersault. Those blue eyes travelled from the other man's slightly damp hair, to his denim jacket, black tank and faded blue jeans, then the keys in his right hand. "Are you going out?"
"It's not that simple," Dean said in an uneven tone. He pinched the bridge of his nose and inhaled deeply. Then he let out a long sigh.
“Fine, be like that. Leave me to feel like something is wrong with me because I would like to learn about you.”
Dean sighed and turned his eyes to the door leading into the shower, a simple door made of oak with no special details but a silver knob. "Like you're…terrified I might drop a bomb and blow up…something," Dean said stiffly. "I couldn’t stay out of trouble without you being around.”
“I mean…” he couldn’t conceal his astonishment as Balthazar wrapped his arms around no other than Benny and pulled him in closer to deepen the most passionate kiss. “Damn…would you look at that.”
“Or else what?” Ruby’s eyes were on fire. Her smile was wickedly amusing. “You’ll start throwing random Austen lines at me? Thy. Thee and thus?”
Why did he agreed to come to England without following Zachariah's warnings about 'finally getting laid'? Possibly, all of it had been a premonition, of coming here to fuck up what was already a normal life for him.
“I’m sorry, man. Shouldn’t have gone off like that. I get that this isn’t easy for you either but at least you know how you feel already. Dean’s never been here before. And he’s struggling and you can’t even see it because he’s trying to hide it from you. I just wish the two of you could just talk, man. You used to talk about everything and now it’s like there’s this wall between the two of you that I don’t like at all.”
His mother used to always lament on the importance of remaining close to the people who mattered most and perhaps those speeches burrowed deep down inside of Dean's mind until it wasn't a choice anymore. Had he departed from town though, then he may have never realized that his soul mate was no other than Castiel, someone who loved him more than he loved himself. Someone who pushed past his flaws and accepted those quirks and those weaknesses and everything else. And Dean was so thrilled to have such a companion because no one else would ever compare.
Unlocking his phone after exiting the Impala, he discovered that the very person swirling around in his thoughts sent him a message.
“Do what?” Castiel’s openness in his countenance was enough to soften the younger man’s heart immensely. “I’d do anything for you, Dean.”
This time, it was so evident by almost everyone that something was wrong and the laughter died down until Balthazar brought the party to life again. And whilst the questions still remained, Sam knowing all too well what was occurring, everyone else seemed confused and searched Dean's face. To their dismay, the younger man was helping himself to whiskey and Canada Dry as if nothing was awry and quickly deciding that he needed to intervene, Sam went ahead and poured the shot instead.
He felt for her bag, all eyes glued to the three men dressed in black suits. Then Castiel stopped breathing when he finally managed to capture the entirety of Dean’s profile emerging from the door of the church where few family members were gathered.
Then, of course, everything else in the cathedral settled into a calmness that reserved Castiel the right to at least comment internally on the exactitude of Saint Anne’s.
Cas was giving him a break. Both of them. And the worst part of it all was knowing that Cas wasn't okay, that both of them were going through this differently. Whether Cas felt the same about him or not, it didn't matter at that point. What mattered was that he was slowly beginning to find happiness and calm again and that was the most important achievement.
Fifteen minutes later found the two of them inside the Chevy Impala, driving down the highway on a beautiful Sunday morning. Windows down, the wind licking their faces and then just because he was feeling good about himself, Dean pawed around in the car until he discovered the right kind of music. And as he pushed Cas' Mixtape into the deck, the angel smiled warmly, shook his head and diverted his eyes onto the rolling grasslands outside his window.
The next day, he actually woke up at one, groggy and overslept, feeling like his brain was scattered around, the desperate need of Jess to take her into town for some groceries proved to be a drive that he enjoyed even though expecting otherwise. It gave them both a chance to engage in conversations without Sam around or the kids racing about, opening up to each other and realizing that certain things bothered her which very much aligned with Dean's own relationship. And whilst pushing the trolley through the supermarket, he picked up a box of cereal for the twins and studied her face with a look of utter surprise.
Castiel was lost for a few seconds, not blinking, chest heaving until he clamped around Dean's cock so tightly, his arms reached around and he clung to the younger man through another wave of pleasure, crying out his name until there were no words after.
"I miss you," Cas said with as much feeling in between three words that he could muster up. "And I love you, Dean Winchester."
For most of the night though, Castiel didn’t sleep a wink. Instead, he silently curled up on the window seat and lost himself in the passing lights of ships.
“Well darling,” he said softly now, hugging the other man deeper into his arms, “let’s try to get some shut eye before Sam finds a case. And I hope he doesn’t find one soon.”
Dean stopped and immediately cast her an impressed look, hands planted on his hips. “Is that so? You two sharing clothes now too?”
“I asked you a question!” Dean’s stern tone caused a low rumble in the other man’s chest to awaken a sinful and secretive desire. “And look at me when I’m talking to you. I hate when I can’t see those fucking beautiful eyes that should only be focused on me now.”
He was always the composed one, growing accustomed to maintaining his role as a guardian who could never show any signs of weakness in order to raise Dean the right way. Until now, he couldn't maintain that composure because the man he was desperately in love with, wouldn't stop loving him back in the most beautiful ways.
Swiping a copy of Entertainment Weekly from the rack, Lee studied it and sighed because his friend's signature move was to deflect. “Nah. Wish we were. Then it would give me time to revisit a couple of places here and there like the animal shelter for instance. Heard it’s still there and taken over by some rich dude who owns a bunch of other ones around the country. Really and truly,” he flipped the pages idly as his voice settled into a softer tone, “we’re here investigating that drug bust you probably know about. The one involving the fucking church. Of all the clichés…”
“The vocalist and guitarist from Led Zeppelin,” Cas continued. “I know who they are, Dean. As much as you’ve done extensive research on me to know that my favorite singer is Taylor Swift. I’ve looked up your interests. Like your secret obsession with Disney movies.”
“The usual, lots of ketchup and pepper, uh,” Dean studied Cas’ face sideways and the two of them began to drown in each other’s eyes so he glanced away, “a plate of wedges. A beer for me.”
"You and me both. But hey, she's a one in a lifetime kind of friend and we're both lucky to have her, am I right?" Dean fondly ruffled Jack's hair and jerked his chin to the music emanating from inside the orphanage. "How about we go find some food in this place?"
"Dean?" Castiel's tone was softened almost to a whisper, "would you like us to speak about what happened yesterday?" and there it was, what he most feared; the inability to never let something go. "Forgive me for being so persistent but I cannot deny that we need to address it at least?"
"Forgive me for being blunt, but it comes with being who you are. And reporters have nothing but good things to say about you. You're the one who fuels those stories with your actions."
The next morning when Dean emerged from a deep, beautiful sleep, he guiltily reach for the other side of his rumpled bed which was vacant and still warm.
For a long time, even though Amanda tried to pull him into reality, Dean suffered in his own silence. He became mute to the world and hated that with every beat of his heart, there was pain. So much pain.
Unfortunately, he somehow lost his way after making one wrong turn from Main Street and because his head was pounding by then from the confusion of pinpointing exactly where he was, Dean stopped. He stumbled onto the sidewalk and under the shed of a building which looked unlike any he ever cast eyes on, there he remained breathless.
Dean was wearing a long-sleeved maroon colored shirt and his arms were toned more than ever. The muscles in his back rippled when he turned around to scrutinize the apartment which was completely lacking in anything but warmth. And she tried not to admire Dean’s ass and crotch in his pair of black jeans but failed miserably.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?” tenderly touching the other man’s cheeks, he started to drown in the mellow pools of green that blinked slowly at him.
"No, I…" the angel sighed. "Okay, fine. Stay awake until the sun rises. That's all I'd like. For you to keep talking to me. When you fall asleep, I'm left with the sound of you breathing and it's not quite an encouraging conversation to have."
"Look, Sammy, I'm not going to go easy on him because of this, okay? He doesn't get a free pass just because he's a freaking angel."
Ruby was impressed by the honesty. She admired the fact that Dean had actually noticed that her handsome friend was somewhat concealed from public scrutiny. Why? Because he was hiding. And for good reason.
“She’s just glad to be getting out there again,” Dean’s breath caught in his throat when Castiel fitted snugly behind him. Then releasing his grip on the reins, he reached back and felt between them for the other man’s hands.
He typed for a long time, heightening Dean’s fears of a long paragraph that would terminate their friendship forever. But then when the response came afterwards, he was certain that Castiel had been debating on many things to express or he wasn’t skilled at touch typing on the phone.
"Oh, no you don't," said the older man in the largest of smiles, overly tipsy and still could manage to drive a car like he was sober. "Let me mix you a Sugar Daddy's Cock."
And after almost a month, Castiel still wanted Dean so much, that he started to crave him sexually as well. And he thanked the heavens that Ruby’s aunt tucked him up in a room by himself or else the results of his dreams would have entertained Ruby a little too much, and would have sent her into a frenzy had she seen what thinking of Dean did to him; writhing and touching himself like a sex deprived demon.
“Did you miss me?” Dean’s voice was terribly low as his chest heaved. “These past three months? Did you find someone else to distract you? You know, someone who wasn’t…me. Did you sleep with anyone or tried to get over me?”
The first time they met. The conversations. The meeting by the window when they almost kissed and Castiel broke away. The argument that pushed them apart.
“Dude, one more word,” Dean warned, “and I’m throwing you out to walk the rest of the way. You good, Charlie?” Trying to sidestep the topic, he considered the young woman by his side and forced out a smile because Balthazar’s words were too suggestive of something that he didn’t wish to dwell on.
“Why is it my fault?” the older man followed close behind, quite energetic as always and flushed from their lips brushing in the library. After the two of them reached the top of the staircase, green eyes latched onto blue ones and sparkled. “Do you find what you see most admirable?” extending his arms and bowing his head shyly, Castiel smiled.
"Cas." But then he had already gone through the doorway and disappeared into the bunker and Dean literally felt as if he had killed every kind of progress they had made.
“Just…stop it,” he mumbled, although his face turned a mild shade of red and he shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
"I don't want to disappoint you, Cas." Dean studied the older man's back and he held his breath because there it was, his insecurities shining bright like a lighthouse beam. "I don't want us to jump into this and then I can't do anything right because I'm not seasoned—"
"Between you two," the younger Winchester cleared his throat. "I'll bring you two together and act as a mediator. There are things the two of you need to get out of your systems and since you can't seem to meet on your own, then I'll plan everything and make it happen."
It was like coming home, slipping off his boots and warming his feet by the fire or digging into a warm bowl of soup during winter. Everything about that little secretive moment felt so honestly real and beautiful to Dean that he couldn’t deprive himself of it. He
Despite his belief that no one would come looking for him, and after his vision pinched with darkness from fainting, the sound of a car’s screeching tires kept him conscious. Barely though, he registered the door flying open, the feel of strong arms hoisting him up and because he was barely there, Dean sunk into a cold blank dream of nothing for a while.
“I feel you.” Castiel stopped breathing, when he savored warm breath replaced by soft kisses. Dean’s chest and arms enveloped him into so much comfort and love and security.
“Hi!” he settled onto the sofa and rested the bowl of vegetable soup on the coffee table. “Forgive me but I managed to dump myself too.”
It was also fortunate that being contained in the corner allowed him the capacity to inwardly judge the congregation, the small ‘out of chorus’ choir and Father Crowley. But since
Sometimes, when they touched intimately in the dark, Cas remembered how Dean would become so frightened from doing the wrong things. From his fear of exploring too fast or too slow, Dean would start to tremble. His hands would shake and he would hyperventilate and then when Cas held the hunter’s face between his hands and spoke to him softly, Dean would gain all the strength he needed to continue. He would entwine their fingers and hug Cas close to him throughout the night, never letting go. And now.
“You’re really my soul mate, aren’t you?” Castiel’s face flushed. “Mine is The Bodyguard. I absolutely love Costner.”
"Oh, go on," she laughed softly, leaning back. "Say it. But I don't like labels. I met her five years ago. On a train. We were both running away from our own kind of hell. From the moment our eyes met, I fell in love with her. And ever since, she's been my definition of a place between heaven and hell."
” She glanced back and Dean followed reluctantly. “He’s been digging away at other people’s money problems and all he probably needs is to lie back and be dominated in bed.”
“I was just going to ask if you broke a few jaws,” he said and a few seconds of silence settled between us as we just gazed at each other. His green eyes took on a darker shade. A soft wind lightly lifted dark blonde hair resting upon his forehead and he seemed so mesmerized. “You got a girl, Cas? A
"Dean, you could go over there, okay?" Charlie said softly and squeezed his arm whilst offering a pleading look, "you could walk right into the place and ask to see him and he'll come out and talk to you. But don’t you think that he deserves to spend his time doing other things too? Dorothy, for instance, when she's farming, it's her
"I broke him," Cas said, hiding his eyes behind trembling hands. "I can hear him crying. In my head. I can feel how wounded he is. I shouldn't have brought up Anna."
I hope you've enjoyed this one, guys. What started off as a ones shot ended up being four chapters. Cheers for your support.
filled the room and intermingled with their moans. The promises he made before played out just enough to take the other man’s breath away over and over again. And after he buried himself inside of Castiel, he kissed him deeply as their bodies adjusted.
“Yeah, fuck my hand.” Cas said in that gravelly seductive tone and turned his head slightly to Dean, then looked him straight in the eyes. “Fuck my hand until you can’t hold back anymore.”
“A rolling stone always comes back home,” Benny clapped Dean on the arm and after pulling his head back, a careful assessment was once again done. “Man, you still look like them damn spoiled rich white folk. Didn’t I break you out to last a good few years as a rogue? You still got your nose in those books and studies? All those boring things that’s going to only give you a boring life?”
The way he softened and his blue eyes blinked slowly, because he was mesmerized. Hooked on the moment like a desirous dream.
"How are you feeling?" he tried in a weak voice as Dean collected the cup from under the machine and leaned onto the counter.
"I keep thinking of the cashier's face when she checked out the shirts," Sam said smiling. "Most likely thought we were a couple from the 'I'm Taken' one."
"Oh, come on," she sat up and stared, "don't give me that bull. You've been writing about him and his family for years now. You know things about him that I bet I don't even know."
"Well, after love comes marriage," Cas whispered as he adjusted the blanket around them. The night was still and beautiful because he was with Dean. "And then…after marriage comes babies…in a carriage. At least that's what Cindy kept singing when I told her that we're together. Dean, I can't wait for you to ask me." Cas nestled his face into the hunter's chest and curled up like a comma. "I'm going to keep waiting. For as long as it takes."
Now, when he finally felt how blissful it was to form that intimate connection with his best friend, the one man who he loved more than anything in the world, Dean's eyes leaked hot tears. And Cas…
After I had climbed into bed that night, my cell buzzed on the bedside stand and I frowned at it. Possibly it could be Charlie, because she tended to message at ungodly hours but when I identified that known number…I hesitated in opening the message.
"I'm trying," Dean said in a strained tone, obviously wounded and frustrated at that point and it was so early already. "I'm trying and he doesn't want to patch things up so what the hell am I supposed to do?"
“You baked a pie,” the older man tilted his head after collecting his knife and fork again, “I believe that is adequate enough. Tell me, do you consider ketchup as a vegetable?”
“The last time I checked,” Sally said with fires burning in her eyes, “I outrank you. I’m a manager. You’re an assistant so maybe you should show a little respect before I report you to HR.”
Dean stared wildly around him, trying to gasp for air and he felt so lost all of a sudden. So confused that he couldn't decide whether he was having the best dream of his life or living his worst nightmare. Because he had dreamed about that moment happening over and over again since they last saw each other. Since Cas disappeared and never contacted him. It had been a little over a month and he had been pacing himself. Day by day, Dean buried his hope away and couldn't do it.
The stunned look on Castiel's face immediately tumbled into a wave of relief that brought forth so many tears that flowed abundantly before he weakly drifted closer. His fingers inched nearer, finding Dean's own and whilst gazing at each other with love and fear and hesitation, the younger man entwined their hands.
By the time Charlie finished with the book and wandered downstairs, she stumbled into no other than the very same man whose likeness was contained in the photos. And with the same charm and happiness in greeting, Castiel gestured for Charlie to sit with him in front of the fire as the rains poured and thunder rocked the sky above them.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice was strained with emotion and wavered, his gaze intense and burning the sides of friend’s face. “Look at me.”
Silence at first. Dean gazed at the words for a long time before he decided to rest it gently by his side. And pulling another gift towards him, this time one that was wrapped in green, he discovered it was from Claire and decided to open it. When he pulled out a white teddy bear with blue eyes wearing a trench coat, Dean smiled warmly at Claire's gift. He loved it, absolutely adored it and after discovering that the bear had a small card attached to it, he pried it open:
"Yes?" the crackle of logs perhaps in the hearth somewhere within the mansion and then the sigh of a cushion as Castiel lowered himself onto it. "Talk to me, Dean."
The moment was perfect bliss for Castiel, as he was lacking practice but evidently guided by soft lips that were eager to taste him. It was a kiss that warmed him in so many ways as Dean tilted his head and kept on going with the intention of proving how invested he was in whatever love could feel like between them. Castiel learned a little fast to match the slow pace and when he was pulled in closer, into Dean’s arms, there was no escaping the feel of the senior’s body so toned and warm.
"No, shut up for just a second," Sam's tone was softer now as he squeezed his jaw, appearing pensive. "As an outsider, and more than half of England by now, it's damn obvious that the two of you are attracted to each other. I'm going to go low grade and say that I know so far for sure, that you at least like each other."
“I don’t mind,” Castiel said smiling into the fire. His blue eyes were like warm pools of water. “I really don’t mind that at all.” The silence stretched on between them and it was a comfortable two minutes filled with their pensive looks into the burning embers. Then Castiel sighed which always happened unexpectedly and without his control.
“Yeah, well…” her words died down when no other than Crowley showed himself first by the top of his black hat followed by a swinging cane and a remarkable smile. “I swear, I’m not an expert either.”
“True, he looks bruised and sad as ever, poor thing,” Donna contributed, everyone immediately throwing a glance at the man in discussion, standing by the fire and nodding at John. “Not a smile since the evening began and he looks as pale as a ghost.”
"Coming from you, that's more than flirting," Ruby was more than a couple inches shorter than him. "But I'll take it. I'm not all that bad. It's what makes me a damn good reporter. Because I'm willing to do anything to chase a story. And I do it because I like my job. I like taking pictures and I like telling a story."
"Yeah, well every time he tries to help me, he kills me a little more inside." When Dean realized how much he had let out, those green eyes hardened. And for a moment, he turned away, as if shielding his true feelings from his brother.
Dammit. It just felt like he passed me over by not providing a response. And I didn’t understand why it was done so smoothly, but it kind of hurt me. No acknowledgement? Even after I gave in to sacrificing my entire lunch hour to spend time with him? Where was the lie? Apparently people in higher places didn’t really treasure respect or show any kind of appreciation for us peasants. They thought it was our duty to serve their every demand.
“I just thought that when you do…settle down with your…wife,” Castiel’s tone dipped a little lower on the last word and he avoided eye contact, “you would prefer to pass on your abundance of good looks and cleverness through your own offspring.”
“Dean!” Castiel writhed under him and kept coming over and over again. “Look…at…” he tried to capture the other man’s face between his trembling fingers, “look at me. I want to see you.”
Turning towards the lamp on the bedside table, he flipped on the switch and buried himself deeper into the pile of blankets. Come what may, revealing secrets were supposed to leave someone feeling raw inside and the moment he understood that he needed to divulge those memories, that is when he discovered how his love for Castiel was deepening. There was no denying that they were falling in love every single day, breaking and then fitting together. They were becoming so connected that as he lay in bed trying to recover, he didn't feel alone.
Dean was blushing so deeply. “I will. I hope that you enjoy your new job. If they give you a rough time, just let them know who your boyfriend is.”
Castiel was at a loss for words from the beauty, the splendor of finally entering a historical gem. "Only in my dreams and perhaps videos. 600 rooms as I can recall."
"Alright, fine," Castiel sighed and surrendered, holding his hands up. "You can give me the itinerary. But I can't make any promises that I will tone down my sex appeal. How about you pay the bill?"
After waving and leaving shoe marks in the snow, Castiel passed through the gate, closed it swiftly behind him and then left the two young people in silence. But the silence wasn’t prolonged as Dean dragged the shovel over to the bench and slowly lowered himself beside his friend. Studying her mittens, Charlie sighed and after he leaned into her, she turned to blink at him as if expecting only the truth, which was after all, most deserving.
Eye of the Tiger interrupted the moment which was hanging heavy between them, and relieved somewhat, Dean snatched his mobile from the windowsill. Their eyes remained glued together though, the sentences in the air and never settling because there
“Everything works fine for me,” he said with confidence, as if he had the healthiest sex life ever. When all of us were more than aware that his girlfriend had sworn him to wear a promise ring until they got married, casting the idea of having sex off until then.
The conversation around the table erupted into a full fledge debate on Game of Thrones to which Dean sighed, seemed less interested and turned to Annalise on his right to whisper something. The two of them laughed and it was in that moment that Castiel hated himself for feeling so stupidly jealous.
When Sam manned the wheel and he comfortably stretched out in the backseat, exhausted from driving for three hours after they departed New York, Dean tugged out his phone and opened WhatsApp.
Sam’s number was registered as a PRIVATE one which was so unfortunate for Castiel. He wanted to call and ask the youngest Winchester for a number he shouldn’t have deleted in the first place with the intention of expressing his sincere gratitude towards Dean for the flowers and the note.
"No, you didn't." She hugged him tighter and it was evident that he didn't want to let go. "I think he is giving you time to breathe. You mustn't think that everyone is against you, my dear boy. There are some people who will love you and some who will not. And you will know the good ones from the bad ones. I think Castiel is a good one. But you need to give him time. He will come around."
“Oh god,” Dean covered his face with his hand, shaking from the thrilling feeling of welcoming all of his dreams coming to life. Cas was actually going to…And then when he felt the other man’s mouth close around his already hardened cock, Dean cried out hoarsely and his body began to convulse from the blissful earth-shattering feeling. “Cas,” he drove his fingers through dark hair that was wild from their love making, and when Cas took him fully into his mouth, Dean couldn’t restrain himself further.
Dean smiled and their lips danced together, tasting each other's breaths. "You did. Everything about you has always felt right."
"So, you're saying that I basically keep her at arm's length mostly," Claire said, confused. "And also keep her in my life."
"No, you may not have my number," Castiel stated with a scowl. "You know what? He owes me a public apology. Defamation of character, I'd call it. I can't even walk the streets of London, showing my face. This is harassment. Beyond my understanding why he would go out of his way to place the spotlight on someone like me."
“You wouldn’t dare,” Dean said softly and chuckled because he really wouldn’t mind accepting the trench coat at all but could never digest the actuality of losing his best friend for good.
When those green eyes fluttered open, there were flames behind them and Castiel crushed their lips together again because he wanted to be burnt.
Such a warning didn't require much persuasion and springing up from the older man's lap, Dean crawled on his knees and tickled the twins generously before moving onto the little squirming infant. When the baby was ravished with kisses and giggled until there were tears in those emerald eyes, Dean moved onto the boxes and gift bags under the tree. And it was normal for there to be many of those, because every single time the extended family discovered something worthy of putting into a box, they included all until the pile grew and grew.
"I was wrong to leave without giving you a chance to explain yourself. I cannot apologize enough for that. But if you keep holding that against me, then what we can have together…will never be easy."
The endless silence that contained so many words. The cries for help for months now. It was becoming so unbearable to sit alone with Dean and try to ignore the obvious. The dark cloud almost about to burst from anguish and doubt.
going to happen going forward,” Castiel said softly after the hurtful conversation they both entertained about matching Charlie with Crowley was remembered. “What must follow evidently is, like your father highlighted, the appearance of law enforcement which will cast a terrible light onto the town for a few days or a few weeks. Very unfortunate that this has to happen around Christmas but there is no rest for the wicked, I’m afraid. And the media will desire nothing more than to devour such a story.”
He could still feel Dean’s eyes on him, waiting for a reaction and was melting inside from the return of the words he uttered earlier, even if those words were spoken in another language. But he couldn’t say anything. He just couldn’t breathe.
This was not happening to him now, not when he was merely having a conversation. But blame it on him for getting into the other man's personal space and trying to taste what it was like, trying to ascertain what the tension contained.
"Are you serious right now?" Dean stared back and completely weakened from the inability of being understood by someone he thought knew him like the back of his hand. "You really don't know what this is about?"
“He’s not really arrogant like Darcy though. Dean’s more like Lizzie with the way he behaves. Like playful, smiling, lively. Whilst you’re more like Darcy; serious, quiet, soft spoken, stiff—”
"As compared to you twisting around in the sheets with a different woman every month," Castiel said in a clipped tone. He rolled his eyes. "Romance does nothing for me. It is simply an illusion created in the minds of people with low self-esteems who crave the attention of someone else to complete them."
“I’m not going to…” Dean stared at his brother and then his green eyes flicked to the door. “Is that what he thinks? That I’m having second thoughts?”
“His partnership was well-funded for years and I suspect paperwork would be missing. When he approached my brother for funding, money needed to be passed underhand. There would be no signed documents, but an understanding that whatever was exchanged would be accounted for.”
"Fine," Cas nodded slowly, his face stolid. And turning on the spot, he began to walk away. But whilst climbing the steps inside the bunker, feeling like he couldn't wait to rush outside and scream his anger to the sky, there were rushed footfalls behind him. And he stopped.
When Dean’s eyes fluttered open, at first he was wildly aware of his vision being obscured by something new. It wasn’t what he had expected. In fact, the cluster of feathers shielding his view from the top of the bunker was too surreal. And maybe he was about to have a mild panic attack but perhaps Cas read his mind because suddenly, those jet-black wings pulled apart from in front of the hunter’s eyes and extended on either side of them. And craning his neck to follow the smooth flow of movement, Dean was suddenly so impressed by what he discovered, he gasped.
But Dean wasn't really sharing the same sentiments afterwards though. Not really. Well, the kiss was damn mind-blowing and then…Cas kept pulling him in for more and more as he seemed to crave Dean's touch and his taste. But to hold his composure whilst he was guiltily craving a release? Whilst the feel of Cas against him was so hot and wild and then Dean kept envisioning what the other man tasted like in every other place. Every single inch. None of those desirous thoughts did him any favors.
"When I got the text message, I was somewhat terrified," Cas moved aside the little yellow umbrella from his glass and studied the green content. "The idea of a date didn't spare me the anxiety."
“Then does that still bother you, Dean?” Cas asked as his milk shake lost its coldness. Blue eyes searched emerald ones. “That I am a man physically? Is it a struggle for you when we’re intimate?”
“You okay back there?” Sam glanced behind him and then back at the road ahead as the wipers pushed snowflakes aside and revealed a pale orange sunset.
Castiel hooked his finger through the loop in front of Dean’s jeans and he fumbled with the zipper. Then after tugging it down, when he stumbled upon no underwear but the bareness of Dean’s cock tucked sideways into the folds of his jeans, Castiel stared at the other man with wide eyes.
"On what exactly?" Castiel pried, rather…he rushed out before his mind could even process the severity of the question and then as green eyes widened, he cleared his throat. "Forgive me, but I cannot help but feel like there isn't much catching up to do since you two have already spent half an hour briefing each other. Is there a wealth of details you would like to relive from the past when you two would have shared all of it already?"
Cas stared at him for a long time, and Sam couldn't read his facial expression. "Did he tell you to do this?"
Dean, obviously stunned by the detachment, stared after the older man and sighed. “You need to hold the ladder!” he shouted. “Do you want me to fall on my ass?”
"I don’t want us to fall asleep with unsettled business between us," Castiel croaked, his cupped fingers caressing the other man's jawline tenderly. "Let's make that a rule, that we must never sleep without mending whatever becomes broken—"
Whatever else had happened during the younger man’s teenage years that he labelled as regretful experiences, Castiel wished that he could learn of those things. But then if he became aware of those, then would he feel a sense of being blamed for his lack of intrusion or rather much too deeply engrossed in being abandoned from the thrills and youthful adventures?
When Castiel came again, folding over, Dean hugged him tight around the waist and swallowed him whole. And with his jeans bunched around his boots, Castiel almost stumbled backwards but he was held in place by a mouth that was hot and relentless on its pursuit to keep on going until he kept coming over and over again, weakening himself from being overly spent.
Gifted, Dean would have proclaimed decisively, gloriously in inches and equally beautiful. Castiel was bare and spectacular under the spray of water, the water cascading down his honey colored skin that was toned and stretched over muscles on his torso. His arms bulged, just as his thighs and even though Dean's gaze lingered a little too long on the older man's cock, he became breathless and bold.
Castiel rubbed his forehead in shame and felt terribly alone when the door closed, leaving him all by himself to dwell in his thoughts of Dean and what was concealed inside of his jeans. And just because he couldn’t help himself, guilty curiosity got the best of him. But instead of using the company’s network to do his dirty deeds, he laid it all on mobile data.
Her prying was far too innocent and did not wound him in the slightest way because the answer was evident. Over the years, he spent a considerable amount of time directing his passions towards other areas. Books were like friends, studying required a large amount of time and energy and everything else merely filled up the spaces.
"I think we should get a tree," Dean said as Cas walked a few steps in front and tugged him along. Sam peered over his shoulder and smiled. "I think we should get a nice big one and decorate it and make some eggnog. We should also wrap our gifts and put them under the tree and –"
"Can you stay with him whilst I get something for both of us to eat? We've been here since this morning and it's after lunch."
"Are you done now?" Dean scowled, shoving his hands in his pants' pockets. The wind lifted his hair a bit. The weather was becoming more threatening of heavy rain.
After throwing Dean an apologetic smile, the younger woman left the seat vacant next to him and as his father guffawed from across the room, Jody entertained her wife and Bobby with a conversation about something quite disinteresting.
Dean scowled, flipping the pages of his book too fast and completely distracted. "What the hell does she have that he wants anyway? She looks like a poster girl from some Good Housekeeping magazine."
"Throwing us under the damn bus, huh?" the cheerful nanny in question arrived to deliver her congratulations with tight hugs and wet kisses upon their faces and then a bright happy new year. "I figured that you needed to be kicked down from that high horse of yours to be lifted up back again. Don't look at me like that. Like Cas said, he was against it but I just wanted to see you shed some tears to make my video more emotional and award winning."
The National Flower Festival was to be held the next day at Westfordshire Palace. Or so Ruby's helpful itinerary pointed out. With special guest appearances by every member of the Royal family even the King and Queen. And Cas was hyperventilating after spending a few days gazing at the palace from a distance. Now he would be up close and personal.
“I’m not going to fit in the backseat with Sam and his abnormally long legs,” Cas pointed out as the taller Winchester pulled open the backdoor and tossed his bag in.
Therefore, both of them suffered immensely the day afterwards when the jolting feeling kicked in like being drenched with buckets of ice water because Dean was suddenly invited by his grandfather to Scotland to discuss his future duties as the next King. And Castiel endlessly perused any material and source he could find to locate the Prince’s mobile number.
Dean could never have predicted such a speech which left him quiet for a few seconds. “Thanks,” he said softly, blinking slowly at her and remarking silently on her honesty. “I needed to hear that.”
“This guy that one of Dorothy’s friends is seeing, gets it up but no matter how much they jerk each other off, he doesn’t get
What began as a simple act of giving each other the luxury of lathering up with lube ended up into something which was very spontaneous on Castiel's side.
“How grand it must be,” Castiel’s warm breath kissed the younger man’s right ear as he leant forward, “to be
"Thank you for all you've done," Dean said, and reaching for Castiel’s hands, he slowly entwined their fingers as if carefully trying to test the waters between them. As if he was wondering how the simple touch would gravitate them closer. And when the older man’s parted lips revealed how mesmerized he was from the intimate gesture, he closed the distance between them.
“I find it to be one of the most beautiful views I have come across thus far,” he remarked. “Every window seems to offer nothing but the finest ideas for a painting.”
Very soon though, after studying the fresh view from beyond the windows where the White Mountains loomed ahead and the village down below, Dean became lost in it all. The little wisps of smoke, the clutter of houses he not so long ago frequented where people were ravished by poverty and craving love. Where children were desperate to go to school and deprived of food. And the moment he focused on those simpler things, everything else dulled down to a mediocre throbbing that still remained there.
Dean immediately tugged Cas into him by the waist and kissed him long and deep. Their hearts fluttered together. Their lungs emptied and their heads grew dizzy. And even when everyone applauded loudly, Sam being the loudest, Dean still kissed Cas like it was the first time.
"Oh god," Castiel croaked, his chest heaving and lips trembling as he slowly approached the bed and tenderly touched his lover's dark blonde hair. Tears dripped from the bridge of his nose and fell onto Dean's right shoulder. "Oh my dear god."
that," Dean nervously laughed and turned to glance out the window but when her stare remained and those fists curled into an anticipated attack like the fierce little sister she was, he swallowed hard. "Six tops. I'm not proud but Cas likes it." He could have been exaggerating because he never really used a ruler but he felt contented and that mattered more than anything else.
"Damn sexy leather jacket," he wandered over to the article of clothing that reeked of money and slipped it off the hanger, then tried it on for size. The fit was perfect and the scent of bergamot highly evident, wrapping him in a warm embrace until Dean possibly initiated a chain of excessive worrying and anticipation.
“Do you want to join me?” Dean was very suggestive although his mind was terribly tired. “Just kidding. I’ll head in now.”
you to…" the older man studied the slow, tentative movements as the distance between them was eaten up.
The flower filled the distance between them and it was so sudden and so romantic, Castiel died inside from the honest gesture.
“Charlie,” Dean said softly, stirring his cocoa slowly, eyes lowered and still feeling embarrassed, “look, man. I’m…” he shook his head and sighed, “…the last person who should give you any advice on dating and who’s perfect because I don’t even have any damn good experiences. And I’m so sorry about the things I said. If you think that Dorothy’s good enough for you, then by all means you go ahead and get her. It’s not for me to say anything against it because I’m not entitled to.”
Had he been so inclined, he would have left the Ball an hour ago. But Meg's demands that he proceeded as normal, as though the sordid affair had no effect on him was something that he was forced to comply with. Because why?
Dean rolled his eyes but remained silent because Sam was always the best storyteller since he was younger and one could never ascertain whether he was being honest.
Oh how he had wanted to say those words for such a long time now. Ten years? Every single season passing by without being able to just do it? With all the obstacles and the forks in the road and the unsettled one-night stands Dean fell into. But now, he had really done it. And he was so proud of himself.
“Well, no.” Charlie sighed and sidestepped a crack on the pavement. “Not really. I guess that’s totally not appealing when you put it that way.”
“Well thank goodness the assbutt is dead,” Cas said, pulling the hunter into his arms a little more and nuzzling his face into the crook of Dean’s left shoulder. “It seems like every monster out there wants my boyfriend. But they can never have him because I have him and I’m the luckiest man in the world.”
“I promise,” Castiel leaned in and whispered against parted lips, “that you’ll see exactly what I’m like very soon. But for now, we’ve revealed enough and we should probably begin the reconciliation session between me and my daughter.”
“Come on, you four,” Mary waved at them and gestured towards the door leading into the dining room. “Plenty of time for more conversation after we eat.”
But it wasn't ever like the prior kisses apparently because every single time they tasted each other, most of the seconds felt like slipping into heaven where the flowers bloomed beneath the warm blue sky, comforted by warm yellow rays. In Castiel's arms, Dean found a sense of home that was complete and toe curling, tilting his head sideways and searching deeper, pressing in further until he unearthed a moan. The sound of someone…not just
Consume me with more reasons to despise myself at this point, Dean thought silently, squeezing his eyes shut and willing the older man to leave.
"The man is an ass to speak to you like that," Adam said, scowling as he came over and perched on the edge of the desk next to Dean. "I was outside. I heard every word."
to have with me, right?" Sam asked sarcastically. "Come on, man. You wouldn't have admitted it and now that…" he swallowed hard and tears filled his own eyes. "Now that we've
Having the extended family under one roof on Christmas Eve was such a beautiful experience, one which was treasured year after year. The coziness, of sitting around the fire or dwelling in the kitchen whilst sipping on eggnog and brandy and stealing finger foods like freshly baked tarts, muffins, cake, cookies…Charlie was ecstatic from being included and very soon, she blended in so effortlessly, that Sam attached himself to her likeness and the two of them delved into a game of Checkers.
As if impressed, he stayed silent. He was also staring openly. “Nothing comes easy with you, huh?” Dean scrolled through his phone. “Let’s see…135…15…2586.”
“Naw, things will start looking up once Ruby gets through with that promotion into HR and then they’ll give you the Exec Assist job. No biggie,” reaching for her red Armani leather bag, she slipped the strap onto a shoulder and turned off the monitor, gazing at me who by the way, felt as down spirited as ever by that point. “Don’t worry, Cassie Cas, I came on as an intern too and they used to pile all the work onto me for a couple of months. But as soon as you prove to them that the workload doesn’t affect you, they start moving away. I think it’s because they hate Ruby, that’s why you’re getting all the shit recently. To get to her, they go through you.”
“If I can recall correctly, you were against this idea of the two of us even remotely pursuing each other. You told me to stay away from him.”
Now though, Dean was distant. He wasn't contributing to the conversations going around the table continuously and the only other person who seemed to notice was Jody. Sam and Claire were involved in a heated discussion about hybrid monsters breeding in Illinois whilst Jack studied them with his usual intriguing look.
The driver nodded in agreement. “Like groping around in the dark. The OS isn’t that bad though. Just funny to get used to. What type though?”
Suddenly, Cas bunched up the blanket and tossed it into the furthest corner of the room. The soft sound it made as the material collided with the dresser was then overridden with the bed creaking as Cas lunged at Dean. Not too rough though. But with just enough determination as he pinned the hunter under his bare thighs. Skin on skin. Hot like steam and then he kissed Dean until the other man squeaked. Until Dean's mind twirled around from Cas' hot tongue seeking out his.
"Why do you keep going back there?" Sam was curious as he sat down, reaching for a potato chip from the bag. "Are you looking for Nessie?" He offered Cas an amused expression.
"Any time," she squeezed his arm. "You boys are like my sons. I'd do anything to help you through your hard times. Also, I would like if we can both have weddings that contribute to changing this screwed up world." Jody beamed at his constipated look. "Hey, lighten up. You'll know when the time is right. And Sam, Donna, Claire, Alex, me…we'll be there for ya. Whenever you need us, okay?"
The gesture brought tears to Castiel's eyes; tears that felt so warm as his heart felt elated, his mind relaxed and those fleeting thoughts were silenced as there was no room for doubt but only space for one person. And that one person was looking at him like he meant the world.
"I wish I never met you." Dean's face was pasty, his fists balled as he fought the tears. "You've ruined me."
“Wait, woah,” I slowly approached the gadget that looked like it came out of spy movie and gaped. “No way you have a fingerprint pad outside your room.”
“Hooked on the Winchester drug, you are,” Donna chuckled beside Jody who jabbed her sharply. “Oh, right. Hmm. So, how was Canada?”
“Woah,” I sat back and considered her with heavy awe. No way was she…so suggestive of showing any attention to the IT nerd. “Since when is Tran your type? I thought…that you were into older men.”
Castiel though, seemed to be quite stolid that nothing registered on his face. "I think we should accompany the others. Hmm?"
Green eyes turned flat. The two of them were staring at each other as opposed to not so long ago when they couldn't stop drowning in each other's gaze.
Dean immediately felt like his entire world turned upside down because he couldn’t recall ever witnessing the other man reduced to tears. Castiel was always the ray of sunshine that stood boldly against all odds and defied his struggles. But now, he sat there crumbling and losing faith in his own self-worth and there was nothing worse than that. And after closing the distance between them, Dean collected the other man’s hands into his and squeezed.
But it wasn’t comfortable at all because Dean still felt unworthy and completely foolish for what he did in New York and what he exposed, that he decided upon a very easy alternative.
“Let go,” he pleaded into Dean’s neck whilst the other man held onto him, driving pathways with his fingers through Cas’ sweat soaked hair. “I love…you, Dean. Let…go. My…love.”
"And boy does he use them over and over again. I think something's wrong with my phone," Sam mocked his brother with a smile, "because it doesn't have your number in it."
“I’d be worried if he is because he’s only three months,” Sam frowned. “Then again, his mother is a biter.”
Gulping down some coffee, the older Winchester licked his lips. ""Do you think that you could like…spare a few seconds to kiss me now?"
"Murmurs but they are untraceable because Heaven is failing. We are being defeated in every single part of the world as people are losing their faith and God isn't entirely providing any kind of hope anymore. Do you realize what this means for the future of the world that was created for us to protect, Castiel?" she stared at him earnestly. "It means that from the lack of our guidance, earth will fall. Demons will take up power and pervert every single human soul. Your friends…the Winchesters," Naomi considered him with a pitiful look, "will become corrupt just like everyone else and –"
Had his feelings not developed into so much more, then perhaps he would have justified his decision to place the life he built in New York on the top rung of the ladder. But now everything inside of him was consumed by Dean, to a point where he stood there and felt so small and so broken that under the Prince’s glare, there was nothing left to do than to leave.
"Are you trying to tell me that Dean is so far gone, that he might kill himself?" Cas' voice broke as his eyes glistened with tears.
