The rest of the team were likely sleeping or out of the Mansion. It didn't matter. Tony only needed one person for this.
Tony looked up to the other man, eyes blurry with lust. "I'm keeping it. You're made for me. I'm keeping you inside me forever. All of your come, send it my way, plug me up." He was probably (definitely) babbling, but he could hardly be blamed; he hadn’t been expecting mind-blowing sex
"Yeah," Steve replied and Tony knew he had the gall to blush. He couldn't see it, but he knew Steve had a little self-satisfied smile on his face and Tony groaned at the thought of him sneaking lube and a butt-plug into his Captain America suit in the hopes that one day they might need it. Steve’s hands traced through the sweat at the small of Tony’s back, down between his cheeks to touch the base of the plug, lustful and fond. "You don't need to keep it inside you. The idea is nice, but it may be impractical. I wasn’t certain what size would be most comfortable for walking around."
And boy, did Tony get that. Ever since the New York invasion he had waited for the next encounter, the next fight. He had clawed and fought to protect his world and when it was finally through, he didn’t feel much like celebrating.
"Tell me you want more of this?" he murmured and pulled away just enough to acknowledge that Zemo had been right: there was a ring of green around Steve’s pupils. Tony could design a whole arsenal of sports cars based on that colour alone.
"If I don't?" Tony asked the ceiling, not really expecting Steve to answer. It was wholly strange to have the company of another human in this liminal time of night. Post-nightmare, pre-engineering binge, while the Mansion was quiet but creaked it’s confusion to whoever happened to be awake at such an unsociable hour.
Steve was still hard against him, still tense and tall over him as they kissed. Steve must understand logically that Strange was no threat and he would be able to survive the rest of the night without incident. Tony could make him wait until they were home to relieve Steve of some of that power (he would stand at the foot of their bed and submit so Steve could undress him, handle him, and regain his sense of security) but why wait when there was fun to be had now?
“Old haunts and all that, I get it. It’s fine, we’re good Rogers. You and your sweet ass don’t need to justify anything to me,” Tony said, patting Steve’s hand where it rested on his shoulder before shrugging him off, not unkindly. He smiled up at Steve, clearly amused at the day's turn of events.
right here!” Tony said in a rush. Horror filled his chest but he roughly pushed past it: shame and fear had no place here as their forged and broke bonds of trust. Admitting that he - today, now - was interested in Steve tested the limits of his self-preservation. He hadn’t meant to reveal that so soon, but he always performed his best when he was working on the fly. Steve looked shocked too and Tony was perversely glad the admission had unsettled them both equally.
Tony’s brow was furrowed a little, his mouth slack as he luxuriated in the stretch of penetration and the position allowed Steve to slip deeper, deeper so the sharp juts of his hip bones were digging into Tony’s thighs. He rolled his hips into Tony's, his cock so large he couldn't avoid his prostate with his needy little thrusts.
, which I think was sort of a joke because you know his memories are still a bit- but I didn’t want to say anything. Still, it means you don’t have to worry about him not liking you back?”
Tony thought, not without some relief; if any one of them was most equipped to deal with the Odinson family drama, it was Bruce.
Tony dismissed the thought as soon as it crossed his mind. Obviously, Steve had put the Stones back. He wasn’t a complete crackpot. Although, Steve was a bit of a nut at times and he sure had a lot of regrets on those broad shoulders of his... Had Steve taken the opportunity to stop his past-self from sleeping with Tony when he went back to return to Stones?
Maybe the distance between them was Tony’s fault. What if he had said what he had meant to say the day Steve left for the past,
Clint, looking rather hung-over with his feet up on the table, looked between them with a frown before almost toppling from his seat. He seemed to immediately catch on to the change in atmosphere between the two of them. “Oh shit. Oh
“Trust me, trust this,” he begged, too honest and raw. He felt exposed, but that in itself was erotic because he was confident he knew what Steve was going to say back.
Once they were dry and warm back in the workshop - Tony redressed in spare clean clothes, Steve back in the garments that had been discarded to the floor - he reached out for Tony. He made to take his hand, then took his shoulder and squeezed the muscle there kindly. He needed to say something, to explain, but where to start?
“Steve!” he cried, uncaring of volume and the guests only a floor below as he helplessly clung to the side of the balcony, ready to ride out the storm, to tumble over the edge into ecstasy, to-
"You’re going to remember taking this," Steve promised, his voice low and clouded with heady arousal. With crystal cut efficiency, Tony was dropped back onto his feet and Steve ripped away his belt, followed by a push of his waistband to his ankles. It all happened so fast that Tony felt the air on his dick before he even realised he was half-naked.
Four more black coffees later - three of which were decaf, thank you kindly - Tony’s eyes were feeling dry and scratchy. He ran his fingers over his beard thoughtfully and waited for FRIDAY to finish actioning the latest reprogramming updates.
"Fuck." Tony scrambled up to help as Steve removed his own soft cotton top, hands skittering over hard musculature. His fingertips brushed over Steve’s nipples and he moaned under the tickling touch. “And you really are the wet-dream, 'peak of physical perfection' they say you are, huh Cap? You know I jacked off thinking about you when I was in college? I had a poster and everything.”
Sure, they'd all been busy, but maybe Tony had been willfully ignoring the new distance between them as an act of self-defence. An outright rejection would have hurt too much. That same reason had stopped Tony from seeking out Steve’s company after Thanos; too skittish to risk their unspoken truce crumbling down around them. Even before then, during the five-year gap of hell, he hadn't reached out. He exiled himself to a cabin by a lake in the woods and avoided everybody.
-way, but he was an engineer, mechanic, inventor first and foremost. Making things was what he did. It was nice to go back to his roots.
Steve had to stop touching as Tony drew the top up his chest and over his shoulders. He tossed the fabric over his own shoulder before grabbing onto Steve’s, steadying himself with a shaky exhale. Steve’s hands found his waist and their lips met once more, coaxing and exploring, succumbing to each other in a way they hadn’t taken the time to do during their past union.
In the end, no matter how tempted he was to stay, he had to finish returning the Stones. Steve kept that thought in mind as Tony walked with him to the door and squinted into the early morning sunlight.
A voice that sounded suspiciously like Rhodey’s told him to man up and talk it out with Steve. He had to agree, all this hesitating was just prolonging the inevitable.
not even in the dark to the ceiling with Steve holding him - truly holding him, not fighting to hold him back.
He had offered Barnes a home at the Mansion, but the sergeant had left for Wakanda. He claimed that it was his happy place and Tony couldn't blame him. With all that tech, Wakanda was his happy place too. Barnes returned to the Mansion once a month to visit Steve and even joined the team on the occasional renegade roundup. Tony made a habit of talking to the guy at least once per visit. Sometimes it was a few one-liners in passing, but now and then they'd have a session with B.A.R.F. or compared arms. Consequently, Tony began to get to know the man as a person - not a sepia stained sidekick, not a whispered legend, not a cold murderer, but just Barnes.
“This is,” Tony pushed his glasses further up his nose and squinted at the date in the corner of both screens. It seemed to be two screens of security footage of himself in the Tower from the same camera. “Hm... This is after the Chitauri attack," he snorted, then amended: "The first attack. What’s wrong with it?”
Tony wiped his hand over the lower half of his face and looked away, worrying his tongue between his teeth (he hadn't expected this little heart to heart) then looked up with a plastered-on smile. "Fine, it's fine. I’m fine. All in a day's work right? I'm still not sure if I'm a fan of shawarma, though - I guess it's one of those fleeting, liminal space things." He pulled a face and shrugged, preoccupying himself with the armour instead.
“Good - yes. Good idea,” Steve said, breathless again and the head of his cock rubbed against Tony’s lower lip. His slick glistened against the red of his delicate skin and he felt himself throb in Tony's grip. He groaned as he was enveloped in the sloppy wet heat and experimentally thrust forwards, deeper down Tony’s throat. He could feel the head of his cock through layers of skin and muscle against his palm.
“Can’t I just want a minute alone with my fiancé?” Steve said, low and surprising Tony by nudging him back against the house’s exterior wall.
Warm fingers grazed Tony’s cheek in tender touch - drawing him back to the present - before slowly falling to the small space between their chests. A deep exhale followed that touch and Tony felt it as, from one instant to the next, Steve finally fell into true sleep.
Tony had to hand it to Pepper; the Mansion did look a lot better with people in it. Restoring the old Stark home then flooding the entrance hall and the entertaining ballroom with Avengers, so-called distinguished guests, and a select handful of media newsies was her greatest PR suggestion yet. These were the people he was born and bred to captivate and he did it well.
remembered having a pleasant early-morning nap, still high with post-orgasmic thrills and aching in all the right places. Objectively, Cap had made that day much better. He did not massively change the course of history either, so Tony couldn’t complain when
“Sorry, did she say giant geese?” Sam asked the floating image. He looked around the table at the others, bemused. “Just want to make sure my hearin’ is right.”
“Oh fuck,” He gasped, struck by a wave of lust that made his knees weak and he almost tripped over his trousers in an effort to climb the other man. Steve was there to catch him and guide him to the balcony edge. With a large hand in the now chaotic waves of his hair, Steve pushed Tony to bend over and the sun-warmed stone of the barrier pressed in against his stomach. Tony groaned and let his forearms hold his weight against the side as Steve arranged him for his needs.
then we’re getting married right now so I can divorce you for being an idiot. And yes, I’m talking about your body. And yes, I’m talking about your mind and your heart, too. You’re my whole package, babe.”
And that was interesting. In all the time they’d been together, Tony hadn’t seen Steve outright jealous before. Tony hid a smile - it was flattering, really. A bit cute, too - and nodded up at his partner.
- just moments before his death, but that didn't mean that the Avenger's had forgotten about the vengeful god that sent hell to New York in 2012.
The rest of the UN would likely take a few more weeks to collectively pour over the documents and sub-papers, but likewise: as long as the bulk was left unchanged, the proposed NNSA's (officially titled the quaint: Negotiated [inter-]National Super-Being Agreement. Tony didn’t come up with it, otherwise it would have been a lot cooler) would be passed into the implementation stage. When that happened, Tony doubted that Ross would last a week more in the role of Secretary of State.
He didn’t keep track of where their clothes had fallen; he wasn’t planning on needing them for at least another few hours.
Tony spared a moment for disbelief, then chuckled and shook his head. "I'm never going to get tired of you. But you do realise that this will haunt you forever, right? Every time we fight I'll tell you to go back to twenty-twelve and find yourself a hot young side-piece. It's disappointing, really; I won't get to return the favour without messing us up further. Past-You would be great fun."
that the plan? Return the Stones and take the opportunity to prevent his past-self from sleeping with Tony? Change the course of their friendship, and fall-out, and make Tony forget they ever slept together?
Thor was with Loki which probably wasn't the best idea considering the history of rivalry between them, but Bruce was along keeping watch. Although, the three of them
Tony would want the record to show that he was perfectly capable of being cruel, but he was not at heart a cruel man, so he did not ask his flustered lover to use full sentences.
Steve kept his eyes closed and Tony knew that if he said nothing, the other man would go back to pretending to be asleep. He let his heart fall to 100bpm, then spoke to the ceiling. "I've been trying to get JARVIS back. Sort of. That's how I found out. He was there recording the whole time. I don't know if he even consciously knew... He would have told me."
“I would like to Tony - really, thank you - but I need to meet Buck at the tarmac tonight and I have a few things I’d like to take care of beforehand. Send them to my StarkPad and I’ll take a look?”
Bruce had sought him out late one night when Tony had arrived back from a press conference with Beijing media.
Tony moved across the room from group to group, but did not linger for more than a few uproarious bouts of laughter before he moved onto the next flock
to sleep with me and decide I’m unworthy of his trust? Turns out, hey, everybody was right! Tony Stark really must be a miserable piece of shit."
He supported Tony’s weight as they showered together and Steve took his time washing the dried sweat and cooling mix of lube and come from Tony’s skin. Steve touched him with love, uncaring that he was showing his hand, and Tony preened under the kind treatment. Tony teased him, kissed him, and offered to wash Steve off too. Steve enjoyed the easy warmth and the feeling of camaraderie they shared as hands passed over grazes and bruises from the New York fight and their enthusiastic sex.
“You weren’t kiddin’,” he said breathlessly, running a tender hand over Tony’s cheek as the other man finished licking him clean. He felt like he was floating - dreaming - because surely this couldn't be real? A pleased flush ran high up Tony's cheekbones from the praise and he swiped his thumb fondly over that blush again. “You alright?”
“He was showing off. It was magic, but-” Steve continued as if he had never spoken, biting cherry-red circles along Tony’s neck. He made a frustrated noise, his throat working over his next words and they seemed to be difficult for Steve to share. “He handed you something and you took it like it was
Tony technically owned the whole building, but they were going to do this on Steve’s turf, which was about as considerate as Tony was comfortable with. Anywhere else, Steve would feel exposed and fear that the conversation might be overheard. There may be a chance of Tony actually receiving an explanation if Cap was somewhat at ease.
he had been keeping at bay since discovering the truth was suddenly overwhelming and pouring out of him in a tidal wave.
“Honestly, I’m disappointed in both of you. It's 10 am,” Clint replied, turning his nose up at the equally sugary bowl Bruce held defensively close. Clint bit into a spoonful of marshmallows, littering splashes over the tiled floor. With a mug of cereal and coffee, Tony wasn’t sure Clint had a leg to stand on.
Steve smiled, his eyes warm and glazed still from sleep, not fully open. He rolled over and tucked his hand up under his head, exposing the bulge of his bicep and the gorgeous lines of muscles from his chest to his waist. His nipple was a pretty pink in the light of day, Tony noted. “Hi there. Have you been up long?”
"Nobody's being kept in the dark," Steve agreed, with all the determined sincerity of Captain America. Tony could almost see Steve's priorities being realigned. No more secrets. They were in this together now.
“Never say never,” Tony replied and broke away with a chuckle, pushing Steve back with a pat to his chest. He stood, wobbling as his weak knees shook under his weight. “Hoo, that’s nice. My meeting tomorrow morning is going to be interesting, I can tell you that.” He pointed to the far side of the workshop. “There’s a shower through that door. It’s got sixteen settings.”
That bought him a chuckle and Tony couldn't help but feel pleased. He had always felt pleased around Strange, that much he could remember, while stumbling into bed and chatting about their day afterwards, casual, sweaty and sated.
“Okay, I can work with that,” he said, reassuring because Cap needed that right now. He needed clarity, care, and control. “But you gotta know you have zero reason to be jealous, right? For one, it was more than ten years ago; I pretty much only remembered he existed an hour ago. And two, if you think he can compete with
“Remind me to tell Steve about Jarvis. I think he’ll like that sort of thing,” he said, shoving his phone into his pocket. He pictured showing Steve photographs of himself as a child in Jarvis’ arms, telling him stories about the way the man fussed with his ties whenever he had a Stark Industries meeting. Not only would Tony be able to share a personal side of himself nobody else but Rhodey knew of, he could honour the memory of Jarvis by sharing the light he brought in life.
"You've already got my number," Tony pointed out and tossed along with it a wink. Steve's heart pounded in his chest. Tony really wasn't joking.
“Think you can do that? Come on my prick, Tony, that’s an order. Do it, come for me.” He commanded, breathless and greedy as Tony’s body grew tense, clamping down hard around his cock and Tony cried out in shock from the power behind his sudden orgasm. He was strung tight, still, as if time froze around them before his body gave way to large shuddering gasps that rocked the bench beneath them.
Tony fiddled with the nonexistent dirt under his matte metal nails. A glutton for punishment, he offered, “That’s cool. Only... I have some plans in my workshop for Alpha Flight I thought you might want to see. I could use your artist's eye for some of the aesthetics, I’m terrible at interior design. No pressure or anything. I’m just saying the offer is there. If you want.”
When he was three years old he understood that if he avoided the eighth plank in and fourth across, his socked feet would not make a noise to alert the nanny of the month. He never understood how Jarvis - the gentleman, not the A.I. - found him in the middle of the night, despite his careful avoidance of the eighth plank in and fourth across. He would allow Tony a biscuit with the little dried fruits and sugar on top but made sure he ate with a napkin and a saucer.
Steve ducked his head and laughed. A pleased warmth like sunlight marking a new day settled in his gut when he heard Tony join him.
Presently, he, Thor, and Steve arrived back at the Mansion while the sun was still up. Golden light poured across the lawn and cast a healthy honey glow over their drawn faces. The house was quiet when they entered, but not silent, and that was what mattered.
"I love you," Steve returned between kisses, his hands running soothingly up and down the curve of Tony's back and the grazed skin of his stomach.
Steve wore plaid pyjama bottoms under a soft brown sugar robe, fastened in a tight knot at his waist. He looked comfortable.
Tony just moved to sit up while Steve offered the over-priced bottled water to him. Steve pressed his lips against a sweaty forehead and belatedly realised that he should put the bottle on the table for Tony to take, but Tony was already drinking despite the bottle being handed directly to him. Steve hid his smile in the damp dark curls atop Tony’s head. There was barely any silver there at all, he noted wistfully.
Kissing Steve was like a balm over a half-healed wound, soothing and kind, without a sting. A gentle press of lips, neither one taking more than was offered, something small and special shared between them. Tony sighed into the kiss as Steve's mouth moved softly against his like he was cherishing the moment.
“Yes, come on,” he urged and spread himself further because he knew this was Steve’s compromise. Steve, who loved the idea of a traffic-light system, but never asked Tony what colour he felt because - to Tony - the colours were always a mood killer.
"That's kind of you to offer, Tony. Something more stealthy might be good," he suggested, shrugging a shoulder modestly. He bit the inside of his cheek to hide a smile. In recent years Tony’s outrageous flirts had died down somewhat, but he supposed Tony had had other things on his mind. He used to joke with the team like that all the time. If he had to guess, Steve would have blamed the fallout of Ultron to be the cause of Tony's comedic withdrawal. He had too much fear in his heart to joke, back then.
Tony watched, momentarily bemused as the other man swept away; his cape seemed to defy gravity in a way that wasn’t due to Strange’s usual flair for dramatics. Steve grabbed his wrist before he could linger on the thought and Tony was lead away and up the stairs beyond prying ears to the upper levels of the Mansion.
“I think you already knew, Tony,” Steve argued, holding him a little tighter. Which was fair; as soon as he had the opportunity, Steve had always - without fail - introduced Tony as his boyfriend, his partner, his fiancé. Steve would even take Tony’s name after the wedding if they decided the Cap rebranding nightmare would be worth it. “Thank you, for that. For all of it. And I am sorry for interrupting you, I shouldn’t have.”
He swallowed. The reflected image lost tension in its shoulders. Cap wouldn’t react well if he looked moments away from a panic attack - no, Tony would be calm and cool.
“No,” Steve said, frowning as if Tony had spat on his boots. Still not on the same page, then. Tony ran his lips over Steve’s soothingly and the other man broke away to elaborate, “When Rhodey said- what he said, something came over me and I needed to step in. It’s ridiculous, truthfully; I just didn’t like him so close to you. It wasn’t right for me to interrupt you like that.”
He took Tony’s jaw between both hands and he pulled him in for a kiss, deep and heated. He couldn't hold back the adoration and the bone breaking ache of passion he held for the man his arms, but Steve was past caring, past hiding. He kissed Tony messily, holding him in place as he poured his admiration from his heart to Tony's. There was a clang as Stark’s projects hit the floor and with a little jump, Tony had himself sitting on the bench behind him and was threading his fingers through Steve's cropped hair. He pulled them close together until Steve was bending over him, snug between his thighs.
“Doesn’t really answer my question, Steve,” He said, unclear about when he had become the one designated to coax out an adult conversation from the pair of them. He let his head drop back with a dull thud against the brick behind him as Steve unbuttoned his shirt from the bottom up, methodically revealing his toned stomach and scarred ribs. “Give me some artistic direction, huh? All I’ve got to work on here is that seeing me with Strange is doing something for you.”
They kissed and undulated against one another, letting a natural rhythm flow as their bodies met and reignited together, closer with every touch. They were learning and relearning, finding each other again in this unique moment in time. Tony didn’t think about how they could have had this since that first time, nor did he think to the future. He let himself be stripped, eager to get his hands back on Steve and help him get naked, too.
With that in mind, Tony smiled, a charming, confused little thing. He flicked his hand not holding his drink - agua fresca; watermelon, mint, nothing hard - lazily towards the floor of mingling supers and benefactors. "I didn't think that charitable giving was your thing."
When he stopped grinding, Steve’s breaths were still sharp; as though he was in the midst of a panic. He was shaking above Tony so much that he wondered if Steve was too scared to move lest he crumbled apart. Tony kept kissing him, coaxing them both through the unusual and surreal torrent of emotions that had passed between them. He deepened the kiss and slowed the pace, easing his fingers through Steve’s damp hair to rub against the back of his neck in soothing lines that ebbed to and fro along its length.
and Tony had outright refused on principle to call it something so infinitesimal, until he used it ironically and it stuck).
Being teammates again after their epic fall-out should’ve been enough, but Tony had never been good at stopping himself short when he wanted something. He missed his old friend and - in the quiet moments when he wasn’t strong enough to lie to himself - he could admit that he missed the man who had held him in an unyielding grip and washed dry come and sweat from his skin like he was honestly something worth taking care of.
and Tony didn’t want to jeopardize the camaraderie with another messy breakup between himself and Cap. The team came first. And now that they had Thor and Bruce back the high-school drama would just be embarrassing, to say the least. He was glad they had missed it the first time.
, fuck, yes, tell me to- tell me-” Tony begged. One hand released the edge of the bench, clenching in what seemed to be indecision. He made aborted jerky movements towards his cock, before pulling away to press into the hard surface of the arc reactor, trembling as if he wanted to reach for his cock again.
With that permission, Steve shuddered against him again, dragging the length of his cock against the base of Tony’s and come poured out of his tip. His grip didn’t soften and his gasps descended to a shuddering inhale and low, broken noises within the realm of sobs. Tony’s chest ached at the sound, but it was good. It felt like love as he tangled both sets of fingers more securely into Steve’s hair, just over the nape of his neck, and pull him into a bruising kiss. He held fast, kissing for all he was worth and rolling his body to meet each inexorable thrust until Steve came a third time, falling to his elbow, and spreading a pooling mess all over Tony’s belly.
"Oh, right. Yes. I'm Sorcerer Supreme now," he said casually and before Tony could ask what the hell that meant, Strange circled his hand through the air and reached into a golden rift in space. It was a small portal and it’s counterpart appeared by Tony's side, golden and crackling with energy. He watched, disturbed, as Stephen's hand emerged from the second rift. It plucked his drink from his slack grip before retreating away. Both portals closed with a flurry of sparks after Strange withdrew his hand from the first rift, still holding Tony's drink. He offered it back to him and Tony took it, stunned as the glass settled into his palm once more.
huh? Flattery will get you everywhere,” Tony mused with a teasing lilt to his voice. He was freshly showered and simultaneously using both his phone and Steve’s abandoned StarkPad he had found in the living room. He leaned down to kiss Steve and suddenly everything was normal; as if they had been friends forever and fucking just as long. “Hello.”
“God,” He groaned, voice guttural in his chest. Tony’s hand joined his and Steve let him take over to stroke him through the aftershocks to softness, comfortable from the warm regard.
“When Cap went to twenty-twelve to put the Stones back he changed something in the timeline,” he said and Peter’s eyes widened. “JARVIS had- It doesn’t matter. Steve changed something between us, and since he got back he’s been-”
Here and now, it was all Steve Rogers. The man carefully mapping out Tony's back, taking a firm hold when he found what he wanted, and growing hotter beneath him by the minute. Tony relaxed further into his body. He settled his weight against Steve's stomach timidly as if he were afraid he might chance a burn upon contact. He trailed his mouth along the line of Steve’s jaw, leaving his lips wet and parted for breath along the way.
“Jesus,” Tony said breathlessly, head tilted up to the ceiling as Steve kissed along his newly bared throat. He had showered after they had said goodbye to Thor and he smelt of expensive cologne; much more like himself. Steve wouldn't be able to smell it again without thinking of Tony's beard against his cheek, their bodies pressed intimately together. “Now that’s just showing off.”
He shot him a sharp look as the kid untangled himself and danced backwards, grinning like a hooligan as he ran to the door.
They stood, side-by-side, watching the rain and the wind roll in across the Mansion’s gardens and it was a long time before either of them moved again.
, Steve thought. Perhaps refusing to live with Tony all those years ago had been for the best; he wasn't sure he would have survived a week if accepting the offer might have lead to a steady trust and vivacious sex-life.
- thrusts of Steve's fingers stretching him. There was some pain there and Tony tensed all over despite himself in answer to the shocking intrusion, but Steve just kept fingering him through it.
“FRI, where is Captain A?” He stood, grabbing a pair of sunglasses and shoving them onto his nose. He scrunched up said nose then tossed the pair aside, replacing them with his normal spectacles.
“True. You want to tell them,” he observed. Of course Steve wanted that. After all, they’d promised not to leave each other in the dark again - a similar courtesy should extend to their teammates.
“Jesus, kid. Warn a guy!” He chided, smacking Peter’s hand away a little more firmly than he had meant to. He looked up at him with wild eyes, forcing himself not to panic. “What’re you doing here?”
“Sorry, Tony, it’s still a no. I needed- I wanted to tell you that what you did was really brave today. I got you wrong, but you impressed me.” He saw Tony flinch a little under the praise, obviously trying to work out whether he should be flattered or insulted. Steve carried on regardless. It was important that Tony heard this. “And I wanted to make sure you were alright. I only found out a few weeks ago that we’ve been to the moon and you- well, it must’ve been pretty scary being alone out there.”
While this was a common enough occurrence in their relationship that the intermission on the balcony wasn’t at all a shocker to Tony, pinning him to the wall in a semi-public place, kissing him breathless -
And it was suggestive, Steve realised now. It was not one of Tony’s best lines, but it was indeed an invitation that he would not have registered before. He would have assumed Tony was mocking him with unnecessarily promiscuous speech: for a long time, he thought that was how Tony liked to disrespect and frustrate him.
Between one moment and the next, Tony was out of the elevator, across the hall and knocking on Cap’s front door without even a pause to check if the man was already in deep sleep. Fortunately, the door opened before the panicked thought had even fully formed in his mind.
“Well, you are blushing so nicely for me,” Tony said, curiosity coming to life like a match to kerosene.
He made sure his room was regularly cleaned without bleach and he kept a full stock of candy bars. The White Wolf had a sweet tooth, who knew?
Honestly, he could watch Tony work all day. The buzzing excited energy rolled off the man as he brought up holograms and he was intoxicating to watch. Hell, Tony could talk him through how an e-mail worked and Steve would hang onto every word. He was pretty sure that had happened; a vague memory of a StarkPhone in his hand and Tony's warmth at his side. He could tell that this Tony was still off-kilter from the attack by the Chitauri, but Steve hadn't realised that he took away so much inspiration from the disaster. Here he was already designing the team custom made weapons and armour.
His Tony was recovering when he left him to return the Stones, bedridden and entertaining the shaken but no less enthusiastic Spider-Man. Together they were designing a new arm for himself (based on his past designs for Bucky, of course), and pitching increasingly ridiculous ideas for Ben and Jerry’s Spidey ice-cream.
“Good,” Steve praised and worked his fingers faster, harder, into Tony; so deep that he would have bruises later where the knuckles of Steve’s other fingers punched against the flesh of his buttocks.
"Hush," he said simply, all but ignoring Tony's pleas and it shouldn't make him hot but it did. He was Steve's thing, there to be used and cared for in whichever way he saw fit. Tony’s entire being was Steve’s; his body, his pleasure, and everything in between he handed over to his dutiful partner. That last submission had Tony trembling, nearly sobbing, utterly overwhelmed by how much he trusted the other man - how much he loved him, even when he was ready to explode with hungry frustration. He loved it; the pain and ache of denial just reminded him of how deeply they belonged to each other. Only Steve could put him in such a state and he was the only one Tony wanted to guide him through it.
Tony stuttered and the air whooshed out of him as he ground up against Steve’s thigh, needy upon the realisation of how
He wondered if Strange had fucked off to the doughnut-dimension and made a mental note to ask him another time; if there
Back then, before the raid in Sokovia - before they had even been a real team - Tony was convinced that Steve never mentioned their fling because he had felt betrayed.
In all honesty, Tony was only concerning himself with trawling through the duplicate footage (just a precaution; it wouldn’t do to risk the return of the mad Titan because of a stupid mistake during
Steve was thrown, voice caught in his throat as another surge of arousal plummeted deep to the base of his cock. He hadn't known that the Tony he worked with for years had actively used him as wank material.
If Steve had expected Tony to say anything - an apology wasn’t it. He had always thought Tony had too much pride to admit when he was wrong - sure, Tony made mistakes and recognised them enough to fix them, but a verbal confession was a surprise to Steve. Maybe, he thought, he had never given Tony the chance to feel safe enough to admit something he felt was a weakness. If things had been better, maybe Tony would have come to share a little bit more of himself with Steve - with the team.
“It has,” he said neutrally and Tony held in a smile. He pushed his glasses up his nose as Steve leaned back on one hand to make eye contact with him. “After long, they might get worried or suspicious if we continue to avoid each other.”
But it didn't explain how the footage of himself, asleep and alone in the workshop, came to be. They had put the Stones back, so it couldn’t be footage from an off-shoot universe leaking into theirs either; the Stones were where they needed to be. It wasn’t possible for a duplicate reality to exist in tandem when they were anchored.
"It's me, brother," Loki replied and his red eyes were wet. Even past the blue tone, he looked exhausted, almost sick with it, and too weak to hold back the tears. "I promised you- I promised you the sun."
It was still so raw. Everything that had passed between them had coalesced to this moment in time. The past had been written and rewritten to form this instant, but the future was their own to choose together. He turned in Steve's embrace and kissed him - not because he had always wanted to, but to share the here and now.
“Presumably a rather large breakfast,” Tony replied wryly and with a playful patter of fingers on Steve’s chest. He kissed Steve’s lips and felt him let out the breath he had been holding with a huff of laughter and his will to argue abated.
“Stark,” Steve echoed, fond and mocking him good-naturedly. He stood with a stretch, looking far more awake than he had half an hour ago. He ran a hand through his hair with a lopsided grin. “I’ll shower then we can get breakfast together?” He finished the question with a hopeful lilt to his voice, giving Tony the option to have the final say.
"Strange," he greeted, a little bit of truth breaking through the word over his tongue. Tony hadn't seen the world-renowned doctor since '05. He cast his mind back to that blurry vignette of memory, recalling that Strange had a good taste of expensive sheets, men, and liquor.
Not long after, Thor had returned earlier than expected from his trip with the Guardians, armed with an axe and a laugh that trembled. He did not smell strongly of alcohol, but Tony could see his ache for the bottle. He offered Thor a home, a place among the negotiations, a shoulder to cry on, and the best grief counsellor money could buy.
Tony didn’t have the memory of being alone in his workshop, because that wasn’t what had happened in the timeline he lived.
How often had he recalled the memory of the way Steve had felt inside, against his lips, while the Steve he knew had no knowledge of it. He had felt so betrayed when Steve chose not to trust him with Ultron, despite what they had shared (it had mattered to Tony, damn it, even when he told himself it meant nothing real) -
He felt Steve rearrange him, kicking his legs out wider and tugging one of his arms so it could rest at the base of his spine. Steve gripped his wrist there, holding him steady to use Tony’s body as leverage, and he carefully undulated his hips. The head of his cock teased out past the clenching ring of muscle before he pushed back in carefully, deliciously stretching Tony another half an inch- then he stopped again.
Tony felt himself laugh, louder than called for, and the joyful noise filled the room as he draped his arm over the back of the sofa. He turned so he could face Steve fully, cheek resting on his fist.
. It wouldn’t be the first time someone saw Tony Stark as good for nothing but a fuck and some tech, but for
The second kingly presence in the room, T’Challa, looked unflappable as always. Unlike Thor, T’Challa had more experience with successfully employing diplomacy to solve his problems and (unlike Tony) he had the tact to not punch Ross in the teeth. Tony scrunched up his nose, most certain that T’Challa’s attention was only bolstering the General on, but the King was working an angle that Tony couldn't see yet.
He moaned out his need wantonly instead, reduced to a senseless pleading thing. “Steve, Steve, yours- oh, fuck.” The words came without thought, punched through his lungs into the humid air around them.
“I’ll be back for you later,” Steve warned playfully. He lingered, clearly debating with himself before he put both hands to Tony’s jaw and drew him into a kiss that stole time neither of them could afford to waste. “Get to the ship and for the love of God don’t let them send any aircraft in or the geese might get ideas. You stay cloaked. We’ll go with formation J, but that could change so eyes up.”
“First?” He quoted, rolling his eyes and he kissed the other man before he could answer. They caught their breaths together, savouring the taste of each other’s lips and Tony hummed happily against his mouth.
“Ohhh,” Peter replied, nodding knowingly and the tension eased in Tony’s gut. He was such a good kid. “Tell me about it? Maybe I can help. I’m a boy. Man.”
“Great. Okay,” Tony muttered, staring at his sleeping form with some relief. If there had been more occasions, who knew if he would be able to fix it. At least this was contained. One instance of unplanned and unknown time-fuckery was much easier to confront.
"I'm kicking you out," Tony said and Strange laughed, which he felt was a bit unfair. Magic was just another tech he didn't yet understand, but he hadn't had many pleasant experiences with it in the past. It tended to be difficult to study something you wanted to avoid, although Stephen didn’t know that. Tony took a sip of the drink against his better judgement... Still good. "So, what? The Avengers call you when we have an itch we can't reach? A bank to rob?"
Steve agreed eagerly, his hands moving to divest Tony of the torn top he wore. He touched everywhere, seemingly without a plan, and drew Tony into a passionate kiss that had him melting into the cradle of Steve’s hips.
“It’s only been a day,” he pointed out because he was curious to see Steve’s reaction. He wanted Steve to consider it: they’ve only just started spending time in each other’s company for longer than five minutes without the excuse of a third party present.
“Huh,” Steve said as though there was more to the picture than three idiots with too much internet access and not enough brain cells.
“Shit,” Tony said as Steve’s cock was freed. He was fully hard and the weight of his shaft made his erection bob heavily, parallel to the floor. “Shit,” he repeated and pulled himself free of his trousers with a sense of urgency, squeezing harshly at the base of his own prick for a moment before he let go with a violent smack as the hard length hit his stomach. "This is going to be good," he grinned.
“Yeah, well. You try waking up on a dime after three great orgasms,” Steve grumbled into the pillow, digging his face into the cushiony fabric as if he could find an alternate-reality of pleasant sleep in its depths. Perhaps he thought Tony couldn’t hear him all the way inside that pillow. “It’s different if there’s a mission.”
“Forget everything else,” Tony murmured, running his palms down Steve’s chest over the soft cotton sleepwear he wore. He shuffled back until he was straddling Steve’s thighs and found himself at the perfect vantage point to slip his fingertips underneath the hemline of the plain cotton top. He was glad that he couldn’t see Steve watching him, although he knew the dark was no match to the other’s heightened senses. There would be plenty of time for him to look - for greed and lust and possession - but for right now, Tony just wanted to hold and be held. He said as much in a murmur against soft skin, “just... Hold me, Steve.”
Momentarily, he was tempted to grab a ball-point and jab it between Strange's ribs, just to see what would happen. He considered it for a moment longer and he felt himself relax and the impulse abate. He couldn’t blame Strange if he had spirited away from the room. They all had better and more productive places to be but had all agreed to keep their collective cool while dealing with Ross. Once their rewritten New-Not-Shit-Accords had the go-ahead from the U.S. government via Ross, any further tweaks they added would be checked by someone lower down the ladder and approved as long as they didn’t mess with the fundamentals.
“Tony-” Steve began and his tone was tight and placating. He was either trying to calm him or manipulate him and Tony wanted to scream with frustration at either option. The sheer incredulity and
Tony was there, bent over pieces of the Iron Man armour looking comfortable and lively while he tinkered.
Rhodey must’ve recognised Strange even with the weird wizard get-up he had going on. He could picture it now: Steve innocently inquiring about the funny dressed fella talking to Tony and Rhodey - always the entertainment - leaping at the chance to tell a mid-2000’s Tony Stark-approved wild story
He moaned as he felt Tony swallow beneath his fingers, around his shaft, and he couldn’t help the needy twitch of his hips forcing his cock ever so slightly deeper. Then Tony pulled off, slightly breathless, spit clinging to his lips and Steve’s glistening cock. He worried for a moment that he had hurt Tony, but the other man took his hand and ushered him closer.
He hadn't spoken to Steve once in the days since he found out about Cap's little detour in the past. He had been purposefully avoiding Steve; there was no point denying it. He just wasn't ready to face up to the music - to shine the spotlight on all of their mistakes and failings. And honestly, he was still trying to process the mind-fuck that was Cap going back in time to sleep with his past-self.
“I couldn’t agree more,” Strange replied, lips twisting a little before his fists struck each other and orange light haloed both arms. He nodded to T’Challa and drew a circle in the air. “I will see you tomorrow, your majesty. The rest of you, until next time.” With that, he stepped through a portal into what looked to be the Sanctum library.
He tapped his gold fingers impatiently along the walls of his coffee cup, the rhythmic dull thuds filling the almost oppressive silence of the ride down to Steve’s floor. JARVIS would have talked to him at this moment. Advised him against such a rash course of action. Would have forced him to call Rhodey, first. But JARVIS was dead and the bastard was the one who held secrets from him all those years. JARVIS had
Steve’s hands untucked Tony’s shirt, the ends rumpled and hitched up over Steve’s forearms as his thumbs pressed into matching impressions he had left not twenty-four hours prior along the slope of his hips. The bruises were purpled now and hurt enough to make Tony’s cock begin to swell and plump, a harmonious race of nerves between masochism and hedonism.
“Technically we had a moment after the New York fight, too,” Tony added casually, mock-indifferent. He walked around the kid to stand behind Steve, cocking his hip against the backrest of Steve’s chair while he ate his pilfered berries.
“I can’t even stay mad at you, because I’d already gotten over it. You didn’t want me back then and I got that, I moved on. You know how I do. But-
you, I told you more than once that messing with time was a stupid idea and you just had to be Captain Dumbass and get your dick wet in the past when there’s a perfectly good
"Point," Tony agreed but put the thought aside for later perusal. He wrapped his arms around Steve's shoulders again and kissed him. Steve swayed them slightly and it took Tony a few moments to realise he was dancing to the slow jazz music, softened by the walls and floors below them.
Tony sighed, nuzzling against Steve’s chest fondly. “Honestly it’s fine, I was on my way to find you regardless. I didn’t have
Tony watched Steve follow Thor to the basement levels and tried not to think about Barnes as he made his way up to his R&D workshop.
"Past-Me was a dick," Steve replied. "I won't ever want to go back. I was looking for something I didn't need to go looking for."
Tony’s insecurity wasn’t focused entirely on the arm. Steve had technically slept with him mere months ago, but the Tony he had slept with was young, not yet embittered - one might argue that just after the battle in New York, Tony was his best self. It wouldn’t be unexpected if Steve kept the thought of that Tony in his mind and found this one wanting. But the tone Steve used allowed no room for doubt and, despite his inclination to argue, Tony could only feel relief and desire. He believed him.
Tony sighed and stood, then held out his hand to draw Steve to his feet. He didn't let go as he drew them across the room to Steve's bedroom. It was completely dark, aside from the light spilling across the carpet from the fire in the living room. Had Steve even slept before Tony had come barging in?
“I do, fuck, Tony. You’ve got it,” was Steve’s affirmation he had been waiting for and with a final roll of their hips - clashing together with a brutal force that would bruise at least one of them, if not both - Tony was arching inwards and gasping out his orgasm into the heated patch of Steve's throat. Waves of pleasure throbbed at his dick, the slide between them becoming slicker and messy; a combination of their need for one another.
Tony slid his sunglasses onto the bridge of his nose once they stood in the doorway and looked away in thought, but Steve stopped him before he could voice whatever he was about to say.
He wondered if the deluge belonged to Thor having finally found closure - a phenomenal release of the god's pain and relief - or it was merely a sympathetic coincidence of nature.
in mind, but it’s the best turn the night could have taken. Just give me like five minutes and a baby wipe and we're good to go." He said tiredly and made no effort to move from their haphazard hug. Steve's fly was still undone and Tony's trousers wrapped uncomfortably over his shoes and around his ankles, his shirt a damp mess clinging to his sides. They were both half-hard, but now Steve had taken the edge off for himself he would be able to make it through the entirety of the evening without an ill-timed stiffy. Tony, on the other hand, would struggle. "Maybe ten minutes," he added.
“I’d best be going too,” Steve said contritely and Tony consciously stopped himself from feeling offended. He wasn't sure why it had taken him so long to notice that Steve was avoiding him; he could suddenly see it plain as day.
“A filthy fuck in my workshop with Captain America? Hell yes, we’re staying here. Unless your delicate 40's sensibilities require a cushy bed and the light out I - Oh!” Tony yelped as he was spun and slammed back down onto the workbench, shoulders meeting the surface with a dull thud.
He seemed easy-going, but Steve knew that his answer was a lie and not a very good one. The appearance of Loki and the battle were the beginnings of Tony’s PTSD, but he let the other man deflect. It would only start a fight if he pressured Tony when he wasn't ready. And -
He wondered if it could honestly be that simple: two guys that liked each other, despite the history between them. Was that a workable basis for a relationship (or, at the very least, a real amicable truce)? It wouldn’t be the first time Tony built something from scraps.
Steve, emboldened with adrenaline, gripped Tony’s waist and pulled them both flush together. He looked down at Tony and found shock and desire written across his features. "If I'm bein’ honest I didn't just come back to say 'good job'." He admitted, because truthfully in his heart he had hoped that by staying around longer than necessary he could make a connection with Tony. Things were too tense between them back home, so he would reach out here in the safe confines of the past. Whether that was letting Tony know he was appreciated with words or with actions, it didn't matter. He tightened his arm around Tony’s waist and felt the other man shiver. "Say the word and I'll go right now if you want. Pretend this didn't happen."
“Hey, it’s your house! Why’re you askin’ me?” he laughed, already on his fifth mouthful of pasta. He pointed the gloopy curvature of his spoon at the sixteen or so screens of footage surrounding Tony. “I’m sure Thor’s handling it. What’ve you been doing down here? Checking for plot-holes?”
sexier. It allowed him to be close enough to direct the team, gather data, and act as evac or drop extra ammunition when necessary. He was the eyes in the sky: Iron Man even without wearing the suit.
Tony only had a second to wonder if Steve had a plan or if he was making things up on the fly when slick fingers massaged around his hole. They were broad and cool against the heat of his body, firm and commanding on the most sensitive skin. He could feel Steve watching his own fingers, likely considering if Tony ever rocked his hips into Strange’s touch with urgent little thrusts as he was doing now. A dry hand settled on his backside to pull him apart and Tony cried out with need, which was enough to drive Steve into action.
Tony bit the knuckle of his thumb, silently groaning to himself. Fury’s meeting better be swift. If not, Tony vowed to jump out of the window and sweep Roger’s off his feet by dusk.
sprinkles and nuts, regardless of the ice cream flavour. I’m not anti-sprinkle, but use your head for once, Tony.”
"Ten men and ten women satisfied in the same night springs to mind," Steve replied experimentally, unable to stop the mirth shining in his eyes. He took a step forward, further into the room, and was glad to see the shock on Tony's face before it flitted away to show his own pleased grin.
“Perfect, don’t let him leave,” he swept up his warmest cup of caffeine, and jogged to the elevator.
“Well, what are you waiting for? If you’ve had breakfast suit up, if not: get a protein bar for the trip because you’re coming anyway; we need all the eyes we can get,” Steve barked, resulting in a swift emptying of the kitchen as a few members followed Thor’s path out of the window while the rest took the usual path to the armoury and flight deck above the Mansion. He stood and Tony stepped out of the way to clear a path.
"That or punch you, I'm glad it's this if we’re being honest,” Tony replied, lips twisting into a playful grin. His mask was melting away again to reveal the intelligent, sensual, generous man beneath.
-” Tony pleaded, groaning as his hands slipped over Steve’s chest. A new wave of possession took over Steve and he found he very much enjoyed the way Tony begged. Would his-...?
"I've been wanting to do that all day," Tony admitted, cheeks flushed and eyes dark. Steve could feel his breaths against the moisture on his top lip.
"Tony... I was selfish with you and since I've been back I have acted like a coward. You have a right to be angry, to yell until you can’t anymore," Steve frowned, and Tony knew him well enough now to understand that the anger twisting in his expression was targeted inward. His jaw clenched. "I didn't even think - would you have slept with me if you had known I was from the future? I took advantage of kno-"
The design was based on schematics for a certain super-soldier but had been abandoned halfway through. He’d flipped the orientation, trimmed the bulk, and produced it in a smooth, brushed matte titanium-gold alloy (the flesh tone had felt too fake and plain steel too close to nightmares, but gold was ostentatious and suited him well. He made it an accessory so he couldn’t think of it as a hindrance: he couldn’t miss his original arm when this one was so freaking
Helpless to the onslaught of pleasure, Tony’s cheeks flushed with sweet humiliation. It wasn’t real embarrassment - he could never be truly embarrassed around Steve, who knew him better than he knew himself a lot of the time - but he couldn’t escape the feeling of boyhood punishment for testing the limits and pushing too far. It was dirty and merciless and painful in a way that bordered on too much, except it was
“I know,” Steve said as he pulled back with a smile. His thumbs tracing the thin scratchy lines of Tony’s beard, then the crows-feet that stretched to his cheekbones. “You’re mine,” he added, not possessively; in some twist of fate, Tony was Steve’s whole package, too.
“Fuck,” Tony groaned, somehow surprised by how sweet the sensation of Steve’s naked skin on his felt. He pushed his hips into Steve’s, feeling the drag of heat curl loosely in his stomach and send fire through his veins. A large hand moved to the back of his neck as their mouths and bodies met as one, holding him in place, as though Steve were afraid he would vanish from beneath him. The thought tightened the sharp heat in Tony’s belly and he keened, gasping against Steve’s mouth. “Oh, yeah. That’s good, Rogers, yes.”
"Of course we are, Cap,” Tony snorted - ignorant to the weight behind Steve's message - and patted Steve’s bicep with a smirk. Unable to help himself, Steve chuckled and tilted his head curiously, waiting for him to explain. Tony met his gaze over the top of his sunglasses with a wink.
She was unnaturally quiet for a moment and if Tony hadn’t literally been watching her brain work, he might've thought she had shut down. Two new windows opened up before him, large and imposing.
“Alright, stay there. I want to try something.” Tony said, gesturing for Steve to stay in place facing the bench. Steve waited, feeling giddy and oh-so-lucky; Tony was going to share with him this idea, an experiment to try together, as well as his body which looked so tempting even under the harshness of the workshop's bright lights. He hadn't actually been after a sex-lesson, despite their earlier flirtations, but Steve wasn't going to turn down a little unexpected fun.
He had no reason to want to remember anybody else when Steve was so damn great - not infallible, but human and wonderful. Steve even made his vegan breakfast burrito to perfection in the mornings, maintained at the right temperature beside a shot of coffee ready for him until he stumbled out of bed.)
Across the table, Thor wore a pair of blackout shades, although they had listed to the tip of his nose and did nothing to hide his shut eyes. Between himself and Tony were his elevated feet and he was heavily leaning his woollen body on the back two legs of his chair. His head was lolled to the side and the tangle of days-old braids in his beard glistened under the artificial light as drool escaped his slack mouth.
He would let Steve know later. Perhaps while washing feathers from his hair, or even over a cup of coffee the next morning. Something simple and domestic for the first time, to not overshine the sentimentality. After would come time for getaway trips to distant islands, gifts and extravagant meals alike.
“Dunno,” Peter replied with a casual shrug and placed down two steaming bowls of mac and cheese. It wasn’t the box kind - and not fancy enough to be Wilson’s - so Peter must have gone to the effort to make it himself.
"Oh," Steve chuckled, leaning back a little so Tony could see his eyes. His hand fell to his own thigh from where it had been hovering and Tony immediately wanted Steve's arms wrapped around him. "I took it from him - me - then rode back to the tower. I got it back to the motel before I noticed it had gone."
“Want more, Tony?” Steve said through the rush of blood pounding at Tony’s eardrums. He blinked away the black and white splotches at the edge of his vision and nodded, clutching at the stone ledge hard enough to scuff his nails.
“Are you done?” He asked, fisting the length of Steve’s cock which remained turgid and eager against his calloused palm. He didn't seem all that surprised that Steve was still thick and heavy in his hand, twitching with sensitivity. “I’ve got lube. I really wouldn’t say no to your prick inside me if you’re still good for it. I won’t last long. I’ve been close since you started face-fucking me properly.”
Stepping down from active fieldwork had been an easy choice after he was back on his feet. Tony was glad that he had come to the conclusion on his own that he was (for now) better off as a behind the scenes guy: a consultant and benefactor, as planned from the beginning all those years ago. He took a roundabout way to get there, but he'd chosen it for himself this time. Thanos was dead by his and Thor's collective hand, depending on the way one squinted at the mess they made of the timeline. The point still stood regardless: Thanos was gone and Tony had earned a little holiday time.
Tony wondered at which point Steve decided to leave the mission parameters and play around in the past. Was it then, looking at the slumped form of his younger self and thinking about ‘missed opportunities’? Or was it later, after they’d successfully ferried Loki and Thor to the jump point and his younger self rode off into the sunset straddling a bike?
"Yeah, well, I'm a generous man. In and out of the bedroom, for your information. I'm sure you've read the stories in your Google search of me." Tony smirked, amused as he skirted away from the serious conversation again. “Don't take them all at face value.”
“He said you and-” Steve nodded his head in the direction of downstairs to the party and Tony followed his gaze with confusion. When he looked back there was that blush again, a darker rouge now beneath the shadows. “Used to- You know. Together. A lot.”
"Already forgiven," he repeated in a murmur. His gaze fell to Steve's lips and as he leaned in Steve moved to meet him, the years of distance between them finally closing.
He scrambled up so one knee was on the bench between Tony’s legs and he wanked himself furiously, face red with effort as he bit his lip, orgasm building. Tony was watching him, eager and open, no defences, no walls, all for
Newly freed, Steve cradled the back of Tony’s head with one hand, making the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. He kissed up the side of Tony’s throat and greedily ran his second hand along the naked skin at Tony’s rib cage.
"Well, I look forward to seeing you prove it. We're heavily lacking in the magic-user department and it's good to see a friendly face on a new-comer. Hey, I'll make sure you get the good welcome pack, with mini-cookies and dental cover," Tony winked and stepped back to leave and his spine hit upon a warm hard wall.
He was sure Steve must have met his exes before - there was Pepper, for one, who Steve had pleasant conversations with every once in a while and had never provoked this kind of reaction. Everyone else was more of a fling than an ex, except Strange who bordered a confusing purgatory betwixt the two. Was it because this time it happened to be a handsome looking fella (as opposed to Pepper, who was beautiful and terrifying)? Tony had already brought up the topic of not mentioning other people while they were intimate, so now was Steve left without the means or tools to ask for a threesome?
He turned his StarkPad to show Steve a particularly fetching picture of Clint balancing on the tip of one finger. Clint threw up a peace sign with his other hand and his flushed face was beaming at the camera until Tony swiped to the next picture, where a rather more blurry Clint was in the middle of falling to the floor with an impressively alarmed expression. Off to the side and completely in focus, Bucky held the back of his fist in front of his face as he laughed, almost bent double. Tony had only ever seen him laugh in old newsreels at the Smithsonian.
“Stark, we have reports of at least five forty-foot tall geese causing chaos at Battery Park. There have been sightings of another in the harbour, but no confirmed images of yet. There have been casualties. Send a team: pacify and damage control,” said Hill, before promptly signing off.
“Please, please,” Steve whispered, shaking so violently that Tony was almost worried he would crumble apart like pieces of sandstone between cruel centuries.
Tony might understand if Steve had wanted a moment away from the socialising. Apparently he had never enjoyed mingling with strangers and only ever went along to parties pre-war because Barnes wanted him there - not that anybody could make Steve do anything if he was firmly set against it, but still. Barnes always had a sway like that.
With renewed urgency, he threaded his fingers into Steve’s hair - longer than the cropped style he had worn in 2012 - and held him close. He wouldn’t let go, he would never let go again. Even if they never fucked again, he would never lose Steve from his life. It would never be like before; the pain of betrayal and frustrated shouting-matches from opposite sides. Nor the lingering silences, warmth absent and familiarity kept at bay.
“Are you gonna? You gonna come on my cock, Tony?” Steve demanded, both hands holding onto Tony’s thighs now as he fucked harder, deeper, finding that spot inside which made Tony’s head fall back and his legs lose purchase around his hips. It didn’t matter, Steve kept him spread and exposed, his fingers digging into soft flesh and strained muscles with a bruising grip against sweat and lube soaked skin. He was angry; angry at himself that he hadn't seen what they could have been so much sooner. Angry that he could only ever have this - just once - hidden and shameful in the past. He fucked Tony with anger turned to desperate passion, to timeless love, because Tony never deserved any of his anger. Tony only ever deserved his love and Steve would prove it to him with every punishing slam of his cock to his prostate.
He cast his gaze to Thor’s side to the other representative of outer-space-and-all-that-lies-beyond: Captain Danvers. Her eyes were decidedly open, fixed as they were on the nearest pen-pot. She maintained a steady glare, as though the collective assortment of stationery was the cause of her hardship. Tony watched the pot for a full minute, waiting, before huffing out of boredom and deciding that Carol was too chicken to cause a diversion.
Tony looked up and Strange was smirking so he laughed and remembered their shared love of cars; sadness for this near-stranger replaced by friendly recognition. "That's a damn shame. You should've dropped in sooner; I think I have a spare or two in storage somewhere. Canary yellow with your name on it."
"By your leave, yes," Steve replied, his hand reaching out to carefully hold one of Tony's. Warm, now. "I hurt you, it's only right that we do this your way. What you need, I'll follow."
“You don’t do stuff in halves, do ya?” Steve asked but notably didn’t refuse. In fact, his cock twitched against Tony’s palm as he began to picture the joy of being inside him.
Even though Tony had given him back the shield and they had called their truce, Steve knew it wasn't his place to wait by Tony's bedside as he recovered, no matter how much he wanted to. He had wanted -
Tony pushed his hips down into Steve’s boldly, rolling his thigh up against his balls, and felt satisfaction when he heard a shocked grunt escape Steve’s throat. It was the thought of his cock against Steve’s - so big it should have been intimidating, but back then it seemed like a challenge - without fabric separating them, slick and naked, without secrets or lies...
“You said to come over!” Peter accused, literally pointing the finger. “We were going to strength test the arm! FRI said you were upset, I figured it might be the arm o-or you said you had that crappy meeting planned today and honestly I would be pretty stres-”
Tony licked him until his knees were weak - until he thought he could almost come from the onslaught of the intense spikes of pleasure rushing through him. But, each lick was fleeting - enough to tease and frustrate him.
Pete and Happy were a constant presence, and Rhodey and Pepper would drop in when they had the time. The house was never empty, but everybody was understandably exhausted and seemed to want to lick their wounds in peace. It was a time for celebration, but Tony knew very well that nothing is ever that simple.
But the kid was there, so he didn’t. A flimsy excuse, he knew, but Tony didn’t have a better one to cover the gaping hole of vulnerability in his chest. They owed each other a world of apologies, so many so that it would take a lifetime before they were squared away. Somehow along the way Steve had forgiven him and with every action since, he had tried to atone for his side of the fallout: he trusted him, called him Tony, and carried him off the battlefield when it was all done. At the end of the world, that was enough for Tony. He was glad to have his friend back.
but rather than starting in on the arm, Tony opened up his ongoing pet project of reinstating J.A.R.V.I.S’ old data files with F.R.I.D.A.Y’s.
They had shared a room after. Steve had been miles away, as still as a statue the whole night, and Tony suspected that neither of them slept. He certainly hadn't.
“Hey Cap,” he called, voice playful. Steve looked to him around Thor and Tony wasn’t baiting him, honest. “Tell Fury to answer my messages, yeah? He sure bugged me enough times about it.”
“The meeting was fine,” Tony dismissed and kicked out the chair beside him with a screech so Peter could sit. “The arm is fine.”
He watched as Steve’s tongue swiped away the sheen of moisture gracing his upper lip he had traded during the kiss and estimated it to be coming up to five am.
As Loki grew corporeal he looked far from the threat he once used to. He was a pale blue all over, sickly, and if not for Thor rushing forward he might've fallen to the ground. Instead, he fell into his brother's arms, who had jerked out of his stupor and rushed forward to haul his spindly form upright.
"You've got us,” Steve said slowly, as though Tony was not aware that his childhood home was filled to the brim with life.
“Fuck,” he said breathlessly at the realisation. He pawed at Steve’s chest, clinging onto him just as desperately. “Fuck. Yeah, yes, more.”
trust him. He made that abundantly clear during the heist, during the war. Steve had trusted him enough to follow him to the 70s. He trusted him to don the gauntlet and finish the fight.
“Tony-!” Steve came inside him with an uncontrolled cry and a tear escaped to roll down Tony's cheek as hot come poured into his body. It wasn't his own orgasm - it did nothing to stop the pounding of blood through his dick and the painful ache in his balls or the deeper longing and disturbing emptiness he felt - but it was somehow better. Steve was filling him with his spunk, the culmination of their long fought-after relationship; marking him in the most primal, animalistic way.
“You can beg all you want, Tony, but you’re not coming until we’re home in our bed together,” Steve said, his voice remarkably steady. Beneath the words, Tony heard another wet sound and felt the chill of lube pouring between his cheeks. Steve rubbed his hand over his behind, slicking up the crack of his ass and his palm until they both glistened.
Tony had thought through the sinking feeling in his stomach; those Stones were far more trouble than they were worth.
They had played this game before. Not this position (no, that was all Steve’s imagining), nor this arrangement: usually Steve was the one begging, strung out after his sixth orgasm with the seventh in the palm of Tony’s hand. Tony liked to watch him turn into a mess of sweat and come, so he understood intimately what Steve felt like when he released a breathy sob, clenching with an unspoken demand around his cock. Powerful, yes, definitely that. And so much love, too.
“We’re going to be alright, Tony,” he said sincerely, a promise from his Captain and his friend. It wasn’t much - it didn’t mean anything to Tony, not really - but Steve hoped he would remember his words. He hoped they would provide some small comfort during the next thirteen years of fights and hardship (both at home and otherworldly). It couldn't all be for nothing. He hoped now more than ever that it was the truth, that
Tony waved his hand with a dismissive flick of his fingertips and looked away before he spoke. "He'd say that we're fucked up. We've got enough baggage between us to nosedive my jet - and that thing can hold a lot, mind you.” He sniffed and looked to the fireplace, jaw working around the words to come. “There are parts of this that aren’t healthy... But when we work we're amazing, we get each other. I'm not half as good as anything as I am when I'm doing it next to you," Tony shrugged casually, as though it had always been known between them. In all the years since the first Chitauri battle, Tony learned that vulnerability wasn't the enemy. "And that's the truth... You'll always have a chance with me."
Briefly, he wondered if the other man knew that he had figured it out and Tony wished, just for a moment, that Steve did know - that they could leave it all unspoken and move on, go back to being friends like before everything became so much more complicated. But it was immature idealism and the gulf between them would grow to breakpoint if they maintained this silent purgatory.
Upon such occurrences, Steve was clammy and cold to the touch, but now he was hot and crowding up against Tony like he was wearing the little red number he liked under his fine pin-stripe trousers.
“Your bike is in the garage,” Tony said smoothly as if reading his mind. He glanced around the mess of his workstation with a well-meaning sigh then pointed at Steve with an accusatory finger. “You really shouldn’t leave it parked out front, you know. Let me know if Dum-E scratched it, I’ll scrap him for parts.”
Tony stared at the middle distance before the ceiling and thought he really should be used to night-blackened walls by now.
The top floor had been renovated into a hangar (for Carol, the Guardians, and anybody else with a quinjet and clearance); the second floor was Tony’s; the ground floor was communal. The many basement levels were for the team, topped with artificial windows, private kitchens, fully outfitted gym, the works. The very last level - which was almost a whole block wide underground - was where Tony kept everything they’d salvaged from their last Headquarters and storage facilities, along with a few extra projects of his own.
Sex seemed to sap the physical energy from Steve more than a battle ever had. He was sweaty, hot to the touch - presumably flushed in ruddy pink - and moaned into Tony’s mouth as if he were in pain. The hand he wasn’t resting his weight on cupped Tony’s cheek, his thumb tracing his lips where they met before sneaking entrance. Tony sucked on the square digit, remembering the weight of Steve’s erection on his tongue, and he threw his head back with a loud moan. The tell-tale warm ache behind his balls warned him that he would last only a few more passes of Steve’s cock-head brushing against the sensitive part of his frenulum.
He didn’t need to ask for his help; Steve got the hint. He would never need to ask again if Steve had anything to say about it.
The original plan for the Mansion had been to reserve the three floors of the building to the team’s living spaces and public appearances, while the many basement levels would secret away sensitive data and storage. As luck would have it, it turned out that they had a lot more Avengers than physical data.
But why? Why did it not work? There was no reason for Tony to not have a memory of the new timeline. Surely, as far as he was aware, nothing had changed for him. Whatever Cap had changed had always been
Tony reeled, his metal hand flying up incredulously to stop the younger man before he dug himself a bigger hole. “How’d you work that one out?”
He ignored his baser instinct that told him to look away, to hide his pain, and his upturned face was greeted with Steve’s mouth on his, joining him in the shadows. Steve tasted a little of Cola and lemon (because Steve was his
to his past self for ever doubting that he and Steve could make a go of a successful relationship. He threaded his fingers through the cropped hair at the base of Steve’s head, tugging playfully as the strands slipped through his digits. He pulled him in for another kiss, confirming the goodwill between them.
"He would have done everything he could have for you," was his murmured response. He shifted, uncomfortable or getting comfortable, Tony couldn’t tell. He would know the difference one day. “If you managed to get those memories back, you'll be able to find the rest of him."
“Stay,” he said, like a man to his dog (albeit, a kind man who loved his dog very much) and Tony found he wouldn’t be able to move if he wanted to. He met Cap’s heated gaze and smirked as the shadow of his early paranoia slipped away to make room for keen arousal. He was glad he had the forethought to cloak the balcony.
(It was, technically, half true. He hadn’t realised that he had - without hesitation - taken his drink back from Strange, but he hadn’t been lying either when he told Steve that he hadn’t spared a thought for his old lover in years. They’d stopped seeing each other at some point or another, grew apart, became heroes, and that was the end of that chapter.
While Tony couldn't recall many of the immediate days after Thanos’ defeat, he had thought that (barring Peter, who only left his side to see his Aunt during the evenings) Steve visited his bedside the most often. Tony remembered a steady presence keeping watch in the dark hushed place between sleep and wakefulness, but it was always gone by the time he was roused. Stolen, by the night. It hadn’t occurred to him until now that the guardian might’ve been a figment.
"I-" his voice caught, so quiet that he barely heard himself speak. He didn't know if he could say it (that which had been haunting him for months- years:
Tony nodded, his van dyke scratching across the starchy cotton pillowcase. He remembered fighting, the air tense with passive aggression and mistrust. Splinters in his fingers and fear in his chest.
Pressed so close together, he could feel the lump of Steve’s growing erection through both layers of cotton between them. He couldn’t remember how it tasted, how it felt in his mouth, but he had thought of it often. Less so in the past few years, but it was a well-worn memory path. It had always been a shame that he had only one memory of it.
been a dick move and Tony thought it had explained why Captain America was always so hesitant to trust him.
Peter shrugged, sheepish. “I bought you some time so you could decide how you feel. And when Captain Rogers left I may have hinted that you sent me to spy and Mr Barnes said
- why on Earth Captain America has been avoiding little old me and frankly I’m-” Tony swallowed, forcing his tongue against the back of his teeth and pursing his lips. All at once, the hurt he hadn’t let himself process jammed into the back of his throat. Perhaps he should have waited, instead of running in with all guns blazing alongside the caffeine tremors. JARVIS would have told him to wait. He grimaced, self-deprecatingly, and squared his jaw. “Well, I’m a little lost, Steve.”
It was like they shared an impossible secret. Something just for them, together. He leaned in and kissed Steve again. It felt like a celebration.
- to sit by in comfort, to pass him water and hold his hand, but that wasn't what friends did. And it wasn't what 'just teammates' did, either. Instead, Steve had paced anxiously and demanded updates from F.R.I.D.A.Y and Carol whenever the twist in his gut became unbearable - right up until Tony had been declared conscious and stable.
Steve’s thrusts picked up a fiercer, more controlled edge, and Tony deliriously wondered if the man was aware he liked to take orders in the bedroom. The thought didn’t last for long; every roll of their hips dragged the lengths of their pricks together, friction sparking a distracting heat that made Tony arch and twist.
"Brother," Thor said, his voice choked and Tony knew there were tears in his eyes. His chubby hands held Loki's gaunt aquamarine face, thumbs erratically stroking the line of his cheeks, then through his limp black hair as he begged, "Brother, I'd say this was your most cruel trick, but were you truly alive to play it I would care not."
“Anybody with him?” He shoved his sleeves up to his elbows and ran a hand roughly through his hair. He winced as a joint caught in a knot.
and Steve cried out, his pleasure spilling over to coat Tony’s cock and balls in thick clear ropes of spunk. The image burned into the possessive part of his brain. He would always have this; Tony's spent cock covered in his come.
” he hissed, stalking past Steve again to slam the door shut with enough force to rattle the cabinets. The cool and calm approach immediately went out of the imitation window. He was shaking, he realised, but if he acknowledged it for more than a moment he might break. “I have lived with this the whole time.”
- but he had his bow and an arrow ready and that was what counted. On the far side of the yard, Barnes mirrored the archer with his rifle.
“Hm, maybe later,” he teased - because wouldn't that be wonderful? - and nudged at Tony’s legs so his feet were resting on the edge of the bench, knees to the ceiling, thighs spread. He leaned over Tony’s prone form and began to circle the heat of his hole with the broad pad of his slick thumb, applying pressure when Tony spread his legs further for him. He had imagined this (only a handful of times in the quiet of night when he permitted himself the luxury), but his fantasies fell into a shadow compared with the wondrous reality of touching Tony so intimately. He was warm, soft, and yielded to his caress so nicely. Steve could see the moment Tony's body relaxed from tense-anticipation to the need to be filled, balls clenched close to his body rhythmically.
This Tony soothed his heartache, showed him what could have been, and helped him make peace with all of his mistakes. And Steve still needed to atone and made amends with the Tony of the future, if it was at all possible.
The words set off a sympathetic pang in Tony's gut, like swallowing an ice cube whole, and he didn’t press for more. Thor had lost everything around him and his sense of self to boot. It was only natural for him to draw comfort from the safe familiarity of the Avengers.
Steve grunted appreciatively and - dirty talk, aside - decided to ignore the twisted confession. Tony had a long history with Captain America and Steve wouldn't blame him for having mixed feelings about fucking the man he had once both idolized and despised in his younger days. But he wasn't Captain America right now, he was just Steve; the man who made mistakes, loved with his heart on his sleeve, and had gone to the end of the world and back with Tony by his side.
He jerked his hips forward, not as a seduction tactic, but because Steve felt so impossibly good looming over him he couldn't
- you didn’t know and I did. You slept with me once then never mentioned it again. But it wasn't him, was it? Past-You, he didn't know. It was you.” Tony turned in time to see Steve’s lips parting in speech. “No - zip it, I’m not done; you don't get to talk until I tell you to.” He picked up the nearest thing to him - a small pocket notebook from the coffee table. “I’ve got the support book, you can talk when you’ve got it." He flushed, but he couldn't let embarrassment stop him: this needed to be fixed or the whole team (the NNSA's, the intergalactic alliance) would fall apart around them. All that they built together. "And hey: quick disclaimer - I've forgiven you, but I'm so fucking-! Fucked up about this that I might not shut up for thirty minutes. Just so
“Please, Steve, I can’t- I’ll be so good for you. I’m yours, you bastard, fuck me! Get Strange, make him watch- make him watch you take me, I don't care, just do it!" He knew he sounded needy, a mess, an embarrassment on any other day, but this was Steve, who knew just what to do to get him gagging for it. Steve took him here and he would take care of him.
Was that what Steve was doing now - giving him space as he had done after the snap? It sounded like something he would do, but he must know that Tony harboured no ill will for him, not anymore.
"Not yet," he said, voice wet and painful in his throat. He half-turned away from Steve and held the notebook up to show him,
“How could you be so reckless, first of all. You should count your lucky stars and stripes that everything is still in one piece. We got lucky. I
-” he pointed his fork to the respective image of Loki leaving the Tower in chains, “- and Steve, who at least had the sense to keep his wanderlust contained; he only interacted with me.” He stuffed his mouth with a forkful, blowing out the steam carefully, then stabbed at another bite, delaying. He had to ask - there was no avoiding it. “Have you done what I asked? It‘s been three days: the next bad guy in tights might’ve already caused mass destruction by now.”
“Hold me here,” He instructed and made Steve press the flat of his palm to his throat, tucked up just underneath his chin. The skin there was flushed, damp from sweat and the beginnings of stubble scratched at Steve’s palm. Tony grabbed at his cock again, stroking him firmly as he spoke, making Steve's knees week.
Steve chuckled because it was just like Tony to want to extend his pleasure for as long as possible, even if it meant denying himself release. He wrapped Tony’s legs around his waist and guided himself slowly past the initial resistance into his body. Heat surrounded him and he groaned, panting as he laced his hands together with Tony's. He held Tony close, wanting to watch as pleasure relaxed Tony’s features while he adjusted to the girth of his prick slowly easing into him. He had prepared him well and he slowly undulated his cock deeper into the wet warmth that welcomed him.
He took a look at Steve’s hardened expression and requested F.R.I.D.A.Y cloak balcony for good measure. Sound could get in, but not out. The night air was balmy and still, filled with the indistinct chatter of party-goers, the ebb and flow of live music, and the more distant hum of the city beyond the Mansion’s boundary.
“That was-” Steve murmured with an indecipherable tone. Tony was beginning to realise that the other man had the habit of leaving behind his vocabulary in the intimacy of the bedroom. It was probably quite telling of the super-soldier’s psyche, but now wasn’t the time to analyse.
Tony pulled away as increments of his brain ticked back online. “I can’t believe you just jerked off inside me. That’s so fucking hot,” he said, laughing a little as Steve ducked his head to hide his blush. Tony’s heart was fit to burst; he just wanted Cap so damn much. “I had no idea you were so possessive, Mister Rogers.”
They’d broken the ice, cut the tension, and at times things were eerily reminiscent of how life was before everything went to shit. They all had their bad days and busy lives, but they didn’t need time alone to recover anymore. They could patch themselves up together.
“And that is why you’ll take over as head of R&D before you hit twenty-five,” Tony smirked and threw his paper ball at him. Peter caught the projectile mid-arc with a web and drew it into his hand. Cheater. "Now run along and interrogate Captain America for Avengers-classified information,
"Well, Stark, you should’ve led with that,” Steve said with a laugh. He shifted his arms from around Tony and gripped his arse instead, holding him up by one hand while the other worked on Tony’s topmost shirt buttons.
Steve returned the smile readily and took a moment to read Tony’s expression; relaxed and easy, without disappointment or expectation. Steve could see the line of Tony's thoughts in his eyes. Tony was a realist, a futurist, an ex-playboy: Super-hero colleagues with benefits wasn’t a bad deal, even if it was a one-time thing.
He found himself reaching for Tony, curling a hand roughly around the nape of his neck to pull him into a fierce kiss. He wanted to fuck him, to spill inside him and claim him for his own. He wanted to cherish him, too, to raise him up and show the world what a great man Tony Stark was. It was a powerful, all-consuming desire that he hadn’t known he had in him. His Tony was at home, weak and distant, but this Tony was still his Tony. Just younger, sanguine,
"Me too," Steve smirked and lifted Tony up against him so his legs came to rest around his waist. Without the armour, he weighed very little and Steve spun them easily so he could settle his arse back against the bench, holding Tony up around his midsection. Gravity forced Tony's crotch against his and Steve couldn't resist grinding their stiffening pricks together. Tony's hands gripped his shoulders tightly. "You're alright I've got you."
“Say JARVIS, keep the recordings of the workshop footage today. I wager we could make a million selling Captain America and Iron Man’s first sex tape.” Tony said, smug and breathless from his orgasm.
"And why would you, a surgeon with hands like a rabbit's heart, know how to imprison Loki: literal God of mischief," Tony asked, world's colliding in a way he was absolutely
His grip relaxed on the book he held slightly as he breathed out a shaky rush of air. He remembered Steve had said something after they slept together, something he had dismissed at the time and recalled weekends later during the strained ennui of board meetings.
Tony tilted his head until their kiss broke and their foreheads touched. He kept his eyes shut, content to be close in the gentle midst in the aftermath of their heightened emotions.
“I’ll hold you,” he said and squeezed his other hand around Steve’s wrist. “If I push away or let go you know to stop, cool? Otherwise, I’m game.”
Except the change hadn’t stuck; Tony could remember perfectly - albeit with the fogginess of a decade behind him - that they had definitely, thoroughly, fucked. (Watching the tape back he cringed; he’d been so damn eager to impress. His voice was hoarse for days after that particular trick.) Moreover, if Steve had tried to stop them from fucking in an attempt to stop their fight before Thanos, it hadn’t worked. Ultron still happened; the Accords; Thanos - it had all happened the same in either timeline according to JARVIS. Otherwise, he would have a record of it, just like this.
“Uh, I don’t want to- But, has anybody seen Loki?” Bruce asked, scratching a large green thumb over his temple with an anxious expression across his features.
“I wouldn't miss it, Captain,” Tony acknowledged with a nod and watched Steve retreat into the en suite. His eyes trailed the length of Steve’s back, the narrow slip of his waist, and the impossibly thick muscle of his behind and legs.
he had a house full of loud superheroes that were good company when they weren’t stealing his gluten-free bagels - Tony hadn’t consciously noticed that Steve had been hiding smiles from him. And now that he was noticing, he couldn't help but feel keenly aware that Steve had been
“What was that about?” Steve asked as they set off, the car quiet now Ross’ voice no longer filled the air.
“Tony Stark, receiving,” Tony said and the warning screen changed to footage of Maria Hill in tactical gear.
In the second it took for them to realign, a seed of doubt lodged itself on the tip of Tony’s tongue. The shell caught in his teeth uncomfortably and he was ridding himself of the sensation before he even realised he had opened his mouth, “I haven’t-, not since-... with the arm. You know. It doesn’t matter; it’s all the same really. It is, of course, amazing,-”
Steve's moans quickly grew more rugged, deeper and pleading as their flesh stroked mutual pleasure against one another. It was one of the most primal sexual things Tony had ever had the pleasure to be a part of.
“For a long time,” Tony clarified because he would be damned if - after all that - they stumbled into a misunderstanding and found themselves worlds apart in the light of day.
The tense crease between Steve's brows deepened as he hesitantly tilted his head. "What would he have said?"
- Tony and Steve - would be alright. He would return the Stones, go home, and reach out an offering of kindness to the Tony he loved.
Suddenly, it all felt far too intimate a scene for the team to be looking in on. He dropped his arm as the pair fiercely embraced, clutching at each other and sobbing bittersweet relief and six years worth of heartache into each other's shoulders. Later. They would find out what the hell had happened to Loki later but for right now the two needed time to reunite on their own terms. Tony had seen enough family's back together after Bruce's snap to know when the time was to look away.
Eventually, Tony pulled off with a gasp and used his hands to coax the last drops of Steve’s pleasure onto his waiting tongue. Steve watched through heavy eyelids, trembling with sensitivity as Tony’s tongue swiped around his glans and frenulum as though chasing his flavour.
When he had set FRIDAY up she was a baby, shiny and new, with access to all the technical data of the time, but lacking when it came to all the learned knowledge that JARVIS had collected and written protocols for over the years. Finding the files that had been destroyed when JARVIS (and later, Vision) was killed wouldn’t necessarily bring JARVIS back, but for FRIDAY it would be like finding her deceased dojo master’s diary and learning his old secrets. Right now she was a brilliant A.I., but she didn’t know the team - or Tony - as JARVIS had. Finding some of those files would jump-start the process.
“Braggart,” Tony muttered once the portal was closed and sparks danced over his shoes, only half-serious. He kicked the twinkles away. Beside him, Thor snorted his amusement and Tony winked up at him.
Oddly, Tony probably had more alone time with Barnes than he had with Steve since the final battle. Employing the same approach he had used with Bruce seemed to do the trick: don’t be afraid of the dude that happens to
"This isn't Clint's," he said and shuffled closer. His chest pressed against the swell of Steve's arm, his head tucked into the gap above his shoulder. He hoped his hair didn’t tickle Steve’s cheek. "Go to sleep, Cap."
It ran dexterity, tension, strength, heat, pressure, all seamlessly. As a precaution, the back of the forearm hid a photon-shield; his palm a contained repulsor, and he had an option to stun anytime he sent a finger gun someone’s way. Occasionally he would tinker with his new arm, testing to see if he could make it more sensitive, more dexterous,
you decide you want me and look for that in the past? It’s been more than ten years… It’s not even been a year for you. Please tell me you understand how fucked up this is. You
Tony smiled back at him, feeling filthy and obvious and alreadyregretting his decision to not drag Steve home to bed and forget about the party entirely. But with Steve, he was ready for anything life threw at him - even if it was an evening of frustration trying to hide his hard-on in a crowd of friends and colleagues. Hopefully, they would all be drunk enough by now that they didn’t notice how sweaty and happy they both were.
“That was fucking hot, Cap. Get me the, uh, the water over by the coffee machine?” He said, voice rough and wrecked as he gestured. The sound made Steve’s cock twitch again, knowing that he was the one that made it that way. He removed his jeans from around his ankles along with his shoes and stumbled dutifully over to the mini fridge Tony kept. He was pretty sure Tony could get him to do almost anything right then; he'd do it without hesitation.
“You would know,” Steve replied cheekily and bit down at the soft skin above his collarbone, making Tony flinch while he thrust closer. He jostled them briefly and gripped Tony’s arse with both hands to help the smaller man grind up against his lower stomach to relieve the ache in his crotch that was becoming harder and harder to ignore. The hold on his shoulders became just shy of painful.
“It’s totally not my fault! I was going to speak to him, I really was, but Sergeant Barnes was right there and he said he wanted to fight me before he goes back to Wakanda and I really, really, wanted to! And he taught me that cool trick where he catches a knife in mid-air - not that I’d ever use a knife like that - but he said I reminded him of Captain Rogers before he got all big and you can’t expect me to say
"Are you okay?" Steve asked with a quiet chuckle, brushing his fingers over the sweat-slicked hair that flopped limply over Tony's forehead. He sounded reasonably concerned, but not apologetic, and Tony felt pride that Steve understood how okay it was for them to get off on what they just did. "Do you want me to finish you off? I'm not actually going to make you wait unless you-"
“Regret, yeah, feelin’ it,” he lied, his head hung low and dizzy over the side of the balcony. He could feel Steve rocking against the back of his bare thigh, a slow strange rhythm out of time with the intensity of his fingers. “God, yes. Don’t stop sweetheart, you’re perfect, you’re so perfect.”
But, as Steve considered his next move, Tony’s confidence flickered. A mask sheathed his doubt within an arrogant smirk, acting the part of the playboy. That was something Steve recognised, too - the playboy mask. Perhaps because he hadn't realised Tony had been flirting, the other man felt he had to maintain the mask through all their early interactions, until flirtatious jokes turned to bite and snark in his mind. Steve hated that mask; Tony should have never felt the need to use it with him. He cast his mind back to the fading smile his Tony had hidden from him as he said his goodbye before his trip. Tony had laughed so effortlessly with the spider-kid, but as soon as he saw Steve his defences covered that congeniality. Steve wouldn't admit to being jealous, not now when he was too busy deciding to show Tony all the kindness and -
“No problem,” Tony nodded, ready for action. He had been expecting something to come up. An undercurrent of anxiety had plagued him all evening - paranoid, that someone had decided to cause havoc while all of the available Avenger’s and co. were currently under one roof. He kept the easy smile on his face; it would do no good to cause mass panic. “See you around, Doctor.”
His hand was cold and clammy against his thigh where the fingers dug tightly into the flesh beneath his jeans. The skin under his nails was bleached white where it wasn't a dark blue, the cold of his exposed soul battling with his death-grip.
"Bro-th-er," said the spectre, the voice unnaturally distant as though it were speaking through a wall of water. The light pulsed around the figure and Loki grew vivid, solid, as they watched him reach out to Thor.
Steve stroked his hand over his cock roughly, the tip of him fucking into Tony with fast sharp jabs until he stilled. Tremors wracked through his body and Tony knew he was dying to bury himself balls deep, as deep as he could go, but Steve kept the space; still needing to prove to the baser part of himself that nobody was a threat to their partnership. Tony was his and would beg - was begging - for his prick, his body, his affection, and nothing would change that.
“Tony, I-” He warned, opening his eyes that he hadn’t realised had fallen shut. He heard a wet sound and glanced up to see Tony fisting his prick, his free hand flying over his length and -
Tony ignored the question and brushed past him, full of bravado he didn’t truly feel as he invited himself into the other man’s living area.
Tony groaned around his mouthful and swallowed before taking more of his length and Steve watched, mesmerised, as his cock disappeared into Tony’s more than eager mouth. He stayed stock-still, not wanting to overpower the man before he was ready, and stroked his fingers curiously up and down the ridge of Tony’s throat. Tony was sucking him deeper, little by little, and swirled his tongue over the sensitive underside of his cock constantly.
“We did,” he confirmed and Steve’s expression grew heated once more. He drew closer, pressing his stiff cock against Tony’s lower stomach.
To his credit, dawning realisation washed over Steve’s befuddled expression after only a moment of instinctive affront.
because he didn’t want to be without distraction. Without that, his thoughts would inevitably turn to Steve.
Steve caught hold of a smile before it could crinkle the corners of his eyes the way Tony liked best (crinkles were good. Soft and old, a well-worn book. Crinkles meant he had done something right and Tony was long past pretending to himself that he didn’t want Cap’s approval). Steve quickly covered the lapse with a look of admonishment.
said the Steve that slept with him. The man who had watched him survive the full force of all six Infinity Stones.
him, stole the very breath from his weak pithy lungs) and Tony met the look with a sardonic raise of his brow. Golden fist loose, he made a very subtle and not-at-all childish jerk-off motion in the direction of Ross, tongue-in-cheek.
“You’re having fun,” he mused, ducking his head slightly so he could brush the tip of his nose against Tony’s. The action brought them closer together again. Eye to eye, barely visible.
“You like that,” he said, panting as he moved his attention to kiss and bite at Tony’s ribs and stomach. He tasted of sweat and musk from strings of Tony’s pre-come that had dripped to his abdomen. His hand moved faster, harder, and Tony keened and arched under him. He was so beautiful, so receptive and eager. Steve wasn't using his full strength, but he wagered Tony found the power behind his touch more than a little bit sexy, judging by the way he scrambled against the bench.
"Yes. Don't stop,” Tony murmured and he pressed his nose into the shorter hairs behind Steve’s ear, along his hairline as he spoke. He knew that - given the opportunity - Steve would use every moment to atone for his past mistakes (to wait for a signal, despite how much he would rather be jumping into the fire) but Tony didn’t want to think about the past anymore. He didn’t want Steve acting carefully around him. He wanted the man - irresponsible time-travel decisions and all. He wanted the future.
it was his way of telling him that he had forgiven Tony for the mess they made of the Avengers together and the hurt they caused each other. He got that. They didn't talk about it. On some levels, they didn't need to. And it had taken Tony a tick longer to get there, but inevitably, he had forgiveness for Steve too.
"I was never far away, brother," said Loki as Thor settled their foreheads together, so quiet that without the suit Tony would not have known what was said.
“Fuck,” Steve cursed, his thrusts only increasing in tempo. He pressed Tony into the bed, burrowing his nose just above his collarbones.
Steve would be defensive, there was no doubting that, but if Tony made it clear to him that the team, their relationship, was priority maybe he would bypass the initial fight response. Maybe this time Steve would listen to reason.
And that meant… That meant Steve took time out of replacing the Stones to fuck him. The past him. And Steve of the past - the Steve that Tony had been friends with, had fought with -  had had no idea about it. Steve had effectively only changed
"Fuck-" Tony groaned in surprise as his hole twitched and throbbed around the silicone, shaking him in place as the torment continued. Cap helped him straighten and turn, and Tony felt the rough rasp of his suit against his hyper-sensitive prick as Steve’s large arms enveloped him, his full trembling weight cradled in a loving embrace. Tony caught his breath, dazed. "Did you have that in your belt?"
“What the fuck?” he gasped, burrowing his face in his hands as the shock began to leak from his system and realisation settled in. “Okay. Okay, okay, okay…”
Tony thought and threw his head back with a joyous laugh as Steve lifted him up onto his hips. Steve supported his entire weight and kissed him fiercely, taking over, taking back what was his, and Tony melted into it; more than happy to have all of that passion directed his way. His legs wrapped around Steve’s waist with practised familiarity and he clung onto the meat of his lover’s shoulders as he was ground back into the scrape of the brick wall.
Steve's hands tightened at his hips when Tony found himself pressing his tongue to flush skin. He couldn’t help the breath of pleasure he whispered into Steve’s throat.
brought about the destruction of Asgard and marooned the entire population on a mad dictator’s orgy ship that was almost immediately boarded by a mad Titan.
As he watched the team take their positions, he flicked the comms links on and followed their progress. The carrier took flight over Manhattan, invisible to the naked eye so he could stealth his way past Washington Square Park and over Soho. He sent out two drones to gather intelligence, pilot fish to get in closer to the action.
Tony needed this and to some extent he expected that Steve needed this, too. And they would communicate like fucking adults until everything was squared away. If they were ever going to move on the air between them had to be cleared. Otherwise how could they ever trust one another again?
Steve paused a moment, wanting to hit his past-self over the head for the second time that day. Because, well...
“Ha, I claimed that year! That means I won!” Thor laughed. His fist met with the table victoriously and everybody concealed a wince.
“What was your plan? Get me up here all alone and give me a dozen hickeys to go with your ring I wear around my neck?” He coaxed between groans, hips rutting against the hard planes of Steve’s abdominal muscles. He cursed the red and white stripes of the suit; Steve’s bare stomach would feel a lot nicer to rub up against.
The smile faded from Tony’s face and the team as a collective halted their arguing to focus on the centre of the table where a large projection reading
Shortly after, he announced it to the team personally. He couldn't bear the thought of explaining himself to them all individually, so he sent an unscripted holo-message in a mass email -
"Fuck," Tony gasped once his voice decided to work again. He looked away then back at Steve with wide eyes. "I'm gonna fuck Captain America."
He was so casual, so ignorant of Steve's inner turmoil, that Steve couldn't help but relax and fall into his open arms. He waited for a beat and laughed when the A.I. didn’t deign to answer.
Tony's eyes trailed back to the pooling condensation around the base of his glass and he held in another sigh. The whole thing was depressing, but dwelling on the past wasn't usually his thing.
“No,” Bruce said, voice strained with frustration as he glared at Tony across the kitchen table. “What I’m saying is, you can’t have
Steve bit his lip and tried another experimental thrust, this time harder, deeper, and Tony moaned encouragingly around him like he’d handed him the heavens and stars above. He did it again and again and then he was thoroughly fucking Tony’s mouth, thrust after thrust. Tony’s spit was getting everywhere, face red, and his neglected cock hanging out of his trousers in a dishevelled mess, but he looked gorgeous to Steve. He imagined it must be unpleasant, to some degree, having a cock shoved down one’s throat over and over until it was raw, but Tony seemed to get off on it - couldn't get enough of it, and Steve was happy to oblige him. Tony’s nails dug into the skin of his wrist, firmly keeping him in place as he fucked his way to climax.
Tony slumped, knees wobbling as Steve hushed him. “Just a minute, Tony, I’ve got you,” he said, a lighthouse in the face of this oncoming wreck. Tony didn’t question the pause; didn’t question Steve, despite the painful throb of his turgid prick. He grunted, a thick noise in the base of his throat; he couldn't manage much more as the sensitive raw aftershocks of it all shook through him.
He had started the assimilation during his self-imposed banishment at the lake house, but then the time-heist happened and that was that. The end goal would be to have both JARVIS and FRIDAY’s data streams running in tandem throughout the Mansion. There was a lot more code to write, but it was possible.
“You really want to do this here?” he asked with a raised brow, not that he had any real objections.
The dull sounds of impact to concrete, a flush of flapping wings, whirring mechanics and the occasional deafening
Lingering in his past and missed opportunities, Steve was overcome with the urge to check in on his teammate. As team captain, it was the right thing to do. Nobody would know he had taken a detour. Nobody would suspect he lingered because he ached to see Tony look at him again with eyes bright with friendship. If he couldn't help his Tony, he was making damn sure this Tony knew that Steve Rogers would always be there for him.
Ross was speaking - had been speaking for the last three damn hours - when Tony blinked back into the room.
“Ew, I’m going to stop you there. What did I say about bringing up other people in bed?” Tony interrupted playfully. He let his arms drop to wrap around Steve’s shoulders as his own began to twinge from the awkward angle. Steve huffed with mild amusement creasing his brow and glanced to the balcony’s edge: definitely not a bed. “Point taken. Continue.”
Tony's eyes dropped to the glass of gold spirit the other man held when his gaze caught sight of scars running along each finger. They twitched under his inspection, shuddering in a way that felt disturbing to witness. He felt pity, Tony realised: Strange had been an excellent and talented surgeon - arrogant, but deserving of praise - but now?
Discovering the duplicate footage in JARVIS's banks of the day they had infiltrated the Tower was not surprising. Rather than recording over what had already happened, JARVIS must have recorded both events simultaneously, even as time was being rewritten. Honestly, Tony had no idea that JARVIS had been able to transcend the time-continuum like that. He gave himself a mental pat on the back.
He knew it was a stupid question; he could see for himself that the footage was of the same day and same time. The shadows across the floor hung the same. The grease marks behind his left ear were the same. His clothes, the armour, the food wrappers beneath the desk. His silly hip-wiggle: it was all the same.
Tony shook his head incredulously, eyes wild and panting. "JARVIS, make a note: super strength, major turn on."
Tony would laugh if he had the energy. He hummed Cap's Star-Spangled Man tune instead and the swat to his thigh was worth the sting, even if the jolt made him clench around the too-small plug inside him.
It was times like these that Tony wished Jarvis was with him. Man or A.I., he wasn’t picky. Jarvis always knew how to help him.
, Tony wanted to blow something up. He glanced consideringly at the pen-pot again but decided the commotion wouldn’t be worth it. He reached for his phone to discreetly text Happy when Steve caught his eyes from across the table beside Danvers.
He stared at the scarred skin and waited for panic-induced stupidity to melt away; the room was lightless because he no longer had a reactor-cum-nightlight residing in his body.
“Oh," Peter sat, the fight seeping out of him. He turned earnest brown eyes to Tony and took a seat. “Then what’s up?”
Together, they braced themselves: on opposite sides of an argument once more, but this time with a common goal. Resolution.
Steve's jaw was tense, his hands clasped around the knot holding his robe together at his waist. It was a tell: he was uncomfortable, but not defensive. It was just a coping strategy and Tony had plenty of experience with those. Tony's hand shook like it was glitching around the notebook he had commandeered. He took a breath.
“What do we tell the others?” Steve asked, pushing himself into a sitting position at the edge of the bed.
He was only a little shocked that Tony actually kept lube on him: a small travel-friendly bottle tucked away in the lapel of his jacket strewn across the floor. Tony might tease and flirt, but it was probably some combination of medical-grade and armour-safe lubricant. Multi-purpose and elegant, as always.
“The good old days,” muttered Tony and he snorted at his sentimentality. He took a sip of cold coffee and grimaced before swallowing the rest of the cup in one gulp.
"You know, that was some fine shield work back there. And those legs," Tony whistled appreciatively, roughly dragging Steve abruptly from his thoughts. "Remind me to design you a better suit, Cap. And I'm sure, I'm positive, that there is a way we can get you a better gauntlet for the shield. Trust me, it’ll streamline the whole process. Thor’s given me some ideas... I'll send you designs when I've got a few going.”
Ever since waking up he had wanted to talk to Steve, to say that he heard him loud and clear during their time heist together. Whenever Steve had said
“Yeah, yes: take what you need, big guy,” he encouraged, holding the other man’s hair tighter as he spoke. He wanted to anchor him, let him bask in the liberation and utter assurance of feeling owned, loved.
Tony would press back into the thrusts if he could, but Steve placed a steady hand on the small of his back, forcing his stomach to stay against the rough stone beneath him. It was like Steve had anticipated it - maybe he had - and Tony felt the last slip of sense he had leave him under that touch, his body relaxing fully to Steve’s care.
“Uh-huh,” he replied, genuinely speechless for once. He reached out blindly for Steve’s cheek and brushed away the longer wet hairs clinging to his forehead. He kissed him, slow and full of promise, the unspoken words he was too afraid to say aloud.
"Oh, yeah? I can read you like a book," Tony drawled, quirking his brows - hoping the super-soldier could appreciate the action in the dark - before dropping his head to mouth at Steve's throat again. Struck by curiosity, he bit down and sucked a mark there. A shaken inhalation was Tony’s reward, shortly followed by a hand that cupped one buttock and hefted him closer. Tony smiled and continued until - on a normal person - the bruise would be large enough to rival the after-effects of a solid punch delivered by his new right hand. He licked over the mark he couldn’t catch enough light to see.
“Christ, Tony-” Steve gasped, his cock throbbing as he obediently pressed a second digit inside his lover. He had no idea that Tony thought about him like that, had no idea how deeply mutual their attraction was. Tony's awaiting hole pulsed around the new stretch of his knuckles before relaxing to accept the slow push and drag of his fingers. He could do this forever, or at least until Tony was a wet mess of leaking precome and begging for release. He found his prostate easily and tapped a teasing pattern over the nerves, sparking small fires throughout his body until he was shuddering.
If Strange was still around Tony didn't notice. He stayed by his fiancé’s side all night, laughing and teasing and, eventually (finally) making love. The following two impossible, Earth-shattering, universe-altering, orgasms Tony had were - for the record - well worth the wait.
know Thor?" Tony frowned, amused. He followed Strange’s finger which gestured to the god himself, who was clearly weaving a story to a small congregation, jabbing the air with one hand while the other curled around one of Bruce’s shoulders.
A foot jostled him under the table and Tony snapped to attention (afraid for a ridiculous instant that someone had heard his thoughts) to see the other members of his party stand and shake hands with Ross. He plastered on a tight smile, followed the gang out of the room and rubbed his hand on his pants as he went, feeling puerile.
They were lugging through the homestretch of addendums to the New-Not-Shit-We-Promise-Accords with the end, blissfully, in reach. Tony had organised the meetings himself. The people, the room, the Dominican coffee beans. What he hadn’t accounted for was Ross turning their run over the finalisations into an elongated masturbatory lecture.
Parker had left to see Barton and Barnes, which may have been an even worse trio to allow to be together. Tony had the sneaking suspicion that of the three, Barnes was going to be the voice of reason. He definitely couldn't count on Clint's sense of self-preservation.
A golden yellow glow from indoors cast a soft warmth over Steve’s features which extended to a natural flush of red and a healthy pink denoting embarrassment bled across Cap’s ashlar cheeks. Care and craftsmanship had been taken to great lengths to chisel the fine sculpt of his features, but Tony always preferred them marred by messy biology.
“I want you,” Tony said - because they weren’t keeping secrets now. He bowed his head while his hands pushed at Steve’s top, lowering himself so he could run his lips and tongue on a path from stomach to clavicle. As he went, Steve’s hands grew bolder; sneaking glances under the underwear he had worn to bed, trailing his thumbs over the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs.
“We’ve both done things to each other we aren’t proud of. Let go, just be here now. I’m not asking for anything more.”
Tony had settled down to nap once the conversation turned to less interesting matters, thinking he should have known better. He wished he had the foresight to bring his cushy meeting pillow with him, as he had made snoozing during board meetings with S.I. something of an art form and it was a real shame to not employ his skills in situations that called for it most.
After Pete left later on that evening, Tony returned to trawling through JARVIS’ code with FRIDAY in an attempt to ignore the plucky resolve clawing its way across his ribcage. He lasted exactly four minutes before his attention was solely focused on the more immediate issue at hand.
He waggled his fingers at T'Challa and let the window roll-up. He settled down and Thor's thigh squished comfortably against his.
It wasn’t often that he could come so fast from penetration alone - and Steve wasn’t even aiming for his prostate half of the time, the bastard - but Steve was commanding and using his body expertly, overwhelming without breaking, and the shocking appearance of a wave of his orgasm was coming hard and fast and his spunk was going to shoot over the side of the building to the ground below and
(Most nights he carried Tony back to bed. He couldn’t when Tony was twenty-one, as he had outgrown Jarvis’ strength, but the man stayed with him until the early hours of the morning when he was ready to collapse with twisted grief regardless of the presence of a bed in the room.)
“Brother!” Thor roared, his tumultuous voice rattling the cutlery on the kitchen table. He held out a hand and in an instant Stormbreaker was in his grip. He stormed towards the South-bound window, looking out to the pastel blue sky beyond.
Tony kissed him to hide another smile and Steve moaned into the touch and the possessiveness from earlier reared its head again.
Tony whirled to attention. Not because a voice called his name (something so quotidian it hardly registered as anything more than birds chirping), but because that voice was intimately familiar. It plucked at some long-buried memory, poorly stored and fuzzy due to age and a lack of continued recollection (tainted, too, by the unreliable hum of drugs that glazed over many a memory from years long past), which was enough to pique Tony's curiosity.
It began to rain as Tony made his way back to the workshop - streams and fat droplets poured down the windows he passed, already overflowing from the gutter above. The noise surrounded him as he walked, cushioning his steps through the empty hall.
He cleared his throat and smiled up at Steve briefly, reassuring, before he turned his back and wandered the living room, poking and prodding at anything not bolted down.
"Tell me one day why you did it," Tony requested, admiring Steve's jawline. His concentration was starting to fade as the days without sleep, exceedingly high dose of caffeine, and the crash of high-strung emotions finally caught up to him. He wanted to rest.
Tony heaved a lacklustre sigh without consciously meaning to. He peered over the top of his turquoise sunglasses to the others to check he hadn’t drawn attention to his flagging resolve.
Happy met them outside the building's entrance and opened the door to the car for Tony. He ducked his head with an amused snort and bundled in the back with Thor and Steve following him after saying their goodbyes. He poked his head out of the open window, the arm of his shades dangling between his finger and thumb.
Tony waved a palm over the screen of his StarkPad, effectively hiding the program he had running that tracked FRIDAY’s progress with JARVIS. He settled the tablet onto his lap and directed his attention to the cursing bundle of beef tucked beside his hips where he sat against the headboard.
With some relief, Tony nodded sharply back and felt closer to Steve than ever at that moment. Steve wasn't being difficult. He was giving him the floor - this opportunity to unload the twist in his heart that had been present ever since they defeated Thanos. Perhaps since 2012.
“So. What up, Cap? Bomb buried somewhere in the building?” It was cliché and virtually impossible to get past the security systems in place to successfully pull off a stunt like that - not to mention the leagues of twitchy assassins checking the perimeter at every conversational lull - but Tony made a habit to expect the unexpected.
“Yes. I want you to decide when,” Steve replied firmly and Tony really was enjoying this whole being-on-the-same-side thing.
Steve stretched him to three and he whined brokenly, sweat dampening his shirt until it clung flush, cloying, to his back as Steve maintained ultimate control over his pleasure. His pace was relentless and punishing. Violent, if one ignored the precision Steve kept and Tony knew he was very far from using his full strength.
Steve’s mouth went dry at the thought. His instinct was to say no, to offer something more heartfelt and gentle. But, the frustrated part of him that wanted Tony to stick with the team and follow orders appreciated the appeal of stuffing his prick past those smirking lips and demanding his full attention. This was his stolen gift; they could do whatever they wanted.
“What did you think about, huh? When you looked at me in paper stars and stripes and just wanted me in your bed sheets?” He goaded and he maintained a firm pressure against Tony’s twitching erection under his palm.
Steve looked away with his brow furrowed and angry, somehow deep in thought at a time like this. Steve looked like he was gearing up for a fight, but something shifted and now he relaxed his stance into a stoic position. He looked back and searched Tony's tumultuous features - calculating, cataloguing - then he met Tony’s furious gaze full-on, not shying away, and a wave of silent understanding seemed to pass between them. The same understanding that had been shared outside the facility when Tony returned to him the vibranium shield.
"I do," He agreed (easily, like breathing) and walked the last few feet across the room to stand within Tony's personal space. Stood this close he couldn't help but notice how small the other man seemed out of his suit. Normally Tony’s personality preceded him, filling the room with charisma and arrogance, hiding how vulnerable he could be if he let anyone near enough to look past the armour. Tony licked his lower lip, excited but wary, ready to misdirect depending on Steve’s move. "Maybe I need a fella with experience to help me out in this brave new world. Someone I can trust, someone who has my back... Know a guy like that, Tony?"
“Steve!” He yelled to the ceiling as the first wave of come splattered across his stomach. Steve watched, fixated as Tony’s straining untouched prick bounced with every deep thrust, every clench of Tony’s arse around him, shooting come in wet streaks over tan flesh. He maintained his brutal pace, fucking Tony to overstimulation. He fucked him until he couldn’t bear it any longer and pulled out quickly with a curse.
"Fuck, Rogers, everything. You really underestimate my imagination if you think I only thought about one thing,” Tony snarked, Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed down a groan. “But if you actually want me to shut up for a bit, I’m fucking great at sucking cock.”
He was led through to the old library and out onto the adjoining balcony. Tony had memories of dangling his stubby legs through the iron safety bars, and of Jarvis, who often perched with a book at the table overlooking the gardens. Both the table and iron bars were gone now - the latter replaced in the refit with stone pillars. The skeleton and floorplan of the house remained the same, but when Tony compared the reality to his memories the building was almost unrecognisable. It was, potentially, why hosting the evening hadn't been so forbidding.
Steve v.3.0 soon shook himself out of it and stealthily made his way out of the Tower, likely to return the Time Stone to the Sanctum, and the original Steve woke, clearly in a daze. He spotted Loki’s sceptre, spoke into his comms link and the STRIKE team were there in seconds to secure the Stone.
Steve shook his head, but said, “alright,” like he trusted Tony’s word, so he pulled Steve into a kiss so thorough that any further serious thoughts wouldn’t stand a chance to come between them for the rest of the night.
"Hey, Cap!" Tony called back, not at all fazed by his presence. J.A.R.V.I.S must have told him he had arrived. He waved his hand as if he was stroking something in mid-air and the volume of his music lowered. "Change your mind on my offer?"
“Captain,” Tony nodded, because they really did not have the time, and parted ways with the team heading to the roof. He sprinted to the hidden bunker which contained his very own intel ship, inspired by the Helicarrier - but much,
He comforted himself with the reminder that Ross was to be overthrown as the Secretary of State by the end of the whole process. That knowledge alone was what convinced Tony to play nice for a little while and soon they would be rid of the bastard. Tony had heard the person filling his shoes was a redhead that had voted against Ross’s continued employment after the blip. Today was just a formality. They could get through one mind-bleaching meeting.
"Alright?" Steve asked, voice rumbling like nature and rounded with sleep. He held Tony steady. His hand rubbed reassuringly against Tony's waist, searing a brand into his flesh. Perhaps it hadn’t only been the densely woven sheets that had stirred-up a heat comparable to Afghanistan.
The hand disappeared and Tony felt it as Steve began to jerk the sizeable portion of his cock that had not made it inside him and Steve managed a few long indulgent strokes before he began to take his pleasure wholeheartedly. He resumed the fast pace he had maintained while finger-fucking Tony moments earlier and his hips stuttered, pushing the head of his cock in and out of him by mere increments and Tony understood. Steve was going to jerk off inside him until he came. He was going to remind him, undeniably, of how much of a whore he truly was for Steve’s cock - all while barely touching him.
“Fuck, yeah, crystal,” Tony breathed, wetting his lips. He untangled his fingers from Steve’s and used one to support his weight while the other pressed firmly to the expanse of the chest under him, tracing breaths.
“No,” Tony bit out, frustrated. He chewed the side of his thumb. He thought of the footage of his past self (his original-self?) hunched over his worktable, isolated and fearful.
Tony had never been the type to hide: when he saw a problem he found a solution. He infiltrated a terrorists’ headquarters without a working suit or official training; he built Pete an A.I. of his very own, to keep him safe because he was never going to stop being Spider-Man; he built E.D.I.T.H., understanding that maybe one day all the Avengers and all the Kings’ men wouldn’t be enough to stop the apocalypse.
“Yeah, I’m still trying to figure that one out,” he trailed off, waving a hand. He didn’t want to know the truth behind Fury and Carol’s friendship; it was much more entertaining to make stuff up. His current favourite hypothesis was that she helped him get out of a drunken Vegas marriage and they took the road trip of a lifetime together to get back home. “Doesn’t matter, I’ll leave him hangin’ next time. Toodaloo.”
Tony turned his eyes to the crew jettisoning themselves from the ship up ahead, the drones following their safe landing into a goose infested clearing.
"It suits you. But you should rest," Steve firmly said and Tony thought fondly back to the days before the Accords when the good Captain would find him awake in the middle of the night and force him to eat protein bars or send him to bed. Maybe Steve had cared back then and it was him that had been too scared to open his eyes and see it.
Tony’s rigid verbal fumblings were cut off as Steve looped their fingers together. With both hands, Steve held on tightly to him, then drew them to rest either side of his head alongside the pillow. Steve wasn’t shying away from the augmented arm; he trusted it, trusted Tony, and opened himself up by adopting a submissive position beneath him. Even Steve’s prick seemed to be on board with the new circumstance, pressing hot and wet against Tony’s inner thigh. It forced Tony to look into the shine of Steve’s eyes in the dark as he spoke, “Your prosthetic is not a turn off for me, Tony. Even if it wasn’t earned during a selfless act, or if you decided to not use it at all, I wouldn’t be any less attracted to you. And if there are a few technical missteps, we’ll deal with them. Is that clear?”
FRIDAY called, but Tony barely heard her over the pounding in his ears and the breath rushing in his lungs. He shut the screen off, then closed his eyes for good measure.
A pause. A clenched jaw, unclenching. “I feel like I’m waiting for the other boot to drop. I thought about this every day since I got back - what I should have said to you. And now… It’s hard to let go of caution.”
Eventually, a large hand clapped Tony's shoulder and he replied, voice hoarse, “They were not my family.”
The goal had never been to bring JARVIS back, but Tony couldn't deny that was the hope. Trust Steve to know him so well.
They stopped shy, noses brushing against each other as they savoured the quiet of Steve's rooms around them. This moment was precious. Here, not even the sounds of late-night traffic could penetrate. Any trouble waking members of the Mansion were in would have to wait. Tony could feel the warmth of Steve's face against his own and it was no effort at all to follow that feeling; to kiss his friend again for the first time in over ten years.
Tony faced him fully and leaned against the workbench, lending to show off the length of this torso, hip cocked suggestively.
she said simply and opened up the window with plenty of time for Thor to twirl himself out into the city air and towards the waterfowl commotion.
He stretched out one hand to trace the bloom of colour when Steve caught his wrist and pinned it to the wall beside his head, leaving his arm akimbo. Hot like a knife, arousal sliced through Tony’s lower belly as his other wrist joined the first and again Tony was reminded of the power hidden below the soft caress of Steve’s thumb over his skin. He knew exactly how much PSI would be needed to snap his wrists and he precisely how much
“No,” Tony lied and made it clear he was dishonest by handing Steve a coffee; one-shot, four-parts milk, one-part cream, all sugar. It was ridiculously unnecessary but spoke of how well Steve had adjusted to the 21st century’s palate. And it wasn’t like Steve drank coffee for the caffeine, in any case. “I was fucking around, prepping for my meeting with Fury, then I found out that dear Pete made an Instagram account for Barnes last night. I’m not entirely sure Barnes knows; it appears to be mainly pictures of a drunk and disorderly Barton, anyhow. Look-”
“If you’re going to vomit please don’t do it here,” Sam grumbled to Barton, stabbing at his plate as he scrolled through his phone in his other hand.
Steve moved to stand beside him, his broad hand skimming over the small of his back before settling on his opposite hip. He pulled him close and Tony went gladly, only a little surprised by the strength behind Steve’s tugging. Steve had always had power brimming beneath the surface - he was so large, it was hard to forget that strength, even if he was doing something as tame as cleaning the coffee grounds out of the annoying nook at the back of the machine. Realistically, Tony should bump up ‘New Coffee Machine’ to top ten in his to-do list, but he liked Steve’s concentration face too damn much.
“I’m not his keeper,” Carol replied, crossing her arms though she smiled. “If you want his attention you know where to find him.”
"Well, if I had known it only took a few kisses to get you to roll over, I might've been tempted earlier," Tony joked, but he squeezed Steve's hand firmly, understanding the considered intention behind his words. Tony turned his attention inward, focusing on his current state of mind. He felt relief after processing some of the frustration that had been haunting him and still did not feel honest resentment towards Steve, but there was something that unsettled him. He pulled back from Steve, tone firm, "I don’t care that you did it, I care that you hid it from me. We can’t keep doing this. Steve, I can’t.”
They were both clearly fit and well and had been in each other’s presence on and off for the past 72 hours, but neither was this - in Steve’s words, not his own,
Tony snorted and wandered over to Parker’s place, giving a show of patting him on the shoulder proudly so he could reach around to steal berries from his bowl. “Excuse me-”
It was late evening by the time he built up the nerve and peeked into Tony's private workshop. He had been surprised that J.A.R.V.I.S let him past the security defences of the Tower, but either Tony was a lot more reckless back in the day or he trusted Steve much more than he originally thought. Bruce was nowhere to be seen - likely sleeping the evening away like any normal guy would do after a long battle.
What if Tony had wised up and called him: invited him out, dated him properly? Instead, he’d left Steve in the cold with no contact for months - just like he had after Thanos came to Wakanda. It was no wonder the other man was reluctant to communicate with him.
He was grateful that Tony was handling the situation so well because his past-self definitely wasn’t going to proposition Tony anytime soon. Not at all, in fact, if Steve remembered correctly. He felt guilt-ridden, too, because he had taken this moment while aware his past self was never going to offer this same love to Tony again. He had stolen this out of time moment from the universe completely selfishly. He felt ashamed most of all, knowing he was still undeserving of this Tony's kind regard. What he had done - what they had done to each other - they were still going to do. The fight and hostility weren't going away and he hadn't earned Tony's forgiveness - this kind of intimacy - yet.
He choked back a surprised laugh at the unexpected nickname. Had Tony been keeping that particular moniker to himself all these years?
He told Pete in person, partially because the kid never checked his damn emails, but also because Tony knew he was ready to be an Avenger - for realsies this time. Pete deserved to hear it in person how proud Tony was of him, so he said it out loud and clear. Past the rambling and the awkward way he patted the kid on the head like a five-year-old, Tony thought he’d done all right. Better than Howard, which was all he could hope for.
“Alright,” was Steve’s immediate reply and, just like that, warm hands began to explore the unclothed cooling skin above Tony’s knees. He stroked the flat of his palms over the lengths of Tony’s thighs, sparking heat between them like a match along a striking paper.
The team began to retreat; first Barnes, then Barton and Pete followed. Tony looked across the clearing and caught Steve's eye, the other man's expression a mixture of grim remorse, and Tony wondered what story his own features told.
And yet, that man still chose to fuck Tony's past-self, even after everything that happened between them.
It was indulgent fucking which took all of Steve’s control to not frot wildly into the other man and instead cherish the regretful stroke of his hips as he pulled away from the heat of Tony’s body. It made it all the more worthwhile as he pushed back inside, feeling Tony throb around him as he settled home. When he bottomed out he choked down a whine, strangling it into a grunt as he ground his hips into Tony, wanting to be deeper, as close to him as possible.
much faster than this,” he snorted - a high pitched rush of noise - and he grinned down at the faint yellow mark that spoke of a healing love-bite marring Steve’s otherwise flawless throat.
Tony couldn’t help the fond snort that escaped him, despite his out-of-sorts mood. He dropped his paper ball to the table and breathed out, long and shallow.
. He felt strangely at home among the cacophony of music and mingling and he joked with friends and schmoozed the rich with thickly veiled insults. He always had a reason to hate events like these; as a child, it was because they were boring, as a teen he wanted to rebel and spitefully distance himself from the Stark name and as a young adult he suffered the weight of the crown on his head. Despite the fact that currently, he would much rather be elbow-deep in the gut of Cap’s Harley-Davidson, he wasn't uncomfortable. Things had changed: the cause, the people, even the house and Tony himself.
Tony shut his eyes and rubbed at the space between his brows. A pair of strong arms wrapped around him and he sighed, leaning into the touch.
Plus, he was beginning to get a crick in his neck and the place where his left ass-cheek became thigh was decidedly numb. His cushy meeting pillow wouldn’t have let him achieve this damned fate.
When they finally made their way into the kitchen, the majority of the gang was there and in reasonably good spirits. Steve entered ahead of him and found his seat at the table. He lounged with his arm across the back of the chair before greeting everyone with a
in our own bed. You drive me crazy and I love it. I love you." He finished, standing up on wobbly legs and tippy-toes to kiss the other man sincerely, dearly, ardently.
With a grunt, Tony silenced the footage and let his eyes wash over the images before him. The third Captain America -
“That wasn’t half a bad idea,” Tony muttered. He was running on coffee, a traumatic realisation, and an excruciatingly dull meeting. Now was not the time for good, sensible, ideas. “You should convince him to confess. Don’t say we know, just
Tony moved carefully until he was braced over the top of Steve, resting his forearms on either side of Steve's head with a rustle against the pillow below. He kissed Steve deeply, tilting his head, and took the time to experience the man he had kissed so many years ago.
Tony’s brain helpfully supplied - and wasn’t that peachy? Now he had Elvis stuck in his head, on top of all of this bullshit time-fuckery and a strange blue Loki living under his roof. Tony would ask how his life had gotten to this point, but the answer was in full technicolour right in front of his very eyes.
“You just had to stir the pot,” Steve murmured, rolling his eyes to look up at Tony, but he laughed when Tony winked at him.
Most often it found him after particularly brutal missions or days spent apart without one another warming the bed and Steve needed to reassure himself of what he had not lost. In his vulnerability, he stood taller, stronger, and took care of Tony (warm baths, hand feeding, prostate milking) as though regaining that little bit of control reminded him of the steadfast nature of their relationship. Sometimes there was no rhyme or reason and Steve barked out an order and Tony would happily fall to his knees to follow the fun. Everybody liked being taken care of, but nobody more than Tony - and just his luck, Steve loved doting on him.
Tony was sick, very sick, but he would recover. The foreign alien medicine Captain Marvel gave him helped his strength and his living nightmare was finally over. He could rest. He could live life for the sake of living again.
Betrayed, because Tony hadn’t had the decency to call him the next day. Or the day after that. Or any day at all until the band formed back together for the Scepter. But with Cap fresh off the ice, Tony had been the one with knowledge of how modern relationships worked. It had been his responsibility. In the past, he might have been a one-night-only kind of guy, but by then Tony had changed. If Steve had read those tabloids he wouldn’t have known any better and might have thought that Tony had used him.
. Not like this. There was so much pain forming a gulf between them, battered and bruised and thick with scars. That was why Steve had fucked him in the past; to experience Tony Stark in his prime. His most generous, his most healthy. To forget all the pain that had come between them. To take a bite out of happiness before it had all been ruined. Steve didn't want him; he wanted the idealised form of a happy Avengers.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony’s hands and used the leverage to thrust deeply, grunting with satisfaction as Tony cried out from the powerful slam of his cock. He bounced Tony along the length of his erection, keeping a fierce hold as he ploughed into him. Tony’s body strained against his grip and his heels dug into the small of his back to meet him thrust for thrust. Steve moved to grip Tony's slim waist, pressing bruises there as he watched their point of connection - watched himself slam into his friend over and over.
Tony heard the zip of Steve's suit behind him and he was so close to the tipping point he almost spent himself because of a damn
There was a pause and a mutual shuffle as everyone decided to follow his lead and stand down. He maturely held his tongue and did not make a James Cameron joke (he'd save it for the kid). Instead, Tony let out a breath, his racing pulse beginning to slow, and he commanded the suit to flow back into his body - settling at home in his bones until next time.
"You're perfect," Steve praised, riding one hand under Tony's shirt to feel the hot sweat-damp skin of his spine. Then let go of Tony's wrist and pressed a kiss to the thumb-shaped red patch of skin on the inside of his palm. Steve removed himself next, vacating Tony’s body for mere seconds before a blunt bulb filled the space. It settled in until the flat base of the plug nestled between his cheeks. It was small, just ballooned enough to be noticeable, and did nothing to satisfy the emptiness.
“Your cologne…” Steve murmured to himself, breathing in deeply. “I’ve not stopped thinking about you, about that day. Whenever I saw you I thought of us. I never thought I’d have anything like this with you again.”
If Thor was calling a storm on the property, it was likely to be at least an eight. Tony had his hard-light shield up as he followed after the Hulk, Mark LXXXVIII materialising seamlessly to accommodate his metal arm as he rushed through the splintered and buckled doors -
In another universe, maybe the mission failed. Stuck in the 70s, would they have found peace with each other without this pain?
“Does that mean I actually won the bet? I had the last date in twenty-sixteen, so I’m closest,” Clint grinned smugly at the rest of them, looking a lot brighter with his arms crossed over his chest. “I
-  was already in the throes of dance with Thor ahead of the surveillance ship, lightning streaking past the periphery of Tony’s vision. In the distance, a bright golden glow was streaking steadily closer: Captain Marvel, making an entrance.
Tony repositioned himself so that his head was at Steve’s crotch and he settled flat on his back on the workbench. He reached for Steve’s belt and deftly unthreaded the fastening of his jeans and Steve helped him push the waistband down along with his boxers to his ankles. He didn't bother to kick them away. It was a filthy fuck in the workshop, after all.
“I’m on board for whatever this is, seriously don’t stop, but mind telling me what’s gotten your star-spangled panties in a twist?” Tony panted, shuddering against the wall. He was already leaning back in for a second kiss but caught Steve’s jaw instead as he answered.
"I must be flying high and you shouldn't trust what I'm about to say next, but... I want the wait. I want to get through the rest of this night with your come inside me so you can take me home and use it as lube when you fuck me
After that, Tony had made a point to invite Thor to his and Bruce’s weekly ‘old movies’ night. The god didn’t always turn up, but Tony didn’t expect him to. That was half the point. No expectations.
Tony thought, reaching out with both palms to touch flushed cheekbones. He felt adoration swell in his chest as he marvelled at the evidence of Steve wanting him, so much so that Steve had lost all pretences and descended into pure gut feeling without restriction. Steve wasn't perfect (he was stubborn, reckless, and was quick to anger) but he didn't have to be perfect. Tony wanted it all, unrestrained and unpredictable.
Bruce was transforming again as Tony turned away, olive-skinned and approaching the reunited pair quietly.
"Whatever you need. I'm not going anywhere," Steve agreed, deep and full of promise, and if it wasn't the middle of the night Tony wondered if he might've said
"Jay-" he gasped, tearing the neckline of his top downwards, ripping fabric with titanium fingers to get at his sternum. It was unnervingly bare, exaggeratedly expanding and falling concave without regard for his preference on the matter.
Tony’s lower lip dropped a little in surprise as he took in the man before him. He was indeed familiar, but ever so different from the man that he could remember in his mind's eye. Like himself, there was grey at his temples where there hadn’t been before, signs of age and wear set in over wrinkles around his eyes, too.
Rhodey pointed out he had a habit of drawing a target on his back in front of the world news, as had been his original plan. He compromised.
“That’s not the point,” Tony replied, although one day he would enjoy watching the bruises form and fade as they held onto each other.
“On it,” Tony replied, focusing the drones on to measurement and intel gathering. The pulses and waves of the water seemed to be randomized, but soon a pattern would emerge.
The want felt like an obsession, all-consuming, and he felt reduced to the empty space in his ass. A hole, needing to be stuffed and owned.
“Everyone calls me Tony,” he snorted and pressed his bare chest against the armoured faux-leather of Steve’s. “Only the kid calls me Mr Stark now.”
On one of his better days, in the second or third week, Steve had definitely visited and informed Tony and Peter that he was leaving to put the Stones back.
Maybe that was why Steve had been so awkward during the past few months; maybe he knew somehow that Tony still remembered - knew that his plan to steal the memory from him hadn’t worked.
"Well I sure do have a lot to learn about the future," Steve said, with a half-earnest smile. At this point, he would have only been de-iced for a few months and had not had sex in seventy years. Sex had a lot more tech involved now for him to explore - perhaps Tony would offer...
He slumped, kicking off the sheets that had overheated him. They twisted around his ankles, but the cool air on his body was a timely answered prayer. The weight pinning him down moved higher and revealed itself as Steve's broad arm wrapped securely around his waist. He tucked Tony neatly against the side of his pectorals. From this refuge, Tony’s bright eyes searched Steve’s face in the dark, but with barely enough light in the room to consider casting a shadow, Steve seemed impassive with slumber. If not for the way he turned his head to touch his lips to Tony’s temple, Tony might have assumed he imagined Steve’s move to secure his hold in the wake of his early-morning discombobulation.
"I wanted to apologize too for, you know, sort of insulting your whole everything on the Helicarrier,” Tony said, waving his hand at Steve. “It’s been just me, for what - almost four years? Has it really been that long? Anyway, anytime you need a team-up to punch a Nazi or two I'll find time in my schedule, Winghead."
It was gratifying to be together like this again, to feel the basic press of their overheated bodies together. Finally together, equal as they should be.
"We should explore this more," he said conversationally, as though he was talking about design specs. Steve cleaned him up and dressed him and Tony let him, feeling like a doll. At Steve's curious hum he elaborated. "This orgasm-delay, thing. Cock-rings. Cock-cages, if you’re feeling especially Captain-y.”
then drew him in once more with a hand under the small of his back. The worth of Tony’s name had never meant anything in comparison to the weight of meaning Steve had inflected into those two syllables.
he hissed and thrust again, slowly, shaking with the effort of controlling himself. He felt a squeeze at his wrist and looked down to see Tony pressing him deeper so his nose nuzzled against his balls. Tony was full, full of his prick, and arching up for more.
In all fairness - Tony reasoned, as Ross’ monologue once more faded into the periphery- he and Steve hadn’t spent much time together after the apocalypse that never was. Tony had been busy recovering physically and mentally for weeks after the final attack. Then, (as soon as he could hold a phone) he was pouring money into relief efforts, got the grid back online, reunited families, rebuilt homes. And not just the world’s, but his childhood Manhattan home - now the Avengers Mansion - had been gutted and fully refurbished to house the eclectic taste of the Avengers and Co.
"Tony," Steve began, but he waited for permission to continue. He was using the Captain America voice - the one he used to talk to witnesses.
Tony readied his repulsor. Thor and Bruce had told them all about Loki's change of heart during Ragnarok and the reclamation of his family name -
“You should know better than to listen to Rhodey’s stories. He always embellishes,” Tony said, eyes flashing as he rolled his hips into Steve’s. Oh yes, Steve was definitely still interested.
Tony sat up to a caliginous room with a whiplash jerk, brow sweat-slick and hand, numb, scrambling at his chest. Obie had taken the reactor. He couldn’t move, but he was drowning, all the same, each intake of breath more shallow than the last. JARVIS was in pieces,
Once he was up and about, Tony and the team were so tremendously busy trying to fix everything going on in the world that he barely saw anyone beyond shared meetings and passing over the Mansion threshold.
There was a pause and Tony wondered if Steve was running tactics, considering his words and Tony’s potential responses to all options. Or, just as likely, he was surprised that Tony had honestly answered his question at all.
“Nothing, really. Fury was just on my ass. Probably wants Iron Man airborne again,” he said, shrugging. Steve made a noise of understanding and the rest of the drive passed quickly as Tony absorbed himself in his phone. He heard the pair talking about the upcoming meetings, but all he registered was the bass rumble of their voices in his chest.
Steve’s hand touched the metal of his wrist. The sensors told him it was warm in temperature and affection. “I’m not goin’ anywhere, not if you don’t want me to,” he said and his mouth tasted like sweet coffee when they kissed.
Steve had left them to it with an awkward goodbye, feeling very much out of place. After Ultron, the Accords, Siberia... Their fledgeling friendship had been beaten bloody. Thanos had brought them together as a team again, but it could never be the same. They had their trust back - shaky and tender, easy to bruise, painful to hold - but Steve had lost the privilege of the other man's companionship. He couldn't blame Tony either; Steve knew fully that he did not deserve his friendship. They were back to teammates and he could live with that. Just knowing that Tony was alive, recovering, and didn't look at him with eyes full of rage - or worse,
"That's very generous of you," Steve replied sincerely. He needed the other man to know he was appreciated - needed it down to his soul.
and Tony wondered if he was afraid of caging him. His arm around Tony’s waist didn’t feel like a restraint. “I'm sorry I ever made you feel that you didn't."
He settled with his back to the bar around nine, playing with the chain around his neck absently as he pondered how soon he could get back to the bike project. Ideally, his presence wouldn’t be required once the clock struck eleven and the trip home wouldn’t take longer than half an hour. He had to factor in someone interrupting him, but that left a reasonable three hours until he could feel the concrete of the garage on his bare feet and grease smudging his forearms. Two and a half, if he was hopeful. Which was as good as only two hours, really. And in an hour he would only have an hour left-
“Show me again,” he instructed, leaning in to watch frame-by-frame as the two Tony’s stopped their synchronized movements to divide their attention in two opposite directions. Once more, one Tony continued to work while the other was distracted and pulled away.
“Huh, that's a start. No access to subsequent observations or protocols, I see,” he hummed. The news was promising and meant JARVIS hadn’t been completely lost; the cells were alive.
“Thank God that’s over,” Carol muttered, shoulders tense around her ears. Tony liked her: she was self-assured in a way that a lot of people outside their group didn't like
“It’s not that deep,” Tony dismissed, waving his spoon at the other man. “It’s almond ice-cream, I’m allowed to have more nuts, it’s the same thing. Let me enjoy this.”
Tony caught his gaze and stretched out to grip the far edge of the bench above his head in self-imposed bondage. The artful position showed off the muscles in his arms, the glare of the arc reactor, the hollow of his stomach, his leaking prick and his balls swollen tucked close to his shaft. He squeezed Tony’s balls, hot and throbbing under his palm as he fucked him with the full length of his cock. He used his other hand to hold Tony’s hips down, keeping him still so he could thrust into him roughly as they both wanted.
