At that, Dean pouted and when Cas hung up, he whined, trying to hold Cas down, “No, stay in bed with me.”
Dinner was delicious and perfect. Dean decided to flick water at Cas the whole time and act innocent while he did it. Cas glared at him until Dean looked away, that’s when Cas took an ice cube and chucked it at Dean’s head. The face he sent Cas was priceless. They had to stifle their laughter to avoid the bitch faces the other diners were sending their way.
“Um… guys?” Charlie and Kevin desperately flipped through the cameras. Charlie’s heart felt like it was beating in her throat, “I can’t see him!”
After the last bell of the day rang, Dean, Sam, and Anna walk to where Cas is waiting. They found him leaning against his bike wearing a black tank top covered with a thick red flannel and the same pair of ripped blue jeans. Dean’s green eyes traveled down his body a few times before snapping himself out of his trance.
"I'm a mess," Dean mutters, and tries to squirm out from under Cas to... to... he's not even sure, because he doesn't want to let go, and he doesn't actually want to move from where he is. He feels Cas smile as much as he sees it, because Dean's having a hard time looking him in the eyes right now.
Cas resolves the problem by telling Sam to drive the car he took (Jimmy's). Dean will take Baby, and Cas plans to take Amelia and Claire back in Amelia's car (taken when the demon had her). For some reason, it never occurred to Dean that Cas could drive. But he's been a human for several decades, of course he can drive.
That night, Castiel prepares for bed, like normal. Like before. He puts on the comfortable clothes. He pulls the blanket over the backs of his shoulders and goes for a warm, soothing drink, and then settles sitting down on the edge of his own bed.
Uriel smiles, sweet as poisoned pie. "Don't worry, I'll kill him gentle." He cracks his neck. "Them, I guess."
From here, from down here on the floor, those open blue eyes can't haunt him, and Cas's body is still and cold aga—
"Michael," Cas growls. There’s more than a little angel intonation echoing behind it. "You weren't invited."
Cas sneaks both hands around, sweeping down the back of Dean's boxers. He squeezes. "Yes?" he answers, innocently.
Uriel's fist flexes and yeah, that definitely pisses the guy off. Next to Dean, Sam throws him a surprised look. Yeah, Dean hasn't really talked about all the things Cas told him. Some of it is too painful to even start to pick apart. Besides, it’s not like Dean can even explain how he knows, just knows, that a thirty-something-year-old religious studies professor from Illinois is the one who rescued him from Hell. Even though the timing of it makes no fucking sense at all.
Cas's expression is gentle. He doesn't take his other hand off Dean's shoulder when Dean straightens, still snickering a little. "No. It's not magical or supernatural." He nods at Jimmy's own hand, where a thick wedding band rests. "Or at least any more magical than any other symbol of devotion and commitment, I suppose."
Dean has already had the chance to do this once, and he's pretty sure he memorized every second of that lazy morning on that king sized bed. Cas, however, has only spent a short amount of time with his hand on Dean's dick. While Dean wouldn't trade what they've already done for anything, it still seems a shame that Cas's long fingers and curious calluses haven't spent more time around his cock.
It all takes a minute to really coordinate. Dean's still on edge. Though the cliff receded slightly while he concentrated on Cas, he's still not far from it. Eventually, Dean figures out that he can leave his fist mostly still and let Cas fuck into it when Dean's thrust carries them forward.
Dean suddenly discovers an untapped reserve of patience. He keeps up his careful rhythm of slow bobs and deep, rolling presses with his finger against Cas’s perineum while Cas sorts out his words. Cas starts to shift his hips back and forth—short, careful nudges up into Dean's mouth on the downstroke, little wriggles back against his finger on the way back up.
"How're you doing?" Dean asks. He's done the ‘come back to life and freak out his family’ thing. Been on the other end of it, too, come to think.
"It's Chuck." And now Dean's wide awake. "Uh, do you know where your brother is? He told me he'd shoot me if I left the house without him, and I really need to get some more whiskey."
He feels Sam's gaze on him when he and Cas touch like that, but fuck it. He knows, now, and Dean's not taking his judgment. Especially not since he compared Cas to
But there's something hurt and shaky behind his little brother's eyes, betrayed. Because Dean’s reckless as shit, but Dean's also always been the one who's hauled Sammy back, who's stood the line. Dean knows he’s protected Sammy from himself—even when it looked like Sam didn’t need to be protected from the monster under the bed, because he
The blanket is not his wings. Castiel knows this, but it has weight and substance and comfort. He didn't used to sleep, either, so perhaps this is a comfort he needs; the nightly tossing and turning settles almost immediately as the blanket presses down on him.
Cas's hands freeze on him briefly. His forehead knocks gently against Dean's shoulder. "That's a lovely thought."
Dean closes his eyes and wishes himself anywhere but here. Anywhen but here. Two days ago. Six months ago.
“Which he would… never… give…" Crowley words slow down to a crawl. He stares at all four of them, and all of their relaxation, horror dawning slowly on his round face. He pulls his hands back out of his pockets like he’s not sure what he wants to do with them. "Are you bloody
The confusion runs off into a wicked hint of amusement. "I gave you a ring," Cas says, running his thumb in slow circles around it. It almost makes the skin just above it more sensitive—tingling. "If I have thought about how it could benefit you in a fight—or how nice it might feel on my skin as you touch me—then that is just good planning."
The sound of Cas moaning shudders through Dean's body, and he no longer cares what's coming: he just wants it. Needs it. Possibly can't live without it. Cas pants against his skin, kisses his shoulder sloppily, and pushes his hips up with so much ferocity that Dean feels it down to his toes.
This time when Cas moves, still holding Dean's hand, it's to come into his eye-line. He looks determined, fierce, and his eyebrows are set with a small crinkle between them. His free hand reaches out to touch Dean's cheek. "If there's one thing I will always remember, it's that choice is a precious commodity. Please let me have this one. Please leave me mine."
Cas uses that hand to guide Dean down against him, settling their hips together. Slotting them, and they fit. It's not quite comfortable, with both of them still in jeans, but it's
"Not that kind of conversation," Dean says, seriously, to Castiel’s relief. Dean’s smile is still there, bright, but dimmed.
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but really, Bobby makes good points. Dean’s so used to running off to help Sam, before and after anything and everything. He forgets that it's not just him and Sam against the world: that he doesn't need to do things alone.
Cas's chest heaves as he catches his breath. "Sorry. Sorry. Not today. Too—" but he shudders a little like the very idea gives him pleasure. Dean can sort of relate. "Too complicated. For now. But I have an idea."
"All right. So, uh, what's the big demon problem you told me about?" Sam looks at Bobby expectantly, but his eyes go wide and panicked when he sees Bobby's hand on the door.
"Do not leave your house," Dean instructs Chuck and then he hangs up, handing the phone back to Cas. He takes one last deep breath and then pushes himself upright. This time Cas lets him go. Dean takes a moment they don’t really have to appreciate the wrinkled angel in bed with him. "What was the name of the damn hotel Lilith was supposed to be at?"
"It's awesome," Dean says, grinning. His eyes catch Castiel's, and Castiel smiles back. "You're the best."
But the signal's moved on by the time they get to the hotel—goddammit—and Dean's eyes are starting to blur with exhaustion as the hour swings past midnight.
For a brief moment, he really wants to say 'angel jizz' because Sam deserves to have that burned into his memory for this bullshit. Dean refrains only because it's
If asked, Dean would say that finding things to talk about that have nothing to do with hunting would be nearly impossible, but they manage. Cas talks about him and Jimmy against the world, twins that no one could tell apart despite their obvious differences.
So Dean sets himself and does it again. And again. Until Cas is a gasping, arching mess, Dean’s belly so wet with him that if Cas weren’t still hard enough to poke a hole through the mattress, Dean wouldn’t be a hundred percent sure that he didn’t already come.
Cas gets up enough steam to wash the rest of himself, and it makes Dean more and more sure it's not just that burst of grace that he used that's left him this shaky. Before they get out of the shower, both of them pink and flushed and clean, Dean cups his face. Leans in and kisses him, under the spray. Some of it gets into Dean’s eyes, and he blinks it away.
Cas smiles at him and his fingers linger on Dean's skin before pulling away fully. It occurs to Dean that Cas is looking as excited and nervous as Dean sort of feels, and that somehow takes the edge off Dean’s nerves. Dean doesn’t really care about what’s ‘normal’ and ‘not normal,’ and he’s never gotten any sign that Cas does, either. For some reason, that takes a lot of the pressure off.
Dean manages to clamp his mouth shut before Sam looks back up. He doesn't manage to stop glaring at Cas before Sam catches him at it, though.
Charlie rubs her knuckles against Dean's hair and he only play-fights her off--they all know Dean Winchester isn't likely to be held down by any human, and most beings, if he doesn't want to be. "The blanket, you morons."
While no one’s home but the crickets, Cas leans in and presses a soft kiss on Dean's chin. Then another, another, slowly making his way up to the bolt of his jaw. His hand continues to trace the lines of the handprint before carefully aligning to press against it. He sighs deeply. "Oh Dean. I can’t believe that you’re real... I can’t believe this is real.”
Dean blinks back, startled. He's not as dumb as he knows he lets on, he knows, and he knows a lot about sex. But... "Uh... no, actually."
He sighs. "Fine. But we're finding a motel or something after, I am exhausted. I need my four hours."
Dean doesn't expect that. He doesn't even really have a way to process how strange that feels, how good, before the sweet, achy tingle of pressure behind his cock takes over with a vengeance.
But maybe Dean's not as good a liar as he thought, because Pamela turns. There's something that's almost a laugh curving her lips when she says, "You're lying."
"Because I love him!" Dean bites out and then almost staggers with the weight of his own confession.
"C'mere" Dean murmurs and they're kissing again, only this time their bare skin is touching and it's, blasphemously, heavenly.
"I'm so glad you're safe," Castiel says, and the sincerity of it rocks him. He sounds like he means it.
But Dean still needs to do one thing. He rolls before Cas can take his usual position as the prettiest gargoyle protector Dean's bed has ever seen.
Cas smiles a smile that promises a lot of things; Dean thinks he might just be ready for them. "Well, first, you have to take off your shirt. And then," Cas leans forward and runs an index finger down Dean's breastbone. "Then, I'll thoroughly mark you up."
Cas falters briefly. He tugs on the edges of the coat he’s still wearing in an awkward fashion, his shoulders rolling strangely. "My grace, it's what… powers angels? It's energy and essence all rolled into one. I think—I hacked it off of me—"
Dean shudders, forehead dropping to touch Castiel's. "That..." his voice cracks. "That sounds fun. Just maybe not tonight?"
"Two Winchesters—" he winks at Dean "—love your work by the way, you're now part of the training montage—a barely functional alcoholic and… an... angel?” But he says that like there’s some sort of a question about it, and turns to look at Cas more closely. “Well, aren't you a curious one."
For a long moment he watches the rise and fall of Dean's chest, hypnotized. Sleep threatens to overtake him again and Castiel considers letting it. But Castiel watches Dean's chest take a much larger breath than usual and he panics, freezing briefly before shutting his eyes tightly
The skin there isn't any different from anywhere else, of course. Why should it be? But Castiel thought that about Dean’s neck, too, and that feels wonderful...
No one has ever accused Castiel of lack of perseverance, though, so he squints. "Do you talk to people in your nightmares?" he demands, archly.
It's not much, on the scale of things they get injured by. Barely anything. But maybe he's gotten so used to the idea of Cas being someone who doesn't bleed, who doesn't bruise. Who Dean doesn't have to worry about, because he's a fucking angel and he'll throw down.
“Cas,” he says, softly, and trails off. ‘I’m sorry’ doesn’t seem enough. Isn’t that like someone telling Dean he can never get behind Baby’s wheel again?
The fact that Cas is all but dripping onto him with every little thrust is just a bonus. Dean really hopes Cas is gonna let him know when to stop, because otherwise, he's just gonna keep going. "Should I..." he asks, because Dean's got big hands, but even he can tell that his two fingers are nowhere near the size of what he's got in his pants.
Sam goes to poke at it. It's not a threatening gesture at all; in fact it's the most brotherly thing Sam's done in a while.
Dean wiggles his left hand, clenching and unclenching where he knows his pinkie finger used to be a little crooked from an old break, but it isn’t anymore. "Thanks for that, by the way. There's some aches and pains—" he sucks in a sharp breath as Cas lifts up onto his knees, leans over with his back a long, muscled line and one hand set beside Dean’s thigh, and kisses one of Dean’s kneecaps. "—pains that are gone."
Cas gifts him with a tired smile and a gentle ping along his consciousness. Dean nods back, unable to really express exactly what he's feeling.
He's not sure what he can't, because Cas gently eases off and up, going back to gentle little bobbing strokes right at the head of him. Dean almost whines. Up until he realizes the hand Cas had stroking the back of Dean’s thigh has moved up, midline. Right through Dean’s boxers, Cas starts gently petting and weighing the tight pull of his balls against the cup of his palm.
Sam, even as white and limp as he's looking, manages to pull up a pretty damned good smirk. "I'm willing to bet he hates Lucifer more than he hates the idea of letting one crunchy soul go... and wouldn't Lilith being a smear on the floor be, like, our bonus addition?"
Pamela works quickly, gets Cas laying down on the cot. Once he’s down, lying stiffly on his back, she sits next to him, talking in smooth tones. It's all business with Pamela once she gets going, and that makes Dean's shoulders relax ever so slightly. Bobby mentioned going to her when Dean first got back, maybe get some answers, but then Inias popped up in their lives and everything went to shit. It’s good to know she seems to know what she’s doing.
—and it sounds like he wouldn't've been, if Heaven got hold of him again—Cas has also been through Hell and back for him. Literally.
"I felt alone," Cas finishes. His hands clench around the fabric he's holding, and then they drop to the table. He looks down at his fingers like he isn’t seeing them. "I was very alone."
Dean nods, the release of a tension he hadn't even known he'd been carrying just wiping him out. "Yeah, okay." He rolls over and fits his body into the shelter of Cas's. He only has a brief moment of thinking about how hard that was, to say ‘okay,’ before he passes out.
Cas blinks down and at him, but he nods with a little more energy; Dean takes that as a win. He disappears briefly into the bathroom to start the water and make sure there are supplies nearby. With all the goop and gross shit he and Sam have had to wash off themselves, they've gotten into the habit of carrying small travel bottles of Dr. Bronners liquid soap (it can also do laundry in the sink in a pinch) as well as a supply of Goo Gone. Hotels like white shit so they can just bleach the crap out of it when cleaning, but it does sometimes make Dean feel a little bad about how often they outright destroy the washcloths and towels.
Adam has two helpings of dessert, though: cookies and vanilla ice cream with a pour of “Claire’s” homemade fudge. (It’s unsweetened bar chocolate melted and mixed into condensed milk, but the kid makes it herself, and it’s really damned good.) Amelia looks like she's going to put a third cookie on his plate if no one stops her, so Dean offers to do dishes and wash pots to get her attention off the kid.
But instead he slowly puts one piece on at a time while Dean watches. Dean had no idea that he’d like watching that, but fuck yeah, that is awesome. Truthfully, he could just as easily head out before Cas is dressed, but he's not quite ready to go out there and face everyone alone. Cas doesn't call him on it, though.
That gets a snicker out of Dean, too. He turns to bury his face in the little messy spikes of hair just over Cas's forehead, his lips pressing into that little crease between Cas's eyes. "You're fucking awesome, Cas," he says, and the burst of well, love, that's sticking in his throat makes his voice even more hoarse than it was a second ago. Then he grins. "So are we gonna try out every surface on Baby, or what?"
"I dunno, is that good?" Dean asks. It's meant to be joking, but it doesn't come out sounding that way.
more like a little brother, so there's that. Also the fact that Michael appears to be letting Adam peer out over his shoulder is a point in his favor.
No, just to check in. Just to say "Hey, we're good" or "had the damned best milkshake, you gotta try one" or "Sam glued his fingers to his hair, wonder how that happened? Heh."
mentioned something about that a time or two… or ten... but both Cas and Dean vetoed it. Dean would have been sort of insulted that Jimmy's okay with the idea of setting Sam up when he was so against
Dean Winchester. I'm sort of surprised he didn't jump you in the back seat of that big car of yours the moment me and Sam got out." His eyes narrow. "But you… you didn’t know him. So what’s your excuse for the shotgun wedding?"
This was one of those chapters that we were both excited to write even from the planning stage, and gosh, it was fun! Here's hoping it answers at least some of the questions some of you might have, and that you enjoy it half as much as we did!
Cas, though. Cas gets out and immediately turns to trace the line of the Impala's back window down to the body of the car, one finger moving along the glass, the shine of chrome, the deep black of her paint job. He looks rapt, briefly. His smile is small but heartfelt.
The little girl gives Dean a serious look. "Can we go home?" she asks, her voice high and thin, but steady.
But all of a sudden he's not dangling all naked and sexy off the end of the bed, he's twisted up on his side in the center of it. His head is resting on the firm muscle of Cas's thigh, still wrapped up in his pants. His chest hurts, his whole freaking face hurts, and he feels like he can't get enough air.
"I… haven't, um. When I thought you were..." Dean trails off on the admission that he’s been living like a fucking—nonfucking—monk for the past few months, and swallows past a lump in his throat. He's got vague notions of what he might want, yes, and some ideas, but very little practical experience with guys outside of a couple of handjobs. Cas is also not some one night stand, and that somehow makes it different, too. "I'm, uh, not sure my fantasies even know where to begin."
"They'll ward it, but likely not very well," Cas says as they head back to their most recent motel, one much closer to the convent. "For one, they need Sam and Ruby to find it without too much trouble. But for another, Lucifer is still technically an angel, even if he is twisted and malformed by now. Most angel warding would affect him as well."
The smirk fades off Lilith's face like someone grabbed it and pulled it off, like taffy. A second later, demon pours screaming out of the mouth of that poor dental hygienist she's riding.
Cas's eyes are blown, and he's starting to pant a little, too, looking into Dean's eyes like they're a lifeline. "Yes," he agrees. "A pillow under my hips, maybe, but... like this."
This time, there's a bag of chips and another bottle of water wedged near him. No cooked food. Dean sips the water and eats the chips, mechanically, one by one. They don’t taste like anything. Sam peeks at him in the rearview mirror at the crunch and the crinkle, but, thankfully, doesn't say anything.
Amelia, the saint that she is, lures Michael into the kitchen. After his taste of warm chocolate-chip cookie, he appears intrigued, and goddamn, Jimmy better know how awesome a wife he bagged. Because Amelia is really fucking awesome.
Cas has that knowing look aimed at him, like he knows Dean almost bit off more than he could chew but he's not going to call him on it. Dean’s grateful, but it reminds him that all of those things he's been putting off for a better time are just waiting to clamor for attention.
Amelia asks how Dean likes his eggs and toast and Cas goes to pour two mugs of coffee. One, he sweetens and lightens significantly, the other just a hair, with a splash of half-and-half. That one goes to Dean; he takes it without even looking up from the newspaper he began scanning out of habit.
Dean sips his shitty coffee and checks up on Sam's progress. He's moved on again, but compared to the route he took before, it looks like a straighter line between him and them. Dean wonders about the detour, but he's not actually awake enough to think of all the worst possible reasons for it.
Dean breathes out into the truth of that statement, but the thing is, he knows Cas too. It's a little blurry and piecemeal, but Dean just knows things about him, sometimes. They fit together, even in the awkward ways.
"You naked is entirely too enticing," Cas answers, very solemn. "You should come with a warning label."
It's not that sex solves problems; Jesus, Dean knows that it doesn’t. It's that they both just took a bit of a whirlwind tour of each other's emotions. Dean never knew someone else's joy could taste sweet on the back of his tongue, but it does. Or at least, Cas's does.
Dean’s so startled at the first jet of come hitting his chest that he stops moving right where he is—which works out just fine, because Cas freezes when he comes, his ass pressing hard into the cradle of Dean’s hips. Or at least, he freezes for just a second, mouth open, his whole body one long taut line of pleasure. But the way he grips onto Dean
"So," Bobby says, "what then? Sam calls her up and pretends like nothing's up? We just cross our fingers and hope she comes through with the information without thoroughly screwing with his head again?” He shakes his head. “And what happens when he doesn't want the blood? Or needs to woo-woo out a demon in front of her?"
"Your menace," Cas murmurs, like he’s hearing Dean’s thoughts. "Only ever yours. Nunc, et semper, et in saecula saeculorum."
When he comes out, Cas is still slumped on the bed. He must have put his face into his hands, because there's a smeared line of blood across his cheeks. Dean hasn't seen him looking this hopeless in... ever, and it's starting to sort of scare him.
Dean sighs into Cas's chest. "You really think we're gonna do this, huh," he mumbles. “We’re gonna beat ‘em. We’re gonna stop it all.”
This time, it's Cas who puts out an arm in front of both Dean and Sam, whipping up fast enough that the sleeves of his trenchcoat snap. Dean's a little surprised Sam puts up with being stopped. Dean almost doesn't.
Dean slides off the hood only to stop and lean against it. Cas looks small and alone and Dean wants to—well—he wants a lot of things and they're all overwhelming.
"Yeah," Dean says, and puts his hand over the top of Cas's, forgetting briefly they’re at the table and in front of Bobby. "Look, no one drinks that shit voluntarily unless they think the world's ending."
Dean looks like he's struggling with the answer--why that would be, Castiel's not sure: it's a simple observation, isn't it? But finally, Dean replies, "Um... no."
He finds Cas and Bobby nose-deep into books that are large and ornate enough to no longer be considered anything but lithographs. (Look, Dean’s a hunter; he knows what a lithograph is.) Cas glances up as Dean steps into the room and immediately slides a few unneeded inches over to make more space on the couch—a quiet offer of comfort if Dean wants it.
"I'm sorry," he says, and he means it. Dean's never been alone, not really; not that way. There's always been Sam. There's always been girls. There's always been
After the third time Dean gets caught staring off into space instead of his book, he gives up and goes upstairs. Maybe a long hot shower will help. Well, as long a shower as Bobby's ancient water heater can manage.
When Cas pulls back, his lips are pink and wet, his eyes are sparkling, and, most importantly, probably, he’s holding pretty much Dean's entire weight up against the wall like it's nothing.
Castiel looks down at himself, confused, but pleased. "I thought those were vestigial," he murmurs, then realizes it's the first time he's spoken in awhile.
Cas's hand on his shoulder is an anchor: it keeps Dean grounded, keeps him from floating away and down a river of sensation. It's warm and solid, but also it zings with pleasure every time Cas's fingers move to find a better grip. The sleeve is just a bit too tight to allow much free movement, though, and Dean is about ready to say ‘fuck it.’
Cas relaxes a bit. "When I warded you, I did things… a little differently than standard warding. My Name is on your marrow, Dean, and so it will remain unless I efface it from you. No angel can fly with you against your will… and…” He breathes in. Breathes out. “No one can ever take you as a vessel for as long as it is there. Not even with your permission."
The door clicks open; Cas's expression is amused and rueful as he holds up two key cards. "The manager was a little confused that we had already gained entrance, and decided that we must have registered earlier when the system was down," he announces, chuckling. "He will look through the records, but I didn't have to put down your card."
Michael looks at him. "It shouldn't be, not with this much grace in the mix, but I suppose I should get used to things like that." He takes a step back, probably as a courtesy "Though you might keep out of Fate's way for a while. She's quite… miffed at you derailing all of her plans like that."
"Please don't shoot me," Cas says, weariness leaking from the words. "I already hurt more than I care to express."
Something about him just falls flat for Dean. It's like Agent Monroe's trying too hard to impress him. Hell, maybe Bobby put too much of the fear of God into him.
Dean doesn't stop what he's doing—Dean doesn't think he could stop, not with the sound of his hand moving in long pulls on Cas being answered with a stroke on his own cock in a perfect echo. But he does manage to say, "Cas... sweetheart, what's with the firefly...?"
And that's the sound of Dean's brain going offline. The way that Cas just suddenly leaves that straight-backed angelic posture and reserve, and just softens right into humanity, will never not be hot. He shudders and grips the dirty rag in his hands so that he doesn't reach out and mess Cas up with grease.
"It's my fault," Dean says. Because it's true. Even if he didn't know for a fact, he... maybe, some part of him
Dean plasters his thumb over the receiver and thunks his head down on Cas's chest. "I'm gonna kill him," he whispers.
His hips rut down against Cas's, because he just can't help it, and Cas lets out a small, interested sound against his skin that should
There’s something wrong with calling him ‘just a man,’ though: it’s like an undersell. He’s wearing a black coat over what looks like an ill-fitting funeral director's suit. (Dean wants to know, what the hell is it with the bad suits?) The tie is silver-gray and patterned, but subtly. But none of the weirdness is the clothes: there’s something old and ageless about him, something just a little
!” Dean agrees, heartily. He keeps back his flinch as Sam starts poking through the evergreen’s branches. He’s pretty sure Sam’s not going to knock off any of the delicate glass ornaments: Sam’s gentle about it, for all his size.
Jimmy's not impressed by that. Thinking back, Dean's not that impressed by how he said it, either. Dammit, he's not good at this. Give him a sweet-smiled mom to charm any day, not someone's grouchy big brother.
"God," Death corrects. "He was quite… miffed… at first. Oh, you were absolutely supposed to have a chance, I suppose. Humanity and their free will.” He shrugs with just one shoulder. “It's what God likes about the game, after all, but free will to beings like us is simply a bigger assortment of possibilities to watch play out. Not... something genuinely surprising."
He eventually lets Cas’s cock go—Cas whimpers a little, which is the tiniest, cutest little noise—and pillows his head on the crook of his clean elbow. He just pets Cas's hip until he's not shaking anymore, and the little gasps he's making over Dean's head have settled.
It suddenly doesn't seem so far-fetched, the notion of a home that doesn't have four wheels and a combustion engine.
But he keeps going, carefully touching the damp corner of the rag to every bloodstain on Cas’s face, on his hands. Dean straightens his trench coat, and swallows at the sight of the missing buttons. He’ll wrap Cas in that coat, inside his shroud. He thinks Cas would like that. Would have liked that.
"In his head." A second voice, from the other man, joins in. It's higher pitched and so tonally different that Dean starts when he comes close enough to see fully. He’s wearing slacks and a button-down, but otherwise? The two guys are pretty fucking identical. "He says he hears them in his head." He stares at Dean. "Holy Lord in Heaven. It’s... you? You're
Cas catches Dean as he stumbles, dragging him easily towards a nearby table. "Cas?" Dean rasps, leaning against it. "How the hell do we fight all of Hell
It's not like Dean doesn't know vaguely what Cas did. Even without the occasional interest in the whole thing, guys talk. It’s usually pretty ‘phobic, but whatever, he's heard things. So he knows the prostate is there somewhere and that's probably what put stars behind Dean's eyes both those times. He's just not quite clear on the anatomy of it all. Especially from this angle.
Sam just stares stonily at him. His lip curls up in a sneer that, hell, looks more like something that belongs on Ruby rather than himself.
"You know," Dean says breathlessly once the shirt has disappeared from over his head and Cas has settled back down on top of him. "For what it's worth, I can make you sweat pretty damn well." He licks one glowing patch of skin at the edge of Cas's hairline.
"I think that obviates the point of keeping watch," Cas answers, but Dean feels those lips press against Dean's forehead.
Michael reappears. He looks contemplative when he nods to Dean and then wanders off side-by-side with Cas, who’s already looking more pinched (and more like Jimmy) than normal. Possibly he’s already anticipating Michael asking him all sorts of embarrassing questions. Yep, Dean is going to enjoy hearing about that later.
Jimmy is not impressed with their story, especially because Dean avoids the topic of Cas completely—well as much as he can. If Cas sent them here instead of coming himself, there’s probably a reason. Maybe it was because he's not ready to see his brother yet.
Dean couldn't stop if he wanted to, and he definitely doesn't want to. His stomach and abs are so tight they’re on the verge of cramping. There's a slow buildup of pressure just behind his balls, which are tight and aching but in the best of ways. Cas looks just plain lost, dissolving into a kind of desperation that Dean loves.
Dean didn’t need Uriel’s reaction to confirm it. He’s kind of expecting the asshole to hit him. Bring it on. Dean doesn’t care that angels are being murdered. He doesn’t even really care about Alastair, not anymore. Out of sight, out of mind. Dean’s not shocked they can’t break the demon. What’s Inias gonna do to Hell’s best torturer, hide behind Uriel at him?
Bobby coughs, and then hacks off a loogie to the side while Dean watches, his eyebrows up. Crowley crinkles up his nose, looking grossed-out. Sure, Dean's made deals with crossroads demons, and he's killed one or two, but he's never done this bargaining shit before.
Cas gets the first look out of the window; he tenses but doesn't immediately turn back and warn them, so Dean thinks maybe this isn't—
The demon doesn't want to talk, partially because it really doesn't know much. After more pain that Dean's comfortable admitting he had very little problem inflicting, they get one piece of information.
Never one to turn down an opportunity like this, Dean's legs bend a bit behind Cas, getting his feet flat on the bed for better leverage. "Okay," Dean says, unsteadily. "Happy to oblige."
Sam looks back and forth between them, but even Dean's naggy little brother seems to know better than to comment. "What exactly are we looking for, Castiel?"
By the time he gets them into the shower Cas is shivering a little and Dean spends long minutes just rubbing his arms under the hot water. Cas blinks the water out of his eyes; it clumps his lashes together and plasters his hair against his head. Dean realizes he's never seen Cas wet before, and he immediately likes the look of his skin like this:warm and damp with a pink flush from the shower.
Jimmy stares at him. "Help." He doesn't look delighted at the prospect. "You come here... you come here, to my home, you expose my family,
Bobby's got his listening face on. He looks to Dean, squeezes his arm. "I'll go look up if there's a metaphysical bandage we can whip up, then.” He only sounds a tiny bit sarcastic. “Why don't you stay here, talk to Cas a bit more."
Dean blinks and Cas is next to him again, pulling him close. Dean positively melts into it and he doesn't care one bit whether he should, or shouldn’t.
"They talk about you all the time." Castiel—it has to be Castiel, right?—says, softly. He takes a few steps closer. "I feel like I know you. But I didn’t know it was
Cas has a dimple in his cheek. It flashes when he grins, the corners of his eyes creasing sweetly. How did Dean never see that before now? "Hmm?"
"Sure," Dean breathes. He can't imagine Cas would ask anything of him that Dean wouldn't be willing to give.
, what the hell is he…? But Dean doesn’t even have the brain to finish that sentence, not when his whole body is blazing with connection and he thinks his feet left the floor.
In another time and place Dean might find it fascinating. He could always use a stronger devil's trap.
, and their whole thing is still tender and new. Dean hasn’t had much in his life to protect that’s just
The beautiful stranger looks down at Uriel, spread-winged at his feet, like he doesn't even recognize him. When he raises blazing blue eyes to Dean's, Dean expects this figment of his own damned imagination to not recognize him, either.
Dean's door is cracked open. It's probably the only reason Castiel hears the groan of "No..." through the hallway. It has a chewed-off, bitten quality, like it's pushed through clenched teeth; like it was never meant to be heard.
Dean smiles into the hollow of Cas's neck before slowly pulling back. He turns to find Bobby offering them each a much cleaner, nicer glass than normal, each one with about an inch of amber liquid inside.
"Yeah?" Dean turns his head to find a slim redhead standing behind his shoulder. She's not even the type he used to dream about. Not nearly buxom or naked enough. Hell, she’s wearing a suit. Dean really didn’t have much of a thing for suits, until, well...
"Look, I know he's wiretapping your angel chats or whatever, but that ain't a reason to gank him." Dean's gesturing behind his back to Sam to get the twins
Cas's thumb traces soft circles on the sensitive skin of the inside of Dean's thigh. It makes his back arch into the next roll of their hips and he shudders at the pressure in just the right spot. Cas kisses him again, long slow drags of his tongue matching their slow dance.
Castiel blinks. “Oh. No, I wouldn’t know how to do that. I think…” he looks at the smears on the mirror with a weird kind of calm. “I think that banished them. Sent them away. I hope, far away.”
Honestly, when we got to this point in our writing I was like "Yes tia, we are almost there. It can't be more than 15k from here!"
Well, no: Cas throws his head back and barks out a laugh. "I warded him extremely well, Anna," he says, between chuckles. Dean spins around and sees Anna stumbling back, looking entirely flummoxed, staring at her own hand like she’s not sure it’s attached to her. "He's anchored to
Dean has to take two or three deep breaths before he can talk after that. "That last bit there doesn't sound like my body, Cas," he says, quietly, but he pets at the dark, damp hair resting just under his chin. He knows the pattern of someone fighting to get something out.
Until he realizes Cas is raising his hand to his lips, studying the little drop on the tip of his finger. He licks it away, his tongue moving slowly over the curve of his knuckle.
"The angels are talking about you," Deep Voice says. "You were in Hell, but they pulled you out. Some of them have a lot of faith in you. And some of them don't like you at all." He takes a few steps out of the sunbeam, and his outline finally resolves into messy dark hair, five o'clock shadow on a crisp jawline, and eyes so striking Dean might actually lose his breath a little.
Before Cas can finish pushing up into his usual protective positioning, Dean grasps his chin and pulls him close. Forgiveness was never not going to be an option for him. For them. He knows he’s going to forgive Cas eventually—even if he's gonna stay mad for a while. So he kisses him, slow and sure, deep and meaningful. That's also something else Dean can do. Cas sinks into it, a tiny noise of surprise escaping his mouth.
"You aren't allowed to laugh," Cas says, crossly, into his shoulder, but Dean can feel the quiver of his lips, too. "It was
Castiel would never dream of invading Dean's privacy, ordinarily. Also, he has no desire to be shot. But the second noise that he hears is pained, wordless, and too familiar.
But if Dean's the one holding him back, like Sammy says—then he'll keep holding him back. Because fuck this apocalypse crap anyway, big brothers are supposed to keep their little brothers from doing stupid shit that might damn their souls. Dean knows exactly what that's like.
Cas doesn't push into his mouth at all—dammit, he's so sweet—and Dean just holds the head of him on his tongue, enjoying it, everything about this. When he rolls his gaze up Cas's body to see how he's doing, Cas is watching him.
A street preacher in front of the Century Hotel, holding a thin, ragged placard saying "Have you made time for God today?" leans over towards him. His eyes are clear, and a little too bright.
Dean gives it a few minutes, stroking idly down Cas's back, feeling him breathe, in and out, slowly but surely.
"No," Cas confirms. "Before I fell, they told me everything that we were doing was according to His plan. Maybe some of it was—at some point. But now?" he gives both of them a rueful look. "Let me put it this way. Would any benevolent being in their right mind leave
Because Cas is gone, and he’s not coming back. Dean knows that. That same fucking blue light that Inias just threw easy as anything at Alastair? Killed him.
The gentle, sucking kiss against the middle of it, right into the center of the handprint, makes Dean's fingers clench tight enough on the bench seat that his nails dig right into Baby's backrest. "Cas," he whispers. "Fuck, man, what're you—"
This time both Bobby and Sam stare at him. More than anything, Dean wants to divert their attention away; hell, he wants to tease Sam about his bad taste in men. But he can't.
Cas looks up at him, his eyelashes dark and shadowed. "I could heal this," he offers, softly. "I think I have enough."
Michael reaches out and takes one. He looks at it like he's not sure what to do with it, but he finally says, "Thank you."
Sleep hits Dean hard. The last thing he remembers is Cas's happy hum as Dean gently scratches his scalp.
"Dean?" Cas says, raspy and deep as he settles into the space between Dean's legs. Dean doesn’t remember parting them; that probably happened when he started to get hard.
Castiel is reasonably sure he dozed off with the appropriate space (is there such a thing? He thinks so) between him and Dean. But when he stirs, his cheek is warmer than the rest of him, and his fingers are tangled in cloth.
"Oh really?" Crowley puts his hands in his pockets and purses his lips. "I don't know where Lilith is, and I'm not willing to put my ass on the line to figure it out, not even for a soul. Or even a few of ‘em. Not a good deal." He stares at them, shaking his head as if amazed at their stupidity. "You don’t really think a demon is going to help you, do you? Are you mad? After Lucifer breaks out, any demon that was fool enough to try and stop that glorious event will be the first of our kind to die screaming."
Sam's looking at the ceiling again, and his eyes are somewhere else. "What if there aren't any good guys?"
Bobby takes the long box from him. When he slides it open, his eyes go wider, startled in a way that Dean hasn't seen in a long time.
Cas is gently banging his head against Dean's shoulder, though. "He's going to ask me questions," he whispers. "I know it."
That becomes really fucking abundantly clear when he sits up, alive and breathing, and sees the blood soaking the edge of Pam's shirt, pouring down onto her pants, making splotchy puddles along her thighs.
Though that might be fun one day. When there wasn't a cantankerous old man and Dean’s baby brother between them and a bedroom and shower.
Chuck stares at them, wide-eyed but bleary. "It wasn't supposed to happen like this," he announces. It's half accusatory, half awe.
Cas is still looking over his shoulder, eyes still calmly skimming the words. "If this is the same Anna, then yes. She was our garrison leader for a time, and quite probably your type."
"Just rest, Dean," Cas says, quietly, sitting down on the edge of one of the beds and already reaching for a light switch on one of the little bedside lamps that are the only things illuminating the ugly floral wallpaper. He bends over to rummage into the duffel for a knife. "I'll ward the room and keep watch."
"I can think of a thing or two," Dean answers, his eyes skimming down Cas's back and lighting on the way his boxers stretch over his ass.
. Dean can’t even come up with something smartassed to say to that before Cas ducks down and starts going to work.
Jimmy stares at it, and then stares at his twin. Dean’s pretty sure they’ve never looked more different.
So yeah, Dean's a sap, and he stands up from the bed and walks over there to do up Cas's tie. The slippery thing goes through his fingers, back and forth. It's cheap polyester, same as all of Dean's.
But he doesn't give Dean a chance to respond before he licks a stripe up him, from where the zipper teeth meet at the bottom all the way up to a teasing flick right off where Dean's cockhead is already trying to salute through his boxers. It's just barely pressure, just barely warmth, a tantalizing hint of wet. It's not enough, but that doesn't keep Dean's cock from leaking into the front of his boxers.
Exhaustion, sweet and heavy, instead of dark and bitter, rolls over Castiel. He yawns. Dean follows him onto the bed, chuckling softly.  The night doesn't seem like a dark and fathomless empty tunnel. Instead, it's warm and soft, and full of Dean.
That night, Cas slips his shoes off and even undoes his tie. Then he pulls the blankets up over Dean to tuck him in, and slips onto the bed behind him. He doesn't slide under the covers with Dean, but that's probably more to do with the fact that Cas takes his nighttime guard duties very seriously.
(He's so blissed-out still that he’s not entirely sure he'd notice if the roof fell on his head, actually.)
Dean doesn't say much else, he's too caught up in his delicious eggs and watching this other family, this whole and complete family, just… be. He can't tear his eyes away actually. Amelia kisses Jimmy’s hair before putting plates in front of both of them; pepper on hers, none on Jimmy’s. Claire asks for seconds.
The second kiss starts as shy as the first, a dry press of lips, noses bumping softly. It still accelerates Castiel's heartbeat.
Dean pauses. "Uh... You... Uh." He scratches his head, absent and sleepy, and it leaves him ruffled, softly towheaded again. "You got a side you like? Normally this one's mine," he points. "But, y'know. Your blanket. So."
Dean, not into him. It’s not a comfortable feeling. Especially not since Dean has a pretty good idea what he’s looking at: Cas has possessively fiddled with the area often enough that there’s pretty much no doubt where Cas’s name is most prominently stamped on Dean’s bones.
Dean takes the bags and sort of stares because he's not used to people just taking this sort of decision away from him like that. Dean knows, if he really put his foot down, got loud and mad about it, he'd get his way, but he doesn't really want the fallout from that sort of moment. He looks upstairs when an especially loud thump makes itself known.
He sounds a little startled. Dean wrenches open eyelids he didn't even realize that he'd closed. "Cas?" he says.
Wait. Something smells like breakfast. What? Bobby can sort of make things, but a real breakfast isn't one of them.
The next thrust knocks a tear loose but Cas closes his eyes and arches again. "Dean." He groans again. "Just a little…" one more thrust "…faster?"
"Need?" Cas shakes his head. "Not currently. Later, I may." There's something there that Dean can't quite read yet, though. He doesn't think Cas is hiding anything from him on purpose, but there may be something he just doesn't want to talk about yet. "Will I enjoy eating, still? Perhaps. I haven’t tried it, I'll have to see. My grace is…" he looks at Dean with the fondest look he's ever seen—a little tip of his chin sideways, the barest curve of a smile. "It's different around you."
Cas eases his finger in slowly. Dean's aware of every bump of pressure as it gets deeper, but it's good. It's so good all he can do is pant against Cas's neck and try not to shake out of his own skin, both hands clutching tightly on Cas’s shoulders.
It turns out that knowing Crowley's name makes a lot of the other stuff moot. They might not even need a crossroads with the right summoning. There is, unfortunately, not enough time to work that out. Instead, they plan and pack as much holy water as they can carry, and enough spray paint to draw ten times the number of devil's traps than they might need.
Dean makes himself comfortable on the old couch in what might be considered Bobby's study. Bobby hands him an open bottle of Margiekugels. Dean gives him an eyebrow and assumes there's holy water in it, but fine. He chugs a good half of it before putting it down. "Ask," Dean says.
It's distracting enough that Dean realizes he's been standing there for the past few seconds with his flannel dangling off the tip of his fingers, and by the time he's down to AC/DC and his boxers again, socks balled up in his boots, Cas is sitting up at the head of the bed, propped up by the headboard—both of his legs outstretched and neatly together, his back straight, not like he’s about to tuck in for the night.
Cas arches an eyebrow and sits up straight, and Dean almost feels his own lips curve into a smile as his eyes spark brighter. "Well," he says, his voice low and confident, "Actually, even as early as the Aztecs the idea of giving one’s heart to Huitzilopochtli was considered a great honor, and a guaranteed ticket to glory. While most studies have shown the fallacy of the willing victim in Greek historical sacrifice, if you consider, too, the idea that Buddha’s past lives represented—"
"You're super easy to tell apart," Dean comments. The confusion about it will never make sense. It’s not even a
Dean's getting ready to slug the asshole anyway when he feels the pressure change that signals Cas's entrance. He knows it now: it comes a half second before the wingbeats.
He's about to storm back up towards their room when Cas holds the flip-phone out to him on the palm of one hand, still with his shirt draped open around his shoulders.
Dean, because fuck it, Sam deserves some teasing, smiles. "I've been told I'm very restful to lay next to and stare at for several hours at a time."
Dean grunts. "Yeah. The demons want him, and they're not screwing around. I mean, he says he knows the score of the apocalypse, right?" he continues, watching the lane lines flash yellow in flickers out of the left side of his windshield. "And that's not just 'Girl Interrupted,' that's... I mean, well, where do I go after busting out of the nut-box?"
, Cassie, so excuse me for noticing!" He pales. "Wait. It's not some kind of... tracking signal on you, or something? You can take it off? It's not—"
Dean manages a shaky laugh, and nudges his chin over Cas's shoulder because he really doesn't want to separate. He feels good all throughout, now. Yeah, he's fucking exhausted. It's not like any of their problems are actually gone, and if he closes his eyes for too long it's probably gonna be tomorrow when he opens them again.
Sam finishes holstering his gun. Dean didn’t even realize he moved to stand beside him. "So, you... talk to angels?"
"Maybe you like touching just the head?" Dean keeps going, giving Cas a couple of strokes that end only a little bit below the flare. Cas bites his earlobe and returns the favor, and Dean can't stop himself from rocking into the short, sharp, teasing pulls. Cas ends it with an equally short, sharp suck on Dean’s earlobe. Holy fuck, that should not feel like it's his dick getting licked.
Dean doesn't remember exactly when those times were—when John Winchester must have been spending baseball games with Adam, teaching him poker. 'Dropping everything, driving all night' when he found out he had another kid.
Bobby doesn't look impressed, either. "If you really thought that, ya little toad, you wouldn't even be botherin' to bargain. So what's it you really want?"
"Yeah, sweetheart," he says, hoarsely. Looks Cas in the eye, so there's no way he can doubt it. "Show me?"
The fact that Cas knows to do that makes Dean's heart flutter.  Cas strokes softly at Dean's side, a contented hum nearly purring out of him. "I'm not, anymore, you know,” he murmurs into Dean’s chest.
Dean laughs, a little hysterically. His safe sex lectures were mostly ‘don’t get her pregnant’ and ‘if it burns, go to the clinic.’
It's a good hug. Cas has one arm around his waist, petting a hip, and the other across Dean's shoulders—pulling him in tight, tucking Dean into the curve of Cas's body. Cas’s chin hooks over Dean’s shoulder like it was made to fit in that spot.
Dean should be frustrated by that, but he’s too distracted to feel needy. He's very sure no one has ever kissed their way down his balls before, not like this, and it should be more hilarious than it is hot. But then Cas has made his way down Dean’s thighs, and that gives Dean his first little nip of teeth, right where his leg joins his hip... okay, damn.
Cas's shoulders stiffen and his jaw clenches. Dean knows whatever he's struggling to say is going to be a doozy. "I… rebelled," he bites out. "Because Heaven was—is wrong." Another sharp breath seems to push out of his nose. The words don't seem to want to come out; Dean suspects it's the company more than the content. "The why… it wouldn’t matter to them. That they’re wrong. They won’t change. But because I rebelled? In their eyes, I am no better... than Lucifer."
look at him, and Dean gets the impression that Cas is letting him see something that other people can’t—though what exactly that is, Dean’s not exactly sure.  "Well," Crowley eventually drawls. "You
Dean tucks the blanket back around his shoulders and lets himself go back to sleep, his head rattling where it rests at the crook between Baby’s back seat and a window. The eventual conclusion to all of this is going to come way too soon, and Dean's happier to be asleep than to be awake and feeling the way he does. Right now, it’s the only thing that he can do. Even the nightmares are better than living with the reality right now anyway.
"When I rescued you—" Cas sucks in a breath and Dean sucks on a patch of skin at the edge of his rib cage. "It was at the end of a protracted battle..." Dean licks around the sweet curve on the underside of a pectoral muscle. "I was injured, and so were you. We—" Dean hums along the right side of his collar bone, kissing into the hollows. "We held onto each other rather tightly."
"Fuck," Dean breathes, and Castiel thinks that he's never heard a curse word that sounded more like a prayer. "That's so hot. Goddammit, Cas, you're gonna ruin me."
After dinner, Cas still gravitates towards Dean seemingly without thought, still smiles at him for no apparent reason other than he wants to. He’s still there and present for the conversation, and even cracks an occasional joke. But Dean is counting the minutes until they're no longer around other people. He's not sure what he wants more, for it to come faster or for it to never come.
," Cas promises, smiling and sitting back on his heels. "Well, other than the ones you already have." His head tilts, and he looks genuinely curious. "Do you like them? Hickies?"
Dean has no idea if that's because this is just what Cas likes, or because of their ‘profound bond,’ or what it is, but damn. Oh, damn, Cas is so wet that Dean maybe didn't even need the spit at all.
Dean's really only got a few settings in a situation like this, though: punch it, charm it, or asshole it.
Cas turns his face back to look at him, and murmurs, "I see you," with his eyes hooded and happy. He bites down on his lower lip and his eyelashes flutter when Dean's next thrust takes him in. "Dean, I want... I want..."
It isn't Hell, and Dean doesn't "have to" anything. He can't say it; he won't. He touches his shoulder under the covers.
But he's still not prepared for Cas closing his lips over what must be the tip of the thumb, across the soft inner curve of the inside of his bicep, and
Dean's breathing is still shaky when he lifts back away. He tears his gaze away from dark blue eyes, and it’s a whole lot harder than it should be. "Cas, man, what the hell is this?" He can't not ask at this point. He can't pretend something isn't happening, because that would just be wasted energy.
"No," Cas says, his voice very quiet. Dean didn’t say anything aloud, but, well, he didn’t have to. "Probably worse."
It takes a second—he's very distracted, okay?—to realize Cas has started mimicking his movements. When Dean twists gently on the upstroke, Cas gasps and thrusts a little against Dean’s palm... but then he repeats the motion on Dean and it's fucking fantastic. Okay, okay, he can play this game, this is a great game. Dean loves this game.
Eventually, they wind up under the blankets. This time, Cas is resting on Dean's chest, his hair tickling at Dean's nose. Dean settles his fingers into it; he’s not sure why, but the way Cas nuzzles into his chest makes it clear that he doesn’t mind.
Dean slams the sketchbook closed and meets Sam's eyes through the window. If that's pity Dean sees there, he's going to punch him.
Cas licks his lips and nods, a barely-there movement of chin and cheeks. "S-sometimes. When I need something but don't want to get too much."
Cas flips through the first few pages, eyes moving across the words. “There are two Lazarus characters in the New Testament,” he explains. “The first is a parable of a beggar who is taken to Heaven, to a place of comfort and rest. The second was the miracle of Christ raising the dead. It was what made the priests and Pharisees decide that Jesus had to die.” He arches an eyebrow at Dean again. “I’m not sure either of those suits the current situation, and certainly, no one ever asked what either Lazarus thought of all of it.”
Dean smiles tightly. "Well as long as you're not about to thank me for trying my hardest. Participation trophies suck ass."
Okay. The thought of Cas using, um, the stuff in that drawer, solo in his bed? Dean doesn't even know how to deal with how hot he finds that visual, and his whole body trembles a little.
Dean doesn't even really register that he's coming until he's shuddering, spilling all over Cas's hand, his belly. Though that’s partially because, oh,
Dean crosses his arms. He tightens every muscle—hugs himself, wanting to hold it all in. "Bullshit. It's not your fault." Those words are ripped from Dean's throat. "Cas, I'm the one who—"
"What was the point?" Dean asks. Cas fell for the love and beauty of humanity. Cool. But he's also a soldier, Dean's seen that. And Cas's fall might have been basically the ultimate protest against his winged dick overlords, but the way it went, it was also, essentially, meaningless.
"I don't think Death can be bribed, so we've ruled out ancient Greece and much of the Romans," Cas answers, seriously. “The Assyrians have something to say about it, though.”
Dean snorts. "Considering how often you try to get your hand on my shoulder, I'm pretty sure that's the pot calling the kettle black."
Cas takes them past all the other doorways to one all the way in the back. "We had an addition put on the house a while back, so I'd have enough room for office space back here. The additional ensuite was Amelia's idea, but she wasn't wrong about it being a good idea."
The silence from Bobby's side of the phone is unnerving. "Listen, Dean, I love you like a son, but you ever speak to me like that again and I'm gonna reconsider my stance on whooping loved ones' asses."
Okay, so on one level, the idea kind of freaks Dean out. He’s got a hysterical urge to ask if there are bases for gay sex the way there are in high school or whatever. He doesn't really know if his ass getting touched is going to feel good, and the whole business feels like it's just... more.
Jimmy rocks backwards like he's been punched, his head snapping back and jaw going tight. It doesn't make him look any more like Cas, and Dean still doesn't know how Sam can't tell them apart.
Dean lifts one knee and shivers all over as Cas's hands trace at the creases where his thighs go into his hips, fingertips catching at the top of the cloth again as he drags it down Dean's calves. Then Cas discards the boxers off the edge of the bed, and just... stares.
"Ouch," Castiel mutters, looking down at his arms—which are, okay, why the fuck is he covered with blood? As far as Dean knows the angels didn’t even make it to him!
Dean's staring down into his own lap, words barely making it past his clenched jaw. Almost like he can't believe he's saying it out loud.
Dean thought the feeling of kissing Cas was good. Great. And the feeling of Cas's cock, heavy and smooth in his hand? Fucking awesome.
Cas’s lost look fades, and he smiles back, letting his hands rest lightly on Dean's hips. "Oh, you know."
That lasts until he gets back to Baby. Bobby’s not back yet, probably grabbing something at the Red Robin whose sign is flashing a scarlet that hurts Dean’s eyes, but Sam’s got a hopeful expression on his face as he shoves a small cardboard box at Dean. Dean takes it with a frown. It’s warm.
Castiel wakes up alone, but not upset. He's better rested than he's been all week. In fact he takes a few minutes to stretch his whole body, arching his back and straightening his arms out. It's one of those human experiences that he'd never be able to explain or understand as an angel. The stretch is so good he misses Dean shuffling back into the room.
, the feeling of his body spasming and clenching around the fingers still gently curved inside him is unreal.
"I’m quite sure I can’t," Cas answers, weakly. "Not at my best, and especially not as I currently am. But I was betting on her not knowing that.”
Dean's still on the floor, and he's staying on the floor. The floor is nice. There aren’t any hallucinations, demons, or monsters on the floor.
Dean knows he should be doing something to help Cas along—something—but he's honestly too busy hanging on for dear life.
Sam makes a crooked, weird little noise that Dean doesn't know how to interpret, and hands back the paper and envelope. Dean doesn't look down at it as he stuffs his report card—Jesus Christ—back in. Cas will probably want to file it or something. Dean doesn't know what half of the papers in Cas's office are, but he knows that he's going nowhere near there when it comes time to actually
Sam tries anyway. The noise isn't quite 'clunk,' but the knife goes into Cas's arm and comes away without leaving any blood behind it.
Then again, he's pretty sure other people don't get a pop in their ears when a certain angel's about to fold his wings and land, either.
Cas's free hand follows the same path up Dean's belly, under his shirt and flannel. Naked was nice, it was very nice, but there's something fun about this, too. Dean almost complains as Cas sits up and lifts the rest of the way off him, settling himself with one knee gently nudging Dean’s thighs apart and his other foot on the floor.
Something in Dean's body unclenches. The last time sucked, but they got through it. Sam's gonna be okay, eventually. They all will.
Cas drops the bottle someplace nearby and leans back down to kiss Dean. The first few motions of his hips feel a little strange, until Dean realizes he's literally using his cock to spread the lube. That shouldn't be hot. Dean's hands drag their way down Cas's back again until they find the most perfect ass he has ever felt.
"Probably," Dean agrees. He's got a pretty good idea that Cas is talking about climbing off him and the two of them getting cleaned up. There should still be that packet of wipes by the bedside.
Cas gently pushes him down so that Dean’s back is resting against the mattress, but his legs are bent, feet still on the floor. Gravity does great things to them with the way Cas is still straddling his thighs, pressing Cas down on top of him, nestling them together in ways that Dean really likes.
And if Dean decides maybe being mostly dead might not be so bad, that it might even give him a break from this feeling inside of him? Then that’s no one’s business but his own.
Cas hauls him closer with that one arm around him. There's a thick thigh between Dean’s that he can rest some of his weight on—only that's not quite what Dean does. Instead he rubs, melting right into Cas's embrace, the arm at his back just helping him right along. If he couldn't feel Cas's own erection pressing into him, riding Dean's thigh, too, he might be more embarrassed.
Cas makes his way next to Dean, turning until he’s also leaning against Baby’s wide hood. There's about a foot of space between them, even if it doesn't feel like it. "Maybe I don't deserve to be saved."
Dean grins, shakily, giving him a long look up and down. There's no mistaking Cas for a woman, no way, no how—not even with one leg bent up the way it is now, the lean curve of his thigh making Dean's mouth water. The sleek lines of muscles and the little scattering of hair, cute brown nipples and the erect cock lying eager as anything on Cas’s belly and curved a little to the left, are really, really doing it for Dean. God, that's a damned vision. "Never gonna get used to the sight of you naked, sweetheart."
. This isn't a dream. It's sweaty, it's messy, it's so fucking hot, and the bed is squeaking loudly in protest under them as they thrust against each other.
Dean puts all of the things he can't say into that kiss: all of the words that keep getting caught in his throat, all of the emotions that are too big and scary to really take out and examine. He gives that all to Cas as they kiss, and when Cas eventually pulls away, he looks shaken, but in a different way. He smiles, small, but no longer scared.
Destiny isn't Dean's schtick, no matter what Inias says—hell, Inias may have been the first angel he ever met, but when the guy talks to Dean about ‘destiny’ and ‘Heaven has work for you,’ he doesn’t seem to believe half of what he’s even saying. Even
Dean snorts, but he's so relaxed he just lifts his hips when Cas's fingers stray downwards and into his boxers, feeling them get peeled away and off his feet. He just sighs and lets his feet dangle to the floor again... even though it kind of tickles when Cas kisses his bruised-up, scarred knees.
Cas smiles, shaking his head. "I can only make breakfast foods," he admits. "Any other time I was shooed out of the kitchen, very promptly." He reaches out a hand to Dean—a little shyly, Dean thinks.
” Dean jolts with surprise, but Cas isn’t done. “I said ‘no.’ I said ‘Heaven didn't know what's best.’ And then I mutilated myself to prove a point—"
Everything about it is spectacular: Cas's soft, sweet pants between kisses, the feeling of his zipper catching against Dean's shirt; Cas's hands and the way they're so sure one minute and then fumble the next. It's all so much and Dean's happy for every second of it. The soft cotton of their boxers blunts the feelings just enough that he’d do this all over again.
But he knows the answer. It used to live right under his breastbone and tingle on his shoulder. It used to make him smile when Cas cocked his head or squinted or sassed. It used to make him curl up in the hollow of Cas's body and say "fuck it" to anyone who called it cuddling.
The next time Dean checks the rearview mirror, the brothers have both dozed off, their heads leaning together like a pair of matching bookends. When they're napping like this—when Cas isn't looking at him—they look younger, though it accents the bruised shadows under Castiel's eyes and the way Jimmy's still frowning, twitching in his sleep.
"I dunno," Dean shrugs. There's a shiver making its way up and down his back that's probably not just the coolness of the night air. "Being an angel seems pretty cool. It'd be nice not to have to worry about broken bones. Or, y’know, bleeding to death." He gestures with his chin at Cas’s bandaged arm.
Sam looks up, and his face is serious in that way it only gets when some shit's about to go down. "Dean... You should really look at this when we stop."
Cas hasn't let go of him, not with either hand. But his expression is a little sad. "I did. Well... my body did." He blinks, slowly. "Oh, Dean, I didn't realize you truly thought... I'm sorry." The hand that was at his scalp slides sideways, and the palm that rasps gently against the stubble on Dean's cheek does feel a little different: callused, hard, not soft-skinned. "We'll talk about this more later." He looks meaningfully down at the ground just to the side of them.
It's not perfect, but Dean doesn't think it's all going to fall apart either. And that's a lot more than he had a few days ago.
Dean nods and chugs the last of his coffee. Cas presses against his arm as they pass each other, getting ready to go.
When Cas speaks again, his voice is quiet and soft and low. He doesn't open his eyes. "I may not know exactly why I chose to fall. But... I know that I'm not going back. Even if that means they kill me. Do you understand, Dean Winchester?"
So Dean does. He runs a hand down Cas's arm and laces their fingers together. "Hi," he says and when on earth he became such a goddamned chaste maiden Dean will never know.
"I really think I do," Dean husks, loving the small little shivers that run through Cas as Dean tries to remember the grip and speed he'd been shown just a little while ago. Well. Possibly not even twenty minutes, but definitely a lifetime, before.
"Hey." Dean flails at Cas’s shoulder, grabs hold, and pulls him up. "This is sexy time, not relax-me-into-a-puddle-and-sleep time."
Dean smirks. "Idle hands and all that." He pumps his hand slowly, watching Cas trying to glare at him and shiver in pleasure at the same time. For fun, he curls his fingers deeper into Cas’s crack, with another leisurely slide of his other hand up and down their cocks.
? This isn't funny!" through the door. He leans against the wall beside it and lets his shoulders sag. That's one thing, then. He doesn't feel good about this, but the other options make him want to retch, so... here they are.
"So I know you two have a lot you wanna get off your chests." Nick sits down on a nearby chair. "So why don't you discuss it? And whoever survives can be with me forever."
"Root cellar." Bobby nods towards the door, chugging the last of his coffee. "No angel wards on that."
Dean doesn't know when or if he's ever had Greek food, but Cas chuckles. "I think you'll like it," he tells him. "It's got a lot of lemon and spice. And yoghurt. We had a gyro" he pronounces it 'yee-roh,' with a little cant to his voice that Dean really likes "cart near my university that I went to for lunch quite a lot."
Except this time, he stirs afterwards in the dark. Twitchy, uncomfortable strings of sleep give way to a feeling of... something. A hand, or a pressure. Something comforting, like a song he remembers on the radio (and there aren't many of those).
in the shoulder to get the blood with the venom in it, he doesn't have to do much more than throw the knife towards the ground where Nick is. Bing bang boom. It's done.
Briefly. Then the hot, slick feeling of Cas's cock brushes past his knuckles and he gets with the program. He gives Cas’s one pump all by itself, the feeling of it slick and rigid, hot in the palm of his hand. Then Dean flexes his fingers and gets them curved around both of them. It feels pretty awkward at first.
In between trying to stop the apocalypse, hiding from evil angels, and keeping Sam away from a drug pusher demon.
There's also no good way to say 'your dead brother's maybe girlfriend except no, fuck, no came to me in a dream, and told me to come here.' Hell, he hasn’t even really explained it to Sam other than to say “Cas got a message to me and we gotta go.”
Sam makes a choking noise and Dean turns back to see his brother’s face do that thing he does when he makes a horrifying realization: jaw dropped, cheeks tense, and eyes wide. "Are you… are you
Dean licks his finger and starts flipping back pages. Something's different here. Something just ain’t right...
Dean's still having moments over having an actual mailing address that's not a P.O. Box in some podunk town. Also, he's fairly sure that it's the Religious Studies department secretary—yeah, ‘administrative assistant,’ okay—who keeps 'fixing it.' He's not petty enough to say so, though. It's
It’s not gentle, not like their first time, and neither of them’s trying for that. Cas doesn’t even look like he’d want that. “God, look at you,” Dean gasps. “Fuck, sweetheart. Should try this with the wards up.”
Sam starts in on a tirade about Dean's whiny ass feeling sorry for himself, and the frustration Sam has with how he’s gotten withdrawn and moody. Dean’s just started to get really pissed-off—what the hell does Nick want with Sam anyway? Just listen to him whine; Dean’s a much better choice—when something happens.
"I had no real romantic interest in anyone, anyway, but I also knew how my parents spoke. What they believed.” Cas’s whole body moves against his back in something that’s trying to be a casual shrug, and not making it there. “For a long while, I contemplated the priesthood. It would be a refuge against the thoughts I couldn’t escape, and would get me out of those awkward dates everyone kept trying to set me up on.” He huffs, softly, against the back of Dean’s neck. “How my parents eventually found out that I was—am—gay isn't important. But having been a student for my entire adult life, I didn't have much, and I was still financially dependent on them, then. It's part of why I was working so hard to graduate early."
"You can't kill her," she interrupts, her words tumbling over each other. She leans towards him like she can use her body to press the words in. "The first demon. The last seal."
Castiel has no idea why he blushes at that, too. (He hasn't figured out blushing yet. It doesn't make any sense.)
"But none of that's really anything we have to do, if you're not interested," Cas says, gently—maybe misunderstanding a little, with his grace all pushed in the way it is. He doesn't even sound disappointed. "And definitely not tonight."
with him, and God help him, Dean wishes he could  give him that. Dean’s not going to make a promise he can’t make good on, though, and Cas isn’t asking for one. But the other stuff? Some of that Dean can work with.
Bobby curls his lip. "You wanna sleep on the sofa again, boy?" He flicks his chin at Cas. "I already know this one doesn't really sleep, he already said."
As the sun begins to set, they drift closer together, words getting more and more hushed. It's not like the sunset of the night before, which felt new and promising. This one is a hunter's sunset, but it's the first one that's ever put this sort of pit in his stomach.
There’s no room for him to take a pause; Cas doesn’t take one. Cas's thighs shake under Dean's hands as he slowly lowers himself in one long and careful stroke, all the way down. Oh, God, Dean didn’t expect that—Cas settles against the cradle of Dean's hips like he was always meant to be there and Dean's already out of breath from the feel and look of it. He forgot how completely overwhelming it was to be snugly tucked into Cas's body, hot and needy, waiting for more and wanting
Dean stares, looking vaguely thrown before his scowl reappears. "Uh. Actually, yeah, sometimes--nevermind. That's not important. Look, you can't keep doing this."
, in the beginning, but, well, Sam's the smarter one, the better catch, and—probably most importantly, as far as Jimmy’s concerned—not out to date Jimmy's little brother.
"Charmed." He bows, tipping an invisible hat.  "Also, boys, you'll need to do better than a devil's trap spray-painted in the dirt to keep me." The wind picks up, and there’s something hot and dry and stinging about it, like the air off a forest fire.
Cas gives him a look of pure blue-eyed startlement that only lasts a heartbeat before he surges up Dean's body and kisses him like he's trying to lick Dean's soul out.
Cas, however, nearly undoes Dean. When Dean turns to apologize for betraying him, the words choke a little in his mouth.
They hit the local dive bar, get just a tiny bit tipsy, murder some yuppy asshole in pool, and walk out laughing just a bit. Dean feels a little lighter and Sam looks a little less shadowed. So it's only with a little guilt that Dean sends Sam off on his own.
From behind him, Dean feels Cas shove the hilt of his angel blade into his other hand. Cas can still hide his knife in some sort of multidimensional neverending pocket of a sleeve he wears. The cold metal of it brushes Dean’s thigh.
Dean watches, mesmerized, as Cas slicks up his own thighs and taint and balls. The sight’s so captivating that it takes Dean a few seconds to put it all together. Also, how does Cas do that, with the words, when there's all of
Because Dean's genuinely not sure, between Sam and Cas, who he'd let live and who he'd choose to die.
Dean knows he's right, but he doesn't have to like it. "I'm gonna check on Sammy," he growls, and stomps off towards the stairs. He pauses at the bottom, taking a deep breath. Dammit, for like half a second he thought they might have it: a way out without soul-destroying consequences. He shoulda known.
Jimmy's mouth goes tight and shaky. He squeezes out, "No, it really won't, because I’m the religious Christian nut; you hate the King James version, and you’re much more likely to quote Gurumayi Chidvilasananda just to annoy me. And if these guys are your James and John, I'm
Rather than the escalating pain in his shoulder that he was ignoring, sweetness wraps around him, radiating from his shoulder outwards. A tingling warmth covers him like a blanket and Dean's head
Cas laughs softly and looks down at his clothes. "Jimmy and I always used to trade chores. He did the laundry; I did the dishes. It worked out well for both of us." He shakes his head, and the edge of his smile is sweet and rueful. "It's... a little strange."
Death nods. "Yes. But it also put me into this great chain of events as well. I know what happens when Lucifer rises.” His upper lip curls, and the next bite he takes of the rib tears off a chunk. “He would be able to bind me, and use me.
Cas could barely register the deep voice flooding into his ears but he still whimpered, “No.” Over and over, Cas denied his attacker until he felt Cain grab his ass. Cas seemed to snap out of the daze the blood loss put him in.
Cas shoved him away from her, very hard, “Didn’t you learn your lesson, asshole?” Cas was having absolutely none of that tonight. He pulled out the switchblade he kept in his jeans pocket and held it up to Alastair’s throat, “Stay the fuck away from my sister.”
After returning their skates, they drove to the Roadhouse and ordered hot chocolates and warm sandwiches. It was exactly what they all needed after a long, fun, freezing day. When Dean and Cas were done eating and waiting for Anna and Sam to finish, Cas wrapped his jacket around Dean’s still-cold body and snuggled him close to his side, pressing kisses on his head.
When he did take them off, he shuddered at the sudden cold that nipped at his flushed skin. Dean was blushing from his cheeks to his chest, his hard cock was leaking, and he still had cum splattered on his face. Cas smiled at him and patted the spot next to him on the bed, “Come here.”
Cas held onto Dean’s hips hard enough to leave bruises; throwing his head back, Cas loudly moaned at the white-hot, tight heat of Dean’s hole. The string of absolute filth coming from Cas was enough to make a sailor blush so of course, Dean’s beet red blush flushed over his chest and up his neck, not stopping at his cheeks but continuing to the tips of his ears. With every rotation and seductive slide of Dean’s hips drove Cas crazier, “Fuck, baby. Oh god, you feel so good. Just look at you. So perfect, taking my cock like the perfect boy you are.”
Before Cas could get the apology out, his father’s harsh fist collided with his cheekbone. Cas ended up on the floor from the force of the punch. With unsteady limbs, Cas tried to scramble to his feet but was knocked back onto the cold floor by his father kicking him in the ribs. Cas cringed as he crawled onto his hands and knees, watching his father grab his keys, “Dad, stop. You can’t drive right now.”
Mary, Sam, Dean, Anna, Gabe, Jo, Charlie, Bobby, and Ellen sat with Cas as the nurse pulled out his ventilation tube.
Cas felt Dean’s beautiful cock brush against the back of his throat and the younger boy squirm under his hands, it wasn’t until he felt Dean tap his shoulder that he realized that Dean was grabbing a small bottle of lube that was under the seat. Cas pulled off of Dean’s cock and smirked at him, “Have you been planning this, you little sneak?”
“His name is Cas, he’s completely blind. He’s quiet and seems really sweet. He has shaggy black hair and once he took off his sunglasses his eyes are like crazy blue.”
Now that they’re closer, Dean can easily see the angry bruises on Cas’s otherwise fair skin. The swollen red, purple, and sickly yellow bruise stretched from his left jaw up to his eye and across to his nose. It looked painful and as much as Dean was curious as to how it happened, he decided not to ask. Instead, he thought to himself,
Yup… that was definitely a stroke. Dean could feel his eye twitch, “I’m sorry, are you fucking kidding me?! We are looking for some fucking crazy subway serial killer and you what? Just don’t care? Are you fucking crazy?!”
Cas was already half out of bed by the time Dean stuttered out the rest of his sentence, “Deep breath, okay? Where are you?”
Cas’s eyes went from a destructive thunderstorm to fog in seconds. He stopped standing up for himself and that hurt Dean more than any insult Cas could have said. All he got in return wasn’t more screaming. It was a meek and quiet, “Yes, sir.”
Cas rocked into Dean, smirking at the desperate moans and whimpers coming from the man under him, “Feel good?”
Cas came back out of his room with his backpack slightly more full than it was when they got there. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas’s shoulders and lead him out of that house. In the car, Cas still couldn’t make eye contact with Dean, “You don’t have to let me stay with you. If you could, just bring me to Saint Mathew’s?”
And Dean did give him time. However, a few hours later was long enough for Dean. He hadn’t seen or talked to Cas for almost a week and for Christ sake the guy’s mom just died, he needed to know if he was okay.
“Twenty-five.” Even though Cas couldn’t see Dean’s smile, it changed his voice in a way that was obvious. The change in sound, made Cas smile back,  “How old are you?”
Cas jumped into the driver’s seat and gave Alfie a side hug, “I missed you! Glad we are back together.”
Cas’s moans grew louder as Dean slowly worked his tongue into Cas. When he was wet and looser, Dean slowly pushed one finger into Cas. He groaned and greedily pushed his ass back. Dean chuckled and moved so he could put some lube on his fingers before pushing two back into Cas. He slowly started to pump his fingers in and out of his fiancé.
“Bathroom.” Cas reached out for Gabe’s hand and let himself be pulled to his feet and half-carried to the bathroom.
Dean almost had a stroke because Cas is gorgeous; his tan skin is stretched over his strong muscles. His chest and abs made Dean’s mouth water and his dick strain against his dress pants. Dean had never moved faster than he did when he took his pants off; not caring that he was now completely naked and Cas was still half dressed, clad in only his jeans.
Trying to ignore how Cas smelt like sandalwood cologne and the auto shop, Dean whispered to him, “Don’t drink it until you get back to the shop… I put a little bit of whiskey in it.”
Bobby stayed in the back of the crowd, hiding in a dark corner, watching people yell at him and bet some serious money on the young boy.
When Cas finally made eye contact with Dean, his shaky voice seemed embarrassed and ashamed, “I want to stop.”
Mrs. Beth pulled a bitch face and scoffed before turning back towards the board and started to teach.
The rest of the wedding in fun and everyone ends up drinking quite a bit. Thankfully, Dean and Cas got a room and giggled the whole way up. Dean ended up picking Cas up and carrying him over his shoulder the rest of the way to the bed.
Thank you, Katie, for the suggestion of writing an epilogue! I hope those of you who liked this story enjoy this. Much love xx.
Dean smiled because of course Sam supported them, he’s awesome, “Thanks, Sammy. I just feel bad for him.”
The musky scent of Cas’s leather jacket mixed with the November night air sent Dean’s nerves on fire as they zoomed down the highway, probably going too fast but not at all caring. Dean ran his hand down Cas’s thigh and roughly squeezed it, urging Cas to go faster.
Dean’s heart cramped for taking Cas away from Annie but what he said last night still made sense; Cas deserved a night of relaxation.
Cas said nothing in reply and turned back to the stove. When he turned around to grab a plate, Cas didn’t realize that Chuck was standing directly behind him. Cas ran into his father, sending his loosely-held glass on whiskey crashing onto the tile floor.
Dean carefully listened to what Cas was saying because it was obvious that this was important to him, “I understand, Cas. I love you more than anything. Can you please come here?”
“No, it’s not. It’s the color of fall. But fine… what’s yours?” When Cas looked at Dean from his pillow, Dean knew his answer.
When he added a third, Cas’s moans became more wrecked and desperate, “Dean, please. I’m ready… just please.”
The Winchesters were in the middle of eating dinner with the Harvelle-Singers when Dean’s phone rang. Not wanting to disrupt dinner, Dean stepped into the kitchen to answer it. Once he was away from the full table, he answered, “Hello?”
After Cas assured Dean that no, he wouldn’t be intruding, Dean drove them to get Cas’s car then followed Cas to his house.
“Tired, baby… she looks tired.” Giving each of them a kiss, Dean walked into their kitchen and called the vet’s office to let them know they were coming in. After hanging up, Dean picked up Abby and carried her out to the Impala with Cas close behind him.
Everyone was distraught but Cas’s anxiety attack made everything worse so the doctors gave Cas a small amount of sedative, causing him to fall asleep. The last thing he remembered was Dean kissing his forehead and promising him everything was going to be okay.
Cas didn’t wake up again until very early in the morning when he felt Annie’s little finger poking his bicep, “Daddy?”
Dean pulled away from Cas only enough to then bring their lips together. The kiss was hard, closed-mouthed, and quick but it accomplished Dean’s goal of snapping Cas out of his panic. Cas’s blue eyes stared at Dean with shock and confusion.
Dean yanked on his Henley, “Fuck you.” He walked out to the living room and started to put on his boots with Cas, who’s now dressed, following behind him.
The warm summer air was still and dry as Dean approached the upright grey headstone with Castiel’s name and angel wings engraved on it. Dean managed a weak smile as he sat facing the grave. Holding the red and black flannel close, Dean started to read the book he had read a million times.
What came out of Dean’s mouth was, “Hey, Cas. What can I do for you?” But what went through his mind was, ‘Anything. I’d do anything you want. Just ask. Please, god.’
The hotel was gorgeous, the ceremony was filled with white lace and light pastel colors. Dean stood in the first spot next to Charlie and Cas sat in the first row as they waited for Dorothy to walk down the aisle. When she did, Charlie started to understandably cry. It was very sweet and there wasn’t a dry eye in the room, including Cas and especially Dean. For a strong, tough, masculine detective, weddings definitely got to him.
Not being one to disappoint, Dean drove hard into Cas, holding him close and using all of his strength to give Cas as much pleasure as he was receiving.
“Yes… yes, he did.” Dean put a gentle hand on the back of Annie’s head, leading her away from everything that was happening. Even when Charlie and Annie started to chat and play together at a picnic table, Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas who was still pumping hard against the stranger’s chest.
After scrubbing a hand over his face, he pushed himself away from his wooden desk and stood up to close his office door, “Look, I can help you—.”
In the usually locked second-floor boy’s bathroom, Dean found Cas splashing cold water on his face; he looked stressed and almost nauseous.
Bobby had seen enough. He emerged from the shadows, “Hey! Get off of him!” Bobby’s gruffness easily scared off the booze-bags. He stuck out his calloused hand and heaved Cas off the floor.
But they were not safe, warm, and happy in bed; Dean was pulling up next to a beaten, bloody, and angry Cas, “Get in the car.”
“It will be a good learning experience.” Everyone agreed with that and of course, wanting to make Dean happy, Cas agreed.
“Yeah… she was the best.” Cas looked like he was on the verge of tears again. Thinking about his mother wasn’t something Cas did a lot. It was too hard to think about her dying alone in that empty, dark parking lot; “A robbery gone wrong” is what the police told them.
One week after Dean came home, Cas had to go back to work. Only two hours into his shift, Cas got a call from Dean, “I’m bored.”
Cas and Anna got off the plane in Seattle four hours later and were greeted by their aunt, Amara. She was their father’s sister and a sweet woman but she was not without her issues. The long-haired brunette was kind but often flew off the handlebars at small things.
The minute Anna saw her older brother, she threw her arms around his firm waist, holding herself close against him, breathing in his familiar scent and trying to ground herself.
Dean shyly laid down on his back, waiting for Cas to make the next move. Propping himself up on his elbow, Cas kissed from Dean’s neck down to his chest. He lapped at Dean’s nipple, running his teeth over it.
Back in the Emergency Room, Cas was sitting on a hospital bed with wide eyes and tense muscles. He was quickly losing blood but still fighting every nurse and doctor who tried to touch him. His wavering voice filled the small trauma bay, “Please, don’t hurt me. Please… stop.”
When they finally got to the courthouse, Dean lead them to Jody Mills’ office. She was a kind woman and an incredibly talented District Attorney. Jody greeted both Dean and Cas with a handshake and a hug.
Cas, who was thoroughly out of breath, finally jogged up to the three of them, “Hey, Dean. Sorry about that.”
Dean grabbed the hose from him and completely drenched Cas, only stopping when Cas splashed him with water from the tub, “You’re such a shit!”
With his arm out of the taller man's grasp, Dean shoved Alastair back, just wanting to get as far away from him as possible but Alastair's two favorite goons, Crowley and Zach were on Dean in two seconds, again holding his arms back. Alastair grabbed Dean’s throat and squeezed his bony fingers around it, “Ah, ah, ah… I wouldn’t fuck with me, Winchester. I would hate to see your brother’s pretty little face get messed up.”
Dean couldn’t help but smile because Cas really was perfect, “No, thank you. I just… look, I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I’d really like to meet up if we could.”
Sam came into Dean’s office around noon with food and paperwork, “Hey, Dean. How’s Cas doing? Have you talked to him?”
After Dean parked and he and Sam got out of the car he chuckled and covered Sam’s eyes. “It’s not you two kissing… it’s that hideous car.”
Cas carefully took the clipboard and sat in one of the leather chairs in front of Dean’s messy desk.
Dean leaned over to Cas who was staring straight ahead and whispered in his ear, “You’re doing so well, sweetheart. I know it’s hard to listen to but I’m right here.”
Pulling out of Dean, Cas used all his strength to flip him over and pick up the slightly younger boy by putting one arm under his ass and one behind his back.
“Has to be, I’ve never seen him before. Why… you think he’s cute?” Chalire jabbed at his ribs and smirked at Dean.
Every year, Wichita State University had their top graduate of the Criminal Justice Major and has them intern for the summer at the Wichita police’s Homicide unit. It was usually funny to see the graduate who thought they were hot shit absolutely lose their mind when they got drop kicked into the shark pit.
They spent the rest of the day hanging out and doing a ginormous puzzle together to hide from the old, rainy weather that was rolling in.
Cas nodded and buried his face into Dean’s neck as the nurse carefully injected him with the sedative. As soon as Cas was out, Dean was pulled away from him so the medical staff could start to treat him. They quickly determined he was going to need surgery for the stab wound on his stomach and many stitches for the gashes that covered his body.
Everyone cheered and laughed when Charlie snuck over to them and proceeded to pop a bottle and spray them both with champagne, completely drenching them. As they laughed and hugged each other, Charlie took the microphone Dean was still holding, “When Dean came to me a year ago and told me he wanted to propose to Cas, I immediately offered for him to do it here! I want to wish them the best just as they have for us!”
The empty house wasn’t creepy quiet instead it was peaceful. Mary and Sam were out looking for Sam’s first car, his gift for graduating high school.
Looking closer, Cas saw the picture of Anna. He could hear Dean talking about her and for the first time in forever, he felt pain.
Dean took a deep breath, Cas wasn’t the same person he met three years ago; he was a strong, skilled detective. He didn’t need Dean to save him. While he did have the occasional nightmare which Dean helped him with, at work he was a professional. He was an officer and a detective, not an intern anymore.
“Alright, fine. Terrifying, horrible, one of the worst moments of my life but he’s worth it. If I have to deal with a little bit of worry for us to be happy together I am more than okay with that.” Dean harshly exhaled and ran a hand over his face, “Sorry, Jess… I guess I’m a little protective of him.”
The flight to Florida was three hours long but Abby was very well behaved the whole time. Sam and Jess also went with them. Dean was usually terrified on flights but having Cas asleep and drooling on his shoulder seemed to make the flight easier.
When Cas seemed appeased - though not entirely - Dean let his arm fall from Cas’s shoulder. He needed a different approach because clearly Cas was not getting it this way. When his girlfriend had taught him, he remembered that the first time he really understood it was when he actually danced with her. Feeling her body during the dance, being connected with her, made his own body mirror the movement.
Cas frowned at him, seeing his change of mood, even looking apologetic. He answered hesitantly, “The way you acted this evening. It … reminded me of when you were with Sam.”
“You can put up a pretty good fight,” he finally said, “Better than most people in the camp.” That was true at least.
The last two CD’s were professional albums, one by Eric Clapton and the other by the Penguins. Not bad music.
Dean downed the vodka, to hide the annoyance in his expression. It had been a joke. Cas had temporarily lost his powers because of some sigils that surrounded the area. It was frustrating not having the convenience of Cas’s powers. So, Dean had teased him.
They stood in silence. The cabin creaked around them with the wind. Faraway drunken laughter breached their broken windows. A rat scuttled beneath their floorboards. Dean managed to say, “Cas…” but trailed off. An apology would be useless.
Every word Cas said stung, making the guilt boil in his stomach. Dean didn’t have an answer. Dean had grown up his whole life with his dad or brother in a motel bed next to him. When the sound of their breath, their snoring was gone, Dean couldn’t sleep. In some small way Dean could relate to this feeling.
“Good, now relax,” Dean said. He lightly shook Cas’s hand back and forth releasing some of the tension in his arms, “Give me little bit of your weight.”
“This is blue’s music, so I’ll show you a couple of blue’s basics,” said Dean. The music seemed to easily guide Dean into the steps he hadn’t done in years. Dean had done this step so many times with that girl, it felt like he’d done it yesterday. Sidestep to the bass and pulse with the snares, then repeat. “It’s a simple weight change from one foot to the other.” Dean said.
Dean put the cup down and leaned back into the arm of the couch and rested one leg up on the middle cushion. Dean’s heart was lighter than it had been in a long time. He felt like he was floating above all his problems, problems which, if he thought about them to closely, he’d come tumbling back down.
“Don’t worry, it’s on the underside. You won’t hurt me.” Dean said. He had almost forgotten about that. It didn’t hurt right now, perhaps it was the alcohol.
“Dean!” Cas said angrily, his back stiff and fists clenched, a posture he saved for the monsters and demons they interrogated. His voice lowered dangerously, “You’re not going to let me leave?” It sounded like a challenge.
“Do you know what it’s like to have thousands of whispers in your head all the time? The ones you love, talking and arguing. They’re all there with you all the time. Never at peace yet never alone. Even if they hate you, you still know that they are there that you’re connected. But now…” his eyes weren’t dead anymore, but they squinted as if trying to see an ant crawling between the floorboards. “It’s silent,” he said, “There’s nothing. Nothing there. It’s so silent I can barely stand it. How do you deal with the silence every day? How does it not drive you crazy?”
“Okay,” said Dean sitting next to him, leaning back against the table and resting his injured arm on the surface next to Cas.
“You did moves I didn’t teach you,” Dean said, putting his hands on his hips. Dean pursed his lips. “You’re not messing with me, are you?” It was a really weird joke if Cas was, but Dean couldn’t think of another explanation.
“You’re more unemotional now, closed off,” Cas said. “Except for few moments ago. It was nice seeing that part of you again.”
The room was dark except for propane lamps that lit up the walnut cabin walls and the setting sun that peaked through carefully covered windows. No one would be able to see inside, something Dean was always careful about from growing up with his paranoid father.
Cas glanced at the little CD player, then back at Dean. “One more song,” Cas said practically pleading. “I was enjoying that.”
It was something they had both seen coming. He no longer used his angel mojo to blast a demon’s brains out their ears. Last time he did it they were in the middle of fighting off three demons. As soon as the demon’s eyes flashed and burned, Cas fell onto his hands and knees, incapable of doing anything else. Dean stood over and fought the remaining demons.
“Yes Dean?” Cas strolled into their shared living room, folding what looked like a black T-shirt. He was wearing a loose-fitting shirt with no collar and sleaves that flared out, his blue jeans frayed at the bottom. Dean still wasn’t used to seeing him without the trench coat.
“Right but you need to add a pulse to it,” said Dean. At Cas’s confused expression Dean said, “Have you ever seen Hitch?” He was thinking of the scene where Will Smith’s character Hitch showed his client how to dance “safely” in front of his date. Side step
Dean was becoming hyper aware of only two things, Cas and the music. Everything else around him melted away . Dean shifted his arm, so it wrapped all the way around Cas’s back, so that they were chest to chest, the heat giving Dean goosebumps. Their heads, now so close, began to gently rest against each other. Cas’s disheveled hair tickled his cheek. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean knew that he should be screaming at the intimacy, but those thoughts were far away, a feint echo drowned out in a deep canyon. It didn’t matter right now because the song called for it.
Realizing what was happening Dean jumped toward Cas and put a hand over the door handle, “No!” It was all he could think to say.
The hand over his wound pressed a harder. Nothing was happening, which was unusual; Cas’s healing mojo was usually instantaneous.
Cas thought for a moment, then said, “Flying isn’t just moving from one destination to another. The wind lifts and shifts and buffets you until you’ve gotten to your destination. Dancing seems to be like that too, except there is no destination.”
Dean thought for a second. “Sex.” Was that why Cas wanted to learn? He had been experimentally flirting with some of the women in their camp, and to Dean’s surprise he was good at it. Maybe he wanted to impress them?
“I’m worse than human,” he said, “I can’t do the things that you can do. I can’t shoot a gun well, I can’t cook without burning things, and I can barely use a razor.”
“I say a lot of shit,” Dean said. He poured himself another shot and took it. He’d have to do at least two more shots before he really felt anything. Cas hadn’t said anything. From the look on his face Dean knew he should say more. “You’re just human,” he said, “Everyone has to deal with it.”
As he wandered, his eyes fell on an old CD player sitting on a side table next to the entrance. A couple of CD’s were balanced on top, and a layer of dust coated the entire thing. He’d seen it a while ago and had made a note to see if it worked, but had never gotten around to it. He picked up one of the CD’s, and brushed the dust off on his shirt. It was a CD without album artwork, it only had the words
As the song ended, Dean opened his eyes, feeling significantly calmer. The music seemed to have a similar effect on Cas, as he was leaning his back toward the table, elbows resting on the surface, and head lulled to the side as if he were basking in the sun. Cas, sensing Dean’s attention, glanced at him from the corner of his eyes. Cas’s lips lifted into a small smile. Dean felt a weight lift from his shoulders.
On the drive back from that fight, Cas remained completely silent, and when they got back to their cabin, he went straight to his room without a word. Now, Cas used guns, swords, and fists. He was good at it, but it was strange to see him using brute force instead of his powers. Even Cas’s wounds, which would usually heal within seconds, started taking longer and longer. The cut on his chin remained for two days, before it completely disappeared.
Dean reached for his shoulder to stop him, feeling guilty yet out of control of the situation. It was too funny. How was he possibly expected to get through this when Cas moves like no other person has ever moved in their life? Had Dean’s girlfriend gone through this same problem? Hopefully not.
He’d taught Sam a few moves once when they were young. What did that have to do with anything? “The hell are you talking about?”
“It’s fine,” Dean said, “I’ll just go to Andrea’s.” Andrea was their camp doctor. Normally Dean would take care of his own cuts, but this one was deep enough that it needed stitches, and Dean couldn’t reach it.
Dean shook his head and closed his eyes, trying to get his heartbeat out of his ears. He imagined being in his room at night, the darkness and silence that Cas was talking about, filling him until there was nothing left, like his bed was going to swallow him into this dark black hole. He’d become the insignificant nothing that he always knew he was. This feeling could only be stamped out by knowing Cas was in the room next to him.
When he saw Cas’s face fall in disappointment Dean said, “I don’t get it. What could you use that for?”
Dean popped in the first CD labeled “fav. Blues”, and pressed play. A soft rhythm and a slow guitar solo filled the room. It wafted away the suffocating fog and replaced it with something much more bearable. A mournful and raspy voice joined the guitar. Dean closed his eyes as the voice seeped under his skin, down into his muscles. His heartbeat slowed, and the air was easier to breath.
Hearing the song coming to a culmination, Dean pulled Cas close and pivoted them around to the fast high pitched trilling of the piano. It was enough to make Dean dizzy, and he knew Cas felt the same by how Cas’s fingers dug into his shoulder. As a sharp drum rhythm signaled the end of the song Dean pulled them out of the pivot turns and lead Cas into a dip. Cas frowned as he was tilted backward, neck remaining stiff.
Dean moved into the basic step with Cas now in his arms. Cas caught on immediately this time. The sharp mechanical movements that Cas had displayed earlier disappeared, to be replaced with smooth steps that perfectly mirrored Dean’s. Cas picked up on the smallest of movements, whether Dean stepped larger or shorter, or if he moved a fraction closer. Cas seemed to have become an extension of his own body, moving and flowing the way Dean did. The feeling reminded Dean of the Impala, his hands wrapped around the steering wheel, the engine humming beneath his fingertips, alive and waiting for his next move.
” Dean said again. People just weren’t that perfect their first time dancing. For Dean it had taken several days and a very frustrated girlfriend to develop enough of a connection to lead her. But Cas seemed to connect and follow as if he’d been doing it for years.
Cas watched Dean’s feet carefully then tried himself. Cas began swaying from side to side as if he were prom dancing without a partner. No pulse in sight. This was going to be harder than Dean thought.
Cas came closer and gently pulled Dean’s palm from his arm, inspecting the wound beneath. He furrowed his eyebrows.
When the song wobbled and waned into its end, they slowly separated, Dean distinctly feeling the absence of Cas’s warmth.
By Cas’s blank stare, Dean knew it was a stupid question. The only movies Cas had ever seen were ones that Dean made him watch.
Dean tested Cas. He threw all the moves he could think of at him, starting with the easiest and working his way up to the more difficult. Different versions of spins, pretzels, and pivots. Cas followed everyone of them without fail. Occasionally he would glance up at Dean’s face with raised eyebrows, a question that seemed to say
Dean knew that Cas wanted to talk. He could tell by how he stared down at his vodka, by his eyes, open like a corpse and staring off into nothing. Dean also knew that nothing he said could make Cas feel any better. He was about to excuse himself to his room when Cas opened his mouth.
Dean poured another cup of vodka and downed it as quickly as he could. He remembered all the things that got them here. Dean brought Sam into hunting. Dean got their dad killed. Dean turned Cas against his family. Dean started the apocalypse. This was his fault. And the angel who rescued him from hell suffered the consequences.
The first stitch was always the worst, but the next few turned into a dull throb as the whole area became massive hot pain.  Dean bit his lip hard and closed his eyes. By the time Cas tied the last knot his hands were shaking. Cas exhaled heavily through his nose in relief. “Done,” he breathed.
Dean found it uncomfortably easy to brush off Jason’s death. He’d lost so much in the past year. Ellen, Jo, and Bobby all died violently. And Sam… well he was somewhere else. All Dean had was Cas now.
Cas ignored him, eyes remaining on the wound. He raised his other hand and laid it over the first. Dean could only feel a tingly sensation, like blades of grass brushing against his skin. It was possible he was just imagining it.
Cas let out a breath in frustration as if he’d been holding it. He dropped his hands, and turned away from Dean. Cas went to their bathroom, placed in between their two bedrooms, and reappeared a moment later with a small white cloth in his hand. Cas covered the wound with it and pressed down.
Cas came back and unscrewed the old canister, casting them in shadow. When he attached the new canister, the light flickered on, now more solid and bright. Cas squinted at the light as he finished screwing the canister back on, and the bright filament reflected in his eyes making it look like they were blazing from within. An orange glow was cast over him and made the hairs that framed his face glint like they were about the catch fire.
They reconnected, Cas’s arms draping themselves over Dean’s, and the tumbler once again clicked into place.
Dean had taught Sammy once when they were young – Dean shoved that thought away, not bearing to think of his brother.
And it was because of Dean that Cas had to feel it. Cas didn’t pull Dean out of hell, he traded places with him.
The song came to an end, and Cas was looking mildly frustrated and severely confused. The next track had higher energy, a fast-paced drum that reverberated in Dean’s chest, making him itch to move.
was the next on the track. Dean knew this one. His lips curved upwards as the song not only stirred his mood, but also a brief happy memory.
Dean dropped his finger and held out his hand. Cas’s hand slipped into his. While Dean’s hands were completely calloused over from fighting, repairing cars, building shelters, and climbing over barriers, Cas’s were soft. Cas did all the same activities that Dean did, but with his healing abilities callouses probably never had the chance to form. This wouldn’t last long now that his powers were fading.
Dean rolled his lips over his teeth and covered his mouth with his hand to keep the smile hidden from his face. He did his best to compose himself as Cas continued to practice his outrageous interpretation of the blue’s basic. Dean cleared his throat and dropped his hand.
While picking a lock, there is a moment where that stubborn tumbler clicks into place and the cylinder rotates, causing the door to unlock. Without fail it releases a small burst of satisfaction. That was what it felt like when Cas finally relaxed into Dean. Dean could feel exactly where Cas was: he could close his eyes and tell how much weight was on which foot and how far back Cas was on his heels.
This time when he reconnected with Cas, it was closer. Dean could distinctly feel the heat radiating in the small distance between them, and the forearm that was resting gently across Cas’s back. As the guitar cried one high pitched reverberating note, Dean lifted their frame as if taking a breath. Then released when the guitar dropped, and the steady bass rhythm kicked in. He stepped through the violent desperate rhythm of the drum and the guitar, the feeling penetrating through his skin. Cas seemed to be right there with him, a steady presence, moving with the same energy as he did, moving with the same emotion. He could feel it through their connection, almost as if their minds were connected, embodying this sad and violent emotion as two connected entities.
“Right, you got it,” Dean said. Cas didn’t have it. But it was enough to move forward, so Dean turned the music back on. Seal’s voice once again broke into the room, distracting Dean from his friend’s awkward dancing abilities.
Cas’s shoulders tensed and seemed to wrap protectively over his chest. Shame replaced his mournful expression. Cas finished his shot, muttering, “Thanks for the alcohol.” He stood up and walked toward the door of the cabin.
To Dean’s knowledge, Cas had only ever watched Andrea stitch someone up, but never actually done it himself. Dean wasn’t overly confident in Cas’s abilities to do the procedure, but he knew Cas wanted to help. He knew what it felt like to want to be useful.
Cas turned away from the door and made his way into the kitchen. He grabbed the bottle of vodka, and took a swig. Dean scrambled to find words to express how he felt, to offer Cas some kind of consolation. But as usual he couldn’t get any of the words out. They were all there in jumbled disorder, but they were held in the back of his throat.
“Jesus Cas, get over it. No wonder they left. They’re probably glad to be rid of you,” he said. It felt good. But only for a second.
that repeated desperately in his mind. “Where are you going to go?” Dean said instead, not moving a muscle.
“I’m just going to put my hand on your back,” Dean said. Dean stepped in so that their faces were about a foot apart, and he slipped his hand under Cas’s arm and rested it on the dip between Cas’s shoulder blades. Cas’s arm hovered over it uncertainly.
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s a movie. Never mind.” He restarted the basic step but this time slowing it down so Cas could see. It bothered Dean to not be on rhythm, so he turned the music off.
“This was a bad idea,” Cas said, dropping his arms and standing in his normal posture. He turned to leave, hiding a red hue on his cheeks.
Some emotion passed over his eyes, a twitch of his brows. Something that Dean couldn’t identify. Curiosity? Dean shifted his gaze to the lamp and stared at it until the bright light burned into his retinas. Cas sat back down.
It made Dean a little uneasy that dancing could mean so much to Cas, though he wasn’t sure why. Despite that a spark of pleasure went through him, knowing that he’d helped Cas in some way.
“Yeah,” Dean whispered, apparently not able to speak loudly. Bringing that song to life with Cas made him release a tension he didn’t know he was holding, allowing him to breath easier. It was refreshing. Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah it was a good song.”
They continued dancing through the tracks of the CD. They never had a moment like they had with that last song. There was something about it that just spoke to them both. Instead, it was high energy and left Dean’s body humming with energy.
“Yes but,” Dean held a finger out to Cas, “You don’t tell anyone about this.” But Dean held a smile behind his lips.
Dean went to their kitchen area, attached to the main living area and divided by an L-shaped counter. He grabbed a bottle of vodka and poured it over the wound. The pain lit up like a sparkler, bright, fizzing, and crackling. It was all Dean could see for a moment. When it turned to a dull burning ache, he released his breath and opened his eyes. His shirt sleeve was bloody and now wet with vodka. He went to his bedroom to change his shirt. His bedroom had two wardrobes, which he never touched, and a queen bed with a bedside table. He had a small window that looked out into the forest away from the camp. He’d strung two wires across the room so he could hang his cleaned clothes to dry. He threw his bloody shirt –it was one of his favorite led zeppelin t-shirts – onto his dirty laundry pile in the corner and grabbed a black one off the wire.
Cas stared down at the doorknob, and Dean dropped his hand feeling guilty. Cas turned to meet Dean’s eyes, searching. The look felt so probing that Dean had to drop his gaze and he hated himself for it. He couldn’t face the pain that he’d put Cas through.
Dean scratched the back of his head trying to understand what just happened. One minute Cas was dancing like a drunk penguin and the next he was flawless.
A tense fog seemed to permeate through the room, suffocating them both. Cas’s shoulders were pulled in over his neck making him look small as he leaned over the kitchen counter. Dean shoved the chair that had been leaning on, and paced around the room, trying to just
Dean asked it but he didn’t even want to hear the answer. He hadn’t thought about Sam in ages. He had him carefully tucked away in a locked box of
But, Cas’s face reddened at the ‘S’ word. A prude as usual. “Never mind,” Cas said turning away, giving up. The fleeting happiness had left his face, and Dean’s heart fell.
The light in the room began to flicker and Dean immediately tensed. He looked for any nearby weapons – the iron poker by the fireplace, the gun on the table, the angel blade – but then he realized it was just the gas lamp running out of fuel. He made to stand up, but Cas beat him to it, and he was headed toward the kitchen to get a new propane canister. Dean relaxed, and lifted his other leg onto the couch, leaning heavily into the arm. Maybe he’d sleep here tonight, just to change it up. Even though this couch was dusty and smelled faintly of body odor, it was really comfortable.
“Tilt your head back, I got you,” Dean said. At that Cas relaxed into the dip, his neck arching backwards and hair falling from his face. With a smile Dean pulled Cas back up. Cas looked somewhat bewildered at the sudden change of pace, but otherwise unfazed.
Dean couldn’t help but agree. “Yeah alright angel,” Dean said, holding out his hand which Cas took, his face radiating relief. “But if you start dancing down a set of white stairs while singing ‘Beauty School Drop Out’, I’m going to bed.”
Cas nodded and looked back down at his feet. Cas did as Dean told him. He didn’t bend his knees as much, and his posture slumped - not quite what Dean meant by relaxed, but it certainly gave the effect.
Cas’s eyes drifted to Dean’s hand that now had blood seeping between his finger tips and down his arms. “What happened?” he said, setting the shirt down on their worn sofa and approaching him with a look of concern.
“Dammit Cas, you shouldn’t know that.” Dean said, trying to keep the hint of anger out of his voice. At least Cas had the decency to look guilty about it. Considering what an asshole he’d been to Cas, Dean decided to let it go.
Seriously? Cas was fucking analyzing him? Dean clenched his jaw and tried to control his breathing. Cas looked like he knew he was doing something wrong, but he continued on anyway.
“After each step there’s a bounce or pulse, where you straighten your knees a bit.” Dean said, he exaggerated the movement so Cas could see it more easily.
“No,” Dean said as if the answer were obvious. It was such a random request. Dean taught Cas lots of things, how to cook, how to shoot straight, how to lie, but never something so non-utilitarian.
Mary was going to be in rehab for one month; while she was gone, Sam and Dean were going to stay with Ellen and Bobby most nights.
Once the doctor was gone, Cas groaned and reached for Dean’s hand again, which Dean quickly took and kissed the back of. He whined, mostly in pain, “Gabe? Where’s Abby?”
They were all chatting about what happened when Mary and John walked into the room. Everyone but Cas stood up to hug Dean’s parents, when it was his turn, he politely shook their hands, “It’s so nice to finally meet you. I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances though.”
His older brother’s voice snapped him out of his panicked thoughts, “Hey, Cassie! You going to give your big bro a hug or what?!”
“Shit, man. What happened?” Dean was genuinely concerned because Cas seemed like whatever was weighing on him was clearly bothering him.
Dean held Cas close to him, his fingers trailing over the harsh scars on his back, “I just… I’m so sorry. I promise I’ll always protect you.”
When Dean said, “No?!” Cas ran into their bedroom with an equally panicked expression as they started to tear apart every room in the house for the small black box. A half-hour later, Cas sapped his head up and ran towards the front door. A few seconds later he yelled, “I found them! We left them by the front door so we didn’t forget them!”
For the first time in a very long time, Dean prayed. He prayed to every God he could think of that Cas would be okay; that he didn’t hit his incredibly thick, stubborn skull. Then, he was reminded why he stopped praying.
Being Charlie’s best man, Dean stood up to make a speech, “Charlie, you’re my best friend. You’re a fantastic woman and I know you’ll be an amazing wife. I can’t wait for you and Dorothy to experience life together. You both deserve the best things in life and—yeah… I’m going to cry again. I know most of you from work and just because I cry at weddings, doesn’t mean I won’t kick your asses.” Everyone laughed at that, especially the many other police officers who were there. When everyone quieted down, Dean continued but not before turning to Charlie and seeing her wink at him, “I mean… I cry at every wedding, in fact…” Dean walked over to Cas and took his hand, dragging him out to the middle of the floor, “I’ll probably cry at ours.”
“I understand, Dean. I won’t let anything happen to her. We are going to Saint Francis Hospital.” Just as he said that Cas heard Alfie turn off the sirens as they pulled into the E.R bay.
Dean ordered his usual two slices of pie, one cherry and one apple along with a coffee. Sam ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and a water, knowing full-well that Dean would give him shit about eating ‘rabbit food’.
After a few slow experimental thrusts, Cas wrapped his slim legs around Dean’s waist and encouraged Dean to fuck him harder.
Not thinking straight from the pain medication, Dean thought nothing of it, “He’s fine, Sammy.” It wasn’t until five minutes later when Dean sat straight up with a horrified look on his face, “Oh my god. I’m horrible… fuck! I need to go see him.”
“Would you say my client is attractive?” After Crowley asked that Charlie had to grab Dean’s arm to keep him in place.
Serving warrants were one of Dean’s least favorite parts of his job. He was reminded why as the door creaked open. What happened next was too quick for either of the officers to stop it.
Cas smiled at his little sister and pulled off his black helmet, handing it to her, “Of course you can, love.”
Cas preened at the praise and buried his face in Dean’s neck, gently nuzzling against him, “D—Dean. Please don’t stop.” Cas’s hips jerked and stilled as he came over both of them, after a few more strokes, Dean followed him with a groan, “Fuck… Cas. You’re so perfect.”
“And now you feel bad about yelling?” Sam didn’t offer any advice because he knew that’s not what his older brother needed. He knew Dean just needed to get it out and talk to somebody about it so instead, Sam nodded as they finished their lunch in a familiar comfortable silence.
Obviously agreeing, Cas reluctantly walked back out to the ambulance knowing Dean was in good hands.
As they drove to the store across town, both Dean and Cas made fools of themselves loudly singing along to the classic rock songs on the radio. When they did get to the small clothing shop, Dean and Cas were looking around with Abby loyally staying well-behaved as they walked down the aisles of clothes. After a while, Dean handed Cas a shirt, “How does this one feel?”
“I—I um… yes…” Cas’s laughter was one of the most beautiful noises Dean’s ever heard, he needed to hear more. He couldn’t help himself from pulling the blankets off of Cas and jump on the bed, his hands quickly tickling Cas’s waist and armpits.
Cas ended up staying the rest of the night with Dean in the waiting room. As promised, the next morning Ellen and Bobby both came by to take Mary to Alpha Recovery Center. She put up a fight the whole time; refusing to go until she saw Sam’s tears. Seeing her youngest son cry broke her resolve and she eventually agreed to get some much-needed help.
“You better let me know what you come up with!” She called after Cas as he walked back into the hallway, ideas already blossoming in his mind.
Annie threw her hands up in the air and cheered because who doesn’t want ice cream? Dean, who was watching a few feet away couldn’t help but admit that was freaking adorable.
Cas immediately froze because goddamn it, nobody was mean to his daughter, “What?  Honey, what do you mean?”
“No, it’s okay. Don’t worry about it. Let’s get you to bed, okay?” Dean helped Cas stumble into bed before running to the bathroom and grabbing a wet towel, a glass of water and aspirin. Back in Cas’s bedroom, Dean once again cleaned Cas’s bloody knuckles.
Dean refused to let go even as they put an I.V and blood into his arm, an oxygen mask on his face, and heart monitor sensors on his chest. He turned back to Bobby, who looked just as devastated as Dean, “I’m going to the hospital with him. Find the son of a bitch.”
Cringing, Cas apologetically answered, “Can I tell you something awful? Ann has never been to the beach.”
When Cas opened the storm door, Dean could see the tears already pooling in his blue eyes. As Cas stepped to the side, Dean walked in. He was about to make a closed off comment about how he’s not interested in hearing excuses but he didn’t have a chance.
Once they were comfortable in bed with Dean spooning Cas, Abby jumped up onto the bed and snuggled against Cas. In the dark Cas sleepily mumbled, “Goodnight, Dean.”
During summer vacation and Cas’s fourth day on, Gabe needed to leave the house as soon as Cas got home, which is exactly what he did. In his rush out the door, he didn’t notice the distress his younger brother was in.
Cas smirked and sneakily grabbed a handful of Dean’s perfect ass, “Feeling like going fast tonight?” Even under the helmet, Dean’s blush was obvious.
He laid down on his bed, cradling Cas’s jacket and running his thumb over the smooth black, metal ring Cas had given him while looking at the Polaroid pictures. The first one was them leaning against Cas’s bike; Cas had his arm around Dean’s shoulders. It was the middle of May and they both had t-shirts and smiles on. On the bottom of the picture Cas wrote: ‘Dean finally stopped freaking out about my bike.’
“You are an amazing person and the stuff you’ve been through… it won’t make you like dad, if anything it will help you make sure you are nothing like him. I know I really don’t tell you enough but I love you, big brother.”
Gladly complying, Dean opened his swollen lips before Cas came into his mouth and across his cheek. He moaned at the salty taste that filled his mouth.
“Missed you too, baby.” Cas was about to get comfortable when his phone beeped. Dean rolled over and handed it to him. When Cas looked at his phone, he saw he had a new voicemail from his mother.
Cas nodded and relaxed a little once Dean was sitting in the chair next to his bed, “You doing okay?”
Outside, Cas hopped on his bike and started off down the street, looking for the usual suspect or witness. His eye for small details hadn’t faded over the years, if anything, it’s only gotten better.
Towards the end of the day, Dean left early to go check on Cas; Bobby told him to make sure their intern was okay over getting paperwork done.
Dean fidgeted with his beer bottle, “This thing between Cas and I is really going well and I think that it’s serious and I really love him, Sammy. I’m just scared I’m going to hurt Annie. I don’t want her to get used to me then have Cas and I not work out.”
Dean quickly followed him, after a few more thrusts he pulled out and stroked himself twice before adding to the pools of cum that covered Cas’s stomach. Dean flopped down next to Cas as they tried to catch their breath. He reached over and took Cas’s hand, tightly squeezing it, “Are you okay?”
“Night, little brother.” Gabe turned back to his laptop to work on his spreadsheets as Cas headed back to the bathroom to shower. He showered as quickly as he could, mostly washing the sweat from his body and black hair. It wasn’t long until Cas fell face first into bed, letting sleep claim him and his exhausted muscles.
Letting out a huge relieved sigh, Dean still stepped harder on the gas, “Okay… okay. Just, it’s my mom. You know?”
Knowing exactly what Cas wanted and how to drive him crazy, Dean straddled his boyfriend’s naked lap and took both of their cocks into his hand, stroking them together. He moved forward to kiss Cas but just barely brushed their lips together and whispered, “Will you eat me out?”
Even though Cas wanted to jump at the offer, he manners told him otherwise, “I wouldn’t want to impose.”
Neither Dean or Anna left Cas’s side during the three days until Gabe got there. Mary, Bobby, Ellen, even Jo, and Charlie tried desperately to get them to sleep and eat but to no avail. Dean slept every night with his head on Cas’s shoulder. He dreamt of their days spent together and the peaceful nights. He dreamt of laughing eyes and sweet smiles, soft touches, and loving words but when he woke up all he felt was the artificial beat of Cas’s heart.
Standing in front of him, Cas’s predatory eyes took in Dean’s beautiful body before stripping off his own t-shirt.
At Mackie’s, Cas snuck into the basement through the back door. Bobby followed Cas at a safe distance where he wouldn’t notice the surly old man.
Cas was down on one knee, holding a small black box which was open to show a small silver band with a small diamond on it. Cas couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s completely shell-shocked face, all wide-eyed and slack-jawed. Cas started to say what he was thinking about all day, “I love you so much. You’ve been there for me on my best days and my worst. You support me through my hectic career. You love my daughter and she loves you. You’re her dad, my best friend, and my true love. Would you please be my husband as well?”
Sam bought him and Anna tickets while Cas bought them for him and Dean. Meanwhile, Dean and Anna got snacks. Anna looked at the wall of snacks for a while before glancing up at Dean, “What snacks does Sam like?”
The ride home was quick and silent. No music just the low hum of the Sportster’s engine filled the tense air surrounding the siblings.
“Oh… well, thank you so much for telling me! Of course, he said that but if it would help him feel better, I will stay home.” Clearly, Mary knew her son and his thought process. After chatting for another minute, they hung up.
With a professional goodbye and prescription in hand, Cas walked back out to where Gabe had parked the car.
Dean slumped down in their usual Roadhouse booth and mumbled, “Apparently he isn’t sweet with the people he fucks…”
As Cas scrambled onto the bed, Dean stood up and took off his clothes. After he grabbed the small bottle of lube from his bag, he walked back over to the bed and ran a soothing hand over Cas’s ass before pulling his panties to the side and just barely licking over Cas’s hole. After a few more teasing licks, Dean finally gave Cas what he was begging for and firmly licked him.
Dean wiped his hand on his jeans and tried to suppress a grimace at the slobber, “Not an animal person.”
“Cassie! You need any help?” Gabriel called out to his younger brother who had just walked into the house carrying a cardboard box.
Sam was a brand new law professor at Stanford University and not being much older than some of his students, they definitely pushed all of his buttons… all of the time. Dean laughed as he started to pull out some food to make dinner, “From the sounds of it, I’m glad to be around the 6-year-olds. What about the positives?”
The kissing is an intimacy in and of itself. Dean's been kissed by a lot of people and planted a lot of kisses himself, but Cas… Cas has thousands more in him that Dean wants to experience. This time, Cas stays away from the handprint, so Dean can enjoy the experience without having to sort out the extra sensations of whatever the hell that feeling is.
"Oh," Cas says, completely fucking placid. "Anna. She's a good soldier. Though what she's doing in this story, I don't know."
They both shiver. It's not much—hell, they're still not even naked. But being slotted together like this feels right.
Dean blinks, slowly, because it's taking too much effort to move his eyelids with all his attention focused on Cas's hand, resting high, high on his thigh. "Anything," he says—a rash promise he's never made before and never had any plans to.
"Yeah?" Dean says. He should follow that up with something else, 'cause that sounds like it might be important. But his tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth somewhere along the way.
Dean isn't sure about that, these days, what with all the bullshit with Ruby and Lilith. Maybe he really is holding Sam back.
Cas groans, softly. The muscles in his thighs ripple, but he holds himself so still. When Dean tears his gaze away to look into his face, Cas is chewing on his lower lip.
Cas shrugs in an approximation of a yes, but his lips turn down at the corners. That's another thing that seems to stick in his craw.
Greek until he catches sight of bits of Latin through it—it’s close to what they agreed upon. Pretty much the only thing that's different is that Crowley put "best faith effort" when it comes to returning Bobby's soul.
Dean stops and reads through a scene that he thinks he’d remember pretty damned well, halfway through the first manuscript. Then reads it again, for good measure.
This time, it's Dean's turn to squeeze Cas's hand. "Not the conversation we're really havin' right now, Cas," he points out. Though... seeing Cas go all commanding professor and watching Sam just sort of fold? Huh.
Dean smiles a little ruefully at him and pokes the basket of dinner rolls in his direction. “Pot roast’s awesome today,” he tells Amelia, on his second serving. “You gotta show me how you do it.”
Dean snorts, and Cas frowns. Yeah, that still goes to show that as much as Cas has been human, he doesn't get shit about human nature sometimes.
Look, Dean’s not going to fake being sad that Ruby might be putting herself in harm’s way. He’s not even sure she’s
It should be a dose of cold water, bringing up the other people. But it's not, because Dean imagines the kind of wild, uncontrolled sounds Cas is able to wrench from his mouth and all it does is make him want it more.
But it's not as stupid as the first thing that came to mind, which was, "Fuck it, let's go get married." Because, well, this ain't Vegas, they’re two guys and they
Sam looks like someone slapped him in the face, blinking rapidly and jerking forward like he wants to break the edge of the trap. He stops himself just in time. Dean sort of gets that, because he kind of feels like Crowley slapped him, too. Hell wants Sam in the game that bad, what the fuck.
Cas just puts the computer beside him and stands up. "I'll make sure the duffel is packed," he says, quietly.
Cas hands the phone to him before he's even all the way awake. As Dean takes it, he beholds the cutest damned sight in the whole universe: a rumpled-up, sleepy-looking young professor in a bad suit, a little layer of scruff on the arc of his jaw.
Bobby is quiet for long enough that Dean cracks an eye open. Bobby's staring at him. “Okay.” Bobby takes a deep swig of something brown and a little cloudy that Dean’s almost sure came out of a bottle with no label. “So. Angel stuff. Last I heard, though, the guy who you said could hear angels… I thought he died.”
Dean reaches out—because he can, now, he can—and runs a hand down Cas's arm, ending by just barely brushing their fingers. It gets a tiny little smile out of Cas, at least.
"No, it's, uh, I..." Dean honestly needs more beer than that. He says, down towards his knuckles, "I gave him a ring, too. He just, uh. He wears it on his other hand."
Yeah, Dean is also definitely a fan of all this. But he's still relieved when Cas slides out his fingers from inside himself, tucking into Dean's to take it with him, because he already had to stop stroking them for how close he was getting. When Cas pushes himself back higher on his knees, it pulls his cock out from the snug tunnel of Dean's hand. It also gives Dean a holy fucking hell of a view: his very own angel, kneeling naked over him, hard and wanting and licking those pink lips again in a way that Dean never wants to stop.
(Dean promptly evicts all of that from his brain. They might've just stopped the Apocalypse, but there are still witches and vampires and whatever out there, and Dean's not ruling out the possibility of there being something like a Sleeping Beauty curse or some shit.)
He doesn't realize how sweaty his skin is, how hot they've gotten, until Dean tears himself away from Cas just to look at him and realizes the thin moonlight coming through the windows is soft and blurry. The Impala's windows are fogged. Cas is sprawled out underneath him now, his shoulders loosening as he lets Dean sit up. There's something so content about his expression that it wrecks Dean a little bit.
Even knowing it's coming, when Cas copies him, the tight, perfect squeeze just barely rasped with callus rocks the breath out of Dean.
The pride that rolls up Castiel's spine is almost as intoxicating as the feel of them touching, stroking.
Cas moves to reach him, two long strides taking him within Dean’s personal space so fast that Dean feels the air displace around him. But he doesn’t reach out. He doesn’t try. He remembers the wall between them, in dreams.
Michael frowns, and looks confused. For maybe a heartbeat, there’s something in it that’s weirdly childlike, like when Claire asks why she can’t have her dessert before dinner. "Where else would he be? It's his body."
Eventually, Cas peels away, and in the quiet they've carved out, he helps Dean out of his flannel and his boots and jeans. He follows out of his own clothes while Dean watches, already half tucked away in the bed with the cover sheet pulled over his waist.
He might not know much, but for all that Cas says that Dean is worth it—Dean knows that Cas deserves more than whatever this shitty life has given him. He deserves more than whatever this is—rubbing together in Baby's back seat in a salvage yard.
He turns the laptop to face Dean. On it is an article about a massacre in a convent in Ilchester, Maryland. Dean reads. "Reverse crucification huh?" That's how they found one of the nuns.
Dean knows what he shouldn't be doing. He knows it'll just make it harder. It’s over. But he does it anyway—pushes his fingers through Cas's, intertwines them.
They pushed them into the neck of the bottles and, solemnly, drank. And Cas managed to trip over a sandcastle because he was staring so hard at Dean’s marked shoulder. One of the kids asked how he got it before his mom could shush him, but Dean answered, ‘I got in trouble and someone who liked me pulled me out.’
When he does focus on it, he realizes it's silver, just like the one he gave Cas. His heart pancakes in his chest, briefly, until he realizes that, first of all, Cas is still wearing the ring Dean put on his finger; and second of all, the silver ring in his hand is very much not Dean’s ring. Oh, they look a lot alike, but there's a quality to the shine that's different. It seems familiar, though
Dean chooses to ignore the first question—because he still hasn't admitted to Cas that he snuck into the Latin placement exam, just to kind of see what there was to see. No one was more surprised than Dean when he placed into third year Latin, because what the fuck? Dean
Dean pulls open the steam-soft top. The smell, cinnamon and fruit and pastry, hits him before the sight of it does: a narrow, soggy piece of apple pie, wedged next to a plastic fork.
By the end, they're both shaking with aftershocks, panting quietly. Dean finally looks up, blinking. The first thing he focuses on is what he can see of Cas's sweaty face, glowing and enraptured. His eyes are closed; he looks like he’s savoring the feelings, those last little quivers.
Dean doesn't know if their angel warding is going to hold, but if they can just get Jimmy's family out of here, he and Cas can... shit, Dean doesn’t know what they can do, but if they can get the rest of the Novaks out of the line of fire, that’s enough. That’ll have to be enough. After that, if Dean’s gonna go out, it’ll be fighting, and back to back with Cas.
Cas sighs, and leans his head back against the sofa back. Then he raises it and turns his chin a little to peer at it suspiciously. "There were... acts, committed on this sofa," he announces. He looks offended.
Dean's last dream thought after taking a look at the damn paper—it’s an address in Pontiac, Illinois—is that Dean put a ring on it, and she better fucking watch her pretty little hands.
“Left it.” Bobby snorts and continues to pull out of the convent’s overgrown, cracked lot. “Why d’ya think I drive junkers? No one’ll touch it ‘til I can get someone to haul it back for me.”
want Dean. They just want his body. They want to wear him to the prom like a fucking condom. Jesus fucking Christ. Dean feels his fingers grip at the slender muscles of Cas’s back.
It takes two tries to unwrap his hand from around Cas's softening cock. Dean doesn't actually want to let go: he wants to know what that feels like, now, when Cas is only half-hard and oversensitive. Dean's also just about fucked out and he lacks the coordination to really do much exploring, what with his entire body being a limp, sexed-out lump. An incredibly satisfied, sexed-out lump, but still: lump.
Sam seems more surprised than offended, though, and considering that Dean's pretty much modeled his entire life all around Being A Winchester, Dean understands. He jerks his chin at the stationery. "Open it."
Dean's jaw clenches. He wants to say "Yeah, he's fine, just got to buff and wax his halo," but with Cas looking small in the back seat, for once, he doesn't want to bullshit. "I don't know, Sam," he answers, quietly.
Cas sighs, but looks him so deeply in the eyes that Dean thinks his soul shivers. "I know. But I think this is bigger than us, and you know that. We have to think about it that way."
And then his full, pink lips curve in a tiny smile, and the friendly little crows’ feet at the corners of his eyes deepen.
"Woah. Hey! Okay!" Sam kicks out at him. Dean releases his hand instantly and Sam raises both of them in mock surrender. "Touchy. Man, I thought you'd be in a better mood today, you didn't have any nightmares last night."
"That's sweet, precious." Bobby winks right back, and wow, that’s even weirder. "But no. I meant, if we win, then I get my soul back.” He grins, showing teeth through his beard. “It's not like you'd really be losing, what with Lucifer being stuck in his cage and not, y’know, killing y’all. And Lilith, I bet she’s been bad for the deal-makin’ business, right, what with all the signs and the mayhem and all? Well, she’s gonna end this-all as nothing more than demon paste on the floor."
Cas says nothing out loud—not that he needs to. Dean knows: it's in every place Cas touches him, it's in every sincere look he pins Dean with. Dean gently tugs on Cas's ugly tie, the one he is absolutely replacing sometime soon, and initiates his own kiss. For his own benefit. Maybe a little bit for Sam's.
Dean breaths out in relief. He still reaches out, though: he aims for a friendly shoulder pat, two firm squeezes, and then he lets go again. It's a little more like a shoulder hold, so his thumb can rub against Cas's skin just over his collar, but Dean thinks it probably didn't look too weird.
Cas peeks up at him and smiles. "The answer to that is the same as the first time you asked it: I want you."
What's in that box? Some sort of tool for all this apocalypse bullshit? Maybe some kind of old weapon, Bobby's such a packra—
Dean can tell that wasn't the nice gentle segue Jimmy was looking for, though he gets the feeling Cas does that kind of thing a lot: start doing the hokey pokey when the two options are left and right.
Cas's hands—both up his shirt and skirting over his nipples, now—make it pretty clear that the feeling’s mutual. Dean's nipples have always been kind of perky, but he's never enjoyed them being played with this much.
Cas rolls off and to the side, and Dean immediately misses the weight of him, the warmth that was all over his front. He's a little sweaty, now, but none of it feels bad. Or at least it won't if he gets Cas's skin back, like, now. Dean wipes his fingers on the sheets and turns to face him, too.
"I like your ideas," Dean mutters, sliding one hand up Cas's side, the other curving from Cas’s knee to groin—just to touch for the sake of touching. "They're, uh, good. Yeah."
"No, not at all," Cas agrees. "He had some... choice things to say about human souls. About how they were base, and easily twisted."
Cas carries her without a struggle, and Dean belatedly realizes that he's outside the house wards; when Cas’s (Dean’s) t-shirt pulls with her weight, the scratch marks that Dean left on Cas's body are all the way gone, now. Cas catches his eye as he helps Anna onto an uncomfortable-looking chair in the corner of the cellar.
He leans up into the kiss, propping his elbow underneath him to get better leverage as his tongue slips roughly into Cas's mouth, but Cas makes a low, rumbly sound of appreciation. Accidentally (or at least Dean thinks so) Cas shifts further forward against him, and grinds down, cloth sliding in a rasp against cloth, not quite enough pressure. It reminds him of the few times they enjoyed Baby's back seat, laughing and fumbling because they were always wearing too goddamned much by the time they got into there and couldn't get any
Cas nurses him through it, soft kisses on his shoulder leaving tiny zings of electricity that draw out a few last pumps until, finally, Dean's wrung out and breathless. Cas is one tense bowstring just a little over him, dick throbbing in time with Dean's thundering heart.
Sam leaves him be, mostly—licking his own wounds, Dean would guess. Probably a little raw. Well, Dean's not feeling great, either.
Sam closes the door gently behind them, and they both look around. The parking lot outside the fleabag motel has no other cars in it; that's a good sign. Sam still walks them all the way down to the vending machines. Dean would’ve told him not to bother: either Cas can hear them from across the street, or he's so worn-down that he wouldn't hear them through a white noise machine.
Dean can almost see Cas rolling his eyes even with Cas not facing them, and Dean grins at his back. Then his smile fades as he turns back to Bobby. "How's Sam?" He can't hear any more screaming... that has to be good, right?
Cas raises a shoulder, not looking or sounding at all concerned. "No. I’m just not a very good angel."
Anna, having relayed her message, seems to relax. "There are garrisons all over earth, looking for the boy with the demon blood who can—"
(Ordinarily, he'd think that was a pretty clever name for a titty bar. It still is; the manager's just as unhelpful as Dean expected, though. Guys murdering their wives isn't bad for his business.)
"I knew nothing else," Cas carries on, probably not having expected a real answer. "Until here. Until this human body experienced them for the first time. The warmth of family, the camaraderie of friendship without the structure of the garrison, the despair of grief without duty to hold you upright and the spark of…" Cas trails off. His finger slides in, in. And suddenly they're holding hands. "Other people."
So Dean’s not at all prepared for Cas to mirror his actions, the feeling of callused fingertips fumbling on his cock through the slit of his boxers sending shivers of pleasure through him. Fuck, yes.
Dean bottoms out and Cas squeezes, the pull of it tighter than a fist as Dean tries to draw back, and holy crap. Sweat beads on Dean’s forehead. Yes, yes, that was definitely intentional.
Dean's not special. Dean was never the one who was smart, who was going to make something of himself. He was his dad's hunting partner. He's a weapon. He's the one who went to Hell, and while he was there, broke too many people to count.
Okay, yeah, that's a reaction Dean definitely likes. When he pulls back and snaps in with the same curve, Cas twists under him and groans, loudly enough that he turns his face to the side and bares the line of his neck. He almost looks embarrassed of the noise he just made, and fuck no, Dean's not having that.
So this unfamiliar, run-down barn that he's in, it's definitely a dream. He argues pointlessly with Uriel. It's hard to make someone who thinks you're not even sentient see your point of view anyway. Inias doesn’t seem like a bad guy, but Heaven is run by idiots if they really thought
Cas has his mouth open, and from the way his eyebrows are high and his eyes are laughing, Dean's pretty sure he's about to get zinged but good.
"I don't know how to do this anymore," he admits and it's almost as much to himself as it is to Cas. "God. I never thought I’d have it, y’know? Never thought… never let myself want it before, and then you were there. And now I don't know how to be… just me again."
Dean nods and turns to go. It's when he's at the door that Sam says, "Dean?" and his little brother sounds so goddamned young.
Sam still looks like he got hit in the face by a two-by-four (it's disturbing that this has happened often enough that Dean knows exactly what it looks like) but at least he doesn't look like he's going to run off for a pint of demon blood or something stupid again. He nods, just once, very stiffly, and stalks off.
When Dean washes the blood and dust off Cas's face, though, he doesn't look peaceful. He looks... he looks worried and scared and in pain. He looks broken.
Dean swallows, and the coffee goes down thick and sticky. He spends a little while clearing his throat as Jimmy looks at him, stonily, without any of Cas's gentle warmth.
But of course the blood that they need for evidence, the blood with that oxy-something, pregnancy-bonding-hormoney-thingie (shit, maybe he
Cas's leg nudges him and Dean takes a deep breath, bracing his cock with one hand as he leans in... and finds, as the head of his cock pokes into Cas’s balls, that every instinct is just slightly off.
Cas's eyes rise just enough to meet his, and Dean can't look away. "Choice. Sacrifice. Free will. Love."
Dean realizes a split second later that he doesn't know if Cas came—except Dean does know, and it's got nothing to do with the warmth and wet he can feel against the front of his jeans, if he concentrates. He doesn't know how he does, or whether he pulled Cas down into that orgasm or Cas dragged him in, but he knows for fucking sure that they came together,
sure. I know some of the ‘how.’ I don't know... the details.” He breathes, and Dean catches the stutter of it. “But I... I have some idea."
"Yeah, Sammy," he says, hoarse. "But you didn't put it there in the beginning. We're getting it out of you now."
They rearrange, but it's Cas who reaches behind himself and tucks Dean's cock in the warm crease of his thighs, pressing back against him to slot him in. And oh.
But it's more than that. Cas is important, and he's family, now—like Bobby is, like Sam is. And that, by extension, makes Jimmy and company, if not Dean's family, then damn close to it.
Dean swallows. "That, uh—that sounds awesome." But really, he's mesmerized by the feel of Cas's knees pressing into his thigh. "How's that gonna work?”
Dean can see the bottle of lube over by his knee, where Cas must have dropped it, but right now, having it on his palms might be too much, a little too good. He can barely look at the sight of their cocks gathered in his fist, just barely moving his fingers enough to give them each a little play, because he just felt the first drip trickle off his cockhead and onto his belly. From the way Cas licks his lips, he saw it, too.
Cas, like always, seems to know exactly what Dean needs. He doesn’t get up, though: he waves his hand and leaves a tingly clean feeling between them, and heck, Dean can’t even complain, because he’s not ready to not have Cas’s skin pressed against his yet. Cas shifts over, though, until their legs slot together and Cas is tucked carefully back into Dean's side.
"I'm thinking," Castiel says carefully, nearly distracted beyond all recognition by the feeling beneath his fingertips. "I'm thinking that I have never found the texture of skin so fascinating." He strokes it softly. "And that I want to explore each and every inch of yours." He meets Dean's heated gaze. "Extensively."
Dean’s heart rate finally comes down enough for blood to start coming back to his brain. That’s about when he realizes exactly the position Cas was standing in when he came.
Finally they all screech out, sounding like someone's brake lines are haunted and four bodies hit the floor. Dean runs to Jimmy, sliding to his knees. The bitch chose to stab him someplace that would take a long time. Goddammit. That’s good. That’s good, right? They’ve got time, they’ve got—
Dean stops halfway through looking away and going hot around the ears, and raises his head. Bobby's face has gone soft, alright—with surprise. "Uh," Dean manages, because he can't exactly fucking deny it now. "I mean..."
"Thank... uh, yeah. Thank someone." Dean’s smile is full of sunshine and a strange, bright relief. "I, uh... yeah. Me neither."
"I'm sure I promised nothing of the sort at the time, Dean," Cas tells him, with a tiny smirk that tightens the corners of his eyes from entirely too close. "I was very, very much looking to start something then."
Cas sighs against his hair, sounding as content as Dean feels, before he detaches. It’s reluctantly, at least, looking wistfully back at Dean, so that's good for Dean's ego.
Cas is in their room by the time he gets back. Dean’s kind of glad he took his clothing with him to the bathroom: being half-naked next to a fully clothed Cas does things to his brain.
He stares at his hand moving on Cas's shaft in small, careful, exploring strokes, though, and feels Cas's eyes on him. Another slick of warmth beads up against his palm when he sweeps it over Cas’s slit, and the next stroke goes so easy Dean's the one who shudders.
Dean relays what little he’s got. Cas has an inside man. Cas is definitely sure there's something up with the Lilith thing, because she’s all the buzz in the wrong hives in Heaven (Sam's eyes shutter at that one but he says nothing).
It's Bobby who brings up what Dean never really thought that much about, though. "So, this, you know, thing." He gestures back and forth between them. "It's not, like... forbidden or anything, is it? Apostate kind of shit?" He leans in and his expression under his beard isn't nice. "You gonna bring trouble to my boys, just bein'?"
“Now try it to music, and this time try to relax. Don’t bend your knees as much.” Dean emphasized this by loosening his arms and making his pulse smaller and calmer.
“You can put your arm over mine. Just rest your hand on my shoulder,” Dean said, his voice quieter now. There was no reason to talk any louder now that they were so close. Still it felt odd to be talking so quietly.
Cas must have been joking, perhaps to lighten the mood even more. Dean put on grin in response. But when Cas’s gaze remained steady and curious, Dean’s grin faltered.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, not a big deal.” Why did it feel like a big deal? Dean motioned with his head that Cas should stand up, and Cas followed.
Dean’s attention was caught by a single guitar note that sliced through the room, which then wobbled and the notes fell into a sad riff. It was the only instrument being played and it seemed to echo against the walls of a dark empty room. The melody was sad and desperate, imploring anyone to listen to it. The drumbeat that kicked in a second later, was violent in contrast to the quiet of the guitar solo that was before. Dean was quickly being swept away by it and itched to dance.
Cas face fell blank with eyes slightly widened, a look of such utter confusion that it made Dean laugh.
Cas’s arm came down over his, it touched his skin like a feather, contacting but with no weight. Cas’s hand in his was the same. As if too much contact would hurt Dean.
