Loki nodded. Tony had gone out with friends before but this was his first date. Loki was confident that it was his first official date. Tony didn’t share everything with his dad but he was comfortable enough with his dad that Loki knew Tony would share something big like a first date with him.
“Now please,” said Tony. “I need the distraction.”
“Where are you going?” asked Loki.
“This is Bruce the Dog,” said Tony proudly.
“Excuse me?” said Steve.
“That was originally the plan,” said Steve, stirring the noodles without looking up. “But then Tony saw this dog and you didn’t see him Clint, Tony was so happy!”
“So what did you decide to name him?” asked Natasha.
“Yes,” said Tony with an impish smile. “Bruce the Human, meet Bruce the Dog.”
“They said he was 9 years old,” said Tony while Dr. Cho worked. “And he’s a German Sheppard mix. He hasn’t really barked yet and he loves to cuddle.”
Tony wished he could hug Steve but his dad was pulling up outside so with one last look, he headed out and got in the car.
Tony nodded and sat down on the couch. He wasn’t nervous, he knew that his dad wasn’t trying to make him uncomfortable and if Tony didn’t feel comfortable answering a question then he could just say to and they would talk about it.
“Um, out of curiosity, did you tell your mom you were on a date tonight?” asked Tony as casually as he possibly could.
“This is Bruce the Dog,” said Tony happily. “He’s the best boy.”
Steve smiled. “Then I guess we need to get him a collar.”
“That’s exactly what I am on and I didn’t want to tell you,” yelled Steve, loosing his temper.
“What Bruce the Human?” said Natasha with a smirk. “It’s cute, it suits you.”
“It’s Steve,” said Tony with a blush.
When they got back to the apartment, Steve and Tony showed the large dog around. Steve eventually went to the kitchen to get dinner started while Tony cuddled with the dog in the living room floor.
“Because of how you treat Loki!” said Steve, also starting to cry. “I see how you treat him and I just – I just don’t want you to treat me like that!”
“What time frame do you think you will be home?”
“It’s nice to meet you Bruce the Dog. I’m just going to check you over and make sure you are all ready for your new home.”
“No,” said Bruce, shaking his head desperately. “Please don’t –“
“And who is this handsome fellow?” asked Dr. Cho when she entered the room with a smile.
“Of course!” said Tony excitedly. “That just means more years to love him!”
“You okay with him being a puppy?” asked Steve.
“Steve!” Bruce turned and appealed to their leader, hoping he would see reason and put an end to the rest calling him Bruce the Human.
“Mom, what are you doing here?” demanded Steve, knowing why his mother was there. “I thought you trusted me.”
“Dad, I’m going out on a date,” said Tony.
“I understand,” said Tony with a soft smile. “I’m not asking because of that, it’s your choice when you come out. I just was wondering what your mom thought you were doing tonight.”
“I love him,” sighed Tony, sitting on the ground, petting an enthusiastic border collie and German shepherd mix. “I can’t believe that no one has adopted you yet. You’re such a good boy.”
Loki nodded. “Well thank you. Do you have any questions for me?”
“Okay,” said Tony with a nod of understanding. He brought his knees up to his chest and hugged a pillow.
“I told her I was going out with friends.”
“Uh, fix his leg.” The guard said, gruffly.
“Peter, are you okay?”
Noise clanged in his skull, rebounding against the bone, piercing his thoughts. The super-teen pulled his hands away from his ears and looked down at his discoloured skin. He wondered if his nail would grow back or not. He had read somewhere that if the whole nail came of it could not grow back, so he could only hope they would. Every breath he took made his lungs stutter and shake within his chest. The cell was freezing causing the mutant, who couldn’t thermoregulate, to shudder, grab the thin blanket from the bed and move closer to the glass wall. Wanda’s body heat from the other side was heating him up and comforting. He craved human touch that was not malevolent.
“Take me to the roof, please.” Clint said as he entered the elevator.
"The watch is in the Parker's apartment" She responded, helpfully.
“You tell me in the next five fucking minutes exactly what I want to know, or I swear to god, I’ll kill you. Right here. Right now. You’re on a timer.”
Sorry this took so long to come out.
“Am I gonna be able to go back to school?”
“Oh no, not another one. Pineapple on pizza, Peter, really?” Sam shook his head in false disappointment. Peter grinned, sheepishly.
“We gotta go, Pete.” Tony called to him from the elevator. After one last hug from Steve: Peter, Natasha, Sam and Tony bundled into the lift and began their journey.
As the words came out of Steve’s mouth, Peter began to groan as his eyes opened, adjusting to the light.
“Mhm.” Peter nodded. Scott patted Peter’s shoulder affectionately as he walked over to a seat next to Wanda.
The 5 heroes reread every regulation and making changes where they saw fit, coffee and energy drinks flowing through their veins.
“Oh my god.” Scott gasped.
“Oh, Tony...” Steve slid down the door, leaning his back against it. On the other side, Tony was in the same position. “We’ll save him, Tony, we will. And then we can take turns beating the shit out of Ross.” Tony let out a little snort at that, and Steve’s heart melted. He just wanted Tony to be happy forever.
Steve’s gaze turned concerned.
Thanks for reading <3
“Jesus Christ...” someone hissed.
Steve turned to Tony, “Do you want to do it?” Tony nodded and stalked towards the bloodied Ross. Steve tried to guide Peter out of the room but the young genius clocked what Steve had meant.
Peter meets the rogue avengers.
Peter curled in slightly on himself, “I just feel like... I could have done more to save her. I know... I know that I was being arrested but... but I have super strength. I could have taken them all but I didn’t because I wasn’t thinking;” Peters breath hitched and his voice broke. “She... she could be alive right now if I had done more.”
Officially, the worst birthday he’d ever had. Not terrible though. Wanda had attempted to use her magic to send the warmth of a hug to him, resulting in her writhing in pain on the floor for a solid minute but she quickly got over it. He’d only been with Ross for half an hour and his fingers were healing in the correct place
“Mr Stark, these are so expensive. I can’t ha-“
"You finally decided to answer."
‘PROPERTY OF THE RAFT’, branded on his skin, permanently. Then Ross had replaced the boys shirt and spelled out, letter by letter, the word ‘FREAK’ huge on the the outside of his left wrist.
He dried himself and got dressed.
“Are you in charge here?”
Tony stood up, “We’ll explain later. Just go get him! I would do it but you’re the one who knows your way around the vents.”
“And kill that son of bitch.” Tony finished.
Snapping out of it, Tony strode back out of the room and into the elevator. When the former-playboy stepped out, he was met with 4 shocked, familiar faces.
“If that’s what you want, of course. But first. Chos gonna come and check up on you now that your awake.”
“I tried to contact his aunt but she hasn’t responded. I don’t know why.” Tony told the super soldier.
Peter didn’t even seem to hear him. Tears were streaming down his face and he was staring at the ceiling. His mind was blank. This was all he could take. He had thought his pain was over for a brief second when he woke up in the medbay and not a cell. But that relief he had felt was gone. Replaced with grief and an extreme sadness. He had lost the one person he had left to call his family. Now he was alone in the world. Completely and devastatingly alone.
“Wake up, kid. It’s just a dream.” The ex-playboy used a calm voice whilst lightly shaking the sobbing child.
An animalistic cry escaped the young genius’ lips. He couldn’t stop the screaming as Ross drove the rod further under the nail, burning the sensitive flesh underneath. The lubricating oil allowed Ross to run the pole across a larger amount of Peter’s searing skin. The 14-year-old thrashed in the chair, subdued by the excruciating pain.
————————————————————-—
Wilson put his hand on Peter’s shouder, “We’re here to help you. We’re all here for you to cry on and talk to. I know that doesn’t fix everything. I know that you miss her. I know that it doesn’t feel like the hurt will pass but, Peter, it will. You will get through this. You’ll get through it and you’ll be okay. We love you, kid. We goddamn love you.”
As Clint neared, he heard the sounds of weak, quick breathing and sobs.
“Pete, you’re bleeding right now, because of this asshole. After all he did to you, you’re defending him?” Tony asked, clearly confused.
“Already done, Boss.”
————————————————————————
“Peter, it’s okay! It’s just me, Scott.” The ant-themed superhero reassured Peter.
He walked towards her voice. They had "enjoyed" their dinner and settled down in front of the TV to watch a movie before they were interrupted by an aggressive knocking at the door.
“We can do this the easy way. You tell me what I need to know. You go back to your cell. No one gets hurt. Or we can do this the hard way.” Ross decided not to elaborate. He didn’t need to. Peter knew exactly what he meant.
“I’m scared, Mr Stark, I’m so scared.”
“Steve, we’re going to have to tell him probably as soon as he wakes up. He’ll ask about her.”
When he wasn’t thinking about his friends and family or learning Ukrainian with Wanda, he was muttering scientific equations and historic dates under his breath. When...If he got out, he wanted to be still at the top of his game, acing his tests.
"He'll be here any minute." His voice was full of worry and anxiety, "I figure I need all the help I can get to make sure Peter is safe as soon as possible."
“’M not a baby.”
“Well, yeah. I can’t do it all on my own. And, well, Steve, I...I really like you, y’know...” Tony trailed off. A look of subtle joy took over Steve’s face.
Upon seeing it, Tony had announced, “I want that framed and, on my floor,, please.”
The car pulled up outside the courthouse and Peter felt his heart stutter. Everyone bar Tony and Peter got out of the vehicle. The teen turned to Tony with wide eyes.
"You're parents must be worried sick." Scott commented.
“Fine, you can out for two hours but you have to be careful, okay, and if I call you have to pick up within 5 seconds, you got that?”
“Wanda, як довго я спав?” The young hero murmured.
Rhodes reached his hand over towards Peter, “It’s nice to officially meet you, Peter.”
It was the day of the trial and Peter had not slept a wink.
He had spent the night thinking about everything that could go wrong. Now it was time to get ready and the teens heart was racing. Tony had hung up a smart grey suit the night before. Peter was fumbling with the tie when Steve knocked at the door.
“Just Peter is fine, thanks.”
“Okay. I won’t kill him, Pete.... God, you’re such a good kid.” Tony smiled at the boy he didn’t think could possibly be more pure.
Everyone took their seats and started eating.
“May...I’m...I’m so...sorry...” Peter mumbled. His arms flailed around. Beads of sweat covered his forehead.
"FBI! OPEN UP!"
“I will guide you using the floor lights.” F.R.I.D.A.Y said as two white strips on the floor close to the walls lit up. Peter followed the lights until he heard loud voices coming from a room close by.
“What?! What is it?!” Wanda questioned, her voice dripping with concern. Scott didn’t say anything, just sat Peter up against the wall, showing his chest and arm. The heroes grimaced as they all saw what Ross had marked on Peter’s flesh.
Thanks for reading <3
Exactly 6 minutes and 37 seconds later, Doctor Helen Cho appeared in the doorway. She turned calmly to the doctor, Dr Steward, handling Peter and asked,
He was so stressed, he'd had a sleepless night that he was overwhelmingly worried throughout. Tony sat at the breakfast bar with his head in his hands, trying to think.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mentally? She wasn’t so sure.
“You really think anyone is going to willingly follow any order you give them?” Peter questioned, disbelieving.
“Sorry to interrupt, Boss, but Mr Parker seems to be in distress.” F.R.I.D.A.Y informed the pair. Tony leapt up off the couch and into the waiting elevator, Steve close on his heels. The elevator dinged as they arrived at the medbay floor. The last living Stark rushed into Peter’s room to see the boy in question writhing in his sleep. Tears were running down his face and small whimpers were escaping his mouth.
Hey! Sorry this took so long for me to post! Enjoy <3
“That would be cool.” Peter nodded his head.
Peter had screamed.
Ross did come back. He had ordered the guards to take Peter to room 86.
Peter drew in on himself, a tear trickled down his pale cheek.
“I normally eat like two pizzas to myself, but I’m already pretty full so I’ll just eat a few more slices.” Peter said under his breath to Tony and Steve. He didn’t want the team to be worrying about him too much. They all knew that he was injured but he didn’t want to be seen as weak.
He returned, decked in his red and blue spandex, he radiated with pure joy at the prospect of swinging through the bustling streets of New York.
A low, animalistic roar erupted from Ross. He picked up a knife and launched himself at Peter. The Secretary of State held the knife to Peter’s neck, pressing it just enough to draw blood. Peter steeled himself and spat in Ross’ red face. Ross roared again and stabbed the knife into Peter’s shoulder.
This chapter is the longest yet, its like 2.5k words whoops. I'm very happy with it though so i hope you all enjoy, especially you Damoo xxxx
"Sorry for webbing you to the floor." Peter responded, a small smile caressing his features. Clint laughed heartily.
"Shut up, Barton." Sam said, shortly.
“Okay, well, you can tell me what you know, I’ll fill in the gaps, and then we can start painting something. Sound good?” Peter nodded. “Great, let’s get aprons ‘cause I don’t fancy spending ages getting paint out of our clothes after this.”
"Wands, I think the kids awake."
Peter smiled slightly. “Thanks, Clint.” Barton smiled tightly back and nodded his head firmly.
“You hear that, Fri?”
Ross repeated this on every finger of both hands. They were all loose from the nail bed. Peter knew he couldn’t tell Ross the answer to his question but the sensation in his fingers was agonising. The pliers were picked up. Another sob was choked back. Thaddeus Ross used them to rip each fingernail fully off resulting in Peter’s hands becoming a bloody mess. Tears ran down his face and he clenched his jaw. He had to get through this. He had to.
“Are you sure? I know that he needs someone but having a kid, let alone a super-powered one, is a big responsibility-“
“Put him in Lang’s cell. Let him sort this out.” Ross had ordered a guard.
“Okay okay! We’ll do it but we have to plan, alright?” Steve compromised.
After 20 minutes of painful and loud silence, Peter had started to whimper in his sleep, clearly having a nightmare.
“I’m so, so sorry to have to tell you this, Peter...”
Peter nodded and Wanda kissed his forehead.
“Can I paint Bean?”
Hope this was good haha sorry for any medical stuff that was wrong. I tried. Watched a whole long video on ambulance handover. My search history looks a little concerning at this point. Especially if you scroll back to ‘water boarding... detailing...medieval torture techniques...’
As if on cue, Helen Cho entered the room. She looked stunned, “I can’t believe you’re awake already. And sitting up. Your healing factors double the rate of Rogers’. I wonder if it’s to do with your age. Anyway, you’re healing up nicely. Your vitals are normal.”
Peter couldn’t tell if Ross was testing his metabolism or if this was to help torture the answers out of him.  He looked over at his new found friends, all of them with an angry fire burning in their eyes. They all were willing to starve themselves for him. Each one of them was already struggling yet didn’t think twice about standing up for him. Not one of them deserved to be in here. Sure, they had sided with the wrong person but they had done it because it’s what they believed in. Knowing the consequences, they still fought alongside and against their friends for their right to use their own morals rather then a governments. Peter felt inspired by these people who had showed him nothing but comfort since he arrived.
Tony Stark sat in the tower's common room, reminiscing on how things used to be. The memories of Steve getting confused at anything remotely technological, Clint and Sam arguing over what film they were going to watch, Natasha and Rhodes' intense conversations about government officials, were all still fresh in his mind yet far away.
"You took him down, spider-kid?"
———————————————————————-
“How do you normally pick what you’re going to paint?” Peter questioned Steve.
“I just want him to know I’m trying to save him and... and that I care about him. Because I do. I really do.” The genius’ voice broke as he confessed his feelings.
"So...Steve is coming back?" Natasha asked, carefully. Tony nodded.
“Okay, thank you. Um, how do I get to where Mr Stark is?” Peter asked, timidly, whilst he wheeled himself out of the bathroom into an empty hallway.
Peter grimaced, "They're dead," There was a collective intake of breath, "My uncle too. It's just me and my Aunt May." The Spider-Teen thought about the state May had been in before he'd been taken to this damned place. "I hope she's okay." None of the team knew what to say.
Thanks for reading <3
“Steve.” Tony said breathlessly. The genius just wanted to hug the soldier and not let go.
The first time he'd awoken, he'd been instantly blinded by harsh lights and surrounded by unfamiliar faces. He had quickly fallen back asleep when someone put what appeared to be an oxygen mask over his face. The second time he gained consciousness, he was in what he recognised to be a CT scanner. His eyes had shut almost as quickly as they'd opened.
“Are you serious?” Tony nodded, so Peter continued, “I’d like that Mr Stark.” A smile brightened all three faces.
"I don't know, kid. I hope so. Hey, how old actually are you?"
“Are you okay, kiddo?” Tony retook Peter’s hand. Peter nodded and inched a little closer to the older hero. Steve positioned himself in the doorway.
He still hoped Tony was trying his best to save him.
Sam patted his shoulder before going back over to sit down somewhere comfortable.
“Remember what Helen said, don’t eat to much or you’ll make yourself sick.” Tony reminded the teen. Peter nodded.
"Anyway, it doesn't matter, nothing you can do about it," the sinister man said, "I'll be back." He slipped back into the elevator and disappeared.
Apparently Thaddeus Ross didn’t have the decency to leave Peter alone on his birthday. Once again Peter had found himself in Room 86.
“Or we can do this the hard way.”
“Because that’s what your are, Spider-Man. A freak. Not a hero. A freak.” Ross had shaken his head a Peter, as if Peter was in the wrong. The teen had spat in Ross’ face.
Tony looked out at the group in front of him. Most of his dysfunctional family was back. S.H.I.E.L.D was still working on finding Bruce and Thor- well, no one ever even knows what planet Thor is on but he’d be back soon enough most likely- but, even though a few were missing, Tony felt happier than he had in a very long time.
Half a month since the airport battle, 17 days that had felt like a year. The loneliest 17 days of his life. 15 days since Steve left him, dying, in Siberia. It would be hard, getting back to how the two of them had been. Tony was willing to forgive Steve if the super soldier helped him save Peter.
Downstairs, Steve and Tony sat by Peter’s bed, waiting for him to open his eyes and see he was free. The poor kid was covered head to toe in injuries. His cheeks were gaunt and his stomach concave. A nasal cannula was keeping his oxygen levels steady and his breathing was being monitored very closely. There was a tube coming out of his chest that was draining fluid from his lungs.
"14, but I'm almost 15. 10 days 'til." Peter answered, truthfully.
“Hey! Where’s the kid’s food?”Wanda yelled at the leaving men.
Please comment feedback or anything really. I love reading your comments and they basically fuel my writing!
Peter brushed away the tear abruptly, “Uh, sorry, I didn’t see you there. Yeah, I’m fine.”
“Bet you’re hungry, aren’t you?” Tony asked. Peter nodded. “It’s Friday, so we gonna have our weekly big avengers dinner and then we’re all gonna settle down and watch a film. Do you want to join us? We’ll let you pick the food and the movie.”
After Steve had helped tie up the strings on Peter’s vermillion apron, they retook their seats and, once the super soldier had gotten the timid teen up to speed, had started to talk about what they wanted to paint.
“So, what do you know about oil paints?” The blonde man asked.
Ross broke Peter’s fingers again, and then let the spider-themed hero go, smirking to himself. Peter knew he was planning something but just wanted to leave the room that darkened his daytimes and haunted his nightmares. Later in the day he had figured out what Ross had been scheming. A cake came in alongside his prison families dinners. When it was placed in his cell, Peter had eyed it suspiciously.
Rhodes was constantly away on military business. Natasha was around but it wasn't the same after her actions at the airport that Tony still hasn't properly forgiven her for. He should, but at the time he had felt so betrayed. He missed Steve the most. Tony was sure something had been blossoming between them and then the accords had come along and everything was ruined.
————————————————————————
"Incoming call from Thaddeus Ross."
Natasha saw the first smile on Vision’s face since Rhodes’ accident.
“Anything for you.” Steve smiled down at Tony. And suddenly they were kissing. Tony pulled away, “Later, when we have something to celebrate.”
"Hey Tony. Nat." Steve's voice filled Tony's ears and his heart skipped a beat. There he was. The lone blonde haired man stepped out towards them. His blue eyes met Tony’s.
“Steve’s here? With you?” Sam looked confused. Tony just nodded.
“Could Tony Stark please stand and walk to the centre of the room please?” King T’Challa of Wakanda spoke up. Rhodes nodded at his childhood friend and pushed him gently off is chair and towards  the place the fate of his friends and family would be decided. Tony walked on wobbly legs. He’d never been nervous in front of a crowd before but this was different. If this went wrong, his kid would be stuck on the raft for as long as he lived or he’d be broken out and him and Steve would have to live on the run and that was no way spend your life.
"I'm Scott, the guy who was really small and then really big." Ant-Man introduced himself.
Clint scooped the frail child up into his strong arms and slid out of the vents into the art room below.
A single tear rolled down Clint Barton’s cheeks as he watched the tortured teenager that reminded him so much of his own kids.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fri, locate Peter and tell Barton we need his help.” Tony said, worry and stress making his voice wobble.
“He’s Spider-Man. He has an increased healing factor but it doesn’t seem to be working. Been at the raft for ‘bout a month. Crazy fast metabolism.” Tony tried to explain as quickly as he could. Cho nodded and busied herself taking a blood sample from Peter.
“Fri, save that footage to the ‘Put it on the fridge’ file, please.”
Hope you enjoyed <3
"Tony? Is something wrong?"
"And why might that be?" Tony asked, annoyed at Happy's carelessness.
“Yes, boss.”
Hi!! This is just a filler chapter to check in with Tony and the gang. This ones super short so chapter 7 should be up in the next 24 hours
Scott held Peter close to him. It had felt good to be able to hug someone, feel their warmth and be comforted by it.
Tony wrapped his arms around Peter’s shaking form. “It is not your fault, okay? Repeat it. ‘It’s not my fault. Your turn, go.”
“Mhm.” The spider-teen mumbled, “Whatever you say.” The next thing Clint heard was light snoring. Clint chuckled and they stayed like that until Peter woke up, (Clint had been warned not to pick Peter up in his sleep).
Special thanks to my best friend Damien for their knowledge of first aid and pneumonia. Very helpful.
The next day, Peter had new-found motivation to work on his super-suit, so he and Tony went into the lab with Steve coming to keep them company.
“He has me. He has us, doesn’t he?” Steve’s eyes lit up at the word ‘us.’
“Why do you want to know?” Peter’s eyes narrowed.
"I hope he knows I'm trying to get him out." Tony's brow creased. Nat nodded , solemnly.
“Is there a third option? That involves you not getting an answer and me going back to my cell?” Peter snarked. Ross grinned and strode over to the table. He picked up 10 thin, wooden rods, a pair of pliers and a steaming beaker of what looked like oil. The former army general placed them on the tray beside Peter. All the tips of the rods were placed into the boiling oil. The superhero tried to think what Ross could be planning to do to him. Ross took one of the rods out and grabbed Peter’s left thumb, who squirmed under the man’s touch.
Tony walked over to the laptop and, brandishing a USB, pulled up the recorded  video call from the day before.
“Hi, Mr Stark.”
He didn't manage to finish his exclamation before 8 people had their guns pointed at him. He yelped in fear and had to refrain from leaping to the ceiling on instinct.
He got to the middle of the room.
once again, happy birthday Damoo <3
“I think I get what you mean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony Stark was lying on the couch contemplating the upcoming days when Steve came round the chair and into Tony’s line of vision.
Natasha had agreed to give it to him.
" What the fu-"
“He’s on the roof terrace, Legolas.”
Tony, Steve, Vision, Rhodes and Natasha sat in a meeting room at the compound. A layer of dust covered the table. It was the first time it had been used since Ross had came to propose the accords to the Avengers.
“Will he be okay?” Tony asked, eyes pleading.
A few FBI officials came in, saw the table full of bloodied weapons and knew what Tony had said at the meeting yesterday was true. They rushed forward and handcuffed Ross before dragging his unconscious body out of the room. Tony glared as he left. That man had caused his child so much pain and there was no way he was going to get away with it.
Steve was coming home.
Peter couldn’t imagine inflicting his powers on someone else. Sure, he was strong and...sticky, but these powers came with a price. The sensory overloads, the development of a hero complex and the inability to live a normal life. He didn’t regret going on that trip to Oscorp but he would never wish his abilities on someone else.
—————————————————
“Sure, kid.” Clint said and sat down next to Peter. They sat in silence for a bit, staring out at the sunset, watching the hustle and bustle of the city below.
“I’m sorry, Stevie...” Tony murmured.
“Ross. He took the kid. We have to save him.” Tony mumbled. Steve looked confused, he turned his head towards Natasha.
"Oh, hey, Nat." Tony said, glancing at her. She looked tired and her shoulder length red hair was matted.
“Hey!” Steve said.
“Well, Mr Parker, got any witty remarks left?” Peter’s lips trembled too much for him to form a sentence. Ross rolled his eyes and motioned his men forward. They undid Peter’s restraints and one of them put the inmate over his shoulder, aggressively, unwary of the youths injuries. Peter didn’t even have the strength to fight back.
"You feeling okay?" The Russian spy asked, concern evident in her voice.
“Let’s go get the others, get you some medical attention and get you all home, okay?” Steve guided Peter towards the door.
It was chaotic, to put it simply. The room was divided into three parts. On Peter’s right, there was a pristine kitchen. It had a big island in the middle with surrounded by tall stools. The cabinets were black with grey accents and it had low-hanging, warm lights. In the centre of the room there was a long and dark, wooden table with candles all down the middle. The remaining third of the room had a large television screen surrounded by bean bags, comfy-looking sofas and cabinets with glass doors filled with all sorts of snacks and drinks. Most of the avengers were sat around the table. Clint was standing on the kitchen island, running away from Natasha Romanoff. Tony was leaning on the back of one of the couches, drinking his coffee whilst Colonel Rhodes was trying to tell him why he shouldn’t be drinking so much coffee. Vision and Wanda had moved their chairs very close to each other at the table. Scott and Sam were unloading the pizzas onto the table.
“Ugh, Fri, please call me Clint. Please.”
After a quick breakfast, during which everyone ate very little, everyone gathered on the sofas.
The kid thought about it for a minute before saying, “I’m honoured, Nat.” Tony’s mouth fell open.
Tony looked up and saw Peter, “Oh, Pete, there you are. Come and get some pizza. I wasn’t sure what kind you liked but, between all of us, I think we have every type.”
“Hey, Pete. How many times do I have to ask you to call me Tony?”
Enjoy <3
"Hey, Happy. Has Peter checked in with you yet?"
Tony glared. “Peter is only just 15. He’s too young to sign a document that gives away most of his freedom. That’s why in the revised version of the Sokovia Accords I sent you, I specifically added about minors being exempt. I want to also bring attention to the treatment of prisoners in the raft. I have evidence to suggest use of torture on inmates.” Once again sounds of objection rang out amongst the room.
“Yeah, buddy, it’s me.” Clint turned to corner and finally saw Peter. There was blood on his torso and some trickling from his arm. There was vomit on the floor around him. He looked like a ghost, pale cheeks and watery eyes. His lips and fingers were tinged blue. Clint was instantly concerned the kid had pneumonia.
Happy new yearrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
“How was this allowed to happen?!” Someone shouted.
“I’ve known they needed to change for a while but recently they affected someone...close to me...They were put in the raft and it’s because certain things weren’t taken into account when the accords were written. Like... hm, I don’t know... teenage superheroes.” There was a ripple of unease amongst the world leaders. “In fact, President Ellis, I have a question for you. Would you care to explain why on Earth there is currently a newly-turned 15 year old, who has never hurt a soul, in your prison?!” Tony heard his voice raise and regretted it but he couldn’t stop the emotion filtering into his voice. Noises of outrage and small conversations filled the room.
"Tony?" Natasha had appeared behind him, moving silently. Tony jumped, but kept his composure.
Ross' face was projected on his lab screen.
“So, what movie are we watching?” Natasha asked.
“C-C-Clint, is th-that you?”
————————————————————————
Steve scrunched his face up, trying to figure out what the Secretary of State was doing.
"Sorry for webbing you, too." Parker said, shyly. His thoughts were wondering. He was worried about Aunt May.
For what seemed like the millionth time, the elevator dinged, and he didn’t even put up a fight when he was dragged out of his cell towards the bane of Peter’s existence. Thaddeus Ross.
Wanda sighed, a light smile caressing her features, “Not much you can do about that.”
“Are you okay?” Clint asked his question again. Peter just shrugged.
"Incoming video call from Thaddeus Ross." FRIDAY reported. Tony slammed his foot into his work bench in his fury.
Peter Parker was done. Done. He couldn’t even think straight anymore. He was tired, hungry, struggling to breathe properly, freezing, in constant pain, and at this point: he even missed Flash. His prison family were making it easier but it had been so, so long now. After so long with only one meal every few days, he would die to enjoy just one more burnt meal cooked by his Aunt May. Peter had given up on the idea of being rescued by Mr Stark. He didn’t know why he had thought he would free him in the first place. It’s not like Peter was his son, he was just the only guy Mr Stark could find to help him on short notice.
“Tony?” A smile was forming on Wanda’s face.
Hey I am sooooo sorry this took so long to be updated. I was back at school and a bit deflated and it’s not really an excuse but I just didn’t have the motivation to put my head down and write this chapter.
“I know, bub. I wish I could be there too. Tony will keep us updated, okay?”
“I’m sorry, Pete, I’m so sorry.” Scott had repeated, over and over, knowing he was doing what had to be done but hating the fact he was hurting the young boy.
“Hey, Tones. Have you had any sleep?” Tony shook his head and sat up.
“Uh, Empire Strikes Back.”
“These bandages have been specially developed to be worn in showers without complications. Shower as you would normally.”
sorry again,
“Start the mo-“ Wanda began.
“She will sort him out, Tony. She’s the best in the business. The healing superhero business, that is.” Clint was reassuring himself as much as Tony.
“We can be bug bros!”
“Peter?” Clint sped up.
“Hey, kid, are you okay?” Clint asked, gently.
“I know, Tones. It will be okay.”
“What are you doing to my kid, Ross?” Tony spat.
“Hey, Pete, you okay?”
The youthful mutant turned to Clint.
⚠️WARNING: finding out about a death and also some medical stuff if that makes you uncomfortable ⚠️
Peter didn’t have to think about it at all. His life wasn’t more important than stopping what Ross was planning on doing.
“Touch my pizza, Barton, and I’ll throw this candle at your head.”
All the experienced heroes had looked at the baby-faced mutant and knew that he was the best of them and always would be.
Behind Ross, two muscled guards came in dragging two sleeping men, and from their clothing, Peter could make out they were also inmates.
Peter grinned.
Peter nodded, “When can I go out as Spider-Man again?”
“Tony, how long have you been up?” The war veteran said, blue eyes darkening with concern.
“What’s the plan?”
"Why am I here?" Peter questioned, fiercely. Ross laughed a humourless laugh.
“Steve, get away from the camera. FRIDAY, Answer it.”
Ross scoffed, “Of course it’s not! Everyone knows Tony Stark is delusional!”
“Oh. Sorry...” Peter climbed down the wall. He had looked down at his injury-littered self and teared up when he, for the first time, really took in the word that Ross had seared onto his battered body. Now he would never be able to forget his time at the raft, even if he did get out. The word on his arm made him feel worthless. Scott saw Peter start to sniffle and sighed. The kid had been through too much in his short life. Scott just wanted to protect the boy from the demon of a man who was hurting him.
The towers medical staff burst in and lifted Peter gently into a stretcher. They rushed the boy back to the med bay, Clint running alongside them, not letting the teenager put of his sight.
Peter thought about it for a second, “At least a thousand times.”
“Tones, are you okay?!” Steve called, trying to catch up but give Tony the space he obviously needed. Tony ran into the bathroom and locked the door behind him. The super soldier sighed. Soon the sound of crying could be heard from behind the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“W-When we were in th-the raft, the only thing I… one of the only things I thought about was coming h-home to May. I… I didn’t even get to say goodbye to her. She was my only family left. I know I have you guys, and Mr Stark and Captain Rogers but… May’d always been there for me and… I just don’t know how to… how to even function without her.” Peter held his head in his hands.
I think some of you have guessed at what is happening in this chapter but um here it is...
“Yeah, Pete, we got ‘em.” Tony stated.
“FRIDAY. You record all of that?”
Steve nodded and Tony hugged him tight.
Soon Sam was there too.
“Y’alright, Pete?” Sam came and gave the boy a side hug.
——————————————————
The bathroom door had unlocked with a click and Tony appeared in the doorway. Steve stood quickly. The Stark had thrown himself at Steve, wrapping his arms around the super soldiers waist. Tony’s body had shook under Steve’s hold, his body wracked with emotion.
“Okay, I think us four should go out somewhere nice to eat. I’ll call ahead and make sure we aren’t going to be bothered by anyone. We need to talk about a few things and we also need to eat so let’s hit two birds with one stone.” Tony said, becoming serious.
"Who's the kid?" He asked, concern dripping into his voice.
30 chest compressions.
“йди до біса!”
I hope you enjoy <3
“Oh, Peter, I forgot to mention it earlier but Helen said you’re allowed to start working out in the avengers gym now. Natasha wants to spar with you and work with you on your combat skills.” Steve remembered.
stay home, stay healthy, stay safe. love you all and thanks for reading <3
Translations at the bottom!!
“Oh right, I’ll sort that out now. I’ve put an AI in your suit, anyway.” Peter’s mouth fell open.
————————————————————————-
“Peter, when we got there it was too late...” Steve went round the other side of Peter’s bed and took his hand, “It will be okay. You have us, Pete, you are not alone.”
“Thanks, kid. You’re officially allowed to call me Nat.”
“Last chance, Peter. It doesn’t have to go this way.” Peter just stared angrily back. “Oh well, you can’t say I didn’t give you a chance to be straight with me.”
———————————————————
“Actually, spiders are arachnids...” Peter had said and then begun to snore softly.
The rest of the journey home was in silence, the only sounds were the beeping of Peter’s heart monitor and the hum of the engine.
Ross turned around just as the door flew open revealing Tony Stark and Steve Rogers. With new found energy, Peter lifted his leg and kicked the gun out of Ross’s hand. The ex-U.S army general was slammed into the wall and Steve threw punch after punch at his face. Tony ran forward and undid the bonds holding Peter down. As soon as Peter was free, he wrapped his arms around his mentor and didn’t want to let go. Tony hated how he could feel all of Peter’s bones but was happy to be able to hold him after all this time.
Anyway, Enjoy <3
Ross would pay for this.
“Language.” Peter giggled.
Enjoy<3
“Hey, Mr Stark. How are you doing?” Ross was grinning like a mad man.
----------------------------------------
“Mr Stark, hey. Sorry about that.” Peter blinked back tears.
“Of course.” Steve opened the door and ties the fabric before pulling the boy into a tight hug. “Everything’s going to work out just fine. That bastard’s going to jail.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y, relay this message to Steve and Tony for me: I found him, guys, someone call Helen Cho.”
------------------------------------------
Clint came and pulled away a chair at the table and Steve pushed Peter’s wheelchair into the vacant space.
"Hey, May! I'm home!" He called, towards the kitchen.
"That explains so much, and I can't believe you know that," Clint said thoughtfully, and crossed his arms over his chest.
"For an hour, max! He likes Banner better than me, why couldn't he just come?"
"I am absorbing a lot of knowledge, and have had to initiate several triple-Z protocols to categorize it and organize it," Vision said very seriously. Bruce looked baffled.
"I'm fine. Just in a little pain. I wasn't ready."
"Yup! See, that's you, that's me, an' tha's Jarvis," Peter said, pointing to the man, the kid, and the squiggly line. Right, of course, it was Jarvis. The Starks and their love for their creations.
"That's a nice morning-greeting," came Bucky's voice from the elevator. Everyone's heads turned to watch him come out carrying Emma on his back. She was wrapped up in Thor's old cape, her hair up in an asgardian braid, but looked very determined and not in pain.
"Killing Black Widow."
Bucky walked into the kitchen and decided that talking to Peter might also be a good idea, keep him awake now that he was up.
? Dude."
"Nah, it's fine. Just surprised me a little, is all. What've you been up to today, except moved all of our furniture around?"
"I'm fine. Oh, yeah, speaking of! Have you guys decided yet? I mean, I'm doing great! I can walk and run without feeling pain!" Emma said, which wasn't at all a lie. Sometimes there was a stab of pain but that was okay, that didn't matter. It would probably pass soon anyway.
Dummy let go of the ball, and Emma tossed it deep into the pits of the workshop. Immediately, the bots zoomed after it, disappearing out of sight. Emma laughed,
"Because of you."
"Good. We'll meet up in two days to go over building plans, possible extraction points, and give you time to try out your covers. Any issues, we'll take them then. Agreed?" Coulson asked.
"Holy shit," Emma said in a breathless voice, staring as the Hulk got up on two feet and roared loud enough to make the floor vibrate. Vision shifted out of their safety-dome, throwing their arms back like they were ready to fire their forehead-canon again.
Damian shoved his hands into his pockets. "I wouldn't pierce myself. It's too recognizable a feature were I to be discovered. Besides, it's pieces of metal in your skin. What's the point?"
Damian seemed to consider that. "Very."
"Play? We're much too old for that."
Vision was sitting on the common room couch, watching Pietro eat popcorn with surprising speed, even for him. It was fascinating, the fact that he hadn't choked on it yet. His twin, sitting on the other side of him, had a nose wrinkled in disgust.
"Oh, hell no," Emma said to herself, before she ran forward and out into the open as well, so that she was no longer in the little alcove with the still rings, and wolf-whistled.
"I honestly couldn't say. Also, Emma wants to go out with friends tomorrow," he stated.
"If it makes you feel any better, your aim was excellent," Vision said helpfully, and Kate smirked at Clint.
"We can?" he asked quietly.
"I'm sure. Like, eighty percent sure," Tony reassured, looking between his phone, the wallpanel, and Vision in the little dome. "We've done less dramatic tests with greater risks before." Bruce nodded, but he rubbed his hand against his breastbone a little nervously still.
"Like upstairs, helping Steve make dinner, or, I don't know, studying for your science test?" Tony challenged. Emma groaned, but slipped off his workbench.
"That's like saying how can you make bad coffee! Of course you can make sucky tea," Kate argued, pulling her earbuds out. "Hey Clint. Guess what I hate about the Avengers?"
"Some contouring on my part and I'm good, but Clint should get a haircut," Natasha said casually.
Darcy smiled at him. "Maybe we don't take any big decisions right this second, huh? Seems like you've been thinking about this a lot, but I gotta process too. Besides, if we got a dog, you wouldn't be able to get a job anytime soon, and I know you've been keeping an eye on the wanted ads."
it. He's on a roll today, and yeah, he sucks at reading human emotion, but he knew it.
"Fine," he said and ended the call. Natasha was sliding something that looked like a thigh holster over her athletic leg, and Bucky raised his eyebrows. "Really?"
"Your Aunt Tasha and Uncle Clint had to go. You're stuck with me, kiddo," he said as he walked into the living room. Peter was sitting up in the couch, rubbing his eyes.
"Fuck you," Kate said, splattering some pancake batter on his face.
"Could he really do that?" Emma questioned.
Despite himself, Bucky cracked a grin. "Yeah. Sort of."
Wanda brushed flying popcorn kernels from her maroon sweater. "
"Now let's go see what sort of fuckery Kate is up to," he murmured, and that got his girl to giggle a little, which he saw as a win. He smiled at her, and got a smile back. When he ruffled her hair, he got a whiny little 'daaad' back, which pleased him to no end as Emma shoved him into the elevator, not entirely gently.
"As in, you gotta learn to know. Huh. Why'd they make you like that?"
"Don't you mean fiscally?" Tony joked a little nervously, which was not the smartest thing he could've done.
"Do you want pancakes or not, asshole?" Clint threatened as he pulled the ingredients he'd need out of the cupboards.
Bucky blinked. "And you're just... Cool with that?"
She laughed, shaking her head. "Thanks Tony. You're really sweet. You know I still love you even if you don't pay for my college or wedding or... anything, right?"
"It was obviously not fine. You will not be in Emma's goddamn vicinity alone until I've decided you aren't a threat to her and her safety. Do you hear me?" she said viciously. When Tony just stared in complete shock, she grabbed the shoulders of the armor and shook him. Seeing as the Iron Man armor itself weighed a lot, and Tony weighed more when he was in it, the look of sheer disbelief on Helen's face was understandable. Clint knew not to underestimate his partner, however. "
"Coming right up, my dear," Clint agreed, stealing one more kiss before he went back into the kitchen.
"They or them. At least until Vision's figured it out," Emma said, turning to look at the android. Vision blinked back at her. "You can get your hands on literature and a bunch of websites where people talk about their gender identities, yeah?"
"Fine."
you weren't entirely healed. You shouldn't have come today."
"Shh, that's a secret, kid," Bucky whispered, but loud enough for the mic to pick it up. From the grin Tony was supressing, he could tell he wouldn't get in too much trouble for it. Peter blinked at him, wide eyed.
"I don't-" Vision said, closing their eyes and shaking their head in a surprisingly natural-looking way.
"Oh, wait, the Peg with the lipstick?" Emma asked, and Bucky nodded. The elevator doors slid open, and Tony stepped out, grease in his hair and his palm wrapped in gauze. Sam stepped out too, lugging his Falcon gear with him. He dropped the backpack onto the ground by the shoes, going over to help Bucky, clapping him hard on the back in greeting.
Bucky was going real soft, but he couldn't find it in him to care as Darcy patiently explained to him why his nickname was Anakin.
Bucky didn't close the door all the way, wanting to be able to hear any commotion but still wanting to give the kid some peace.
"I so don't!"
"We're
"You are so allowed to leave the premises, don't try that with me," she huffed out a laugh.
"Darcy!" Tony exclaimed, Peter burrowing into his fathers neck with his hand pressing against the arc reactor.
"So did Uncle Clint," he whispered back, and Peter gasped in horror again.
"Darcy, do
," Tony said, looking over at Vision, standing near the center of the room. "Well, Vis, time to show us what you've got. Shift through the field and we'll get started on testing your 'cool shit' protocols."
"Yeah!" Damian stared at her for a few moments, and then shook his head and held a hand out. Emma gasped. "Oh my god, this is why you're my favorite, not even Bucky likes grape!"
"Oh, that. Yeah, I know," she said softly. He blinked, making her huff. "We've had sex without condoms many times, and despite me thinking that maybe the gods are just with us, I've had an inkling. It doesn't surprise me, exactly."
"Well, you can't blame a guy for assuming."
"Currently with Miss Emma and Captain Rogers in the kitchen, making cupcakes, Sir," Jarvis said, sounding mildly amused. Tony grinned happily, thinking of his little family upstairs. Then he glanced over at Vision, their facial features relaxed like they'd been in the cradle.
So, maybe Bucky got why Natasha liked the little brat.
"Yeah dad," she said softly, and Clint pulled her into a hug, burying his nose in her hair.
"I need to collect data for sensory input," Vision replied, and Emma blinked. They were in the gym, currently, Emma because Bucky and Steve were sparring and she liked to watch, and Vision because she'd managed to catch the android as it was floating through the floor.
Bucky watched him out of the corner of his eye constantly, and Tony had trouble with keeping his hands off Vision for a full four hours after his 'birth', leading to Emma explaining personal space to Vision and telling him that he had all the right in the world to tell Tony off if he didn't want to be poked all the time.
Emma came out from the living room, hopping into some Nike's with paint-spatter all over them as she went. As soon as she straightened up, Clint blinked.
"I'm hungry," he said as he crawled down from the counter with the million muffins. "My hands are sticky." As if to demonstrate just how sticky, he slapped a hand to the stepping stool, and it made a wet noise.
"Don't even say that stuff out loud, mom," Emma complained, knocking on the wooden kitchen table with a frown.
"Why do you have to be so easy to undermine, Clint?" Natasha sighed. Emma blinked innocently up at the two of them. "You enlisted Kate for this? Are you that desperate to go meet your friends?"
"Hey, do you think you'd ever get pierced?" Emma asked. Damian's eyes roamed over the shop and it's glittery, purple insides.
"Triple Z? Really? That's what you're going to call the sleeping mode," Hank said very skeptically.
"Emma sort of attacked the cradle," Tony relayed.
Emma raised her eyebrows. He really was bothered by this. When he reached for the shoe-laces, she dropped down in front of him and waved his hands away. If he was this agitated, he was only going to snap them in half, and that always pissed him off even more.
"Yes," Wanda replied softly. The weight of that seemed to press down on the entire room all of a sudden, and then Bucky gave a low whistle. Even Tony looked a little stunned.
"See? He's busy," Bucky said, and was wrestled to the floor by two hundred pounds of patriotic blush while Sam laughed.
, Emma!" he exclaimed, but Emma couldn't take her eyes off the bot standing in front of her. "Wait. Jarvis? Is that..."
"Again with the consequences, Tash," Clint murmured.
"What happened to staying upstairs?" Clint asked Bucky incredulously, and Bucky shrugged.
"If you keep up that attitude, she's going to feel the need to lie to us about it anyway," Natasha pointed out.
"Bucky's a hero!" he said happily and with such conviction that Bucky nearly bought it. "Papa and dada tell me about how he helps beats the bad guys all the time!"
"Hi Peter," Natasha said smoothly as the toddler scrambled out of his father's lap and ran for her.
woman.
Darcy's sweet mouth dropped open a little, before she pursed her lips, a determined set to her eyebrows. "It could
"Yeah, well, next time you wanna talk about people like they're projects, leave me the fuck out of the conversation," Bucky growled, and disappeared up the stairs. Pietro tapped his foot a little angrily on the spot.
"Hey. I'll come over tomorrow and we'll build a tower, okay? Bring that home to your place and pump Titus up for me coming tomorrow," she said, patting his chest reassuringly.
"Girl play!" he rumbled angrily, and Emma gaped.
After that it was a bit of a blur. She jumped against the walls, rolling on the floor to get away from when he tried to grab her like a particularly tricky frog: with both hands and squishing her in the process.
Damian looked up from his phone, and blinked.
"Oh?" Clint said, rasing his one eyebrow but not taking his eyes off the pancake. Bucky rolled his eyes.
The little kid grabbed one of the books and handed it to Bucky before he nestled himself underneath the covers again. Bucky stared at the dark green cover, beautifully shaped letters forming the words "Peter Pan". It was an old book, the pages worn and yellowed. He wondered where Stark had gotten this copy of the book. It really was a pretty book.
Since Wanda and Pietro had come to stay with them, Clint had, as per usual, taken them in under his wing like they were defenseless kittens, even when they were anything but. After about two months of encouraging and silent trust-building, Wanda and Pietro would come to him with whatever they needed, whether it be a reassuring pep-talk or encouragement.
"Cupcakes. Lotsa lotsa cupcakes."
"Is it the major bloodloss? I've been told that the accompanying paleness brings out my eyes," Emma said, picking up a lip-balm in the shape of a cupcake and trying to pry it open.
"However, we also have to go to Hot Topic."
"I don't know, but I know it certainly doesn't have to be that. Like I said, we have time."
"Uh..." Darcy checked the timer and raised her eyebrows. "Like, six hours."
, could this man do things to her no other could.
"Not in this unsanitary place," he frowned.
Emma waved her hand excitedly. "See? You could do that!"
s seal of approval on that we're not being overprotective, Captain America's! We're just being plain ole' protective, and you're gonna suck it up, young lady," Clint ranted as Bucky plopped her down on the couch.
Good. She'd prevented anyone else from getting hurt. She sank back down, and felt the couch dip around where her legs were.
"No seriously. What's the matter?" he asked as he swept her red hair back, diving in and kissing her neck, where he'd love to leave a hickey, but was unable to. Shield didn't like it's agents rolling around in the hay, and the team didn't know. That's how they liked it, really, but it still left him unable to leave hickeys where they could be seen.
?" he asked as he got his pancake flopped onto his plate. Bucky shrugged.
Bucky stayed with Emma in Natasha's bed that night, and Natasha got up a few times during the night to check on them, waking Bucky maybe only once or twice.
"Clint, oh my god, I'm so sorry," he hiccuped, looking absolutely distraught, and Clint shook himself out of his silent rage enough to listen to him, and to grab the back of Bruce's neck. He made Bruce meet his eyes, made him watch carefully as he formed the words.
"I can read him," Wanda said, sounding a little shocked and a little dreamy, placing her hand on the casket-box. She pressed it to the glass, and her lips twitched into a smile. "He's dreaming."
"Yeah. You know who's got the best right hook I've ever seen in my very long life, though?" Bucky asked.
"Uhm-uh, no, yeah, I guess they don't," he stuttered. Tony held his thumbs up and went back to examining Vision's body responses with Dr. Cho.
"You mean you're her bitch," Sam muttered, and was whacked over the back of the head by Bucky.
"Emma!" came Clint's call from somewhere far away. She tipped her head back to look up at Clint's worried face from the floor above them, along with Natasha's silently furious one.
, you are not leaving this tower until you say so. Are we clear on that?"
"See you tonight! Love you!" she called before the doors closed. "Hey, is he still upset about the Hulk going after me?"
"Tony," Bruce complained, but Tony was having none of it.
"Well,
"Because you threw up for most of it."
Peter made a noise that could've shattered Bucky's ear drums, and he was prepared from last time, spinning around just in time to catch Peter out of the air and setting him down on his feet. Peter ran to crash bodily into Steve and Tony's legs, making Tony stumble and Steve laugh as he was hoisted up into his father's arms.
"Can we make pancakes?" Peter asked, and Bucky was a little bit too shocked to remember basic words to confirm that they could, so he just nodded, and let himself be led up the stairs to the kitchen.
"Was going to. You've got your parents back now. No babysitter needed," he replied truthfully, and Steve got a look on his face that seemed confused, and yup, now Bucky saw their look alike puppy faces side by side.
"A whole, canned chicken? Why canned?" Natasha asked incredulously as Coulson held the door open for them.
"Vision, no! Hulk isn't a threat!" Tony shouted as he ran for cover behind one of the pillars. The Hulk immediately went on a rampage, yelling 'smash' as he swept punching bags off their hooks, tossing them around like they were hacky-sacks and tore the heads off of sparring dummies. During all of this, Emma just stood in shock, staring.
"And I am?"
"Do not touch the cradle," Jarvis repeated, louder, and Dummy rolled over with a whirring noise, trying to grab her to pull her away, but she only batted at him as she cranked another dial, watching as the lights went way up inside the box.
"Want me to get Helen to set you up with some more?"
"Nothing. I just... Didn't believe the rumors," the doctor replied.
"I dunno. It's Tony. He probably could, if you give him enough time," Clint shrugged as Vision silently slipped through the floor. "Holy hell. Does he do that all the time?"
"Doctor Cho said so. We trust her," he said silently, like that was the absolute truth. Natasha took in the protective curl of Bucky's body around her little daughter, the lock of her hair curled around his finger.
"As always," Bucky said dryly. "What do you want?"
"Stop taking pictures," he said, in the same fake-calm voice, and the man snapped another two pictures. Damian pursed his lips, and Emma immediately began tugging a little harder, because that look meant nothing good. Definitely not when he shook his hand out of hers.
"Right!" Peter agreed. Sam burst out laughing, and fist-bumped little Peter, before being ordered to hand him a green crayon.
"No." She decided on the dress and yanked her loose sweater over her head, her sweats joining it on the floor. Bucky respectfully looked away. "Clint owes me. He's lost so many bets to me that I decided I wanted a 'swanky' restaurant as payment." She wriggled into the red dress and struggled to zip it up all the way up. "A little help?"
He could hear Dummy whirr, and closed his eyes. What the hell had he done to upset the kid?
," Natasha hissed back, immediately going quiet when Emma shifted sleepily, her fingers reaching out. The redhead grasped them and pressed a little kiss to the slim fingers with the chipped green nailpolish.
"Lipstick? Aren't you too young for that?" he asked thoughtfully without looking up from his tablet.
"Bucky's the best!"
"Yes, please pay for my haircut," Clint smiled innocently, and Coulson huffed.
"Matt's made sure that we've made a very long list of all the people who we know would make better guardians than Anne, and could take care of you, if something happened to us. You are never going back to her, Emma. I promise," Clint said fiercely, and he felt Emma nod against his chest.
Damian rubbed at his eyes.
"Miss Emma touched the cradle, despite instructions not to," Jarvis complained.
"Yeah, sometimes I'll see white walls and it'll feel like I'm back at Ralph's place. Like I said, recovery is a bitch, no matter what got you on your knees in the first place," Emma said, kicking her legs a little, like a much younger child. "You're in a pretty good headspace nowadays, though. Got a bike, time to heal, a steady girlfriend, et cetera."
“Okay, Pete, what do you want to wear?” Steve pulled some T-shirt’s out of the draw next to Peter’s bed. Peter glanced down at his arms, littered with scars, bruises and, on his left wrist, the word ‘freak’.
Hi! This chapter is up as a birthday present to...myself(?). Please leave a comment! It makes my day and motivates me to write the next chapter!
“You met Spider-Man?” Steve nodded, “Ross arrested him. He’s just 14. As you can probably tell, Tony here isn’t dealing well.”
The kiss was short-lived.
(See the end of the chapter for
They arrived at the UNs headquarters on the other side of Manhattan in record time. Tony took a deep breath and walked through the establishment to the large meeting room that reminded Tony of a modernised Greek theatre. There was a large screen projecting what was on a laptop. The group of 4 took their designated seats. Natasha saw Thaddeus Ross across the room and had to suppress the urge to wring his neck there and then. Vision put a hand on her shoulder, sensing her unease.
“Of course. I’ll just go get the wheelchair and take you to the bathroom.” Steve left and returned with a basic black wheelchair. He lifted Peter’s small frame into it and wheeled him to the bathroom.
President Ellis turned to Ross and narrowed his eyes. “Mr Ross? Is it?”
"Spider-Man, apparently." Wanda answered, watching the young hero intently.
“I’m sorry that I don’t know how to talk about my emotions.” Peter muttered but sincerely.
"Permission granted." Tony accepted, looking to Natasha for comfort and reassurance.
Natasha nodded and turned her notebook around.
An hour later, the 4 were sat around in a cleared out Italian restaurant in downtown Manhattan. While they waited for food, Peter decided to ask one of the questions that had been weighing on his mind.
The video ended.
“Good, compile it in my ‘Proof Ross Is A Psycho’ folder.”
чортове пекло!-Fucking hell
“I, uh, I didn’t sleep...” Tony had looked down at his feet, sheepishly, “But I’m okay, Steve, really.” Steve came and sat on the stool next to Tony.
He looked around to yet another new environment. He was in a roughly 4 by 4 meter room. The walls were glass with metal bars across. Their was a steel bed sticking out of the wall, with space underneath it. A thin blanket was folded on top of it. The room was one of 8 in a circle, all grey and white with blue accents. An elevator was across from the room Peter was occupying. In most of them, there was a person.
"Why would I know?"
The doctor nodded, “This is Peter Parker, age 15, male. Went into cardiac arrest. Signs of malnourishment. Suspected pneumonia and Pulmonary Edema.”
Also I just want to draw attention to the fact I have changed when Peter’s birthday is on the 3rd chapter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, Pete, there you are.” Steve had appeared behind him.
May opened up the door and she was promptly shoved aside, her head hitting the wall with a sickening crunch. Peter leaped up off the couch to come to her aid.
Peter thought to himself,
Little homemade meme at the end that I hope you’ll enjoy.
⚠️WARNING: more medical stuff if that makes you uncomfortable⚠️
Holding his hand to his chest dramatically, he said “At least I’m not 98!”
“Mr Stark, Captain Rogers... you saved me...thank you.” A smile graced Peter’s face.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Peter's eyes opened for the third time since what he thought was last night. There was no way to tell.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next one will be up a lot quicker!
“Hey, Pete, come sit here.” Steve smiled brightly and patted the seat next to him. The teen hopped up onto the stool and as Natasha looked up at the pair her eyes seemed to brighten, and she picked up her pencil and began sketching something.
“No. No. No. N-No. Sh-She’s all...all I... h-have left.” Peter’s breathing became laboured.
“Things will try to get us down. Sorry, but,” Steve chuckled, “We’re sticking around.”
гівно!- Shit!
“Well I’ve got to be off now, Stark, I still need answers from ‘your kid’ and, well, that boy sure is stubborn.” He waved and the video call ended.
Translations:
“You said you needed my help. What happened?” Rogers walked towards Tony, tentatively putting a hand on his shoulder when he saw Tony’s face fall significantly.
“Hey, Pete, it’s Tony and Steve. Not Wanda.” Tony said slowly, taking Peter’s hand. The teenager looked around him, taking in his surroundings.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You okay, kid?" Peter looked up to see the face of Clint Barton, peering through the glass from the cell next to him. The young mutant scrambled away from the window, not comprehending that the archer was probably only trying to help. He looked kind and fatherly even when he was visibly shivering from the cold.
“For...worrying you, I guess.”
emotions. Maybe he can help you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just to make you aware of one of the Raft's new inmates. I think you know him." Ross drawled. Tony felt his heart stutter. Ross continued, "New York's friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man, Peter Parker."
“Alright, kiddo, stay safe, okay?” Steve said. Peter nodded and gave Mr Stark a quick hug before promptly flipping out of the open window.
Over the next few weeks, Peter had the rest of his bandages removed and was back to eating a normal amount of food. He had spent time in the lab with Tony and remade his webshooters. Bean had settled in nicely and was hardly ever more than 10 feet from Peter. He didn’t even mind resting on Peter’s stomach when the young hero made a hammock out of webs high up in his room. Peter was struggling with nightmares, but Tony and Steve were always there to comfort him. Scott had decided to house arrest at his house so he would be closer to his daughter. Clint had stayed and had arranged for his wife and kids to come see him every two weeks. He, unlike Scott, was used to being away from his family and wanted to stay while the avengers reconciled. Before Scott had been transported home and Rhodes had to leave on military business, the avengers plus Peter had all sat down and talked everything through. Some had left after to have more intimate conversations that didn’t need to be heard by everyone. Afterwards, everyone felt lighter- like a burden had been lifted off their shoulders.
Tony cut him off, “I’ve been thinking about it since we found May. He can’t go into care and S.H.I.E.LD know he was powers so they’ll be trying to recruit him in no time. Peter needs support that only we can give him now.”
When his face was mere inches from the floor, he shot out a web and pulled himself upwards. For the first time in months, Peter felt completely free. Shooting through the crisp, early evening air, he had no fear. He launched himself forward, towards sounds of violence.
“Sh-she’s gone, Clint. She’s... sh-she’s...dead.” Peter choked out the last word, his breathing slowing down. The older hero tried to guide his breathing back to a normal pace. Peter’s eyes went from frantic to glazed over and emotionless. And then Peter’s breathing stopped.
Chapter 8
⚠️Trigger warning: description of injuries ⚠️
Mostly fluff today! I think we all need a bit of fluff at the moment. I don’t hate this one so that’s good!
“Yeah, sorry, was I supposed to wait for you or something?”
Peter had been sitting in the corner of his cell, thinking about Aunt May, when Ross had came back in with 4 armed men. The glass and bars had slid up and the men had stormed in and grabbed the mutant roughly by his shoulders.
“Sorry.” He mumbled to the fellow superheroes.
Point out mistakes please
The movie had finished and everyone was either already asleep or stumbling sleepily to their rooms. When Wanda had gotten up, she had gently laid Peter’s head on a pillow.  Tony’s phone vibrated in his pocket. It was a text from Helen.
“I can’t, alright, I can’t!”
The two men, who had been put in the cells on both sides of the elevator across from Peter, stirred. Wanda called out to them, "Are you guys okay?" They sat up and Peter recognised one of them as Sam Wilson. The other had short brown hair, greying at the ends slightly. He had kind yet tired chocolate eyes. They locked on to Peter's.
Steve placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder, “Don’t worry, Tony, it will all be okay once he’s got over the initial shock... right now, we just need to find him.”
“I don’t know how we’re going to tell him when he gets out.”
“Whatever you say, spider-baby.” Wanda chuckled. Peter shoved her playfully. Wanda used her powers to float Peter off the bed and onto the floor.
Physically? The kid would be fine.
“Is that a no?” When Peter nodded, fury flashed briefly in the man’s eyes.
“Any last words?” Ross grinned.
"Shit." He muttered, as he realised he was in a cell. He could hear whispering and felt multiple pairs of eyes on him.
"Do you think Mr Stark will come and help me get out of here?" He asked, hope glimmering in his big round coffee-coloured eyes. Clint looked around at his fellow avengers before reconnecting with Peter's pleading gaze.
Peter laughed a little, “Then I’m not fine. I’m… content.”
Tony brushed a tear off Peter’s cheek, “Me too, kiddo. D’you want to talk about your dream?”
"It'll work out, Tones." She gave a pained smile as she pulled her hand away to go greet the arrivals. Tony followed a few steps behind.
-------------------------------------------
Heyy sorry for the wait! Hope you're all doing well.
For everyone still reading, Enjoy!
He felt a sharp pain in his neck and suddenly everything went dark.
2 rescue breaths.
Peter had been back for 15 minutes now. He hadn’t said a word, just lay curled up in the corner of his cell. The kid had his palms clasped over his ears, brandishing his nailless fingers (they had all winced and Sam even gagged). Blood stained the sides of his face, his nose down to his chin and all over his neck. His breathing was ragged and strained.
Thanks for sticking with me,
“What about now, Spider-Boy? Are you going to tell me what I need to know?”
“...Yeah... turn around...” What Ross didn’t know was that Peter’s increased hearing abilities meant he had heard a familiar voice shout ‘Fuck!’ and then began running closer and closer to the door.
They worked like this for weeks on end, barely taking breaks.
“Also, Helen said you can start going out as Spider-Man as soon as you want to.” That got his full attention.
“After what we found last night I just want this done as soon as possible. We need to deal with the accords first.” Tony began, “I don’t want you guys and myself in more trouble than necessary. I’ve been working on it for a while but we need to produce a revised version of them. Steve, you and our friends in the raft will probably be put on house arrest, but after that you’ll be free.”
"Fri, call Happy Hogan."
“Take him up to the quinjet, Steve, I’ll get the others and make sure Ross is in handcuffs in the next 5 minutes.” Tony said, taking charge. Steve nodded and carried the spiderling out of the room.
“You have heightened senses, right? We read yours and Mr Stark’s messages. He asked a few times if you had experienced a sensory overload. You should be more careful about what you write on your phone, kid.” Peter expected him to go back over to the table but Ross didn’t. Instead, he left the room. Followed by his men.
“I know, I know. Just get it all out, Petey.” Wanda comforted him as he cried and cried and cried.
“You don’t have to be, Tones.”
“чорт правильно він” Wanda muttered.
З Днем Народження, павук!- Happy Birthday, Spider!
“I’ll go order the pizza and let everyone know that we’re gonna start dinner in 20 minutes. There’s clothes of yours in that draw. Steve will help you, alright, bambino?” Tony asked, getting up and walking towards the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Erm… I like to paint the things and people I love. Sometimes, I listen to music and paint how it makes me feel. That probably doesn’t make sense.”
“Well, Peter? Are you going to give me an answer? Or am I going to have to...resort to less friendly methods?” He gestured at the men, who had came in rolling a metal table with multiple random objects lying on top of it. The teens eyes darted from item to item. He trained them back on the authoritative man in front of him. His face hardened.
30 chest compressions.
⚠️WARNING!!
“C’mon, man, it’s my birthday. Just one day of peace would be a sufficient present. Please?” Ross had laughed, “ебатьвас, значить.”
“Did I say willingly?” Peter didn’t like the sound of that. Not at all.
“Wait! Mr Stark, you can’t kill him. It’s wrong!” Peter exclaimed. Tony looked at Peter and tilted his head.
Save Peter.
“No, Mr Stark, I just think he should go to jail for what he did, not be killed. You’d just be stooping to his level.” Peter explained himself, his big brown eyes wide and pleading.
—————————————————
⚠️WARNING: torture and description of injury⚠️
time.
"What the fuck!? He is 14 years old! You can't put him in prison, you sicko!" He felt his blood boil and the urge to punch the screen. Tony was overwhelmed with rage and worry for the spider-kid.
"PUT YOUR HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM!" One of the Kevlar-Clad men, shouted at him. Peter did as he was told, not wanting to make the situation worse. He could see blood staining the carpet around May's head.
Anabelle <3
ебатьвас, значить.- Fuck you, then.
I've started writing again!!! Hopefully i'll have a new chapter up soon and you'll like it.
," Wanda huffed, kicking Pietro's thigh and nearly toppling the large popcorn bowl in his lap.
"Same with Steve. Darcy. Not so much Wilson and Barton. But Banner."
She would undoubtedly be up again in an hour or two, leaping out of bed to go check on Emma, but for now, the two agents could rest safely.
"Kate just texted me about where you can buy whole, canned chickens. I just wanted to make sure that wasn't what we were eating tonight," he said, a mildly disgusted look on his face.
"It's too early for that kind of psych talk," Clint declared. He was silent for a while, and then she felt his hand splay out over her ribcage. "Please don't go," he pleaded quietly, and Natasha hated to leave Clint when he just got back from a mission, she really did. It was always a bad time for both of them to be alone.
Kate smirked at her. "Wanna see the boyfriend that badly, huh?"
"Time for you to tuck in, too," Steve said, ever so patiently. "You guys should've waited until tomorrow to test the protocols out."
"I like it very much, young sir. Shall we place it on the fridge?" Jarvis asked. Peter nodded and skidded to the fridge, not finding a magnet within reach.
"No. This is probably the first time I've been in Peter's vicinity for over six hours."
that Bucky used anything other than Stark tech when he was around Tony. He'd also learned to keep it permanently in buzzing-mode, to avoid awkward ringtones that Barton somehow managed to install on his phone.
"Sorry, Coulson. We've been a little out of it lately, what with getting Emma back in school and cleaning up the mess after Anne. And Tony made some cool discovery earlier today, so the tower's been filled with scientists and stuff."
"Oh. I didn't gets to eat out of the can, bu' we watched Toy Story, and Bucky read Peter Pan!"
Bucky offered to serve her breakfast from their small kitchen on their floor so she wouldn't have to move around all that much just yet, but Clint and Natasha were gonna make their way down, after making sure for the tenth time that Bucky could handle it. When Bucky rolled his eyes at them, Natasha smacked him up against the fridge and stared at him until his eyes flickered away from hers.
"I don't know. I wouldn't say off, but it's definitely something."
"Stark?" Natasha said calmly. Tony stopped and turned around a little, to meet Natasha's green eyes. Immediately he regretted that decision. Her eyes were blazing with cold, deadly fury. "The next time you put Emma in danger like that, I'm holding you physically responsible."
"I doubt that's the source of her refusal to buy the dress."
She caught him on the floor next to the doorway leading to the living room, and fed him the cucumber as Steve and Bucky joined forces in the kitchen.
Now happy, Peter looked up at Bucky with a blinding, truly innocently happy child's smile, and it was strange to see it directed at him. The last time a kid had smiled at him like the world is all right, was when he was training the girls in the Red Room. The girl had smiled at him with bloodstained teeth after beating a man enough according to his standards. She didn't last very long into the program, surprisingly.
"Hard to sleep when you wake up in middle of night to get bandages, but yes, after that I was okay. And you?"
Emma didn't look as violently inclined once she had the other guy pinned, and Clint held his hand up.
"Sorry, sorry," he exhaled, slinging her arm over his shoulder to relieve the pressure. "I
with you?" Bucky said and cuffed him over the back of the head, which Natasha gave him a squinty look for.
"Yeah, but not predictably. It's really willy-nilly on if you're going to heal quick enough that you won't bleed out."
"Lookie Unca' Clint, I'm taller 'n you!" he giggled.
"Gross," Bucky replied and grabbed a rag from the sink, it looked clean enough as he made it damp and crouched down to wipe Peter's hands and then the stepping stool. "What do you wanna eat for dinner?"
Hope you can still enjoy! <3
The door to the shared field-agent-office opened, and the tension in the room immediately rose a few notches. Coulson stepped into the room, a file underneath his arm. A mission. Clint and Natasha made quick eyecontact, and so did Sharon with her partner, over her shoulder.
"Now, see, that's is exactly what it's like having a sister. You're already set, dude, don't need any more siblings," Kate declared from where she was sitting on the kitchen island as she shoved a spoonful of yogurt into her mouth. "You fight, then you get along again miraculously whenever someone else tries to interfere."
"Better, I guess. Nat's definitely still pissed, but Bucky's stopped hovering, which means he actually believes Emma when she says she feels fine."
"Yeah, I'll let Jarvis know where you can find me, sweetheart," Tony said with a wink his husband's way, and Steve smiled back at him. Kate wolf-whistled, and Tony laughed before he stepped around Natasha into the elevator, sipping his coffee.
"Hey, all I knew was that there was a person in a box in Tony's workshop, okay, and we love you Tony, but you have a tendency to make things that are alive, with feelings," Emma said angrily from her seat on the couch in the workshop, where she'd been sat when all the adults arrived. "You don't leave a person in a box just because you don't have time for them anymore."
"And you're his hot babysitter?" she asked, smirking now. Bucky was stumped, and Peter looked concerned. He turned around and put a small hand on Bucky's forehead.
"Of course, Sergeant," Jarvis replied. Bucky wasn't looking forward to this all that much.
"Jesus!" Helen exclaimed, and Clint was on his feet in a second, right behind her and ready to back her up if push came to shove. He didn't like attacking teammates, and especially not
"Amuse me, then. C'mon, it'll be way cooler if I do a dramatic reveal."
The issue at hand was that Bucky had been chosen to babysit Peter Stark-Rogers whilst his parents went on a two day trip to get some well deserved peace and quiet. Bucky was happy that his best friend had built a life and a family in the twenty-first century, he really was, but he wasn't very eager to join him. He didn't feel the need for love like theirs at the moment, and was glad to just hang out with Natasha, or Steve, and sometimes even Clint. He liked just... Being there.
"They're gonna shoot you," she told the Hulk in a low voice, looking for any recognition on his features as he breathed heavily. "You can just stop now. Let Bruce take over. You don't have to get hurt. Nobody does."
"Yeah? You think you'd ever make an honest man out of me?" he asked, finally smiling and looking back at her. Darcy laughed, snorting as she covered her mouth and squeezed his thigh.
"Bucky called me a lot last night," Natasha said. "Makes it feel like something is wrong."
"We gotta put these in the freezer soon," Bucky said as he coaxed the frosting can out of Peter's small hands. He turned his doe eyes on Bucky.
"Hey, Clint. Just the fella I needed to talk to," came Steve's voice from pretty much exactly in front of him, or else his hearing aids wouldn't have picked it all up. Clint opened his eyes to see a slightly dishevled Captain stepping into the elevator.
." She yelled the last bit to the right, her eyes narrowed. There was a muffled reply, and Darcy rolled her eyes. "Since Jane is unavailable, and I've called Bruce a gazillion times, I thought I'd try the tower."
"Yes," Vision agreed, brushing a green and red hand against the yellow fabric. "Very... Cool."
"Nobody's dying," Natasha repeated, a little louder. "Stay with me, Emma."
"Want me to talk you up the same, babe?" he asked, smirking a little at her.
"I miss when I could get that excited about getting to go out after being injured," Clint sighed and dropped down in Emma's seat. "Steve, c'mon, let the man up, I need to eat before I collapse."
"No."
"We really should act on punishments often than we do," Clint said thoughtfully, and Natasha gave him a look that said 'ya think?'.
"Doesn't that concern life and limb?"
They hit up Hot topic, and found the scrunchie for Bucky, as well as a Supernatural bracelet. After some wandering around, Emma found a toy store, which she dragged Damian into.
"I don't agree," Vision said, expression changing slightly, somewhere between befuddled and vexed.
He scratched at the back of his head, his eyes sweeping over the parking lot reflexively. "I don't know."
"Hey," Emma said sharply from where she was perched on Tony's desk chair. All adults looked up at her in confusion. "Vision hasn't decided their gender yet."
So... again... I apologize for the crazy update-space. Um, essentially: I graduated, spent the summer travelling with family and stressing about my life choices, and then made the stressful life choice of beginning uni, and now, here I am, a few months into uni and... yeah. It's been hectic and my muses have been assholes. I think today is the first time in a while that I've managed to write anything of substance in a while, which is nice on one hand, because yay writing again! but also my god, has it been this long????
"Actually, studies show that your "smartness", if you will, comes from your mom. Technically, you can't pin your genius on Howard," Bruce said, with the bunny-ears in the appropriate place.
?" Clint signed, and Emma's sign was a little wonky, what with Bruce being in the way, but she still managed a '
"I have been shown both a playful punch, and a real punch, and have also documented several body positions and facial expressions."
"She's in the living room, and she's impatient," he sighed. "Would you mind taking a look at her now? I'll whip you up some pancakes when you're done."
"I doubt love can heal my messed up body, but thanks for the enthusiasm."
"It's not that I didn't have time," Tony exclaimed, examining the android with amazed eyes. "Dr. Cho said that the calculations were incorrect, that the cradle wouldn't be able to sustain him, that he wouldn't..." Tony trailed off. "You... You are magnificent."
"He won't," Bruce promised. "We made mistakes last time that we didn't repeat in this one. For one, he doesn't have a primary goal. That's what set Ultron off in the first place."
"Probably too close to the mobs. Don't like the thought of that coming after me again."
Damian hummed. "That's the definiton of spoiled, beloved."
"I'm sorry to have startled you, Miss Bishop," Vision said kindly, and Kate narrowed her eyes at them.
"Oh. How'd you deal with that?" Clint asked, waiting surprisingly patiently for his pancake.
"Yeah. Minor freak out this morning."
"Here," he said, looking sort of pouty too.
"That was weird," Bucky said, squinting at Vision. "I don't like him."
"Dr. Cho has been contacted, and she is on her way," he stated, because Jarvis was the absolute best.
?" Darcy asked incredulously as she stepped into their apartment. She blinked as she stopped about a foot from the elevator.
Enjoy! <3
"I know how to use my thumbs," Vision said, a little offended as they wiggled their thumbs at Tony.
"You think just cause it's a new century, I'm gonna propose to you? Oh no, if you want this hot piece of ass, you're gonna have to put a ring on it yourself. Are we done with this adult conversation now?"
"Hey kid," Bucky said, his voice wavering as Peter turned his huge, wet eyes on him. His face was red and he was clutching a tablet in his hands like it could save the world. "What's the matter?" Peter sniffed, and internally Bucky groaned. Bad idea to leave him with kids for too long, it would only make them cry.
"Shut up, Bruce, you need a nap, not a stressful situation, and there's a reason you're not our only medical professional," Clint said firmly.
"I think you did Jarvis very well," he told him seriously, and Peter beamed even more.
"Emma," Bruce interrupted with a little awkward laugh. "Let Vision breathe for a second."
"At least if we're Russian mobsters, we can talk without anyone knowing what we're saying. What are we doing in Bermuda?" Natasha asked, skimming over the details of their cover. Not newbies in the business, but not veterans either, with a fair amount of cash to spend.
" at her.
"Captain Rogers, it seems Sir requires your assistance," came Jarvis' resigned voice from the ceiling.
Stark was on the couch, with Peter sitting on his stomach, one hand absently petting his father's hair. Peter was wearing a blue shirt with the Avengers on it (geek), and a pair of small (apparently kids are
"Layla and Damian. Hope's going on a weekend-trip with her dad and TJ had a band-thing, supposedly. I personally think it's just an excuse so she can stay out with Damian later."
"Jesus Steve,
Both twins' heads' turned to stare at Vision.
"Get-" Bruce rasped, before hitting his hand against the floor. Instead of doing like a floor normally would, the fake-wood of the training room's floor cracked like an eggshell around Bruce's fist. "-out of here!" The end of his sentence wasn't so much as a breath as a loud growl.
"Like where?" Emma questioned.
"Sit there and keep your eyes closed until I find the dress, alright?" she demanded, pointing at him, and Damian nodded and disappeared. Once she'd found the dress, she hurried into the dressing room in front of where Damian was standing, a hand covering his eyes.
"What is the purpose of Lego anyway?" he questioned. Emma gasped, looking scandalized.
They dispersed around ten, Emma and Bucky following Steve and Peter to the park outside. The two super-soldiers wouldn't let her chase Peter around, on account of her leg, but Steve gave her a piggyback ride, and Bucky gave Peter a piggyback ride when he became jealous. They played around until Peter got hungry, and then made their way back to the tower for lunch.
"I go to a public school because I demanded to. Most of my clothes come from Target. I don't have any solid-gold items, or any of Tony's credit cards. I know the numbers to mom's, though her credit is questionable, and despite being offered a couple of times, I don't own a car, or a motorcycle, or anything like it. I don't know if I'd call myself spoiled by Tony's riches."
"Yeah, I know, dad," she mumbled, signing along, and Clint smiled, leaning down to press a reverent kiss to her forehead.
"Do we count as team if we're not on the team?" Darcy asked him from where she was leaning against Thor's shoulder, clutching her coffee cup to her chest like it was a life-sustaining elixir.
And then he roared again. Emma turned tail like a rat, scurrying across the whole training room like they were playing cat and mouse, and that was probably what he thought, that this was a game, and not life and death. That was cool. Emma could work with that. Bruce Banner, one of her favorite uncles, was still in there, still underneath all that, and she could do this if it meant he could go back to being him without anybody hurting him or tranquing him.
"My mission is not fucking up, okay? Deal with it, kid." He took a sip of his coffee, and even though Natasha seemed displeased, she didn't push it further. Which, okay, was kind of an indication that she was going to skin him about it later, which was something he wasn't looking forward to.
He grabbed a cup of coffee from the kitchen, it was apparently already six am, and sipped it whilst gazing out over the not so lazy streets of New York City. He'd gone back to Brooklyn a while ago, to check it out, and found that it didn't look the same, which was a really strange sensation, but New York City had sure as hell not looked like this back in his day. Somehow, the huge change felt better than the smaller one.
"Where
Tony was father to a toddler. He knew cranky moods, and he knew that Vision had been awoken rather rudely and abruptly, instead of like waking up from a particularly restful sleep, like they'd originally planned for the android's boot-up. More fitting that they were born too early and with getting manhandled the moment they were fresh out of the cradle, actually, now that Tony thought about it. A real birth indeed.
"Yeah. I think it's been too long since we had to go save the world. It's bad that I think that's bad, isn't it," Natasha mused silently, tucking a strand of Emma's copper hair behind her ear. Bucky didn't reply to that, but Natasha was satisfied for now. She took one last silent moment to listen to Emma's long, slow breathing before disappearing back down the hall into Clint's room.
"I'll fix dinner and you can... I don't know. Why don't you draw or watch tv or something?"
"Jesus Cap, tone down the sincerity, alright? Christ, yeah, you fucked up. Thanks for admitting it," he agreed, taking Steve's hand in a firm grasp. Steve smiled at him in relief.
"Too bad," Damian said, raising an eyebrow at her. When her phone began to vibrate in her pocket, Emma whipped it out to find Clint vid-calling her.
"Why? We've got time."
"I can't believe the sort of stuff you Americans come up with," Natasha said incredulously as they took a seat. "And which ones?"
"Thank you," Peter beamed, and Kate smiled at him.
"So what'd you want with Stark? Or Steve?" Bucky asked, still with a hand basically covering both of Peter's shoulderblades.
"Yes."
"Oh yeah?" Tony laughed, waving his mug at them. "What about off of me?"
Bruce and Betty were in the kitchen when they got back, and immediately when he laid eyes on her, Bruce was up and standing.
"You were the one that stole my socks in the first place, you jerk!"
"The world isn't a safe place," he replied as he, to Peter's glee, shoved his own dollar into the jar.
"Oh. Well, do you want one?" she asked, a little frown on her face.
"I... Do not know," Vision acknowledged.
"That you're the perfect combo of Hawkeye and Black Widow. That was very Clint and simultaneously very Natasha of you," she explained. Emma beamed as Vision flexed their artificial muscles.
"Hey sweetie. With us?" came Clint's soft voice, and Emma groaned softly, closing her eyes. The throbbing in the back of her head was only rivaled by the way her entire back felt like one big bruise.
Peter looked in his arms.
"I have no father."
"Well, alright. Just promise me you'll be careful, okay?" Emma asked, eyes wide. "Don't want to become an orphan and be sent off again."
"What? Dude, c'mon. I always need the excercise," she said happily, walking over to the elevator with notes in hand.
"Jarvis, did Pietro take the socks?"
Bucky huffed out a laugh at her, and when they met eyes, she saw a bit of a darkness in there that suggested that while he might be walking and talking alright today, it wasn't a
"Dad!" Emma complained. Now when Clint looked up, she was sitting on Pietro and looking disgruntled, his one arm twisted behind his back and the other in a fierce grip. Pietro looked like he was berating himself for not taking Darcy up on being taught self-defense. "Pietro won't tell me where he's put my socks!"
"Whoah!" she exclaimed as Vision continued through a series of different attack-patterns, kicks and blows and shifting density as they went. The energy-shields wavered a little, flickering for just a second when Vision punched the invisible barrier.
"Not a lot of either, actually," Betty pointed out. Bruce frowned, and Emma put a hand on his shoulder.
"Itches like all hell," Emma announced loudly.
"Hey, Buck, that's not how they mean it," Steve hurried to soothe. Bucky muttered a few choice words in Russian and took off for the elevator.
"You paid twenty-five cents for it!"
"Fine," Emma pouted. "Alright, well. Think of it like this, Pym: babies don't know gender roles, yeah?" When Pym just gave her a baffled look, she raised her eyebrows at him, making a gesture with her hand like she was expecting a response. Hank sputtered into motion.
He ate with them, because Peter asked him to, and then he packed his shit, and he left the tower, taking in lungfuls of air as he stepped outside the building. Bucky sprinted home, unlocking his appartment with quick, practiced movements, and closed the door after him. When Natasha texted him Darcy's number an hour after he'd unpacked, he wasn't even surprised she knew. Natasha always knew.
"No I'm not." Emma burst out laughing, and Damian scowled. "I'm not!"
"Nothing, just... It noticed," Wanda told her softly, and Emma shrugged before continuing her fiddling. She could hear urgent beeping from the vital signs that she'd put on the holo-screen in the main area, and she flicked a switch on the controlpad that made the room around them light up like it'd been hit with a surge of energy.
"No, but they've met during their business-dealings, and he was contacted with an invitation when the casino was finished. We intercepted it, and planned to decline on his part, and instead ask him to graciously accept Valentina Ivanovna Dorokhova, and her trusty partner Dmitri Mikhailovich Volotskoi instead. Russell agreed to do so, but we'd already created the identities before we sent it off, since he'd probably look you up."
"Yes, yes, god, yes, I hear you! Get off," Tony got out, his voice a little choked. Natasha was back on her feet in a second, looking down at the two of them like a big storm cloud. Clint offered Steve a hand up, but kept his face neutral. He sort of agreed with Natasha, was the thing. Had it been Peter, Steve and Tony would've reamed them, no doubt. That they brushed it off with Emma just because she could heal, that didn't sit right with him.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
. Nothing like that," he muttered, leaning back against the bike. Emma swung her legs around so they were facing the same way. "I think I'm just not... used to being in the same place for this long."
She snorted. "I haven't even been at my new job for six months. We haven't even been dating for two years! Trust me when I say I'm not looking to settle down right this second."
"Oh, yes, A-plus, I wish my parents had let me go womano-a-womano with my sister like that when I was growing up," Kate sighed. "That would've been awesome. I would've kicked Susan's fucking ass."
"Give Uncle Buck hell, 'kay?" he said and eskimo kissed his baby boy.
"You can't cook to save your life, Katie-Kate. Let the pros take over," he scoffed, swiping half of his coffee in one sip, and then sniffing the pancake batter. "This is... Not good. Please dear god, step away from the kitchenware before you hurt yourself."
"That doesn't sound like something she would do," Damian pointed out, laying his arm against the back of the bench. Emma scooted closer to him, tossing her leg up over his.
"Yeah, right. You just want to try Lego all on your own, don't you?"
Hulk charged for her, and Emma ran back into the alcove, jumping up in the still rings and swinging out of range with her heart hammering in her chest.
"So no tattoos either? Damn. You'd look hot with it, though," she pointed out. He pulled the glasses down just enough so she could see him roll his eyes at her. "Stop it! I'm serious, Dames, you'd look hot!"
"Of course they are. Your papa and your dada wouldn't stay away from you for long." Peter nods carefully, and places himself back in Bucky's lap, sitting down to play with his cars.
They walked into Macy's, and Emma pushed Damian in the direction of the changing rooms.
Bucky moved past Vision to press a brief kiss to Darcy's forehead, only to be grabbed and kissed properly on the lips.
"Fine. See you at dinner," she called as she made her way out of the room, running her hands over Dummy's servos and You's platform before she was out the door.
"Aunt Darcy!" Peter squealed, and scrambled off the floor, grinning brightly at the tv. The woman, 'Aunt Darcy', smiled at him, and her smile was warm, showing off a slight gap in between her two front teeth. Bucky's heartbeat felt like it had just stuttered.
"Aunt Tasha. And Dada!" Peter replied, then happily telling Darcy about the billions of cupcakes that now hid in his fridge.
"Yeah, well, you got yourself shot when we told you to not do the thing that got you shot. So yeah, that one's on you. However, did we tell you to patch up your own bullet wounds?" Clint cajoled. Pietro frowned.
something he'd think a four and a half year old boy would want to do, but hey, he wasn't one to judge.
Damian smirked. "Should I bring my fathers estimated net worth up as well?"
"Right, and anyway, Emma's self-sufficent, you'll all eat together anyways, and Happy has promised to drive Emma to the places she needs to go if nobody else can take her. She does have a test tomorrow, and a book she needs to have finished by the end of the week, but other than that, you just need to know where she is," Clint shrugged, sitting back down at the table to eat. Bruce sighed.
"A wise choice, Miss Emma," Jarvis agreed. "I will see to it that he gets there."
"Hey Ariel. How're you doing?" Tony asked. Emma yawned, and pulled an earbud out, settling on the couch so that she could hug her giraffe, lean against the back of the couch, and have Lucky's head in her lap simultaneously.
in his reach, usually. "Because Aunt Tasha and Uncle Clint think they're hilarious."
When Peter was on his second pancake and Bucky on his sixth, the doors to the elevator slid open.
"Yeah, no, I agree with Bruce here; having good healing powers is not a good enough reason to throw yourself in front of a rampaging Hulk," Clint grit out, surprisingly looking sort of angry.
"Is that Wanda's top?" he asked incredulously as he stared at the low-cut, tight, burgundy shirt Emma was wearing.
"Really?" Steve and Bucky replied at the same time, both just as shocked.
"You've been following me since I got here, and now you're going to stop," Damian said, his voice sharp and holding no argument.
Emma blinked. "Wait, seriously?"
"And what's that?"
"Like I said, we're talking future, doll, not right this second. I want you to have what you want."
Clint stopped walking towards the elevator immediately, gripping Emma's shoulders gently and trying to hold her gaze.
"Stay away, Miss Emma," Jarvis said, sounding a little cold now, which intriuged Emma.
"I have a register over the full spectrum of color visible to the human eye," Vision relayed a little sheepishly.
"Peter?" Bucky called out in alarm. No response. Internally cursing in all the languages he knew, he dashed through the place, checking the kitchen, living room, all the places on their floor where he could possibly be hiding. When he came up with nothing from the frantic search, he flashed his teeth at the ceiling in a snarl. "Jarvis, where's Peter?"
"I meant, like, on your body, but alright," she smiled. "I probably wouldn't get pierced at Claire's either. I'm pretty sure Darcy did her own piercings in her ears and they didn't get infected, so if I ever wanted to try, I've got people at home who can do it for free."
"Maybe I don't want to go," he said haughtily, and Clint rolled his eyes.
"Do not make spill my coffee all over you!" Clint shouted as Lucky barked and jumped up to lick it off.
"Is your dada's AI sassing me?" Bucky said to Peter, who tilted his head in confusion. "Nevermind. Spaghetti and tomato sauce sound good?"
Emma patted his feet, and reached out her hands."Well hey, Darcy's job is pretty sweet, you can just be a trophy husband for the rest of your life. That probably wouldn't trigger you."
“Can we just drive?” asked Tony softly.
“I know.”
“Yes Tony?”
“Steve didn’t want to tell Sarah because of how she doesn’t like you,” admitted Tony quietly. “But I don’t think Sarah is homophobic. She’s not mean to Phil. I think she just doesn’t really like you.”
“Who are you going out with?”
“I want to tell you but he hasn’t come out to his adult yet,” said Tony, biting his lip. “So can you promise not to tell his adult yet?”
“There are some things I need to know for safety reasons,” said Loki. As Tony was growing up Loki had always made an effort to explain his reasons to his son. He noticed that Tony was often more calm when he knew the why behind tasks or questions. “The first questions I ask are things I have to know in case anything happens. The rest of the questions are things I am curious about but you don’t need to share with me at this time.”
Loki smiled. There were a lot of times when he felt like he wasn’t doing a great job parenting Tony. Tony had come to him with so many things to work through and Loki did his best but he was never sure if he was doing it well. So moments like this, when Tony was reassuring him that he was a good dad, Loki felt like he was doing something right.
“Just look at his teeth,” said Dr. Cho with a smile. “He’s just a big puppy, aren’t you handsome?”
“We are friends,” said Tony brightly.
Loki set aside his book on the side table and gave his son his full attention.
“Thanks for being a great dad and not stalking me on my first date. That would have been mortifying.”
Loki laughed softly before he dove into the story of his own first date, elaborating and expanding on details just to hear his son laugh. And that’s how they spent the rest of the night that should have been Tony’s first date.
“Well I thought you were on a date and just didn’t want to tell me,” snapped Sarah.
“Well I can very confidently say that you are not an old boy, are you?” said Dr. Cho to Bruce the Dog. “No, those silly people were all wrong. Maybe nine months but not nine years.”
“We’ll take him,” said Steve as he watched Tony beam while he petted the dog.
“What?” asked Steve, concerned that suddenly the date – which had been going well – was heading south.
“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” said Tony before kissing Steve soundly.
Steve opened his mouth to reprimand his family of choice before glancing down at Tony, who was looking up at him with painfully hopeful eyes.
“Then you might want to text a few people to join us because your mom just came in and is sitting across the way looking right at us,” said Tony.
Tony got up and jumped into Steve’s arms.
“How else are we supposed to tell the difference between Bruce the Dog and you, Bruce the Human?” asked Steve with a smile.
“Really,” said Steve.
Bruce the Human threw his hands in the air while Bruce the Dog wagged his tail happily next to Tony.
Everyone froze for a moment, not sure they heard correctly.
“Fuck,” groaned Steve under his breath.
“Thank you,” said Loki with a smile. “Now for the questions you don’t have to answer. Are you ready?”
“But he’s a boy,” said Sarah slowly, trying to work it out in her head.
“Steve, I thought you were out with friends,” said Sarah with a frown. She didn’t dislike Tony but he was not the person she thought her son was out with. Honestly, she thought he had been out on a date and was too shy to tell her, which was why she followed him. She just wanted to see who he was dating.
“It’s nice to meet you Tony, but I was actually referring to the dog,” said Dr. Cho with a smirk.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were gay?” said Sarah, tears in her eyes as Tony slid past her.
“What do you need from me right now?” asked Loki when Tony was safely in the car.
“Wait, you actually got him a dog?” said Clint, entering the living room where Tony was hanging out with his new best friend before going to the kitchen. “I wanted to do that! I thought you were just going to the pound to walk the dogs and help out, you know, get Tony out a little bit more now that he can walk around easier.”
Bucky blinked. "How can you know that you'll never want kids?"
Just then, Natasha dropped down, crouching to absorb the shock, and immediately going for Emma on the floor. She paid no attention to Clint, entirely sure he had her back, and needing him to have Bruce's back as well, while she fixed Emma up as best as she could.
"I look hot and Kate is afraid I'm gonna out-hot her when I get older."
The Hulk howled in frustration, beating his hands against the ground angrily as she dropped down on the floor, waiting for his next move. The door opened, and her mom, dad, and Kate spilled into the room, both Hawkeyes with tranq-arrows loaded and ready to shoot any moment.
Emma shrugged, her eyes glinting with seriousness. "Worked pretty good with the head, I guess I thought it'd translate to other body parts."
"No, because you've got all the firepower you need right up there," Tony smirked, tapping his head.
"Cobalt blue?" Emma wagered.
"Hi guy- I mean team!" Steve corrected quickly, shooting them a sheepish smile. Peter made a noise that sounded like 'hi daddy' through his mouthful of pancakes. "Hi team. How are you doing today?"
"Alright, hey, hey, Bruce, let's get you up," Clint murmured, his voice soothing and calm as he gently took hold of Bruce's naked shoulders and helped him into a sitting position next to Emma instead of half on top of her. It was first then, it seemed that Bruce even realized the other man was there.
"Don't be so impatient. We'll figure something out that you can do, don't worry. Push comes to shove, you can always go to college, I guess," she said, shoving her helmet on and straddling the bike.
"Got a mean right hook, too. We sparred a few days ago, and she got me in the thigh. It's a surprisingly big bruise for such a little person," Kate said, rubbing at her leg, where the bruise undoubtedly was.
The elevator doors opened again, revealing Natasha and Clint, freshly showered from a workout combined with sparring session.
"Give it to the cranky kid," he said, nodding towards Peter. Now he was out of his clothes, and Steve let him run free until food was ready. Peter had developed a love for pasta lately, which was sort of stressing his parents out. It was easy to make but Tony kept insisting he didn't want his little baby to get scurvy or something equally awful.
"It's Wanda's. She let me borrow it."
Vision did as they were told, and Bruce did some bending of joints, feeling of backmuscles, and stared in bafflement as Vision held a very amused Emma above their head.
By the morning, Emma's leg was almost entirely healed, just a scab left behind, and she kept picking on it like it was stressing her out that it was even there. She wouldn't stop poking it until Natasha taped it over with gauze, not wanting to see the ugly wound any more than she had to on Emma's usually unmarred skin.
"Kiddos," Clint sighed loudly. "C'mon. Emma, apologize for being mean, Pietro, let her know where she can find her socks."
"Yes, yes, I got Peter, take your time," Bruce said, appearing from behind the newspaper to wave him off. The moment Steve opened the doors to the stairs, there was a burst of wind, and Pietro appeared, holding a bag of Doritos and eating straight from it.
"Thank you!" Emma sing-songed. "Peter, can you say 'thank you' to Kate?"
, always ready to laugh. It bothered Wanda a little. A child that had seen such horrors such as this one should not be so ready to laugh. Wanda herself had seen about the same level of horrors, and yet she didn't feel like smiling all the time.
Peter's joyful laughter filled the room, from where he was being carried on Sam's shoulders.
"I have not yet documented a hug," Vision agreed, and Emma lit up. Immediately, she embraced Vision in a hug, squishing her face against their chest.
"Ms. Lewis," he said happily.
Bruce pursed his lips, but then sighed in defeat.
"Any of your famous pancakes left, birdbrain?" she asked, and the warm tone said everything her hands and words didn't.
"I need to assess force that can be applied, and what touch I can reciprocate."
"Alright, kid. What do you wanna do?" Bucky asked. Peter looked up at him, his face confused and kinda... Cute.
"I know. I would just prefer to be alone and on a couch with you right now."
"Now even I know that's a dark joke," Damian huffed, and took the little cupcake from her hands, putting it back and steering her out of the store.
"Not that that's much of an achievement," Kate muttered mutinously under her breath as she went to sit behind the kitchen island. Sam burst out laughing.
"Right. Do you like my shirt?"
Just then, Vision came through the floor.
Bucky quickly made his way down there, typing in his passcode. The doors didn't open. He concidered just breaking the glass, but decided against it and sighed, leaning on the glass door.
"What, you want to leave me here, puff boy?" she asked him incredulously.
"But you do, I hope?" he snarked as he placed all the cans on their designated shelf in the fridge.
"He's beautiful," she whispered. When everyone raised their eyebrows at her, she blushed, actually, honest-to-god
"Dumbass body," she said, loud and clear enough for Clint to register, and he pressed a kiss to her forehead, now frowning a little.
He shrugged. "I've never had a dog before. Lucky's a pretty cool dog. You reminded me when you said foster kids need homes."
doing up so late?" he teased as he turned back to his screens again, tossing a screwdriver onto the tabletop.
"Seriously, what is up with you today? You're all tense, Jarvis," Emma protested. "Hit the lights." Jarvis didn't follow her command, so she assumed he was still being pissy. "Fine. Wanda? Glow-stick, please."
"Not fair," she mumbled when he dropped a kiss on her exposed neck.
"In a cabin somewhere," he said with a shrug. "They'll be back later today."
"In a secondary capacity, fine," Natasha said, meeting his eyes and holding them. "Can we trust you?"
"Yes," he murmured, hooking his left pinkie with hers.
"Ones she can fight, ones she doesn't think she'll have to fight, ones she hopes she won't have to fight, and ones she definitely won't have to fight. I think very few people get past that last line."
"I thought you had it figured out," she said, gently laying her hand in the crook of his elbow. Bucky shrugged and looked away.
"Okay,
Kate was making pancakes by the stove, bopping along to some song in her earbuds, with Lucky running around her feet, chasing the cat around. Thor sat by the kitchen table with Peter, keeping a watchful eye on him as the little boy ate some berries and cereal. Sam was putting Peter's fluffy brown hair into a very small pigtail at the top of his head to get his hair out of his face, and Darcy was yawning and smiling at him at the same time.
Wanda raised an eyebrow at Emma, who grinned back.
"Oh, have you seen this headline? Can't believe Darcy let it pass print," Betty said with a concerned look on her face as Emma gathered their plates up to put in the dishwasher. "
He grunted, and she rolled her eyes, pressing up against his side in a quick hug before she sucked her orange fingers into her mouth. Bucky made a disgusted noise, wrinkling his nose.
"Bucky as in... Bucky Barnes? The Winter Soldier?" she asked, her voice now colder, and he gave her a sad smile.
Natasha picked the phone up with a sense of dread. Bucky had called her six times last night. Shit.
"Are you hot?" he asked, worriedly, and Bucky blanked out a moment. His parents had passed on their caring nature on him.
There was the sound of metal connecting with soft tissue, and Emma looked up at the two on the sparring mats. Bucky was grinning, and Steve was wheezing. He was probably the soft tissue the metal hand had connected with, and while Steve was on his ass on the floor, Bucky was almost crouched over in silent laughter, while Steve turned an alarming shade of red.
"You're calling a suit," Vision pointed out incredulously, floating up into the corner of the training room with their arms crossed like a scolded child who obviously just wanted to test out their new protocols.
"Currently it's mine," Emma declared, and Wanda's eyebrows furrowed further.
"It looks good on her," Wanda said, giving him a challenging look to say otherwise, and Emma beamed up at her.
Tony blinked back. "Well, you need to go to college at some point, and it's not like I don't have the money. What, were you going to pay it? I have money saved for whatever wedding you might like too, if your parents don't get hitched."
"'M hungry."
"It is not a person," Jarvis argued, finally. "It's an android."
"I'll add one more stripe. Choose carefully," he said, and Peter's tiny eyebrows furrowed as he stared intently at the cupcake. "What time is it even?"
," Emma began, hopping off the chair, and Tony put his hands on her shoulders.
"There's a swear jar?" Clint said incredulously, and Peter dutifully pointed to a vase Bucky had passed off as decoration. It was an old, battered vase, actually probably the only thing about the kitchen that wasn't overly modern or overly anything. Maybe overly tacky. It was a brick red, and covered with colorful flowers in different shapes, as if done by a child.
"...No."
Bucky got up, internally panicking, because shit, what if he started crying again? Twice in a day made Bucky feel like maybe he wasn't so good at this. And he kinda wasn't, but at least if he kept the crying to a minimum, he'd feel better telling Steve that his son was alive.
His bed was empty.
"I have no clue why. Probably Stevie's idea," Bucky said, shrugging.
"I have no experience! I'm gonna screw up and accidentally kill him!"
"We're changing the name as soon as we're done with these tests," Bruce yawned. "I need to sleep, after this. You know how I get when I don't."
"They're my favorites! And I'm not beating him up," Emma protested.
"Well, that settles it. Bucky! Get this man some food."
"Already rebelling! Good for you," Emma said, patting his shoulder without really thinking. Immediately, Vision returned the gesture, patting her shoulder. Emma grinned. "Attagirl. Or- boy? I don't know. You're a robot. What do you identify as? You don't even have genitals. Do you? Ah, I don't wanna think about Tony making a robot dick!"
"Essentially, Miss Emma."
"Sup Cap. What do you need?" he replied automatically.
"Is Peter a mission to you?" Shit. The way Natasha said it made him inwardly cringe. He was glad that he couldn't see any anger in her features though, he'd trained her well. A sick sense of pride settled within him.
"You barely slept. I barely slept because of that. Hence, I'm napping, so you're napping. Simple as that," he said simply. Natasha pursed her lips, but didn't fight him on it. Clint internally fist-bumped himself in victory, before glancing over at Pietro's bag of doritos. "Is that your first meal of the day?"
He considered that, and pulled his one leg up on the couch, so he could more comfortably face her. Darcy reacted in kind, pulling a leg up and tilting her head at him.
"Person in a box in Tony's lab! For all I knew, it could've been a fucking corpse for real!" Emma exclaimed defiantly, back to crossing her arms over her chest.
"Stable and independent," Jarvis replied smoothly. "All doctors have been notified."
"I can't have kids, Darcy. Hydra didn't want me to have kids, so I can't," he confessed silently. Her determined frown relaxed into a relieved smile.
Wanda had decided she wanted a drivers license, which meant she needed a licensed driver to teach her. Seeing as Steve was a maniac behind the wheel and not actually licensed by anyone, Tony regularly crashed cars, Bruce was too easy to scare into a Hulk, and Natasha didn't actually have a drivers license in her own name, Darcy and Clint were assigned as her tutors. She'd caught up quick and managed to get her license on the first try, which was why she was now always looking for a reason to go somewhere with one of Tony's fancy cars.
"Quit it," Bruce said with an eyeroll, but he did look a little tired, and he kept rubbing his neck distantly. "Vision, run protocols."
The door opened, and Clint's head popped in.
"Alright," he said, shaking his head in disbelief as Peter scooted closer to the wall. Bucky slid into the small bed next to him, and Peter burrowed into him, underneath his metal arm and with his tiny head on Bucky's lower torso. He was so tiny, Bucky felt like if he took too deep of a breath, he'd accidentally snap his neck or something equally horrifying and ridiculous.
"Oh. Well, what for?"
Now, to make up for my absence, here's a long chapter!
When she turned back around, Dr. Cho was smiling at her.
"I don't know what I want," he admitted. Darcy raised an eyebrow at him.
"Sure is," she agreed sweetly, and Bruce blinked a couple of times before his eyes widened in horror.
She tilted her head at Vision, and shoved her twin with her toe again. "No. I think it's sweet. More effort than you make."
It was a weird system, but it was a functioning one.
"I wouldn't dream of it," Damian said, steering her towards the exit. If the hand around her waist was partly there to support her weight, well, it wasn't like Emma had to call him out on it.
"It's not even that bad. Just tastes like chemicals," Damian said, wrinkling his nose.
?" Bucky said, sounding disgusted and angry. All surprised eyes turned to him. "Practically a fucking human being and you're calling 'm a project?"
"Probably did."
"It's wordplay, alright? It's funny. Steve laughed when I told him," he pouted. "To initiate the program, just go lay down, close your eyes, do some circulatory system rotations until you start to fade to black. Got it?"
"Watch it," Clint said in a sing-song tone, giving her a pointed look. "Car privileges can be revoked if enough people get hit by stray flying keys." To that, the Scarlet Witch rolled her eyes, but clutched the keys in hand firmly.
"What's the matter?"
"Why's mom awake?" Emma asked incredulously.
"They're not?" Peter asked. "I think they're funny."
"Depends. Gonna stay something ignorant?"
Bucky shook his head in frustration. "I just- I don't want to be the source of your unhappiness!"
"Just us here," he replied with a shrug.
"Right. There you go, Helen."
"Yeah, I'd expect it to. The doc gave you morphine but your body just keeps burning through it."
"That's a dollar in the swear jar for you, Natalia," he said. Her face was a not very rare complexion of 'are-you-fucking-kidding-me', but he only gave the swear jar a glance. She rolled her eyes but got up and stuffed a dollar in the beat up swear jar. Then she went into the living room, grabbed Clint, and walked back into the kitchen.
"I'm sorry, Vis. We just want to keep you safe, for now," Tony hurried to soothe. Helen nudged their head a little to the left, and plugged in a cord into their neck. Vision looked a little uncomfortable, but Hank and Helen weren't paying attention.
They stopped at a gas station, and grabbed some snacks in the store while he loaded up the tank. While they waited, Emma swung up on the bike, ripping open her bag of Doritos.
"Of course, Agent Romanov," he said sweetly, and Natasha narrowed her eyes at him over her shoulder as the doors closed again.
"What's life without a little fun at your own expense?" Emma shrugged. "I'd rather laugh about it than cry about it. If I had to cry about it, I'd probably never be able to stop."
"Clint, Pietro, grab and lift when I tell you to," she urged, spreading the blanket Pietro brought over the rubble next to her. At Pietro's grossed out look, Emma groaned.
Vision turned out to be quite the explorer. Silent, able to change his density: he was best equipped to investigate every corner of the tower in a day. Lucky was a little suspicious of him, but once Clint had taught Vision where Lucky liked to be scratched, the dog had no troubles with him.
"Alright, you got me there. Do you trust me?" she asked, holding a pinkie out, one that wasn't covered in fake-cheese.
"I'm fine, I'm- Seriously Steven, I'm fine! How's Peter?" Tony asked Steve hurriedly.
Clint and Natasha met up with Coulson to discuss the details of their mission the next day, and Emma managed to convince them that she was perfectly healthy enough to go to Damian's place and hang out like she'd promised.
"Want me to wrap your hand again afterwards?" Steve asked as he handed Tony a mug of coffee and kissed him on the cheek, because he was a caring and loving husband. Emma thought it was cute.
"Of course, Sergeant," Jarvis replied, sounding pleased with Bucky's choice of action. Thank god. If the AI approved, he wasn't doing anything wrong.
," Pietro pointed out.
"I need that for now. Okay?" Natasha asked him, and Peter nodded as she set him down, toddling back to his dad as everyone gawked a little. All except for Bucky, who didn't care, and Clint, who knew what she meant.
, and Darcy, and Steve, and mom, and- actually, there isn't any sole credit to go to anyone, if you wanna hand out credit. You're doing good, is what I mean. Maybe the next step isn't to, like, move into a house in the suburbs, get a wife and 2.5 kids with a dog, maybe it's just acknowledging that that's not what you want." Bucky pressed his lips together. Emma's eyebrows raised. "Or is that what you want?"
"You want to adopt a dog?" she asked, her voice soft and reverent. He shrugged uncomfortably.
"Wonder why they didn't eat you. Shoo!" She snickered again, and hopped off to the bathrooms, still with her crumpled bag in hand.
"No. You need to quit threatening my creations, Nat," Tony said, putting his hands on his hips, looking a little annoyed. Natasha raised an eyebrow at him threateningly, and Tony hid behind Steve.
About halfway through the movie, Peter made his move, and snaked his way into Bucky's lap, stunning the former assassin and HYDRA agent. Best way to throw him off: place a child that he had no intention to harm in his custody for over an hour. Peter's head dropped back against his chest, and he noticed just how fucking
Natasha waltzed into the room in jeans and a black tee, giving Clint a look over her shoulder when he shuffled into the room.
"Where did it hit you?" Natasha questioned.
"I did always wonder about how speedily they got that cat in their arms."
"Yeah," Emma admitted, and Bruce nodded. "Awesome! Jarvis, put Bruce in my Starktab."
"That sounds lovely, but he was really freaking out yesterday. I want to know that he can handle it."
"What?" he asked, even though he knew exactly which occasion she was talking about. From the frowny twitch to Natasha's lips, she also knew which time Kate was talking about. Kate only raised her eyebrows at him.
"I'm as horrified as I am curious," Emma declared, and took off for the door.
"What exactly happened again?" Clint asked, looking suspicious.
And now another human being was supposed to be relying on him for the same things. It made him feel kinda uncomfortable, but he was now clinging to Natasha's promise of coming over and distracting Peter.
"And who are these people?" Vision questioned.
"I am currently reading a 'blog' by a transgender woman named Samantha, sharing her life-experiences," Vision relayed, and Emma nodded approvingly.
"Why are you so mean?"
"Yes, yes, I did. Don't worry. It's in my luggage. I met Natasha in the common room, she told me she'd take it to my floor,"
"Hey, Emma, hey, remember
Bucky looked skeptical, but stood up again, and gave Vision a reasonably hard punch in the pec. The metal didn't dent, but Vision's whole body moved with the blow. The green eyes flashed, and the robot made a 'hmm' noise.
"Alright soldier boy, be helpful," she snickered, and Bucky spun her around, tossing her over his shoulder. "Hey, careful with the goods!"
"There's a room available next to Miss Bishop," Jarvis relayed, and Tony yawned a little.
sure it was the couch in Bruce's workshop. She hoped she hadn't bled all over it.
"I apparently haven't been apart from you for too long, since I can tell that you just capitalized 'situation' in your mind."
"Well then, we'll list you as unidentified until you figure it out. That's cool too. Take your time," Emma said with a reassuring nod. Vision nodded back, now looking more determined. "Read some books about gender and stuff. That's what Steve did to figure out it was cool to be gay nowadays. Also I'm pretty sure Tony drunkenly kissed Rhodey and nobody really reacted. You'll meet Rhodey soon, you'll like him. Very non-nonsense. Hey, are you two alright over there?" she then called over. Bucky had collapsed back on his ass too now, head tossed back and grinning.
"Yeah, sure," Helen said, looking a little spooked as Clint followed his partner onto the elevator and closed the doors.
At one am, the doors opened, and Emma, wearing headphones and holding her stuffed giraffe, entered the room. She crawled up on the couch, her dog trotting after her, and Tony didn't even really question it. Barnes' insomnia wasn't as severe anymore, probably from regular serotonin-bombs, courtesy of one Darcy Lewis, but Emma's was still a real beast.
"Right! The puke-a-palooza," Clint said distastefully. "I'm never eating a Hershey's bar again."
"I told you to stop taking pictures," Damian growled this time, all attempts at calm gone. He dropped the pieces on the marble floor, and took Emma's hand again, walking out of there as the guy yelled after him that he had to pay for that.
"We leave on Tuesday, meet-up with Coulson tomorrow. Tony's gonna fix some things for me, and then we're in the clear. We'll be gone for about a week, probably," Clint explained.
"Override Peter's statement and tell me where the hell he is!" Bucky demanded, nearly slamming his hand through a wall. If he lost Steve and Stark's kid, he was fucked. Natasha would kill him and skin him, and Barton would shoot his half dead corpse with acid arrows. And that was
"It is 4:19 pm, Sergeant Barnes," Jarvis supplied.
Damian blinked and stopped just outside the store. "What is the matter with you today?"
He scoffed, but pulled her to her feet, and patted the pockets of his jacket hanging by the elevator. "What do trophy husbands do, then?"
"Thankfully, you're both going to be okay. I'll go grab Mr. Grumpy. Your room tonight?"
"Well, Barton, as Jones continuously points out, I'm very rich," Damian hummed when they pulled apart. Emma snorted.
Maybe it was time for expansion?
Peter gave him a bright grin, and Bucky was fucking stuck. The kid had charmed him. Fuck.
"I like him already," Clint chuckled. "Do you eat?"
"How?" Emma asked curiously. Natasha held up a few fingers to count on.
," Pietro complained, his words obscured by his full mouth.
"Love you too, dad!" she called, and Clint got a wave from Wanda and a big grin from Pietro before the doors closed behind them and they disappeared.
"See? Tony cares very much about Emma."
"Aunt Tasha?"
"What
"Yeah, kiddo," he replied, using his real arm to put Peter in a better position, so that he could see Darcy as well. Peter was a surprisingly tactile kid. Then again, Tony touched
"Oh. Yeah okay," he said with a shrug. "C'mon, let's not keep Katie-Kate waiting."
"You don't appreciate the view?" Emma asked, stepping back to twirl on the spot.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What's for lunch?" she asked.
"That he learns better when he's hearing someone saying something. Jarvis, you read him a lot of audio books, don't you?"
“Nope. Thanks Dad. I’m going to go get ready.”
“Possibly but not too much I would think. But it’s always difficult to tell with mixes.”
“To dinner,” said Tony with a smile. “It’s at that diner Shortcakes.”
“And a bed and a leash and a bowl with his name on it.”
“Um, do you not want a puppy?” asked Tony softly.
“You’re probably correct,” agreed Loki. “But that doesn’t make Steve’s fears any less real to him.”
“Between midnight and one,” said Tony promptly. He didn’t have a strict curfew, it was more of an agreement between his dad and him for each different instance.
“Really?” said Tony, looking up with big eyes, hardly daring to believe that his boyfriend was really going to get this dog for him.
Loki pulled away from the curb and they headed off into the evening with no destination in mind.
“Bruce the Human!” crowed Clint, laughing loudly. “Yes! That is the only way I will refer to you now.”
“He’s a bit big,” said the worker. “Very well behaved and friendly but everyone wants a puppy or the smaller dogs. And he’s nine and big.”
“My first date was an utter disaster as well,” admitted Loki instead of saying anything else. “Is that something you would like to hear about now or would you like to hear it later?”
“Friends plural? As in, more than one?”
“What do you mean you’re on a date?” said Sarah, shocked, looking at Tony as though he would turn into someone else if she looked hard enough. “You’re just here with Tony.”
“Yup.”
“Tony is my date,” groaned Steve, now upset that his mom just wasn’t getting it. “We are on a date mom. Tony and me.”
“Yes,” said Steve slowly.
“This is Tony my boyfriend,” said Steve proudly.
“Hey, just call me later,” said Tony with a soft smile. “We can try this again some other time. You have a lot to talk to your mom about.”
“Do you think you will go anywhere after dinner?”
“Tony – “ said Steve, looking heartbroken.
When they got home everyone was there relaxing. Steve put the dog bed in the corner of their bedroom while Tony proudly introduced the others to his dog.
“Will he get any bigger?” asked Steve, suddenly a little anxious. Bruce the Dog was already very big, he couldn’t imagine having an even bigger dog in an apartment.
Steve knew he would get teased endlessly, mostly by Clint, for giving in at the first bat of Tony’s lashes, but he wasn’t about to deny his boyfriend anything that he could so easily give. It helped that frankly Tony rarely asked for anything and hadn’t asked for this dog, he had just come in to play with the pound puppies and volunteer and happened to fall in love with a dog.
“Thank you for tell me,” said Loki. “And again, I will not talk to his mother about this. Do you want me to call you at a set time in case the date is going poorly so you can blame me for having to leave early?”
The next day Steve took Tony and the dog to a vet he knew to get the dog checked over.
Loki went back to his book, though his mind was mulling over his concerns about this date. Over the years Steve had become a good friend to Tony and his mother, Sarah, was often at social gatherings but Sarah and Loki didn’t exactly get along the best. They tried and in front of the children they were okay but Sarah was blunt and Loki was guarded and they clashed. Phil often had to step in to try and smooth things over. So Loki was wondering how Sarah would react when she found out about her son going on a date with Tony.
“A puppy is fine,” assured Steve quickly. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay with it. Puppies are a lot of work.”
“Hey, not that I don’t want to stay but I am really uncomfortable and don’t actually want to stay,” said Tony softly. “So I’m just going to go.”
“Bruce the Dog is just a big cuddly baby who want to be loved,” insisted Tony, hugging Bruce the Dog close.
