He took a step back, reluctantly dropping his hands from Cas’ face. “We’ll talk later.” He added the words dumbly as he scooped up his phone and grabbed his jacket. He made the mistake of turning back to Cas, and he saw the sad smile on his lips. Cas knew the placating words were a lie as much as Dean did. He’d do anything possible to avoid talking about his feelings, even and possibly especially with Cas. He shrugged into his jacket, and wasn’t sure how to leave things with Cas. A joke? A line that sounded like something out of a chick flick? Maybe a lewd remark was the easiest. Or he could simply run away.
What they were established, why they felt the need to ruin Castiel’s perfectly domestic date was still a mystery. He struggled to free his hands. If he had one arm free, he could start smiting these demons and carry on with what was left of their day… but there were too many of them. Why? What did they want? Cas turned his head to check on Dean, but his face was still ashen and he was laying his gun on the ground… not that bullets would have helped against a demon attack, but still. Why would he give up?
Dean snorted a laugh. Cas didn’t know the half of it. Actually, he probably did. “Yeah, I know I’m an idiot.”
Sam walked ahead of Cas through the garage door, and Cas turned back to give Dean the kind of smile that made him want to say stuff he shouldn’t then pin the angel against the wall. He found himself smiling back for a second, then cleared his throat. “Please behave.” Dean muttered under his breath, then brushed past Cas to walk around to the Impala.
That’s when he felt it, the tip of the angel blade piercing his skin. Not enough to kill him, nor even to really inflict pain, but to get his attention. His head whipped back around to see which demon was running this show and instinctively Cas pressed further against the ground, trying to get away from the blade.
A slow clap from the woods drew his attention and suddenly the blade was gone, though the demons holding him down didn’t move nor did they loosen their hold on the angel.
“Dean?” Sam stopped outside Dean’s door, looking concerned.
“I never asked you the question.” The only response Dean offered was a soft snore. Cas smiled fondly and paused his wardrobe change to go back to the bed. He pulled the blanket around Dean, and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “Sweet dreams, Dean.”
He sat on that bench until well into the night, staring at the flowers, barely blinking and unaware of his surroundings. As he sat he contemplated a set of green eyes, looking at him in panic and terror with none of the softness of the night before, and Castiel wondered what that meant for his future.
He had to get rid of this feeling. There wasn’t another option. He’d made the mistake of walking by Cas’ place a couple weeks ago, and he /heard/ it. It was one thing for Dean to know Cas fucked anyone and everyone, he couldn’t judge the formal angel for how he chose to cope with mortality. It was Dean’s fault he lost his wings and was stuck in this hellscape. It was completely different to hear his best friend fucking a man, and to hear how much that man enjoyed it. He’d always brushed Cas off for his own sanity and Cas’ safety. It was fine until he heard the moans, and he was faced with an extremely unsettling reality: Dean wanted Cas to fuck /him/ like that.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean was already on his second piece of bacon, and his mouth fell open in shock. Several crumbles fell onto the tray. “Did you say this is turkey bacon?” His eyes narrowed in suspicion an he stared at the bacon in his hand, investigating it for flaws.
“Are those pajamas?” Sam came closer, squinting a little as he tried to place where he’d seen them. “Are those Dean’s pajamas?!”
He figured that bargaining wasn’t going to work, but Castiel was running out of options.
“Good job saving me more time driving. Thanks.” Dean took his bag from Cas and reached over the back of the bench, carefully setting it on the floor behind the angel’s seat. “What’s that one?”
He saw no other option. The hunter needed to get it out of his system, and things would go back to normal. He wouldn’t feel this loss of control that had been plaguing him. Maybe he wouldn’t be so angry (as if that’s a possibility), and more importantly he could return to burying himself in random women and letting it be enough.
“C’mon, Cas. Let’s go home. I think we can safely say today sucked for both of us.”
“Breakfast in bed? Really? Isn’t that more work than drinking milk straight out of the gallon?”
He had no idea how this would work. In the long run Dean knew it wouldn’t, but for now he wanted to keep this to themselves. If no one knew, nothing could happen. Nothing would change, nothing would be weird, and most importantly, Cas wouldn’t be a target for his enemies. This way was much better. If Dean continued telling himself that, maybe he’d actually believe it.
He really, really, really wanted to kiss Cas, so instead, he pulled him into his arms. One hand cradled the angel’s head to his chest and the other wrapped around his back. Dean felt Cas freeze in his arms for a second before he relaxed and wrapped his arms around Dean. He could feel the stubble on the angel’s cheek against his collar bone, and he smiled a little despite himself. He exhaled heavily, losing just a tiny bit of the tension in him now that Cas was here and he was safe. He knew he had a lot of things to address, and apologies to make, but he couldn’t. There was no way, not tonight.
Even long buried, after the world had all but ended, John Winchester’s words ate at Dean and his sense of self worth. He couldn’t be the son his father needed him to be. These urges always came back to haunt him. As if that weren’t enough, everyone he cared about ended up damaged or dead, because of him.
The hunter’s eyes were watering and he was still gagging occasionally. He closed his eyes, imagining the silicone was smooth velvet skin, he tried to recreate the feeling of a man attached to it, that the man was the one making Dean gag on his dick and had his eyes watering from the efforts. It wasn’t Dean giving a blow job, it was him doing his absolute best to keep up with being face-fucked, and he loved every second of it. The hunter was whimpering and moaning around his toy, and when he imagined the man attached to the dick, it didn’t even surprise him that it was Cas’ scruffy face he saw, smiling down at him in amusement, playing a game to see how far he could push Dean until he broke.
“Dean, are you still mad at Cas about yesterday? Honestly, I didn’t mind coming home. Cas is fine, we’re all fine, and we’re all here. It’s nice to have a false alarm for once.”
Dean blanched then cleared his throat while he tried to think of something to say.
“So.” Dean started about twenty minutes later, just realizing how dark it had grown while he was zoned out driving, in his own little world. “What’s with the song?” Usually Cas liked rambling on about subjects Dean had no interest in, so maybe he’d have something good to say about this one. It would make the drive go faster, if nothing else.
Dean’s arm dropped from Cas and he cleared his throat. “So, uhh...” He pointed at the car, stupidly then got in. Real smooth, Dean. He tapped the steering wheel nervously until Cas was settled next to him. Once he got on the road, the silence was awkward again. This is the part Dean hated. He didn’t know what to do or what to say. He needed boundaries. He was terrified to let Cas in. Even worse, Dean was selfish. He was selfish enough to take every word Cas offered, selfish enough to enjoy the way it felt to fall asleep in his arms, and far too selfish to tell the angel that he felt safe and hopeful sleeping next to him. To tell Cas something like that was to give him the power to hurt Dean. Not just hurt, destroy him. Even if Cas didn’t do it, someone would come along and rip him away. And what about Sam? What about their extended family? How would his dad react if he were here to see Dean now? What would Bobby say? Dean immediately dismissed that thought. He’d stare at Dean as if he’d lost his mind, crack a joke, and move on. A hundred other what ifs and a thousand fears were constantly running through Dean’s head, keeping him emotionally distanced from Cas.
“Shut up, Sammy. How late is it? I figured you’d be gone until tomorrow.”
“I’m glad you’re my idiot.”
Very slowly, he pushed it into himself, automatically tensing at the initial intrusion. Dean forced his body to relax bit by bit, and when it did, the tip of the dildo was in him.
Castiel’s face melted from confusion to understanding and affection. “You were worried for me.”
“Yeah, I just washed everything and- Son of a bitch. It’s sitting in my closet.” He started to slow the Impala, looking for a spot wide enough to turn her around.
“Considering that’s not something we’ve ever done, I would be impressed.” He paused, considering. “And probably put off as well. It’s best you didn’t.” Cas handed Dean the pants and shrugged out of his trench coat. He supposed if he was going to spend the entire night in bed with Dean, he ought to hang up his suit. Last night he’d had Dean pajamas. Usually he had nothing on. “Should I-?” The question died on Castiel’s lips. Dean pulled his pants on both legs to his thighs then in an impressive maneuver, he lifted his hips to tug the pants up, pushed his legs off the floor, and spun. The end result was that Dean was lying perfectly in bed, on the sheets, ready to pull the blanket over him.
When he was as close enough as he could be, Dean wiped his own saliva off of the silicone and coated it in lube.
He knew that Dean wouldn’t listen. If the situation were reversed, Castiel wouldn’t listen but if Dean was gone, Cas could probably teleport himself out of here and save one of them.
“I apologize for startling you.”
“Then what are you smiling about?” He probably shouldn’t have asked.
“Did you do anything today, Dean? Going topside for some Vitamin D is good for you every now and then.”
The blackness didn’t let up. Castiel was utterly alone, unable to find the one he loved most. He couldn't even hear Dean's prayers anymore... had he stopped praying, or was Cas too weak to hear them?
“I, um...” Cas froze against Dean, and the hunter’s curiosity was piqued. He didn’t say anything, biding his time until Cas was ready to speak. “Next time we get in a fight, listen to the lyrics, Dean.”
Dean fell back onto his pillows with a groan, rubbing his palms over his face.
Sam frowned. “Cas, you don’t intrude. The bunker is your home as much as it’s ours.” Did Cas really think he was still an outsider, and not part of the family? Did his brother pick a fight with Cas again? He didn’t want to ask, especially not when Cas and Dean were sitting next to each other in the booth. They were across from Sam and smashed together, but each was going out of their way to ignore the other. Something was definitely going on.
“Okay then. Cool. Wings saved the day. Good job, Cas.”
Dean chuckled in response, lifting a forkful of eggs to his mouth. “Sure, Cas.” He dug into his meal with gusto, but one foot found Cas’ under the blanket, something Dean had called ‘playing footsie’. Dean had also said that playing footsie was stupid, and only idiots did it. The angel smiled to himself. This was the kind of morning Dean deserved to have every day, relaxing and being doted on, being an idiot, per his own definition.
“That is a friggin’ load of crap, and you know it!”
“Dean! Where are we going? Is Cas okay?”
No goodbye, no good morning, no... nothing.
“Hello, Dean.”
Realizing how loudly he’d been moaning, Dean dropped his hand from his length and pulled the toy out from between his lips. If he was going to come to imagining his best friend’s face, the most dangerous temptation Dean could think of, he damn well wasn’t going to do it while picturing Cas’ dick in his /mouth/.
He could feel Cas smile against his shoulder and his tough-guy facade fell away. “I know you mean it, Dean.”
Dean rolled his eyes. Sharing embarrassing childhood stories was too much. He was not sure that he didn’t want to know.
Dean slipped into his room, pulling out his phone to open the text and clear the notification. He wasn’t sure what to reply. The phone was in his hand, his thumb hovering aboard the keyboard. What should he say?
“Why doesn’t he have to move?” Dean inclined his head towards Cas while his arms folded across his chest petulantly. Sam had to bite back a smile at how ridiculous this entire situation was.
“Nope.” Sam followed Dean to the kitchen, then stopped short. “Wow. You cleaned? Awesome. It looks great, man. Anyway, I’m going to grab my laptop and head back. Call me if you need anything.”
He finished changing into a set of Dean’s pajamas and turned off all the lights except the lamp on his bedside. Dean didn’t stir when the weight of the mattress shifted under Castiel’s weight, nor when he picked up the large book from the Men of Letters library to search for any mention of Sirens.
Dean recognized the words for what they were, an awkward very Cas-like attempt at a joke that was doing an awful job of covering up what Dean wouldn’t let him ask. He felt guilty, and since he couldn’t say what Cas deserved to hear, he swaggered over to Cas and stood at the edge of the mattress where the angel sat. Dean gently nudged Cas’ thighs apart until he was standing between them. What was meant to be a cocky smile instead projected as something soft and affectionate. The hunter lifted his hands, to cup Cas’ face. He leaned down, capturing his lips in a kiss that left no question of Dean’s intentions. It started slow; it was a chaste kiss that grew to exploration, his tongue teasing the seam of the angel’s full lips. Dean had just reached what he wanted, his tongue tangling around Castiel’s when he forced himself to retreat. He stayed in the same spot, pressing another brief kiss to the angel’s lips while he waited for his heart to stop pounding and his brain to start thinking again. What was his point again? He’d completely forgotten.
“I don’t have a puppy, Dean.”
“Well uh... yeah, no. I was asleep.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean held his hand out for the phone. Cas shook his head and Dean repeated the gesture more insistently. Castiel relented, passing the phone over with his own, far less dramatic eye roll. “Heya Sammy. Nope. Yep, I did. Because you stuck me with feathers for eight hours and he wants to listen to Lady Gaga, that’s why.” Dean knew the offended look Cas had without turning to look at it. He shook his head at Cas with a helpless shrug. Cas was not amused. Dean tried again while his brother still rambled. This time he gave his most winning smile to Cas and a wink. The angel looked exasperated more than anything else, and he was trying to subtly adjust his dress pants. Point to Dean. “It’s not? Huh. Okay. Well we’re already almost halfway there. We’ll talk to the neighbors in the morning and try to find the bitch before she strikes again. Uh-huh. Yep, you too. Later.”
“Cas, I never said you didn’t get an opinion.”
“Good job what?” Castiel had reappeared in the passenger seat as swiftly as he’d left, only now he was holding Dean’s duffle bag and another, smaller bag.
Lucifer was laughing at his own macabre joke, but Castiel was not amused.
“I do tru-”
Dean was not aware of Castiel’s plan, there was no way he could have been, so his reaction should not have been quite so surprising to the angel. “Oh no you don’t.” The hunter said, pulling Cas back to his lap with one arm snaked around his waist. The other hand cupped the back of the angel’s neck, pulling him in to deepen the kiss. His tongue teased Castiel’s lips, and he opened up immediately, kissing Dean with more fervor than experience.
“I know you don’t sleep, but I’m running on fumes. Would you mind if we just uhh... went straight to bed? I need to knock out for a few hours.”
“So now you want to be naked with me again?”
Dean was holding Castiel’s phone triumphantly in the air and making his way back over from the parking lot. It wasn’t busy at the park, but it was hot out so Cas chose a spot closer to the edge of the woods to set up. It was peaceful, serene… this was domestic tranquility itself, and the only thing missing was on his way back over. Cas smiled from ear to ear and waved at Dean.
Well, what Dean lacked in conversation and emotions, Cas was making up for and then some. His words made Dean feel like a complete ass, and chest restricted in a way that had nothing to do with physical pain.
Fact: Dean absolutely loathed himself for his sexuality. His father spent years figuratively and literally beating into Dean’s head that he was less than for his desires. He didn’t deserve love if he could not love the way John approved of.
Fact: Anyone Dean was both attracted to and cared for either died or was so ruined by the fallout of Dean’s toxic personality that they were damaged permanently.
Lost in his own daydreams, Cas didn’t hear the rustling in the trees behind him. He didn’t see the color wash from Dean’s face, the way his boyfriend took off running towards him, gun already out of his pocket. He did hear the anguished way Dean shouted his name and at that Cas turned around, reaching for the angel blade in his trench coat, but it was too late. He was thrown to the ground, his back ruining the picnic he’d so lovingly planned and arranged. His hands were pinned down, one assailant on either side of him while a third lifted the blade from his pocket. Cas could see what Dean wouldn’t have been able to ascertain so quickly.
"Hullo?" Dean mumbled groggily, pressing the phone to his ear and running a hand down his face with his other palm to try and wake up a little.
The wet sound of the steady patter of blood on hardwood and marble and his slow, heavy footsteps were the only thing heard throughout the mansion. The soot from outside's storm had settled a long time ago, acting as a natural sound muffler. His patience was running short- if he didn't find the last surviving Stein, some of Dean's tissues would begin to die before he could have her attach it.
"You wanted to
Leo finally peeked uncertainly out of the door, where his siblings would be waiting for him. He didn't know what they'd think about what he'd done to the old angel, if they'd disapprove, if they'd think he'd gotten carried away.
And that big, empty house felt just a little cozier. So yeah, he didn't really mind having a roommate.
Bobby ran his hand through his brown hair. "Who's 'us'? Five angels and one of 'ems this Metatron guy... you sayin' there's
He suppressed a cry of joy at the sudden feeling of privacy and kissed the blonde with vigor, tangling his hands in her hair and savoring the moment alone in his mind.
"You're preaching to the quire." Dean told him, smiling just a little and shaking his head as he pulled the next stitch out. Boy, did he know about healing. He'd probably gotten more nicks and cuts than any other human being out there.
His eyes narrowed again, his jaw protruding angrily. "We're going to help you get better." Dean put his hand on his shoulder, and Cas avoided his eyes, staring into the fledgling's instead.
"I don't deserve you." Cas sobbed. "I don't deserve any of you after everything I've done. I was not there for my own son's birth."
, of course I'll be loopy. And I haven't eaten in like...three days!"  Cas almost began to doubt himself again.
"You so much as look at them and I swear I will cut off your balls and wear them as a necklace." Dean said as I finally saw the whole dungeon light up for the first time in a long while.
"You're gonna be okay, buddy."
"That doesn't make it okay!" Chuck's scruffy face finally peeked out from the blanket, the fabric hooding around his head, as the she-angel who had her arms around his shoulders gave him a kiss on the cheek. "What the hell am I supposed to do? I didn't even get confirmed! I haven't been to church in fifteen years!"
!" Cas was yelling and waving his arms, sprinting down the divider and barreling into his brother. The beautiful bum looked confused at how he'd known his name, somewhat wrapping his arms around him too.
"Sam!" Castiel's throat was too constricted, making the call much quieter than he would have preferred. He coughed, the air was still heavy with pollution and he could feel it aching in his lungs. Dean's clammy cheek bumped along his shoulder with each hacking cough. He cleared his throat and tried again.
toward me." Chuck had obviously cupped the phone to his mouth, his voice was lower.
"Sam, quit it for a sec. Where are your pain killers?"
Did I want to see them? Yes.
Cas commented dryly.
"..But, you two will come and visit me, right?" He asked timidly. "I know this sounds stupid. But I can't do this on my own."
"We would be able to sense each other's locations at all times." Cas began tentatively. "We could tell how the other is feeling."
"Jack-? Hey, what's wrong?" He took Jack's shoulder into his grip, his expression one of pure compassion. It reminded Jack of a sweet dog.
-" At this Dean came even closer, gritting his teeth and wearing that scary, I-mean-business expression. "-so much as touch a
Sam's footsteps faded down the hall, it was only then he realized his tears had stopped flowing. He decided to take Sam's advice and set a countdown for twenty minutes on his phone.
Tobias held the arm outstretched and fumbled with the bandage, finally unwinding it and revealing the deep and vertical reddish-purple line of crusty scrabs and tender skin. A small, concerned frowned pulled onto his face. He said nothing as he rand his hand along his forearm and the ugly scar disappeared.
Dean's gaze remained fixated on their fingers when he spoke up again. "Make love to me." His voice hushed, clamping down hard on the smaller fingers wedged between his own. "I need it- need you. Been dying for it."
"I told you, he's my week brother!" Cas mirrored him and crossed his arms, stepping back and shifting his weight from foot to foot.
Dean snorted. "
Cas nodded, he was still wrapped up in his towel. "I believe..it's indecent for you to see my vessel without garments." His voice was low and rumbly as he finally said something more than a few words.
"A diaper." Dean explained simply.
"Everyone looks at me like I'm a frickin' national hero." He said glumly, and reached for his small first aid kit where he kept the band-aids. "I hate it."
“Love you, Cas.” Dean croaked with his eyes closed, that hiss of “s” so gentle in the quiet of the night. The angel got a gentle fistful of hair and Dean's head tipped back as Castiel captured his lips deeply again.
Little things unfolded at first; Cas strangely strengthening the veil between them when he saw Dean's body in the mirror after a shower, small droplets of water clung to the tannish skin of his shoulders, his thighs were shiny with water and the dark brown curls of hair down between his legs trailed up into a thin happy trail on his slightly soft tummy. "What'smatter, Cas?" Dean chuckled as he rubbed his hair dry with his towel. The angel didn't reply at first.
"What are we supposed to say, Lee? Oh, hi Dad, surprise, we're older now and back in the past...fix his wings please?" Tobias asked, but his voice was surprisingly gentle.
"Right." Dean grumbled. "Darkness, inside me. Can't forget about that."
"Where's Hope?" Cas's tongue felt heavy in his mouth. "Where are my babies?"
Tobias nodded. "I tried to understand time travel, I really did, but if you really want some science-y explanation you're gonna have to ask Leo. But all I know is that the timelines are basically set in stone. If I'm back here, everything that happened is already inevitable. So yeah, you do it. I just don't know how."
Now, life for me is boring as hell. And yes, there are plenty of boring things in hell. Like the Endless Line, 5 o' clock LA Freeway Traffic, and Advanced Placement Chemistry were my personal favorites.
Everything was quiet, inside in head. Stifling and unnatural and lonely. His gracless body ached from the loss, newfangled pain squeezing through his veins, his body screaming just from the sensation of blood pumping through his body.
Cas turned away so he wouldn't have to look at him. "I-the first one was an accident. When I was using the scissors for the scrapbook. But I realized that all this pain is what I deserve. So I...I made more, but not on accident. And then it hurt too badly, so I took a lot of medicine and then it went numb and...and I felt sick..." Tears were popping into his eyes. "I felt bad in my stomach from guilt and from the medicine so..my throat started squeezing and food came out backwards and it was burning and tasted like sour and pancakes." He covered his face again. "I didn't want to tell you."
"Cas?" He asked hoarsely.
Leo looked frightened, splashing and clinging to Cas's wet side, the baby's blue eyes flown wide. Cas frowned and gently held his back, his hand placed over his dark folded-up wings. "There's no need to scare them, Dean." Cas warned, clearly upset.
"Yes, I'm here." Cas once again butted in for him.
"Cas, I'm sorry. Please just come back, man." Dean sighed, running his hand down his face. "I was a jerk, okay? I'm sorry."
"I'm fine with healing gradually." Dean smirked at him.
- in his same holy tax accountant clothes, sitting outside of a Wal-mart with a cup in one hand, begging for any change, with the egg tucked under a coat lapel in the other arm. His face was scruffy and grimy.
"Right here," Tobias said quickly, reassuringly. "Hey, are you alright?"
Cas felt like he needed to sleep for a week. It had been nice and numb while he was sleeping; now he felt the cuts on his forearm and ribs stinging, as well as the dull throb and itch of his healing back.
Dean's ears felt hot and his face flushed pink. "He didn't know how, okay! He was filthy! And I didn't see anything, FYI!"
"What's the matter?" He coaxed gently.
"Dean, please give me my son." He spoke up softly, sniffling and wiping the tears away once again.
Next to him Iofiel cut down a angel twice her size and shot her two older brothers a irritated glance, puffing a bit of dark brown hair that had escaped her ponytail out of her face. "Boys! Stop fucking around!" She barked out, jabbing another in the stomach and pushing him out of the way with a loud grunt.
"How..I mean, what happened?" Dean said, in a more sensative voice, tipping his head back and looking at that dim white pinpricks in the sky. "How'd you get the li'l guy in the first place?"
"Please. I must talk to Father. Please, brother." He begged.
"It's good, Chuck." Dean finally smiled but didn't realize he was. "They were unexpected, of course. But not unwanted. Never unwanted. I think I'm falling in love with them."
"Can you feel the way my grace responds when you're near, Jack?" Castiel inquired softly.
"If you could add only around half of the sugar, Dean's body needs mostly healthy things right now." Cas butted in, peeking over the counter again. Dean groaned.
Naarai's grace, which was white and throbbing, on the dark brown soil like the splatter of a teardrop, faded and died.
version of burgers.” Dean grinned at him. “I'm talkin' breakfast sandwiches. The greasier, the better.”
Great. He had a sick brother, a half-cured demon in the basement, a prophet of the Lord, and a mostly-mute baby in a trenchcoat. Not to mention Eggy.
?" Dean asked, still feeling humiliated.
Crowley coughed again, a rough, rusty cough that had Dean shuddering. The chained man shook his head slowly. "I dunno." His voice graveled deep, sounding like little pops of sound. "All I know is they're close by. Haven't moved for the day."
"It looks like I picked a fight with a potato peeler and the peeler won," Dean complained as he examined himself in the mirror, wincing every so often as he dabbed Neosporin onto the angry red, irritated sores that riddled his cheeks and forehead.
"I don't understand that-" Cas began, dipping into Dean's mind to obtain the information to complete the reference.
Chuck groaned. "Ugh. Don't remind me." He stirred his chili a little more.
Jack averted his eyes. He hated to be reprimanded, especially when it came from Castiel. Dean's tone was kind of just Like That.
The ex-angel was silent for a second. Both humans were pretty pissed off at each other.
"I thought I loved them, all of them. But I confused it with my overall love for humanity. It was a
"I'm right here," Dean replied breathlessly. "It's okay, Cas. It wasn't real."
. I knew that wasn't true. And I'll be damned if I let this darkness rot you from the inside, either." He practically snarled that last part. He wrapped his own arm up too- which was strange to see, since he usually healed himself in less than a second.
and his brother comes around and treats me like it's my fault Sam came within an inch of death.
"I'm not too good with my words, Cas, okay, you knew that." Dean cleared his throat and his hand was gone once again, leaving a sudden coldness in its absense. "Just- come talk to me. About anything, anytime... I can't...I can't lose you. Not after everything."
"They're
Sam was a great teacher, no matter what subject.
to do with it," Dean mumbled, his eyes falling closed once again. "Something came out of the frickin'
Dean was sitting on the floor, surrounded by empty containers and wrappers. He wiped a bit of mustard from his mouth with the back of his hand and his eyes met Cas's, and for the first time the angel detected a bit of fear in his gaze.
Dean's bones ached from how exhausted he was, and he knew he'd sleep rockily if he was out on the cramped couch all night. The bunker was a big place, and it could get freezing at night. He looked back toward his bed- Cas looked peaceful, sleeping there on his stomach. The blankets had managed to slip down and just a bit of his bandages were showing over the top of the quilt. It wouldn't be right for Dean to leave Cas in this condition, right? What if he needed something?
"What did you just say?" The woman looked shocked as she stopped scooping the oatmeal into the bowl mid-scoop.
Cas frowned slightly. "I want him gone. By time they hatch."
you two gotta start telling me things."
He put up a finger for Cas to wait for one more second and pulled out the old silver thing, and he handed it to the ex-angel who took it into uncertain hands.
"Hey." Dean said softly. "Cas, look. Things are just...what they are right now. Don't beat yourself up about it, okay? We can figure this all out. We can find Sam, get this Darkness bottled up or whatever...you get me?" He struggled to sit up- it took a lot more ab muscles that usual- but managed to shift and get his legs dangling over the side of the bed.
Tobias offered to escort Bobby back to his personal heaven just to make sure he found it again, after the short meeting they'd had at the Roadhouse. Nothing much had happened except getting them all in the same place and explaining what Metatron had done. Then Red and Io left once again to round up more recruits.
"Look, Sam... things are
Finally, Cas nodded just a little. Dean couldn't help but feel bad- he was acting like a little kid after something horrible. Dean remembered he didn't talk for close to two weeks after his mom was killed.
"Cas, my arm hurts like a bitch, I can't sleep on this bed, and I'm...I'm
"Well, obviously you guys are both alive. And there's supposed to be only one prophet at a time." Sam pointed out.
"Cas-" Dean moaned, turning his cheek pressed to the seat to look at the angel with glassy eyes. "A little dignity,
"I didn't think your job was to fall in love with me." Cas said, a tiny smile on his face as he melted into Dean's chest, his eyelashes fluttering as he closed his eyes. A warmth spread in his chest. It felt nice to know
Cas sat for a moment and tried to regain his breath. Dean flipped onto his stomach and searched under the covers for his hand, and when he found it he squeezed reassuringly. Cas squeezed weakly back.
"Alright. We'll stop by later." Dean once again mouthed at Sam to hold on.
Cas came up to the bedside, his face was in a pained grimace. "They hurt more than normal. I think they've torn open again. Could you...?"
The world was churning for Dean at a very unpleasant rate, and he just tried to focus on his breathing.
Cas frowned and squinted at Dean. "Don't make me rebuke my offer."
His fingers stung as soft pads bit further into the sharp edge of the broken mirror.
"Y-You're hungry too?" She sputtered hopefully. "We can share it. We'll make it equal."
"G'night." Dean whispered when they'd pulled apart. His nose was still lightly touching the angel's, and his lips had broken into an easy smile. "Love you, Cas."
Dean thought bitterly as Cas once again forced their shared eyes from checking out a camp member Katie's fine, round little booty.
"Cas!" Jack jostled him hard, but he didn't wake up. His head hung limply to one side.
Jack bit his lip, a little embarrassed. He gave him a minuscule nod.
It was infruitaing as all hell for both of them.
"Dean," Cas whispered, a slight warning in his tone. "Stop it. Just try and get some sleep, okay?"
Bobby whimpered out and tears streaked down his face. "Why is this happening to me?" He whined, his tiny shoulders shaking. "Daddy, it hurts!"
"I'm...I don't know, Dean." He brought his knees up, the egg pressing to his legs and his chest, and his hugged around his knees. "Will you..will you and Sam and Kevin maybe.."
"The body's hungry," He commented quietly.
"Did it hurt?" Io asked timidly, crawling up next to Red, her dark brown eyes shining as she looked up to the archangel.
"No." Cas said. "It was a name I'd liked for a long time. When I was younger, when I thought I'd be given fledglings of my own. Before I knew my status."
into the kiss, and once again it’s like electricity through Castiel’s veins. And again the desire to touch absolutely every inch of Dean becomes overpowering.
Dean certainly wastes no time after that. He’s overly gentle as he starts carding his fingers through the feathers. Castiel notes, absently, that there was a feather out of place. He can feel when it’s fixed. Dean hesitates after he’s finished what he’s accomplished, but when Castiel doesn’t move his wing, he slowly starts again.
Castiel pulls back, but not far as he rests their foreheads together. “Okay. I’m ready.”
when he sees you with those puppies.” Sam still sounds too pleased with himself. Granted, he doesn’t often get the chance to surprise Dean with anything. “Helps things that you’re shirtless too.”
He can’t breathe – can’t think – Crowley’s going to open the gates to Purgatory. He’s going to steal all the souls there and he’s going to bring about the apocalypse
The ring on Castiel’s finger shows that they’ve been married by two-tails’s standards. They’ve also be bonded in the eyes of the colony, even if they can’t create the mental bond like fin-kin can. But Castiel sang Dean the bonding song, and Dean returned it in his own unique way. The colony has accepted it for what it is, and they are all very much aware that Castiel is not only bonded to a two-tails but that he also spends most of his time living away from the trench.
“Great!” Sam claps his hands together and stands up. “Maybe I might actually sleep tonight now that I’ll be in a bed.”
. Castiel glares at it; his hands on his hips. She actually left him the stupid thing?
Dean raises his eyebrows and lowers the bottle opener. He shares a look with Sam and Castiel resolutely doesn’t say anything. His powers – his
The familiar scent and the heat of his soul is astoundingly comforting to be in the presence of again. Castiel sighs softly and doesn’t stop himself from nuzzling against the side of Dean’s head. “I missed you a great deal.”
Turns out, that’s only a few minutes later. Dean’s hair is
“Well, you know Dean has the hots for you, right? So, what now?” Anna readjusts how she’s sitting; crossing her legs and resting her elbows on either knee with her chin still propped in her hands. “This is seriously the most exciting thing to happen to you since they came into our lives. What are you guys going to do now?”
But that worry still continues to grow the longer he goes without his thoughts touching another mind. It is a truly
He points to a little wooden hut that can just barely be seen through the trees from where he’s standing. “There are solar lights that will keep the path to it lit at night and you can follow them during the day if you’re scared of getting lost. And, for the love of God, do
one week. Auntie can come over, but you
Their conversation turns towards trying to find what kind of situations would make Castiel get on public transit. It’s a fun topic and it distracts him enough that Sam is walking across the stage soon enough. He claps for Sam just as loudly as he did for Jess. The messages with Dean stop then, mostly because there aren’t many people after Sam and then the closing ceremonies are going to take place.
Dean kicks his heels again and gets a mouthful of grapes before he remembers his manners too. “Thanks, Cas!”
long to explain everything that happened yesterday and this morning, but by the end of it Castiel is nearly asleep with the phone pressed between his ear and the pillow. Despite having ended the story asking for their opinions on what he should do about his relationship with Dean, Aunt Amara
? This is – it was a spur of the moment decision and he doesn’t know if this is good or bad. He doesn’t know what to
It’s so perfect that Castiel thinks it’s a marvelous idea to tap his bottle against the one Dean is holding. They make a clinking noise and he likes it. Should he do it again? He should definitely do it again. Castiel laughs again and when he leans in to do it a second time, his shoulder actually bumps Dean’s. Oh, that feels nice. He likes that a lot and he leans in again just to feel the solid wall of him. It’s like leaning against a comfortable heater and Castiel decides that he never wants to move. This is the place where he’s going to die – and he is perfectly okay with that.
Though he may be waiting for Dean’s words, it’s not for this in particular. This will be yet another compromise – as long as Dean
Castiel isn’t at all quiet with how he makes his way over to the bed, and he’s none too gentle about pulling open the curtains. This has little to no effect on Dean. He’s curled up on his side with the blanket tugged right up over his shoulders and a pillow hugged tight between his arms. It’s a cute sight and he would like nothing more than to just let Dean sleep, but a promise is a promise and they’ve got a long drive ahead of them. Castiel rests one knee on the bed and leaves over him to press a kiss under his ear.
He also won’t admit that he’s occasionally ‘borrowed’ one of Dean’s shirts, after he’s used it, as something to sleep (sleep!) in. There’s a certain level of
apparent just how much he’s enjoying himself. “No one can see us from the parking lot.” He drops his voice into a whisper. “I could blow you right here and no one would ever know.”
not to freak out.
long to convince Father that switching schools would be a good thing.
He never says anything about it, but Castiel is more than a little happy to be included in things like this. Ever since he moved in with the Winchesters, there are so many close family moments that he gets to share in. Dinners and movies, games and fights, hobbies and an honest to God actual
Oh, right. They must have some stuff that can’t stay in the car for too long. Castiel stops and glances back. “If it’s important, we don’t have to rush. I can help –”
“Still pretty s-sensitive.” He twists to glance over his shoulder, his eyes hooded and face flushed. The look only lasts a moment before he faces the blanket again.
The light reflects briefly in the shifters eyes as he smiles. “Oh, you’re awake! Sorry about this, Dean, but we’ve got some hunters on our trail and we have to hide.” It’s so disorienting to have his own voice speaking to him. “You were an easy target, what with you drinking so much. That’s so unlike you, isn’t it? I mean, I appreciate it and all.”
There was a main part? Castiel thinks for a moment, but he can’t remember whatever it might be. He looks to Dean curiously. “What is it?”
different, but we start learning with bullets and then work our way up to the tranquilizers. It’s easier that way.”
It’s been nearly two years since they last saw each other. Dean had decided to remain at
"Then why didn't you do it?" Cas’s voice is small.
, he probably would have asked Dean out a lot sooner than he did.
It’s time to find out and there is no beating around the kelp bed here. Castiel takes the direct approach with his inquiry.
Raphael’s tolerance has never been very high. No one is surprised when he is the first to comment on their silence.
“So, what’s it about?” Anna opens the back door to the taxi and slides across to the other side.
don’t see eye to eye on. And this is also something that Castiel feels
, but everything worked out in the end, didn’t it?
want to play fetch?” Dean gets to his feet and Cas all but prances around him. “Well, find me a stick.”
Sam sighs and turns towards the door. “He’s going to be sleeping on the couch tonight, isn’t he?”
was sufficient. You didn’t need to throw a
“We’re in the penthouse in the capital city of America. We can see the damn
After a moment of silence, Gabriel suddenly sounds far more awake. “Yeah. I’m the one who recommended what restaurant you guys should go to.”
Gabriel nods, slowly, still with a far off look in his eyes. “It’s unfair when hot people get together. Selfish of them, really. They should spread that hotness around.”
In response to Dean’s emojis, he forwards the picture that Anna sent him. To that, he adds;
He bites his tongue for now and nods.
. He’s too impatient for this, but he knows that he can’t make Dean go faster when he’s in this kind of mood. When Dean wants to drag it out, nothing will ever be able to talk him out of it.
It takes summoning the majority of his willpower to force himself to pull away. Dean turns a baleful glare on him as he gets to his feet and stands over him. Castiel opts to ignore that look and head to the bedside table. After getting the bottle of lube and a condom, he pauses. The floor is really not all that comfortable and it’s going to be painful on their knees or backs. That makes the decision for him and Castiel takes the two pillows from the bed to bring back with him.
slow – then he should be alright.
Dean nods slowly, but he doesn’t try to pull away and Castiel considers that a victory, however small it might be. He sighs and thanks Dean with a small smile. “Thank you. What I was trying to say is that you and I –” He takes a deep breath to force out the rest. “We can’t be
Thankfully, Sam is ready to distract him from his thoughts without even needing to be asked. It might be a coincidence, or it might be his empathy at work, but Castiel is grateful for it whatever it may be. “Are you going to tackle that new manuscript today, Cas?”
“Okay.”
While he might never admit it, Castiel is forever grateful whenever she also holds his hand during taxi rides. They can be really uncomfortable for him, both physically and mentally, and that grounding touch has gotten him through those long drives in to
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel
up his alley. There’s no way that Cas would be able to say ‘no’ to something like that. He narrows his eyes, as if that will somehow help him see through any kind of deception.
happy with how things are.” Castiel crosses his arms and continues to frown. Her little pout isn’t going to deter him from making sure she actually
But she does have a point and that makes Dean stop. He’s going to have to reconsider his options here. It’s a bit of a sting to his pride to agree that they’re right and he can’t just rush right into things. He has Sammy to think about too. Anything that Dean does is going to put him at risk too. Fuck. That wasn’t something he actually stopped to
. That’s plenty of time to mourn them, isn’t it? They’re just feathers. He will never understand why Dean likes his wings so much.
Is it because they’re both very tired from their busy week? It’s entirely possible. Castiel will have to do a bit of work to keep himself from over thinking and being disappointed by this, because it’s not the end of the world. Even if they don’t have sex tonight, at least they could spend a good long time kissing. Compared to the alternative, this is an absolutely spectacular thing to do.
, Sammy. Don’t scare me like that.” Clearly Castiel wasn’t the only one who momentarily forgot that he was there.
But that gets wiped out by what Balthazar just said.
intimidating.
. I bumped into her this morning while getting coffee in the lounge and y’know what she said to me? That she thinks it’s sweet that I carpool with you! And then immediately asked if I was interested in adding a third to the carpool.”
That feeling haunts him for the rest of the day.
After a long pause, Cas turns back to the screen. “We don’t cover that.”
talk about it in some way, shape, or form. That’s just her nature, and he does love having her here. It’s been far too long since he last got to spend any significant amount of time with her.
“Cas?”
? All Castiel has left is his fear that he’s going to ruin everything between them. He’s never been in a relationship before and look how much he’s screwed up already while they’re just
Dean continues to stare up at him before he abandons his dinner altogether. He leans forward in his seat and wraps his arms around Castiel’s waist. With a soft sigh, he presses his face into his stomach. “You’re – You’re
“This should have been me.”
But Dean has appearances to keep up. Stiff upper lip and all that jazz. He clears his throat and sinks into the chair in front of the desk. “Excuse me, sir.” Sweet! No voice crack or stuttering.
“Are you
Dean tucks his hands behind his head and stares up at the gray sky. The sun is warm on his skin and the clouds drift by in wisps of white, ringed in silver and gold when they pass over the sun. But their backdrop is gray and it has been ever since he turned sixteen. At sixteen, Dean lost one of the most beautiful colours in the world and he misses it every day. It’s been almost ten years since then, and he can still remember the vibrancy of the sky.
Castiel is old enough to have had the chance to participate in
There’s only a moment of hesitation before Castiel’s good manners kick in. He steps forward and holds out his other hand. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”
Dean takes a moment to himself. He rubs his hands over his face and resists the urge to pull his hair. Cas is in
Immediately, Sam’s face crinkles in a grimace of disgust. “Ew! God, no. That’s not – Why would you even – I’m having
. This is a first and Castiel actually feels
A soft ache pulses behind his ribs just thinking about how stressed Dean must have been when dealing with the death of his parents and struggling to make ends meet for the both of them. The fact that Dean can’t see how amazing he is physically pains Castiel. If only there was something he could do beyond words so Dean could see himself through his eyes.
There’s a tight ugly feeling in his chest. It feels too much like
to believe it. There’s always been a nagging suspicion – that annoying worry in the back of his head that there’s something just not right with this war. But Dean ignored it. He ignored it because he needed to. But this – this isn’t something he can accept. They can’t just tell him something like that after all he’s done.
every slow inch as Dean enters him. And then he stops. Dean
Emotions flood through their contact – affection, arousal, delight. Everything Castiel feels and more. He takes a deep breath against Dean’s mouth and turns into him, hooking a foot around the leg of his chair and pulling to turn it towards him. Their mental connection is tenuous through the touch of hands and lips, but Castiel still surges forward with his mind, hoping that Dean will understand his desires as a psi-null individual.
His Father might be an asshole, but his friends more than make up for it.
easier to move because he can actually pick those up without having to scrape them across the floor. His head did not appreciate every small screech that the table had made when he moved it. Dean, however, is still asleep. Castiel counts that as a victory.
No kiss appears forth coming, as Dean’s eyes snap up to meet his with an intensity and suddenness that takes his breath away. There’s something going on behind those eyes and Castiel would give anything to know what it is. Dean takes a sharp breath, quiet but quick. His eyes go impossibly wider just by a fraction, overtaken by what could quite possibly be surprise. Curiosity and concern are on the rise and Castiel isn’t sure what could be going on in Dean’s head. This silence has stretches on for far too long and he’s starting to get very worried.
The pizza has been utterly demolished by the time the end credits start rolling up the screen. All of three names have been revealed before Dean is on his feet and holding out his hand to Sam. “Well, that was fun. I need the car keys.”
A fair point.
“I would agree given what little history you and I have, but you seemed just fine with approaching me that first time.” Castiel drums his fingers on his mug.
. I have the cooler out and my clothes are packed, but I haven’t gotten my school stuff together because I needed it for class today.”
“It’s really not that hard.” Dean shrugs and makes a vague gesture before crossing his arms again. “All you gotta say is
“Oh.” Sam shifts again, wincing minutely. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to –”
Steve gives a dizzy little hoot, eyes unfocused.
in the same class as Sam, then
This moment right now is probably the happiest that Dean has been since his friends decided that it would be a good idea to close him up in this cave too. It even makes him
if he was insane by the time they came back?
Castiel nods and shrugs in agreement. Neither one of them look back at Sam. If he can see their faces, their previous activities are likely written all over them. And Castiel doesn’t know just how much of his thoughts might be showing too. Right now he’s thinking some very unkind things about one of his best friends. He was just
Castiel shifts in place and bites his lip.
So far, so good.
Castiel goes still, even going so far as to hold his breath. His head is suddenly empty – a buzzing void with nothing but the word
Both her and Sam fill the kin-connection with their appreciation.
– was worried about Dean, goddamn
shouldn’t be thinking about how he wants to capture each one with his camera. But Castiel knows that will never happen and he should simply stop thinking about it.
At the mention of her name, Pam looks at them both, eyebrow raised. A moment later, she bursts out laughing and reaches down to pat Bobby on the cheek. “This grouchy old bear only
“Better?”
. Which means it rotates between them on who gets to go, so no one falls to cabin fever entirely.
soup you love? Or the
“I am.” He muffles a yawn behind his hand and turns onto his side again so Dean can press up against his back once more. “But your kisses are better than sleep.”
“Oh really?” There it is.
come out of his mouth right now. Please let it be witty and sexy and indicate that he’s interested in it if Dean is.
first, which is a bit out of their way. At least Sam can do some research on their target from the road; not much, but it will be a head start on things they can follow up on later.
“We will.” Cas slowly removes Dean’s hands from his shirt, but he doesn’t let go of them. “After we order dinner and bring it back upstairs.”
extent, but I do watch it. As long as I know that it will be quiet here between the hours of ten o’clock in the evening to seven o’clock in the morning, I’m fine with it.” He looks back to Dean with a bit of a grimace. “I’m actually a little…
“Always a pleasure, sir.” Cas shifts to face his computer again.
’ makes this more and more difficult.
too happy with herself for waking him up – and she looks way too fucking awake considering she was awake even more than he was last night.
check for a ring, and Cas isn’t wearing one. There isn’t even a hint of a tan line on his finger, which means he hasn’t worn one in a long time – if ever. So… What’s that supposed to mean?
Dean open and closes his mouth, resembling a fish for a few seconds, before he turns to Sam. “C’mon, man, help me out here!”
Castiel glances over his shoulder to find him red-faced and staring at him in awe. There’s not a sign of disgust anywhere on his face. If anything, Castiel might almost say that he’s –
took his first kiss. Why would he even – That’s just – How could – A male kissing a
Castiel waits again for a response, only to be subjected to the disappearing and reappearing bubbles again. It’s almost amusing to see how anxious this topic is making Dean. In contrast, Castiel is completely calm about it. He had thought that their roles would be reversed in this, but that is – surprisingly – not the case.
. Maybe one day he’ll be able to tell his parents that on his graduation day he had a fun moment with his friends and was sad that he might never see one of them again, but today is not that day..
“It’s not done. I want to know what the rest of the song sounds like.”
started begging for more. Each ‘
in his belly. Dean is just in the other room and if he asked he could probably have Dean’s hands on him right now. But the words are stuck in his throat and all Castiel has is his own touch to satisfy himself.
Once he’s done and swaying on his feet again, he stares at his hands and wonders how he’s supposed to wash them with all the gauze in the way. “Uh – I’m done?”
“I never want to see another half-naked man for the rest of my life.” Gabriel drapes himself over the counter with a whine. “That was a nightmare.”
want this, in a sense. It occurs to him in a brilliant flash of thought, but it brings with it the fresh memory of Friday night and Castiel can’t bring himself to look up again. “I also said that I would try anything once.”
, hm?”
Lucifer returns to his pillar, if only to sit and shift uncomfortably on it.
to suggest the very same things that his father tried to insinuate.
But that doesn’t mean he doesn’t hate it. And that’s when an idea occurs to him.
First things first, he sends Dean a text message.
– continue to control my life.”
, then?”
.” She does sound a little sad about it, which is mollifying to some extent. “
to look for when he gets to the restaurant tonight.
, I can’t believe I haven’t had your hands on me yet!”
. He keeps stroking him or pressing places that make Castiel feel like the fire in his veins is going to break through his skin and burn him alive.
that he’s never felt before. Is this what it’s like to commune with the gods?
Well, that is a good point. Sam is even taller than Castiel and he used to be one of the tallest boys back in boarding school. His phone vibrates in his hand again while he sets his laptop back on his desk.
to kiss him? Is he invading Castiel’s personal space because that’s what he plans to do right now? A hopeful blush is edging past his defenses and Castiel can’t stop it. Neither can he stop the rather jealous (and altogether despicable) thought that Dean likely has the several hours of practice backing up his claim. And that practice was had with God only knows how many individuals.
That might reveal too much. But too much about
touch that present!”
, because he’s fairly certain that he just doesn’t fit into any of the more mainstream sexualities. Before he can even begin to understand his feelings for Dean, he needs to understand all of himself first. Thank God for the ever knowledgeable Google search engine.
He shrugs Sam’s hand off his shoulder and takes a deep breath. Before Sam can stop him, he leans over the bed and grabs Dean’s wrists. The touch doesn’t seem to wake him, but Dean kicks harder and starts to struggle. Castiel puts a knee on the edge of the bed to steady himself and he taps into the strength he so rarely uses. He forces Dean’s arms to cross over his chest and uses them to pin him down – just in case he tries to sit up suddenly.
“Not so much
.” Castiel brings a hand to his face, fingers gently brushing his psi-points. “I wish to have you.”
. “The best thing
closely to what’s about to happen.
cheaper, and you can get cherries and strawberries too.”
It’s a bit surprising that it hadn’t already occurred to him to start thinking about where their relationship was heading. In all honesty, Castiel has been taking things one at a time. Even after almost four seasons together, there are still aspects about their relationship that he still feels so
“He’s actually a huge grump in the morning.” Sam is leaning against the counter with his own coffee. He must have gotten up not long before Castiel, because his hair is a true mess and he still looks rather rumpled from sleep. “Worse than you, even. But he still drags his ass out of bed at least an hour before your alarm just so he can down a whole pot of coffee and be awake enough to make breakfast for you.”
Dean makes it home in record time and stumbles through the door. He slams it shut behind him and leans against it. His heart is still going a thousand beats a minute and he groans loudly, rubbing a hand over his face.
Gabriel groans. “Oh, come on, Cassie. You’re rich enough now that we could have a
Castiel huffs the closest thing he can to a laugh and sets his phone aside. He swivels his chair around to look at his white board and see what needs to be done today, desperate for something to distract him from the noises in the kitchen and dining room.
“Oh, probably.” He sighs, scraping the sides of the crock pot. “But we’re still going to miss you tonight.”
Truthfully, he is very much
At least Dean seems to understand this and he sighs. “We know a lot of people around the country, but it’s not like we seem them very often or stay in contact. Maybe we might grab a beer together if we’re in the same area, but it’s not like we’re
“Then what are you?” Dean takes the weight off his pack by shrugging out of it and his cloak when the final clasp is undone.
. Granted, he hasn’t yet had any interest in anyone in the colony. He hasn’t been sexually attracted to anyone before and no one caught his interests as a potential mate – not like Dean has, at least.
How rare it is for two of Castiel’s wishes to be answered in the same day. The Council has agreed to finally meet with the rebels,
. Castiel’s heart starts beating a staccato rhythm against his ribs as he tries his best to keep his voice steady. “I’m sorry?”
him in some way and that is exhilarating to an unfathomable degree. But that’s all he wants, isn’t it? He only wants his body and nothing else and that makes Castiel feel like a heavy weight is pressing in around his heart.
What options? How long has the fight been going on? Castiel is
See ya!
Sam has a gun in his hand and is on his feet in a heartbeat, immediately training it in the direction the explosion originated from. In this case, that’s technically beneath their feet, but he’s got it trained on the door to the basement. It’s swinging on its hinges now; thick white smoke billowing up the stairs.
. Out of sheer surprise, Castiel’s hips snap forward and he can’t keep quiet. A groan rumbles in the back of his throat as Dean squeezes and actually has him shivering.
amount of time to complete the course. Anything more than five minutes will be – God, he doesn’t even want to think about it. He already knows that it’s going to go terribly, but at least he can hope he doesn’t fall on his face
The fang-fin are
(See the end of the chapter for
Ah, yes. He did mention that he wanted to work more during the summer to help with Dean’s bills
. Why? He’ll never know. There’s something appealing about a multipurpose accessory, apparently. Either way, there are now whole shelves of a fancier looking version of it at Walmart, and his bank account is very appreciative of it.
of the
That would have been the perfect explanation if he hadn’t practically
Anna tilts his head again. “But you guys aren’t there often, right?”
what he’s doing to Dean. That’s not
This is nice. Castiel might not know what he’s going to do about
going to be easy to talk to. Time to move on then.
.” Normally, Dean just gives him the cold shoulder and even colder glares.
To Castiel’s knowledge, he plans to play the game until Jess calls him after she’s finished work. They’re going to be spending the rest of the day together and Castiel has been invited to join them after his outing with Gabriel if he wants to. Which, actually, he would. He would like for the two of them to come over and hang out with him and Dean, just so he doesn’t have to pick between spending time with them and spending time with Dean. It’s terrible of him, but Castiel knows who he would choose.
Or, at least, that was what he was hoping for. But by the time Sam leaves for work, he hasn’t made any progress. On the bright side, Sam left with an overnight bag and the intention of staying over at Jess’s place again. And Castiel still has a few hours before Dean is due home. Whatever he comes up with between now and then needs to be appealing enough to catch Dean’s attention and make him want to participate, but it also needs to be something that wouldn’t be a turn off for Castiel. Because even though Castiel liked their evening of making out, he would rather not have another one of those.
. Why – for the love of all that is good in this world – why would he stop
Both Dean and Jess are feeding images of what to do in the kin-connection, but before he can take both of Paul’s legs in hand and lift his bottom half up to pull the diaper free –
In fact, Dean had made it a point to say that he’d read the books
The colony’s territory ends just on the other side of the area that they’ve designated as the hunting grounds. If the hunters really
however, manage to knock the other set hard enough to pull it off the wrong.
where the actual festival went down. Aunt Amara had stayed behind to stake out a spot on the
bitter part of Dean really does wish it had been him. That ugly part of him has been
better than seeing kids light up when they see you. It doesn’t hurt that they’re lining up to take pictures with him and Princess Aurora. Sure, they’re more here for
The moment the car door closes behind them, Dean grabs Castiel’s arm and pulls him back. In an instant he finds himself up against the side of the car; their bodies pressed together from shoulders to hips and Dean’s lips on his. It feels
Eventually, his phone does buzz and beep again.
Teen & Up (for swearing), Alternate Universe - Gods/Spirits, era unspecified, jen plays fast and loose with myths and legends
There’s gotta be something out there that’ll make Cas value himself. Dean has tried – God, how he’s
“Hey, Sam?” Jess moves her legs a bit to jiggle his laptop, likely to keep his attention on her. “How come you didn’t invite us over to study at your apartment today?”
Of course, Castiel has never hand anything from a second hand store before. At least, not to his knowledge. He's heard plenty of things about stores like that from Gabriel. Things were rather rough for him for a while when Father nearly disowned him for deciding to pursue a different career path than what had been chosen for him. Mother tried to help as best as she could, but there's only so much she could do when Father is being a hard headed bastard about things.
“I’ll never do that again.” He breathes between the kisses. “No more surprises. I promise.”
have work to do and he’s loath to move. Despite that, Castiel groans and sits up too. “
Father comes to a stop standing next to Dean and Castiel resists the urge to sigh. Instead, he dips his head in a greeting. “Hello, Father.” His voice sounds bland even to his own ears. But he just can’t bring himself to be happy to have his father here. If it was Mother, that would be an entirely different matter.
you’re not wrong. I fully expect you to make up for the last few days.”
what time it is. But it feels early. If it’s before ten o’clock, he’s going to have some
. What made him think that he could get past three seasoned warriors? Obviously it’s the fault of his blind anger, but Dean isn’t going to stop. The fin-kin he cares about are in
That choked noise turns into a soft whine as he drags his tongue along Dean’s hardening erection. The panties are going to get all stretched out and stained and Castiel can’t
and Dean eventually ended up working two jobs to support them both and save up for Sam to go to university. If he hadn’t, does that mean that without Sam’s scholarship then he wouldn’t be able to afford going to school fulltime?
Bobby sighs and nods in agreement.
“I know.” Cas hums and tilts his head, showing off pointed canines with his smile. “But it’s a pleasure to officially meet you.”
thing that they’ve been doing. It’s really just a different kind of studying, but it’s something Dean excels at and can remain
Someone who
No wonder Sam leaves the house whenever Dean gets in the
“Well, I don’t
it. That bitter, selfish, horrible part of him secretly wishes that everything will crash and burn – if only because
“Nothing.” He answers too quickly and looks down at his plate. “We just stopped doing it. We pack up and move on to the next hunt.”
When it’s his turn to place his order, Castiel is not surprised to find that Dean doesn’t recognize him. It’s been nearly two months see they first met. Dean smiles at him with the same smile he gave to everyone in line already. Castiel wasn’t expecting recognition but there is a strange twinge of disappointment at the base of his throat.
“I see.” His voice is tight, because he doesn’t. He just can’t wrap his head around how anyone could just up and leave such good people as Dean and Sam.
“Incentives. I like that.” He grins, eyes crinkling at the corners. “Gonna take my mind off of all – uh –
“Absolutely fuck-all, Cas.” Dean flashes him a grin and raises his beer in a salute. “You get to sleep in, eat whatever the hell you want, and do whatever the hell you want.”
is going to be a different matter.
Jess shrugs and tilts her head. “How else am I supposed to keep entertained while you’re doing your calculations. You know, you’re probably the only person on campus who comes in weeks before classes start so you can time how long it takes you to get around between your various classes.”
Opposite that door is his bedroom. It’s still sitting wide open and he steps over to pull it closed. “This is my bedroom and it is also off limits. I will be keeping this door locked too.” For whatever good that might do. Didn’t Sam say that he was also a telekinetic? It must be child’s play for him to manipulate the pins and tumblers in a lock without the use of a key.
This chapter takes place during
It’s a pretty nice night, all around, and he’s glad that he made the trip.
“Captain!” Jack calls from the back of the ship where he’s been driving the boat while Cas has been talking to them. “Whales off the port bow!”
“Well, sure, easy for you to say that
“You mean you’re not going to buy a big fancy house and more cars than you could ever drive?” There’s a hint of amusement in his tone. “With the money you’ve
Castiel's reflection on his hatred for this conversation had been private. It's only Balthazar's ego that is making him translate Castiel's silence into something as ridiculous as jealousy. He rolls his eyes and twists out from under his hand. The tip of his tail twitches out and catches Balthazar in the hip as he beats it to put a little distance between them.
Dean snorts, clearly having expected that answer. “Fine, fine. Do you want to come watch me get my hair dyed blue? Otherwise, I can send Sammy out here to wait with you while it’s my turn.”
Sam slides the question into the kin-connection with the kind of caution he would use if he was approaching one of the Council members.
The only thing visible in the pictures is the bag on the desk with Castiel’s textbooks in it. Everything else, including the boxes that his stuff had been moved in, has been folded and put away in the top of the closet for when he needs them to move back to Gabriel’s at the end of the school year. Castiel quickly explains this to Dean.
filling his head. But he has to try. He has to explain why he feels like this – why he wants to
. Castiel just inadvertently gave Gabriel the perfect opening to draw Dean into the conversation as the next suggestion. No, wait. Gabriel doesn’t like Dean. He would never purposefully suggest him as a dating option – and especially not with Dean standing right there in all his bachelor glory. It would be too much of a risk. Dean could very well
Again, Dean grumbles and curls in on himself even more. Since he makes no move to actually
having them here.
There are many alcoves along the walls with private booths for dining. They get seated at one of those and Castiel thanks the server for the glass of wine that she immediately pours for them. Father probably called ahead and told them exactly what he wanted the moment they get seated. Castiel has no plans to touch his wine. The glass of water will suit him just fine because the last thing he needs is to get tipsy or drunk in front of his father. It’d just be
“I hate to be the one to say this –” Jess holds her breath and glances between Sam and Castiel. “But – and I know this is horrible of me to say – but I think there’s a countdown on their relationship.”
He separates the contents of the pot into two bowls and sets them out on the counter. With a hand in the small of Dean’s back and the other cupping his elbow, Castiel guides him around to the stools to sit him down. Dean sinks onto it with a grunt and stares down at the food. Castiel puts a spoon in his hand and puts it in the bowl.
“I look forward to it.” Castiel pulls a slip of paper from his pocket and drops it on a small table next to the door. “My number, in case you want to call me, or if there’s anything that you would like me to bring from town.”
After his decision is made, Castiel gets up and takes a quick detour to his en-suite bathroom to relieve himself. He gathers up his razor and shaving cream, his toothbrush and toothpaste, and his comb and brings them with him. There’s singing already echoing in the bathroom next door by the time he makes it out into the hall.
May Mother-sea bless Cas forever. Just feeling his thoughts in the kin-connection is enough to make Dean relax a little bit. He lets just a little of his appreciation for Cas’s care touch the edges of his mind. The fact that he actually cares about what happens to Dean’s baby bro makes his insides feel all sorts of warm and mushy. It’s gross, but awesome at the same time – especially since Dean can’t remember the last time he felt like this just from someone
“I went
Castiel’s head may never move when he looks up at them and his pen doesn’t stop gliding across the paper, he still likes to steal a glance every now and them just to watch them and see what they’re doing. The way they’re so comfortable with each other is always fascinating. Though it’s not exactly a distraction to him, it’s certainly enviable. Maybe one day he’ll have a relationship like theirs.
“Um.” Castiel opens and closes his mouth a few times. He’s never been so aware of a shower running, or how hot he feels from head to toe. “Okay?”
. “I’m kinda selfish like that.”
do it on his own, but Castiel would absolutely prefer some assistance first. He makes this obvious by leaning forward until he can hook his chin over Dean’s shoulder. A soft sigh ghosts over his shoulder and the rest of the rope hits the floor. Dean’s hands are gentle as they brush over his lower back. One slides over Castiel’s hip and down to his leg, slowly guiding it up. The other passes over his backside.
He pulls away from them both to fold at the waist to bow to them.
Status doesn’t count for shit when your colony is corrupt at its very core.
No! That’s thinking about it and he’s
Castiel is waiting for him by the entrance to the kitchen, arms crossed, forehead creased, and blue eyes blazing. “Winchester. You’re not allowed back here.”
about it. His wings won’t hold still and they’re rustling against his back; his feathers spreading to the point that they nearly double them in size.
“And what am I supposed to do with
He passes one of the beers to Castiel. Though he’s not usually one to drink, he definitely feels like he needs something to soothe his rattled nerves. Castiel twists the top off and downs most of the bottle’s contents before he realizes that Dean is offering a bottle opener. Apparently it wasn’t a twist off and he just showed off a piece of his powers.
But a few still sneak through before he makes it home. Dean viciously rubs at his eyes with the heel of his palm, blinding himself momentarily – which, in hindsight, is not a good thing when you’re driving through a neighbourhood. He doesn’t see the flashing lights of the crosswalk, or the cyclist walking his bike across the street. Well, he
what you told me.” Dean sighs and nudges his arm with his elbow. “Just try it? If you don’t’ like it, I’ll finish it.” The look he’s giving Castiel is enough to send blood his racing through his veins. Why does he go weak in every way imaginable when all Dean does is widen his eyes a little? “One sip. That’s all I’m asking.”
, he would absolutely have those already.
Dean thought saying something like that would
worked up by the time Dean gets home and waiting for him to reach the same levels of arousal will just be
it’s an awesome sound. It makes Dean’s own smile grow about six times bigger. Tomorrow morning he’s going to do his damnedest to get Cas to laugh out loud, just to hear what it sounds like proper.
that Dean picked
money. “Because that’s the same account where I transfer my share of the rent.”
With a heavy sigh, Dean sinks down until he can snuggle against Castie’s side, an arm thrown over his lap since he’s still sitting upright. “Sorry I woke you up.”
“It’s official. You’re our coolest friend.” Sam sounds so finite in his decision that Castiel can’t even bring himself to doubt it. “That even trumps
The only answer Castiel gets after that is a line of kisses being pressed to his arm and wrist. He doesn’t need to see to recognize the slick sound of Dean stroking himself just inches away. His heartbeat pounds loudest in his ears as a hand slides into his hair again, holding him in place with a tight grip. Castiel isn’t sure how he should hold himself now. Should his mouth be open? They usually have it open in the pornos. Or should he keep it closed and just let Dean aim where he wants? Is this even something he can choose where it ends up?
“Should I not have?” Castiel glances back up the stairs, wondering if he still has a chance to flee or if Sam will be waiting to stop him.
“I’m not tired.” Which shouldn’t be surprising. He’s been sleeping since the early afternoon.
“Start eating, Dean.”
- anal sex
After spending a few days on the Sam and Dean’s couch, Castiel has come to the conclusion that it only fits him comfortably when he’s on his side because both of them are obscenely tall. They must have spent
?” He shrugs and tilts his head slightly. “It’s the first thing I can think of.”
Castiel briefly places a hand over his heart and sighs in relief.
Framed posters and signed photo ops with the actors of almost every Star Trek series have a place of honour in his bedroom. There’s even more of it in there, and the kitchen isn’t spared either. The fridge barely has an open space on it for all the magnets covering it. The
“You’ll be fine, Cassie.” Gabriel waves his hand to dismiss any worries. “The most difficult part of your job is going to be working those coffee machines. Once you’re used to ‘em, they’ll be a snap for you.”
Much to Castiel's dismay (and the delight of his hormones), Dean apparently has a penchant for sleeping in his underwear and wandering around the apartment in nothing but his boxers. It was a wonderfully distracting surprise on his first morning here. Every day has been a literal battle in his head to force himself not to look and ‘
“You didn’t really give us a chance to get to you, mom. You were next.”
Castiel is going to take that chance. He’s the one who said it first and now here Dean is, saying it right back. God but he hopes that he’s not understanding wrong. The dark, angry burn that has been sitting in his chest for the last few hours releases with a wave of complete and utter
In hindsight, Castiel should have expected what his gift was going to be considering how much of the conversation was focused on his schooling.
right now. Anna is dangerously close to ruining his birthday by playing her stupid games and he’s not in the mood for her shenanigans right now.
Teen & Up (language), Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, fallen/human!Cas, established relationship, references to the pandemic
to simply get his hand inside the bag.
get an exemption to that rule. That small possibility of getting in trouble is what causes Castiel to hesitate before answering.
amounts of patience, it’s nothing but torture to sit on the couch with Dean so close and not be able to reach out and hold his hand.
His cheeks tickle when heat spreads through them and Castiel shakes his head. “I’m fine. But –” Castiel’s right hand is still left in a limbo above Dean’s shoulder and he waves it to draw Dean’s attention to it. “Where would it be appropriate for me to rest my hand?” He can think of a few places that he would like to rest it, but running his fingers through Dean’s hair while Sam is home doesn’t seem like the best of plans at the moment.
Castiel rolls his eyes and reaches back to pat Sam’s hand. “Don’t worry. I promise.”
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to pat Dean on the shoulder. “That’s okay, Dean. Languages can be very difficult for some people. Being multilingual isn’t for everyone.”
“Good.” Dean puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and shoves him down to lay flat on the table, just barely missing his laptop as he does it. “Very good.” He pushes Castiel’s laptop off into the corner by the wall, leaving it there to hum away with his unfinished assignment.
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel
He may have just found what he’s going to need to think about the hardest while he’s stuck here for the next rotation.
Castiel turns around again and knows, immediately, that there was something different about this call. Dean is having trouble looking him in the eye, which means it’s probably something that affects him too. Without hesitation, Castiel reaches out for his hands. “Is everything okay?”
has done was enough to make Dean’s fingers slip and fumble with pulling his jeans open. Castiel actually sighs with relief when the zipper is pulled down. But then Dean doesn’t even bother doing anything like pulling them down. Instead, what is does is
comes to a grinding halt the moment Dean steps up close enough that Castiel can feel his breath against the back of his neck. His body locks up in surprise. He takes a sharp breath as Dean rests his forehead against the back of Castiel’s neck, a soft sigh ghosting across his skin. What is the purpose of this? Is he doing something like what he was last night? Is this some form of comfort or is it a form of desire?
The moment she’s close enough, Jess pulls him into a tight hug. “I already talked to security at the front desk. She’s going to give you a free pass for the night, but that’s it.”
Castiel laughs and slumps into the seat next to him, taking the window one he left open. His face feels hot from the rush of adrenaline, and his body still tingles with everywhere Dean had touched him in the theater. If he concentrates hard enough, he can even still feel the heat of Dean’s mouth on his neck; his tongue on his skin and the catch of teeth on his skin. He brings a hand to his neck and presses against that spot, unable to tell exactly why his skin feels hot there. Did Dean leave a mark? He
Castiel turns his head to give him a wide smile, only to find that Dean has his phone in his hand, camera angled towards him. Dean laughs and turns it around to show the picture he’d just taken. The photo is lit by the fireworks, and Anna and Aunt Amara are caught in the background, both smiling as they watch the show with a look of wonder. The Castiel smiling back at him from the screen of Dean’s phone almost doesn’t even look like him. It’s been a long time since he’s seen himself look
