Greg keeps his eyes glued to the screen as John’s red, white, and blue lycra comes into view again in shining HD, this time moving swiftly around two Norwegians so that his name on the leaderboard blinks and moves up into thirteenth. Scattered groups of people cheer behind them, and Greg catches Union Jacks waving out of the corner of his eye.
We watch Watson bend over to shield the girl from the snow kicked up by Greg landing, then he lifts the stretcher with Dominic, and they run her back to the waiting helicopter. Watson leaps inside just as the helicopter starts to take off again after securing the stretcher, then he lifts a hand to wave as Dominic runs back to stay with the family.
He shoves another bite of food into his mouth, trying to buy enough time to figure out what the hell he just missed, the he shivers down his spine when Greg sneaks a hand on his thigh under the table.
Without speaking or looking at each other, it somehow still manages to look like the most successful teamwork we’ve yet seen from any two members of the team. Dominic doesn’t say a word. His eyes are fixed on the dog.
Sherlock dramatically imitates Greg’s accent. “You are speaking too fastly. I cannot be understanding ze words zat you are sayeeng.
The thick brush opens up before him to a small white sand beach, perfectly cradled on either side by rocky outcroppings and framing an endless sea of clear blue water. A wooden hut emerges from the dark green shadows of the trees, jutting out over the sand with a thatched roof and huge windows, an overhang of eaves draped with hanging braids of shells blowing in the breeze. John barely has time to take any of it in before his ears register soft music, slowly plucked strings, and he zeroes in on the hammock besides the house strung up between two palm trees, swaying slowly back and forth and with one long, bony foot hanging off the side of it.
Nearly twenty photos and even more autographs later, Greg is just wondering whether he can sneak away to use the restroom when the Olympics theme music blasts through the speakers, and the announcers boom over the crowd:
I feel him shaking against me. Lean forward and turn my head and see that he’s smiling. Laughing. Wide grin illuminated by the moonlight as we speed through the wet streets closer and closer to the vibrant city center, each block becoming more alive as we pass.
Greg takes a deep breath. “I do not know. But, we can try. We have to try. We can . . . we can be free. Free of the hiding.”
But then, to his surprise, Sonya leans forward, completely out of her professional perch, and looks at him with wide eyes.
Sherlock suddenly realizes he hasn’t breathed in over twenty seconds. His lungs punch and burn in his chest, screaming for air. He sucks it in slowly, slowly, carefully, not wanting to make a sound, to shift the sheets or move on the mattress. Because God, he needs to listen. He needs to catalogue the vibrations of the mattress. He needs to hear . . .
Camera cuts back to the warm kitchen, where Greg sits down at the breakfast table with one kid on his lap. He’s dressed in half of his work uniform, the top of the red jumpsuit unzipped down to the waist.
“Yes of course I know that. Everyone knows that,” he says. “Just had to look at you for thirty seconds to see it. The way you hold yourself. The way you ran and chased my suspect for me that first night. Of course you were a soldier. Only idiots can’t see that.”
He waits for five minutes, watching the tips of Sherlock’s eyelashes jut out into the warm, soft air, intimate and vulnerable in the breeze caused by John’s breath. He waits as he reaches out a hesitant hand and places it gently over the stubble on Sherlock’s cheek, running his fingertips slowly across the side of his strong jaw before reaching into his hair and scratching the side of his scalp. He waits as Sherlock’s eyes suddenly flutter open all at once, completely awake in less than a second, surprised gaze focusing immediately on John. John looks directly into his eyes, tracking the fluttering droplets of sea in his irises, the way the corners crinkle in soft warmth when Sherlock starts to smile.
Sage takes John’s hand with a bewildered look, barely touching John’s fingers. John shoots an icy look Sherlock’s way and stomps on his foot when he hears Sherlock draw in more breath, probably about to eviscerate a teenager in the middle of the Olympic Village all for John’s bloody
The American gives a scathing look to the original guard, who is looking up at her from his magazine with a look of pure annoyance and betrayal.
” in a resounding chorus before climbing up into their helicopters and planes and flying behind him into the screaming fire.
Then he skis ahead, so quickly Greg would have had trouble keeping up under normal conditions. John’s grunts of exertion echo back to them across the snow.
Sherlock grins before leaning down to plant a kiss to John’s forehead. “Yes, well, I’ve grown a bit humble. Mellowed out a bit,” he quips.
But the photographer had been kind, the set stripped down to just the essentials, no press or outsiders allowed, all of which had somehow led to the three of them being comfortable enough to pose shirtless, which resulted in the photo currently held in Greg’s hands.
The camera immediately cuts to Holmes leaning against one of the helicopters on the helipad back at the base. He pulls something from his pocket, fiddling with it in his fingers, then peels off a nicotine patch, calmly rolls up his uniform sleeve, and slaps it to his forearm.
Then John blinks hard as Sherlock’s hand stills on his cock, cradling the heavy length of him in his hand as his lips kiss gently up John’s neck, letting him take a moment to breathe. John closes his eyes against the vast horizon stretching out before him and centers himself in the feel of Sherlock’s hands on his skin, holding him.
John stretches out his legs and realizes he’s naked under the sheets, skin dry and scratchy since he never took a shower the night before. He can see what must have happened in his mind like a film – how Sherlock must have somehow gotten him from the porch into his room, and must have laid John down on the mattress and slowly taken off his sand-covered clothes, and pulled the sheets up over him so he could rest. How he must have lain there next to him wishing he was awake – wishing they were still chatting on the porch, or holding each other close, or laughing on top of each other in bed calling each other the Billabong Champion in between breathless kisses.
is about famous surfer Greg Noll, who, along with a handful of other surfers, were the first men to ever attempt to surf Waimea Bay in 1957.
Sherlock hates his own lungs for clenching at the sound of the friend’s name, flinching away from it like it’s some sort of intrusion. It makes him feel like a child, clapping his hands over his ears to block out the sound of the word “chores.”
“It seems like a pretty wild place,” she mimics, voice low. “Come on, man, loosen up a bit! This is the eighties! Not the Dark Ages in a church.”
Sherlock holds him close, running a hand up his back. The sharp angles and lean lines of his bones go soft beneath John’s weight, and Sherlock releases a long sigh through his nose into John’s hair. John can sense Sherlock’s eyes looking down at his face, studying the lines around his mouth and eyes. John lets him look for a long minute, breathing in the scent of Sherlock’s skin, then he buries his face into Sherlock’s neck and strokes his fingers up his bare chest, dancing over the planes of muscle as Sherlock breathes.
John angles to the right on the straightaway, his arms pinwheeling his poles into the snow over and over again in a terrifyingly fast rhythm, almost like an animal, and Kuznetsov is falling apart, like a machine with the parts crumbling out of place. John’s five metres behind him now, and Greg can hear his grunts echoed back to him across the ice.
The air here is thick and grungy. No glitter or hairspray floating on the wind – no bright punk bubblegum kiss on my tongue. I look up to the stars – the same ones that floated over me in the eighties. The same ones that float over me in the World. I look up at them and think of his eyes and start running on my itching feet, flying around corners and dashing down streets and peeking in every bar and restaurant and club I can find. Searching every corner of the moonlit pier.
He finds him easily. He’s leaning back in the sand with a t-shirt pulled on and his wetsuit top hanging down by his hips, running a hand through his soaked blonde fringe and laughing like it’s the only way he knows how to breathe. Laughing surrounded by a group of other surfers.
“Oh, oh my God, um . . . It’s Kate. Kate McLaren. Oh, but you don’t need to know my last name. Of course. That would be silly. Wow, it’s such an honor, sir. I can’t tell you. I’m such a fan . . .”
That’s why he needs to say thank you, he thinks as he trudges slowly down the lane. Because he wouldn’t have faulted Scotty one goddamn bit if he hadn’t just left John to drown in his own defensive anger and self-pity in the sand.
John barely has time to wonder why until he hears a groan of disappointment and shock behind him, and he looks to the scoreboard.
He turns and reaches up long fingers to push the hat up off his forehead. I can see his eyes. They’re little pools – the palm-fulls of rationed water that were handed to me in the screaming damp heat of the jungle. He looks at me. His fingers twitch against the denim on his thighs like a rattler’s tail.
“You’re an infuriating dick. Change your own damn name if it’s so important to you. Scotty’s gotta be short for something.”
wishing, that he could be out there flying down the mountain on skis with these two gorgeous, quiet men instead.
An odd mix of shock and gratitude flowed through me. He never spoke like that to me. Never was so open with his words. So unwrapped and laid bare.
in Standing Class. You set a new Factored Time Course Record, shot the first clean Biathlon race in two Paralympics,
“What, you had to one-up the rest of us and have two things blasted off you? What’s missing up there?”
But then again . . . had he? Was it not normal to want to kiss your partner after they accomplished the impossible? Were Olympics highlight reels not ninety-percent filled with winners rushing to kiss their loved ones in the stands? Had he not witnessed John look at him with dazzling, awestruck adoration that night in the golf cart on their way to Greg’s room?
John clears his throat and shakes his head towards the road, and Sherlock follows silently. By unspoken agreement Sherlock hands John the keys to the Jeep when they get near, and after throwing his board in the back he gets into the passenger seat, placing his hand firmly on John’s knee when John lets out the clutch to start driving them home.
The low heat that had been pooling in Sherlock’s gut from the moment John had popped up on his first wave of the day explodes into a fire of want, pulsing between his legs and grinding against the heat from John’s body. He melts as John pants and groans into his mouth, forgets to breath as John kisses every inch of his lips and steals the moans hovering at the tip of Sherlock’s tongue. Sherlock brings his hands up to clutch at John’s waist, helpless to do anything else but surrender and hold on.
A creeping sense of fear joins the nerves already thrumming through John’s body. He looks down at the screen Greg is holding out to him. It takes him only a split-second to read.
I remember once, right after you learned exactly what we were, you asked us how come you never seen us hugging each other. How come you rarely seen us even talk more than a few words to each other over all those years. You said to us, “How come y’all don’t ever kiss? Or argue? Or say ‘I love you’?”
It was supposed to be easy. Deliver the supplies. Pass off some Intel. Say hello to the Army buddies exhausted from trekking on foot through the jungle. In and out in five hours. Come back on board with the same amount of bullets they left with.
Finally Sherlock reaches up to hold John’s face once more, thumb resting at the corner of his mouth. “You have another early day tomorrow. Should get some sleep.”
He wants to cross his arms and smirk that Johnny’s probably basking in the glory with no idea whatsoever that of course Sherlock knew there would be a good wave hiding behind that little closed out dud of a barrel. He didn’t study the ocean obsessively for his entire life for nothing.
John hums. He feels alone on the earth with Sherlock out in the middle of the ocean, their voices echoing loudly across the thrumming surface of the waves. He feels as if the shoreline could suddenly disappear, and they could be surrounded by nothing but the sea, and it really wouldn’t bother him in the least. He expects that thought to gnaw freshly at the pit of his chest with anxiety, dragging him down towards the little piece of shiny metal that he knows is still resting at the bottom of the sea, worn and smooth from years spent warm and dry in the palm of his hand. Instead all he feels is a gentle, far away calm, slowly approaching his bare skin before reaching out to cover him with soft and easy warmth.
paddle steadily towards the most dangerous waves on earth while he stands powerless and frozen on the shore.
Sherlock grins briefly at the screen, then shakes his head, turning back to Sonya and Rick. “Just . . . someone I knew. An old friend,” he says in an anticlimactic mumble.
I know he said those words in that voice just for me. And as I enter the kitchen, and the smell of pot roast fills my nose, I suddenly realize what that hot and hollow feeling had meant. I remember, clear as yesterday, those nights I’d wake up sweatin’ and writhing from a black dream, and I’d walk on shaky legs without wakin’ Alma into the girls’ room. I’d pick one of ‘em up in my arms, slowly so they wouldn’t wake, and I’d hold them close to me in the dark, listening to their little lungs breathe.
I’m in great pain. She notices. Just when I think she’s going to suggest I sit down a young woman comes barreling out from a hallway, eyes wide.
Interviewer, a bit overwhelmed: “And. . . and what of your other contracts? Any planned trips? Are you still taking calls?”
Japan—imagine! A Holmes (because you are a Holmes, you know you’re a Holmes) going all the way clear across the world to Japan! I know you saw your granddaddy’s eyes grow big as saucers. Sometimes I think he forgets there’s a whole other world that exists outside Baker and Boston and his jungle dreams. Sometimes I do, too.
“Of course, we understand it’s a . . . sensitive subject,” Sonya cuts in, sending a quick glare to Rick. She turns her softest doe eyes back to Sherlock. “But now you’ve recovered, I’m sure the viewers at home would love to know more about your inspirational recovery.”
“You need to know,” he starts. His breath tightens on the words, and he clears his throat and starts again. “You need to know this isn’t just a game for me.”
“Hello? You need any help up there?” John calls back. “I’m pretty sure you’re sinking under the weight of your gigantic fucking head.”
On cue, Sherlock’s stomach growls. John smirks and walks into the cool darkness of the house, heading straight for the small fridge and looking at the contents inside with a frown on his face, muttering to himself under his breath.
But Sherlock goes on, sitting tall even as he leans into Greg’s side. “He was telling me not to try to move, and that he was there, and that you loved me.” He swallows again. “You
I do not know where I am standing. I do not know what either of you are thinking. I have not been touched in almost a week. Maybe you can handle that, but not me. And of course I feel guilty—this is your Olympics, and you are focused. I feel I should be the more brave. More strong than that. But . . .
“Wait!” Greg calls, fumbling to keep up when his legs feel like jelly, a sharp, stabbing pain behind his ribs. “Let us drive you back. It’s too far. We can keep talking about it back at home.” He winces. He’d meant to say back at the Village.
Greg’s voice: “I . . . I may not look it in your footage. None of us may look it. But I have never felt more relief than when Sherlock Holmes opened his eyes. God. It was . . . But we had to keep working, to search for the patient, and the ice was unstable, we all knew. But . . . sorry for the language, but
Sherlock is hyperactive these days, and for him that’s really saying something. I feel he’s channeling his emotions over the pregnancy into learning everything he can about it, and so our flat is absolutely plastered in gynecology textbooks, the history of childbirth, old and new diagrams, etc. But aside from that life has pretty much gone on as before. We still have cases, I’m still at the clinic, Sherlock still never really sits down. We still cook and eat and argue and caress and watch telly and go for walks and tease and have early morning sex.
She nods and releases her grip. She doesn’t smile, but there’s a clarity on her face Sherlock hasn’t ever seen since the first day she showed up in their living room with his father’s hand on her shoulder and a new engagement ring on her finger.
Cut back to the helicopter. Through the window, we see Patrick handing the patient off to the team of nurses and hospital staff. They share a few lines of friendly chit-chat, shivering against the cold.
Sherlock suddenly senses a pair of eyes on him from across the table. He glances up from his plate, and John gives him a brief, pleading look, his hand clenched into a tight fist, before John swallows hard and looks away.
Face down in the snow, dragged across the ice, hurdling down the side of the course on his belly until he slams once into the gates with his ankles and ribs before continuing his deadly slide.
He’s not going to last. With a gasp he pulls off, rubbing John’s penis against his cheek. “Fuck John I can’t – shit I’m gonna come. I’m gonna come.”
Gerold, off-screen: “But I . . . I know what he means. Days like today, when the mountain calls to you, she looks so calm. So beautiful. You completely forget that people die on her slopes. That your job is dangerous. It’s just . . . it is as he said, eh? It’s just fun.”
Sherlock doesn’t want to leave the car. When he does, he’ll have to be Scotty Holmes. John will separate from him and pretend they didn’t just arrive together, and John will be surrounded by surfers from all over the world wishing him luck and catching up on the latest news and gossip and warming up together and sitting together to strategize. And meanwhile Sherlock will be off to the sidelines with his sunglasses on, dodging all the shocked looks he knows he’ll get when word spreads he isn’t surfing this year, trying to avoid fangirls and ass-kissers and rivals all at once by looking as unapproachable as possible.
I put my hand on his chest and felt his heartbeat racing through his shirt (you know he didn’t just wear that nice flannel shirt for you? He still dresses up for me, every time we sit down for a nice home cooked dinner. Washed and polished and tucked in tight. He rubs on cologne and brushes over his hair. I adore it).
Sherlock doesn’t answer. He looks up at the sky, biting his lip and shaking his head. He looks desperate and lost and furious.
We watch him walk out towards the helipad through the open hangar doors. After a few seconds, he raises his right hand into the sky and points his finger. One second later, the alarm sounds.
Nineteen and holding up his Nagano Silver, leaping into his mother’s open arms over the railing. Sinking to his knees in the snow in disbelief when he won the Salt Lake Gold. His first ever ad campaign with Rossignol, skiing shirtless down the mountain with his Gold and Silver around his neck, a hit 2001 pop song blaring. Then there’s Turin, where he shocked everyone by coming back from fifth place to win his second Gold while
“Christ, I got so plastered,” she goes on. “Couldn’t remember what happened till I came back here the next week and everyone else told me I danced topless up on a table,” she laughs.
John tries to hold back his smile, watching Sherlock slowly try to process what he said. “There’s only so much you can do all the way out here,” he says. “So if you go looking for her – if you go back to the mainland. You know that I’ll go with you.”
Sherlock wipes a tear from the corner of his eye. “John, I could drive this road with my eyes closed –”
She takes one more look around the sad little trailer. I see her eyes linger on the fishin’ pole standing up in the far corner by the water heater.
And he hadn’t thought those words in a very long time. Not since he was twenty-one in a ski lodge bed.
A laugh bubbles up in Sherlock’s chest at the thought and he pulls back to chuckle breathlessly against John’s lips. John cups his cheek in his calloused hand and frowns, a grin spreading across his wet and swollen lips.
John looks at him with deep blue eyes and clears his throat, voice soft and intimate in the silence of the room. “I knew I had to come back the second I opened my apartment door. Just took me a few days to sort everything out.” John breathes out a sigh. “Fuck, Sherlock, I’m so sorry I left –”
Without thinking John grinds his hips down slowly, suddenly feeling his hardening cock press deep into the crease of Sherlock’s ass through his shorts. They moan simultaneously. John freezes, and the air crackles around them, rushing across John’s skin and sensitizing the tips of his fingers.
John can hear Scotty following him, breathing slightly hard from the morning’s worth of surfing. Aside from that the man had hardly broken a damn sweat.
Greg smiles, eyes dark and sad. “More or less, yeah. Was wondering how long it would take you to figure it out.”
still be doing that, that physically Sherlock was more than capable (and interested, too, if his cock some mornings was anything to go by). But at this point, with such a huge belly in between us, it’s become pretty impossible to do anything without touching it, and if anything has changed the past few week’s it’s been Sherlock’s almost startling disconnect from his body.
Watson laughs through his nose. Surprisingly, tension eases out of his body. His limbs relax. He holds the iPad gently in his lap.
Watson and Dominic rushing to the little girl, Freda, with her leg bent unnaturally in the snow, a swarm of anxious skiers at her back.
Johnny’s lips grow soft, and he gazes at Sherlock for a few silent beats. “You can call me John,” he says. And then he’s gone, leaving Sherlock open-mouthed and rattled in the sand. Wanting to break his own mask and chase after John and grab his wrist and whisper “who the hell are you” and “please, please don’t go.”
He likes to close his eyes in the other room and track the intimate changes of their voices, how they speak quieter as they gradually draw nearer on the couch, imagining legs tucked around thighs, arms across shoulders, lips hovering near ears. Listening to John’s voice get raspy and deep with each swallow of whiskey, and Greg’s velvet accent become more and more unspooled—streams of rolling Frech which John can’t even pretend to understand, but which make him laugh, then sigh, then groan when Greg repeats those hushed words into his ear. The warm corner of his jaw.
Sherlock’s heart is pounding in his chest. His legs feel weak in the sand underneath him. Watching John conquer that wave was unlike anything he’s ever experienced in his life. He feels breathless and awestruck. He wants to laugh and turn to the entire beach full of people carefully not looking his direction and yell “He kissed me this morning! That man kissed me!”
He shucks off his own jeans with shaking fingers then drops to his knees like he wanted to, grabbing the back of John’s thighs and rubbing his cheek slowly along John’s erection as John curses under his breath above him. John’s hands settle firmly on his shoulders, holding him down to earth. Sherlock kneads his hands firmly into his ass, then turns his face and breathes hot air against the covered tip of John’s cock, feeling the fabric turn wet and warm under his lips. John’s shaking under his touch. Straining to push forward against his mouth and back into the firm grip of his hands.
“You know,” Greg adds with that on-camera-innocent spread of his hands. “Have to keep his head in the game!”
Cut back to Watson still lying on his back on the asphalt. His chest is still heaving, and he rubs his palm up over his face. The sky above him looks endless – a clear and empty blue.
He nods, prying my fingers off the front of his shirt so he can smooth down my collar from where he’s gripped it. I don’t want to leave his air. I grab the side of his long neck and run my nose cross his cheek once before pulling myself away, lookin’ out over my shoulder at the empty street as I move back towards the stairs, tucking in my shirt where he’d rucked it up in the back. I’m only three steps away from him and already I can’t breathe right.
Her smile grows wider. I can tell that she’s wanted to talk about all of this for years. Wanted to have a willing audience so she could brag about Sherlock Holmes.
Watson, quietly: “Sher – Holmes and I, I mean, yeah, we like to have a go at it. We’ve worked together so long, he knows what pushes my buttons, and I know what push his.”
He tells me how I was never supposed to know so early. He looks right sheepish when he says he didn’t know the post office would return the card like that, and how he had postcards written up in advance and sealed in envelopes that his secretary would unknowingly send to me throughout the year thinking she was communicatin’ with his lawyer.
Sherlock’s head whips around to look at him, his eyes blown wide with surprise, and Greg instantly snatches his hand back as his face pales. He can’t believe he’d forgotten that they were in public, surrounded by tables of people who could recognize them both. Who could look, and see, and with one photo, one whispered rumor . . .
John opens his eyes out of the memory to see Sherlock still fast asleep next to him, nose twitching gently in the throes of a dream, chest heaving deep and slow. John stares at him and waits for his insides to churn into nausea. Waits for the realization to dawn hot and sour in his gut that he’d finally given in to the desire he’d forbidden himself from since he was sixteen on a sunset beach and found himself wishing that Lisa Kerny’s painted fingernails gliding over his skin could be replaced with Billy Murray’s solid, calloused fingers.
Watson’s lips twitch: “Uh, fifteen years. Sixteen next w– er, yeah. Fifteen years, on and off, whenever we need to call him.”
“Well thank god you decided to show up. I almost had to put this one in a corner he was whining so much about why you weren’t here yet to play in the sandbox with him,” she says, pointing her thumb towards Greg and pretending to resist as he wraps her in a hug from the side and tries to press a sloppy kiss to her cheek. John chuckles down at the sand, unsure as to whether his laughter is real or forced.
And there, right before our eyes, all of the focus on his face from the rest of the mission completely disappears. He breaks, reaching down to cup Holmes’ cheek. His eyes grow wet, and he slowly shakes his head.
Greg sighs, crossing his arms, then subtly shifts his weight so his arm briefly brushes against John’s. “
“He’s one second ahead!” someone else cries, and John sees that the screen is now showing Sherlock’s time as 1.28 seconds ahead of Greg’s World Record. The stands fill with French flags, billowing like exploding waves. The cowbells make John’s teeth and bones rattle together, his whole body nothing but noise and sound and speed, a thousand times louder and brighter than the cheers at his own Final had been.
The stadium seems to fall silent except for the Russian cheering section towards the back. The earth rushes away, muffled as Greg waits, absolutely frozen, for the screen to confirm the final results.
I’m not proud. My dog tags are bent slightly. They cause my thin white t-shirt to peak over them, revealing their secret beneath. I wish I could wear my tags above my shirt so that everyone would know I didn’t get this limp and this nearly dead arm from being some ninny hidin’ back on his daddy’s ranch. I wish I could wear them so deep inside my chest that nobody knows that I went over to ‘Nam and got shipped back for failin’ to duck in time.
I see the look of panic that flashes across his face, and it makes me have to look away so he can’t see the mist building in my eyes. His body is rebelling against him, dragging him back to the lie he was forced to fully live out for seventeen-plus years, and it kills me to watch it happen – to watch others watch it happen too without any invitation at all.
After a while John pulls forward out of Sherlock’s reach and turns to look at him. He stops himself from feeling embarrassed that his eyes must be puffy and red. Sherlock holds his gaze and smiles.
Holmes: “Yes. I’m fine. Obviously, since he dashed off to go play resuscitation hero and left me here in the snow.”
He crouched too early, center of gravity pitched too far forward over the breaking crest of the wave, and the entire beach gasps as O’Brien tumbles forward off the lip of the fifteen-foot wave, board flying up behind him and limbs scrambling for purchase in the air before he crashes headfirst into the belly of the barrel.
Sherlock holds John’s hand against his cheek, then turns his face to kiss the center of John’s palm. The earth stops, and John’s breath catches in his throat.
And he somehow still manages to find little moments in the day to irritate me completely on purpose, to egg me on to remind us that we’re still the old Sherlock and John, even if we have two babies in our arms now. Like this morning, when he somehow figured out how to make non-flammable glitter and then poured a handful of it into the toaster so that it exploded all over the kitchen counter when I made my morning toast. He did that just to make me surprised, and then mad, and then incredulous, and then tickled, and then incandescently happy. He did that to remind me that I’m John Watson.
He feels exhausted from the day. The conversation with John in the car, the unexpected memories of his own mom, his revelation surfing behind John on the wave, all leave him feeling wrung out completely dry. Hell, the last four days have done nothing but wring him out, over and over and over again until he’s been wiped completely clean under John Watson’s soft, blue gaze.
I see him long and thick, dripping from the tip and pressing up into my hip from a mess of dark brown curls. I shut my eyes tight and bite my tongue. I’m fucked. Ruined.
We laughed for hours, and then he wordlessly turned in my arms and started removing my clothes. He laid me down on the soft porch bench, and straddled me as he opened himself with lube the sneaky bastard had hidden in the cushions. Then he looked straight into my eyes, and placed my hands either side of his belly, and sunk down until I was fully inside of him. He rode me deep and slow, every muscle in his thighs tensed as he lifted himself up again and again.
So Sherlock Holmes does the only thing he can be expected to do in a moment like this, and he finishes zipping up his jacket according to plan, slips on snow boots without any socks, then creeps out into the hallway and out the building front door.
John can’t believe that only a handful of seconds have passed as the course attendant counts him down to his start time, and as the light before him flashes yellow.
He picks up his mobile, turns it on without looking at the screen, then dials before he has to see whether Sherlock or Greg sent him any texts since yesterday evening.
I reach forward for him but he steps back with a flinch. “I would if I could, you know that,” I say.
He immediately continues searching for Greg. Then, when the attendant is still staring at him, looking somewhat let-down, John curses. “Shit, sorry. I mean, thanks for getting me in here. I was . . . running a bit late.”
Sherlock kisses along his jaw from behind. “Next you’d push just the tip of your finger inside me. I’d clench around you. Hot and tight and pulling you in—”
“You won, sir,” someone’s voice is faintly saying through the stadium speakers, picked up on a camera mic. “Sir, you have won.”
Sherlock sighs, then runs his fingertips idly up his bare stomach, shivering at the goosebumps alighting over his skin, and his thoughts drift back to John.
There’s water suddenly brimming in my eyes. I blink it down. “You kept it all to yourself,” I go on. “She could have been here. She could have had this. But you –”
He reaches for him. Takes his hand. “I would do anything for you. Potential reactions don’t concern me, as you well know. If this is what feels right for you, I have no hesitations.”
The air is filled with sweat and wet grime. It smells like a secret hidden away inside my bones for years – one I haven’t taken out to look at until this moment. It also smells ugly and foreign in the dark, hair raising on the back of my neck and lungs clenching to try and squeeze out the air. Get it away.
The girl puts her hand on my shoulder, palm hot through my clothes. “You seem an alright bloke, Matt,” she agrees. “We just don’t want you getting yourself fucked over, is all.”
I pull myself outta bed and crack my neck. The early hints of dawn are pouring in through the slit in the curtain, lighting my path as I yank on an old pair of sweats and a soft black t-shirt I’m pretty certain is Sherlock’s from his rodeo days. It’s grown loose from decades of hand washing, and there’s a ripped hole in both armpits. It smells like horses and Persil detergent and the talcum powder Sherlock used to clean his Stetson last week.
Rick gestures at the photograph. “Tell us Sherlock, with your Final just days away, are Greg and John working together to be your dream-team for success? And how does Greg feel about—?”
Despite the flurry of activity, it has only been three or four minutes since Patrick touched down on the ice. Elsa sprints in circles around them, nose down to the snow, trying and failing to pick up the new scent of where Holmes and the patient are trapped beneath.
“I feel grateful to be alive, yes, but . . . this is about today, not five years ago. And all of us have earned the same right to be here. Succeeded at the same trials.”
the Billabong Pipeline Masters champion. Then Sherlock’s words from just that morning float to him on the warm, floral breeze, cutting harshly through his fantasy.
“There is still the time to say no,” says Greg’s voice, as if from far away. “John? We do not have to do this.”
We gaze at each other. He suddenly looks so young. “I’ll see you on Saturday,” I tell him. “When I Visit.” The fear fades slowly from his eyes. His face looks clear. “Look at me,” I say again, as his eyelids start to droop. “I’m here,” I say, as they fall shut.
He glances at the wind whipping through John’s hair, brushing it back from his face. John suddenly smiles at him. He looks ten years younger than Sherlock has seen him look in months.
And maybe that’s what does it—his tiny, insignificant brush with danger, ripping him out of the monotony of an Olympics filled with meetings and coach briefings and practice runs watched from the sidelines, his feet in regular boots. Maybe the knock to his head simply jogged his memory. Maybe he wants one last hoorah before the inevitable.
He stayed alive for two months. Working and eating and sleeping. Breathe in, breathe out. Eyes open in the morning and closed at night.
With a rush of air John reaches down and strips off his own shirt, then falls into Sherlock’s arms, skin to skin. It feels so much different from the times they’ve touched naked before. Sherlock can’t even believe that someone’s skin could change in texture so drastically. His hands run up the hard, muscled plane of John’s stomach, dipping across the curves of his abs and trailing through the hair leading down from his navel. John shudders underneath his palms, arching into his touch, and Sherlock moves his palms up over John’s chest, pausing to rub softly over his nipples until they peak. John looks down at Sherlock’s hands on his body and groans, closing his eyes.
Harry took the truck after that. He drove me in it to the bus station three years ago in ’62, me all done up in my pressed army greens that matched the Ford’s peeling paint. My dog tags had hung clean and gleaming on my hairless chest, not a scratch on ‘em, and the engraving round my name looked fresh like you could still smell the burning metal from the etching factory. My last unfinished homework assignment from my second year of high school still lay on the kitchen table with the sharpened pencil next to it. I’d been held back twice.
Sherlock’s lips wrap around the corner of his jaw in an open kiss. His voice rumbles in Greg’s ear with a beautiful sigh. “
It takes Greg a few seconds to realize that John is talking to him, followed by a rush of guilt that he’d half-forgotten John was even standing there. Just like John probably intended.
Greg levels Sherlock with a warning glare, but Sherlock’s eyes are exhausted, his hand rubbing his neck. He looks ready to fall over, and Greg quietly walks over to him and puts a hand on his shoulder.
Somehow we both know that this is how things are gonna go for the summer. We trade off every couple days who has to go and be with the sheep. Those days apart feel longer’n hell. Every night we sit leaning against each other by the fire and tell each other the days of our lives one by one, tradin’ stories and barbs, smokes and alcohol. He’s a wild one. He leaps cross all different conversation topics, and jumps up in the middle of me talkin’ to go run into the trees and investigate something or other, tells me I’m an idiot and a genius all in the same breath. He’s a rude little bastard when he puts his mind to it, but then I remember that I can be a prickly, closed off son of a bitch with a bullet scar on my chest, and I feel bad for ever thinking he ain’t the greatest friend I ever had.
Sherlock nods, brushing his face against John’s neck, and moves his palm up to cover the scar under John’s thin shirt. The warmth from Sherlock’s hand feels like an iron. A kiss and a burn and a warm fire on the blackest winter night all at once. The tingling of his mom’s coral fingernails scratching lightly at his scalp.
-Lahela tells Sherlock that the surfing he does can be called "he'e nalu." This translates into English as "wave sliding." This is what the Ancient Hawaiians referred to the art of surfing as, which was so much more than just a sport. I honestly don't know whether a woman like Lahela would still use that word in the time period of this fic, but I think it helps move along part of Sherlock's character arc in this chapter so I decided to use it.
John huffs and mutters “unbelievable” under his breath as he watches Scotty jog towards the waves. The jellyfish glistens on his back under the sunrise, peeking through the cool, grey fog. John takes a deep breath of salty air, listens to the seagulls start to make their way across the sky. The beach is silent except for the gentle roar of the waves on the sand, the smooth hiss of foam spreading out across the shore. They’re utterly alone – nothing but the craggy mountains at their backs.
“Can’t imagine you can see a damn thing standing here,” says a voice next to him. “You don’t have height on your side, that’s for certain!”
Greg licks his lips and glances between the two of them. He looks like he’s going to say something—something which is causing his brown eyes to look deep and black, and the lines around his mouth to etch into hesitant folds. Sherlock wants to turn around and scream at the entire mountain range to
I blink, trying to keep up, and then I understand. And I want to sink heavily to my knees and hold him close.
He keeps walking towards the shore, picking up his board along the way. He can hear John sighing behind him as he jogs to catch up.
Johnny hesitates, then looks straight at him. His body goes completely still. It’s absolutely terrifying.
“The only thing important about my rather insignificant life is that I get to live life with these—”
John’s voice is breaking and choked. “Just, do you have any idea how long . . . how long I’ve wanted to do that?” He pauses again to catch his breath, eyes shining. “I can’t – seventeen fucking years, Sherlock. I’ve wanted to do this. And it feels –” He swallows down a cry, shaking his head self-deprecatingly before running his forearm over his face. “It felt so fucking good. So
He stops and takes a few long, deep breaths. His fingers shake, and he clenches one hand into a fist.
Greg, in voice-over: “Normally, a situation like this, fifteen minutes and . . . you are done. The cold is too much, you have not enough oxygen to breathe. Your body melts the snow, you sink down deeper, and . . .that’s it.”
Sherlock is staring at him. Greg quickly meets his gaze, and a silent understanding passes between them like a pulse. It’s the understanding that Sherlock knows exactly what it meant that John held Greg’s hand last night. That Sherlock just called the Oscars the Olivers on purpose to try and help John forget that he has a gruelling, nearly impossible task waiting for him in less than eight hours.
Sherlock takes it. He grips the base of John’s cock in his hand, wraps the other around his thigh by his cheek, and takes John down as far back in his throat as he can, feeling him swell to hardness on his tongue. John’s head is resting on his hip watching. Sherlock can feel the stubble from his cheek on his bare skin like electric shocks of pleasure. John rubs at his side, wraps the other arm around his thigh, and rolls his hips slowly, pressing himself deeper into Sherlock’s open mouth as Sherlock grabs desperately at the back of his ass, pulling him close against his face.
Greg can see the fight dying in John’s body, like a physical energy seeping out from his limbs in a thick fog. Like he’s spent every ounce of energy and doesn’t have a single thing left. Even his eyes look flat, as if the blue has been sucked out of them and thrown off into the open sky.
As it turns out, the only point Sherlock has succeeded in making is that he is an utterly selfish twat. What a bloody wonderful surprise. Because now he’s weak-kneed at the sight of John Watson so near to him for the first time in what feels like weeks. And he wants to go back in time and give away every single one of his own sponsorships if it means he can get the last hour back, where he should have been here, with John, laughing with him and touching him, groaning together over the idiocy of so-called journalism, telling him he looks handsome, simply breathing his same air . . . instead of fussing over his own hair in a fluorescent bathroom.
In a daze Sherlock walks down the beach in the opposite direction of the bar and his motel. The opposite direction of Johnny Watson. His fingers rub the smooth metal casing in his pocket until the sun starts peaking up over the distant horizon, sending puffs of slowly warming salty air across his skin. His body is exhausted, begging him for rest and water. He pats his other pocket to reach for cash for a cab and realizes he left his wallet back in his motel like an absolute moron. And when he finally drops down limp onto his motel bed almost three hours later, sweating and dehydrated and spent, he lies there and tries very hard to hate Johnny Watson with every fiber of his being. To hate him for staring straight into his eyes in the middle of a crowded pier, and for stubbornly insisting on introducing himself while they waited for the waves, and for emerging from the whitewater as the winner, and for making Sherlock’s throat tighten when he placed his warm, rough hand on his shoulder and pushed him away, and for being so damned unpredictable.
Instead he starts to gather his things so that they can leave the car and head back down to the beach, pausing to speak just before pulling his aviators back down over his eyes and ignoring the dull, dreading ache in his chest.
John thinks of their shins brushing against each other as they perched side by side on their boards, Scotty’s eyes soft and bright and focused on nothing but John and the water.
They’ve done it. Done what had felt like the impossible. They’ve faced each other and said the secret things—the things they all thought would bring everything to the ground, and in the middle of the pressure-cooker that is the Olympics—and they’re all still standing. Greg could stand atop the tallest mountain on earth and tip over the edge and successfully ski all the way down to the bottom. He could limp every day for the rest of his life and not care. He could sit through a thousand meetings. Watch from ten-thousand sidelines.
-George Moore is in honor of two surfers. First is George Freeth, who many consider the father of modern surfing. He was half-Hawaiian, born in 1883 on Oahu. A journalist spotted him and took him to Los Angeles (Redondo Beach, specifically) and marketed him as the man who could walk on water. Most people in the US had never even heard of surfing, let alone seen it in person. He died in 1919 at age 35 due to the global flu pandemic.
Behind him, Dom tries to regain his own calm, staring down at the pit of snow with wide-open eyes. Elsa paws at the jagged snow and starts to cry.
Suddenly the battlefield is gone, replaced with the neon bright city zooming past my eyes, shocked people running for safety to the pavements, blending into a sea of colors and glitter and hair.
I ask him the next morning tangled up in the tent whether things is normal for him when he’s with women. I lay there thinking bout all the times I could never get it up with Alma, all the nights I left her cold and hangin’ alone on her side of the bed. I think about the few single nights I’ve had with little waitresses and ranch cooks since her and how they look at me with pity in their eyes when we’re done. I think of how I get hard back in Signal in my empty little house just thinkin’ of Sherlock’s hands sliding up my thighs.
John slows down and speaks over his shoulder. “That’s just it. We’re not at home. But I survived in a fucking desert in the middle of a war, so I think I can figure out how to make my way back without needing to be rescued. I won’t need to text either of you for help. Just this once.”
“Oh, love.” John brings Sherlock’s hand up to his mouth and kisses it, holding the skin against his face. “Sherlock I don’t need to look for anyone,” he says, voice choking. “You are my family. I have you.”
Sherlock tries to respond, his fingers flying over his cracked screen, but when only jumbled letters and typos come out, he gives up and calls Greg repeatedly, over and over, until Greg finally answers just as Sherlock shoves his charger into the wall so his phone doesn’t die.
Sherlock pulls back and looks at him just as Chris finishes the final call on the shell. John moves to step back from Sherlock when suddenly a voice breaks the silence.
It’s as if he has simply ceased to exist—his life up until now nothing but a fevered, hopeful dream, and the moment he went to bed alone on the night of John’s Gold Medal win, he erased it all and reset himself to factory settings, where he’s always alone. Never expected. Never scolded or sparking any modicum of concern. His daily schedule, his choice and his alone, having absolutely no effect on anyone else’s emotions.
Voices sound muffled and far away, everything eclipsed by the distant blaring of the alarm mixed with a medical-sounding beeping we can’t yet place.
“Yeah I did.” John shrugs his shoulders. “And the world didn’t end. You know? It’s—” John runs his hand through his hair, looking past Sherlock out the window. “Shit, Sherlock, I wanted to kiss you on the beach after you came out of the waves. I wanted to so fucking badly. I wanna tell people that I’m with you. That I just moved in with you, because that’s the kind of shit people get to be excited about.”
There aren’t millions of people watching him on televisions across the world, and there aren’t thousands of people at his back, or announcers calling his every move. There aren’t cameras pointed at his face, his hands, his suit, his gun, his skis. At his leg.
One night I’m out way past dark tryna find a runaway runt that got stuck down in a ravine. I cut my hand on a thorn mighty bad draggin’ it out, and by the time the whole ordeal is over my stomach is screaming for food and my hand is bleedin’ so bad I know I won’t make it through the night up in that field without going back to camp. A lifetime of cowboyin’ tells me that that same runt is gonna end up back in the ditch during the night if I leave and sleep back at the camp, but my belly feels hot and empty and the whipping air is turning the blood dripping down my palm into an ice slick, so I pack up the pup tent and saddle up my horse to return.
As the helicopter takes off for a new mission, leaving us behind, we see that it is exactly as Watson said.
The room had been quiet, only their shoulders touching, as the screen had slowly faded in to a sea of pure white snow; the slick slide of skis etching themselves through the ice; the camera bobbing and weaving as it made its way across the snow; John’s breath, deep and rumbling and strong, as the point-of-view shot took them across one of his training routes from California.
Sherlock decides that, in the interest of keeping the roommate asleep, the quicker this conversation the better. “I’m kidnapping you,” he whispers.
John cuts him off with a kiss, holding the back of Greg’s head close. This time, Greg doesn’t pull away. Soft, wet sounds echo through the locker room, somehow louder than every celebration held on those benches, and more real. Their kiss deepens. John loses track of who is pursuing who. The kiss reaches parts of John he hadn’t realized had been numb over the last few days until they suddenly burn and flare to life, like frozen fingers roaring back to warmth by a hot fire, and he moans with it, shivers at the unimaginably comforting taste of Greg’s mouth. He hadn’t realized how deeply he had missed it, how painfully, since he’d tasted Sherlock just hours before, how his body had felt out of balance, out of alignment, like he was limping and only now could walk straight.
John reaches up to cup Sherlock’s face gently in his palm, and Sherlock turns his face softly into the touch, breath shuttering out his nose as a wet sheen glosses over his eyes. John’s chest clenches.
Sherlock follows the gaze of half the crowd to the screen, where a slow-motion replay of him kissing Greg and John in turn is currently playing, next to a recap of his run. He watches, his heart in his throat, but it isn’t even horrifying. It isn’t sickening in the least. The few negative jeers in the stadium pass over his head like air, drowned out by more celebrating cheers, building to a crest.
John looks up to see Walter coming into the room, holding his bag on his lap as he navigates his wheelchair through the locker room benches. He’s a German athlete John had met at shooting practice a week before—they’d shared a lane, and John had ended up owing him a handful of money after Walter out-rifled him twenty-five shots to twenty-three.
For one moment, he looks back up towards the sky. We see the helicopter above outlined by a sky of swirling mist and grey. And then, Holmes, in drastic red standing out on the landing skid of the chopper, keeping his grip on Watson’s rope with his back plastered up against the helicopter’s metal side.
An odd look passes across John’s face, something like sadness or regret, before he stands up too and stretches out his back. “Right, yeah,” John says. “You both should get your sleep for the next few days. I’ll just—”
John glances down to the Navy-issue canteen in his hand and shrugs. “Turns out if you get metal blasted through your body you get to keep it as a souvenir.”
Union Hospital is a giant white fortress of a thing. It shoots up towards the heavens like pillars made of clouds. A giant white scar in the landscape, filled with death.
The breath is stolen from his lungs as Scotty’s hand suddenly rises from the water, palm placed firmly down right over the scar on John’s chest. He gasps. Scotty’s hand doesn’t move.
Greg sucks in a breath, and Sherlock suddenly feels so earnest, so desperate to drive every memory of those horrible words from Greg’s mind, that he sits up. He feels incredibly awake, like he could fight them if they were to appear right now. Greg sits up too, slowly, an unreadable expression on his face through the shadows.
“He’s in pain,” he says again, his voice sounding utterly torn apart and lost. And John can’t even get his throat to work to say anything back, to ask what Sherlock could possibly mean, or if they’re potentially thinking the same thing, before Sherlock sighs and kisses the center of Orion for a long, long time. Long enough that John’s eyes start to droop closed, and Sherlock’s soft lips against his back feel absolutely nothing like freezing sand.
It was one of the most erotic things I’d ever seen, and I was considering how well it would be taken if I suggested he join me in our bedroom. We haven’t had sex, or any physical intimacy, really, since Spain. At first I was worried for him – even though he looks so hugely pregnant, he hasn’t quite hit that final stage of complete discomfort that usually comes with twins. He can still find an ok sleeping position, and move around and get up on his own without too much struggle, and so I guess I figured that even lying together and having a good snog would still be in the cards, especially after the mind-blowing sex we had on that porch.
Sherlock’s heart sinks in his chest. He’s heard this all before. It would feel mildly irritating and dull if only John wasn’t still looking at him with that damn unreadable expression, eyes narrowed and wary while his body leans ever closer to Greg’s beside him.
“Angry?” Something steals the air from Greg’s lungs. “You think that I am angry—me raising my voice now? It is not anger. I am so . . . so proud of you both. Even with what has happened, with you being out. I am proud that you are showing your love. You are changing the world.”
But Greg shifts, and his shoulder briefly bumps John’s, just for a moment, and it’s enough. Greg knows. He
Rick sputters, completely unsure what to do with such an earnest response. Greg blinks away the sudden water in his eyes, and Sonya quietly gasps.
“Right. Other Wild Card they’ll throw in there – Peter Fu. From Maui. He’s the exact opposite of Hamilton. Attacks every wave whether it’s a clear open barrel or not. He’s wicked good at skirting on the foam – so he’ll take a wave he knows is gonna collapse and he’ll ride the barrel as long as he can before just hopping out and grinding along the foam in front. Then he does some fancy show-off leap at the end to finish the ride. He’s nineteen. Paddles like hell the entire set. He’ll take every wave he can get his hands on, which sort of takes care of Hamilton for you, but Fu will rack up enough medium level scores on waves that if you don’t get your three good waves in he’ll end up winning based on sheer quantity alone. Plus he’s got a bit of home turf advantage, if you believe in that sort of shit. Got it?”
Sherlock is oddly quiet the whole drive back after supper. I don’t press him. It’s not our way. But I watch him in the window all the same, keepin’ vigil. The way he holds his hands too still in his lap. The line of his jaw.
John takes his hand gently. “I know. It made me realize I needed to get back out there. I didn’t even know the round was still going on – thought it had timed out while I was under.”
John stops with his hand on the doorknob. He’s only seen those last four words in writing once before, the day he’d won his Biathlon class at the Para Alpine World Cup in Switzerland and officially qualified for the Paralympics. Greg had passed John a card across the table at their celebratory dinner with poorly-hidden tears in his eyes—a card which contained those four words from Greg, and then a brief note from Sherlock that John was somehow going to ski in the Olympics standing up on
Maxine’s face brightens, then falls, then settles on an awkward mix of nerves. Ron finally steps up closer to her and speaks over her shoulder.
Sherlock turns his head to capture John’s lips once more, and they both groan as their tongues brush, quiet trembling gasps mixing in with the sound of the steady, crashing waves. Sherlock lets his mind go blissfully still, utterly lost in the feeling of John’s skin against his, the gentle caress of his lips, the careful, reverent traces of his warm fingertips. The visceral, exploding relief.
I can still see it all like it’s playing right in front of my eyes, like my body done near vanished into the air and took me back up there to live it all again afresh. Except I’m not living it all fresh. I know exactly what will happen – up there on Baker Mountain.
Slow motion footage of Holmes and Watson sitting in the back of the helicopter. For a split-second, blink and you miss it, their shoulders touch.
Last summer you was here right after your high school graduation, as you well remember. (It hurt me more than anything I ever been through on this here earth to have to miss that, Little W. I wanted to see you walk across that stage more than I want the sun to rise each morning. And I know your momma tried to explain to you why I couldn’t come, why people couldn’t see and recognize me, but it seemed you didn’t forgive me. Maybe you thought I just didn’t want to go. I woulda cut off my arm to be there, darlin. Please believe me. Your granddaddy had to hold me that night for a long, long time.)
John fights down a wave of weariness and nods while rubbing his neck. “Yeah, these things never start on time,” he manages to mumble back.
There’s a softness there. Deep lines of care etched around John’s gentle mouth. Grey circles from sleepless nights under Greg’s eyes from staying up worrying about Sherlock’s training. The two of them look at each other, silently communicating whether Sherlock has taken care of himself enough to win Gold.
Relief floods her face. “Ah, thank you. There is a man here—a John Watson. He is on the approved visitors list. Would you like us to let him in?”
“Here,” he starts to whisper, seeming far too loud in the silence, as if his voice is still connected to a hidden microphone blaring to the crowd outside. “Take the sock here, get out all the air, and then you’ll—oh, Christ, you’ll need the—”
“Yes,” she whispers. She doesn’t ask him how he knew. John looks at her and nods, not bothering to mask the fear in his own eyes, and she clutches at a cross hanging down around her neck.
His eyes fixate back on John where he stands next to O’Brien near the starting line. To any one of the hundreds of spectators flocking to the beach to see this Final heat, John Watson looks entirely calm. He’s ready in his full wetsuit with his waxed board by his side and a wet towel around his neck, leaning forward to hang in a stretch between his open legs and calmly bobbing up and down like he has all the time in the world.
He needs to keep count, though. To track the number as it grows higher and higher and higher. Because watching the number grow to one thousand, or ten thousand, or one hundred thousand means that it had to have started at one, then two, then three. It means that it actually must have happened at some time, in some place. That it can’t all have just been a dream.
Finally he looks over my shoulder towards the sea. He swallows hard and sets his shoulders, as if he’s just made a decision. I can hear his breathing.
The pride in John’s chest snaps in half. Greg is here, standing right before him, and yet his worst fear is coming true. There are no kisses here, no embraces. They still stand twenty feet apart.
angle he wants to take on the fifth gate, and he needs to make sure the gear team cleans and preps Sherlock’s skis properly, without any errors, and that his uniform and bib number are all in order and sorted, and that they know exactly where to be tomorrow and when, and that Sherlock actually eats something, and he really needs to tighten up that ninth gate or he’ll never even make the top three tomorrow, and Sherlock only needs to make top ten but Greg can’t handle the outburst that would ensue if he got anything less than second, and the weather looks threatening, snarling clouds looming low across the sky, and—
But then he sees John’s face in his mind, the broken, shattered, desperate way he’d stood there naked and trembling in Sherlock’s home, right before rushing to his side to hold him together with his bare hands. And he knows he can’t lie to himself and say that he’s the only one affected. That he’s the only one who wanted John to stay.
And as John shakes his head again at the ground, gritting his teeth with a harsh grunt, Greg’s eyes grow wet, and delicate words pour from his lips.
“In my hands are the symbols of your love that you each will wear over your hearts, chosen by each other as the deepest symbol of your entity as sky or sea.” He reaches in and draws out the dog tags John had placed in there this morning, freshly engraved with Sherlock’s name across the back. Chris hands it to Sherlock, who reaches up with a shaking hand, and looks at John with a crumbling look on his face.
But I might regret it when I’m floating across the plains as a ghost after I die, so I’ll clarify it for you now. I’ll put it down in writing once and for all, for the civilizations and the aliens all to know:
A quick montage flashes by, accompanied by fast techno music: mechanics at work on the helicopters in the hangar; each of the employees arriving for work to don their red uniform jumpsuits; Dom and Sam drinking last gulps of tea before jogging out to the waiting helicopter over the blaring alarm; one of the dispatchers confirming a patient’s injuries over the phone; Patrick setting up the materials for a CPR scenario for the trainees.
Greg adjusts the shining, crinkling coach’s jacket around his shoulders, runs a hand fruitlessly through his hair, wonders if he should pop off to the bathroom to check his teeth one more time, if he should pull out his phone and review Sherlock’s last four years’ worth of stats even though he has every course time and date memorized in more detail than his own.
“I know you seemed pretty damn keen on spilling all your little secrets out to your precious friend the other night at the bar,” Sherlock bites back, feeling like a petulant high schooler.
John can hear the terror in Greg’s voice, the fear that he’s telling John something that makes him the biggest asshole on earth. Instead John’s never heard anything more beautiful in his life. Because he’s sitting out there, bobbing gently on the ocean, and he just heard the person he dreamt about for two long years say that he might have felt that way about him too. And all John feels is affection for his friend. Gratitude and calm and relief. And he wants to get back on a plane and jump into Sherlock’s arms and be held.
Sherlock does not have a plan, actually. Not at all. But one starts flashing through his mind as soon as he says the words, and a burst of triumph burns in his chest as the tired resignation on John’s face briefly gives way to curiosity.
John wants to keep fighting. “Well, you make me happy. You and Molly make me happy. No reason why I need to change anything.”
It’s nearly a month later now, and I’m watching Sherlock lay on his side on the floor with Elinor and Gwen next to him, pointing to a gigantic poster tacked to the ceiling of the animal kingdom and explaining, very scientifically, the most notable characteristics that separate the major animal species.
The clock echoes through the room. Greg holds his breath so he doesn’t have to hear his own breathing, harsh and raspy all by itself in the empty corner.
But now I calmly sit up and pull on my worn jeans and boots, taking my time so my muscles are awake.
The words coming from her mouth slot in slow motion into my useless brain, trying and failing to make sense. I lick my lips and stare at her, desperate to feel less stupid and old. “Wait, you said . . . ‘he’ finished the prototype.” My hands are shaking. “Who is ‘he’?”
But for now, all he can do is smirk, his hands prickling with excitement, as the sounds of more security guards start to break through the fog of their private world. He tucks John back in with deft fingers, then springs to his feet and yanks up John’s snowpants, flicking the zipper.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide and anxious, chest heaving, and John reaches out to grip his arm hard, trying to bring him back down to earth.
I listen to him breathe for a long while, and my body slowly melds into his. I can’t believe he’s there, that I can feel him warm and solid and breathing behind me.
Sherlock looks at him for a long moment before his eyes suddenly widen and clear. Greg wonders if his lie has been caught out, but the bright lights must be affecting Sherlock’s brain, too, because Sherlock glances around furtively before confidently declaring, “Oh, this is because it’s NBC.” He shakes his head and bites his lip like he’s frustrated at himself, which is ridiculous, because Sherlock Holmes didn’t
Well, actually, he doesn’t really tell me all that in so many words. But I can read between the lines. I know it’s what he means.
I used to tell myself I’d give anything to hear his voice one more time, now I’m screamin’ inside to hear the silence again. I need to be alone. To think. I stand up from the table and nearly hit my head on a cupboard.
Simon, also frowning: “They both knew we would go out and re-search again today. I am not sure . . .”
“John.” Sherlock’s hands move down to John’s bare thighs, running slow and firm up the length of the muscle, rustling against the hair of John’s legs in the water. Sherlock leans forward to rub his cheek against John’s stubble, humming deep and low in his chest. “Fuck, John.”
I look over at his hands clasped on top of the fence, at the old scars from holding his rodeo rope. “You sayin’ you wanna leave her the house? The land?” I ask, even though I know clear as day that ain’t what he means.
Because now I also realize that I look so pathetic, so unbearably weak and small, that this whole Home thought I should get an exemption. That I’m so useless they all thought “What could be the harm in letting poor old, Dr. Watson walk without a limp again in Time? He’s no longer dangerous. Just look at him. Give him a go.”
For a moment John revels in Sherlock lying heavy and soft beneath him, letting John work him, pulling soft moans from the back of his throat and running his lips over every inch of Sherlock’s face and neck. Sherlock’s fingertips cling firmly to the sensitive skin of John’s nape, anchoring him in his arms, and John moans at the rasp of the hair on Sherlock’s thighs against his own as they twist and tangle beneath the sheets, limbs moving heavy and slow.
Something else happened entirely. Something which I’ve never thought to put into writing before. In all honestly, would rather live in a hole or bury my face in the dirt than ever even think about in the light of day before, let alone write down.
Greg shakes his head, even as Sherlock catches the hints of a grin at the corners of his mouth. “We were just asking you if you ate any lunch?”
From a distance, we see the backs of Watson, Patrick, and Dom as they maneuver the body into the bag, four specks in the endless blanket of white snow. All we can hear is the whisper of the wind.
Greg pats Patrick hard on the back, seemingly thanking him for his co-pilot job. They laugh together over a shared joke as they both begin to remove their helmets and gloves.
hangs like a trembling secret in the air. John closes his eyes and thinks of holding a picture of a curly-haired little boy in his hands.
of Greg during the chaos at the finish threatens to overwhelm him, squeezing precious air from his tired lungs. And the fact that Sherlock Holmes had to text John
He raises his hands in a sweeping motion and does a ridiculous imitation of Watson’s voice: “You know, just being up in the clouds above the earth, like you’re flying like a little bird, and the world is your oyster, and your soul is at peace with the clouds. . .”
John breathes a raspy chuckle into his chest. It vibrates against his palms, the same way his skis always groan straight down into the marrow of his bones, molding themselves to the skeleton of his calves and feet.
“Did you see your family when you were there?” John asks, even though the tone of his voice sounds like he already knows the answer—the unbearably deep line between his brows.
Sherlock slumps down in his seat, every emotion known to man currently flooding through his system, absolutely overwhelming his skin until all he can feel is
Watson: “Hello, Freda, we’re just going to move away some of your snowpants so we can look at your leg, yeah? Can you point to where it hurts?”
They run out to the helicopter waiting for them on the helipad. Dominic sprints from another wing of the hangar to join them, paramedic bag in hand. The engine roars to life as Greg leaps into the pilot’s seat and fires up the engine. A cloud of snow blurs the air, and the thwack of the chopper blades echo.
for me there on the porch of his home with the brightest smile I’ve ever seen illuminating his face. “John!” he calls out.
John flicks open his eyes and smirks, a flush spreading quickly across chest. “Oh, so we’re allowed to talk about how you have a thing for men in uniform, then?”
Sherlock reaches down a long, bare arm to scoop his phone up off the floor, twiddling it in his fingers and almost dropping it onto his face. Surely, a sign that he is both mentally and physically compromised by the current situation.
Sherlock freezes, his fingers halting over John’s back even as he tries to keep a casually straight face. He tilts his head. “They might.”
He’s furious. It terrifies me. “You’re saying I should have Dispatched you the first second I saw you were a soldier?” he asks. “That I should have ripped all of this away from you because of a stupid rule?”
Years fall away. John is eighteen years old in a packed-up room at a ski lodge, forcing himself not to cry as he hugs Greg Lestrade goodbye for the last time, knowing he’ll never see him again, trying to burn the scent of his spearmint gum into his memory. John is twenty-four in a crowded barrack, sweating through his undershirt, his eyes glued to the screen as the rest of his unit celebrate their night off with cigarettes and poker, all of them ignoring the fact that the Olympics is on the tiny, grainy satellite telly in the corner; and John alone is watching the first and only man he ever kissed squat down in his skis at the top of a mountain in Turin, waiting for the buzzer. John is thirty-one, his heart stopping when he glimpses brown eyes on a magazine cover in a passing nurse’s hand, his face turning beat red when he later asks her to loan it to him; he’s falling asleep next to the dog-eared page, feeling absolutely pathetic, waking up in shame to the night-duty nurse carefully moving it aside. He’s thirty-three, looking up from his monoski and straight into Gregory Lestrade’s shocked face.
Sherlock presses one last kiss to John’s chest before sitting up, running his thumb along the soft skin underneath John’s eye.
But Sherlock steps off the podium, drops his plushie and flowers to the snow, and walks forward, a straight path leading directly from the podium to Greg Lestrade.
Sherlock begins to shake, exhausted muscles barely holding him together. “I’m sorry,” John thinks he hears, barely whispered into his ear.
I made up Corporal Johnson and his position on the committee (I also largely made up such an official committee), but there are a ton of veterans from all countries in the Paralympics, so it's not too far of a reach. It's also not totally realistic that he salutes John like that indoors, but, let's just say he was overly enthusiastic.
this life of standing around in cold places, didn’t he? He’d walked straight out of physical therapy after one particularly soul-crushing session and decided then and there to pick back up a bloody sport where the saying is practically ‘the colder the better.’ Saved up his disability checks for nearly a year just to buy a decent used monoski and adapted gear in the middle of mountain-less London.
But John had shaken his head, laughed once at himself, then handed Sherlock his mobile in the dark. “
John laughs. “You haven’t had coffee on a Navy ship. Makes that taste like something you’d drink in Paris.”
Sherlock opens his eyes again to catch the tail end of That Look between Greg and John—the look that makes him feel like they’re his put-upon parents at their absolute wits end, wondering whether to ignore him or publicly scold him or both.
Greg barely even registers the announcers marking off the lead skiers’ hits and misses, or the dings of successful shots. He keeps his eyes fixed on the final curve, waiting and
THANK YOU for all the lovely comments that have been left on this fic so far! You each deserve your own Olympics spotlight montages. I read them again and again when I need that extra boost.
And then the minutes pass, and the night grows darker, and there’s a hand on a thigh, gentle fingers through hair. And sometimes they talk about how terrified Greg was as a twenty-year-old kid right before his first Olympics. The first time John ever saw Afghanistan from a fighter jet. How Greg’s parents put him on skis before he could walk, and then accidentally taped over that footage with a fuzzy video Greg’s mom took a decade later of a huge bird she found in their front yard that she thought looked weird. How John accidentally called his first Group Captain ‘dad’ his second day at the base, and how he had to run thirty laps and then clean three other new recruits’ cockpits just to make up for it.
“I love you, Sherlock. So much.” John leaned closer against Sherlock until he could hear his heartbeat. He inhaled deeply, and fought hard to stay awake, but then Sherlock tensed underneath him, and pushed him away.
John looked up at him and smiled wide. Sherlock met his eye and smiled back. Silently, John stood up and walked up to him, holding the necklace out.
“Don’t look at me like that,” John said in a clipped tone. “I’m not something to pity. The crutch just slipped. It would have happened even if I just had a broken leg.”
John led Sherlock to his usual lab and indicated that he should sit down. He had texted Molly, who was now waiting by the counter, with supplies with her.
John grinned to himself and followed the man until he was behind him, brushing his nose against his shoulder affectionately. It was a foil of their characters—normally Sherlock was catlike, as shown moments before, but John had grown a liking to affectionate touches, and no one was complaining.
Sherlock’s pupils started to dilate and his breathing hitch. “If it were our first, hypothetically, what would my punishment be?”
John was sick again, and coughed up whatever contents his stomach had left into the sink. He closed his eyes tightly and swayed.
The door opened after a short while, and the prosthetist walked in, holding a prosthetic—John’s prosthetic. He felt nervous as the man came closer, and sat in the chair in front of him.
Sherlock stared at him with only a second’s worth of betrayal, and then relaxed, and dropped his expression.
He began walking up the steps, purposely stepping on the creak to give John a warning that he was coming. He reached the door and knocked softly. The heavy breathing only continued, but another sound formed. John was thumping against something to what? Get Sherlock’s attention?
Sherlock looked at him for nearly a minute, the tension increasing. Finally, he blinked heavily and nodded, albeit his shoulders were still tense.
His left leg was looser and with enough strength, John thought the debris wouldn’t have to be moved that much to free it. But his right leg was pinned; the debris was pushed hard against his skin and below the knee—again. John nearly rolled his eyes at the déjà-vu.
“I’m fine. It’s just a…” John trailed off and blinked heavily. The pain was suddenly getting to him, and he lost his strength and lay on his back. Sherlock shifted towards him, and looked over him.
“Sherlock!” John yelled as he slipped from his grasp, their hands grazing painfully slow before they lost its contact all together and then John was gone. The last thing Sherlock saw was the look of alarm in John’s eyes relaxing to a point of acceptance and assurance that he will be all right. His yells and attempts to escape were muffled but heard, and then suddenly it all went quiet.
Nearly ten minutes passed before Sherlock spoke again, and as he did, he handed John the file and began posting some of the papers up on the wall where, just that morning, had been covered in blown up apples.
Mary nodded but didn’t bother sitting down. “I interviewed Anthea with Mycroft, but predictably got nowhere. The evidence against her is small but incriminating. Do you want a look at it?”
John shook his head, but kept his aim steady at Moran. “No. You may have lied about many other things but you don’t lie about how you feel Sherlock. You never have. You always have to say how you feel so why are you taking it all back now?” John paused. “You don’t get to leave me, Sherlock, not again. I swear I’ll shoot Moran right now and it’ll all be over.”
Yet he was perfectly conscious. And then suddenly, calm all at once. The screaming in his mind became muffled and the chill of the river suddenly became nonexistent.
“Because Moran is playing a game with us. He and his sniper are out there, shooting at us, but not intending to kill us, yet. He just wants to tease with us, injure us until we’re either dead or too weak to fight back.”
With a grin on his face, Sherlock stepped forward, stretching out his hand. There was a loud crack above them, and the mast of their boat, with its opened sail, came falling down towards them.
Sherlock looked at him, relaxing his shoulders with defeat. “Fine, I’ll hold it, but leave the knife here. There’s no point in taking one.”
He was gone barely a minute before a middle-aged woman walked in, holding a small notebook and folder. She walked in and sat in John’s chair, already irritating Sherlock.
John cleared his throat. “Alright?” he sighed. His head was starting to hurt, and he knew he was about to fall asleep soon. He blinked heavily and urged himself to keep his gaze on Sherlock.
Sherlock pointed at a small box that was lying on its side, its contents spilling out. “The drugs, only a few but must be the ones he was going to give to his partner. It’s in a shoebox, so clearly not a shipping package.” Sherlock rounded onto Canterbury. “Who’s your partner? Is it Dashwood?
“If you continue at that I’ll never get me tea.” John murmured, but turned around anyway and met his lips with the detective’s. They kissed for several moments before the kettle whistled and they reluctantly broke apart, or rather John did, leaving Sherlock bemused and flushed. John giggled softly and continued making his tea.
“You better have an explanation for this. And expect a punch to the face when you come back.” John swore.
“He has a boat, and was working on it when he was attacked. It was the middle of the night, so no one would have seen anything from a glance. If you use the matter in your brains and ask the management, you can get a clean shot from the security camera from over there,” Sherlock said with a twinge of annoyance, although John caught a flicker of enjoyment in his eyes.
John’s heart rate slowly rose, but it was there nonetheless. Sherlock stilled and looked up. He rushed forwards and stood closer to John’s side.
“Fine then,” Sherlock leaned forward and placed his hands on the table, lacing them together. “I’ll tell you what I know and we’ll go from there.”
John sighed shakily and pressed his forehead against the cool window. A sudden urge infiltrated his mind—his chest tightened and his breathing grew strained. He could barely breath in this place—he needed out now!
“I…” Sherlock’s voice faltered, and he took a step back. He shifted his head but then paused, as if he wasn’t sure if he wanted to look at John or not. He sighed, aggravated, and focused intently on the coats by the door.
“Sherlock, answer me! You can’t just run off, not in your condition. We’ll figure this out, I promise you, and we are not giving up.
“We want to see if he can stand up,” Mandy explained. John lowered his head and shuddered. He was still wearing a hospital gown, and the lowered temperature was starting to get to him. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, and hunched his shoulders, suddenly feeling unexplainably ashamed.
Taking in a deep breath, he reached for the walker they kept in the bathroom, and brought it in front of him. He hesitated, and then ran his fingers down his leg. The faintest whisper of his fingertips tingled the hairs on his leg, and he inhaled sharply.
“No, Dr. Watson, you don’t have to. Scotland Yard can handle it. If there is anything you need, anything at all, you can call me.” She stepped forward and hugged him; John leaned into it slightly, and then pulled away.
Sherlock smirked and leaned back, continuing. “The money makes you feel guilty. So answer me this, what kind of drugs are you selling that does horrible things that it’ll make a crack dealer feel guilty, hm?”
The second time John woke up, he was surrounded by darkness still, but that was easily explained when he flickered his eyes to the window, the blinds now closed. In front of the window, sitting in a chair with his head lolling over his shoulder, was Sherlock. He was fast asleep, and as John fell back into…whatever, he produced a thought, the act itself feeling as if he hadn’t done so in ages.
“What do you think?” Sherlock called over his shoulder, and then opened the entrance. He sneaked in, and she closely followed, closing the gate behind her. They continued all the way down until they came to a platform.
The footsteps grew farther and farther; Sherlock recalled on the moments leading up to this. He hadn’t counted on Moran using just claims as an emotional weapon. It was childish and only what a fool would do. Sherlock was sure John didn’t have any doubts, but when it appeared Moran wasn’t going to stop, Sherlock was left with nothing to do but admit the lies. He hoped John would back away and let whatever happens happen, but he hadn’t been counting on John’s persistence in his feelings for the detective. He just wouldn’t accept the possibility of it all.
Sherlock nodded and turned around. John was wearing his green button up, tucked into his jeans with a brown belt that matched his shoes. He was freshly shaven and smelled—
Realization dawned over Sherlock and he tensed. “I—I saw you, in an alleyway, months ago, talking to someone that wasn’t there—.”
“I moved out.” John said without looking at the detective. Sherlock waited a full ten seconds before responding.
“It could have be worse,” Sherlock pointed out softly. John looked up and nodded stiffly. He inhaled shakily and leaned against the pillow, trembling slightly from the cool air.
“You can’t have known all of that in one look. They haven’t had autopsies yet—,” Anderson started to say.
The view was truly spectacular. There weren’t any trees, so no shade, but the sky was nearly cloudless, and on the verge of a sunset. The sun shined down, providing a warm ray amidst the cool air. John pulled out a thick blanket and stretched it out over the plants.
A door opened from the other end, one they hadn’t checked yet, and a man resembling Liev Kingston walked in. The young man’s eyes widened, and without a second thought, he turned on his heal and fled. Sherlock chased after him, John right behind him with his gun.
John leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s with the barest hint of pressure. He pulled away, feeling lightheaded, but grinned slightly. Sherlock grinned back, and continued to hold John in his arms. Niether of them needed to say anything. They had the rest of their lives for talking. This was enough for now.
“Open the damn doors!” John yelled to the woman. She stood up quickly and stepped away, calling down the hall for help. John rushed to the desk and began pushing things out of the way, searching for the keys.
Sherlock straightened up, raising his hands onto the plastic as if willing them to move. “John. John, look at me.”
John looked back up at the detective, a faint sliver of recognition forming in his eyes, but then he went still.
“Mary and I got married before I left for the army; it was a heat of the moment kind of thing. After a couple of years, I came back home for a two-week leave to find her in bed with who was then my friend and our classmate from med school, David. I took off my ring and left it there and never saw it again. We are unofficially separated; I just assumed she would have divorce papers waiting for me when I came back, or at least I would file them. But then—.” John paused, his voice cracking just a bit, but he kept his gaze steady.
A worried look flashed in Sherlock’s eyes, and John squeezed his hand. “It’s okay, just wake me up if you start to worry. Though not too often.”
Sherlock blocked out the bickering couple and focused on the facts he had known up to this point. There had been and still was no sign of a ring on John’s left ring finger—no tan line, not even a faded one. John had been on dates over the past few months, even after
“John what do you—oh.” Sherlock realized what he meant and closed his mouth. He met John’s gaze, who was looking at him with unease.
John grinned slightly and took a piece of fruit, swallowing away his guilt. He was relieved he hadn’t been caught; otherwise they wouldn’t leave him alone for days, and Dr. Bailey would probably think he was unconsciously suicidal for taking a walk by himself.
Sherlock didn’t even want to be here, no matter what he said to John’s face. The visiting log was clear enough: Sherlock had stopped visiting. It could have been a case; it could be because Sherlock had lost hope that John would wake up, or, it could be because John didn’t have a purpose for Sherlock anymore in that state; John wasn’t completely sure, but he was more certain that he didn’t
John’s hands went for Sherlock’s shirt and roughly began unbuttoning it. The moment skin was revealed; he trailed his hands all over, feeling the smooth sculpture-like build of the detective. Sherlock pressed John back closer to the wall, still trailing his hands along John’s bare torso. A soft moan escaped his throat, sending a shiver down John’s spine. He pushed him back slightly and placed a hand just above Sherlock’s belt and paused. Breaking their lips but still close enough to feel each other’s breath, John spoke.
was new. Sherlock had never confessed his impression of Mary before. Before she and John married, Sherlock seemed to befriend her. He was never rude about her, especially before her identity had been revealed.
Sherlock scoffed. “It’s the concussion, John, not Alzheimer’s. He rounded onto Willoughby. “Why are we here, anyway?”
Sherlock stood up and helped John into a standing position. John leaned heavily against the wall, his breathing still ragged. His forehead was shiny with sweat, and his legs trembled beneath him. Sherlock stepped forward and rested his forehead against John’s. John’s was noticeably warmer than his, and the sweat was cool. Sherlock wiped his forehead and then kissed him gently on the lips.
John scoffed. “So that’s the only reason I should get one? So I could follow you around. Is that all I am to you?” John
He should have known. He was in a closed space; no one was there. The door hadn’t opened. He should have known who was behind him. Yet despite the knowing, John couldn’t help the hope buried deep in his mind that the door had opened and he just hadn’t heard it.
John fiddled with the alabaster blanket over Sherlock’s lap, and watched Rosie fiddle with her little bee.
“I’m Dr. Bailey. Now, this is just protocol, and I understand you haven’t relearned how to speak yet…”
Sherlock nodded. “You have her number?” John nodded. “Ask for the name and address. Florence was drugged by her medication last time, and once we get the drawing, I think my theory will work out.”
John stared at him and softened his face. He hadn’t given Sherlock’s guilt much thought in a while. He still had been having nightmares, and knew Sherlock didn’t know the context of, but Sherlock had never said anything about them yet.
John’s eyes were closed as he lay lifelessly in Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock laid him gently down as he yelled for help.
“Oh my…” Mary breathed. Sherlock and John stared at the space in the floor. A larger bomb rested there, a timer on its side timed for five minutes.
Footsteps echoed across the floor and came to abrupt halt. John turned around just as Sven lunged towards him. Already weakened by Moran, John barely managed to put up a fight. Sven remained silent, but a mere sense of hatred was in his eyes; John suspected now that Sven’s boss was dead he sought revenge for himself.
John groaned. His back and legs hurt and he felt a pang of nausea. They had made it to the door, and Sherlock wanted to head to the nurse’s station just in front of them, but John only felt the dizziness worsen as he saw how far it was.
John exhaled utter relief and settled back against the bed. He shifted his hand out from under Sherlock and took the detective’s hand. He squeezed gently, not enough to wake him right away, and waited.
Sherlock groaned inwardly and opened his eyes. He first looked at his brother, then at John, who was looking at him with surprise, which quickly distorted to something like embarrassment. John looked away and ran his hand through his hair. He cleared his throat and shifted his feet awkwardly.
John inhaled slowly and nodded, as he comprehended what Sherlock said. He offered him a small smile, but it was strained. If Sherlock noticed—he probably did—he didn’t pry.
He settled down, urging himself to sleep, when he heard footsteps in the hallway. The door creaked open and the shadow of John emerged. He stayed still for several seconds before leaving, and as Sherlock fell asleep, he realized he could still hear John’s breathing from the hallway.
“Harry,” He began slowly. “I have a…low chance of surviving at all. Surgery’s risking. It’s complicated.”
“Spoke to soon,” John grinned. “Go get dress,” he said as he stood back up and went downstairs. He opened the front door and was greeted by Lucy Ellis, the daughter of George and Florence from the misdiagnosis case—that was what John was referring to it as, since it wasn’t Alzheimer’s, which was a relief on it’s own.
Sherlock furrowed his brows and kept staring. John sighed inwardly and began to lie back down. “If there’s a mark on my neck, I’ll be happy to give you one, then whole of Scotland Yard will be staring.”
“I’ll do everything I can to prove it to you,” he murmured. Sherlock held him tighter, wishing he had the will to believe him completely.
Sherlock gave him a curt nod and then for the first time since they’d reunited, he purposely looked away.
Sherlock gave Mycroft a look, who nodded. “So John is innocent. How? The pictures seem real enough. Kim, do you have the recordings from his statement.”
John looked directly in Sherlock’s eyes, and nodded stiffly. Sherlock hands were holding John’s forearms, and John was holding Sherlock’s. He leaned forward, and Sherlock pulled him gently. Slowly, he slid off the edge of the bed, and felt the floor with his feet. He shivered; despite wearing pajama pants and socks, the floor was cold. He was momentarily relieved the catheter was removed. John held onto Sherlock tightly as he swayed, experiencing a slight episode of vertigo.
John managed to grab a taxi outside of his downgraded flat despite the early morning rush hour. Seated in the back and trying to clear his head, John settled in, recovering still from the rough morning. The cab took a different route without John noticing and suddenly he found himself stuck in traffic, in front of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock looked at him, his face wiped off of any hint as to what the answer is, but John instantly knew what that expression was: Sherlock was thinking of what to tell him.
He slowly looked away from John and up at the ceiling. He then turned onto his side, pulling his legs to do the same, and directed his gaze to the couch, his back facing John.
John shuffled his feet. “It's meant for athletes, the wheels are slanted and made for faster speed and it's easier to brake, and very light too, so I could carry it up the stairs.”
“You have a case, Sherlock,” John started. Sherlock turned to him, furrowed his eyebrows slightly before relaxing his face. John tensed; Sherlock’s face was unemotional, and the way he looked at John was like the way he had looked at him when they first met—although it seemed colder now.
“Blonde.” It wasn’t a question but Kim nodded. Sherlock paced around the room between Kim and John, noting John’s shuffle of feet in confusion.
John was mesmerized by the attention, when Sherlock trailed his hand down John’s leg to hold him still. He had done it many times, every time actually, whenever he went down on John. But he hadn’t done so in the past month. John stilled slightly, allowing Sherlock to move his legs accordingly, but then his hand cupped the back of John’s right knee.
John sat back on his knees as he began to stroke Sherlock’s leg with his left hand. He then pressed his hands together, warming the lube before leaning forward, and pressing a kiss on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, which resulted in a raspy moan from the detective.
He inhaled and eyed his brother, lowering his voice. “If I were to…not come back from this,” he said with hesitation, “don’t tell him that I had survived the fall. Dying once in front of him was enough, hearing about my actual death would break him, that I’m sure of.”
“I don’t just know. I saw. The way you hold yourself and your haircut says military. Your face is tanned and there’s a tan line not passing your wrists, so you weren’t sunbathing but you were abroad. Your limp was only partly psychosomatic; back in the pub, you didn’t sit down right away, preparing for an immediate turndown, so you remained standing, almost like you’d forgotten about it, suggests the wound was traumatic. So tanned and wounded in action, then Afghanistan or Iraq, it’s hard to tell.
“We’ll consider that.” Sherlock stood and put his coat back on. He regarded the doctor for a moment, and then stretched out his hand. They shook hands quickly, and then John followed.
Sherlock glared down upon her with a look of disgust. His phone rang in his pocket but he ignored it. “You should have changed your perfume. It’s very telling.” Sherlock said, his voice booming with loathing.
Sherlock walked away and began reading the file; Mycroft offered a strained smile to John, and then left. John turned to Sherlock, raising an eyebrow quizzically.
“Last time I was supposed to but then you—him—Sherlock, —he, he came back for me, and…brought me back to life. But now…you’re here to what…tell me that I’m going to die? Again? Great. Perfect. Like I didn’t already fucking know!” He yelled, his tone harshly mordacious.
Liev looked down. “All I know is that it’s used to get information. It makes the user weak very quickly. Some of the complications were weakened immune system, the people they tried on died in a few days from simple virus—the flu, things like that. There’s a bunch of other symptoms, but it varied…”
“No, on my own.” Sherlock twisted out of John’s grip and fled down the stairs. John grabbed his coat and chased after him, but by the time he made it outside, a cab was speeding off.
Blinking his eyes haggardly, John groaned as his eyes wandered to Sherlock’s figure. His eyes focused more and more as seconds ticked by and soon enough he lifted a hand, despite his arm and joints feeling heavy, and tugged the mask off from his mouth.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
Fletcher swung the very sharp machete at the closest part of John’s body that he could reach—his leg. John shut his eyes tightly as Fletcher swung fast, and then John gasped sharply when he heard metal hit metal. He looked up at Fletcher with an amused grin, and nearly laughed out loud at Fletcher’s confused expression. Sherlock appeared from behind him with a large oar in his hand, and he whacked Fletcher in the head, hard.
The hospital staff checked for any serious injuries, and then observed his back. After a while of waiting, an orthopedic doctor entered the room.
“Disabled,” John said firmly. “Why would you—why, why me?” His breathing had increased, and he started to walk towards Sherlock.
“That could be a likely motive. I need to find how she was ingesting the drug first, and which one it is.”
John nodded, unable to find the words. They leaned forward together and kissed each other, already picking up a pace. John leaned back until he rested his head on a pillow. Sherlock scooted up until he was lying over John’s body and was still face to face with him. Their kisses deepened and became more drawn out. John ran his hands along Sherlock’s hips, while Sherlock caressed John’s lower back and side. John moved his hands along Sherlock’s back, and then rolled to the side, flipping them. Sherlock squirmed underneath him and then parted his legs, expanding room for John to fit in perfectly.
Her voice remained calm. “It can act like a sedative, and make him a lot more drowsy then he would like to be. It was a call we made. Hopefully, he won’t have another seizure, and can be taken off the medication after a while. I’ll run it by the doctor, and then we’ll give some to him.”
Sherlock looked at John with such admiration and pity all at once, John cursed in his mind. The detective was showing too much emotion, even John’s memory couldn’t make that up.
He was taller than John but shorter than Sherlock, with blond hair, the streetlights emphasizing his facial features.
As he rinsed his body, he cleared his throat and called out to Sherlock. “What do you want to do for dinner?”
“He practically kidnapped me after you left that first crime scene. I told you, at the restaurant, but I’m not surprised you didn’t hear it. He said you don’t do relationships, I take it sentiment is included.”
John grunted with pain and nearly lost his footing. Sherlock stood straight yet tense, glaring at Moran.
John opened his mouth but he suddenly coughed. He arched his back against the flat bed, and grimaced at the pain. Sherlock quickly filled up a cup of water, and set it down before standing and rising over John.
John stayed awake for a few more hours while Sherlock slept beside him. The doctor visited and updated John on his prognosis; his fever was finally gone after a couple of days in the hospital, in which John had ice packs placed over his body in order to do so. They had given him antibiotics for the infection, and through it all John slept. The medical staff shared information about Sherlock, stating he didn’t sleep at all until John’s fever finally broke, in which he nearly collapsed in relief. As they left the room for John to comprehend it all, he felt immensely guilty of how stubborn he had been through all of this. It all seemed like a blur. He wished he realized it sooner, when he was conscious and clearheaded. But, it was over now, it seemed. The infection was being treated, and for the first time in several, several days, John could think, and reflect on what the two of them went through.
John sat up and looked around in the dark. Sherlock was beside him, staring at him with a wild look on his face.
Silken had smiled wide, but then the police had entered the building, and before Silken could go to the window, he was surrounded, Lestrade coming up behind him and handcuffing him.
He quickened his pace and stopped in front of them, quickly glancing at John, who appeared as normal as he could be.
“You know who I’m talking about. And I’ve kept surveillance on her since the Moriarty’s fake return. She clearly has an alibi when John was shot.”
He walked down the hall, but came to a sudden halt, when he saw a group of nurses rushing into John’s room. Sherlock continued walking and quickly picked up his pace. He made it to the doorway and came to another halt. There was a nurse near John’s head, squeezing oxygen through a tube in his mouth. She was shouting orders to Vanessa, who was on the side, and Victor was standing tall by his side, pressing his palms on John’s chest.
As they moved with every jolt and bump the ambulance went through, John breathed for Sherlock. John compressed. John closed his eyes and repeated his actions.
“Let’s just stand for a bit, John,” Sherlock suggested. John hummed roughly and tried to focus. Mandy stood beside them, her arms at the ready in case John lost his stance. John tried to ignore her, and focused on Sherlock.
Dr. Bailey grinned, like usual. “Good. Now, we’ve talked about your recovery time. How do you think it’s going now?”
“It appears you two need to sort things out,” Sherlock snapped harshly as he hurriedly walked into his bedroom, ignoring John’s hurt expression.
Mycroft sighed; almost in a sympathetic way but it was hard to tell over the phone. “He has a brain tumor. It’s in a tricky area and his chances are pretty much 50/50.”
“Oh, apologies. Well…just keep it. If he ever wants to date, this will be useful.” Dmitri muttered goodbye to John, then left. John entered the sitting room, carrying two cups of tea.
Sherlock’s stomach dropped, his face flushing and his voice becoming less stable without his permission. The only word he could form was, “Watson?”
He turned on the kettle, prepared his tea, and sat heavily into his chair, setting his cup beside him. It turned cold a few minutes later, forgotten about. John hung his head and cupped his face, breathing slowly. His eyes prickled and he quickly inhaled sharply and wiped his face. He shivered, so he stood up and prepared a fire. It was freezing tonight, and Sherlock only had his coat; he had forgotten his scarf.
“It wasn’t a stranger, your father knew him. We’ll go over any coworkers and keep you updated.” Sherlock looked at Lestrade, who cleared his throat.
John squirmed on top of him and then leaned away, holding himself upright with his palms and directing his gaze to Sherlock’s hips.
The pair moved simultaneously into the hallway, Sherlock taking lead. He didn’t stop until John’s back was against the wall, his hands having drifted to the doctor’s hips. John pressed forward as much as he could to be closer to the other man, and settled his hands around his lower back, in an attempt to bring him closer. They kissed passionately and when John leaned away for a breath of air, Sherlock trailed his soft lips to John’s neck, pausing sporadically to suck and kiss and leave his mark. Sherlock slowly lowered himself as he traveled down John’s body, making his way past his collarbone to his chest, pressing kisses through the fabric.
Sherlock reached for a fork with one hand and the daily paper with the other. He raised it up to cover his face, and then said, “I think you should catch up on some sleep. I’ll be fine for a few hours.”
John scoffed and turned back towards Sherlock. He wanted to scream at him to wake up, he wanted to cry, thinking maybe that will catch Sherlock’s attention, or something. He wanted his noise back, his presence, and him sleeping like this, like he was perfectly alive was making this entire situation seem like a bad dream, or a joke. John found he couldn’t quite breathe, so he turned on his heal and left the room without another word.
John inhaled and stepped closer. Sherlock instinctively stepped back. If John noticed, he didn’t react.
“I’ve, er, cleaned it up whenever I couldn’t sleep. It passed the time,” John said as he wheeled Sherlock to some of the pots. The windows had been filthy, and were now clean enough to look through and see the world outside.
“It’s v-fib. Someone get the defibrillators!” Sherlock yelled as he paused with his compressions. He looked around him; nobody moved.
“Well he’d believe anything. That hallucination of his could be quite convincing I heard. Besides, once I’m through with you, no matter if I did break your friend, what makes you think he won’t come after me to avenge your death?”
“That’s not uncommon. People—the patient and their partners—can take months to except the diagnosis. I’m afraid in Ellis’ case; it was quite obvious early on-set Alzheimer’s. Her family has had a history with it.”
Sherlock’s head appeared in his sight, and John inhaled deeply, attempting to calm himself down. He slowly remembered what had happened, and that he had surgery for internal bleeding, not for a head injury. He looked at Sherlock, who was looking at the blanket, his own eyes unfocused. John felt a pang of embarrassment when he realized what Sherlock was saying.
“You need to try, John. Don’t count on me; I can’t handle it. The guilt is eating me alive—” Sherlock’s voice shook, but his eyes remained hard. “And for God’s sake, shower! It’s been three days!”
“No, I mean it. Moran wouldn’t let you in to question Stan, so you’d have to do it while he’s away.”
“You know what’s real. Just look, you’ll see.” Another voice answered but it sounded millenniums away.
She nodded again. “I haven’t seen him in years, but his face was quite distinct, although he may have changed is his looks since then.”
After countless patients, John’s lunch break arrived. He decided to eat alone in his office whilst he finished some paperwork. A sense of fulfillment—a heartwarming wave of inner peace—washed over him in a matter of a minute, and immediately he knew he wasn’t alone. Pursing his lips, John went back to his paperwork, his eyes focused but inert.
Sherlock grinned slightly. “Indeed. Thank you for…” he trailed off, and glanced at John before meeting Jack’s eye. “Everything.”
John tensed slightly; unsure what to imagine what Sherlock was going through during the past three months.
They were close, closer than Sherlock realized. John was tilting his head up just a bit to be able to meet the taller man’s eyes. Sherlock’s throat suddenly felt tight, and he couldn’t form a word.
The doctor let out a startled gasp. Now that was odd. Previous hallucinations were merely illusions, memories from the mind fragmented into present day and wrapped into reality to fool the mind. They had been blurred with uncertainly, and gone before another moment past. They had never, ever spoke before. That is, until now.
The heart line beeped once, and then was flat again, but Sherlock didn’t notice. He let out a sob and clutched at John, burying his face into the space between his shoulder and neck.
John smiled. To remember their wedding anniversary was one thing, but this…this was simply amazing. He stood on his toes and kissed Sherlock deeply, placing his hands on his waist. Sherlock leaned forward into the kiss, diving deeper and wrapping his arms around John’s lower back. John could feel the metal piece against his own chest, and warm affection doused in his veins.
“That’s good,” John insisted. He sighed with relief and offered a small smile. “I can’t wait to be back at home.”
—.” A choked sob escaped Sherlock’s throat but he clamped his hand over his mouth to keep himself from wailing. He still couldn’t find himself the exception to cry in front of his brother.
John opened his eyes and glared at the three of them. Tears started falling down his face as his face became furious.
“Are you absolutely sure?” Sherlock’s baritone voice echoed against the walls of the morgue as he walked in to see Mycroft looking at a body on a slab.
John suddenly felt anger surge in his veins, and he gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut. “I don’t
“The diamond from you’re wedding ring also points to you. It came apart somehow easily and was left behind. It may not point to you but I’m sure John would recognize the cut.”
“So that’s it, then?” John bristled. “Florence Ellis was drugged, but we can’t prove it because the medication is gone.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I knew it was coming. You had been tossing and turning for a while before you awoke.”
By the time John and Sherlock finally made it to the dock, the sun was setting and Maurice Fletcher was clearly in the distance, sailing away on an out-of-place, forty-foot sailboat, seemingly unaware of their presence close behind.
John stiffly collected himself, and then limped heavily to his bed, completely worn out and a lot to process. His gaze spotted the union jack pillow, and his heart panged at the piece from home. It was a warm feeling, something John hadn’t felt in a while. He pulled the covers over his body and turned away, his back to the outside window.
Hunt nodded then brought his attention back to the blogger. Just as the nurse began leading Sherlock out, his blogger whimpered and shifted in the bed. Sherlock rushed towards his side, the staff allowing him without a word of protest.
“Listen, John, I understand if you would want to attempt at something more but I consider myself married to my work and I don’t do relationships of any kind apart from
“I know. But this is something for the both of us.” Sherlock looked into John’s eyes. John smiled, and kissed his cheek.
Sherlock rounded onto him, staring at him with a slight pleading look in his eyes.  “I led us to that building. I saw the evidence that it could collapse. But I wanted to catch the criminal—
Sherlock nodded, and then placed his hand on the small of John’s back and ushered him into the conference room where he had set up all his information.
Mycroft nodded. “That’s what I thought. But the evidence is very clear of whom it’s suggesting, and it’s all very strong.”
“Um, excuse me lads,” Lestrade interrupted. “Congratulations to the both of you, but I just got a call of a murder in an apartment complex. Locked doors and windows, I’d say it could be a wedding present.”
The hallucination of Sherlock evaporated, and John let out a piercing shriek, tears suddenly crashing down his cheeks.
John slowly relaxed and loosened his grip. He sat up against his elbows and looked at Sherlock with heated affection.
John felt Victor place an oxygen mask over his mouth and secure it, and then he lowered his bed slightly. John’s vision blurred and he couldn’t tell what Victor was murmuring. The next thing he saw was Sherlock’s head look down on him from the other side.
“You fainted,” Sherlock blurted out. John looked at him and sighed quietly. He didn’t respond, and waited for Sherlock to continue.
Swiftly John stood up and nudged himself into Sherlock’s arms. The detective settled his arms around John’s waist and back. They stayed intertwined for several seconds.
John gasped and his vision came into sudden focus. He looked up at Sherlock, who was looking down at him with a tremendous amount of concern. He inhaled shakily, and slowly started to feel enough oxygen enter his body. Sherlock’s hand was on his back and rubbing it in soothing circles. John focused on the feel of his lover’s hand against his bare back, and breathed in slowly. His other senses slowly came back to his awareness, and he continued to calm down.
Sherlock stepped out of the bus and looked back. “Send me the footage. Once I’ve located the exact structure that holds John, I’ll let you know.”
Quicker than John thought, Sherlock came striding out the door, empty handed. “Stupid imbeciles…” He muttered.
John walked past the door before he could eavesdrop further, ashamed at himself for feeling put out when Sherlock didn’t include his last name.
John shook his head. “It seemed like it at first, but he was following orders from someone else. When he was in the room, someone else had this mask on, so maybe they have more than one.”
Suddenly, pain shot through John’s head, thundering and throbbing like a storm, waves crashing sharply. He clenched his jaw tightly and squeezed his eyes; his hands shot up to his head. He let out a whimper as he fell to his knees.
“Finally!” Sherlock exclaimed and reached for the box of his favorite teabags and immediately ripped it open. His tea had been recalled several months ago, and he had to go back to his usual, which apparently wasn’t up to his standards anymore.
Sherlock helped turn John on his side, and then held him still as he placed the towel on the bed. He placed another one against John’s pillow, and then helped John back in place. He removed the blankets and then reached for John’s gown and untied it. Sherlock removed it, and pulled it just down to his hips.
As per usual, John ran after Sherlock. He heard the shot first, and then he flinched. He saw Sherlock in front of him come to halt and spun around—and, thinking Sherlock had been shot, he immediately blamed himself for not being quick enough. But as his left shoulder jerked backwards from the force, and he was overcome by radiating pain as his brain processed the current hole in his body, John thought,
He had planned to pretend to work on an experiment to look like he was busy when John came up. That way he could look intent at something, and still dance, or as much as he could. What the attention would no doubt go to, was the tight purple shirt and tight black trousers, just slightly too tight over his backside. He was sure John would stop in his tracks, eye his dancing, then come swooping in and kiss him. Sherlock had never been more confident. However, Sherlock had underestimated his music choice…
Recalling on that day sent a shiver down John’s spine and he bit his lip, suddenly feeling his eyes fill. A year ago, he would never have guess they would be in this situation it was almost unbelievable.
The detective remained silent, his gaze glancing down the rest of the hallway ahead of them, and then to the ground. “Sherlock, look at me.” John asserted.
Moran shot him, and then pulled off his mask. It wasn’t John. Sherlock inhaled deeply, attempting to calm his unease.
He barely processed anything as John cleaned them off, and helped him into bed. As Sherlock was drifting asleep, his energy completely gone, he snuggled against John, wrapping his arm around his middle.
“Let’s give him some privacy,” Victor offered. He looked at John kindly. “We’ll just get some lunch—.”
But about a minute later, the phone rang again. John huffed and turned over towards Sherlock, and then shuffled closer until he was pressing his nose against Sherlock’s neck.
John flipped the calendar hanging in the corner of Sherlock’s hospital room to the month of February. He wasn’t alone; Rosie was sitting on the bed, playing with her bee and another stuffed animal, a butterfly. She made incoherent noises, sometimes sounding like she was offended or bored, which John thought she had picked up from Sherlock those few times he had babysat, but otherwise the sounds were meaningless. John turned his back to her and looked out the window. The scene was just starting to burst with early springtime, drenched in heavy rainfall. Flower petals imprinted the sidewalks, and heavily watered grass brightened against the gloomy skies.
John closed the door and proceeded in gathering his things. Without a glance back, he left the hallucination, who was still standing with a tense expression across his face. On his way home, wasn’t long after when he caught sight of Sherlock resting against a wall in an alley.
“Amazing,” John uttered under his breath. It never failed to get Sherlock’s attention; Sherlock glanced at him with a slight blush rising on his cheeks, but he quickly stilled his face and looked at Lestrade.
“That went well. It was several months ago, and she dealt with it quite impressively. It wasn’t what we thought, that is, until now. The symptoms are back, and they are happening quicker. They only appeared a month ago, when before it was over a few months. The doctors think it’s really Alzheimer’s this time, but I don’t think it is. I read my dad’s journals, and the symptoms are the same, they are just occurring more often.”
The monitor started beeping quietly, and Margaret appeared in the doorway. She walked to the barrier and then put her hand through the hole of the plastic barrier; she pressed her gloved fingers to John’s throat and checked his pulse.
He looked at John with a slight accusing expression. John shrugged and leaned further against the pillow, fatigue kicking in again. He inhaled deeply, but then winced, finding it harder to breath again. Sherlock and Victor straightened up and towered over him. John found it suffocating, so he lifted his right hand to the handle hanging above of him. He managed to grasp it and pull, but then gentle hands were pressing down on his shoulders.
John rocked Rosie in his arm, trying to calm himself down. He murmured and cooed but couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s hand. He stood like that for several moments, before glancing up at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock was clean-shaven, and had gotten the ventilator taken out last week—which was a promising sign. He was breathing on his own, but not waking up. John blamed himself, and didn’t bother trying to redeem himself either. He didn’t want to ask for forgiveness for the way he treated Sherlock before all this; he would if it guaranteed Sherlock to wake up and never want to see him again—having Sherlock alive and aware was anything John could want, even if he wasn’t in his life ever again.
John stilled at the sound of his voice. He carefully stood up and closed the blinds, then turned on the bedside table lamp and looked at Sherlock.
A thunderous sound infiltrated Mycroft’s ears, and suddenly the entire room shook violently. Screams and yells emerged from the main room, and were muffled by something crashing. Mycroft tried to get a word out as he exited the room, when suddenly, parts of the ceiling above him broke apart and fell, leaving Mary was left on the other line with a dial tone.
Sherlock looked at Lestrade, who reluctantly nodded. “We’ll have to have their permission, otherwise we’d need a warrant. But it could help narrow down the suspects.”
Sherlock huffed with laughter, and then restarted the shower. John watched him until he was in, and then started to leave, before pausing by the door.
“You were shot,” Sherlock said flatly. John flinched, pulling tightly at the suture, causing Sherlock to flinch as well.
Walking up the seventeen steps was tough, but John finally made it up to their flat. He was exhausted. Brain surgery could do that to a person. He slumped inside and froze. It was in the same condition he left it: skull on the mantel, armchairs by the fireplace, kitchen full of experiments—well it was clean now, he would have to thank Mrs. Hudson for that. John made his way to his chair and settled down, suppressing a yawn. He needed sleep. But he also needed to have a serious talk with Sherlock. He was still upset about the whole thing. Thrilled to have him back but still furious. Back at the hospital, they hadn’t had much time in discussing the real seriousness of the whole situation due to John’s limited consciousness before sleep and exhaustion took over.  It was happening again yet John couldn’t suppress his anticipation for his life going back to how it used to be, or at least, he hoped it would without any severe change.
John stood up and walked up to him. Sherlock remained sitting, and raised his chin to meet his gaze. John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock quickly, closed-lip, and chaste. He pulled away and avoided Sherlock’s gaze, but Sherlock reached for his wrist and held him still.
“Apparently, one of his networks, or actually, one person in particular got under our radar and reorganized a group, the Grimms Kartell.”
“I just thought I’d see you here. I can take Rosie off your hands for you. You seeme like you need some sleep.”
“None of this would have happened if we weren’t together!” Sherlock snapped. Victor flinched and hardened his face.
Sherlock laughed. “You can’t shoot me in here, there’s only one way in. And everyone outside will here the shot.”
I'll take a few liberties for this fic and not be completely medically accurate for a coma patient. If you want that kind of angst, read Wait and he will be gone on my works page  :)
“It’s just hard getting used to…” John mumbled, his arousal faltering. Awkwardly, he sat up and leaned against the headboard, and Sherlock sat back on his knees, increasing the space between them. His eyebrows started to furrow, but it looked like he was having trouble with what to feel, and what to show.
Sherlock traced his finger up John’s cheek and then caressed it. John’s eyes fluttered slightly and he leaned into the touch. Sherlock cupped his cheek and then leaned forward. He pressed his lips chastely against the crown of John’s head, and then leaned back. John glanced at his face, noticing the flickering emotions and furrowed brows.
John let out a choked gasp and urged himself to focus on something else. Sherlock was sleeping beside him, yet he was stirring and seemed to be waking up.
“All right—all right.” He mumbled. John slumped against the wall, trying to gain focus of his surroundings.
Sherlock shrugged and headed to his violin. If John wanted to pretend everything was okay now, then he had no problem going along with him. It was going to be simple.
Moran stepped forward and shot the man. He fell forward dead. Sherlock began to take a step back when Moran stopped him.
“You solved it,” John whispered hoarsely. Sherlock stared into the oceanic storm before he let out a laugh and nodded.
“I asked Dr. Dmitri, yesterday. I didn’t know it was possible in your condition…” John trailed off. He leaned forward until he was close enough to Sherlock but not touching him. Sherlock swallowed tightly and looked up and down his face.
A loud clatter snapped Sherlock awake; his eyes squinted against the morning sun streaming onto his face. A mutter of cursing followed the crash. Sherlock glanced at the empty spot next to him and instantly knew it was John making the commotion.
John felt his heart sink and he sagged his shoulders. He loosened his grip on the crutches and balanced in a relaxed stance, and stood still. He swallowed tightly and frowned as he looked around the room again.
At least Sherlock had the decency to cuff his right hand rather than his left, in case he did need to shoot someone. John tugged against the handcuffs for a good five minutes—or at least that’s how long it felt—but they didn’t budge. It was worth a try though. The desk chair was apparently too heavy to drag with him, realizing this after several attempts of arranging it in order to get it through the door.
It was morning when a yell interrupted Sherlock as he was reading the morning paper, followed by a muffled sob. Soon enough, John emerged in the hall, heading towards the bathroom and deliberately keeping his head down. Sherlock wasn’t close to his violin, and he didn’t think that would make a difference now that John was awake and up.
“Moriarty’s body has been taken care of. I’m sending teams across the continent to locate his network. You will be placed in a safe house after you recover; the public thinks you’re dead so hopefully no one will find out.”
Tears slowly fell down his cheeks, and he quickly wiped them away. He didn’t cry loudly, or sob, or even whimper. John let the tears fall quietly, and then he lay down on his side. His back shook as he cried a little more, and he fell asleep with his cheeks wet and unknowingly with Sherlock sitting in the hall with his back to the door.
Sherlock nodded and then entered the room. Without a word, he closed the door and then sat down, relaxing his body and leaning against the chair idly.
“O’Brian died on the operating table. A bullet shot through his back and out his chest. It was a lost cause. The detail the report failed to note was that it was shot from the direction of your team. Unless there were enemies on all sides, the report didn’t state that either. But the original report has been lost, so a replica was made, failing to be consistent.”
“I’m sorry, I was going to call, but…” John trailed off, and then nodded to the kitchen. “Can we have a word?”
“Okay.” John left him to it, and hung around as he usually did. Sometimes he would look into the case, except this was still early and primarily depending on advanced chemistry, which was not his forte.
Finally, after about a minute of violent shaking, John relaxed to a halt. His eyes moved beneath his lids but he remained unresponsive to the medical staff. One peeked his eyes opened and flashed a light across his eyes. Sherlock could see they reacted, which was a good sign.
Suddenly, the lights in the carriage flickered on, and the bomb in the center of the room gleamed, the timer starting its countdown. John stared at his watch. “It’s only 4:53.”
“Sherlock.” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “It’ll make everything easier. You won’t have to sit behind that plastic wall, and it’ll only be—.” He took a breath, and winced. “It’ll only be until the antibiotic is ready. Only a couple of days, right?”
“Yes, well I was hoping to have a few guests over.” John briefly looked at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes. “But we’ll see.”
It took longer than it should have for Sherlock to process the words, but then murmured please and kept his gaze looking through the microscope. John stared at him for a second longer, a quizzical look appearing on his face, before he turned around and prepared two cups. Sherlock pretended to focus intently on the mold.
Sherlock looked behind his shoulder and found John looking at him keenly. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
John’s breathing pitched, as he immediately knew what that meant. He was a doctor for God’s sake. Of course he knew that he was in isolation, but what he didn’t know was why.
“Leave,” John choked. If Sherlock left now, at least it would be because John told him too, even though John wasn’t entirely sure he
“Please don’t die.” He said sternly. “I love you Sherlock. I love you and we’re—.” His voice trembled, a lump growing in his throat. “We’re supposed to be together. I can’t live without you, I tried remember, please don’t die Sherlock.” He began to ramble, pressing his hands back onto Sherlock’s wounds.
“Donovan and other officers found where the gunman was; just across the street, up on the top balcony. They found the shell casings but no sign of him yet.” Lestrade informed him.
The detective pulled John over the railing. The blogger crumbled to the floor, the strain of it all was too much. His breathing grew suddenly heavy and desperate.
Mycroft shrugged. “Scouting the place? Ensuring his new contacts and waiting for the right moment? It doesn’t matter now, he has been sighted which suggests he’s ready to come out of hiding and perhaps…lure your attention to him.”
John laughed again. Sherlock carried him into the bathroom, and John carefully arranged himself out of his arms and stood on the ground, holding onto Sherlock’s arm for balance.
But he was still in shock. He couldn’t move. He didn’t pay attention to his breathing; in fact he subconsciously thought he wouldn’t give a damn if he stopped breathing at all.
“John…touch me.” Sherlock said with such demanding tone that before John could stop his own body’s yearning, his hand shot up and grasped the detective’s.
John’s bloody head shimmered in the moonlight; a faint red stain was trailed in the water behind them, no doubt mostly John’s. The detective was in too much shock to pay attention to any of his own wounds, but he knew once the shock wore off, they’d strike him in an instant.
John furrowed his brows and looked from Canterbury to Sherlock. Something caught his eye on the floor, and he took a step closer. It was an empty hypodermic needle. John turned back to Sherlock, only to find him going out front and meeting Lestrade and the fellow officers.
John tried to focus on the tea making, but the other two men’s voices became louder, and then stopped altogether. John turned around to see Sherlock and Lestrade standing in the entryway, between the kitchen and sitting room. Sherlock was looking at him closely, not even bothering in hiding his deducing stare. John squirmed and lowered his gaze.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock sighed. John hugged him tighter and rested his cheek against the top of Sherlock’s head.
John turned to Sherlock, tensing up slightly. The look on Sherlock’s face caught him off guard, however the tension immediately dissolved.
“Just go!” John snapped hoarsely. He trembled—Sherlock clenched his jaw. John looked horrid; his skin was pale and his eyes were unfocused. He was still sitting upright and clutching at his arm. Sherlock took a step forward.
“Yes you do. But you were separated from birth; your parents moved to separate countries. You went with your father and she stayed with your mother. That is, until she tracked your father down, discovered you in the process, but refrained from contacting, until your father recruited her for his dirty work. He tried to have you do it but you weren’t the most intelligent. She excelled in computer science and engineering, immediately hired in a government position, transferred multiple times oversees, and even disguised herself so no one world confuse the two of you, in case you crossed paths. You never did until now.”
Sherlock sighed and leaned closer. He wrapped his arm around John’s midriff, and rested his face against John’s shoulder.
“I don’t know what to say,” Sherlock said above a whisper. “I don’t do relationships—haven’t—and that includes friendships—everything else is just association. But what we have had—this arrangement (John cringed at that word)—has been…” The words proved to be hard to come to the detective, so John kindly suggested one.
It was gone before John could think about it further. The Sherlock-figure in front of him began to fade, and John’s panic only grew. His thoughts roared in his mind but he couldn’t speak them out. He couldn’t move or reach out. He desperately wanted to shudder some kind of release but his chest tightened and his mind throbbed painfully.
Sherlock raised his hand and held John’s arm gently, squeezing it as if to assure his lover that he is okay. “I hear you.” John leaned back, shifting his weight onto his uninjured leg. He raised a hand to the visibly skin and delicately grazed the reddening bruise overlaying the detective’s chest. He began to shake, his breathing hitching and becoming shallow. He couldn’t keep himself upright, and crumpled to the floor onto his knees. He leaned forward, resting his head in Sherlock’s lap, clutching the detective wherever he could as the shuddering increased. All Sherlock could do was hold his lover tight and rub soothing circles in his back. And so he did.
Sherlock finally looked at him and a weak grin tugged at the corners of his mouth. John grinned back; it was more of a sad grin, a glisten in his eyes sparkled and looked like single stars that trailed in the night sky above them. Sherlock’s weak grin fell and he gulped uneasily. It was John who finally broke the silence.
Sherlock stayed by the door, eyeing John but remaining silent. A sudden thought occurred to John and he sighed with defeat. Sherlock stepped closer to John, but out of arms reach.
Sherlock internally groaned furiously, anger clawing in his muscles, desperate to act. But he knew he couldn’t. Moran may be unconscious or dead (he didn’t know with his eyes closed) but Sven was kept in the loop, and if he saw Sherlock make any attempts to reveal himself to John, John’s life would be at greater risk. And Sherlock couldn’t do that. He’d fake his death if that meant John would be safe—especially if Sherlock would be reunited with his blogger afterwards, but that was a gratifying addition—more than gratifying, but not the priority. John’s life was, and if that meant Sherlock had to keep still and play “dead”, then so be it.
Sherlock shuddered anxiously. When John had been brought in from the ambulance, he was anything but quiet. Sherlock
“It can’t be too warm,” Sherlock explained, but it wasn’t clear if John heard him. John leaned back against the foot of the tub and closed his. Sherlock shook John’s shoulders gently, causing him to reopen his eyes.
Sherlock shifted slightly so he could lower his head and look down to met John’s eye. “Nothing in particular. I find myself…” he paused, which suggested he was about to get emotional, which John knew was rare in moments yet he relished in the sparse times Sherlock chose to confide with him.
“Okay…” Mary continued mumbling obscure possibilities, but Sherlock was conflicted now. He was becoming less and less convinced that John was not involved in this, and the footage looked more like him than the security images. Sherlock closed his eyes recalled the past few months, yet nothing still seemed unordinary. He repeated the scene at the bonfire—John was clearly agitated, but he was persuasive, and wouldn’t stop trying, as if…as if he wanted Sherlock to notice something but stayed away from him at the same time.
It took John a full ten seconds to realize what Sherlock was talking about, and then he groaned. “Very funny, Sherlock. Now I’m going to go back to sleep. Wake me once you realize that’s not a joke.”
John carried him all the way upstairs, where he set him down in his chair and wheeled him to the bathroom. He silently cleaned him up, wiping away the little blood from his cheeks and arms. Once he finished, it was dark out, and Sherlock made no indication he wanted to eat.
“Come on, Mr. Watson. It’s took cold out for a walk,” she said, her Irish accent strong despite her gentle wording.
“Morning,” he said. His voice was almost normal, except entirely forced, Sherlock doubt John knew he was getting away with this façade; Sherlock played along anyway, for John’s benefit.
“And I’d never doubt you. I did have some in the past day, but I don’t think I would have ever believed it in the long run.”
“One of mine. He’s not an innocent,” Moran claimed. He walked around and stood behind the remaining four. “So what about the one with the striped jumper?”
But by the evening, John was caught off guard by stomach cramps and a rising fever. He was lying in his bed, curling in on himself, unaware of people talking around him, trying to move him.
Sherlock looked around, thinking of a way to get across. He gently laid John down and went to fetch his coat, which was discarded closer to the cabin.
“He may not respond for a while. We won’t know how severe his brain injury is until we run some tests.”
They exited the room and closed the door before taking off their masks and facing Sherlock. Margaret appeared beside Sherlock and helped him to his feet.
“Stay awake,” John demanded in a quick, slightly loud, tone. Without removing his gaze, he reached for the call button and pressed it. Sherlock watched his movements, but his blinks grew heavier.
John and Sherlock looked at each other, both of them silently realizing the other’s meaning and intention, and slowly smiled in sync. John took another step forward, when a gunshot rang through the air.
The room filled with silence as Sherlock’s sobs came to a shuddering end. What seemed like eternity, the medical staff hovered around the two; Mycroft remained in the doorway, all eyes focused on the detective and his blogger.
Sherlock kicked him in the shins and knocked him down. He reached for his gun and knocked the man out. Yells echoed from one end, and Sherlock scrambled up.
Sherlock breathed in heavily, and it sounded groggy and almost like he breathed through his mouth rather than his nose. John scooted closer, keeping his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
A panic sweat infiltrated the room; Sherlock called out to the doctor who had been hovering close by and immediately entered.
“He did.” Sherlock’s voice was now becoming irritated, but John knew it wasn’t directly at him, but at himself, even though it sounded like it was.
John’s eyes remained staring and for a moment Sherlock believed he would stand down. But fury rose deep in John’s blue eyes and the next moment Sherlock found himself on the ground with John on top of him.
Sporadically, the nurses had him practice sitting up in bed, shortening his awareness by half. By the end of the first full day since waking up, he managed to sit up for thirty minutes. John started to feel optimistic, and lied back down with a small grin.
John gasped as Sherlock wrapped his mouth around the tip of John’s cock, his hand shooting to clutch at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock began swirling his tongue around his cock, tasting John. As John’s whimpers began growing more frantic, Sherlock placed his tongue at the base of John’s cock, licking upwards in one swift motion. As he placed his right hand underneath John’s balls, cradling them, he placed his left hand on John’s thigh, slightly stroking it. And in one swift motion, Sherlock swallowed down on John’s cock, resulting in a hefty groan from the man. Sherlock sucked, licking his tongue upwards until his reddened lips were at the tip.
Victor exhaled and took another step back, nodding. “I’m not surprised. You don’t always think before you act. Never had.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock insisted. “It was my fault. Seems all I do is get you hurt.” He laughed weakly, but it didn’t lighten the mood at all. John clenched his jaw and lowered his head.
The pain came to an eerie halt; there still was the ghost of pain, but it became more and more like a numb than anything else.
Sherlock didn’t speak for another hour, as he waited for the tests to return and was going through the computer for whatever information he could find that John couldn’t. With a quick “John, come look at this” John was behind Sherlock, looking over his shoulder at a news article dating back two years ago.
John leaned against the tub, lounging comfortably in the warm water. Sherlock settled in and leaned gently against him, avoiding both of their sore injuries, which were healing quite nicely. John had been discharged from the hospital yesterday morning, and immediately went to bed when they arrived back at the flat. He hadn’t had a proper wash in ages, and was finally feeling up to it this late morning.
“Maybe not one you’ve met. But your father has two daughters. He has blonde hair, naturally. But blue eyes. A quite prominent nose too, I’d say.”
“Greg has a case. There was a murder by the Thames. Should take only an hour or so,” Sherlock mumbled with a hint of excitement. John grinned and nodded.
John shrugged, and then he laughed. “Well, Kingston does sound like Queen—a name of royalty or something.”
John only blinked a couple of times and then Sherlock was standing in front of him, grasping his shoulders tightly. His mouth was moving by John couldn’t understand him. John’s eyes flickered over Sherlock’s shoulder and vaguely comprehended the appearance of Lestrade. He glanced back at Sherlock, his vision blurring. The sounds around him were mere echoes, unfathomable apart from the urgent tone. John tried to focus—he really did—but then his vision blackened completely and he could feel himself fall into Sherlock’s arm.
“Everything I do, Sherlock, everything I’ve done has been for you. In the past week, it’s been for us. I don’t want you to go through this by yourself, and I don’t want you to think that this is temporary. I don’t talk about my feelings out loud often, but if you need me to say how I feel about you every day, then I will. I will tell you until you believe me, and I’ll show you. If it takes me a lifetime, than so be it. I nearly lost you, and this is my second chance, so I’m not wasting it.”
John closed his eyes for a moment and clenched his jaw. “I don’t need a reminder,” he said in a low, scratchy voice. He removed his hand from Sherlock and took the controller back. Sherlock didn’t protest. John looked up for a second, catching a glimpse of pity on Sherlock’s face. He quickly looked away, and then slowly began to relax as the morphine numbed the pain.
“I need to test everything that Ellis consumed. Everything—specifically their food and medicine. He was right in his journals, his wife did not have Alzheimer’s.”
“The elevator one doesn’t show anything; there aren’t any in the stairwells.” Sally reported. “There aren’t any figure prints on the railing; we’re looking at the bullet shells now. It’s likely though he may be a professional.”
Sherlock caressed his cheek once more, and then stepped forward. He parted his legs and sat in John’s lap, placing his legs over the chair to the other side and pressing his chest against John’s. Sherlock settled in John’s lap and wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and the outside noise began a mere murmur. He blocked the rest out and focused.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
So only one option remained: sex. He could have a wank, but sex was honestly quicker. For him to get himself off, he’d have to think on something specifically and he really wasn’t in the mood to do that. He could think about John, but that was dangerously crossing the imaginary (and almost completely pointless) line. Might as well have someone else do it for him. He won’t even remember their name.
John managed to eat the yogurt and drink the juice, before he was feeling full. He pushed the table aside, and then sighed.
“Whoever is with Jack is wearing a mask. My guess is Stan, since his stance and posture match the one from the train under Sumatra Road. Why Jack was associating with Stan could be for any reason, but I’m certain of one, which I’ll get to in a moment.”
He reached for the one of the crutches and attached it above his elbow. He reached for the other one and did the same, and then steadied them on the floor.
Sherlock blinked and turned his head to look at John. John was halfway in standing up, and looking at him with uncertain.
Sherlock looked up at John, and found him smiling at the detective. His face wasn’t as paler, and he looked a lot healthier.
John drank his tea and fell into a light doze, and then he had fifteen minutes before his appointment. He had hoped for a shower that morning, but it had slipped his mind until now, so he mentally noted to take one later, and then he left.
His eyes were more open, and he looked over the plastic wall in between him and his detective. His eyes started to glisten, and his lip trembled. He sniffed, and looked towards the ground, furrowing his brows.
John glared at Sherlock lightly, but dismissed the insensitivity this time. He wasn’t sure how to feel, that Sherlock hadn’t let him in on the case, or the fact that they were now being targeted in some way, acknowledged about their involvement and John’s similarity with the other victims.
It took him a little longer than usual to get up the stairs (which shouldn’t have surprised him so much), and by the time he made it in the sitting room John was out of breath. He shakily hopped to his armchair and sat down with a tired sigh. Sherlock strutted around the rooms, putting their things away, John’s medicine in the bathroom, placing the wheelchair by the door, and then continued pacing empty handed. John let out another tired sigh and looked up at him.
A gentle hold grasped John by the right ankle, bringing him back into focus. He felt the click release the pin, and his leg loosened in his prosthetic. The hand left his skin and disappeared. John wiggled his leg from the prosthetic, but couldn’t quite free it. Quickly, the water rose over his mouth and he sputtered. John could feel himself start to panic, but he tried to focus and refrain from doing so.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, as if he was on the verge of rolling his eyes. He shed his coat off and flung it out of reach. “I’m unarmed, not wired, and now cold. You have the upper hand here.”
The pair moved simultaneously backwards, Sherlock’s ankles hitting the foot of the stairs. The sudden impact brought the detective back to reality, and he broke the kiss sloppily, already moving his lips as he pulled away.
Abruptly, John stilled. Unreasonable fear lingered down Sherlock’s spine as he pulled back and looked at John, his heart pounding in his ears. John’s eyes were unfocused as his arms slowly dropped from Sherlock’s torso to his sides.
“John, what is going on,” Sherlock asked, his manner finally back to normal, apart from his knowledge of the year.
“I’m still hurt that you didn’t tell me about Moran, or about anything else, like the graveyard and the drugs…but it’s done now and I hope you trust me enough to share what you’re thinking and planning on doing…” John began, this time his face expressing a tone of wariness.
Mary gasped. John inhaled sharply but remained standing in the corner. Sherlock’s eyes widened and lifted another cushion up. He looked up to John and Mary.
John sighed and nodded confidently. “We won’t be able to do much, I know that. I’m not fully up to anything…extraneous. But this…I’m more than ok. I n-need this.”
Unfortunately, their morning was interrupted by John’s phone, ringing on the bedside table. Sighing, John sat up, and while straddling Sherlock’s hips, reached forward and answered it. It was Doctor Shepherd.
“It’s just the lack of cases, John,” Sherlock claimed, looking from the two of them and stepping back for a wider look. “Or you lot, who can’t notice I make a mistake until a month later!” He turned to John. “I need a case,” he turned to Lestrade. “Anything. This one is wrapped up—again—and will be for sure once you locate Dashwood. I can’t do anything because I don’t have a photograph, so my homeless network is limited. They’ll keep an ear out, have been for a month, but haven’t gotten a whisper. He’s probably out of the country by now, if he was smart.”
“Now I just need to get her to talk,” Jon conversed. “How’d you suppose I do that? I talk to her, Mrs. Hudson and Molly do too, but she just mumbles. Maybe she’s just stubborn, like you apparently, when it comes to waking up—,”
“It’s fine.” John interrupted before Sherlock continued to ramble. Sherlock looked up, flickers of hope glistening in his eyes before they hardened just enough to hide it.
However, doubt still lingered. Sherlock had looked and sounded so convincing; the coldness in his eyes had been fresh and so comparable to the ones he had seen directed to others, primarily imbeciles, according to Sherlock, who had been wasting his time, and to Moriarty—especially Moriarty. John just hoped it was a kind of look he could switch on and off, and not a natural occurring one.
“Possibly, though who I—.” Sherlock stopped speaking, his eyes widening. He narrowed them and without another word, turned around and headed back down to the street.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and a strangled gasp escaped his throat. He stared up into the face of John, concern and utter worry blanketing his face. Like a tidal wave, Sherlock took in his surroundings: sweat clung to his face, neck, back, and chest, his fists were clenching the duvet that had been tossed and twisted away so it was down to his hips. John’s hands were gently pressed on the detective’s shoulders. Noises and sounds entered his brain and Sherlock realized John was speaking.
John cringed at the reminder. He didn’t really want to talk; his head hurt like hell and he just wanted to sleep. But John knew there wouldn’t be a moment like now, to say the things that needed to be discussed. Might as well get it over with.
Sherlock nipped his collarbone, causing a light gasp from John. He licked the tender area before pulling back a fraction. “All right, but first…” He stepped back and looked at John, his eyes blazing. “Take your pants off.”
“I regret it,” Victor assured. “Most of our time together, we were high. His brother isn’t fond of me, and nearly took matters into his own hands, which I’m sure you can imagine.”
“He doesn’t need to know why I jumped. He knows it has to do with Moriarty. Everything else won’t make a difference.”
Keeping his eyes fixed on the table; Sherlock shifted an obvious inch away from John, back to a space of purely platonic. His hand traveled to his coat but only lay there awkwardly.
John’s back was tensed, looking out the window. Sherlock mumbled something, which only caused John to snap.
There are scenes from The Reichenbach Fall, but the dialogue has been changed a bit. Remember, this was just a prologue for the main fic, Watson's Anatomy.
“You’re nowhere near done with whatever it is you have planned. Don’t let ordinariness scare you away,” Sherlock shot back coldly.
Lestrade’s eyes flickered to John. Sherlock turned to him, and then glared. “You know I need a case—.”
John screamed out in pain. Mary gasped and was pushed aside as a few staff members rushed in and surrounded John. John couldn’t move his shoulder and assumed he must have dislocated it. He started to move more in the jacket, but didn’t get a chance to release the sleeves completely as a nurse stuck a needle through his neck. Blackness swarmed his vision and then completely.
Sherlock tensed and started to pull away, but John tightened his hold on Sherlock’s shirt and wouldn’t let him go any further.
A thought sparked in Sherlock’s head and he broke the kiss gently, without breaking any distance in between them.
John remained silent for a few minutes before leaned back slightly in order to see the detective’s face. “So the case is over.”
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
After a moment of embrace, Sherlock nudged John away and without another word, the detective walked away; his blogger’s head still down, looking upon the grass as the last couple of tears fell together to the ground.
“Really?” John stepped forward, but then stopped. His voice was more stable but slow, as if he was thinking carefully what to say. “Because you seem distant.”
And then, he remembered. His eyes widened as the nightmare and all its details flooded John’s memory with distorted scenes and paralyzing pain. He gasped and hurried out the room, already shouting as loud as he could.
Rows of explosives were taped to the top of the tunnel, going down the way they came and leading further into the tunnel.
“Come on,” Sherlock whispered. He led John into the bathroom, and set him down on the chair that was in the shower stall. John silently allowed him to remove his sodden pajamas, shirt, and socks. He instinctively brought his hands up to cover his chest, and Sherlock didn’t mention it, not even with a flicker of his eyes. John glanced down at his chest, and then looked away, remembering the scars that were also there.
Sherlock stared at him, and then lowered his gaze. He fiddled with the razor and then retreated to the bathroom, putting the supplies away. He came back, not meeting Johns’ eyes.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and composed himself. He straightened up and then headed to the conference room. Upon entering, Kim came up to him, her brows knitted with concern.
“This is just your temporary one,” the doctor said. “As you know, you’ll go through more than one before you get your definitive prosthetic.”
John had felt it—of course he had. But his body seemed like it didn’t know what to do. He could only watch Sherlock’s eyes widen as they found the red spot seeping through John’s jumper into his hand that was lying over it, the spot where his medical knowledge told him was just below his heart.
A few hours later, John trudged up the seventeen steps and walked into the sitting room. Sherlock couldn’t tell if he was grim or just plain tired.
Sherlock stared at John. The room was silent for several seconds. John’s heart throbbed loudly in his ears, and he couldn’t move. Neither could Sherlock; he was staring at John, unblinking and unmoving, John briefly thought he wasn’t breathing.
I have a second fanfiction currently in progress, and it will be a 2 part series. I'm looking forward to that so keep your eyes opened; it will be posted around June/July.
John shook his head. “Not at all. Just want some tea, and I think I’ll rest a bit. I’m not really hungry.”
Sherlock flinched slightly by his outburst, but he still remained in his spot and attempted to reach for John. John scooted away, and contemplated whether to leave the room. He could sleep on the couch—
“Ms. Ellis,” he greeted kindly. John beamed at him and took a seat at the table and turned to face Lucy. Sherlock sat beside him, and waited.
A sudden ring interrupted the eeriness of the room; Sherlock pulled out his phone and read the recent text.
Whatever was shared between them was whispered and whether or not it was a threat by the British Government, Sherlock didn’t know. He didn’t care. After Mycroft leaned away, the doctor’s face fell with a realization and faced an ultimatum. He looked up to Sherlock and then calmly spoke to the nurse.
“I…I didn’t think you would wake up. Victor had told me to prepare myself, and I just couldn’t take it anymore.”
“I hid John on my way up here. This is one of Moran’s men, and I took him hostage. Moran thought it was John too.”
John stared at Sherlock, and looked passed him. Sherlock didn’t look behind him, but whatever—or whomever John saw—was enough to mask John’s face with near perfect impassiveness. It mirrored his own expression, and he cringed, suddenly feeling uneasy—probably what many people felt when he looked at them that way. However he rarely looked at John like that, and whenever he did it was just a defense mechanism, nothing to be taken as a personal attitude towards John. But this expression coming from John, well, it was unnerving, and definitely didn’t belong on the doctor’s usually kind face.
The two had barely spoken a word to each other, apart from “pass the milk”, or any other variation of that. Sometimes they had informed the other of their daily plan and where they were going, but it didn’t last. All John knew was that Sherlock had a case. Lestrade had called him two days after their “break” had started. John had asked Sherlock if he wanted him to tag along, but Sherlock had seemed reluctant, so John dropped it. He had his appointments anyway.
John’s eyes widened, despite the fact that he knew it was the greater probability. “No—no—s-surgery—.”
John nodded honestly. “Good. Everything…is good.” He smiled wide at Sherlock, and his eyes glistened slightly. Sherlock softened his face, and took John’s hand in his. He squeezed it gently, and smiled.
Sven backed away; Moran muttered an order and he left. Moran hovered by, and without a word, he left him as well, making his way to the main cabin. John peered out the corner of his eye and witnessed a satisfying grin lying on the bastard’s face.
“You were expecting me to return.” Sherlock sated as he continued to pry more out of the foolish man.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice was strained and quiet, and he slowly raised his hands to his head as he stepped closer until he was nearly leaning over the railing.
Sherlock sighed as if he was bored. “100, 93, 86, 79, 73, 66, 60, 54—I mean,” Sherlock paused, furrowed his brows, and was silent for a few seconds. “100…93, 86, 79, 72… 65, 58, 51, 44, 37, 30, 23, 16, 9, 2, negative 5, negative 12—.”
“Doesn’t mean I don’t want it now.” John grinned, and Sherlock smiled back. He reached for the lube on the bedside table and applied a generous amount to his fingers. John spread his legs and lifted his hips as Sherlock slowly encircled his entrance before pushing one finger slowly in.
Sherlock weakly stumbled into the room only to stop dead in his tracks of the sight of John. His John. He hadn’t seen him since the graveyard about a month ago. He looked awful then. This time, he looked much worse—sickening even. He was elevated only slightly, enough to lay back and relax, not quite to sit up. Where the surgeon had cut into his brain, only part of his hair had been shaved however it was barely noticeable due to the light bandage. An oxygen tube ran under his nose, and his face was pale, splotchy in color, a slight green tinge was there and the skin around his eyes were darker with exhaustion clearly not just from the operation.
At the office of Mycroft Holmes’ someone casually walking by would be taken aback like they had seen a ghost, only to see that it is truly his younger brother sitting in front of him and not a ghost at all.
“Sherlock?” John gently shook Sherlock’s shoulders but he didn’t reopen his eyes, or make another sound.
“So you’re together now?” Lestrade remarked. Sherlock opened his mouth for a retort but the man’s next response interrupted him. “About time.”
John clenched his jaw and decided right then to sleep. He was tired, and didn’t care if he had a nightmare. He just wanted to forget about the morning. As he fell asleep, he hoped Sherlock would be home soon, and would wake him up. He didn’t want to be alone when he woke up.
John creased his eyebrows. “For what—?” He exhaled against Sherlock’s lips, but was interrupted by a click and then felt his wrist tightened to—.
“It’s not important,” Sherlock said as he started pressing kisses down John’s neck. He lazily started trailing his lips down his jaw and heading towards his chest, when his phone rang again, and then John pushed him away slightly, grinning.
John and Sherlock slowly awoke the next day well into the morning. John opened his eyes first, and considered going back to sleep at the slight of Sherlock still sleeping beside him, but his consideration was cut short when Sherlock opened his own eyes.
"Why would he do that? Isn't it simple brain surgery, surely his chances aren’t considered to be low enough to convince him to sign
John grinned softly and then stepped back, his gaze hardening. “Seriously though, it was like…I was drowning. After the war I came back and had nothing and then I met you, and then you left and,” He exhaled deeply, as if a weight had been tremendously lifted from his shoulders in just admitting what he was about to say.
John inhaled again and stretched a foot out off the edge, when suddenly a gust of wind blew against him, and his left hand slipped off the window frame. John gasped and quickly reached upwards, grasping it back tightly, his knees bent as he tried to regain his balance.
“You can’t just refuse help, and then ask for it a second later, because help isn’t going to be constant, John,” Sherlock snapped angrily. John continued to furrow his brows, and his body began to tremble from standing up. Sherlock ran his hand through his curls, blinking several times, as if he too was surprised by his outburst. John sensed this was about something else, but he decided not to pry.
John stiffly stood up and leaned against a crutch as he looked in the mirror. His face was slightly pinker, but it could easily be explained by the steam of the shower.
It had been a relief when John had turned out to be so much better than he could have ever imagined, and had proved it on numerous occasions. Sherlock not only realized he cared about John, but that he didn’t mind that he had succumbed to sentiment. In fact, he couldn’t imagine not caring now.
John’s face in the screen was identical; is hands the same size in proportion. His hair styled the same; his clothes were his, his shoes, even his gait was—
“Surgery is always a risk. However, because of your current symptoms, seizures and hallucinations, over time it is very likely that they will worsen. I am available this week, if you were to chose surgery, the sooner the better.”
Sherlock scowled. “That was a liver of a rare genetic disease. It took me ages to finally come across it.”
Sherlock nodded slowly. “I never read his tales. Never saw the appeal, since it’s in Old English, what’s the point…”
Halfway into the room, Sherlock stopped in his tracks. John furrowed his brows, and clenched his fists to ease his nerves.
John crouched down and moved to the door, wincing against the stiff movement it had on his bruised body. He opened it silently and, still crouching, headed out until he was outside and in earshot. There was a pillar on either side, and was easy to hide behind without being seen. John could either peer around the pillar, or he could look in front of him in a glass door and watch from there. He did both, maintaining his hiding spot, and watching from behind Sherlock. From the moment he came outside, it appeared that Moran and Sherlock had already begun a conversation.
John cried out, finally hearing his own voice coming from his throat, reassuring him that he was in fact, still alive. The night sky glistened above him in between rooftops, and Sherlock was looking down on him.
“Unfortunately for you Sherlock, that is out of my hands. CTU, or Counter-Terrorist Unit of the States have intervened, as Stan in a wanted man by the U.S. They’re trained in this Sherlock, and are willing to work with you and MI6. Go and get dress. I’ll wait in the car.”
Sherlock clenched his jaw. “I do but…” He pushed John off of him and sat up. John scooted backwards, expanding the space between them, which Sherlock immediately missed.
“I knew this would happen eventually,” Victor said. “I’d be lying if I said that I didn’t get my hopes up. I just thought you would have moved on, after all this time. And yet…” Victor paused, and shook his head. “I understand, Sherlock. Even if you don’t seem like the kind of person who would pine for very long.”
Mycroft handed Sherlock the folder. “John’s identified with Bradley Stan, an ex-American intelligence agent currently wanted for treason, terrorism, and murder. They’re photographed together on numerous occasions.”
