In his left, a shiny coin, held so tight in his fist it leaves perfect little pink indents in his palm.
Jack beams, oblivious. “These birthday traditions are fun.”
Dean watches Cas, and wonders if he should pretend not to. But he guesses they've kinda put their cards on the table now, and it's not like Cas doesn't stare at him constantly. So he lets it happen, lets himself get a little hypnotised by the crease of concern on Cas' forehead when Jack fidgets, by the repetitive motions of his hand in the kid's hair. Cas is gonna wind up with bedhead and pillow creases on his face if he keeps lying like he is, but he doesn't seem to care, and now that Dean's imagined it he kinda wants to see it.
“What for?”
at death's door."
the way the words fill him up, and just
He said it. He said it and it’s out there and it
Dean collects himself, and clears his throat. “Well, uh- it was kinda short, kinda out of the blue. I didn’t really get a good earful.”
“Is it what
, just… quiet, for a little while. Should’ve figured it would never last.
"Cas?"
“Did Mary have a pleasing singing voice?”
He’s forty-two, he has a life, and he doesn’t have to live it for anyone but himself.
“No. I helped make the stars, saw their birth, saw the colours they painted across the void for thousands, millions of years. Colours and shapes and patterns no human could observe or even perceive. And they had names, of a sort. We had to refer to them somehow, had sounds and gestures we associated with particular celestial bodies, but it was a a matter of practicality.”
“Yes. It’s easy enough to look past the pollution.” He trails off a second. “Sometimes. Sometimes it’s… a little more difficult.”
“I can always see them.”
Dean gulps, nods. "Too many."
he rasps. “I love you, too."
Rolling his eyes, Dean pulls Jack’s tiny hand away from his face and wraps it in his palm. “Okay, okay, point taken.” He gives the kid a serious stare. “You better not take his side every time, man- you’re the tie break vote, you gotta be unbiased.”
him, Cas. I blamed him for you being gone and I took it out on him and- look, my dad was a selfish, obsessed bastard, okay, but he
“I wish-”
“Always out of the loop, huh?”
Cas’ voice is soft, and feels very far away. It comes closer when Dean regains awareness of the hand on his head, no longer stroking through hair but coming round to thumb gently, kindly at the corners of Dean’s eyes. Dean sniffs, reins it in, pulls himself together.
It’s amazing Jack hasn’t woken up; he’s pressed right over Dean’s heart, and it sure feels like that’s trying to pound out of his chest. Dean holds him a little more securely, willing his arms not to give out, and glances down from Cas’ eyes to his lips. “You’d better.”
Dean snorts awake violently, going for a gun he doesn’t keep under his pillow anymore, and when he doesn’t find it he props himself up on his elbows to look down the bed, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “...Jack?”
"Cas, please. I- I have to say this."
Cas is right; but the thing is, Cas doesn’t have the whole picture. “Cas- Cas, what if I lose you again?”
“I think that’s a cross anyone with a parent has to bear.”
“You-” he laughs hollowly. “Cas, you don’t see me, when you’re not around. When you’re gone, I’m… it’s like I’m not even
He’s twenty-nine (or a little under one, if you count the day he hauled himself outta the grave as a re-birthday), and he’s tired. So goddamn tired.
the goddamn world. And I'm sorry it took me so long to figure that out. I can't promise I'm never gonna say or do something stupid again- I mean, I'm just kind of a stupid guy, sometimes. But- but you
calm him down ‘til he's back to snuffling in his sleep, this time wrapped up nice and safe in Cas' arms. Dean doesn't stop singing for a long time, repeats verses and really milks the
He blinks, squints at it. Actually, it’s not as subtle as he thought. The soil’s barely covering it. A coin, like the quarters in his hand but brighter, newer. He leans down to carefully pick it up, shaking a few flecks of dirt off- and finds another coin hiding right underneath it. And another under that. Two more, five in all- five shiny silver quarters, new as the day they were minted, bright as buttons and shining prettily in his palm like a goddamn miracle.
Cas nods thoughtfully. "Yes... I suppose it's time to settle down, and-"
“You don’t know that.”
Cas squints up at him, a smirk of his own tugging at his lips. “Yes. But it will have to wait until there aren’t children present.”
"We should get him some more stuff," Dean blurts (quietly), thoughts from earlier spilling out. "His room's pretty... it's not really a kid's room."
“Dean…”
Sure as hell feels good to look forward to it for a change.
"Fuck yeah, man, no better feeling. Sammy and me, we didn't always grow up with the best showers to choose from, but cleaning the day off you, it's... yeah."
Jesus, Cas, are you-”
Dean’s never quite prepared for Cas’ abrupt changes of subject, but he rolls with it, even though his face is flushing. "Uh- yeah, guess so."
“Those angel eyes must have some pretty freaky fog vision.”
"He'd like that."
“Okay, check ‘em, I’m pretty sure Sam threw in some medicine and stuff good for kids Jack’s age while we were getting him clothes. If there’s any syrup grab that, it’ll go down easier. I’ll get him as comfy as I can, lay him down somewhere darker.”
“I will be.”
Sam babbles some shit into his chest- about Dad, about hunting, about greasy diner food and leg cramp from the car rides and all the other shit he complains about all the time because hello, he’s an eleven year old who basically lives in a fucking car and it sucks- and for once, Dean just lets him. Doesn’t try and defend it, sweet talk him, distract him. Just lets him rant and rage and cry for once. Maybe if he’d let him vent a little earlier, before he decided to get the hell outta dodge…
Maybe the coins are, too.
, if that’s what they wanna do.
He watches it sink, watches it settle and become one with the mass of coins below the water’s surface, and tilts his head. Very interesting. No perceptible physical or magical effects, and yet the motion is… calming. Satisfying, even. The journey of the coin, the sound of impact, the lightning fast flicker of his thoughts as he lets his mind alight naturally on whatever he might choose to ‘wish’ for. No evidence to be found that the action had any effect, or that his wish might be granted.
“Dean-” says Cas, shaken.
rumbles out beside him. He stares at Cas, stunned.
Dean shakes his head, biting back another nervous laugh. This fucking guy… this guy’s gotta stop just dropping declarations like that as if it’s no big thing. “Well, yeah. I dunno why she liked that song so much, but she sang it to me a lot. I guess it’s an easy one to keep going, for as long as you need to- you get to those ‘na’s at the end and you just repeat ‘til your kid stops crying. Pretty smart.”
His breath catches as a hand-
Jack blinks up at him, and he may be a baby-faced miniature version of himself but that squint is
the luck, huh?”
Dean hums softly, smiling to himself. They may be in bed but they sure won’t be sleeping, he’d bet money on it. Not that he wants to think about his baby brother’s sex life, but he’s happy for him. Awesome chicks like Eileen with a high threshold for weird supernatural bullshit don’t come along every day.
and is now Dean's son. The fact that his other dad is Cas, former angel of the Lord, Dean's best friend and now… Boyfriend? God, no, dumb word. His
"S'pose I... I dunno, man.” It’s just a thing he does. A thing his mom used to do, sometimes. He doesn’t read into it much. “Feels solid, I guess. Real. I always liked how it felt."
A bit of the tension drains out of Cas, his body sagging into the contact just a little. “We do.”
Cas smiles, a little sadder this time. "I've also noticed you only do it when I'm on the verge of death."
Actually, scratch that. He’s fucking
He grins, swings his legs over the side of the bed, and starts pulling on his new socks. “Okay- Cool Dad says we’re goin’ fishing. Saddle up, boys!”
“I’m not- I’m not tryna be a dick, Cas. I’m not throwing a pity party, here, I’m just…” He shakes his head. “Fuck, Cas, I would… I would give
Jack proudly consults his Kermit the Frog watch. “Just after five!” His face falls. “Is it too early? I asked Sam if I should wait but he said I should just come in, he said it was ‘traditional’.”
“Just find coins like that. I swear you find them
“Okay, okay, slow down, Wikipedia- man, we should get your on Jeopardy sometime.”
Dean clutches Jack a little tighter without meaning too, feeling the dozing kid burble against his shoulder. Eileen’s amazing, and Sam has as big a claim on Jack as any of them, but something ugly churns in his gut at the thought of handing the responsibility off like that, even in name only. “Hey, uh- let’s not rush ‘em, alright? Sam and Eileen are still kinda figuring it out, y’know. Early days. Probably wanna get a few relationship milestones under their belts before they get to the two-point-five kids and a white picket fence stage.”
"Perhaps-if you're looking for ways to 'make it up to me'-" Dean quietly snorts at the air quotes Cas makes against Dean’s face with his fingers- "you could… just do this. Every now and then, when I'm
The mental image of that shopping trip is funny enough to crack through Dean’s grouchy morning sulk with a smirk. “Aww. You get me somethin’ too, Cas?” he teases.
Cas falters, wrong-footed. “What do you mean?”
But Cas barely hesitates. “As long as I have any say in the matter, I will be here,” he says, quiet but firm. “And if a time comes when I don’t, you won’t be alone. Sam is here, Eileen, Claire, Jody and Donna, Bobby. And more besides, I’m sure. People who won’t let Jack come to harm, who’ll help you carry on.”
but desirable enough that he can’t quite help tightening his grasp when the kiss deepens. With the other he reaches down, helps support Jack in Dean’s arms, their hands together keeping him safe and secure, Cas steadying them both without even thinking. Loving them both,
them gives him all he needs to open his eyes and look at Cas- and damn if the look on his face ain’t worth every pound of courage it took. Open, adoring, smiling the most enormous gummy smile and he looks so fucking
Silence, tense. Then, falteringly: “D-dean?”
“Given the circumstances, I think Sam is doing very well for himself, actually.” He swipes away a tear from Dean’s cheek. “And you’ve come a long way, too.”
They’ve got a ways to go. Dean isn’t naive enough to think they’re all gonna slide into the apple pie life without some pushback. They have things to figure out, decisions to make about what they are, where they’ll go, what’s best for Jack and best for this thing they’re just now starting to call a relationship. They’ll wanna move, probably, raise the kid somewhere with natural light and less dangerous magical crap. They’ll wanna be close enough to Sam that he can visit, but far enough to get a little distance- Dean has some old habits and patterns to break out of and he figures step one is making sure him and his brother aren’t living in each other’s pockets anymore. They’ll wanna make sure Jack’s got all the shots and stuff he needs, make sure they’ve got the papers they need to send him to school, kindergarten, whatever. They’ll wanna make sure their
him and
"Thank you," says Cas earnestly, as if Dean doesn't owe him everything up to and including the clothes on his back. "I haven't missed this feeling of dirt that accumulates, but I find the relief of a shower and fresh clothes consolatory."
Cas freezes with his fingers extended before Jack’s forehead.
“Jerk.”
“No?”
Dean nods, and leans his head into Cas’ side. “We got time.”
, Dean.” He moves his hand, traces the shape of Dean’s face with the tips of his fingers and thumb, gently soothes the shadows under his eyes like he can miracle them away with a touch. “I believe in this. Above all things, I believe in this.”
past your bedtime.”
Cas enters, gingerly setting the cup down on the bedside table along with a plastic bottle and spoon from his coat pocket. “Perhaps it’s best to let him sleep for now.”
He screws his eyes shut, holds little Sammy close, just letting the kid put himself back together while Dean takes a moment to, quietly, fall apart. In his right hand, he clutches onto a handful of Sammy’s sweatshirt-
He loves him. Cas
Cas will probably take his sweet time getting out of bed, but once he does he’ll be ready to go in no time at all. Jack will come back fully dressed and clutching that dumb little portable radio shaped like a penguin he has, so that he and Cas can listen to their cheesy pop station at the lake while Dean pretends to bitch about their music taste- and Cas will complete the look by tucking a scarf around Jack’s neck because who says God can’t get a little chilly?
not leaving you, buddy. Just moving a little, ‘kay? Here.” He carefully shifts, making sure Jack is well supported on one arm (with a little help from Cas), and raises his hand, clenched in a loose fist with his little finger extended. “Pinky swear.”
“He might be like Sam.” Cas smiles slightly. “He might be like you.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean grabs the mug and takes a scalding swig, groaning in appreciation. Sammy may be a smartass but he buys the good stuff. “Mmm… so you get any sleep at all, kid?” he grumbles.
“Dean,” says Cas again, angling Dean’s head with his hand to look him in the eye. “Talk to me.”
Dean doesn’t care that it sounds broken, that
and the weirdest thing about it is it doesn't feel weird. None of it. Jack fits in his arms like he was meant to be there, Cas' lips fit with his like they were made for it, and it may be a squeeze but the three of them sharing space in Dean's bed feels natural.
“You- you know the words?”
He’s forty-two and he isn’t settled, yet, his whole life is packed up ready to pick up and go, but he knows where it’s going next; to the place he and Cas have lined up, the house they’re fixing up together, where Jack’s gonna have his own room painted whatever colour he wants and Cas can keep bees or chickens or whatever makes him happy, so who the hell cares if right now whenever he or Cas need something it’s always at the bottom of the damn box?
“I wanted to!”
, Cas. You're one of the most goddamn important people in my life and I'm never gonna forget that again. Not ever."
Dean doesn’t waste another second, charging into the shadows. Doesn’t even entertain the idea it might be a copycat, or a trap, no way- he’s been looking all goddamn night and Sammy, he’s been alone all this time, oh,
“What are we doing?” asks Jack, bright and intrigued.
“So… what?”
Shutting his mouth with obvious reluctance, Cas nods at him to continue.
Something does catch his eye, but it’s no footprint. It’s a spot of light in the dirt, a shiny metallic gleam a couple feet away, slap bang in the middle of the sidewalk by an alley opening. Nothing important, not as important as finding Sam- probably just some piece of junk metal, but…
He scowls and scuffs the dirt under the bench with his foot- and gets distracted from angrily pocketing his meagre findings by a glint of silver in the soil.
In a few hours morning will come, and Dean will wake. For an angel, it may as well be the space between one heartbeat and the next.
Giving Jack’s shoulder one more gentle pet, Cas lifts his hand and reaches across the kid to cup Dean's face in his palm. He holds him with the same gentleness, the same protective reverence with which he held their son, and Dean’s heart aches.
“And what does that make us?” Cas prods, not unkindly. “Established? Settled? Or are you implying that you’d rather bear sole responsibility, put your name down as a single father?”
That makes Cas crack a smile. “We’ll work something out; perhaps one of us will take on the title of uncle, at least in the legal sense.”
“I love ‘em, kid,” he grins, clapping Jack on the shoulder. “Thanks.”
Jack giggles- a happy, high sound that’s music to Dean’s ears.
He almost says it’s nothing. It’s fine. It’s none of his business. But it isn’t, and it isn’t, and it
Castiel reaches into his trench coat pocket, and emerges with a small handful of coins. Some were Jimmy Novak’s, when he still wore this body and this coat for himself alone. Those, the coins that have been rattling in this coat’s pocket since the day he inhabited it, he carefully separates and puts back, should he- or Jimmy- need them one day.
“Good, thank you,” says Cas, but he catches Dean with a hand on his shoulder before he can go far. “And Dean?”
and it’s…
“No idea. You’re probably nearly there, though,” says Sam, shaking his head. “How do you always do that?”
Cas' eyes flicker up to him, and Dean fights the impulse to look away and pretend he wasn't staring. Cas' eyes are soft and sleepy, and still just a little uncertain, like he's waiting for Dean to turn him out of the room. Maybe he's just worried Dean's gonna spiral again. Either way, Dean doesn't like it.
Feels like being okay.
Cas looks at back, bemused. “I was curious.”
And he does. Just like that. As if they’ve been doing it for years.
Eyeing the storefront across the street, Dean roots around in his pocket for loose change. It’s the cheapest looking coffee joint he’s seen round here so far, but that might not help him- the card he’s been using the last couple months finally got clocked for fraud, and Dad’s is in the car with him. His only hope is whatever coins he can scrape together, and so far the outlook’s grim. A dollar, a couple quarters, and some lint that may or may not be grave dirt. Perfect. Looks like he’s shit out of luck.
“Got that much from your big download, huh?”
Cas tilts his head, mashing it a little further into the pillow in his confusion, and Dean would be biting back a smile if he wasn't so damn nervous about the potentially fraught emotional territory he's fumbling into.
The look Cas sends him is nothing short of fucking exhausted. “Yes. Frequently. Why can’t you sleep?”
Sammy’s gone, took off again. A goddamn eleven year old kid out alone on the streets. If Dean doesn’t find him, if he goes back to the shitty motel they’re calling home without him, back to
“Well, the birthday boy sure ain’t waiting round here for people to start singing,” he says. Sam’s probably already put in calls to whoever’s in the neighbourhood to show up for an ambush, and Dean’s down for seeing some friends but he wants to do this day
From the last time he was human and Dean tossed him out onto the street. Great. "Well, uh- you can borrow something of mine. To sleep, or shop, y'know. That doesn't look super comfy, man."
to make, on behalf of a man who seldom entertains wishes for his own sake. A man who scarcely believes himself worthy of life, let alone pleasure, let alone peace or plenty.
and and Dean wants to
try.”
But, thankfully, not so tired that he can’t appreciate the little things. Like sneaking salt into Sam’s coffee when he’s distracted and watching his brother’s entire face screw up in disgust. Or the great tunes crackling from Baby’s cassette player as the two of them perch on her hood, eating their crappy fast food while they watch the sunset and mull over their plan of attack for tonight.
Cas' eyes flutter closed and he melts into the touch, and Dean's chest fucking caves in. All those times he held himself back from reaching out, too goddamn scared of how he felt, of what other people would see, and all this time he would've found Cas reaching right back.
Cas’ face is mostly cast in shadow, but Dean’s eyes have adjusted and can see understanding written across it. "I imagine there were a lot of those. Days that you'd want to wash away."
“Bitch.”
Perhaps he’ll manage that fantastically unobtainable quirk of the human mind, and convince himself that it will never end.
Enough to make one real tired guy think that somewhere there’s something, someone, on his side for a change.
“See a penny, pick it up,” he drawls, scooping up the coin with a smirk. “How many pennies d’you think I gotta pick up to cancel out all those mirrors we broke with Bloody Mary?”
“You should get some rest.”
A thought, a memory, hits Dean then like a punch in the gut. The thought that the last time he had a little baby hand grabbing at his fingers like this, his own hand was barely any bigger. Four years old, and somehow he was all that little kid had to hold onto. Four years old, small and traumatised and as nonverbal as the child in his hands right now.
"But you will now, right? I mean, since you're sticking around?"
“That’s true. Guess he’s got all of us beat, three-nothin’.” Dean chuckles. “That’s… man, what the
He knows one thing, though, and even if it’s the only tiny scrap of the warped, contradictory patchwork of Mary Campbell-Winchester that he knows is real he’ll take it. “She might’ve sung to me. She sang to us, sometimes. When we were sick, or sad. I remember that. I used that song on Sammy all the time, when she was gone. Always did the job.”
And nearly goddamn spits them out again when a soft, gruff line of
Dean shrugs, tapping his fingers on his bottle. “I mean… I think so. But memories, man. She could’ve sounded like a chainsmoking bullfrog, and I’d still think she had the voice of a fucking angel. Uh- you know what I mean. Hey, can angels actually sing?”
He pauses, looking back up at the sky. He looks so fond, so quietly happy, like he’s just enjoying a sunny afternoon on the beach, watching his kid splash around in the shallows. Yeah, fond; and proud, too. “And then humans came along, saw those stars in a fraction of their true splendour, and you made up names of your own for each and every one you could see. Stories, too, for many, but they all got names.” He side-eyes Dean with a knowing little smile. “I’ve noticed you have a certain fondness for re-naming things.”
Another hand rests on Dean’s other cheek, this one small and clumsy. He turns his head slightly to meet Jack’s eyes, can’t tell how much of this conversation the kid’s frazzled brain is processing right now but it feels like he understands, somehow. Feels like he agrees with Cas and he’s trying to telegraph that to Dean, in any way he can, even if that’s just big sparkly eyes narrowed in a stern squint.
The small child giggles with energy befitting her heightened blood sugar content, and Castiel watches the strange ritual closely. Watches the child’s sibling take a coin from the mother’s hand and repeat the motion, smiling inanely as it disappears beneath the rippling water of the fountain. Watches the little gathering wander away, not waiting to see if their ‘wishes’ come true or not. Not seeming to care much either way.
No good response to that. How the hell do you explain you're too chickenshit; so goddamn scared of your own feelings that you can't bring yourself to touch your best friend until you're convinced it's your last chance? Dean nods tightly. "Yeah."
Sniffing furiously, Dean puts his head in his hands, forcing his palms so hard against his closed eyes it makes weird colours dance inside his eyelids. Stupid. Shouldn’t have told her. This is
“Is he asleep?”
He does sound good, actually. Nothing like Mary- his voice is low, rough, and he’s somehow growling out this McCartney number like he’s goddamn Johnny Cash, but it’s working for him. Even the little wobbles and cracks are sorta working. Dean doesn’t plan on it or anything, but he feels like he’s leaning in, setting his empty bottle out of the way and swaying a little closer to the sound. Maybe he’s more drunk than he thought.
“Is that something Mary would have done? When you couldn’t sleep?”
At least she hadn’t told anyone. Well, no, she probably had- but not to spill the secret. Probably just telling stories about her crazy ex-boyfriend at college parties, laughing with her drunk friends about the bullet she’d dodged by dumping him. Crazy Dean Winchester, who thinks he’s a monster hunter. Probably make it into the best man speech at her future wedding-
He blinks. “...Thank you,” he deadpans, feeling the soft laugh that Cas is hiding in the crook of his neck.
Dean sighs raggedly, and holds them tight against his chest for a second, letting his eyes close, letting the smell of coffee and muffins drift across the street towards him, letting the last stupid tears out before he has to lock them up tight again.
Dean twitches an eyebrow. “Congratulations.”
“Shall I keep going?”
"All you had to do was ask."
, and he deserves to know the mess he’s about to get himself into. The more times Cas left Dean behind, the more times Dean had to learn how to function with the only goddamn good thing besides his brother in his life gone, the more he realised maybe the only things truly separating Dean and John Winchester were a few bottles of whiskey and an unchecked void of howling grief. And that’s the kind of shit Cas has to know before he gets himself or his son tangled up in Dean’s mess for good- before he does something stupid like trust Dean to hold the fort if he gets left behind again.
He melts under Cas’ touch, moving when he’s moved. Cas’ thumb under Dean’s jaw to tilt it back, fingers wrapped securely round the nape of his neck, and it’s practically a Spiderman kiss with the way Cas is stooping over Dean in his chair but Dean doesn’t even have it in him to bitch about being the MJ in this situation. Doesn’t have it in him to think of anything except Cas, how warm and real and solid he is, how familiar kissing him feels even though it’s new and exhilarating and pooling in his stomach, warm and slow and sweet as molasses.
Doesn’t matter. Doesn’t goddamn matter. What’s done is done, she said what she wanted to say, and… and it’s over. Done with. Dean’s just gotta nut up and move on, that’s that.
“In the kitchen.”
“Yeah.”
Dean recoils, gaping at Cas. “What?”
“Stupid,” he mutters, bringing his palm down hard on the bench next to him. “Stupid,
"Yes?"
He’s gonna fix that. That’s one of the first things he’s fixing. And it’s a long, long list.
way. It’s a happy kind of messy. He’s forty-freaking-two, and he’s
Jack is staring up at him, silent and watchful and knowing in a way most three year olds definitely aren’t. Dean tries not to shrivel under his gaze. “But I’m enough like him.”
Blunt, sincere, and cutting right to the crux of Dean’s bullshit. Classic Cas. “You don’t-”
“Of course. I remember everything you tell me about yourself.”
"I never spent a great deal of time in it,” says Cas with the shadow of a shrug.
"I've had a fair few myself."
So Castiel allows himself a moment of boldness. A hand upon Dean’s back, a gentle kiss to his slack brow, careful not to jostle him. Dean needs the rest, every bit as much as Cas needs the contact. So he keeps his motions unobtrusive, small gestures Dean is unlikely to remember- or will choose to forget. But the knowledge doesn’t detract from the simple joy of being able to bestow them, however briefly.
His eyes open just a crack, peering at Dean across the pillow and the messy crown of Jack's mousy hair.
“I think I’ll know, somehow. When you’re thinking of me.” He flicks a thumb across Dean’s eyebrow, following the shape of it, like he’s learning his face through touch. “But maybe you could tell me, talk to me. Just in case.”
“You like them?” asks Jack, wide eyed.
Cas hums, considering. “By
But they barely made it out alive. Against all odds, they’re here. Together. And they’ve wasted enough time already.
Dean doesn’t ask if he means that literally or what. If his fritzing powers sometimes let him down or if he just gets his eyes clouded by the shittiness of it all, like any other human being on this bitch of an earth. He doesn’t ask because he suspects both are at least a little right.
“Well, I ain’t marrying my brother, so I guess it’s me or Sammy getting demoted.”
get excitable, jump on their parent’s (or long suffering big brother’s) beds at ass o’clock in the morning because they can’t wait to get started on a day that’s all about them. Dean gets it, hell, he thinks it’s cute, and in some ways he thinks it’s a damn good start to the day. Just two little problems:
Damn, the sight of that smile ain’t nothing on how it feels against his lips. How Cas’ laughter feels, air puffing into Dean’s mouth. His chest feels crammed full but lighter than air, like his lungs are full of helium. But maybe that’s not even down to Cas specifically; maybe that’s just how it feels to finally put down something heavy, an enormous secret you’ve been carrying on your chest. Maybe those words have been weighing him down longer than he could’ve ever imagined.
Dean nods, deep in thought as he rubs Jack’s back, so small Dean’s hand practically covers it. He can feel the kid drooling on his shirt a little, but hey, it’s far from the worse thing he’s ever got on his clothes. “Is it, uh… is it bad that I kinda hope so?”
Or the glimmer of shiny, new copper in the gravel at his feet.
Make it feel, just for a moment, like a big, warm hand is rubbing soothing circles on his back, and chapped lips are pressing a soft kiss to his forehead.
blabbed to like an
He doesn’t get an answer but he finds the kid anyway, hunkered down behind a dumpster. He’s not quite a grubby-faced Victorian orphan yet but he looks about as sad and lost as one. Dean drops to his knees on the gross asphalt in front of him and crushes the little dummy in a hug, letting him ugly snot-cry into the front of his shirt because he’s too goddamn relieved to complain. Much.
but ultimately it’s just that. A shiny, pretty penny, sitting in Dean’s palm when he already has a belly full of food, his brother by his side and no flying objects nearby ready to take him out. Completely useless.
“Would you abandon him to fend for himself, even if neither me nor Sam could step in for him?” Cas presses, relentless. “Would you throw him onto the streets, allow him to starve?”
Dean frowns. “What?”
He angrily scrubs at his eyes, willing the tears away. Stupid. What good did crying ever do anyone? Crying is for when you’re so drunk you can’t see, like Dad gets sometimes. The kinda drunk when you’re past the anger. Dean has more important things to do than cry- he has a punk-ass little brother to catch, for one. Shit, he couldn’t have got far… right?
Dean laughs, quiet and stunned. "You really did hear my prayer, huh?"
If he was hoping to catch Dean off guard with the quick subject change, he’s outta luck. Dean’s pretty used to his weird tangents these days. He shrugs and fumbles around in the cooler for another bottle. “Just one of those nights.” He pops the cap with his ring and passes it to Cas. “Nothin’ to be done.”
I suppose I'll need to buy more clothes."
“Sorry, I’m…” He looks down at his hand, so massive compared to Jack’s, so rough and scarred, and for a split second he swears it gleams red-black with fresh blood in the halflight. Swears he can see it staining Jack’s baby soft skin where they touch and he wants to put distance there, hand the kid off to Cas before he gets ruined, before he gets dirtied or bloodied or scraped in Dean’s hard, monstrous hands-
“Didn’t see them, I presume they retired some time ago.”
He knows what Sam would say, if he wasn’t snoring away in the back of the Impala and he could hear Dean talking like this. That that’s unfair, that Dean deserved to be a kid too, deserved to have someone looking after him, yadda yadda. He can see that in Cas’ eyes, too, but Cas isn’t fucking annoying so he doesn’t say it. What Cas is, though, is blunt as fuck and a little too good at cutting to the core of whatever’s bothering Dean, so actually what he says stings worse than any trauma counselleor mumbo jumbo Sam could’ve rattled off at him.
“Hey, kid,” says Dean, breathlessly collecting himself, keeping his voice quiet and a hand steady on Jack’s shoulder as he stirs. He doesn’t wanna pile anymore pain on that little aching head. “You must’ve been real tuckered out, huh?”
...Fuck, why
“And I can't... I can't undo it. And I can't apologise enough, but... if it's okay with you, I wanna try to make it up to you. I- I owe you everything, Cas. My life, Sam's life. I owe you the world, and... and you
“No idea. Any suggestions?”
Jack- that is to say it’s at least fifty percent Cas, too.
“I got a few- there have been songs about them, of course. Lines in film and television, novels. I can’t identify many by sight. I might be able to quote lines about a certain constellation, but I doubt I could point to it, or understand why it was named as it was.” He looks a little sad at that, eyes sliding off Dean and back to the stars as if drawn there like a magnet. Seems to be kind of a running theme for Cas- never knowing whether to keep his eyes on the earth or the sky. “While it has increased my understanding of the world we inhabit now, of the secondary language of commonality that you share, there are some things I would’ve liked to learn for myself. From a primary source, with context. Sometimes having all of this knowledge in my head with no personal connection is… jarring. It’s all hollow facts that I can’t always connect. In the end, I feel about as lost and out of step as I did in my ignorance.”
They planned a new edifice, less fortress and more palace, welcoming and comfortable, from the ruins of the first. They began with a core structure where it would be possible to live and work during construction, and they built outward from there, preserving the historical and using the salvaged materials where they could, and creating something entirely new where new was called for.
“Thank you for saving me. How did you do that?” Castiel dusted himself off as best he could, though it wasn’t much help, given the mud and the water and all, and he was suddenly all too aware of what a sight he must be.
“A little, I think,” Cas guesses. He takes the bottle for another drink and passes it back to Dean, who does the same. “I tried to… get the grace back. Inside.”
“Cas… what you said, when I found you…”
go, he’d have laughed, but he sees now why Sam gave her that page, in the grimoire, why he trusted her. It makes Dean feel like some irascible feral street cat, taking so long to warm up, but now they’ve been in the trenches, and that changes things. Heck they’ve all been in one another’s pockets for a couple months at this point. It
They were okay for the moment, or at least Sam was, and then something odd happened -- Michael seemed to realize Dean was there, taking his glimpse down into the crater where Dean was trapped
from everyone. He wasn't deterred by that, initially, but when Cas said (or rather demanded) he'd come along, that was the end of it -- he’s not putting a freshly re-human’ed Cas in the line of fire, even if it means sitting on his thumbs himself.
“Alright,” Dean says, taking charge again. “Let’s get outside. We’re not getting anything done down here.”
And yet, the clock ticks on.
Cas gasps through his nose and responds immediately, pliantly, his hands lighting on Dean’s elbows and traveling up his arms, seeking stability on his shoulders. Suddenly Dean doesn’t mind the taste of gin at all. He’s letting out a soft hum just thinking about how he’s going to encourage Cas across from the chair to the bed when--
No one says goodbye, or makes any speeches, but as the dregs of time drain away like bathwater, they all draw in close to one another to greet whatever comes.
Dean’s all braced for the embarrassment but it fizzles, and he manages to laugh at himself a little, though he does shoot Sam a
He’s in the middle of a hostile, axe-handed gesture toward the inside of the house, when he stops his mouth before he can get through that next example.
The remainder of the trip was brief and mostly quiet. Castiel followed along, feeling increasingly sober, knowing it was likely just the effect of time, but unable to shake the idea that it was proximity to the castle.
He laughs darkly, almost a choke. “Now I can’t tell what I’ve fucked up on my own and what was Chuck’s idea.”
He walks until his legs grow heavy.
Nothing ever turns up, even when the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. His instincts seem maladapted now, like a moth circling a light, trying to navigate by the moon without accounting for the invention of the electric bulb.
“Soon,” Castiel extrapolated. “Dean, if this is about Naomi becoming queen--”
in the midwest, right?”
A large walk-in closet full of cluttered metal lockers.
“We shouldn’t be sneaking in,” Castiel says. “We’re meant to be pretending we belong, right? So we should go in the front… whatever that is.”
“We still don’t know that the world’s ending,” Sam counters.
Her anxiety is easy to understand, but with less than twelve hours to go, Dean thinks Sam is probably right. If the dearth of magic was going to kill her, there would probably be signs by now. It occurs to him then that what she’s worried about may well be what happens
Hannah’s voice again, thin and far away and cut off mid-sentence, as if she was calling from another room this time. Between the two of them, he was getting a headache.
“You think this is like that?” Cas muses.
He tried to get up, he started to twist, but realized almost immediately that he was trapped. He’d thought his legs felt strange, only once he really looked did he realize the extent of it: everything from just above his knees on down was beneath colossal foundation bricks. The strange feeling was apparently numbness, something for which Dean had incredible gratitude all of the sudden. It was better than the alternative.
Dean’s mouth is dry. “You’re… gonna have to tell me how much of that you caught?”
“Dean---Dean---please—”
If they wanted to go to a school dance, he drove them there on the bus, sitting in the school parking lot until it was time to bring them home.
Eileen signs something when Sam turns around that Cas doesn’t quite catch out of the corner of his eye. Sam’s eyebrows go up, and he signs back: "What do you mean, he looks relaxed?"
The sheer crowding of the wind-monsters grows too intense to bear. No matter how quick they are, they keep taking hits. They’re back to back, reaching behind with every parry and slash to touch skin -- wrists, hands, whatever they can reach -- and heal whatever new damage they’re taking.
so many human emotions were) and making his limbs feel heavy: relief. He is relieved. Ashamed and guilty also, but both of those are being knocked down by the sweet, insistent press of relief.
you’re not the only good angel, when you are one, but the other good ones tend to be a little weird by angel standards too, right?”
The wind pries away the cheap fasteners of Dean’s mask, and it falls right off his face. A finger of air sends it flying upward, where it can be conveniently caught by the god at fault.
In Purgatory it happened a lot, and Dean was also so frequently in real pain, or praying intentionally to try to find him, that it was frequently difficult to try and parse out which of the three situations was happening each time Dean’s consciousness connected with his own.
"Dean, can I talk to you for a second? Outside?" The pitch of Sam's voice went up, and he got up from his chair and moved toward the door in a scramble, without ever taking his eyes off Castiel, as if Castiel was a threat.
time, thank you very much) on the kitchen floor.
He ends up fixating on Sam’s throwaway comment: he goes and applies for a job at a dive downtown, near one of those colleges, and is accepted on the spot.
She looks down at him fondly. “No one pours beet-wine on Veles’ roots anymore, hunters. It is the fate of all of us, of what we are, to flicker and fragment and fade. Normally we keep watch of one another, and end others' misery before it gets too great. I was charged with this role, for Veles, but…” She looks down at the ground, clearly struggling to avoid a new round of crying.
"That's putting it lightly. You got a brother?"
They mostly stick close to the rim of the canyon, there more for the views than the exertion, but Dean does go out of his way to get a picture of Cas and Jack (in their hats) standing next to the
CONTENT NOTICE: So, I did
Cas takes a grateful sip, and then another. “Don’t people traditionally mix these with other things?”
Dean tries to ignore that. He certainly doesn’t feel very heroic right about now.
So he does. The ride to the motel is quiet, Castiel too busy enjoying the near-electric joy of being safe in the car at all to talk. The motel itself is apparently terrible, but compared to where he’s been snatching little bits of sleep until now, it might as well be a palace.
she took off running on all fours.
“We’re okay. Everyone’s okay. Jack’s back. We lost power, but--”
They both stop moving to listen intently. Castiel isn’t used to Dean hearing things first, and he can’t help bristling, but from Dean’s posture, it’s clear that this is exactly what’s happening. Only with concentration does Castiel pick up on the sound. The drums make themselves known first, and, if he really listens, he can detect indistinct voices.
making excuses to hang around you a little longer.”
“Ah. Well,” Cas climbs out of Dean’s lap and settles into sitting next to him. “Next time, then.”
Of course, she’d apologized to Castiel, and to Anna, and to numerous people for the ways she’d hurt them, but that wasn’t what gave Castiel so much confidence in her. Her every decision, her every
and he ignores it.
“Wait,” Dean says, tying his shoes and getting to his feet.
Dean’s still not sure what he thinks.
He hears Sam afterward, voice fading as he gets farther away, catching, “...wouldn’t expect him back for awhile, what with...”
things at this particular moment.
It looked and sounded like a firework, but with far more little particles than any firework Dean had ever seen, and instead of disappearing after a few seconds, they continued to glow all the way down.
Of all the ways that Dean has died, he’s pretty sure he's never drowned, but he’s heard stories about it. What he’s heard is this: that there’s an initial panic as carbon dioxide builds up and the lungs fight for air, but shortly before actual death, the drowning person feels a wave of calm.
When Dean suggests turning the light on, Cas says no, Dean will have to see precisely where the grace is shining through to know where to cut. Odd as it is, it’s safer to do it in the dark. Dean accepts this unquestioningly, both because he trusts Cas, and because he thinks it might be easier. Contrarily, he’s always felt safer in the dark, less vulnerable.
Once upon a time, Singer Salvage Yard stood here. After that, there was a smoldering pile of rubble, willed to Sam and Dean Winchester.
Castiel wasn’t so sure, but he followed after anyway.
Dean steps a few more paces from the door.
As they file in through the unlocked door, a large man in an apron (almost as tall as Sam, Dean notes, but with a lot more weight on him) wanders out from the back and warns them he’s the only one here for the moment, but he’s got a couple of others on the way in half an hour or so, and can he get them a coffee in the meantime while he gets all the appliances up and running?
Only now can Dean love him.
“Like an oryx,” Castiel answers, since that’s the point of the mask. It’s made of stiff leather and goes all the way down to his upper lip, silver and black, complete with twisted, gently curving horns and little ears beneath. A big, black costume jewel rests in the center of its forehead, giving it a vaguely occult air.
“Boreas,” says the white swan man to his twin, his voice an energetic tenor. “Here’s the other one, just like you said. Oko’s bees were right as always, clever things. Of course, it helps that these two apparently don’t know themselves very well”
until today.” She rests her face on her hand, petulant and exhausted. “No heaven, no hell,
They did try, both of them, but they were also both fairly drunk and still drinking. Dean was more than happy to share the sizeable flask he carried, and Castiel was no less pleased to take the swigs he was offered. They took turns with it, Castiel stumbling once, unable look away from Dean's neck, bared when he tilted his head back for a swallow.
There’s a wind at Castiel’s back, now, not violent like the one that’s taken Dean, but insistent, pushing him along in the same direction. If he doesn’t move, he’ll fall down, so he obeys in a clumsy, stumbling sort of manner. It pushes up over his head and his mask slips off him and rolls away like just another leaf, right into the hands of the same assailant that’s got a hold of Dean.
The laugh that escaped Castiel was lower and raspier than he’d even expected. “I doubt that very much.”
for all he knows.
“Sneaking?”
All at once, a mysterious warmth seems to start at Deans feet and rise straight through his body.
breath.
request. “That, I am
to me, not much. I’ve been at this a long time. I
“Hello, Dean.” He says, again, without getting up from his spot on the floor by the fireplace, where a healthy, bluish-white flame slowly consumes a crystalline log. Castiel is tired.
Cas, Rowena, and Jack all squish a little to fit into one side of the booth, and Dean lets Sam get in first on their side.
There’s a pause, and for a second Dean is terrified it’s going to be Ezekiel who responds, but then Sam finally says, “Uh… what?”
When it’s all done, they return.
A complete and utter dearth of magic.
“You remember that time we got booted to that other world? The one where we were actors?” Sam recalls.
to produce it. It might as well be on display at a hardware store.
Even when they have to part, making mirrored turns away from their shared wall, Dean can close his eyes and feel Cas’ location and turn by turn, they use that to their advantage in solving the maze.
After Sam checks them out of the motel, they stand in the parking lot under the warm spring sun, surrounded by short suburban trees with buds just starting to open, and they are struck by the question: what do you do, when you don’t have to save the world?
Cas takes a drink, and Dean follows suit. In the warm darkness, Dean realizes just how tired he really is.
And it is. It
"We're good, Sammy. You get home and get some shuteye."
Castiel nods. He watches Dean with some wariness, waiting for a familiar pattern to emerge.
is entombed beneath a
lest he look no better than that reaper bitch, plying him with comfort and then getting all grabby.
He stood up and turned away.
Dean’s the same person as he was yesterday, more or less, so while it’s a
There’s no shortage of places like this, even now -- private land away from cities and farms, places for which governments and companies have little use, seemingly forgotten by time. Castiel loves them, because if he just scoots over a little to the right, he could almost convince himself he’s a passenger again, waiting patiently for Dean and Sam to emerge from between the trees at any moment, bloodied and sweaty.
but he sure as fuck wasn’t going to spill his guts after
Castiel frowned. Michael hadn’t said anything to him about it. Since Hannah’s death, Michael barely said
He doesn’t finish his sentence. Dean pivots and bends and grabs Cas by the chin to steady them both before covering Cas’ mouth with his own. In the same moment they both sigh through their noses and move to deepen it, and their teeth click. Dean doesn’t care if it’s clumsy and stuff as Cas responds kind of like he's being kissed through a quilt. He’d still have traded every other kiss in his life for this one.
“We are now,” Gauri says. “We only ask that you permit us to do so with some measure of dignity. Of course, before the night is over, I am willing to show you proof that we have ended it.”
Ultimately, as always, he lost the battle with himself. He turned his head toward the window, but there was nothing to look upon. There was only darkness in the inner courtyard on the other side of the latticed glass.
They were like babies, every one of them -- or rather, all of them collectively. The entire kingdom was born anew on that day, screaming, wet, and filthy, from a crater on a crag.
“Why?” He says from the ground.
twisting uncomfortably before merging again with the rest.
If he starts to get a creeping feeling when he works alone on slow or rainy nights, and just about jumps out of his skin one evening when a lady with a briefcase comes in? That’s just another thing to ignore and not talk about. This kind of shit is like a gas, he tells himself, the more space you give it, the more space it takes up, so he endeavors not to give it any.
For an angel to fall in love in anything even vaguely resembling the same manner as a human (at least enough to be compatible with one) is not completely unheard of -- Nephilim
“I just...” Cas stops, and his eyes go out of focus for a moment as he fights a wave of nausea. “I wish Jack could have lived long enough to ask himself that same question. He was so fixated on what was real, or true. Dean, I think, deep down, he might have known… something
What’s coming up his throat and out through his mouth, falling between his knees and pooling on the library floor, is the blue-white light of grace. Cas’ hand comes up and grabs Dean’s for support and leverage, squeezing like he’s trying to break Dean’s fingers.
you to come with us.”
Cas looks down at the display on his phone. His brows furrow for a moment, and then his hand crushes into a white-knuckled fist. His jaw works, and his lips vanish into an expression of tight fury. “That absolute motherfucker,” he says quietly.
“Whatever.” Dean pretends he doesn’t understand, or doesn’t care, for the simple reason that he
The next time Castiel sees Crowley he’s going to kill him.
“No choice,” Dean says, feeling his jaw tighten. “Gotta sleep sometime. Booze helps. So does killing stuff.”
It turns out that he’s worrying for no reason. The moment he touches Cas, a greenish-gold light sweeps over him and he is healed. They look at each other, confused, and then they’re back in it, Dean tumbling into position to slice the leg off the nearest wind-monster.
Dean checks his own phone: the space where the clock would normally be reads exactly the same way. Well, thirty two minutes, now.
Grace presses up against the boundaries of the body that contains it, suffusing his skin until he’d glow lightly if it were nighttime. Little bits seep into the ground like rainwater, and a little goes a long way, literally. If an angel were to track it, they’d find the faintest traces traveling down root systems almost half a mile away. Sam and Dean’s trees get the bulk of it, but this whole section of forest is dense, verdant, and lively.
When he opens the door, Crowley drawls, “Ah! Moose, step into my office. Knew you couldn’t stay away for long.”
“What?” Cas protests.
The article’s text reveals that the headline is a little misleading -- in fact, human-driven cars
Fortunately there’s still enough of the old literal-interpretation Cas in there that he takes this concern at face value, as it is intended, and not as some kind of stealth rejection. He makes his counter-argument, though:
guy. He helped me, helped Claire
“Shit. Jody, I’m sorry--”
and this whole thing is his brain trying to protect him from claustrophobia, or it’s Michael messing with him while they’re trapped together.
A dark part of him is pleased, excited even, by Cas’
“You did?”
it’s for
for changing up
He walks until his feet protest.
like such an eternity?
cope?”
Pulling himself over a low section of the wall, Castiel followed her, and together they started to move carefully down the rocks at the side of the castle. Turnip, of course, hopped, flew, or glided much of the way with a kind of careless grace Castiel could never hope to match.
“Do I have to quit?”
” Dean repeats, half-mocking. “What
“Yeah, it’s not,” is all Dean really articulates about it before they all go their separate ways for the night. He figures he’ll take questions another time if he has to, but the less of an
Cas’ grip never lets up on the flesh of his shoulder, fingers digging hard enough to leave a bruise. Dean focuses on that, uses it to ground himself.
crawled up his ass. Are you sure it’s a god? I hate gods, they’ve always got those fiddly weaknesses--”
“I do think I’m going to live, though.” Cas’ tone is careful, and Dean can’t quite tell if Cas thinks this is a good thing or a bad thing, a simple fact, or a choice he’s made. “I figured out a way to… I… it’s technical.”
as it floats from Dean’s phone.
“So?”
Rowena nods. “That tracks.”
Dean shoots back, “You wouldn’t know your way around google if your life depended on it, and
“Dean.” Her jaw tenses but she doesn’t take the bait, she’s too professional for that. “I’m not kidding. Remember how I said a second ago I talked to Sam and Jack? Well,
“Yeah,” Dean sounded dry-mouthed. “That… that sounds familiar. I thought you’d… I don’t know…”
easier to discuss how he felt before and how he feels now, he still fumbles with it. Cas is patient, though, and holds the space around him as he works through it. Dean does his best to return the favor.
“So, what?” Sam's face is twisted with confusion and skepticism. “We… win?”
Dean summons the waitress, who seems openly more at ease with Castiel now that he’s accompanied by a substantially less homeless-looking person. She takes their orders, and Castiel listens, half-numb, to Dean’s recitation of his trip while they wait.
Dean puts his end on speaker too, as Sam’s wandering over with open interest in the conversation. With everyone’s seeming good health established, they hang up to let Donna and Jody get to their actual jobs, which need them more than ever as normalcy tries to reassert itself.
Of course, all that is over now.
“Usually I’d say better out than in, but in your case…” Dean concedes. It earns him the ghost of a dry smirk.
At least it should make Veles easy to identify.
real, full of damp geosmin, the sparkling terpene scent of abundant living wood, and the sweetness of autumn’s gentle decay.
he means to say,
“Right,” Dean says, hopefully.
No. The tapes are fine, but it isn’t right, for the old girl to be alone like that.
They can’t use the room they’d put Cas in, ‘cause the disembodied wings are taking up half of it, and neither of their bedrooms has the floor-space to work with. In the end, they push the two library tables Sam
At first, Dean thinks the long brown hairs appearing everywhere are just from the realities of getting older. People say you take after your maternal grandfather, in terms of hair loss, which means they're both probably utterly doomed, and boy does Dean have a sackful of bald jokes ready for his hair-vain little brother. At least, that is until they’re all sitting around on their devices on a quiet afternoon and the reality becomes apparent.
South and south and south, they drive until there’s no more south to go, at least not in the contiguous USA and by car. In Key West, they plant five beach chairs all next to one another and drink cocktails with their toes in the white sand, just the way Dean used to wish they could. Sam takes Cas and Jack to go see the Hemingway house with its polydactyl cats, while Dean and Rowena don’t stray too far from the swim-up bar at the hotel.
It seemed that the collapse had been primarily
Why, it's the Wishek, North Dakota specialties: Cheese buttons, and Dakota Kuhen! (The latter being the cake-pie thing)
“Gauri would have been angry,” notes Notus.
She looks at Castiel, and then at the two gods of wind. “Is this... what I think it is?”
“The memory foam really is an improvement on the other mattress,” Cas says, as if
as Dean had feared on his last call to Sam, but they actually have pretty ready access to both willow wood and a string of fate to tie around it. It’s the second part, the part that details how they’ll have to
“Not especially.”
likes on someone
Currently, all Dean is doing is squinting and frowning at the softly rolling landscape on the other side of the windshield. “I don’t get it. This is definitely the spot? Are you sure you entered the coordinates right?”
“If we discuss it, there will be no distraction.” After seeing the comma between Dean’s eyebrows deepen, Cas adds, “Later. I Promise.”
more than anything, natural light, maybe a porch to sit on. The two of them dominate the conversation, but when pressed, Cas admits that he’s more interested in the yard, that he thinks it might be nice to try a garden.
” Dean demands. He can’t just leave him like this, not after hearing the word
Castiel isn’t talking, partially because of the uncomfortable sense of discord between them, and partially because he’s still thinking about the
“Dean, it’s alright.” A smile tugs at the corner of Castiel’s mouth. “You came here and found me, and that's enough. I know it’s hard for you to—”
“Cas,” The relief on Dean’s features looks so real. Dean swallows. Castiel watches him suppress a shiver. “Can… can I come in?”
actually suggested I write things down, and I realized it was a good idea. I’m just recording the things that come to mind.”
“--And we can do something about it,” Dean said, summing up anxiously, finally taking a breath. “I can’t sleep at night, Cas. I just keep thinking… someone’s gotta do something, and we
This is a question for another time. Still, despite their condition they’re easy to admire. Any number of words of praise about them rise to his lips, but he stops them before they make it out. Dean doesn’t know much about angel wings, but the way they droop and shudder and shed feathers doesn’t look like what he’d think of as
At first, it was wonderful. The atmosphere inside had been stifling, the sheer
“Well?” Notus says. “If you have an answer for her, give it, killer.”
From there, the fluid summer slows to a trickle, and then begins to dry up.
After all, Cas was the one who drank the stuff in the first place, wasn’t he? Sam was probably right – he knew what he was doing, he did it for a reason, and now Dean’s here, probably screwing everything up.
“Aye, and you’d have been
“There’s nothing, I don’t know,
INSTEAD, YOU MUST TRY TO BE A GOOD MAN.
“What happened?” Sam asks from behind him, as the wind dies down. “Did the angels bless us?”
A broad, grassy meadowland stretches flat and tranquil between farms, and Cas asks Dean to stop.
“And what am I supposed to tell him!?” Dean’s outside his body, watching himself shouting in the doorway now, speaking in a harsh growl-shout, spitting sarcasm, throwing up his hands. “That I’m secretly over eighty but oh, I look great, ‘cause I spent half that time in
Rowena walks him out the road.
Castiel doesn’t have a fed suit, but a shower and shave go a long way, as does Dean’s easy assurance to the coroner that “Agent Sawyer was undercover when he was pulled onto this case, we’re taking it very seriously.” He nods while he says it, and the man behind the desk mirrors the gesture, and just like that, he’s accepting the story.
Castiel took his first breath, a deep inhale of dusty, rainy air, and everything was so frenetic from that moment that it was as though he didn’t let it out for half a year.
Something about the smile that accompanied those last few words was contagious. Dean was giving Castiel a kind of freedom and space he’d never really known. After a moment’s thought, he chose: “Emmanuel.”
There are too many of them.
Satisfied that he’d done his best to correct his unfortunate sartorial condition, Castiel looked up. Somehow he hadn’t realized just how close they were standing – close enough to practically count the man’s freckles.
“Ssshh!” Someone hissed.
the one who dresses like Vanna White.”
“It feels... good,” Cas sighs. He slumps forward, until he’s bent down enough to rest his forehead on Dean’s shoulder.
“No dice, I’m guessing.”
Dean pries into Cas’ mouth with his tongue and draws a low hum from Cas. In turn, Cas’ fingertips dig into Dean’s upper arm, probably leaving bruises in the same place he once left a handprint. Thinking about
This won’t be like that, he promises himself.
The eyebrows go down, and then up, and there’s a head-tilt that makes Dean feel like not that much has changed after all, but Cas doesn’t say anything.
After a pitcher of brightly-colored cocktails, Rowena waxes poetic about Crowley, and gets a faraway look when she says, “I didn't get it at first, because I only knew him after it was already underway. Used to think it was strange, what happened to him, but now I realize... it’s not. It was inevitable, from the day he crossed paths with you. I don’t mean to be cruel, you understand, it’s just… a truth. . You happened to him, like you happened to Castiel. Like dye in the water. Nothing’s the same color after it touches you.”
“The way mother Eos used to do,” says Notus with satisfaction.
“They hate music, any kind. You ain’t gotta be any good – I’m sure as hell not,” Dean said with a conspiratorial smirk, which gave Castiel a shot of warmth through his chest despite disagreeing entirely with the premise that the singing was poor. “Just sing any old thing and they’ll usually run for the hills, long as you’re above-ground. Doesn’t
it feels like he’s getting a little of himself back.
“Sam!” Dean calls over the growing storm.
situation and they don’t have to talk about it. It’s not
“Curse box,” Cas croaks. “Contain as much grace as we can. Loose feathers. ...It’s... evaporating.”
Trapped. He was trapped. He could see them cresting the edge of the slope, closing in. Turnip landed at Castiel’s feet and let herself be gathered into his arms as he prepared to tell her to flee. He'd draw his blade and fight, as well as he was able for as long he could. He'd hold them off, and Turnip could fly away.
style?”
and a shock-wave precisely into the space where he’d been standing.
“Lady,” Dean says without any respect at all, for which Castiel shoots him a glare. It doesn’t help. “I saw his victims with my own eyes. Lungs all full of willow leaves. You tell me if that sounds like his M.O. or not.”
Castiel does not conceal the note of frustration in trying to use this language, and this
Dean isn’t sure if wants to scold them, or join them, but every time he starts in on it being
“I think we should split up to look for him,” Castiel whispers.
Notus titters, clearly flattered to have been recognized.
"I'll see you soon, I think." He muttered grimly to Hannah under his breath as he adjusted his grip on the silver handle.
There is no struggle with recall, this time. Castiel knows quite a few of these guests on sight. It’s fortunate that they’d likely have no way of recognizing
At the time, Dean had been confident, but then came Abaddon and her army, complete with machine guns. Whatever Dean was considering
When he blinks, he sees a flash of an image:
“The angel’s clearly in a male vessel, no wonder the text is anonymous, back then he’d probably have gotten in a lot of trouble—”
Liftoff.
“Yes. I’ll be human after -- permanently. There’s no road back after this… procedure. But I’ll live, probably.”
When he realized how fast the water was coming out, suddenly he
Dean takes the time to examine the hairs on Cas’ arm, softer and lighter than the hair on his head, and he enjoys the little shiver he elicits when he strokes the crook of Cas’ elbow. He’s seen more of Cas-in-short-sleeves in the past week or so than in the
Cas glares daggers at her, but he does, in fact, take a card. He also takes a drink, in accordance with the rules of Drink And Go Fish, a game Dean invented, though he’s fairly certain he’s far from the first to come up with it.
it to me. I mean, I was
“Sam?” Dean’s gaze is wild with flickering disbelief, the first place it lands is on Sam, scanning for signs of damage. “You uh… good?”
No, it isn’t – it’s about Cas. It’s Cas’ hallucination, it’s how
time that Dean kisses Cas right out in public, where anybody can see, but it’s almost definitely in the first ten times or so. He’s not
He talks through his reasoning and his plans.
Jody is unmoved. “Yeah,” she says, nodding a little. “Yeah. That. That stuff. You tell him that stuff.”
The first wing is done in a flash. Once it all gets started, the bright line appears just as Cas said, and Dean doesn’t hesitate. A single long, firm slash completes the cut that started from inside. It’s like scoring glass. The wing comes away, and Dean has to grab it from below to move it out of their space. For a moment, Cas’ back is searing, molten with light.
AM! He never thought he'd be so pleased to see those two little letters.
“There is
and the regret, I just… I thought—Cas, I’m not gonna be stupid again. It means something to say it, maybe just to me, but… I
it?” Dean tastes the gin on his own breath when he laughs, and reaches for the whiskey bottle to take a swig that’ll drown it out with a more familiar flavor. The first swig doesn’t quite do it, so he tries a second, which is more successful.
A tiny bit of the glowing mist eddied around her in a whirlpool shape, as she pulled a large stone off of Cas’ body and knelt down next to him. She looked so solid, so present, nothing at all like before.
Rowena chides.
“He looks to be gathering firewood,” Dean says. “Who is he?”
perhaps, or
“I knew you couldn’t stay away long,” Rowena says through her smile. It was a long and twisted road that brought her here, much of it she keeps hidden even now, even from Castiel, but here she is regardless, from the day she appeared mysteriously at Sam’s wake in 2056 all the way to this day. She is seemingly untouched by the years, but for a little more fullness for her dresses to cling to, a little softness around the angles that were once so sharp. Her smiles are easier now, if haunted beneath the surface. “Is everything alright?”
alone at the table.
Dean wants to press him for what’s happening, but it’s no use. Cas’ won't answer, his mouth is occupied. He’s leaning forward in spasms, coughing, and doing something that isn’t
Rowena stirs, and Cas wanders out through the kitchen in bare feet in time to get the news.
A little excess grace bleeds away into the waiting curse box, but most of it goes to heal the place where the wing was removed. When the light on his body goes out, the soft glow from the open box on the floor illuminates a vast red scar, the skin swollen and shiny like it was burned. Conservation of mojo, most likely -- not healing it all the way, just to “stable” to make sure there’s enough left for round two.
The look on Sam’s face makes him regret giving voice to that thought. Sam, for all the strength and resilience that Dean admires in him, has never done well with the idea of meaninglessness. He can sense Sam’s itch to get in the car and go, to drive right back to that damn cemetery and swing that iron post until he goes down fair and square, fighting his knowledge that it just isn’t the most efficient use of his time. On his face is a strange variety of fear, a new type of fear, that Dean’s never seen on him before.
"You sure you don't need anybody to go with you?" Sam worried in the door-frame. "Things can get kind of hairy this time of night."
Dean’s hands travel naturally to Cas’ waist, and then to his back. He stops, realizing he’s close to the new scars, and he gets use of his mouth again long enough to ask, “Should I avoid, uh--”
“Great, Just great. This just gets better and better,” Dean complains under his breath.
“I uh--” He starts.
Dean put one hand on Castiel’s shoulder, bracing himself through a couple more waves of cackling, and the mirth was contagious, even if Castiel wasn’t quite as demonstrative about it. When Dean pulled himself up again, they both realized how close they were standing, almost nose to nose. Castiel’s eyes landed on Dean’s, after making a brief stop at Dean’s lips – slightly parted.
“Probably,” Sam affirms loudly, and Dean hears the clatter as the thing lands in the metal bin. “But we might want to run it past Cas when he gets back, just to be sure. Are you sure it wasn't attached to anything? It looked like a lid or a tray or something. Why would someone just curse a plank of wood?"
“Cas--”
like the shit he got his hide tanned for being caught with back in the day, and it doesn’t take him very long at all to realize just how right he was about it being
Chuck want?” Cas wonders, voice drier than the desert, as dry as an alien planet baked eternally by the sun. His jaw is set and there’s mischief in the way his eyes narrow, and the overall effect makes Dean’s heart beat like a trapped fly smashing itself against a window.  “For us to pine, miserably, desperately, in secret? Haven’t we spent
Anna also turned out to be quite the diplomat -- The strategic mind she’d honed as a warrior proved no less useful in peaceful negotiations surrounding the changed economy.
Even from this distance, the man was stunning.
when the word
In a moment, and a couple of wingbeats, Castiel had joined him there.
The entire campfire set up singing:
“About that,” said Dean. “Is it true, that you were – that you thought you’d always be alone?”
“What do you mean, what do I – ”
"Well, that was my first thought, too," said Sam. "But then they recovered a body."
“Yeah, well, I’d like to be sure we’re sure.”
“From you?” asked Sam. “What the hell does that mean?”
his fantasy.
Cas looked around the diner, then up at the ceiling for some reason.
Greece, they say, is blue, and white.
“You are my Eden, Dean,” he said.
Dean thought.
Castiel longed to be the one to -
" the other guy said. "You seen any angels around lately?"
I never
Castiel looked at him and shrugged.
“Your
to leave his brother alone while he went on a rescue mission to find his angel?
“I didn’t tell him where you were,” Castiel told Dean, voice choked with tears. “I didn’t tell him, Dean.”
Castiel looked like he was wrestling with his desire to hear the story’s ending and following the letter of the law.
he heard the voice loud and clear.
Then he said:
“All that I have will be yours.”
Castiel just stared at him.
"You have an odd way of making light of serious things."
Dean felt like he had already experienced gift enough, and so pushed the angel’s hands away, shaking his head.
He did not wait to see Dean's wakening, and made himself scarce before the light of day had touched his charge's rumpled bedspread.
Castiel glanced away from him for the first time, and looked out toward the sea.
Castiel, who he apparently could have had all those years ago.
There was a fondness in him that Dean suspected Castiel could feel.
"Besides, I kinda like your over-enthusiasm."
A man afraid of flying is usually also a man afraid of fairground rides in my opinion.
“These are my parishioners. Therefore, it
"I can't believe we're going to work with
“The point is, Cas,” said Dean, smiling into the kiss, “I figured some shit out. Now let’s go get my little brother and kick your big brother’s ass.”
"You laugh and you call me a fool, but that's the one thing I know is the truth," said Pasion with confidence. "I say, more fools, all of you, and may Zeus strike you down as the unbelievers you are."
Castiel guarded his time with Dean jealously, and no more so than now, when he had the man to himself.
But he didn’t want to let on to his brother how worried he was about their angel pal.
“Why?” he demanded of Dean. “Why would you do this terrible thing? Just when we were – ”
“See you soon,” said Castiel in a low growl.
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad.
And for the first time in ages, Dean felt
Sam was right.
But my own private arrogance –
Gabriel clapped Castiel on the shoulder.
Paul Bunyan, and his strong blue ox.
Lights drifted around him that reminded him of fireflies.
Strange, having so much downtime, and then using it to write these ridiculous things :)
on your life. It’s safe to say this is pretty serious.”
want to know – ”
Somehow, the sheer insanity of that matched the sheer insanity he was currently undergoing.
"That's quite all right, sir."
“I apologize for Pasion,” he said. “But what can one do?”
Sam, on the other hand, was hard to pin down.
“Or you mean to this, this person, the – the waterfall?” Dean persisted. “Hate to break it to ya, Cas, but I don’t think he’s coming back.”
y'know?
Dean sighed.
Castiel listened as Dean’s heavy boots clumped up the stairs to his room – a likely location for Castiel to be, considering that Dean had somehow sussed out that he could see through the persianas in his bedroom.
“You are most welcome,” he said. “And, for what it’s worth, Dean, I’d like you to stay on this plane of existence. I think I’d miss you very much.”
Then, he hauled Dean up, so that Castiel was crouching now, thrusting up into him, his arms wrapped tightly around Dean and one hand over Dean's eyes.
Nearby, there is a crash-landed angel (or 'flying being') on one of the buildings, and it served as the inspiration for this story.
"Take it out," said Castiel, and Dean reached down to undress him as Castiel moved his hand, and pressed a finger into Dean.
He felt like such a heel.
“Maybe I am.”
Then he turned toward Sam.
“Sometimes you get hangups, okay?”
"I see those thoughts filling up your heads," Tildy said, laughing. "You'll be welcome here, don't you worry."
“Welcome to – for want of a better term – America’s Valhalla.”
Dean didn’t ask; he was almost
"Dean, this is Michael, Naomi, Ishim, and an associate of ours, Felipe," said Castiel.
“Sam,
And these are the creatures we were meant to bow down to? Face it Dean, he wants you because you’re a vessel. A
a world where the bond of brothers band of brothers become the thwarting of apocalypse;
He decided to follow his usual instincts and throw caution to the wind.
“Your soul. It sought me out. We – we seek each other out. I don’t know how long it will last.”
"I'd like a word with you outside," he said.
"I know what will quiet that mouth."
But then, Castiel had always known this about Dean – a hard outer shell only to protect what was soft and vulnerable inside.
"Hell," he said. "Maybe? I was sure as hell a lot braver in those days. But man, Cas! We coulda stopped
Dean sighed, and let it ring.
“Why not? I think it’s important. And you said it’s been happening to you. I mean, fighting vampires? Those aren’t even real, Dean.”
“I will. I know it’s important to you.”
Dean, standing near the doorway, breathed out:
“Don’t you think you should be asking
“I’m gonna get some shut-eye while you do. Before I go get some sleep, though, I wanted to show you something.”
Dean blinked.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was always perfect.
But eventually, he withdrew, and they both made a sad little sound at the loss of their union, as Castiel fell back onto the bed, sweaty and spent, staring up at the ceiling.
Suddenly, in a rush, memories poured into him, filling him up.
"D'you think Chuck wrote - " Sam began.
“What did you two lunkheads do now?”
One day, Dean was ribbing him, and Castiel said:
"Forever," he said. "And even longer than that."
He turned to stone, as his wings flared out, and he was still.
“Why didn’t you?” asked Castiel.
" Sam reminded him. "You didn't get to stay the night together?"
“The old question of
"To the ends of the earth and back again. The heavens too, if it came to that."
“Hot chocolate sounds awesome.”
slithering and strange, because one of Castiel’s hands was around his dick and the other holding him up, feeding that oil into his mouth and making him stupid with desire, so –
"Well I think I have
Dean tossed the rag he had been holding.
"I know," said Dean, eyes drifting closed, fascinated by Castiel's lips on his skin, every time like the first time.
'Bitter as blood' is from my favorite destiel song and also favorite love song of all time,
(See the end of the chapter for
Then, like a quarter making its way through an ancient vending machine, a memory fell into his mind with a
In all his eternal life, he had never been so excited for nightfall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s not the issue at hand,” Sam pressed on. “Sure, maybe it’s a prank – if so, a scary one, and your security needs to be upped anyway if it’s that easy to get a bead on you. But if it’s not…”
A man stepped out of the Cadillac, and regarded them while leaning on his staff.
All that power, the erosion of time, that intensity from a creature who had been created to love, perhaps the outcome was inevitable.
“Bringing them food, all right? That okay with you, padre?”
It was
“Please go away.”
"Yes, Dean?"
“Just – when was it built?”
"Yes, that's it,
Castiel inclined his head.
He could hear the clock on the wall, ticking down time that didn’t exist.
“New rule. Silence in the car.”
“I know it is like to nothing of his probable value, as your Helen of Troy,” Castiel said, “but it is all that I own, and as the Christ tells us, that places the more value upon it. I guarantee that I will caretake of him as none would, be they the richest of all his suitors.”
"Freedom."
“Screw it,” he said. “I can do research myself.”
Making Dean feel like he’d somehow failed in his duties as a big brother, when he’d first noticed Sam had gone missing and he’d torn apart the town they were in at the time looking for the kid.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, yes,” said Castiel. “It was feeling jealous so I was comforting it.”
Dean’s jaw dropped and his hips stuttered.
"Good," Castiel purred, trying to keep himself under control and not handling it well at all. "Undress, and get on your hands and knees on the bed."
- what's what about?" asked Castiel, taking a step back.
Try as he might, he still couldn’t imagine Castiel sleep-heavy with mussed hair, or wearing anything apart from the same blue suit and blue tie. He must wear something else to bed, Dean reasoned, but he just couldn’t see it.
“You didn’t answer the question.”
Dean closed his eyes. He had worked
“I’m a warrior.”
experienced, and I highly recommend.
In one of the grand old hotels where no one would remark a gentleman travelling with his personal valet, Dean opened the door to lavish rooms complete with leather furniture, bookcases, and windows overlooking the City.
“And anyway, what the fuck, Sam? We’re not here to kill him.”
“Hot chocolate okay?”
“Because he’s the self-hating angel of Thursday, or some shit,” said Dean, wondering where that phrase had come from.
A man poked his head through an archway of the building, most of which was open to the air.
Like an answer, all in one.
Dean turned to Castiel.
"Cas. Daylight's wastin'," said Dean, and wiggled his ass enticingly.
I hope you are all doing as well as can be expected and staying safe out there.
- and yet it settled in his mind as if it had always been there.
, some long-ago soldier had said of him.
Dean was utterly
“I don’t know, it just…looked cool? Plus there was a -really good deal. Ah,
Castiel smiled, a little.
"As you wish, sir," he said.
Cas’s number, too.
When Castiel broke this news about what he had been planning, Dean hadn't exactly been polite about the outcome.
and Dean was going to interrogate him.
The case, such as it was, happened to be at a truck stop.
And he couldn't spend the winter in the car.
But by who?
“I, too, beloved.”
“Cas.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes.
, the one that made him thrash around when the finality of death would strike him out of the blue –
“Maybe some other time.”
being stuck in places, like airplanes or holes in the ground.
“They had a goal in mind, and would do anything to achieve it,” said Castiel. “Not a one of them believed it, you know.”
And as always, there’s a Dean or Cas out there for all of us, for all of you, somewhere. I wish for you to find him or her or a place or whatever form this love takes:
Castiel's eyes were wide and blue, matching their surroundings perfectly.
"Goodness gracious!" she said. "My! Well! You had better come in out of the rainy wet!"
Besides. Ain’t like it’d be my first time.”
“What can I get for you, Sam?” Castiel called.
"Not of his own volition, sir," said Castiel. "I take it you found the colonies less than enjoyable?"
“You don’t love me. Not like I love you.”
He closed his eyes.
that strange spark, where the room suddenly seemed close and heavy and full of promise.
However, Epaminodus took fifty of the Theban men and put them on the left flank.
But there was something in his expression, in the way he looked at Dean, that said otherwise.
He found his target.
“See ya.”
“Holy
I am a former feral child. It took me many years to begin to understand social mores, understanding, etc. I have gone through everything and anything you can imagine a locked-up child has experienced. Yes, even that, whatever it is you're thinking. In fact, it is highly unlikely that you can imagine all of it, because the sick twistedness of it is beyond the imagination of most sane people, such as extreme torture. I once called an anonymous counseling line to talk about my experiences, and it made the counselor on the other end so sick I had to call him back after a couple of hours so he could pull himself together - and I hadn't even finished the story. I, and the others who were there (I was not the only one, boys & girls were both there) suffered things I've never heard or seen outside a courtroom setting.
Castiel breathed out, and Dean caressed the top of a wing, watching as Castiel's eyes, on his halo and on his wings, followed him.
“Not like that. The one with the tree.”
It began to rain, then, and Castiel got bolder.
“Oh, Dean,” he said. “I love you so much.”
“What is it?”
Miss Morris snorted.
Castiel smiled a little.
Dean watched her walk away, a little twitch in her hips, swaying – maybe for his benefit, maybe not.
Unfortunately, he was alone here on Earth. He had made his choice a long time ago.
“Like hell I will!” Sam said, shaking him hard again. “You were comatose, Dean! I couldn’t get you – hey, where are you going!”
at you."
He gathered him up into a hug, and Sam did the same likewise.
“Monsters?” he repeated faintly.
“It’s nicer here than it is there.”
"It's real," he said softly. "All of it, Dean. At least from my end."
Dean shouted, grabbed every pillow he could find to put over his aching crotch, which wasn’t very many because let’s be real, this was a motel, not the kind of place with a lot of extra in the pillow department.
The electronics store seemed dim and dull after the bright whites and golds and sunlight on the clouds of Heaven.
He shrugged his jeans on.
Leaning back with a sigh, as the intensely sugary chocolate flavor and cream settled on his tongue, Dean lost himself in an idle fantasy about Cas, as seemed to be a recent habit.
Sam picked up his burger again, but he didn’t stop smiling.
“Dean.”
his cock pulsing deep inside Dean, filling Dean, marking him, undeniable possession and obsession;
“Returned from the war.”
“That’s…holy shit, Cas. We gotta do something. Now!”
He kissed like there was no one else in the world but Dean.
Dean rolled over to look at Castiel.
“It sure as hell is. I wonder if we can move here.”
"No worries at all, sir!" said Garth cheerily. "Just passing through, I'll be on my way then, jolly good, eh?"
Then he handed the phone back.
Later, because they were apparently going on parade.
It took Dean's breath away.
"See?" Samuel demanded, fierce and true. "You said I wasn't a hunter anymore, that I'd gone soft. But I've been keeping an eye on the situation. Lore isn't entirely useless."
Castiel was exhausted and aching, although most of his ordeal had only happened in his own mind.
Now that he had him here, he was at a complete loss as to what to do with him.
“After this,” Sam said, more gently this time. “I think you need to talk to Castiel. And I mean, really
Still, the anticipation for the way it would make him feel made him intensely aware of everything; Castiel's position in the room, the air moving across his bare skin.
“Some angel.”
Dean made a wounded, desperate sound, and pushed his face into Castiel’s hand like a cat seeking affection.
"Got in a - a fight with Sam," he informed Castiel, who turned away as Dean began to remove his clothing. "Kid doesn't understand anything. Sheltered, thinking about gettin' married, about education. Guess I only got myself to blame. An' he hasn't taken
“No, not really,” Dean admitted. “But you and I know that it’s not always easy to tell.”
"Sorry, lad, yer man made me do it," Colin said, making himself scarce.
“Yes,” Castiel said, because it made the most sense. “I’ve lived here all my life. Did you enj – did you see the ringing of the bells?”
He felt
he looked up, but she was gone.
"Yes," whispered Dean, so low even Dean wasn't sure he had heard himself say it.
“Indeed,” he said, and laughed high and quick. “Indeed.”
“What I don’t understand,” he said slowly, “is why we were both so effected but you were not.”
"Yes, well, I'm an angel, and I will heal him."
The cool mist off the sea envigorated him like coffee never could.
“Yes please,” said Dean. “Pick it up with a rag or something. If it’s magic, I don’t know how it works. Don’t touch it directly.”
” Castiel said, batting it away, “
“About that,” he said.
As he got his shit together, a looming circle with two bright blue triangle shapes he supposed must be eyes came closer.
“Actually, you’re probably right about that.”
"Do I really have to, Cas?"
“Then I will stay at the back, and be out of your hair. You won’t even know I’m here.”
," he explained to his irreverent dick sadly.
He could have explained the wings.
He reminded himself sternly of the multiple stories of weeping serving girls watching their upper-class lovers married off, of hushed pregnancies, of workers sent away, of the usual detritus of a romantic entanglement between classes in this fashion.
Sam had always been way too perceptive.
was pouring through him like a flood, although it was nowhere near bedtime and he had no outward evidence of withdrawals from whatever had been in the syringe.
“Fine.”
He never thought he would see it again.
Castiel shook his head.
“Hell no,” said Dean cheerfully. “Finders keepers. I’ve prayed to you.”
The pool was surrounded by palms. Dean rubbed the pads of his fingertips over the jade-green tiles, wide and asymmetrical, marbled with white, easily fascinated by the texture and the uneven surface it provided.
and discarded beer bottles cigarette butts and grass in gravel lots
He blew out a breath.
“Pray give me a moment with Dean?” asked Pasion. “Worry not, I shall return him to you in a moment.”
“It might sound stupid, but it’s deadly serious, monsters don’t often work together in this way.”
God, he didn’t know what he’d expected.
"Why? You miss me?"
Despite all his arguments to the contrary, Castiel found that he still couldn't say no.
"Another wingprint in ash," he said. "This lady found it."
He stayed inside Dean.
After several hours and no results later, Sam collapsed onto the hotel bed in frustration.
“Sir?”
Castiel, for his part, was held taut and aching, his cock weeping precome and his back the same, rivulets coursing down his spine to pool and drip onto the bed beneath him.
Something about saying it, maybe about the situation, made him shiver with want.
"Hey!" Dean complained.
“Hey, are you guys even listening to me?” asked Sam, which was a rhetorical question, because of course they weren’t.
"Was this Hyacinth handsome?" called out someone from the crowd.
” he said, with appropriate reverence, dropping his gaze to the bed.
kissing her!" Dean pointed at Bess. "Don't even think of protecting her from me."
to it?”
"Is your full name Castiel?"
“I’m sorry, Dean,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Understood,” Sam told him.
“Look, I’ve let myself get, uh, distracted too,” said Dean. “I should’ve been taking this more seriously from the start. And not taking you for granted.”
Dean rolled down the window and called out:
The thought crashed through his mind as he beheld Castiel, all blue eyes and rumpled trenchcoat.
He could have said or done countless –
“Yeah well, joke’s on you,” Dean said through gritted teeth. “I fuckin’
Perfect obedience and submission.
Rain fell against the window as he looked out over dark, gloomy London in the grey.
Castiel told him that he would eventually figure out how to make healthier options, but for the time being this was all he could do.
“It’s beautiful,” Sam told him.
"It was just nice, okay, to think - there were other people out there, doin' the same job as us! Or close enough. People who cared. The government, I don't know. Made me feel less - "
“If you think this is about me hurting you or slapping you around, then you’d better think again. That’s not why I mentioned it.”
when Castiel spoke again.
doing here?"
by Ray Bradbury, and was part of the inspiration behind the
and a life, in a car, kind of endless.
"Those are also outlines."
Castiel looked at him with a measure of gratefulness Dean had never seen before.
sir," he snapped. "A public display of affection for you makes you an outrageous eccentric. It makes
“Beg for it.”
“I’m glad you think so,” said Castiel.
The air was fresh and cold.
Dean, anyway.
“Messenger,” Dean said, with reverence and relief. “Castiel. I remember.”
“That stakes are useless against vampires.”
'lover with his hand on the latch' is from the Song of Songs, which comes up frequently in stories I write about these two.
“Fine. But no fucking full-time bodyguard, all right? I’d still like to take shits and shower in peace, since everything else about my life is on a plate for you weasels, and for those wolves out there with their fucking cameras.”
“Cas,” Dean said quietly. “You wanna explain this to me?”
There was a swimming pool near the bower.
But when he looked in the rearview mirror, the man had vanished.
Technically, they would've also sung the song about John Henry upon his mention, either when he first appeared or when he was named, but that would've been a distraction from the story in this format. John Henry's song can be a worksong or a ballad; notable performers of it include Johnny Cash and Harry Belafonte.
Then he spread his arms.
Sam flinched a little. Dean didn’t often bring up their past. Better to move ahead into the future, like putting miles between themselves and it.
They stood in the map room, alone.
Castiel's patience ran out, and he pulled his hand away after ensuring that Dean would feel no pain before he shoved into him with a single, powerful thrust.
“A monster,” said Castiel, and kissed him.
Dean couldn't have stopped her if he'd tried. She was like a sunny, relentlessly cheerful force of nature.
Maybe they did, and Cas was going to punish him for his obstinacy by making this last forever.
Castiel stood stock-still and stared at him.
“Pasion!” reprimanded Heracles. “And on such a day!”
Castiel, lost, screamed at the ceiling.
He then tried to concentrate very hard –
He never could have guessed just
Dean didn’t know much about angelic culture; maybe he hadn’t.
Then he turned back to Sam, clapping his hands.
The sound of water dripping.
Dean could feel his cheeks heat.
"Yes, sir," he said meekly, and Castiel's self control completely snapped.
"Castiel," said Garth, smiling in that familiar way he had, "I don't know a lot for certain. But the one thing I do know is that he'll say yes - and that you want him to."
A few weeks ago, I was out in the sticks driving on county highways. A truck slowed down to a near-stop in front of me and waved out the window – I thought he was waving me on, so I passed around him, since there was nobody else around on this road. We’re talking out there going from one small town to another, mostly forest and farmland.
Here in this garden, he was Castiel’s paradise.
" hissed Sam.
Then he stood up, and clapped a friendly hand on Castiel's shoulder.
Castiel recognized the iron scent of blood – his own.
But no – they still hunted monsters together, slept in motels, stayed in the bunker, did research. Nothing much had changed, apart from far too many apology salads for Sam having to put up with their crap for several lifetimes.
"There's gotta be another explanation."
“But – ”
Dean closed his eyes against the soft, tempting reassurance of Castiel's voice.
Dean,
And then Dean was there, with him, somehow, they were on a secluded beach wrapped around with palms, and Dean was
him.”
Dean gripped the mug handle.
The song
“I’m not sure that’s wise,” he said.
And despite their situation, despite the fact that Castiel was the dominant person here, Dean got the sense that he was holding himself back -
But he got himself out of the situation faster than entirely necessary, nearly falling on the floor in his hurry to get out of the bed and away from these strange thoughts about his best friend.
"Sir, I must ask you to wait here -"
“Worse than Jefferson Starships?”
"Indeed, Samuel. What is it?"
It was the first thing he thought of upon waking, and the last, when he went to sleep.
Then he winked, and made himself scarce.
Dean found himself breathless.
The Battle of Leuctra was an important one in Greek history - and in gay history, which is often tarpapered over, much like women's history, and should not be forgotten. Until the Battle of Leuctra, people saw Sparta as invincible, unconquerable, until the Sacred Band of Thebes broke their supremacy over the nation. This incident is unique in military history as one that used the phalanx in an entirely new way. The best thing to do in any fight is the unexpected - this is why tactics/strategy matters far more than apparent brute strength, and also why Castiel fascinates as a character, brains and brawn are a lethal combination.
at him.
"Ah, that explains everything," said Heracles. "Well, I should hope that you will invite me to your ceremony, when you get around to it. Now I must be off, we will have weapons practice in the morning and he needs to get some rest."
He'd never been so happy. Or content.
"I had never seen anything so beautiful as you."
Dean panted out a breath.
The other door of the Impala creaked open and Sam unfolded himself like a kid’s Kinex toy.
“The hell I will,” Castiel heard Dean mutter behind him.
"Madriax, you said? Where the hell did you get that from anyway?"
Then he made an imperious gesture.
asked his treacherous thoughts.
Dean recoiled.
“Are you Spanish?” Dean asked.
“Maybe
He pointed up at a nearby building where light could be seen through the balcony doors.
“Cas,
“But never been here, I suppose?” asked Johnny Appleseed.
And Cas’s big blue eyes, wide and startled in the sun striping him from the blinds, and his full, gorgeous lips parting around his name:
“You mean this
He rounded on Dean, whose face was blank with terror, and bore down upon him like a storm.
She gave him a salacious grin.
Quite out of sorts, Castiel entered the kitchens under a stormcloud.
“Wait!” he called after the retreating figure of Castiel, almost tripping over himself as he got his shitkickers on, clambering out the motel in a decidedly ungraceful pursuit of his best friend.
Some nights were like this, a meathook of loneliness dug deep inside what he assumed must be his soul, and pulled.
"There they go," Dean said, grinning and leaning his chin on his hand.
"I'm sorry I let him get the jump on me. I was a little distracted."
“As if you’re human-sized,” muttered Dean. “Maybe it’s a good thing? Maybe they need our help.”
“Fuckin’ great inventions,” said One-Eyed Joe. “Took me 20 dollars to invest in 10 minutes of long-distance time on the payphone back in the day. Couldn’t keep in touch with anybody.”
A rumpled sound and a gust of wind blew the curtains and almost KO’d Dean’s coffee, which he saved just in time.
“Well, how would you feel if one of those girls showed up all of a sudden?”
“Panhandle, or thereabouts,” said the man. “Got work on the railroad, see. Steel drivin' work, good honest labor. Eventual destination's a little further east.”
“I’m in a motel,” he told Dean, sitting stiffly on the bed.
for fuck’s sake, which he’d frankly never be able to hear again without some visceral reaction –
He was determined to return to the waterfall, and if need be, to find a way beyond it.
Only now, Dean began to wonder if he hadn’t meant someone
And Castiel finally, finally sheathed his cock into Dean, inch by agonizing inch, until he was fully seated.
Dean, reduced to a wretched, begging mess as Castiel brought him to the edge again, and again, and once more, until any and every touch was overstimulation, and Castiel's indulgent smile when Dean screamed and came all over himself, messy and wet and perfect.
Cas looked terrified, intrigued, turned on.
"This was
"Are you - what?" Dean folded and then threw his napkin down on the table and stood up. "Excuse me, Samuel."
"Cas, you think of everything," Dean said, lifting his glass in a mock-toast and letting the bubbles tickle his nose.
Sam gave him the All Knowing Eye and Dean relented.
"Find out what?"
There was a period when I was living on nothing but cheez whiz and ritz crackers because that was all I could afford. Perversely this tends to end up giving you cravings for it afterwards. I noticed this with anything that I ended up living off of for extended periods of time while starving.
“Wow, really? Thanks!” said Sam, all smiles.
“What does that mean?”
“A man can dream,” sniffed Fisherman.
“That’s quite enough out of you,” said Castiel.
"Words, please," he said. "I need a verbal response from you."
. Cared about Dean’s welfare.
Getting stuck in one place.
"Will you put some clothes on
If Sam stayed away long enough, Dean wondered how long anyone would take to notice he was gone.
“And this is why this plan ain’t gonna work,” he mumbled to himself as he cleaned up. “Guy can’t deal with the most human shit possible, how’s he gonna pass himself off as me?”
“Very well. You killed the one I loved, so I kill the one
"Education," Dean said. "Teach me."
Dean only wished he felt the same way.
“Looking like they’re coming along nicely,” he said.
Dean belatedly realized he ought to do the same.
Dean had a few questions, the primary one was
and left Dean reeling.
Suddenly Benny was crowding him against the shelves.
“No,” said Castiel. “Although I appreciate the offer to beat up a plane of existence on my behalf, I don’t think you need to be jealous.”
“And then!” Sam went on. “I started asking questions. Like. What’s the name of this city?”
“Oh,” he said. “You already have.”
perhaps.
He really needed to blow off some steam, and then thought,
expanded to billions upon billions,
“Oh,” he said.
you,” said Castiel mournfully, lifting his hand to heal the bruises blooming on Dean’s skin.
He raised his hands toward the ceiling.
“That’s true, but angels can be…manipulative, to get what they want,” said Castiel. “Follow the law to the letter but not the spirit.”
An addiction would be better than this, he thought.
“Come, Dean,” Castiel growled. “We have much to discuss.”
Dean stepped forward.
Safety. Trust. Love.
“Oh, no,” he said, slow and smooth. “I fully intend to make you work for it, Dean Winchester.”
you?"
And I’m not letting him go without a fight.”
"I'm sorry!" Dean said. "Sir. Sir."
He gave Dean an evaluating once-over.
“And there are plenty more where that came from,” said Dean. “Depending on severity, I mean – it’s just a variation on a theme at the end of the day. And the thing is, not only the people who did it, but the enablers.”
The chef's assistant called again, drawing Castiel away from the forest and the potential he had found there.
“Thanks for your time, padre.”
"I know exactly the kind of thing you're in the middle of," said Dean. "I remember my mid-twenties. Hot girl?"
They went to the rocky inlet beneath the town, where the brutal waves of the Atlantic were interrupted by the curve of the landscape, leaving a placid and beautiful pool.
“Had a hell of a gig a while back, put me up in a fancy place.
“There’s
anything,” said Dean. “I just told you
why you were such a horndog?" asked Sam.
Dean shook his head, ridding it of cobwebs, and went back to his thoughts.
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, waving a dismissive hand, getting back onto the bed. “You let me know when you can pencil me in.”
"So angels aren't fallen permanently?"
"Summertime?" Dean suggested. "I assume the locals aren't so worried about the cold."
Just – ”
"I'll just, uh," said Sam, "let you two get decent. But I think this warrants a discussion."
but Dean was an absolute mess, chasing that high, moaning uncaring now because he knew who was listening on the other side.
"You're one to talk."
The man gave him a strange look, and then turned to look at his surroundings.
Dean didn't know, exactly, what he meant by that.
Dean looked down at his plate. It was empty, and he was full.
Maybe it's my years drifting, but this will never make much sense to me. I have seen humanity in all its iterations, mainly without the shackles of society, and I am here to tell you that
