“Don’t know,” Dean replied honestly. “But better to have them on hand just in case.” Sam nodded and went inside. Dean heaved a sigh. “Come on, Cass,” he said lifting the angel into his arms and shutting the car door with his foot. “Let’s get you inside.”
Castiel sighed. “I’m tired.”
“Okay, good. Don’t start anything without me.”
It didn’t matter, though. Castiel could read Dean like book, even without looking into his mind. Over six years they had known each other, six years to learn mannerisms, the minute details that revealed their emotions, the physical manifestations of their inner thoughts.
“I have to use the bathroom.”
Dean looked up from his coffee. “Do you want me to?”
“Yea,” Sam said before hanging up.
Castiel shook his head very slowly.
“Two more,” Dean replied, handing the other cup to Cass. The fallen angel sighed, shivered, and drank the cups Dean had made while Castiel took his bathroom trip. He swallowed two more pills and ate a few more pretzels before beginning to nod off again. Dean settled Castiel flat against the bed and moments later Castiel was asleep again.
drink this.” Castiel blinked, looking at Dean a moment before letting the hunter slip the rim of the cup over his lower lip. Castiel swallowed a few times before the cup was removed. “Here, swallow these.”
“Cass. You’re okay. You’re in the Bunker. I’ve got you. I’m right here. Come back, buddy. Come on back.”
“Cass, you okay?” Sam asked, seeing the blood all over Castiel. The angel stayed silent, panting instead.
His pocket buzzed as the ringtone for his cell sounded. Dean woke with a start before pulling the phone from his pocket, his jacket falling to the ground. “Hello.”
“I got it,” Dean sighed, tipping the pills in Castiel’s mouth and slipping the last of the drink to chase them.
“Cass,” Dean breathed. He took a breath, gathering his courage, letting himself feel what he had kept hidden by fear and stubbornness. Dean moved forward, cupping Castiel’s chin with a curled finger, forcing him to look up. Bright green met cloudy blue. “There will be more times.”
Castiel nodded before his eyes closed. He was snoring a few moments later.
Dean glanced at the still sleeping Castiel before standing. He pulled the curtains from window and went outside, watching Cass through it as he spoke. “Castiel’s sick. Like 111-degree-fever-and-couldn’t-stand-up sick.”
Dean settled into the chair across from the bed and threw his jacket over himself.
“Stay with me Cass,” Dean said gruffly, hauling him out of the muted pink four-door car and slinging an arm around the fallen angel’s waist. Castiel barely stayed on his feet, swaying. Dean took a step and Castiel’s forehead pressed against Dean’s neck. “Geez Cass, you’re burning up.”
“Nothing,” Castiel said quickly, blushing and staring at his food.
For a full minute the two merely looked at each other, silent conversations passed between them. Piercing blue gazed into murky green. Two stubborn beings – each believing themselves unworthy of the other, each vehemently believing the other was far too pure for them, neither understanding why the other didn’t see how incredible they were.
“Thank you,” Castiel said, looking up at Dean.
Castiel nodded slowly, slipping his arm out of the towels to wrap around Dean’s neck. Dean helped him stand and brought him to the bed. Pulling the sheets back, the hunter eased Castiel into the bed, still mostly wrapped in the bedspread and towels. He shifted the sheets over the ill male and pulled the bedspread off the other bed to lay it over Castiel. Settling the fallen angel’s head against the pillow, Dean tucked the covers up to Castiel’s chin. He leaned close to the other male. “Get some sleep Cass, I’ll be here if you need me.”
“I don’t
Dean shifted again, kissing Castiel deeply. The kiss was eagerly returned, and for a moment there was nothing but two men who had finally allowed themselves to love the other fully.
“Dean,” Castiel started and then stopped.
“My throat…”
“I’m sorry.”
“Yea,” Dean sighed. “Dumb question.”
As if he had read Dean’s mind, Castiel pulled away, shifting to sit down on the bed again.
“What does that mean?”
Dean removed his hands from Castiel. Wiping his face with a hand, Dean let out a long sigh. “You gotta stop doing that, Cass.”
Dean had mere seconds to register Castiel’s hand on his shoulder before he was physically turned. Castiel kissed Dean with enough force to push Dean back against the wall. The angel kissed the hunter, trying desperately to wipe out the self -loathing Dean carried with him, draped over him, as familiar and worn as the old army jacket he wore now. Castiel tried to pour all his love into that kiss, tried to say all the unspeakable things, tried to pause time, and make Dean forget the world, his only connection to life being their lips and tongues.
Dean let out a half-amused huff before gripping Castiel tighter. The fallen angel’s knees gave out a second later. Dean heaved him back onto his feet. “Why are you sleeping here Cass? There’s like four motels within two blocks of this place.”
There was a long silence as Castiel swallowed, in obvious pain as he did so. He took another sip from his second cup of the mix before looking up at Dean. “Are…are you going to leave now?”
“I’m ill,” he said. “I will only get you sick as well.”
Castiel realized his stomach did feel empty and nodded. His clothes were stiff from being sweated in and then cooled. He groaned softly as he sat up. While the fever was gone, his throat still pained him and his head began pounding. He felt his full age as he set his feet on the ground.
Dean heaved a breath, looked at his brother and then back at the road. A body appeared in the middle of the road before Dean’s eyes, and his heart leapt into his throat.
Castiel couldn’t believe Michael would want him near Dean after what happened today, but he certainly wasn’t against doing so. He would do anything to help Dean.
He rides his bike back to the house after class and decides to shower before Dean gets back. It seems appropriate for a date. He showers and puts on casual clothes, since their date is somewhat incognito. Once he’s ready, he sits himself on the couch to watch TV until Dean arrives.
“Thanks, Sammy.”
Dean looks at Castiel. “Whoa.”
Castiel took the little jar and added glitter to the highlights of his cheeks.
Once everything was inside, Dean took Claire into the backyard to let her play. He sat in one of the lawn chairs and made multiple phone calls to try and get Claire set up in school. He went with the elementary school Castiel had recommended in the car. It took some back and forth work, but now he had a meeting set up to get Claire registered, so all was settled.
Dean nodded, taking note of the Milton brother’s ages. He knew from Michael’s profile that he was 29, making him about seven years older than Dean.
“Good, not too busy.”
The only words spoken during the car ride are Castiel’s directions back to the house. Once they arrive, they part ways to go to their separate bedrooms without a word about the kiss.
Dean reaches down and grabs the hem of his own shirt, pulling it off over his head. This makes Castiel pause to wait for the shirt to be out of the way before diving back in. Dean’s hands move down to grab at Castiel’s belt, unbuckling it and tossing it aside. He makes quick work of the button and zipper of Castiel’s pants, pushing them down as far as he can.
“God, I didn’t even think about custody.” Dean groaned and ran his hands over his face. “This is going to be a mess.”
Castiel pauses. He didn’t realize how little he had spoken about his parents. “A little, I guess. They’re very religious. They called me their miracle from heaven, since they tried for a baby for years before adopting me.”
“Thank you. That means a lot to hear.” Castiel pauses because their food is arriving.
He kicks with his legs, searching the water for Dean. He doesn’t feel the need to breathe, but he knows Dean will run out of air eventually. Time ticks by as he kicks down deeper into the water. He spots a dark spot in the water off to the side and swims to it. He sees Dean slowly sinking down, completely limp and unconscious. The impact with the water must have been hard enough to knock him out. Castiel grabs him and holds him tightly.
Dean grins and continues his ministrations. He drags his hands through the silky soft feathers, dragging moans from the angel beneath him. He shifts his weight and starts grinding his ass against Castiel. “I’m sure you’re feeling a little pent up from all of this. Why don’t we relieve that?”
Dean blinked in realization and relaxed. He genuinely hadn’t expected it, so it just startled him. He had already mentally prepared himself for this, so it wasn’t a big deal. “Oh, yeah. I guess I just forgot that we can do whatever we want now.” Dean gave Michael a sweet smile and let the alpha undress him.
“No, I’m out to everyone in our group. I just don’t want the embarrassment in case we end up needing to stop or if this doesn’t work. Once we get more serious, we can tell them. But right at the start? I’d rather keep that to ourselves. Is that okay?”
“You sure you’re alright?”
Castiel nodded. “I planted everything, built the gazebo, and helped build the pond. You want to meet the fish?” He walked over to the pond and crouched beside it. Four koi fish swam gracefully through the water. “The one at the back is Anthony, the one with only orange and white is Nemo, the one with more black is Gerard, and the orange one is OJ, like orange juice.”
“Lots of English professors are authors. The professor job provides a steady income while you write.”
Dean scrunched his brows together. “That doesn’t make sense. It’s been less than three weeks.”
Castiel looks at Gabriel. “Why did you bring us here?” He shouts.
Dean’s bedroom door opens and he pokes his head out. He makes eye contact with Castiel and then sees Meg. He looks back at Castiel, his eyes slightly fearful. Castiel knows what Dean is afraid of, so he mouths “I won’t tell her”. Dean nods and ducks back into his room.
Dean sat down and started eating. Jack was a little slower to start, but soon enough he was chowing down. “What did you eat for lunch?”
Castiel reached around to the back of Dean’s neck and slid two fingers behind his collar. “You’re mine, Dean, don’t forget it.”
It was nice outside. The summer night was cool and refreshing from the stuffy interior of the country club. Castiel waited and kept checking the time on his phone. It was taking Dean a while to get out there.
Castiel removed his fingers and moved closer to Dean. “You should be nicer to me.” He reached into his bedside drawers and found a condom. He ripped open the packet and rolled it onto his cock.
“I didn’t, though. It’s another long story. Look, you can’t say that you saw me here today, alright? You’ll put yourself at risk if you do.”
Castiel’s eyes open and meet Dean’s. There’s a moment of silence, and then it happens. Castiel grabs Dean by the hips and flips him over onto the bed, hovering over him with his wings spread out behind him.
Castiel sets his bag on his bed and sits down on it. It’s always strange to be back home after moving out. He certainly didn’t dislike it. His parents were very loving and they always did fun things together. It just felt weird to come back for weeks at a time over the holidays. This next summer, he’d get to live on his own. He was in student housing for his first two years, so he had to move out after Spring semester. The lease on the house lasted all year, so Castiel would get to stay.
Gabriel beamed and held his arms out. “Heya, kiddo!” He hugged Claire as she collided with him. “How are you?”
When it dies down, the memories start flooding back. Castiel takes several deep breaths as he starts to remember everything. He remembers the wars, the millennia of human history, his own defiance, and even Gabriel. He has a different face in Castiel’s memories, but it’s him.
“Very much so. It’s lovely.” Castiel notices that Dean is going to sleep with a hand under his pillow. Part of him wonders if he keeps something under there, but given that Dean hasn’t said anything about it, he assumes it’s nothing.
After some consideration, Dean nods. He knows the implications of going to this guy’s home, and the idea actually excites him instead of terrifying him. “Yeah, it would be. Lead the way.”
Dean leans back in the booth seat. “That was fantastic. You’re an angel for bringing me here.”
Castiel looked over at Dean while he was in the middle of fanning the smoke away from the smoke detector and to an open window. “I forgot about my casserole.”
Dean starts to slow down, his brain working overtime. His kisses become less passionate, and his hands become more unsure.
“Alpha. We dated for a year. She broke it off six months ago.”
Dean sat up and ran his hands over his face. By now, Michael would have been yelling at both of them. This was definitely easier, but it didn’t stop Dean from feeling frustrated and defeated. He got up and turned off the bathwater to keep from running up the water bill. He sat by the bed and waited.
Ash shrinks, taking in how bad his joke was. “Alright, seventy-five it is.” He pulls out his wallet and collects the cash. He walks over to Meg and holds it out.
Castiel shrugs. “English and reading classes were my favorite all throughout my primary education. They were the only classes I looked forward to. I’ve always known that I’m good at instruction and I’m a very patient person so teaching just feels like the right job for me. I want to be a professor, since I’m not great with kids. I feel like young adults are easier and the content is more fun to teach. I want to write my own books and be an established author too. Writing has always been my escape from reality.”
The next plant Castiel showed Dean was smaller, in a painted black terra-cotta pot. “This is one of the more expensive plants I own. It’s a pink princess philodendron.” Castiel showed Dean the dark green leaves that contrasted with the bright pink ones. Some of the green leaves had streaks of pink in them. “Her name is Peggy. It’s not the rarest of plants, but it’s in high demand, so people pay a lot for it.”
“Call in. You can’t work like this.”
“Yeah, lunch sounds good.”
“So all the angels in heaven get off while they groom each other?”
Castiel shook his head. “Not the knotting part, I meant to do that. I mean the condom broke. I felt it. It happened after we were locked. I didn’t want to hurt you so I didn’t try to pull out but-god! I’m an idiot!”
“Yeah, I am.” Gabriel opens the freezer and sets out a handle of vodka, Jack Daniels, and takes a case of beer out of the fridge. “We’re drinking good tonight.”
Castiel nods. “Absolutely.”
“You’re in the home stretch.”
After a few minutes in the mosh pit, Dean starts to get why people like it. The energy is amazing. Soon, he’s bouncing along with everyone to the beat of a song he’s never even heard before.
“What kind of car do you have? A fancy one?”
“No, sorry. I don’t drink. I have soda and water.”
Castiel chuckles to himself and goes back to his true crime show.
Dean leaned against Michael as he walked upstairs to his room. He looked at his own bedroom and wanted to stay far away. That place was his safe haven to be with Castiel, and now he didn’t want to look at it.
“True, but that doesn’t make any sense for it to be constrained. An omega can have an omega soulmate. It’s just about the person you have the strongest bond with.”
Castiel’s eyes widen a bit. “Wow, he is tall.”
Cas brings a hand up to brush his thumb over Dean’s cheek. “Are you afraid?” His voice is quiet, but they’re so close that Dean can make out what he’s saying.
Dean shrugs. “It’s just one of my nicknames for you at this point, I don’t mean anything by it. So, are you okay?”
“I can if you’re gonna bone.”
Castiel thinks about getting up and moving away, but he stops himself. If Dean doesn’t want things to be awkward, then Castiel should try for him. Maybe they can go back to the way things were before the Waffle House incident, as Castiel had dubbed it.
Dean walks up to Castiel and puts his hands on his hips. “We’ll make it fun. Come on, we’ve got a lot to look forward to.”
“I was a guardian angel before all of this. Humans are my specialty.”
Dean sat up and picked up the burger. He took a large bite and his eyes widened at the flavor. “Holy shit, that’s amazing.”
Once she was clean and in her pajamas, Dean put her in bed and started reading a story to her. It wasn’t long before she was out like a light. Dean set the book aside and leaned back against the headboard. It wasn’t very late yet, so he wasn’t tired.
Castiel had lived in Georgia his whole life. His parents were from Pontiac, Illinois, so Castiel didn’t end up with a southern accent. He still heard it all around him, so every once in a while, he’d say a word differently than how someone from another part of the country would.
Dean raises a brow, crossing his arms. “You sure you’re going to be good at it now? You’re pretty drunk.”
Castiel nods and lets out a deep breath. “I’ve heard of that. Demisexuality, right?”
Castiel smiled. “It is. You’ve done so well. Let’s make a deal. I’ll bring you to the edge one more time, stop, wait for a minute, and then you can come. How does that sound?”
Dean shook his head. “Humans were vermin. They destroyed most of nature, killed anything that was different from them, and I’ve only met one that wasn’t a hateful bastard.” He glanced at Jack.
Dean had never seen Castiel during this time before. He wasn’t really in heat yet, just bordering on the edge of starting. He was anxious and pacing in the bedroom, chewing his nails. Dean wasn’t sure what to do to comfort him at first. “Do you want to come sit down? You should try to rest up.”
“I didn’t know you were coming tonight.”
“Mine aren’t that bad. I have a few scholarships that are helping a lot. I paid almost nothing at KU. It’s here that I’m paying more, but that’s alright. It’s manageable. My tutoring job helps a lot. It means I actually have grocery money and I can live in this place. It doesn’t cover everything, but it helps.”
Dean looks at the gun in his lap, holding it carefully. “Look, my childhood wasn’t exactly kittens and rainbows. I had to be able to defend myself. I’ve been able to shoot since I was seven. I’ve kept a weapon under my pillow for most of my life. I got this gun when I was ten and it’s stayed under my pillow since then. It doesn’t matter where I am, I need to be ready at a moment’s notice.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, let’s go home.” He stood up out of Castiel’s lap and walked gingerly to the lockers. He unlocked his locker and took his clothes out, carefully dressing himself. He was glad he chose sweatpants and a sweatshirt tonight, because jeans would have been hell on his tender ass.
“Daddy!”
Dean swallowed. “She isn’t his.”
“Well I am. I don’t think you’ll be happy if this is entirely one-sided. You need to love your husband. You’ll be happier that way.”
Dean was tense around Michael all weekend. Fortunately, Michael was way more distant nowadays. He did his own thing around the house, hardly paying attention to Dean or Claire. He paid so little attention that Claire didn’t even call him ‘dad’ most of the time. She had started calling him ‘Mikey’ recently, which Dean found funny only because Michael hated being called that.
“A burner phone. One that our husbands don’t have the password to. My new number is in the bag too. Keep it hidden. I know there’s not a lot of times when we’re separated, but with your wedding soon, it might become more frequent. This way, we can talk whenever we want, without Luke and Michael knowing. I have one too, it’s hidden in my bedroom.”
Dean stands up first and walks over to the counter. Once he arrives, he gestures for Castiel to go in front of him. “Go on.”
Dean shrugged. “You were busy with the bakery. We were actively trying to hide it from you too. Nothing against you, we just couldn’t risk anyone finding out about it.”
Castiel shakes his head. “No, I’ve never done that before.”
“You doing alright?”
Dean nodded along as Castiel wrote. “I think that’s perfect. I don’t get a lot of emails, so as soon as I get the notification I’ll bring the laptop to you so you can respond.”
The next day, Castiel and Dean clean the apartment. They put away all of their kitchen items and sweep up the broken glass and ceramic pieces from bowls and plates. They make a shopping trip for spackle to repair the holes in the wall, and new plates and bowls.
“He’s alright, just his usual grumpy self. He misses your cooking. He keeps burning the awful chili he tries to make. It got so bad he called Jody. She asked me about you too. I said you were doing good with your new partner.”
“Hey, you’re gonna be okay. You’ll fly to Palo Alto in a few weeks and get all settled into your dorm. You can text or Skype me whenever. I promise I’ll visit you as soon as I can, and you’ll be at the wedding.”
Castiel’s cheeks were red, but he went along with what Dean was doing. His hands moved to Dean’s hips. “You know, this isn’t very platonic. I’m not sure ‘bros’ do this.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, what was Castiel like in Chicago? He’s told me everything that happened, but I don’t know what it must have been like to be around him.”
Castiel obliged. Once he shifted for a better angle, he was slamming into Dean with abandon.
Dean groaned. “Great, now my neighbor thinks we’re fucking.”
“It’s okay. It was a long time ago.”
Dean’s eyes were watering, and all he could do was nod. “Okay. I guess I’ll see you here Monday. Same time.”
Castiel reads over his paper for the third time, trying to figure out what exactly he doesn’t like about it. He stops when a figure sits down in front of him. He peeks over the edge of his laptop and smiles a bit when he spots Gabriel. “Hello.”
Castiel slid two fingers into Dean as he pulled away from the kiss to watch Dean’s face.
Castiel slowed down to a slow roll once Dean’s orgasm had subsided. “Look at you, coming on my cock like a good boy. I didn’t know you had a thing for choking.”
Dean dragged a hand over his face. It was six thirty, and from the times that Castiel sent texts, it was clear that he didn’t sleep all night. Dean suddenly felt incredibly guilty for what he had done. He sat up, buckled himself in, and started driving.
Castiel blinked. “Oh, right. I was going to tell you, since it’s going to be public and I didn’t want it to startle you too much. You know the company dinner we’re going to on Friday? Michael is going to propose in front of everyone there.”
“The same way I called him earlier today. I pray to him. It sounds weird when I say it like that so I’ve been referring to it as a call,” Castiel explains.
The next morning, Castiel knows he needs to talk to Dean about what happened last night. The kiss was sudden, but it was perfect. Castiel had even dreamt about it. It was so good that Castiel needs to talk to Dean and figure out the state of their friendship.
The door swings open and Gabriel smirks up at them. “The man of the hour is here!”
“Hey. Thanks for the water.”
Castiel chuckles and nods. “I do remember the ‘peches’ stand. You really drove all the way out there for this?”
“You know, this pain you’re feeling, it’ll be gone soon. Angels don’t feel emotion, not obedient ones. It’ll be over soon.”
Castiel gently stroked Dean’s hair. “Do you want to take your boxers off?”
Castiel smiled softly and kissed the top of Dean’s head. “You’re sweet.” He hugged Dean a little closer. “Like I said, the more you know about me, the less you’re going to like me. I’m not...normal.”
Dean cups Castiel’s face with a smile. “I’m gonna be honest, I missed this. It hasn’t even been that long and we’re already inseparable.”
Dean followed Jimmy to the living room where they proceeded to talk for hours. Dean got along with Castiel like a true lover, and he got along with Jimmy like a best friend. They talked about their childhoods, the kids, shitty life decisions, and everything they could think of.
“Depends on how hungry you are. Get the waffle, and pick two or three sides. I get a waffle, bacon, and hashbrowns. I highly recommend the hashbrowns.”
“Let’s order a pizza. I’m too tired to cook.” Dean takes Castiel’s hand and leads him to the couch.
Dean wrapped his arms tightly around Castiel. “Just hold me.”
Dean’s eyes widened slightly. “You think so?”
Dean shakes his head. “If that’s what you want, I’m out. If you’re an angel, you’re immortal from my knowledge. You’ll never age, you’ll never die. I’ll get old and die and you’ll still be here. Why would you ever want that?”
Sam nods and finishes off his first bowl of cereal. He pours a second one. “Okay, that’s fine with me. When should we leave?”
Castiel feels tears welling up in his eyes. He looks around, desperate for a way out. He’s alone, helpless, and out of options. “If I do what you say, Dean lives? You won’t hurt him?”
“I feel like you’re already starting to.”
Gabriel slaps his hands onto the counter. “I didn’t buy all of this food for it to be ignored. Get over here and eat.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “What? How so?”
“What do you like on your hashbrowns? Cheese? Onions? Ham?”
Castiel wipes a tear that rolls down his cheek. “You…You’ve changed me. I’ve never known what it’s like to love someone like I love you. It makes me feel so raw and exposed, yet so safe. It makes me feel like a live wire, stripped and sparking. I never thought I could feel like this, not with anyone. I’d do anything to keep you in my life.”
Castiel removes his hand from Dean’s shoulder and looks at his face. “I still don’t see how any of that was your fault. Even if you fought with Lisa, you were just trying to express how you felt. You didn’t start throwing stuff or something, did you?”
Dean watched Claire, unable to look Castiel in the eyes anymore. “You know, you were wrong about Michael. He changed a lot after you left. I tried to leave six months ago, and it didn’t work.”
Dean’s eyes widened with realization. “Oh...Oh!” He swallowed. When did it get so hot in here? “Should I keep going?”
Dean started making lunch at noon. He reheated some chicken that he made the other night. As he opened the microwave, he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. He turned around and saw Castiel. “Hey. Did you sleep alright?”
Meg worked during the day on Friday, so Castiel took Jack to the playground at the local park. He remembered driving by this park a few times while he was still with Luke. Jack always liked the swings the best, so Castiel placed him in one of the toddler swings and pushed him gently. Nothing gave him more joy than hearing Jack laugh.
Dean swallowed. Castiel’s scent was seeping into the room and it was driving his senses mad. All he could do was curl in on himself. “Some over the counter painkillers.”
Dean blinked. “Um, I guess not?”
“Hmm, pretty good. I’m anxious about final grades going in next week. Hopefully I do well. You?”
“You can’t fly by yourself?” Sam’s voice had hints of disappointment and concern.
Castiel smiled softly. “I’m not going to lie, that last line wasn’t very platonic. It sounded a little romantic to me.” He laughed softly when Dean elbowed him, his cheeks red with embarrassment.
Dean picked up a tray from the counter and brought it to the table. “Turkey burgers.”
“Heatstroke. They gave you a bunch of fluids and got you cooled down. You’re on a temporary heat suppressant to get you through this heat. Doc says that if you’re not going to be on suppressants, you need someone helping you through your heat.”
Claire nodded. “Guess what? We get to go wherever we want!”
“Wing maintenance is a pain. I need to groom my wings before we fly again. There’s a motel about a mile down the road.”
Dean tried to pretend to be going to sleep in hopes that he would be left alone, but the alpha clearly had other ideas.
The tension grew when the pair was left alone, and Castiel had to break the silence. He had been up for hours the night before, practicing what he was going to say. He couldn’t say a word about his deal with Luke, so he had to stick to his guns and keep the same reason he gave when Dean freaked out.
Dean’s brows go up. “You’re inviting me over?”
Castiel tilted his head. “What?”
A little after midnight, while Castiel waits in his bed, he finally receives a text from Dean letting him know that he has safely arrived at Bobby’s. Castiel sends him a goodnight text and finally lets himself fall asleep.
“We’re going home soon. This will turn into a party soon, and I’m not a fan. Luke and Castiel are already outside, as far as I know. They said their goodbyes.”
Cas shrugs off his backpack and sets it by the door. “Make yourself comfortable.”
Once Dean was finished and calmed down, things went back to the same sweet mood. They shared a breakfast of water, protein bars, and some fresh fruit Castiel had stored in a lunchbox with several ice packs to keep it cool.
Castiel was fresh out of the shower when he arrived in the kitchen. He looked exhausted and not even a t-shirt covered all of the love-bites. He ate dinner with the group and asked Sam about Stanford, smiling politely and listening to him excitedly rave about his classes.
Dean looked at his own hand and ran his thumb over the ring with a soft smile. “Thanks.” He walked over to the fridge. “Any requests for breakfast?”
Castiel stayed compliant, but he could hear Jack crying. “Officer, my son is in the backseat. I don’t know what’s going on. Why are you arresting me?”
Michael paused and huffed before leaving the room, the door slamming behind him.
Dean took a step forward and the floor creaked. He should have known, that spot was always creaky. Castiel turned around immediately and sat up.
“I hope so. Goodnight, Dean.”
“I was a torturer. I tortured the souls. I didn’t do it for very long, only thirty years. Worst thirty years of my life.”
Dean blinked. “Right, forgot about that. Yeah, let’s do that.”
Dean’s mouth closes and his shifts, slowly waking up. He opens his eyes and looks up at Castiel. “You watching me sleep?”
Castiel sighs. “I’m sorry about that. It’s been a little rough lately, but I can pull it back together.”
Dean looked back out at the crowd, his bottom lip trembling slightly. “B-because I’m yours.”
When he got back to the house, he got out quietly, since most of their neighbors would probably be asleep. He kind of hoped Castiel was asleep, since the poor guy didn’t sleep all night.
Castiel sighed. “Yeah, she did. She told me you left rehab early.”
Castiel nods, hyping himself up a little. “Okay. I’ll talk to him.”
With nothing better to do, Castiel decides to go buy groceries. He gets back into his car, a little blue Prius, and drives to the grocery store. He stocks up on all the basics, including his favorite snacks. He hopes that his roommate will be there when he gets back, because he’s been anxious to meet him for months now.
Dean flies up to a sitting position that throws him off the couch. He turns around, grabbing the couch for purchase and his head swings around. His face is twisted in anger, his chest heaving up and down with his heavy breathing.
“One time?”
Castiel swung his head around, letting out a small sigh of relief when he saw Dean. “Yeah, I’m okay.”
“In fairness, I kind of dragged you along.”
Dean gave him a gentle shove with a huff. “Shuddup. Can’t help it.”
Gabriel chuckled softly. “I actually...kind of have a girlfriend.”
Castiel suddenly feels a pull in his gut. Something’s not right. He swallows and holds his backpack a little tighter. “Actually, I have another class to get to, so I should get going.” He turns around to leave, but then there’s a hand on his shoulder. He tries to pull away, but when he blinks, he’s no longer in the classroom.
The hunter frowns. “What happened to your wings?”
“No problem.” Dean sits back down on the couch.
Castiel shrugs. “You grew up fighting things that weren’t human, and now your boyfriend is an angel.” When he steps closer to Dean, he starts feeling something. “I can hear your thoughts. Just bits and pieces.”
Castiel frowned. “He’s just possessive. I don’t really mind it that much. They fade within a couple of days, and his rut ends quickly. It’ll be done by tomorrow morning.” He rubbed his nose and sneezed. “The smell is probably the worst part, but I just shower a lot and that usually resolves it.”
Dean saw stars, one hand flying to Castiel’s back and the other gently cupping the back of his neck to hold him closer. He waited for those blue eyes to open again, smiling and leaning up to kiss Cas once they did. The kiss was short-lived, interrupted by their impending orgasms.
“You’re talking like you’re going to die.”
“Do you like it?”
Castiel crosses his arms. “What about you?”
Sam crossed his arms. “I don’t like this. I never liked this. It’s stupid. You just lay around this mansion all day and do nothing, and then when Michael comes home you have to be his pet or something.”
“That you were really drunk and you got excited. That’s all it was. You even made a comment about kissing your friends and then offered to kiss everyone in the room. You’re okay.” Dean walks over to the bed and places a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “It’s not the end of the world, I promise. These things happen. Nothing has to change between us. We’ve done this before, we can do it again.”
Dean saw the time and realized it was time to go home. He found Castiel and Jack in the hallways, still talking quietly. Castiel looked over at Dean.
Castiel nods and smiles, leaning up to kiss Dean. He wraps his arms around his neck and hums.
Castiel nods. “I can make it to the last ten minutes.”
Castiel’s heart drops to his stomach, and he goes quiet for a few seconds. “Oh. Okay.”
Castiel pushed Dean up against the wall and kissed him hard, hands sliding all over his body. “I missed you, I missed you so much.”
Castiel watches as the clock ticks down on the TV. He takes another sip of his drink and starts counting down with the rest of the group.
Dean nodded and pulled the blankets back. “I can grab some breakfast downstairs for you, if you want.”
“I do, actually. Dean’s never been to The Place so we’re going tonight.”
Dean stood up, poking Sam in the shoulder as he went. “Hey, Michael. This is my little brother, Sam.”
“I could fuck you too, if you want.”
Dean nodded in agreement.
Castiel starts to fall asleep outside Dean’s door as the sun sets. He closes his eyes and begins to doze for a few minutes.
“How did you get in?”
Ash nods and flips his hair over his shoulder. “Alright, alright. Fifty bucks on the table.” He picks up the ball. “You’re serious? Fifty bucks?”
“I’m gonna go see if Cas is awake so I can tell him about the trip.”
Castiel groans. “Dean, I’ve never...This is amazing.”
Castiel met Dean’s eyes again. “No, I stood my ground. Gabriel stood up for me too. I just hate the idea of you getting that sick again. It was really scary.”
Dean’s chest felt warm, and in Castiel’s arms, he felt safe. Every part of him was screaming about how right this was. This was how things were supposed to be. No putting on fake smiles, no sneaking out of bed at night, no worrying about fancy weddings or dealing with long work hours and time spent apart. This was perfect, this was right.
“I know,” Dean says, chewing his thumb nail.
“Having met both of them, I’m not sure. Sam’s way quieter than Gabriel.”
Dean thought for a moment. “Okay, I guess. It’s definitely building back up. It’s getting hot.”
“Are you safewording, or are you being a brat?” Castiel paused, his grip softening. Ever the careful and dutiful Dom…
“No, you need to be taken care of first.”
Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead. “I knew that freaking out would only make things worse,” he hummed. “But, I don’t think we should plan anything. If we end up needing more time, we’ll both feel pressure to do something we’re not ready for. I think we need to commit to at least a week of nothing, and then feel it out from there.”
“Thanks.” Jack took the clothes and held them in his lap.
Castiel wakes up earlier than he expects the next morning. He looks at his clock and it reads 7:47. He rubs his eyes and sits up, sliding out of bed to go to the bathroom. He moves as quietly as possible to avoid waking up Sam. When he finishes his business, he starts to make his way back to his room.
“I’m glad to hear that. Goodnight, Dean.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Jody smiled.
Dean hums and snuggles back against Castiel. “So, was I right about the quilt?”
Dean wasn’t very inclined to believe Luke. He was an excellent liar and Dean had seen it in person. “What? Why?”
“Yeah, he’s got all his stuff there and everything.”
Castiel nods. “I will.” He blinks and Gabriel is gone. He lays down and stares up at the ceiling. With his decision made, he feels content. Sleep comes easily.
“Hello. Are you ready?”
The living room is open concept, leading into the kitchen and a small dining space. There’s a sliding glass door behind the table that leads outside to the backyard, which is equally as overgrown as the front. Castiel walks to the left to find his bedroom and bathroom. Having his own bathroom is an even bigger upgrade than the house itself. No more waiting for showers.
Castiel sighed. “I just wanted to make sure Jack was alright.”
“Hi. I’m glad you’re awake.” Michael looked immensely relieved.
Castiel shook his head with a gentle smile. “It’s okay. You said it calms you down, right?” He scooted closer to Dean and tilted his head to the side. “You can scent me.”
Sam turned to face Dean, a serious look on his face. “You promise you’ll get out of there if you need to?”
“It does, but I don’t usually do a lot of yard work in the sun.”
“Any time.” Gabriel shot Dean a crooked grin before standing up and leaving the room.
He kind of likes the look of the flag too. The pink, blue, and purple make a good combo. The definition is the first time he’s read something that’s described how he feels.
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t know. It would take some very powerful cloaking spells to hide one, but I suppose it could be done.”
“When?”
Dean looks into Castiel’s eyes, seemingly searching for something in him. “Yeah. A lot happened.”
Dean curled up to Castiel and sighed. “I hate to say it, but I’m really tired. Sex all day isn’t that hard when I’m in heat, but today was exhausting. It was perfect, but I’m tired. I don’t want to sleep, though.”
Castiel’s reaction made Dean’s heart drop to his stomach. The other omega’s face sank and he stared at the screen with a blank look on his face. “I…I didn’t think you’d find that if you were just looking for her.”
Castiel waves to Dean as he retreats to his room to sleep. Part of him still wishes that they could have gone on their date today, but he knows that there would be more time for that later. In the meantime, he sleeps.
“Gabriel! Gabriel get up here!”
Cas grins and sits up a little. “Good choice.” He leans in and starts pressing kisses down Dean’s neck. His hands slip under Dean’s shirt and tug hard to get it off. Once Dean’s chest is exposed, he runs his hands all over it. “Are your nipples sensitive?”
Dean grabs a fistful of feathers and gently pulls, watching in awe of Castiel.
Castiel chuckles. “Yeah, the whole neighborhood can.”
You needed it. See you Friday night, 8pm
Michael kissed Dean like he meant it when the time came. Dean wrapped his arms around Michael’s neck, holding his husband like he was meant to. The music started and Michael led him back up the aisle and out to a limo that would take them to the reception.
Dean grinned and rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “I do it out of love.”
With that realization, Dean had no idea what to do. He couldn’t just drive around Lawrence forever. It was getting close to an hour and a half since he left the house. He was getting hungry, so he stopped at a fast-food joint to get some lunch. He felt a little better once he had eaten, but not good enough to go home.
“I’m fine.” Dean stands up and starts walking to the kitchen.
Castiel looks down at his outfit. He’s in sweatpants and a t-shirt, which looks a little sad next to Dean’s collared shirt and jeans. “I guess not.”
Dean shrugs, swallowing his mouthful of food. “We’re good friends. If someone spots us at a restaurant, we can just say that I’ve never been to that one and you took me.”
Dean shrugs. “No problem.” He picks up his burger to continue eating. “You’re gonna have to show me all the good places to eat around here.”
Jack nodded. “I’ll stay in.”
Dean hummed. “Thanks.”
“Goodnight.”
“Did you get filled in on the suppressant situation?”
Gabriel shakes his head. “Zachariah doesn’t have that kind of power. I’m trying to get ahold of his superior. I told him to meet us here, I don’t know if he’ll come. He’s a little flaky. Even if he doesn’t show up, I’ll find a way to fix this. What Zachariah is doing is against what Heaven is supposed to stand for. When his superior finds out that he nearly killed Dean to get to you, it’ll be over for him.”
Castiel woke as Dean slapped his shin. “Get up,” he barked. Castiel moaned deeply, his head continuing to pound like a war drum. Dean rolled his eyes and sighed before helping Castiel out of the car.
Dean made it abundantly clear as he pressed his lips against Castiel’s.
“But we're heading somewhere," Sam insisted. "The end.”
Castiel looked at the two pills in Dean’s large hand. “Wha –?”
“It’s just a lot Sammy,” Dean breathed, dipping the towel back in the water, rinsing it before straining it again.
“Did you want something?” Dean finally asked.
Castiel did as he was told and felt the panic in his chest lessen. He lay there in the bed, Dean leaning over him with helplessness and worry etched in his features. Castiel looked at Dean, trying to take deeper breaths. The hunter wore worn jeans and a t-shirt…always ready for a fight. The fallen angel closed his eyes for a long moment. “I’m okay,” he said before looking into Dean’s eyes again, relatively normal again.
Mostly dry, Castiel looked up at Dean, eyes still hazy. “Thank you,” Castiel said.
“No, you aren’t,” Dean replied, picking him up. He walked the wounded angel to the backseat of the car and settled him in the car.
“To see you.”
Dean sighed again. “Yea well, first time’s on the house. You get sick again, don’t be callin’ me.”
“Sorry,” he said. “He’s going through a lot.”
The images began to fade as the fallen angel panted. He grabbed onto Dean’s voice like a life-raft in a stormy ocean.
“Dean.”
“Shut up Cass,” Dean replied gruffly before rolling the towel over Castiel’s hair one more time, blocking the fallen angel’s eyes. “Okay. That’s about as good as it gets. Are you hungry?”
What he could not handle, what seemed to eat at him no matter what box he stuck it in, what shield he tried to put around it, was his self-loathing.
With a look, Castiel told Dean he knew he was lying. Dean sighed again. He stared at the fallen angel, looking solemn and alone…and
“Cass? Cass!” Castiel moaned, his head shaking. “Wake up dammit.” Castiel moaned again, opening his eyes.
, Dean thought, losing the battle within himself and raising his hand.
It was amazing how hearing his name called out by Castiel sent a shiver down Dean’s spine. Castiel’s voice was ragged; the scream that tore its way from his throat damaged the flesh. He was still shaking and sweat slicked his brow, but at least he was focused on Dean.
“The edge of the city Atwood. There’s…there’s an abandoned junkyard, I’m…I’m in a pink…” Castiel passed out, the phone dropping to the floor.
he looked absolutely adorable with his hair stuck out all over the place. He looked like he had when Dean first met the angel. Dean would have called it ‘after sex’ hair, but that would mean thinking about the angel in that way and there was no way Dean was going to do that…right? The hunter suddenly wondered what it would feel like to run his fingers through the black mess that was Castiel’s hair.
“Well, good, cause where we're headed doesn't sound like a picnic.”
doing anything else.”
“Yes,” Castiel answered in a whisper, before his gaze dropped.
The fallen angel’s eyes went wide a moment before closing, leaning into the kiss.
Dean slipped the card on the countertop, smiling his best smile. “Preferably on the first floor,” he said. “Stairs won’t go well with him, ya know…”
“No,” Cass said, glancing up at Dean before looking down again. “It’s good.”
Sam looked at him, pale and shaky but at least there was fire behind his eyes again, and not just from a massive fever. “I feel better, yeah, just having a direction to move in.”
“A little help here,” the angel called out. Dean traded glances with Sam before looking back at Castiel. The angel panted softly before his head drooped to the ground. Dean immediately rushed to him. He took in the bullet wound and Castiel’s blood soaked hands with one glance. “I’m okay,” Castiel said, pulling his head up only to wince.
“You don’t have to take care of me anymore,” Sam said softly. “I’ve made my choice. I can do this.”
Dean sighed, blinking several times before going back into the room. Checking the time, Dean realized he had been sleeping for five hours. “Wow,” he said, impressed. It had been years since he had gotten that much sleep in one setting.
Castiel stared at his hands in his lap. The tightness in his chest was gone – now he felt empty again, as he had ever since his grace had been taken from him. Dean made a soft noise in the back of his throat that caused the fallen angel to look at him. Something in the hunter’s gaze made him feel warm inside. Crystal blue met sea green. They stared at each other in silence a long moment.
Dean gently wiped the blood from the large wound on Castiel’s torso. “Yea,” Dean responded. “Sure. You know. Just dealin’ with a lot. You,” he looked at his brother standing there with the bowl. “You look like Hell, and something’s so wrong with you Cass can’t even fix you. And then there’s Cass,” he said, looking down at the unconscious angel and wiped the blood from his chest. “I don’t know if I can trust him, if I even want to trust him again.”
Dean dropped Castiel against the nearest bed, releasing another moan from him. The hunter was sweating from being so close to the feverish male and pulled his shirts away from his own skin to get some air between them. Castiel blinked at him, mute and in obvious pain. His body shivered. Dean unwillingly flashed back to Sam, feverish and freaky in that hotel room a few doors down from Metatron. The hunter sighed and went to the bathroom, running the cold water.
Dean watched Castiel carefully and realized he was doing so.
“Damn,” Sam breathed.
When he returned, the drinks were done. He gently shook Castiel awake.
“Dean,” came the soft reply.
“Amazing, since you drink copious amounts of alcohol and eat mostly fast food,” Castiel said softly.
Dean helped the ill male back into the bed a few minutes later, propping him up against the headboard. The hunter handed Castiel another cup. “How many more of these do I have to drink?” Castiel moaned before lifting the cup to his lips. Dean helped tip the cup when Castiel got weaker, but the fallen angel managed to keep hold of the cup.
“Great,” Dean said sharply, remembering why he was so mad at the angel in the first place. He stood up. “Glad you didn’t need us for anything. By the way, you’re welcome for pulling you off the road.”
Castiel woke. Moaning, he turned to his side, the old car seat scratchy against his cheek. His joints ached, his head throbbed, and his vision was blurred. Swallowing pained him. He moaned again before reaching for the phone Dean had given him before dropping him off several miles from the Bunker. He hit the only number in the phone, moaning again as even that movement caused him pain. He put the phone to his ear, but had to keep it a few centimeters away from it – the noise made his head ache even more.
Castiel was glad to find the drink tasted just as good cold as it did when it was warm. He tried not to look at Dean, but it was difficult, especially when Dean kept staring at him. Cass took a large gulp from the cup, the edge of the cup blinding him from Dean’s gaze briefly. He struggled with his memories, trying to recall what had really happened. The last twenty-four hours were in a haze, memories blurred and rimmed with black. He was completely certain Dean had walked Castiel into the motel and had dunked him in an ice-cold tub. He tried to see the difference between those memories and the memory of Dean leaning down over him, cool lips against his cracked and feverish ones. He failed…perhaps because he liked the feelings that came from remembering.
They pulled up to the bunker and Dean turned the car off. “I’ll get some warm water,” Sam said. “We can at least wash him up.”
The hunter jerked, gripping the gun he had finished cleaning, finger just over the trigger. Taking a breath, he lowered the gun onto the table. “Cass, how many times do I have to tell you to stay outta my head?” Dean turned to see the angel a few feet away. “Why is it you always show up behind me anyway?”
Sam’s eyes darted between the two men. What did he just hear? Was it an actual confession made by his brother, his emotionally constipated brother?
Cas was taking a step backwards, but Dean caught him by the elbows. If Sam had doubts before, now he for sure felt like an intruder. He wanted to walk out of the barn, but he felt like the two men had mostly forgotten about his presence and any movement from him would alert them, which would ruin whatever they were in. So, he stood frozen in his place.
“Well, I thought so too. But I realised that no matter how much power I have, it doesn’t change the fact that I want to be with my family. God wants love too.”
“Yes.”
His voice was softer now, although a little raspy from the crying and shouting. His hand moved to cup Cas’s cheek.
Cas looked a little shook, his mouth slightly open. It took a while for his features to soften, as he continued to look at Dean. He moved his hand to wipe the remnants of his tears and cupped his face. Dean’s eyes darted to the touch. It seemed like he stopped breathing for a few seconds.
Sam rolled his eyes.
Seeing their kiss getting more intense, Sam thought it to be the best moment to leave. He had intruded enough and he also had to find the kids. It was a good decision, because as he was almost out of the barn, he heard soft moans and he had no desire to hear any more of that.
“You could see how I see myself, you could see all the things I didn’t see in myself, yet you couldn’t see the one thing I could, the one thing which I was not wrong to think about myself.”
“Why do you always keep leaving me? You think you are saving me, but you don’t know how you not being there makes me feel! Do you know, how many nights I have cried myself to sleep after you had died? Do you know how much I drank to numb the pain I felt when I saw you dying infront of my eyes? Do you know how many nightmares I have about losing you?” Dean was clutching Cas’s arms now. He suppressed a sob. “Don’t you dare pull something off like that again, or I swear I’ll…I’ll…”
“You sure she wants to spend time with you?” Dean smirked.
Cas frowned. Dean again stepped closer to him.
“Don’t! You have said enough! It’s my turn now.”
Sam’s eyes almost bulged out. Not that he wasn’t happy, he was just not expecting to see this. He almost wanted to whip out his phone to take a picture, Eileen would love to see that. Well, she eventually would.
Dean’s eyes snapped back to meet Cas’s.
“Dean, I-“
“You son of a bitch!” Dean shoved Cas slightly.
Sam chuckled. “Jerk.”
“No!” Sam cried, but nobody except Dean looked at him with fear in his eyes. Sam couldn’t watch it, he had watched his brother die enough times, he couldn’t watch it again, not like this, not when he felt so powerless. He averted his eyes, tears streaming down his cheeks.
Sitting around the table, the mood soars even higher. Eileen had been at a hunters’ meeting during Castiel’s arrival. She and Sam have been working on a community initiative that would involve large-scale, digitally available archives, as well as a loose net of regional support for optimal help and coordination between hunters. The nature of their profession also lent itself well to improvements in silent communication. Eileen regularly hosts ASL workshops, allowing hunters to have a unified, expressive and versatile code at their disposal.
„You again,” the Empty says, and the presence rolls gently over Castiel, displacing his energy and fracturing his light, forcing him to contort into amplitudes he never had been created for. „Your God is calling for you again. It is becoming rather tiresome.”
This is what is most terrifying about humanity: that through all their thoughts, their wills, their sentiments, one can never quite tell exactly what is going on inside their heads. That there are so many agents that shape each individual that despite some broad generalizations, they are each  so wonderfully unique, so bright and distinctive. Castiel can sense it, the neurons that fire within Dean’s brain, the pathways the sparks take throughout his body, the flares of his soul swirling in that pattern so distinctly unique to him, and he is breathless to discover that this fear is no different from that which humans have become so accustomed to. If Castiel is indeed to rescind his powers, it is to this that he is committing: this certainty of uncertainty, this finite depth and breadth of perception that allows the light in the world to bleed into one.
„It is good to have you back, Cas.”
Maybe Castiel has become too accustomed to confinement within a vessel, but through the concept of proximity he has also learned the concept of distance, and that of avoidance. And annoyingly enough, he has a strong temptation to engage in it. So he twiddles away at whatever little matter grasps his attention, and it is a comfort to know that he shall not run out of convenient little matters in the foreseeable future.
. He wonders whether this time will be any different, whether a hope exists that he may once again join the symphony of existence. To continue to be
He tries again, to see the brothers. He takes the truck from Downs – he doesn’t even bother flying, the driving calms him –, and this time he does not hesitate to bang on the front door of the bunker. He shivers as he feels the impact of footsteps approaching. He doesn’t have the time to ponder why he wouldn’t simply withdraw from experiencing the sensation.
„It is great to be corporeal, isn't it?” Jack smiles, cocking his head in a way that Dean had said resembled Castiel a lot. Castiel nods, soft. The corners of eyes crinkle, and his blood is a torrent through his veins. This, too, is relatively new: he used to be so distanced from this physical manifestation of himself, and yet, now, he can tune into its sensations, to the beating of the heart within, to the touch of fabric against his fingertips when his arms hang by his sides.
Dean gave a short nod before standing and moving to the other side of the bed. He sat on the bed again, his back against the headboard, Castiel’s body warming his right side. The two were silent for a long moment. Then Castiel leaned slightly against Dean, head on his shoulder. Dean let him, fighting the emotions racing through him.
The woman glanced at the two men again before taking the card.
Dean watched over the sleeping man and actually caught a few more Zs himself. Somehow, watching Castiel sleep calmed Dean more than alcohol or good sex. The fallen angel snored deeply due to his illness, lips moving every once in a while, forehead scrunching from time to time. Dean felt hypersensitive to ill male, every time Castiel shifted or moaned Dean watched him like a hawk. Castiel slept deeply through it all, mouth open slightly, never waking.
Castiel screamed. He screamed and screamed. Rough hands waking him did not stop his scream. He merely opened his eyes, still screaming. The light had been turned on in the room, the door nearly off its hinges it had been opened so quickly. Dean’s calloused hands gripped his shoulders, but the fallen angel could not stop screaming. Images filled his mind, painting over Dean’s face; blood, gore, dead bodies – all right there. Castiel struggled against Dean’s hands but the hunter was stronger than the barely awake man. Finally all the air had left Castiel’s lungs. He fell against the bed, gasping, sweat pouring from his very human body. His eyes were still unfocused, the images still bleeding into his vision.
Dean walked Castiel to the Impala’s backseat. Leaning the clearly-out-of-it Cass against the side of the car, the hunter opened the door and settled Castiel against the seat. Touching his skin again, Dean hissed, pulling his fingers away. “You’re like 1000 degrees Cass.”
.” Castiel merely blinked at him. Dean sighed. “Are you nauseous?”
“Good.”
Castiel wrapped his hands around the cup but couldn’t grip it for more than a second.
The fallen angel groaned, blinking several times. “I…I think I’ve been made by a witch.”
He saw the good he had managed to pull out as barely scratching the surface to try to make up for all the evil he had done. For every innocent life he had taken, three lives needed to be saved. Dean had no hope in doing this. For every crisis he had started, two needed to be averted. Dean could not do this. He was filled with his own lack. He was disgusting, damaged, poison, pathetic, lacking, lost.
The taller hunter stopped just outside the door. “Think we’ll need them?” he asked, concern filling his features.
“I will. Everything okay over there?”
Castiel looked up at him, eyes still hazy. “It wasn’t pleasant.”
“Where are we?” Castiel whispered, unable to speak louder.
Dean looked at the fallen angel with a mix of panic, fear, and helplessness. This had been the third time in the past nine days the hunter had been woken by Castiel’s screams. He could do nothing to ease his friend and he knew it. The hunter gripped the fallen angel’s shoulders a little tighter. “I’m right here,” Dean said, hoping his voice would bring Castiel back. “Cass, I’m
Castiel’s lips were badly chapped from the fever but they were eager, nearly as eager as Dean’s. Without thinking, Dean’s hand stretched up to brush Castiel’s jaw, the beginnings of his beard scratching against Dean’s palm lightly.
“Hello?”
The fever finally broke in the 7AM hour. Dean, who had been checking the unconscious male every hour, pulled the sheets and towels off Castiel until he was just under the sheets and a bedspread. The hunter brewed three more cups of the Winchester mix and some coffee for himself. For some reason, he felt no need to reach for the scotch he kept in the inner pocket of his jacket. Making sure Castiel was still fast asleep, Dean slipped out to get breakfast for them.
“That would be nice,” Castiel said, meaning it.
Dean sighed. “Okay, just stay there.” He made sure Castiel could sit up on his own against the wall before heading out of the motel again. Returning with the Sprite and bag of pretzels he got from the vending machine outside, Dean squatted next to Cass again, opening both items. “Drink and eat,” Dean ordered gently, handing both to Castiel. The fallen angel managed to eat a few of the pretzels on his own and drink half of the sprite slowly, Dean helping tip the bottle when Cass couldn’t anymore. Castiel panted, even the simple action of eating exhausting. “Okay, okay,” Dean said, taking the soda and bag from Castiel. “You’re making me tired just watching you.” Castiel blinked at Dean, head bobbing. “How you feeling?”
“Are you alright?” Castiel asked. Then he got a look of panic on his face. “I haven’t made
Castiel sighed, blinking.
“What happened?”
Dean looked at his brother, uncertain what to say, before turning back and continuing to wipe the blood off Castiel. The wound still bled, streaks of red seeping from it, running down the angel’s side onto the surface of the table. “I’ll get the needle and thread,” Sam said, putting the bowl on the table. Dean sighed, rinsed the towel and wiped the blood from Castiel’s face. He leaned closer, concentrating on his task. He missed Castiel, he suddenly realized, missed him in ways he couldn’t even express. Castiel’s face clean, Dean brushed his fingertips against the angel’s lips softly. Castiel gave a soft moan and Dean’s heart melted a little. Then he rinsed the towel again and wiped the new streaks of blood from the wound. “I sterilized them,” Sam said, holding out the threaded needle that smelled strongly of whiskey.
Castiel moaned deeply as the cold, soaking washcloth touched his skin. Dean was almost surprised steam didn’t rise from the contact. “What is this?” Castiel whispered, hazy eyes looking at Dean, focusing and un-focusing.
Dean cracked a smile. “Yea.” The hunter helped the other male sit up. “But you were 111 degrees. If I hadn’t thrown you in there your brain would have turned to mush.”
“I could stay with you for a while,” Dean offered for the first time. Dean’s heart was stabbed with an unfamiliar feeling as Castiel’s eyes lit up.
he dared to wonder as he slammed the brakes and swerved. The headlights flicked over the figure’s face. It was Castiel, wounded but alive, who ducked his head from the lights and car. Dean threw the car into park and both brothers leapt out of the car. “Cass?” shouted Dean. Castiel looked up at him, bloodied.
Dean hated himself. He could deal with that hatred, handle it, keep it in check. He could handle his anger, his weapons, his car. He was good at it. Reining himself in, pushing forward despite his feelings. Dean accepted his stubbornness, his anger, his ‘put your head down and move through this’ attitude.
“Hey, man. Breathe.”
“It should help bring the fever down. And ease that headache. And maybe even that sore throat of yours.”
Castiel didn’t need any more information. Weakly, he reached for the pills.
“Dean,” Castiel said softly.
The emptiness in their souls filled a little.
“Yea, yea. Well…just tell him I hope he gets better.”
“What did you do?” Dean’s accusation made the angel’s head pound.
“Is your stomach queasy? Do you think you can eat something?”
“Oh,” Castiel said, blush deepening and spreading. “It must…it must have been…my illness.”
“No,” Castiel replied simply.
“Dean?” Castiel asked softly.
He missed being young; missed those days when the worst thing was a rouge demon or two that crossed his path, dealing with simple things like vampires and wendigos. Dean missed not being such a piece of worthless crap.
Castiel shook his head.
“That almost sounds pleasant.”
“Did…did you kiss me last night?”
“Dean, you have to stop thinking like that.”
“You do not need to do that,” Castiel said, pulling himself to a sitting position. He winced, more blood slipping from the wound. The angel let go of Dean before putting the hand over the wound and sealing it. Castiel winced again. “That will do for now. I cannot heal it fully because of the material, but that should suffice.”
That was it. Those three words had the power to both break and heal Dean all at the once. There were only a few words that could be stringed together that had the power to do that to the hunter. Dean shifted to drop the rag he had cleaned the gun with into the bag near the door. He closed his eyes, back to Castiel, trying not to let the angel know how much those words destroyed and repaired him.
Dean swore. “Dude, it’s
Dean noticed how the dark lashes protected Castiel’s crystal blue eyes. The light from the window cascaded over Castiel’s black hair and pale skin. Dean was glad to see the man’s skin was no longer flushed from the fever, but he worried for the pallor that had replaced the flush. Dean could tell the fallen angel was weak, by the way he held the fork, scooping the contents into his mouth as quickly as possible before his arm fell. Then he realized he could tell Cass was weak just by little movements. Dean blushed at the realization, focusing on his own food.
Minutes passed in silence. Then Dean’s voice cut into the quiet. “Cass?”
“What?! NO,” Dean said sharply.
Castiel blinked at Dean like an owl, shivering under the layers of blankets and towels.
Castiel pulled away first and Dean let him. The fallen angel panted lightly. This close, Dean could see the slight haze still in Castiel’s dull blue eyes. He was still pretty sick.
The hunter sighed, trying to stop the inner fights he always had with himself, especially when Cass was around.
“Dean,” Castiel called to the man’s back as he turned away. “Dean, wait.” Dean continued to walk away, heading to his room. He dropped the threaded needle on the edge of the table as he passed. Sam looked at Castiel and shrugged unhelpfully.
Dean’s soul has been swirling about; it now seems to gather its intent and it reaches out towards Castiel, the light of the soul mingling with the light of the grace. And in another life, where Castiel never strayed from the ethereal, this would have been sufficient. But it is precisely the knowledge of constraints that has taught him to crave, and so he reaches out to touch Dean’s cheek.
„I am sorry, Dean. I was a coward.”
, as the humans would say, and Castiel isn’t quite sure how he feels about that. He is stretched thin, and yet in harmony with the various resonances of the world. It is this utter harmony that has been missing, he realizes. It is the harmony originating from fitting seamlessly into the world, accepting the joys and sorrows it brings and yet awaiting its sensations with open arms. It is existing within the circle of all those whom he loves, and who love him in return, in all the diverse forms that love can take.
„And my body?”
It is this that had terrified Castiel so much: this hesitance.
„Who’s there?” Dean’s voice booms, and Castiel cannot help but close his eyes in relief at the strength apparent in the sound.
Jack shows him the universe that he has reconstructed, all its facets and planes. Pride swells within Castiel’s chest as he witnesses the new glory of a new Creation. When he had been observing Earth, patrolling it blind and deaf and insensitive, he had stood baffled at the way in which parents could look upon their wholly average children and see perfection. He now understands: Jack is wholly not-average, and all that he pulses within is greater than perfection.
„Jack.”
„Yes. I wasn’t sure whether you would be alright with me mentioning it in front of Sam, you can be rather private.” There is something in Dean’s gaze that flickers and Castiel hopes that it is something good. „Dean, before, I had confessed to being in love with you...”
Perhaps the least angelic element of it all, Castiel reminisces. All that has happened in these past twelve years was but the tiniest fraction of his millennia, and yet these years had brought greater changes, greater joys and sorrows than all his previous existence. Hazy, distant, he still remembers his years as a fledgeling, naive to his future. He had been carrying but the ungerminated seed of free will within himself, a predisposition not yet activated by external circumstances. The duties distracting him from his possibilities had occupied him sufficiently to ever take a step backwards from what was immediate.
Dean’s brows draw together. Castiel understands the confusion.
The humans would also be quite amused to see their God being chided by his father that they do not hug enough; it is the most effective plan of attack that Castiel has conceived in his existence.
should so fascinate the creature whose existence had been upturned after so many millennia.
Dean has that look in his eyes: the one he had before Castiel died, uncomprehending and shattered. Then instinct takes over within him, that reliable weapon of a hunter. A reliable weapon that leaves room for deflection. Dean gives a lopsided smile.
It is natural that Castiel agrees. Free will or not, this is the universe he had sworn to protect with his life – and not only with his death –, and this is the humanity he is so
He then reverses out of the lot and sets off back towards Lebanon, Kansas.
Sam stutters and stumbles, but he nevertheless makes a hasty retreat towards his room, and Dean and Castiel stay there, sitting opposite each other, staring at each other, yearning for this situation to solve itself.
„You have to tell me how that happened,” says Castiel with the subtle smile he has become quite proficient at. And though it may be easy to forget that Jack is still so young, it becomes very apparent when he starts talking: he may be the new God of this universe, but his energy pulses with the vivacity characteristic of fledgeling angels. And perhaps Castiel is still delirious from resurrection, but he finds his attention wandering to the little mannerisms Jack has picked up from the Winchester brothers, subtle cues pointing to the humanity that remains intrinsic to this powerful being that happens to be his son.
Sam and Eileen, on the far side of the couch, are also huddled together. They are only half-engrossed in the television, sneaking in kisses and silently signed commentary alike. It is a miracle that nobody spills their drink. Occasionally, if the joke warrants it, Sam will repeat it out loud while Eileen giggles uncontrollably.
„Fucking overwhelmed is what I am, Cas.”
„Yes, Jack informed me that Lucifer visited you bearing my voice, but I assure you...”
„I thought you’d died for good, you son of a bitch. Need me to kill you again, huh, is that it?”
And the Empty presses down upon him but there is no defying Life. He is
„Sammy,” Dean finally says, „I need to speak with him alone.”
„And after it was all over... we researched, Cas. We prayed to Jack and he didn’t answer, and so we researched some more. I broke my fucking back, Cas, I read so much. And you were nowhere, and I couldn’t reach you, I thought I’d lost you forever.” Tears shimmer in Dean’s eyes, and Dean doesn’t blink them away.
„And then, fuck... everything’s fucked but I get this call, and it’s you, and hell, I couldn’t believe it. But it was your voice, and I was hoping to see you again so bad, and, fuck... It was Lucifer, Cas.”
„Yeah, right. You’ve shown up here before and you were freakin’ Satan, so don’t expect me to drink the Kool-Aid. Nice work on the meatsuit, though.”
He understands the magnitude of all that is unsaid.
„I am sorry.”
And yet–
Castiel shakes his head.
There is nothing. And then – the tiniest of amplitudes, strung as softly as a virgin’s hand on her harp. He is awake, and he is aware.
„Dean, I... I said I loved you,” and Castiel’s hand stays firmly on Dean’s cheek in the hope that his eyes may convey to the hunter what his words cannot. „I still love you. And I confess, to talk about it, it... it terrifies me more than anything we’ve ever faced. Your friendship is the most precious gift that I have received in all of my existence. To simply be here, to be around you, to spend time with you, is already more than I could ever have asked for. I must admit, when I confessed my love to you, I thought my death would absolve me of any consequences of said confession; now, it seems, I am to face you, and your response.”
with.
„One of our newest angels in Heaven has impressed upon me the quality of the food at his family’s restaurant. They have all manner of hearty dishes, such as...”
„Hello, Dean.”
Castiel chuckles and breathes relief. They are here, finally, at this conversation; he will not falter now.
Heaven can wait. Castiel is no longer astonished at this realization of his beliefs. He has made Heaven wait too many times to share in the fears of a novice.
„Yes, that is true. I have learned a lot about humanity, but some nuances still get lost on me.”
Dean bites his lips, his eyes squeezed shut against what must be an onslaught of sentiment. Castiel cannot blame him.
Castiel sighs.
Dean seems as if he may spit up a curse, might send Castiel to Hell (as if that was a threat to them anymore, hah). But he doesn’t: it is yet another of those little changes within him, the restraints he had used to curb his own desires slowly rechanneled to constrain the righteous anger within him, that long-simmering flame that is only now beginning to extinguish.
“Bitch.” Dean smiled.
His other hand moved to hold Cas’s neck, as he swiftly pressed his lips against the angel’s.
This, here, is the battle he feels ill-equipped to handle. Castiel first lands in front of the bunker. To his astonishment, his heart starts thumping with obscene strength and his hands become clammy. Within the blink of an eye he is in the parking lot of a used car dealership on the outskirts of Wichita. It feels safer this way. It is driving, not flight.
„I uh, I had an inkling, Cas. Even before this whole shebang. But you know, things do sometimes get lost in translation. I’m not always certain whether we mean the same things, angels and humans, when we discuss, uh, feelings.”
He hasn’t. And he finds that so much has happened in such a short span of time that he has almost forgotten what it feels like to fly with a companion. And so many of his previous relationships had soured during his rebellion – to fly with his son was the utmost of joys; a delightful manifestation of free will, if you wish.
„I try not to be too involved, but there is still some fixing up to do. Would you like to help me?”
, Sam tells Castiel on the side, when Dean is on a beer run to the kitchen.
A tendril of grace – dispersed and strange, yet not at all weak – reaches out towards his own and Castiel extends himself, surrendering to the pull of power. He then hovers; but the dimensions part before him, as if passing through butter. In the middle of a sunlit meadow, he slips into Jimmy Novak’s waiting body.
His son: human and angelic and divine. Castiel listens to him with pride. Jack recounts the horror of solitude, the fight, the reconstruction; the step that he took back into the scenery so as not to corrupt himself the way Chuck had. This is no longer the absent father of the legends. This is something new and exciting.
Dean also smiles sheepishly as he explains the change in heading his own life took. He is now a mechanic two towns over. The job is satisfying: he is still helping civilians, and the shop has transformed into an ideal place for hunters to bring their cars when their requests would weird a regular mechanic out.
„Dean?”
„He did, Dean,” he says. „He heard your prayers. He called for me, and he brought me back. But I was too afraid.”
There is silence. It stretches too long. Stretches thin, like grace, in the moment of an angel’s death, and then comes the bang of a fist against the door.
. Castiel feels his eyes well up, the action still new and yet almost natural. He wishes he could mend the scars on Dean’s soul, but only time can do that.
„Of course you didn’t. And yet, I’m awake.”
„Jehovah’s Witnesses,” Dean yells back and moves to slam the door shut, but Castiel blocks him. There is an alarmed look to Dean’s face and then Sam is thumping up the stairs. He freezes when he notices the angel.
„I suppose I am. But I try not to be like Chuck. He’s human now, by the way.”
The picture he paints in the truck must be ludicrous. Dean will be sure to curse out the vehicle, and Castiel anticipates the warmth the fond complaints will ignite in him.
„Dean...”
Dean breaks eye contact. He looks at his feet, but he doesn’t relinquish his grip on the angel.
Castiel is amused to discover one Jimmy Novak in Heaven. His former vessel, now his inadvertent twin, is happy and healthy, and had gone through a distinctive wardrobe change since his time on Earth. He wears soft turtlenecks now, and wool trousers in various shades of grey. He no longer looks, as Dean would put it, like a
„It is perfect, Jack. Let’s just hope I haven’t forgotten how to fly.”
, and with every oscillation of his being, he becomes more, something intolerable in this plane where not even the Universe’s heart beats. The Empty shrieks at him –
„Jack is here, you know. All around us, just like he promised. You might not feel it, but he resonates within every particle of reality, including in you and in me. You will laugh at me for saying this, but he has a very pleasant hum.”
. Castiel delights in being pressed up so close to Dean while watching the crappy slasher flick. He allows for full sensation in his vessel to best appreciate the heat of Dean against his left, and he barely even notices the press of the armrest against his ribs.
„I’m sorry, Dean.” Castiel again tries to intervene – to comfort Dean – but Dean seems to be a man on a mission. This has been happening more and more often: Dean opening up and letting himself be seen, letting those closest to him at least scratch upon the surface of his true thoughts without any anger to block the way.
„I try not to get angry, Cas. It’s a crap habit. But dammit, you could have at least said something. You think I didn't deserve to know?”
There is no resonance in this plane of existence, no vibrations of life, no swell of energy, nothing but an endless, eerie stillness that stretches to the tipping point of reality. And Castiel, he knows this. He’s been here before, and he knows the terror of being a
He hopes Dean will like Heaven, when his time comes. Dean’s soul shouldn’t be wasted on endless slumber.
Castiel has taken to carrying Three Musketeers bars in his pockets to tempt Jack into a few minutes of being corporeal.
in response.
, but they nevertheless all transfer themselves to the kitchen to retrieve their drinks. Dean’s face doesn’t soften when he looks at Castiel, not as it usually does, but he offers a cracked-open bottle and Castiel readily accepts.
„I may need to think on that part, I, uhh...”
Dean does indeed laugh, just a little. A dog pads into the room – his name is Miracle, Castiel learns – and slips under the table, nuzzling against Dean’s thigh, and Dean reaches to scratch at the dog’s scruffy ears. The motion is unconscious, the habituality of it comforting: Castiel knows the extent to which the human species appreciates soft household creatures, how receptive they are to the affection of a beloved pet.
. A something that is like nothing else, disruptions rolling through Castiel’s existence and yet failing to extinguish him. Once again, quite the irony: a presence stronger than all except life, and therefore altogether intolerant of it.
„Fuck off, Lucifer.”
, which is convenient, as Castiel has grown quite fond of his outfit. They are easily discernible, like this, to the human eye; not that Castiel plans to bother Jimmy in the afterlife. The upheaval of the man’s life still gnawed at him.
Sam and Eileen retreat when the movie is over and Castiel is swallowed in another flurry of hugs. And when they are alone together in the dark, no noise around them but the static of the television, Dean is still pressed up against Castiel, and Castiel is still pressed up against Dean, revelling in the closeness, in the feeling of
And when the plates are licked clean, and the dishes are abandoned on the table, they settle into the
Dean sits still. He is silent in the way that he rarely is, almost pondering in his carefulness. But Dean never has been able to deny his nature: he is movement and he is action, a force that not even God could subdue. And he doesn’t retreat, not even before this challenge: his eyes flutter, tentatively settling on Cas.
It's the same light that emanates from their souls. Sam’s is a deep rumble, reaching ever forward, comforting and steady. Dean’s is brighter, a variable and sparkling entity, flaring up and drawing back in at dizzying speeds. Castiel cherishes them both – he could pick these souls out from a hundred billion others.
„And then you went and fucking died on me!”
Castiel holds him through the night.
Castiel’s arms twine around Dean’s waist; Dean is pliant in his arms, his weight solid and comforting as he is arranged on his side, cradled against the backrest and blanketed with Castiel’s own body, showered with kisses that soften and slow until his breath evens out.
Dean makes a move as if to protest, but Sam stops him; the brothers’ silent communication is unimpaired. They descend the stairs and then they don’t quite know what to do: they stand in a circle, the three of them, Castiel slightly further off than the brothers. Ten years ago he would have thought nothing of this silence but now it's jarring.
Castiel often ponders how these new angels have experienced this rapid expansion of their limits. How long their fragile humanity can possibly be maintained without the forces that coerce them into interdependence. Whether they even recognize the yet oncoming transpositions.
after a long life of
They sit back down in the War Room.
„I, uhh... I’m sorry for thinking you were Lucifer.”
And Dean, by now, seems to have learned how to read Castiel in the dark, even when the rage of a caged animal clouds his senses. Now, too, he has so many faces, the calm and the turbulent all flowing into one, never quite cancelling each other out. Their fingers touch, when the bottle of ale is handed over; green eyes meet blue and a smile is exchanged, soft and warm and familiar, as is befitting of a reunion in peacetime.
Dean, naturally, seats himself next to Castiel, and even crowds him up against the armrest to
„Damn it, Cas. I missed you!”
The entrance to the bunker has not changed, it really didn’t have time to do so in two hours. Castiel hesitates but nevertheless kills the engine. There is a dead weight upon him as he knocks on the door, the action achingly familiar. More familiar now, than flying. But there is no response: nobody comes out to meet him. Castiel waits an hour for the brothers to return, if they even live here anymore. And in that hour, his courage trickles away into nothingness, and then he leaves.
And then, if only for a minute, everything is alright. Castiel is enveloped in a hug and he feels as if his Grace had swelled to reach the outermost neurons of this borrowed system –
„But yes,” he smiles at Dean in what he hopes is a reassuring manner, „I have also gained appreciation for your body in the human sense of desire. I would very much like to know you carnally, if that would be pleasing to you, as well.”
Dean has that smile on his face, with the hanging head, the slight disappointment, almost a chuckle. When he doesn’t quite know how to make sense of things.
„As long as you need, Dean.”
Castiel opens his mouth to protest, to absolve him of any perceived sin, but Dean shushes him as he continues: „That was harsh. It’s just, you know, it was fucking crap. You tell me how much I matter to you, man, and then the next moment you announce you’re fucking kicking the bucket for good. I thought I couldn’t go on the last time that happened. Hell, if it weren’t for Sam, and thinking Jack was gonna nuke the world...And then Chuck just goes and deletes humanity like it was his goddamn browser history. Cas... You’re my best friend. Fuck, I’ve lost you far too many times...”
Dean kills the static with the press of a button on the remote. And then the only sound in the room is his heartbeat, growing ever stronger and faster.
After all these years, the vessel is comfortable; and though all these years are truly but twelve, it carries a sense of home within it. Castiel knows that he likely will never experience the full scope of feeling and sensation that humanity has to offer, but he knows it is
– and then he is free.
Castiel had thought that he would become
„No need to apologize, Cas. It’s been a rough... hell, it’s been a rough life. But I’m not some fucking puppet anymore and I guess I’m still digesting that. Just let me, uh, let me sit on this one a little.”
And so Castiel is compelled to remark:
And he knew Dean cared for him, it could not be doubted. What Castiel couldn’t fathom accurately was the true extent of their bond. He had mapped every ebb and flow of the human’s soul onto the firing of each of his neurons, and yet he still couldn’t quite infer the processes contained within, not with genuine understanding. When he had professed his love for Dean, there had been tears in those beautiful green eyes, begging him to stop – his death or his confession?
He throws himself into the work that remains to be done, all the various matters that arise whenever planes of existence are constructed anew: conflicting laws of physics may be for Jack to resolve, but Castiel can occupy himself with coordinating the Heavenly Host.
He stashes the truck in Downs, Kansas and returns to Heaven.
The longer the time  he had spent on Earth and the further he had depleted his grace, the less food and drink had tasted of molecules. With his powers restored, his appreciation is once again constrained by the perception of each individual molecule constituting a meal; he misses the hazy coalescence of sensation that used to accompany consumption. He’ll take his complaint to Jack. He’ll opt for diminished powers any day over this inability to experience what Dean experiences.
And among all that remains unsaid, the space between the notes tells the trials of the man he loves. The delicate balance that keeps Dean from toppling, he sees, is compromised; he senses it in the smell of alcohol on the hunter’s breath, in the restless twitch of his calloused hands. Sam had always been fortunate enough to, by nature, seek the sorts of connections that stabilized him through the worst of storms. And though he’d suffered so many changes in his life, this stubborn dedication to contentment had allowed him peace.
There is silence then, perhaps even soft cursing, but Castiel can’t quite make it out.
He is clearly nervous; Castiel, too, swallows even though he doesn’t have to. Perhaps it is the connection to this vessel. Perhaps it is the intention of expressing himself in a way a human will comprehend. In a way that Dean will.
Whom he does plan to bother, now that his yearning overshadows his fear, is the Winchester brothers. A decade ago he had professed a more profound bond with the elder brother; and unlike the slow trickle of emotion that builds up to an angelic bond, the love he nurtured within himself for Dean had been a torrential downpour dismantling everything Castiel used to believe in.
He recounts it all: how he had called upon the Empty to swallow both himself and Billie. He talks about the Empty, about the voice that woke him up again, about the entity that he had yet again managed to anger. He tells of his eviction from that realm–
The Heaven of human souls is still a work in progress. For now, the scene is conceptual. Jack is considering his options, testing different variants across different subsections of his population. One thing is for certain: the afterlife is no longer an eternal slumber locked inside a dream, separated from fellow souls till the end of time. Isolation is no way for humans to exist, no matter their form.
„I love you,” he says. „I love you, Dean, in all of love’s possible forms, and whichever forms you will accept. I can only repeat what I have told you before the Empty took me. You are the most beautiful being I have ever set my eyes upon. It is written into your soul, it shines in its every oscillation, that you are a creature of love. I wish that you could see what I see when I look at you, the spark, the strength, the care... It was your soul that taught me to love, and it was your soul that perfected my love. I...”
There is something else, too: a resonance within every particle that he has no memory of ever being there. It is soft and pleasant, an omnipresent hum of tranquility. He feels it amplified within himself. It isn’t the least difficult to recognize.
The television has been functioning adequately since the Mrs Butters incident, although not properly maintained without the help of a magical housekeeper: it needs the occasional hardy thump to coax it back from freezing up. Dean has assembled a generously duct-taped apparatus from a mop handle and a broomstick that accomplishes this task with great efficacy, without ever having to stand up from the sofa. Castiel could technically fix the television with a snap of his fingers; Dean, however, seems to lean further and further into Castiel after every whack of the device, and so Castiel abstains from being helpful.
As he now stands explaining the functioning of the world to the new angels, imparting both history and culture unto them, Castiel is reminded of his own first decades in the garrison, attempting to reconcile multitudes of contrasting information. He never quite succeeded, and yet his confusions had never quite sufficed to germinate that seed until the touch of Dean Winchester’s soul had left him so mesmerized at the beauty of all that was forbidden.
He has mapped each flare of Dean’s soul onto the firing of each of his neurons, and yet he still cannot predict the precise nature of the sentiment bubbling within him. But Dean does not leave him in the dark; he never really seems to have been capable of doing so.
Dean breaks the silence, „I need a beer.”
An interference. Another
Then abruptly, Dean pulls away. His grip is firm on Castiel’s upper arms, and his eyes search Castiel’s. And Castiel cannot help but stare back, as he so often does: taking in every atom that constitutes Dean Winchester, marvelling at how these irrelevant little particles can coalesce into this being that means the world to him.
„Cas?” His voice is small, his expression bewildered, and suspicious; Castiel wonders what exactly had gone down on that fateful day. After what feels like an eternity, Sam shakes his head as if to clear his thoughts. „Come in.”
So Castiel admits, once again, to all that he feels: to the beauty of Dean Winchester’s soul, yes, but also to all his fears and regrets. He tries to explain it to Dean, how he had accepted that in that moment, his Death seemed more useful than his Life. He would have given Dean all his life, without hesitation: and yet, in that moment, it is his death that was needed, and so that is what he offered.
