“I swear, Charlie, I’m not insane.  He’s really real.  We have this connection.  I don’t know how else to explain it.”
“I was gonna meet Castiel?” Dean’s brain was buzzing again, impotent in the face of fate’s master plan.
Dean turned and locked eyes with him, the green looking muddy in the relative darkness of the car.  “Win/win,” he said coolly before turning back to face out the windshield.
Dean glanced over at Castiel, sitting so quietly on the passenger’s side of the front bench seat.  He liked the sight of the man looking serenely out at the passing scenery, a smile just barely tugging at his lips.  He pulled off the main highway and soon they were driving down a private road lined with thick trees on either side.  The treeline seemed to disappear suddenly as the road opened into a carefully manicured courtyard style driveway with a fountain crowded by red bougainvillea at its centre.  The two-floor red brick mansion with pitched roofs that stood at the end of the driveway was imposing with wings that shot off the main house at different angles and tall two-floor windows overlooking the courtyard.
Since moving in, Dean hadn’t spent much time in the common space of the building, and so as he stepped out of his apartment on the top floor, the smells that wafted up the staircase were mostly alien, and unwelcome.  He lost no time locking up and heading out into the cool morning air, shrugging on his green coat over his simple grey flannel shirt, which he always preferred to leave unbuttoned, exposing the black t-shirt he usually wore beneath.  He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  He had woken that morning with a driving sense of purpose.  He was going to find out what was going on with the walking trench coat situation.  Opening his call log he tapped a number near the top as he started walking down the busy residential street.
Castiel’s face broke into a wide smile as he looked up at Dean with wonder scintillating in his eyes and a deep chuckle escaped through his lips and warmed the pit of Dean’s stomach.  Castiel shook his head slowly, “Those things all sound nice, but it’s not what I want most.”
Dean managed to dodge the subsequent attempts and they both stopped as they heard a woman saying Dean’s name.  Castiel turned to look at the newcomer.  She was young and pretty, with long locks of vivid red hair and concerned brown eyes.  She put her hand on Dean’s shoulder and he visibly flinched at the touch.
Suddenly, Lydia burst into a genuine laugh and Dean looked up at her questioningly.  “You’ve got some all over your chin.  It’s the most… adorably gross thing I’ve ever seen.”
His certainty wavered and he laid his hands on top of hers stopping her in her attempt to remove his pants.  “Wait,” he managed to get out before she covered his mouth with hers again, her arms wrapping around his shoulders as she pressed herself against his bare chest.
“It’s growing on me,” he said, glancing at Dean shyly as he stared back, his eyes wide, the tip of his tongue darting out to moisten his lips.  Castiel felt himself fixate on the man’s plump lower lip and had to tear his gaze away quickly in case Dean noticed.  He reminded himself again that Dean was unattainable… on so many levels, not least of which was the physical impossibility of a relationship with him.  Paired with incompatible sexual preferences, and Castiel was forced again to concede that pining after him would get him nowhere good.
Dean hoped the man would leave now, but his stomach dropped when Crowley pulled his phone from his coat pocket.  No.  No, if he got Shurley on the phone the game was up.  Dean could feel the panic rising in him as he sensed the bear trap clamping around his ankle.  Crowley smiled a taut little smile at him while he waited for Shurley to answer, the phone to his ear.
With an endearing chuckle, the man looked around with a smile on his face, “Yeah.  I know.”  He paused looking around at the bookshelves, “I grew up with this stuff.  My dad owns the store, and his dad before him.  My grandfather dedicated his entire life to the research into everything supernatural.  A true man of letters.  This is his legacy.”
“I don’t understand that reference.  And I worry about the noise coming from your engine… should it be that loud?”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice was more confused than the contented sigh had been, but before Castiel could react, Dean startled up, jerking himself into a sitting position, looking around wildly.  “Castiel?”
Dean frowned at him a moment, just watching him.  “Alright, then.  Let’s go.  Faster we’re done with this, the faster I can get back to doing nothing.”
Frustration turning to impulsive anger, Castiel moved forward to stand where Dean was without a thought for what to do beyond that.  The moment he did, he felt a strange resistance, not at all like when he had moved through objects, walls and other people even.  It was like he had suddenly found himself in a constraining, ill-fitting wetsuit with a mind of its own.  He could feel the resistance of Dean’s body and mind fighting his presence.  His arm through Dean’s arm like a sleeve, he applied his whole will to make him put the glass with the remaining alcohol back down on the bar.
“Damnit,” Dean mumbled under his breath as the match in his hand burned right up to his fingers without him realizing.  He shook it out to extinguish it before looking at his red fingertips and sticking them in his mouth like a toddler.
“Cas, not for nothing,” Dean started, pulling Castiel back to the here and now, “but the last person who looked at me like that… I got laid.”
Dean felt Castiel’s hand on his face and he didn’t resist as the man guided his head back up so their eyes could meet.  “Tell me,” he demanded softly.
“This spirit is not gonna let up.”  Sam tapped the new card. “That’s the sigil for determination.  He’s not going to change his mind.”
“Dr. MacLeod, hi.  I’m Dr. Dean,” he cast about quickly for a likely alias, his mind jumping to one name: “Page.”
“You have to promise me.”  Castiel’s whole being suddenly radiated intensity and fervour and Dean trembled seeing the flame of it in his eyes.  “Promise me you’ll make more gardens like this one.  For me.”  Dean took a shaky breath convinced that he would soon be consumed by that fire as it spread from Castiel to him.  Almost as an after-thought, Castiel added, “And for the bees,” and the spell was broken; the tension suddenly dissipated as Dean started to laugh and Castiel smiled, the genuine joy in it almost as intoxicating as his previous intensity.
Dean came to stand beside him and picked up one of the portraits.  “Little Picassos.  What’s with the nose?”
“You’re not dumb, Dean,” Castiel said as he looked at him.  “A little lazy, maybe.  Cute, but lazy.”
“Dean,” came Castiel’s gruff voice from behind him, “Just because people are visiting the hospital, doesn’t mean they want to end up as critical care patients.”
“This is absurd,” Castiel said suddenly, drawing Dean’s attention back to him.  He was looking angry, as he glared at Sam beside him.  “Parlour tricks, Dean!  Witches, crystals, wards?  He’s just playing us.  He doesn’t know how to help me any more than the other side show acts you had traipse through here.”  He was upset, and the more upset he got, the more that pendulum swung in wild circles.  The lights started to flicker around them as Castiel’s fists closed tightly.  He swung a hand towards the cards and though Dean expected it to go right through, like his hands always did, a card flew out mid-shuffle like it had be knocked out of Sam’s hands.
The coffee fizzled and glurgged its last drop into the cheap paper cup and Castiel picked it up, turning to head out the door and back into action.  “That’s not going to get me that attending position.”
“Of course, God loves me, I haven’t been kissing that insufferable man’s ass all this time for sport.”
Castiel finally blinked away the pain in his eyes and everything came into focus all at once: the bed railing, the portable heart rate monitor clamped to it, Jody, Gabriel and Rowena standing beside the bed and a multitude of others standing further back as he looked around.  His vision blurred again as a spike stabbed his right temple.
He pushed open the gate and gestured Castiel to go ahead of him so he could watch his reaction.  He did not disappoint.  As he walked into the estate’s sprawling gardens, Castiel went from a regular walk, to slow motion, to a full-on Dorothy “We’re not in Kansas anymore” open-mouthed, slow turn.  Dean felt himself glowing on the inside seeing Castiel so captivated by the beauty all around him.  And just as Castiel took in the garden, Dean took in Castiel.  He couldn’t take his eyes off him, although he would have loved to lose the damn trench coat to get a better look at what he could only guess was a trim physique.  Still, he liked the shape of him, even with the stupid coat.
The morning fog rolled around him in sweet delicate tendrils, the heavy air thick with the smell of a thousand flowers, the sunlight trapped in the maze of suspended droplets and refracted until all that was left was a pinkish hue that wrapped itself around every surface.  Time stood still as the air slowly cleared inch by inch to reveal a flower trimmed garden path: soft lines of petals and leaves swirled together with the stone in a delicate balance between natural chaos and rigid perfection.  Castiel soaked in the warmth from the filtered sunlight as it slowly dissipated the fog, the rolling mist curling around his feet, draining away everything from his mind, body and soul until all that was left was deep peace and a sense of well-being, far from the hectic pace, far from worries and duties.  Here, he felt only the joy of being surrounded by such beauty and soothing ca-
Dean’s smile fell off his face again and he frowned as he turned the key in the ignition.  Castiel went back to thinking about the encounter they’d just had and he looked out the side window at the house, imagining that the man was spying on them as they pulled away from the curb.  “What if I really was someone’s secret gay lover?” he mused out loud.  “Oh my God… I’m a homewrecker.”
Dean could feel the emotions he normally kept in tight lockdown try to surface and he stood up quickly from the table.  “I gotta go.”
A few hours, what?  Dean turned his head, the airlessness in his lungs loosening a little.  A few hours?  He hadn’t left the place in days.
“Look for the light!” Dean called out in sheer bravado, trying to ignore the fear and confusion brought on by the whole situation.
The sky was a slate grey as the clouds threatened to unleash the rain they contained on the concerned pedestrians who were hurrying to their destinations before they got soaked.
Dean turned towards him slightly, but kept his voice down, “What look?  What’s wrong?  We’re about to get some answers.”
“Oh yeah!  Of course,” he continued a little more calmly, “Go right ahead.  I’m sure he’s in his office; you should go see him.  We’ll wait right here.”
Castiel broke away from the stare, looking off to the side towards the window.  He frowned and Dean turned to look at what he had seen.  Dean’s stomach churned a little when he remembered what it was that he had put there the night before.
“No, seriously.  It’s refreshing.  I swear, most of the men I’ve dated in this city were just a never-ending parade of cloned fakes.  It’s nice to see someone be so natural.”
Dean yawned and rubbed at his TV dried eyes.  He looked up from his slouched position on the couch to see the dark skies out the window.  He glanced at his phone on the table buried under cartons of takeout and saw it was going on 1 a.m.  With a groan he unglued himself from the couch and shuffled his way to the bedroom at the other end of the hallway, detouring by the washroom to evacuate his ration of beer.  With another groan he crawled onto the bed, burying himself in the soft pillows.  He could feel himself succumbing to the blissful nothingness of drunken slumber, the city lights illuminating the bed that had been placed inside the bow windows.  It was like being surround by the night sky and cityscape as he fell asleep.
Dean looked away from the phone and focused on Castiel.  Like hell was he letting this happen without a goddamn fight. “We gotta go talk to your brother,” he said, putting his phone away and turning back towards the gate without waiting for a response.
Castiel opened his eyes and saw nothing but the empty room and that feeling of absence gripped him again.  He shook himself of his fanciful thoughts and his eyes landed on a white ring marring his coffee table.  He frowned as he traced it with his finger, thinking that he should know how that got there.  However, all his probing into his memories yielded nothing but a sense of something forgotten.
A dash of frustration and an exploited weakness and suddenly a waiter collapsed into the center of an open space, the tray that had been in his hands causing a clatter that made Castiel and Dean turn around again.
“I have a nice hot cup of black coffee here,” he said loudly to the empty room, “It would be such a shame if it suddenly spilled all over these custom-made pillows and stained the rich upholstery.” He began to tip the cup towards the sofa, the dark liquid sloshing close to the brim.
“The most common bee in the northern hemisphere is the Halictidae, or sweet bees.  But they’re so small, most people mistake them for wasps or even flies.”
With a huff, Castiel shook off the melancholy of his self-pity and he grew unshakably certain that Dean would help him, even if he had to force him to do it.
Dean called out to him and Sam looked up, shaking the stray strands out of his face before smiling widely at Dean and… was he looking right at Castiel?
“Also, not a lady,” Castiel said, narrowing his eyes, the momentary glimmer of hope instantly snuffed out, while Dean laughed quietly.  Clearly, they had not been friends.  “Let’s just go.”
“I didn’t mean it that way.  Dean,” Castiel pleaded, feeling more awkward than ever, alienating the one person helping him.  He followed Dean across the street and was suddenly struck by that feeling of familiarity.  He frowned as he looked around and his eyes landed on the glassed restaurant front with the sheer white drapes.  “Dean!”
“Ssh,” he stopped him gently as he pulled him back into his arms to kiss him once again, his hand against his cheek once more.
The jarring sound of Dean’s cell phone in his pocket grabbed him and sent him crashing back to Earth and this horrible reality where Castiel was not his, was nothing more than air and shadows and a comatose body on a hospital bed. The phone rang again and still Dean did nothing to stop its strident demand for attention.
“Mostly, I watched the world out there,” he turned to look back out the window, “There is so much life passing by every second of every minute…”
“Oh my God.  It’s you.” Dean’s voice no longer sounded distant and faded and Castiel turned his head to see him stepping further into the room to stand beside him.  “You’re not dead!”
“All right, but seriously, dude, even if this is all really happening, do you have any idea what you’re risking for this guy?  Come on, what the hell?”
Dean sat back down on the couch.  “So, what do you want to do?” he asked him gently, and when Castiel looked away, Dean raised his hand and curled his fingers under Castiel’s chin, feeling that current, that energy flowing between them all up and down his arm.  Castiel turned his head back to look at him, and still Dean kept his hand on him, it was almost like he could feel him.
With a mischievous grin, hidden by the press of their lips, Dean ran his hands down Castiel’s naked back and smoothed down over his firm ass still covered by his trousers.  He gave it a quick squeeze before pulling up, giving himself a push with his legs and lifting Castiel up off the ground.  The man gasped in surprise as Dean guided his legs to wrap around his waist.
“I hate this,” Jody said, suddenly, drawing Castiel’s attention. “He finally gets a life, and then…”
With a wink he turned and walked away, down a side corridor, disappearing so quickly, it was like he had simply vanished.  The news starting to sink in, Castiel trembled with excitement on the inside, feeling weightless and joyful as he turned to head back to his locker to change.
The next day dawned grey and foggy but by the time Dean woke from his drunken stupor it was well past noon and though the sun had not managed to pierce through the cloud cover, the fog had dissipated.  Castiel sat silently, perched on the edge of the bed waiting for Dean to regain some form of coherent consciousness.  He stared quietly out the window for lack of anything else that he could do, and he tried to think of the different places where they might go to get information about him.  To his frustration though, his mind felt slow and sluggish and would not give him any insights and so he sat, and he watched, and he waited.
“And you!  You’re no help!” he turned his frustrations on Castiel, calling out to him from the hallway.  “You could’ve helped me out with your brother a bit at least! But no!  You choose that exact moment to roll over and—”
Why was he here?  Another couple stood from where they were sitting at the bar and moved off towards another part of the crowded place.  Castiel spied a familiar shape leaning against the bar and talking with a pretty, young brunette.  In his hand, was a nearly empty tumbler.  Castiel barely cared that there was no way that the man had left the apartment, found a bar and had already finished at least one drink in the space of a single blink… he simply put it out of his mind as he approached him.
Gabriel walked around Dean and crouched down beside the table where his daughters had pulled out more paper and were busy drawing.  Dean turned to face Castiel again, feeling that hope fan into excitement.
Castiel could feel his anger and frustration grow as he looked down at Crowley ignoring his duty.  “Do you realize there are people out there dying?  I’m in a coma.  Have you even noticed?”
“It’s no use,” he said, sitting up again.  “There’s just nothing connecting me to this body anymore.”  He stood up beside the bed once more, feeling the sadness and despair start to well up inside him.  “It’s a cruel twist of fate that brought us so close just to dash all our hopes like an impetuous child.”
The bartender put the drink down in front of Dean and walked away with the empty glass.  Dean turned it slowly, watching the light shine through the amber liquid.  Castiel was getting irritated with his attitude.  He could feel his earlier frustration trying to deal with Dean’s attempts to expel him from his own home rising in him again.  “If it’s a hangover you want, I can start that for you right now.”
“I’m sorry if I’m coming on too strong.  I just figured, two consenting adults… we could have a little fun.”
Dean stopped his words as he turned the corner into the living room and spotted Castiel.  The fight, anger, frustration just drained out of him, leaving him cold and helpless in the face of Castiel’s despair.  He was sitting on the couch lining the bow window staring at an open book on the coffee table in front of him.  His arm was resting on the wood, his fingers brushing the edges of the pages, as though getting ready to turn then… only his fingers weren’t brushing the paper, they were going right through it, unable to pinch and manipulate it.
And suddenly, Cas’s hands were on his belt buckle, tugging at the supple leather to unhook it.  Dean’s eyes fluttered open again to see the look of quiet concentration on the other man’s face, a shadow of hesitation making him frown.  God, Dean wanted him so badly, but not enough to force him to do something he wasn’t ready for.  He let him go, and pulled his hands away from his now untied belt, taking deep steadying breaths.  He drew Cas’ hands to his mouth and kissed his fingers tenderly.
“Uh…” Dean stalled searching for a way to put into words what had happened in his apartment.  He waved his hand towards the bookshelf absently.
Dean stomped off towards the kitchen to try to cool off.  He leaned his hands against the island counter, his shoulders hunched.  Every muscle in his back and arms was tense from trying to control the swell of anger that had come out of seemingly nowhere.  It took him a moment to realize that Sam had followed him and was back to shuffling the deck of oracle cards slowly as he leaned back against the main counter beside the fridge.
“The apartment,” he said barely above a whisper so only Castiel could hear.  “The rooftop.  The garden.”
Dean shifted on the bench and leaned over, his face moving into Castiel’s line of sight as he peered up at him.  Castiel could see something flicker momentarily on his face, was it concern?  Empathy?  But it disappeared as he straightened back up and leaned back on the park bench.  Castiel turned to look at him and he rolled his green eyes, darkened by the shadows around them, but still clear in the lighting of the nearby lamppost.
The anger flooded back in Castiel’s face and he moved forward and grabbed Dean’s shirt in his fist.  Only, his hand went right through him too.  “You missed,” Dean taunted him, crossing his arms over his chest in smug victory.  Castiel drew back his arm and aimed his closed fist right at Dean’s head, but he didn’t even flinch when the fist, that normally would have jerked his head to the right, didn’t even stir the air as it went right through him again.
“No, I’m Ed.”  Dean blinked a few times, bringing his attention back to who was talking to him, trying hard to wrap his head around just how much of an idiot he was dealing with.  “Listen, Dave,” he continued, turning Dean away from the group’s activities by putting a hand on his upper arm.  It didn’t stop the one holding the camera from coming in closer, filming them, and Dean kept a suspicious eye on him.  “Have you experienced any cold spots?”
“You left me back there,” Castiel said, annoyed, suddenly sitting beside Dean on the front bench seat.
Dean sighed, wanting nothing more than to sink into Castiel’s tight embrace and drift off in his post sex glow.  He felt sluggish and sated and never wanted to move from that spot on Castiel’s shoulder, but first he had to clean up the sticky mess he had made on Castiel.  He shifted over from between Castiel’s legs so he could stretch himself on his side and grabbed the necessary tissues to wipe up his come before settling himself back into his arms.
“My hand… tingled.”  Castiel shook his head and rolled his eyes, letting his hand fall back to his side.  “I sound like a nine-year-old girl.”
What had started off as a light laugh quickly turned into gasping laughter as Dean tried to catch his breath.  “Wow,” he finally managed to say as the last of the spasms shook through him.  He pressed a hand to his side as he made it down the stairs and back to the sidewalk beside the car.
From the sheltered entrance to a nearby apartment building, a flyer printed on pink paper suddenly tore away from the advertising billboard.  It swirled and danced gracefully as it fluttered in the breeze.  It drifted over the sidewalk and around a parked car, then back up in the air with an updraft and swooped again.  It swerved around urban obstacles deftly, never staying stuck in place, always moving.
“Tell her it’s a tension pneumothorax,” Castiel said, “You need a sharp paring knife and bottle of vodka.”
“I’m so sorry, Charlie!” Dean said, his voice falling into the unnatural quiet the stopped conversations had created in the bar.  The sound of the band playing in the other room was the only noise left as everyone watched them warily, agog.
“A word of advice,” Lisa said as she moved past Castiel towards the door, “Enjoy the bachelor life while you can.”
“Hey,” a voice said from his left, making him startle.  A sort of knee jerk reflex made him try to shield the book in his hands from the tall stranger now standing beside him.  Dean wasn’t used to being towered over, at six-foot-one, he was considered tall in most gatherings, but this guy made him feel like a shrimp.  “Brick Holmes huh?” the man went on nodding to the book in Dean’s hands.  He was somewhat relieved to realize that the giant was in fact the clerk he had spied coming in, and not some random San Franciscan.  Besides, this guy looked like he wouldn’t laugh at him, maybe.
Castiel was mortified for a half-second after the words escaped his mouth, but it quickly turned to relief and amazement when Dean’s face morphed into a goofy, lop-sided grin.  “Oh!  Thank you.”  Castiel couldn’t help but smile with him.
As though waking from his slumber and noticing the weather, he hunched in on himself, turning up the collar of his wet coat, and walked on.
“You’re cleaning up all this water,” Castiel stated, then he walked off towards the kitchen and Dean dropped his arms in complete exasperation as the priest continued to splatter blindly at nothing.
Castiel brought up his hand to receive the key and the man brought his down to line up their palms, the skin barely brushing his.  It was like an electric shock raced up Castiel’s arm and zapped into his mind unlocking what had been inaccessible a moment before and he gasped as the memories came flooding back to him: the apartment, the rooftop, the garden.
“Tell her you’re my boyfriend,” Castiel instructed him.  When Dean didn’t say anything Castiel turned to look at him as he fidgeted.  Annoyed and hurt, Castiel forgot to be kind, “Suck it up, Dean.  It’s just to get information.  She can’t tell you anything if we’re not intimate.  You don’t have to be so homophobic about it.”
The crystal on the pendulum swung side-to-side and Sam’s eyes were drawn to it again thoughtfully.  “Let’s try something else then.”
Castiel’s eyes fixed on Dean’s and he could see the passion in their intensity, like the flames of the candles were somehow glowing from inside him and he found himself struggling to breathe.  Cas’s bare arms wrapped themselves around Dean’s head as he threw himself against him in another kiss, it was all Dean could do to get his arms around him to stop him from bouncing off his chest.
Dean winced in the sunlight as they stepped back out onto the street.  He rubbed at the pain that had settled into a point between his eyes.  He could use a drink.
The man stopped and turned expectantly, his face and the set of his shoulders betraying the hope that the man could barely contain.  Castiel hesitated as he opened his mouth to speak to him.  “I need the key,” he finally said.
“What?  You know how hard it is to turn down a silver platter like that?  Besides, that woman is a nine.  Smokin’.”
He sat himself on the edge of the bed and Dean scrambled his feet away, trying to stay away from the man his mind had conjured up.  He fixed Dean with an unwavering stare that he felt would eat away his very soul.  What demon had he conjured for himself? “Has your alcohol consumption increased recently?”
“You get him plugged to the new equipment and ready to roll.” Dean pointed to Charlie and then nodded to Castiel.  “I’m gonna stall the flaming douche.  You’re with me.”
“Is it wrong?  To want to be with someone?” she went on, clearly oblivious to his distraction as she wrapped her arms up around his neck. “To touch them?  Feel their warmth when the night is cold?”  Dean kept his eyes on Castiel, and her words seared into him as he imagined holding Castiel, his yearning flaring brightly as the man’s eyes shifted to his again and it felt like he was looking right into his soul.
A cool breeze blew through the mostly green leaves of the trees that covered a vast expanse of the oasis-like Golden Gate Park. The sounds of children at play and idle chatter punctuated the relative stillness and peace of the island forest, framed into unnatural straight edges by the surrounding city streets. Open plains of carefully manicured lawns stretched out in undulating hills flooded by the warming touch of the afternoon sunlight. A family of four sat on a checkered blanket pulling sandwiches and cut vegetables from a carefully packed beach bag. A group of thirty-somethings ran along the asphalt paths pushing strollers and idly chatting about mortgages and summer vacations. A gaggle of college students lay under trees surrounded by books and notes while they horsed around. A couple sat together at the base of a tree, lip-locked and oblivious to the world around them.
Dean turned back to look at Gabriel, determined to make his case.  He could do this.  For Castiel.  “I know about his situation.  And I know that it’s got to be hard, keeping the hope alive for his recovery.  But you can’t give up now.  Your brother is fighting, and it’s the fight of his life.  You can’t pull the plug on him, it’d be like cutting the legs out from under him.  He’s gotta keep fighting, so he can come back to us.”
“I have no clue,” Dean said, getting into the car. Castiel appeared in the passenger seat and Dean turned towards him, like he had known that he would be sitting right there when he turned.  “But you can help me.”
Charlie found a couple of lab coats hanging behind the door and she and Dean threw them on over their regular clothes.  Everything in place and ready, they pushed the gurney out and through to the hall, heading for Castiel’s room.
“What light?” Castiel asked, his deep grit sounding just as exasperated as Dean felt.  “There is no light!”
“Why’s that?” Dean asked automatically, as he went around the open bookcase acting as a separator between areas of the open space main room that looked like it spanned nearly the whole front of the building.  He walked through an entryway and back out into the hallway that ran parallel to it.
Dean’s mind jumped to Charlie right away and he could feel the strange panic in his chest, had this guy been spying on him? “How the hell did you know that?”
Eventually, Dean managed to round up the frazzled gaggle of birdbrained twits and shepherded them out the door, which he was overjoyed to close in the cameraman’s face.  The resulting crunch of shattering electronics and accompanying curse words filled him with intense satisfaction.
Castiel frowned; Dean’s eyes were boring into his so intently.  “I don’t know.  But it won’t matter soon anyways.  Brain activity is decreasing every day.”
“You’re welcome,” answered Dean as he closed the door, Castiel settled on the passenger side of the full front seat.  He watched him walk around the front of the car, that easy smile back on his face, and then he was opening the driver’s door with another squeal and sat down.
“I keep thinking,” Castiel whispered, his voice loud like thunder and shaking through him, “That if you could ever really touch me… I might wake up from all of this.”
“Um… laundry,” he answered feeling foolish.  “Why are you here?”  Dean realized his tone sounded a little harsh when Castiel’s shoulders dipped slightly and he looked away.  Dean scolded himself, feeling like the world’s biggest ass.
“Oh, it’s not.  It’s really not…  I was just thinking that it’s a good thing the apartment has a great view, ‘cause the neighbours suck.”
Castiel pressed his hips against his again, bumping into him.  Dean groaned and lay his hands on his shoulders holding him in place as he dropped his head in the crook of his neck.  “Cas, I don’t know if I can take much more of this.”  Dean fisted his trench coat in an attempt to keep him just far enough for him to get a hold of himself again, but also making sure the man wasn’t moving away.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m truly sorry,” said Jody as she took a step into the room but stayed leaning against the open door.  “I have an appointment and I can’t leave you in here alone.”
“We’re not talking about a faulty engine.  My body is only being kept alive by those machines.  How do you think you’re going to take my body away?  How will my body stay alive?”
Silvered light flooded the apartment that had never really belonged to Dean as he gathered his few possessions and put them into his duffel bag.  He dropped the bag by the door and looked around one last time trying to soak in the last of Castiel’s lingering presence.  He tried not to look for him in the shadows of the room’s corners knowing full well that the spirit had left him for good.
Dean looked up at the room, peeking over the edge of the book like a child peering around a pillow at a horror movie expecting something gross and terrifying to pop out at him.  First glance showed him that the room was as empty as it had been before.  He lowered the book and looked around carefully, trying to peer into the dark corners.  “Are you here?” he asked those dark corners.  The air felt charged, like static permeated every molecule of empty space around him, and Dean felt the hair on his arms stand on end.  “Come on.  I think you’re here.”
“Maybe later,” answered Dean, his voice back to his more regular tone.  “I was actually curious about the previous tenant in nine.  Do you remember him at all?  About yea tall, rugged, big blue eyes?”  Dean smiled charmingly again.
Dean stood up too, his body still tense from the adrenaline rush through his system and he wavered a moment, his arms coming up towards Castiel, like he was reaching for him before remembering that there was nothing of him to embrace.  Castiel ignored the pang, trying to hold on to the euphoria of having figured out another piece of the puzzle.  “Ask them where the nearest hospital is.”
“I tried to tell them that, but nobody could hear me.” Castiel’s distress was almost palpable as he looked at Dean.  “And I… I wanted to talk to… to you.”
He wrapped his hand around Castiel’s shaft, and blue eyes closed tightly as he sucked in his breath, pulling in his stomach towards his navel.  Dean smiled at the reaction and slowly started to move his hand up and down, keeping his fingers loose enough to not pull at the sensitive skin.  With an open-mouthed moan and quick short gasps, Castiel sank back onto the pillows.  Dean smiled, enjoying watching Castiel’s genuine reactions to his touch: God it was so hot.  The sounds he made as he increased the speed of his strokes, his rolling stomach as he tried to breathe through the gasps, his eyes alternating between wide open in wonder and squeezed tightly shut.  And to think that Dean was the first one to see him like this.  All of it was almost too much.  “How’s that feel?” Dean asked him.
All Dean wanted was to make Cas moan just like that over and over, to shower him in kisses and make him feel all hot and fuzzy as the ecstasy rolled through him.  Dean began kissing his way down Cas’s chest and stomach again until he reached the edge of the boxers.  He curled his fingers under the elastic, getting ready to remove the last of Castiel’s clothes.  A startled gasp from Castiel made him pause and look up.  From his spot at Castiel’s waist, he could just see the man’s nervous swallow as he looked straight up  Dean whispered his name, waiting for him to look down at him again so he could see those big blue eyes, and Castiel would see his earnestness.
Clearly, there was a mix up.  Though the man clearly thought he knew him, Castiel didn’t.  “I’m sorry,” he stammered as he tried to articulate his confusion.  “I…”
Castiel closed his eyes and sighed, unsure what emotion he was trying to release: relief from the fuzziness that had invaded him, loss at not feeling Dean anymore, joy that he wanted to kiss him, or sorrow that he would never feel the press of his lips.
Sam shuffled the deck again and pulled the top card again.  His face fell as he looked at it.  He glanced up at Dean with deep sadness, and that look.  Dean thought he would never have to deal with that look ever again, and here it was, like this stranger knew all his secrets.  His anger swelled and he thought he would choke on it.
Dean smiled as he came to stand beside him at the centre of the spiral.  “I made this.”  Castiel turned his wonder-filled eyes on Dean as he continued.  “You asked what I was like… before.  This is what I did.” Dean gestured with his arm wide to the whole of the carefully planned garden.  “I was a landscape architect.  Even had my own company for a while.”
In the growing silence, and at this proximity, the blue-eyed stare was becoming more and more unnerving and Dean grabbed for the newspaper he had left on the sofa cushion beside him earlier.  He shook it open and disappeared behind the printed pages.  He attempted to concentrate on the article in front of him.  Though he read the words, he could not string them together coherently: the longer the ghost’s silence permeated the room, the more Dean began to wonder if he was still there.  And if he wasn’t, where had he gone?  Slowly, Dean lowered the newspaper, his suspicions were validated when he saw the dark television screen, no Castiel to block his view.  Startled, he looked to the left only to find him leaning over the back of the couch, his face barely a breath away from his ear.
“I’m sorry, I don’t want to scare you,” he said as he started moving towards the walkway that would take him back to the apartment.  “Goodbye, Cas,” he added almost like an afterthought.
“Like hell it is,” Dean answered him. “Listen, chump.  I’ve got Castiel right here, okay?  And for some dumbass reason, I’m the only one who can see and hear him, alright?  But he’s there.”
“You know them!” Dean said, turning on the seat to face Castiel.  “You’ll be right there to help me.  You can tell me everything I need to do.”
Thoroughly ignoring her as she hobbled after him on her high heels, he jogged up the few steps in the recessed arched entrance.  Within minutes, the superintendent was opening the door to an apartment on the top floor of the three-floor walk-up.
“Um, hi.  I’m Dean Winchester.  You don’t know me, but I know your brother, Castiel?”  The man’s eyebrows shot up his forehead.  “I was wondering if we could talk?”
It was barely a blink, no more than a moment and a single thought: he hoped Dean was alright.  Disoriented Castiel found himself in a crowded room with noise and people crammed into every available space, breathing every molecule of oxygen and leaving none for him.  People stood and walked right through him on their way to the door and it felt like it had felt when he had moved around the room with those gadget holding experts: nothing.  Though he had set off their equipment, they had been no more than specters, wisps of air coloured in people and clothes and that’s how these strangers now surrounding him and moving through him felt.  They were on different planes of reality, he could see them, but he remained unseen, untouched and alone.
Castiel nodded a twinge of yearning squeezing at him.  Jody caught his eye, cocking her head into his line of vision.  She gave him a quirky smile as she crinkled her nose.  “Don’t listen to them,” she said, patting him on the shoulder.  “You’ll find the right guy for you, in your own time.”
“Apiculture has been practiced for millennia.  Evidence of the cultivation of honey can be found in both Ancient Egypt and Ancient Greece.”
Castiel felt himself flutter, Dean’s excitement catching even if he didn’t share his optimism.  “What are you going to do?”
Sam shook his head and pulled another card.  “Not your ghost, Dean.”  Dean stiffened hearing his name used so familiarly by the stranger.  He looked at the card as Sam put it down on the counter.  It showed two circles linked together, one was faded and barely there and the other was scuffed and broken.  “You have to let this one go.  It’s killing you.”
nickname be any different? He turned to watch his retreating back and something clicked in his mind.
When Castiel opened his eyes again, Dean had that mischievous grin in place, and he twitched his eyebrows once before moving around Castiel and grabbing his boots from the closet.  “Dean,” he said, but the man just stuck his feet into his boots and headed straight out of the apartment.
“Listen, Dean,” she said, suddenly serious as she reached under the table to put a comforting hand on his knee, “This life might not be so much with the awesome lately, I’ll give you that, but you can’t just check out.  This is the first time I’ve seen you in months.  You can’t just wallow at home, feeling sorry for yourself.  You’ve got to move on, or else, I’m sorry, but this guy?  This “asshole in a trenchcoat”?  It’s just the beginning.  It’s been two years, Dean.  It’s time.”
Dean glanced back towards the open part of the van where Castiel was sitting in a jumper seat barely affected by the van’s wild rocking.  Charlie, however, was plastered to the passenger door holding on to handle and dashboard and looking a little pale.
The man avoided his eyes as he approached, looking around at the garden while he pushed up the sleeves of his taupe coloured Henley.  There was something familiar about him, Castiel realized, but like the ring on his table, he couldn’t figure out what. It felt like his soul was reaching for the man as he stepped onto the deck. It terrified him, turning his stomach to knots.
Castiel had turned quiet and his frown had been in place since they had crossed the Golden Gate Bridge back into San Francisco.  They didn’t need to talk, the plan had been set, the details would be ironed out in the moment, and Dean wasn’t one to put up with useless chatter, but he was worried about him.  He wished he knew the magic words to make everything alright again, so he could see Castiel’s wonder and joy from the garden, but what could someone possibly say to the spirit of a man in a coma who just found out his breaths were counted.
“Well, that was something!” he said, with a pensive nod.  He gathered the cards and put them back in their protective case.  “Just so you know, these things really give me the creeps.”
“Dean!  This is seriously not cool, man.  Knock it off!” Charlie yelled, punching their shoulder and Castiel felt it like a faint tap, Dean’s skin a buffer but also a conductor for the touch.  He had to get Dean out of that bar.  With a cry that was matched by Dean as they worked against each other, Castiel pulled back to straighten him up and Dean dragged the glass along with him.  A sudden turn and jerk, and the contents of the glass spilled all over Charlie who cried out, grabbing at her wet shirt before slapping them hard.
It was Castiel’s turn to look surprised.  Blood?  Why would he have blood on his suits?  Castiel looked down at himself, his blue suit as pristine as if he’d just put it on, even though he could no longer remember wearing anything else.  His trench coat had no visible stains on it either.  Blood?
“Can I help you?” the man asked in a slightly nasal voice that reminded him of a stereotype New York mobster.  Beyond the voice being slightly annoying though, there was nothing about the man that evoked even a spark of feeling or recognition.
“Okay, so, sometimes people experiencing extreme stress can have psychic moments, it’s not unheard of,” Charlie was mumbling, looking between Dean and the empty space behind her.
“What is happening to me?” he uttered, all the anger drained away and leaving only a terrified whisper.
“Dean,” he moaned, his low, rough timber knotting his lower abdomen delightfully and sending a shock down to his pelvis, his cock hardening further.
Castiel’s shoulders fell in disappointment.  It wasn’t just the gun shot victim’s life hanging in the balance of that decision, he knew that picking Crowley only confirmed what Raphael had said before: God loved Crowley, and Castiel wasn’t worthy.
Castiel looked at the excitement in Dean’s face and felt hopeful.  Dean’s enthusiasm was contagious, and it gave Castiel the courage to try.  “Alright,” he said, looking down at himself, determined to make it work.
“Hey Ash!” called out a voice behind Castiel as he reviewed the files, “The eighties are over!  When are you getting rid of the mullet?”
Castiel couldn’t take his eyes off him as he fidgeted and hesitated through his words.  Gone was the smug, hardened mask he usually wore.  He looked everywhere but at Castiel as he went on.
Castiel pondered this for a moment but couldn’t come up with anything himself.  What in the world could comfort someone who thought they were dead and who was now a disembodied spirit roaming the Earth unseen and unheard?  “I still don’t know anything about who I am, or was, or…  If I could just remember.  Maybe it would explain… all of this.”  He paused looking up at the dark sky in thought.  “But I can’t do it alone.”
A few minutes later, he stepped into the elevator dressed in his navy suit with a white shirt and blue tie under his tan trench coat.  He had combed his hair, or tried to, and although he didn’t have time to shave, he decided that maybe the rugged look suited him.
“No, I really don’t think you do.  What’s your last name?” Dean asked, cutting right into his next questions oblivious to the man’s sudden stoic silence as he moved in on him again.  “Where do you work?  How long have you been in San Francisco? Who are your parents?”  With each question, the spirit seemed to back up and somehow, he looked like he was shrinking in his trench coat, a look of startled panic on his face.  “Come on, Cas, admit it.  You don’t remember a thing.”
He picked up a wooden box stained black with odd symbols painted on it in white.  The inside of the box was lined in dark blue satin and nestled in it was a large deck of cards.  For a second, Dean thought they were going to play poker, but when Sam started shuffling them in his hands, his long fingers having no trouble handling the oversized deck, he saw that they weren’t typical playing cards.  They were as black as their box, and though they looked unmarked by scuffs or shorn corners, they felt old to Dean as they flowed from one of Sam’s hands to the other.
“No,” Dean teased him, feeling his arms starting to shake from the effort of keeping him up, “You’re shorter.”
Rowena looked at him, and her heavily make-uped eyes softened as she did.  She put her hand on his cheek and smiled.  “Don’t worry about it, dear.”
He turned back towards the couch and the mindless TV as he cracked the tab on his beer.  He stopped dead in his tracks when he looked up to find a man in a tan trench coat standing with his back to him in the middle of the room.
“To Hell with you!”  Dean stormed out of the room and disappeared into the hallway beyond, the sound of the door slamming behind him like a clap of thunder.  The paintings and pictures on the walls shook in their frames.
By some masterful stroke of old-fashioned good luck, no one noticed them as the rolled through the hallways, eyes too busy reading charts, or talking to stunned-looking family members, or suddenly turning in the opposite direction upon remembering an important task.
“Dull?” Castiel reacted.  He wasn't dull.  Dean subtly waved his hand at him and he understood that to mean shut up, so he settled for glaring at the older man who had called him “dull”.
Dean burst through the door removing his jacket and boots, his mind a swirl of conflicting thoughts and emotions while his chest constricted his breathing.  “That crazy hipster doesn’t know what he’s talking about!” He moved about the apartment rambling, his restlessness stopping him from settling down in one place and turning his steps to pacing.  “I mean, what does he know, huh?  According to the lore…  I tell you where he can stick his stupid lore!”  He felt like his blood was boiling.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean cried out feeling like his heart would jump out of his chest.  He grabbed his nearby towel and wrapped it around his hips to cover himself up from Castiel’s discomfiting presence.  “Ever heard of personal space? Come on!”
“Alright,” Dean was saying, “I was thinking we can start with your neighbours.  See if you were friendly with any of them.”  Castiel turned to look at him and Dean stopped, in the process of adjusting his shirt collar.  “What’s wrong?  Bad idea?”
Castiel looked up, he hadn’t realized how close he had leaned in towards Dean as he looked at the scribbled numbers.  Remembering how he felt about having his private space invaded, Castiel quickly straightened up and took a step back, swallowing non-existent spit.  Why was he being so awkward?  He glanced up as Dean walked past him and he noticed that the beer had been left, forgotten and untouched, except a sip or two, on the counter.
“Cas,” Dean whispered against his lips even as he tried to put a little distance between them to recover.
She looked at him with a raised eyebrow, “Well what’s the option?  I don’t see myself settling down any time soon.”
Dean and Castiel exchanged arched eyebrows as the tiny redhead stared ahead, dead serious.  She was this small, cute-as-a-button and compassionate person and Dean had known her for years.  Who would have thought that she was hiding fifty shades of psycho under there?
“Oh, right.  I’ve been meaning to drop in and see who was on top of me.”  She had a slightly smoky voice, low and seductive like a 50’s lounge singer.
They stood side-by-side outside the solid wooden front door and Dean turned to look at him as they waited for someone to answer the doorbell.  His distinctive Slavic features were all the more emphasized from this view, especially with his eyebrows knitted together as they were.  “Everything’s going to be alright,” he told him.  Castiel just turned his head to look at him, his expression unreadable as he nodded.
“No, baby,” Dean kissed his hands again and looked at him, “I don’t want you to do anything, just because my body has a mind of its own.  It’s okay if you’re not ready.”
The doors opened on the third floor and more memories of his time spent there came back.  When he hadn’t been on emergency room duty, this was the ward he had spent the most time on.  It was an extension of the ER without being intensive care.  People who had come in at the emergency level, who weren’t in critical state but also weren’t well enough to be discharged were usually dispatched here while they waited for various surgeries and treatments.
“Dean,” he said his name as he was wrapped in his presence, his whole body tingling as their souls embraced like long-lost lovers. “It wasn’t a dream.”
Gabriel’s expression was closed-off as he stood and stared at Dean.  Dean turned to look at Castiel full on, now that the cat was out of the bag, and Castiel gave him a tight half-smile.  Another long moment passed in silence as the chatter from playtime wafted over the scene, and Dean waited.
“What are they doing?” Castiel’s voice asked from where he sat beside him on the red sofa.  “They seem to have written on some paper strips.  Oh!  I wonder what they’re going to do with the lighters…”
Castiel could almost feel the waves of sadness swelling out of him and permeating the evening air, making it heavy with his loss.  For himself, he could feel his remorse begging to be acknowledged by the one he had hurt with his insensitivity.  At a loss, Castiel turned back to look at the distant hills far behind them.  “I got this place for the roof.  I was going to turn it into a garden… or something.”  Castiel let the words drift away as he searched his muddled mind for some clue.  It was becoming more and more evident that he could not remember much of anything about who he was before the man had so suddenly appeared in the apartment.
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief.  Gabriel always had looked out for him and he had never felt so grateful.  He watched his brother get onto the elevator with his girls.  Crowley stepped away, slinking back to his office, no doubt, and Castiel turned around surrounded by the busy staff, visitors and patients all moving through the hallways, a background of chatter permeating the air.  Castiel looked left and right, as stare after stare looked right through him.
He was numb, his body turning to rubber as the two security guards pulled him off Castiel and dragged him back, slamming his body to the ground and pinning him there.  His eyes landed on the last of Castiel’s fading outline as he looked down at his body with surprised blue eyes as he held his fingers to his lips.  And then he was gone.
“Did I do something wrong?” he asked, in his deep scratch, and Dean’s heart nearly melted all over again seeing his dark eyebrows knitted together as his eyes focused on Dean’s chin.
“Okay…  Ah huh…  Right.  Okay, then.  Bye bye now,” Donna was saying into her phone as Dean walked into the apartment.  The hallway was paneled halfway up the walls in rich dark oak, natural light was flooding the main room, reducing the shadows to mere artistic accents on the various textures of the place.  But Dean stared numbly at the fridge in the nearby kitchen, wondering if there was any beer.  “Well then,” Donna kept going, putting her phone back in her purse, “It’s obvious why this place hasn’t rented yet.”
Castiel tried to think of more leads they could follow, where else they could look, but other than the inane, automatic information about keys and the contents of his drawers, his mind was a complete blank.  He rubbed at his forehead.  He looked up when he heard the sound of things being shifted around.  Dean was bent over the drawer again.  He suddenly straightened up looking like he’d just found a winning lottery ticket.  “Yes!” he suddenly exclaimed, pulling out what looked like a couple pieces of paper.
“I’m sensing a no, here,” Donna said, her ever present smile wavering for just a moment, “Okay, then.”
The thick fog rolled into the San Francisco Bay and swept over Golden Gate bridge, wrapping the cautious cars as they made their way from Marin County into San Francisco, or from San Francisco out to Marin County.  Fog horns could be heard all over the bay and into the western neighbourhoods as the sound bounced and drowned in the thick veil of condensed water particles.  As the bank of clouds approached Divisadero St and the morning light flooded the eastern part of the busy city, the fog gave way to the warming rays of sunlight, the sky a revelation in bright blue.
Castiel continued his meandering through the next wall and found himself looking down at Crowley, sitting behind a large desk and talking on his cellphone.  With a resigned smile, Castiel spoke to him, knowing he could not hear.
“Grab his legs,” he told Charlie.  He was gentle as he lifted him into his arms; his body underweight and frail. Even so, Dean only saw perfection.  Charlie guided his legs onto the gurney, and Dean set him back down.  He pulled his arms free and allowed himself a moment to caress his face gently; he was solid, rugged in his palm.  He looked up at Castiel’s spirit, caught up in the moment as he leaned his head to the side, his eyes closed as though he were leaning into Dean’s touch.
Dean followed him, curious what got his attention.  On the table, in the spot where the oldest niece had been sitting was a wax crayon drawing.  Castiel was staring down at it.  Dean picked it up to get a closer look.  It was two filled-out stick men, the one on the right had black hair and blue eyes and wore a tan coat, the one on the left had green eyes and brown hair and had the same coloured shirt Dean was wearing.  The two stick figures were holding hands.  Dean’s scalp tingled with equal parts uneasiness and affection.  He glanced up at Castiel who was looking at him intensely again, the lines around his eyes betraying his worry.  Dean smiled at him.  He reached forward and held his hand beside Castiel’s willing his confidence to be transferred to him through the energy that flowed between them.
“I need to take his body.  Get him as far away as possible so we can have more time to figure out how to get him back in there.”  The silence was thicker than the summer morning fog as Dean begged Charlie with every microscopic particle of his being.  “Say something.”
Dean’s lips pulled into a side grin as he nodded.  “Yeah it does.  Know what I’m saying?”  Dean pumped his eyebrows leaving no room for doubt in Castiel's mind about what he was thinking.
Without looking back, he handed her the pink paper and set off across the street towards the Victorian style building painted light pink with green trim.  It had rounded bow windows at each end plus two more three-panel bay windows in the center of the façade.  Established creeping ivy was making its way up the front in many places.
“What if this… ghost… appears in the shape of an angry dude in a trench coat that wants me to leave my apartment.”
Castiel felt an overwhelming sadness realizing that the things he yearned for could never be his, not now.  What good did a restaurant do for someone without a body?  What good would come of him falling for a man who could not love him back?  “
Three night sleeping on Gabriel’s pull-out couch in his office was enough for him to insist on going back to his own home.  After all, the tenant they had sublet it to had moved out, so there was no reason to not go back.  As he looked around, expectancy dwindled into disappointment, though he couldn’t quite figure out why he felt that way.  He looked around the silent living room with a frown on his face as his eyes landed on each of the familiar pieces of furniture.
They drew up to the apartment door and Dean started patting down his pockets for his key.  “Oh, come on, man!  If she came onto you like that, you probably took her up on the offer, you just don’t remember.”
Gabriel’s face came back into focus; he looked halfway between smiling and crying as he looked down at him.  Castiel’s confusion grew; Gabriel didn’t cry.  He focused on Jody who was also looking weepy as she smiled at him widely.  Had someone died?  Beyond Jody he could recognize the blue walls of his ward in St-Matthews, but why was he lying down on the job?  Why are there so many people standing around staring at him?
“Oh, it’s tragic really.  Turns out the previous tenant you were askin’ me about?  Coma, ufta!  Family finally decided to pull the plug.  Anyhoo!  They’re gonna give you a nice long lease.  Great, huh?”
“Damnit!” Dean exclaimed, startling Castiel out of his momentary self-pity.  “We’ll try something else.  Jody!  We’ll go see your friend Jody again.  We can make her understand!”
Dean was looking right at him and Castiel focused on him too, trying to use Dean’s calm energy to soothe himself.  Before long, Jess was back, and Dean turned around to face her when Castiel pointed her out.
His palm tingled like tiny sparks were skittering across the surface of it.  Dean smiled and looked up at Castiel.  Their eyes locked and he felt it like a jolt that went from the top of his head and straight down to the base of his spine.  The urge to close the distance between them and press his lips to his imperative to the point that Dean had to hold himself back.
“Anger works too,” Castiel said, not taking his eyes off the man as he shook his head and looked back out and he seemed deflated somehow, smaller.
“Dean,” Castiel said and he felt it inside like a flaming arrow melting his frozen heart and it thumped so loudly, he thought for sure the whole block could hear it.  “It’s okay.  Clearly, it’s what you both want.”  Dean’s brain struggled to catch up to what he was saying, what who both wanted?  “So, just go ahead.  I’m sorry I interrupted.”
“This particular book happens to have an address written in it.”  Dean turned the matchbook around so Castiel could see inside the flap.  Castiel leaned in closer.  “Does that look like a five or a six to you?” Dean asked him.
Sam dropped the card face-up on the desk and Castiel and Dean leaned in to look at it more closely.  The card had two flames on it, one blue and one green and they were entwined in a way that evoked something very erotic.  He was lost in contemplating the dancing flames: they almost looked like they were moving together the more he watched.  And then he remembered how that deck of cards worked and what it had just revealed about his desires and he straightened up quickly, feeling like a teenager being called out in high school for having a crush.
The breeze blew again, picking up a rogue paper and swirling it around in a natural tango.  The paper swooped low to the ground then swirled high on an updraft, twisting gracefully as it made its way to the very edge of the park where a man sat on a bench alone.  The paper twirled playfully around him and went in for a hug, plastering itself to his face.
“Cas, no…  We don’t…  we don’t have to…” he stammered, his mind finding it hard to form a coherent thought as Cas’ nimble fingers undid each button of his shirt with surgical precision.
“What the hell, man?” he growled, moving in on him again.  “You don’t just jump into a guy like that!  You were inside me!”  Castiel flinched and Dean drew himself up straight again, standing stiffly.  “Ah!”  Dean yelled and tore at his hair before turning around and stomping off across the street.
Dean started stammering again.  He tore his eyes away from her and caught Castiel’s look of disappointment.  He cast his eyes to the ceiling as he tried to think of how he could salvage this.  How had his life turned into this circus?
“I swear I’m not lying!  I know you kissed Celeste five minutes before your wedding!” he blurted out in a last ditch yet half-assed effort to get him to believe him.
Sam picked up his cards and walked back to the living room, leaving Castiel standing alone in the kitchen.
“Nothing is more important than saving lives Dean.”  He fixed Dean with his stare, willing him to understand his life’s work.
Castiel raised his hand to his face, marveling that he could finally touch him, feel him.  He couldn’t stop himself as his mouth crashed against Dean’s, feeling himself swell on the inside and burst apart as Dean’s arms wrapped around him, holding him tightly, both flesh and bone and finally together in the warm sunlight as they were always meant to be.
“I know,” Crowley answered into his phone.  “Like the proverbial cherry on top.”  An oily smile stretched his face from ear to ear as he looked in Castiel’s general direction without seeing him.
“Better than dead!  This is a win, buddy!”  Castiel looked up at Dean.  He was so excited.  His eyes were practically sparkling with it.  “And you don’t have any scars or anything.  You’re healing.  You look… good.”
“It’s okay, little bro,” Gabriel quietly shushed like when he’d had nightmares as a child.  “Don’t move, everything’s okay.”
“Actually, in many places the ocean is too deep for light to reach, so it is in fact completely devoid of colour…  including blue,” he informed her with a smile barely pulling at his lips as the eighty-six-year-old woman frowned in confusion.
“How long have you been on?” she asked, giving him an appraising look, her eyes narrowed like she was daring him to lie to her.
Castiel drank it all in, living in the moment and feeling every passing second, and remembering the pure, raw bliss of the night before.  It had been like nothing he had ever experienced with another human being.  It went far beyond desire and gratification; they had connected on a level that he hadn’t even known was possible.  He had heard the expression “touching one’s soul,” but it had always been a figure of speech, exaggerated by romantics and part of the delusion of Hallmark moments – moments that had always failed to feel real to Castiel, who had never felt anything but detachment with his past lovers.  Sex had felt hollow, like it was just another expectation the world rested on the shoulders of a young, handsome, doctor-to-be.  Yet now that he had experienced it, he realized he had been craving that connection for a long time with no real hope that it was out there.
Dean looked at the colourful flowers and the carefully designed pattern of the spiral and he could feel that joy he had felt, standing in that exact spot a lifetime ago, before any of it was there and seeing it in his mind, as clearly as he could see it now and as clearly as he could see Castiel.  “Yeah, I did.”
“Listen to me, Dean,” Castiel said, his eyes holding Dean’s captive, and he couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think.  All he could do was cling stupidly to the bed railing while Castiel spoke his last words, “Knowing you, it’s been the best part of my life.  What we shared, it changed me.  I love you.  I will always love you, but please, run.  Save yourself.  I don’t want you to go to prison just because you were trying to help me.”
“You get out!” Castiel yelled at him and suddenly he rushed Dean, as though he would push him right out of the window.  Dean braced himself for a hit, but all he felt was that strange TV static fuzziness in his body as the spirit rushed right through him and disappeared out through the wall.
His head throbbed and swelled, the beeping of the monitor beside him drilling into his ear drum.  Couldn’t they put it on silent?
When Dean looked up, savouring the taste of him on his tongue, it was to find that his startling blue eyes were looking right at him, wide and sparkling like an excited anime character.  Dean smiled at him, feeling his heart swelling in his chest as they looked at each other, pondering the hidden thoughts behind the other’s eyes.  Castiel sat up and put his hand on Dean’s face, and he leaned into the tender touch like there was nothing he’d ever wanted more.  If this was it for the night, Dean was fine with it, happy to bask in Castiel’s tenderness.  Then, Castiel leaned forward and kissed him, working his mouth open with his demanding lips and slipping his tongue inside, surprising Dean with his undiminished ardour.  Dean wrapped his arms around his shoulders, losing one hand up in the short black hair as he returned Castiel’s fervour twofold.
Dean’s smile slid off his face and he straightened up.  He held his hands out to the side.  “That’s not…” He didn’t finish his sentence as he looked at Castiel with his calculating look.  Castiel felt like he was under a microscope as the man judged him.  He wanted to be angry at him but something from deep within him snuffed out the anger and made him feel like he wanted to crawl into the deepest crevasse and disappear, something that went far beyond memory and experience, something that had marked him down to his soul.  He had allowed himself to like Dean, despite his slobbish tendencies, there was something about the man that called to him and made him yearn for his company.  And he was laughing at him.
“You look like a pervert in that coat, watching a bunch of kids,” Dean said from behind him, sounding slightly winded from his escape.
“Um, gross.  I’m kind of afraid to ask now, but do you remember anything more about him?  Maybe his name?”
Castiel looked around again.  “I dreamed of this place.  These flowers, everything.”  Dean’s skin crawled, aware on a subconscious level of the forces pulling on the strings of their destinies.  “It’s beautiful,” he said, turning his attention back to Dean and stepping closer, standing just within reach.  “And you made this.”
“Oh, I dunno, have you seen those big green eyes?”  Dean pursed his lips at her, feeling his patience wearing thin. “Ah! And there’s the bitch face.”
He stood from the couch looking for more changes so he could collect clues and piece together what had happened in his absence.  As he moved closer to the hallway, a draft blew into the room carrying with it the sweet fragrance of blooming flowers.  Bright light was coming from the normally dark hallway and he moved towards it to find that the door to the roof was wide open.  He didn’t remember it being open when he came in.  Maybe Gabriel or Rowena had opened it when they left.  That didn’t explain why the air smelled of flowers though. There was nothing up there that should smell like that.
“I’m not talking to you right now,” Dean said through gritted teeth and glaring at him.  “If you’d just go into the light, we wouldn’t be in this damned mess.”
“What the hell?”  Dean said, the lights in the room suddenly started flickering and his beer foamed out of the can, spilling over his fingers.  He dropped it, shaking his hand as he stared at the mess on the ground.  Then the man turned, and his wide blue eyes locked with Dean’s and the air was forced from his lungs like he’d been punched in the gut.  “What’re you doing in my house?” Dean burst out angrily.
He made his way up the stairs slowly, wary of what he would find when he reached the top of the stairs.  His mind went completely blank as he surveyed the previously barren rooftop that had somehow been transformed into a fairy tale garden of carefully planned architecture and serenity.  Not an inch remained visible of the old metal roof as every bit of it was now covered in wooden walkways and river pebbles.  Quietly cascading tiered fountains were nestled amongst potted shrubs and elevated flower beds.  At the very centre of the roof the wooden paths met at a perfectly octagonal deck with a spiral of white and grey pebbles at its centre.  Adirondack chairs in matching wood sat in the shade of leafy vine-wrapped pergolas like he had accidentally stumbled through a portal that had taken him to a small countryside bistro in Italy.
“Oh yeah, the guy was amazing.  Bought it in a car crash last year, though.  Kind of made his book sales skyrocket.  At least for a while.”
It had been a month since life had thrown them unceremoniously into each other’s paths.  Dean could still remember that first kiss like it had happened mere moments before: the warmth of Castiel’s palm as he gripped his hand tightly, overwhelmed by the memories of their courtship, remembered in a flood of images and senses as he looked into Dean’s eyes; the feel of his strong hand as it cupped his jaw and neck, the scruff on his cheek tingling from the contact; the press of his lips against his as he pulled him forward into him and gripped him tight.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean cleared his throat, “I mean, the guy is a true athlete, right?  Played at the top of this game for like a million years… and national best seller… must know something about something.”
He felt a tiny, warm hand wrap around his fingers, staining them with the mystery stickiness of a child at play.  “Come have tea with us, sir!” she said to him affecting a British accent.
“Later, what?” asked Charlie, turning to look at him more directly now that the mad speeding was getting more reasonable.
“Hello, Dean,” was beginning to be two words he dreaded to hear in that nerve-grating voice.  Dean began to fantasize about punching him right in his stupid face.  Once his reflexes got the better of him and his fist ended up going right through Castiel’s head and into the solid wood paneling.
“General curiosity?” the man asked.  Dean pursed his lips and frowned.  “Encounter?”  With a sigh Dean nodded, and the man crossed his arms, hunching forward again as his eyes lit up. “What kind?”
“Are you done laughing at me?” Castiel asked, feeling his patience pushed to the brink again by Dean’s mocking.
Dean’s smile wavered as Castiel turned back towards him and he looked like he was going to say something, but then the door opened and Dean’s attention was completely occupied by the woman standing in the doorway.  Dean’s eyebrows had jumped up his forehead momentarily, but quickly returned to a less surprised position.  Castiel’s eyebrows remained in a frown as he took in the neighbour’s appearance.  She was in her mid to late twenties, as far as he could tell, long strawberry blonde hair, stormy eyes and full lips and very pretty.  From the way Dean had shifting his posture, he could tell he thought so too.  Castiel turned his attention back to her as Dean introduced himself.
Thank you to my amazing Beta readers, Caged_Heat_40, Wisdom_of_Insanity, and Julia_Houston... This story would not be what it is without all your help and input.
Dean’s mind scrambled to remember their earlier conversation, it seemed like so much had happened since he and Castiel had interviewed the neighbours and he remembered how he had declined dessert before on the pretext that he would take her up on it later.
“I knew you were a pie man,” Lydia said, turning to lean back against the counter, crossing her legs at the ankles and holding her plate in front of her.
Beside him Dean sighed.  “Can’t you just leave me alone?” he asked, his tone quiet, the anger from before sounding more like tired desperation now.
“So, according to the lore, there are a lot of different types of encounters when it comes to ghosts.  Ectoplasm, orbs, cold spots, sometimes they manifest with odd noises, like scratches and knocks.”
The brunette picked up her clutch and walked away, and Castiel moved to occupy the spot.  Seeing him, Dean turned back towards his drink and picked up the glass, bringing it to his lips.  “Don’t, Dean.  This is not going to help.”
“Maybe from your dreams,” he answered, the ache in his voice almost tangible like the lingering feel of a kiss.
Then there had been the loft.  “Oh gosh, wouldja look at all this space,” the plump blonde had said, smile too wide.
“There’s new evidence that full functionality can be restored,” Castiel spoke through Dean again, “We need to run some tests.”
Dean’s entire being yearned for him so completely, he felt like he would shake apart just looking into those deep blue pools.  Castiel pulled him in for another kiss, their lips closing against each other, their breath mingling as Castiel sighed softly against his mouth.  The kiss was over too quickly and left Dean reaching for Cas, his eyes still closed, and his neck stretched out.
Dean found himself pulled towards one of the tiny chairs and foisted into it by the all-powerful will of a six-year-old child in a princess dress.  He continued to be impotent as the blonde girl took the plastic tiara out of her tangled hair and placed it on his head while the younger one placed a cup and saucer in front of him and poured him some imaginary tea.
“I can prove it.  That pillow has a small red stain on it from when I spilled cough syrup.”  Dean unstuck the pillow from his chest and looked down at the underside where an oddly shaped stain he hadn’t noticed before was.  “How could I know that if I didn’t live here?  Same way I know the bedding is from Nordstrom.  The receipt is still in the bedside dresser there.”  Dean’s eyes darted towards the dresser, but he didn’t reach for the drawer, the confusion and leftover effects of his alcohol consumption making his brain sluggish.  “You have to come to terms with the fact that you may be mentally ill.”
to do it? … Yes, of course.”  He hung up the phone looking pensive for a moment before going right back to his conversation on his cellphone, clearly not worried about whatever God had asked of him.
He settled back down onto his stool, the woman sitting down beside him.  Castiel went around Dean and put himself between them.  “Listen to me.  None of this is healthy.  Whatever comfort you feel in drinking alcohol and sleeping with… loose women, it’s fleeting.  You need to talk.”
“This is my apartment,” continued the man, coolly, rationally.  “This is my bed.  That’s my picture.”  He looked towards the dresser on the other side of the bed and suddenly stood up stiffly, turned towards it with closed fists.  “What did you do with my picture?”  The man’s eyes were suddenly flitting around the whole room, landing on certain things and staying fixated before moving on, maybe taking stock of what else had gone missing.
Feeling judged and inadequate, Castiel got angry and he leveled his stare on Dean, “Not mine,” he said pointedly.  With a barely noticeable twitch of his eyebrows, Dean gave him a quick once over like he was seeing him for the first time.  Then, he looked away, going back to his rifling through another drawer.  “It’s in the far drawer.  Top.”
Without waiting for an answer, the man side stepped around Dean and the table and disappeared into the kitchen.  Dean gulped in the air, his scrambled brain trying desperately to understand what was going on.  He had rented this place, he was certain about it… wasn’t he?  What if the guy was right?  What if… what if it’s a rent scam!  That’s it, must be it.  What else could it be?
Dean shifted uncomfortably, “I think it’s pretty obvious.  It’s ‘cause I’m cursed.  Can’t you just leave me alone?  Why do you have to ghost stalk me now?  You got your apartment like you wanted, but instead you’re here.”
Dean’s smile lit up his face and Castiel was mesmerized by the difference between his usual sullen, brooding looks and this bright and cheerful expression he now wore.  He was downright charming.
Exasperated, Dean rubbed at his ever-present headache.  When he looked up, Charlie was making some serious eye contact with a girl sitting at a nearby table.  Charlie winked and gave her a seductive smile and she blushed, looking down at the table in front of her shyly.
Dean laughed and stepped away from the hospital bed to come stand beside him.  “Trust me, you really don’t,” he said with a playful wink.  “But you know what that means right?  If you could feel me touching your body, then you’re still connected to it.”
Dean felt despair crawling up his throat and he choked it down before it got to his face.  “We can’t give up, Cas.”
“Is the plan to get there by ambulance?  Because that’s definitely where this is headed. Aaah!” Charlie threw her arms up to cover her face.
“Oh!” Castiel exclaimed suddenly, “He kissed his best friend Celeste five minutes before his wedding.  I only know because I walked in on them.”
As he gave in to the pull of Morpheus, Dean was aware of two things: he was already snoring, and he didn’t think he had ever loved another being more than in that very moment.  Heaven was in the arms of his guardian angel.
The rain hadn’t started yet as Sam glanced out the window of the bookstore at the gathering gloom.  He switched on the lamp on his desk as he flipped through the dusty book in his hands.  Hardly any customers wound their way around the maze of shelves and Sam settled in for a long read.
“You recognize it?” Castiel glanced at Dean, trying to understand his tone.  Everything about him, posture, facial expression and voice, it all pointed to him being much more excited at the prospect of him recognizing something than was warranted.  Dean didn’t wait for him to answer, he walked right up to the door and pulled it open.  He paused, standing in the doorway before Castiel realized he was holding the door for him.
Castiel looked at where they were.  Somehow, they had gotten back to the apartment building and Dean was standing on the driver’s side of a sleek black car.  He pulled the door open and disappeared inside as he took a seat behind the wheel.  Castiel looked at the clean, late 60’s lines of American muscle and automatically wondered how much mileage he got out of it.  Then the car abruptly pulled away from the curb, making its way down the steep hill to the corner, and turned onto the next street.
to talk about Jo, and it had set him free; like the vice on his heart and soul had loosened, and the crippling pain of the memory had slipped away.
“Yes?” said a man’s voice as Dean stared at the doorway where he could just see the corner of the partly open door.  His heart pumped like he was running a 100-yard dash, while his brain and body froze just waiting for the moment the game would be over.  “I’m already here,” the man said, a distinctive English accent sounding confused and a little frustrated.
“You are clearly in the middle of a psychotic break.  You’ve created this fantasy in which you have rented an apartment that in fact belongs to someone else.”
“I heard some of it; it was all very poetic, and I assumed you were just telling him anything to get his attention.”
Dean almost cringed from the cheesiness of the line, but he had meant it.  There was something about Castiel that called out to him, and there was very little else Dean wanted to do but answer that call.  He wasn’t so blind to what was happening to him as he had been at first.  He was falling for Castiel.  Maybe it was already too late for his poor heart.
Castiel didn’t respond and the silence stretched and grew, wrapping them in loneliness.  He went over the argument they had had before, trying to figure out how he could make things better.  He realized that he really didn’t know much of anything about the man who lived in his apartment.  “Who was he talking about? With the cards…?” he asked with a frown, not expecting him to answer, but needing to chase away the uncomfortable silence.
“Cas, no.  This isn’t what I want,” he said, choosing to ignore the woman, who probably already thought he was insane anyways, talking to himself.  “What I want is… I want…” He couldn’t get it out as Castiel nodded at him, giving him a half smile that punched through his gut.
Pondered Castiel to himself as he stared blankly at Dean, his mind a confusion of white noise.  Then Dean snapped his fingers, his whole face lighting up in a moment of epiphany.  “I know who we can go see!”
“You really think so?” Dean asked, beginning to worry that this was actually his damaged brain’s way of telling him he needed help.  He glanced back at the man sitting on the bed and looking at him with a sympathetic shadow of a smile that Dean found somewhat comforting.  He let go of the pillow and sat up, draping his legs over the edge of the mattress, his stockinged feet pressing into the floor, grounding him.
As the sun rose ever higher, light danced into the room touching windowsills and furniture, a sleeping body and wrinkled bed sheets.  It caressed a scruffy jaw of growing stubble and a splash of freckles on a cheek.  Dark eyelashes fluttered and twitched as he let out a groan and nuzzled his face into the pillow.  Arms curled under his head: shapely muscles and broad shoulders framing unruly light brown hair that stuck out every which way.
Dean turned his head and pressed his lips against the side of Castiel’s neck, right on the tendon he was currently straining trying to turn to look at him.  Dean nudged his face closer, breathing him in deeply, that strange mix of antiseptic soap from the hospital and his cologne smelling distinctly of thyme and rosemary.  Dean wanted to wrap himself in that scent forever.
Dean shook off his confused disappointment.  Clearly, he didn’t feel the same way he did, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to give Castiel the best damn life he could in whatever spec of time he had left.  Dean jumped from the couch with a slap to his knees.  “Alright!  Let’s go live a little!  Where do you want to go?  You wanna see the sunrise in Bali?  Plant your toes in the sand?  You wanna go broke in Vegas?  Sky-dive in Hawaii?  Whatever it is, let’s just go!  I’ll take you anywhere you want… that also takes Mastercard.”
“Probably just a load of gibberish.  Damned Latin,” he mumbled.  He cleared his throat and began.  “Amate spiritus obscure, te quaerimus, te oramus, nobiscum colloquere, aput nos circita.”
Dean reached his hand forward and petted the dashboard affectionately, “Don’t listen to him, Baby.  He didn’t mean it.”
Nothing happened, but that continued presence making the back of his neck prickle and he glanced beside him at his steaming cup of coffee.  Remembering his first encounter with the ghost, he picked it up and held it off to the side.
He had no words.  How could he even begin to explain to her that he and Castiel were bound to each other by something so much stronger than anything he had ever experienced with another person ever, including his deceased wife?  How could he tell her that as he looked into Castiel’s intense blue eyes he would stop breathing if those eyes were no longer there?  That if he lost Castiel, it would be like losing such a large piece of himself he could never recover?  Castiel was looking back at him and he was so sad and scared.
Castiel and Dean stood looking at each other.  That yearning Castiel had felt before came on suddenly and he found himself fantasizing about having him take him in his arms and just hold him.  In that moment there was nothing he wanted more in the world than to have a body just so Dean could comfort him.  The feeling was so strong he nearly moved to close the space that separated them, body or no.
“I’m not.”  Castiel tried to ignore his annoyance at Dean’s use of a shortened version of his name again.  Was it so hard to say Castiel?  He glanced at Dean again.  His hand was covering his face and rubbing at his forehead like he had a headache.  “You know, Dean, most people who deal with loss, find it helpful to talk about it.”
“There’s a spare under the extinguisher,” Castiel said, gesturing towards the medium sized fire extinguisher set on a shelf built into the wall.
Sam started pulling books off the shelf, his enthusiastic patter turning to a buzz in Dean’s ears as he found himself cradling a growing tower in his arms.  He was then shepherded to the desk Sam had been sitting at when he had first come in, and somehow his credit card came into play and before he knew it, he was back on the street with his newly purchased books contemplating how crazy he would look on the MUNI with this monument to paranormal research.  He turned his feet back down the street and his eyes landed on the naked man in sneakers and white socks holding a grocery bag nearly overflowing with fresh fruits and vegetables and Dean figured, resigned, that he’d pretty much look no stranger in comparison.
“Sorry, drawing a blank on his name.  I haven’t seen him in months.  But, he always kinda struck me as sad.  Lonely.”
His fear was disarming, he was like a baby in a trench coat. Dean reined himself in a bit.  He reached out to put a comforting hand on his shoulder, but it fell right through the man, like he was nothing more than a trick of light and air.
Dean raised one of his eyebrows at him, then walked over to the corner and retrieved the key.  He opened the door and Castiel followed him into the apartment.
Sam looked back up quickly and his mind darted back to the soulmates card and the man that had been the green flame as he had come to him for help.  This was not Dean he was seeing outside his window now, but as he lifted his head, like he could feel him watching him, Sam recognized the blue eyes as clearly as if he had seen them before.  He raised his hand in greeting, unable to stop the smile from spreading on his face as he realized that Castiel had made it back into the physical world.
Dean turned to look at him still hunched over the counter, but then he moved over to the designated drawer and opened it.  He pulled out the bottle opener in victory.
“The smallest species of bee is the stingless bee – the workers measure less than two millimetres long.”
“No,” he said with a frown, but then he looked off behind Castiel and a goofy grin crept back onto his face as he drank again, making him think that Dean’s mind probably was set to that single track.
“Oh, right!  There’s no lease.  It’s just a month-to-month sublet.  But wouldja look at how gorgeous it is?”
Dean’s mind slingshot back to his wedding day, watching Jo come down the aisle towards him with her white mini-dress and crown of lily-of-the-valley in her blonde hair.  “No,” he said pensively, licking the last of the cherry filling off his fork, “Not at the moment.”
Dean started walking towards the nurse’s station that was off to the left in the center of an anthill chamber-like area where several hallways met.  Castiel’s eyes landed on the face that had been such a comfort and help throughout his residency and who had become one of his closest friends other than—
Dean was quiet and pensive as he looked down at Castiel’s comatose body.  “Okay.  Maybe they don’t.  But miracles happen.  And maybe… just maybe, we have all the ingredients for a miracle right here.”
“Of course,” Castiel said standing up. For a moment he felt unsure and lost, his mind as foggy as the San Francisco morning had been, but then he turned towards the bedroom door and walked out into the hallway beyond.  He stopped a little beyond the bathroom door, and looked out through the entrance to the dining area towards the bay window.  He wasn’t aware of time passing, but suddenly Dean was talking to him, coming up behind him with fresh clothes on his back and still damp hair from his shower.  Castiel frowned.
“I am not dead!” the man yelled, a terrifying glare lowered on Dean and lancing him right through the gut.
Dean’s heart pounded in his chest once more and he startled right off the couch as he threw down the newspaper.  “That’s it, buddy.  You’re toast.”
“Holy sh—!” Dean jumped back and tripped on the plastic chair, sending him sprawling on his ass.  He scurried away from the madman with the knife.  “What the hell?” he yelled at him.
“Would you SHUT UP!” Dean suddenly yelled, making Castiel stop short.  Across the street, a woman stopped in her tracks and stared at where Dean was.  He gave her an apologetic smile and she started walking again, noticeably faster.  “I don’t need you to get all hysterical on me, got it?  So, the dry cleaner’s was a bust, get over it.  We have another lead, remember?  And I don’t care that right now you’re clinging to whatever you’re clinging to trying to figure out who you are, it is NOT okay to make me look like an insane person!  Now would you get in?  I will not be the crazy guy on the MUNI talking to himself.”
“I looked at all that crap the first time I came in here,” Dean’s tone was increasingly angry, then he turned towards Castiel, “What unfinished business?”
Dean pondered this change in perspective as he washed his plate, wondering what had happened that his mind had shifted from dark and dismal to peaceful and calm.  Without reaching any clear-cut conclusions, none at least that he wanted to entertain in the current circumstances, his thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a knock at the door.  His stomach flipped and his heart leapt like excited puppies who thought their master was finally home as he quickly wiped his hands dry on the towel and headed to the door.  In his excited anticipation, he pulled on the door and opened it wide, a smile already plastered on his face.  It only slightly faltered when his eyes landed on the downstairs neighbour: tight skinny jeans, tight black top, bulging cleavage and in her hand…
Castiel watched as the man straightened and took a step back from the bed.  He nodded, his face and posture a picture of distress.  He turned and pushed through the gathered crowd.  When Castiel turned back to his family, he registered only joy and relief as Jody checked his vitals and the equipment.  He could see now that Meg and Lisa were also there, familiar faces in the crowd.  Everyone was smiling at him.  Except Rowena, who was gazing off in the direction the stranger had gone, thoughtful and cheerless.
Castiel frowned, stopping himself from asking him how he thought he would do that considering his current disembodied state, but he thought better of it, accepting that though physically it may be impossible, the desire to do it was genuine enough to give him pause.  “Okay,” he finally said, turning away from Dean to look at the view once more.
“You should go home, Dean.  Sleep this off.  Or have a coffee and we can talk.  This is not a healthy way for you to deal with—”
Gabriel just kept on going, walking through Castiel to bring fresh flowers to the windowsill.  “I guess not,” he said lowering his arms in defeat.
“He wasn’t going for it, what else was I supposed to do?” Dean growled.  He looked up to see that as invisible as he and Charlie had been bringing the gurney to Castiel’s room, his decking a doctor was not going unnoticed.
“That I was seeing someone.”  Dean leaned back against the parapet facing him and Castiel glanced at him.  Dean looked out at the city a self-satisfied pout on his face.  “I didn’t tell her I was the only one who could.”  Dean turned his mocking grin on him and Castiel tried to ignore the flutter in his chest.
“I don’t know, I just do.  Just push in the knife.”  Castiel watched as Dean struggled with himself, his hands shaking.  “Harder, Dean!” Castiel barked at him.
Dean was rubbing the back of his neck looking unsure again.  Castiel watched him a moment more with his bright, curious eyes.  Then, he took the few steps that separated them and pressed himself against him, pressing his lips to his as he wrapped his trench coat clad arms around his shoulders and the back of his neck.  Taken by surprised, Dean didn’t immediately respond, rather he fixated on the close-up of Castiel’s black eyelashes resting like soft feathers against his skin.  Which is when he felt the tentative touch of Castiel’s tongue probing at his lips.
Dean stuck out his hand, and the man shook it, losing the surprise and replacing it with sly suspicion.  Dean renewed his outward self-confidence.
“You’re going at this the wrong way.  You’re not asking the right questions,” Sam said, leaning forward to rest his elbows on the desk.  He stared pensively at the empty air above the green blotter for a moment before sitting back again.  “So, get this,” he said, pulling a thick, leather-bound tome from a nearby leaning tower.  “According to the lore, spirits sometimes choose to stay behind due to, quote-unquote, unfinished business—"
Dean pulled up to the front doors and cut the engine.  He got out of the car, quickly joined by Castiel who was squinting up at the imposing structure.  “What is this place?”
“Gee, thanks for letting me know,” Dean answered with a roll of his eyes.  He pulled out the matchbook that had the address scribbled in the flap.  “This is the place,
“We managed to figure out what happened to him.  Turns out you were right about him not being dead.”
Dean felt him moving away again and he cupped either side of his face to keep him close.  It was only when he heard the soft rustling of Cas’ overcoat, followed by a rich fabric thump on the floor that Dean opened his eyes and drew away, startled.  Castiel’s coat and jacket lay crumpled on the bedroom floor and as Dean’s eyes lifted back to Castiel’s face, it was to see him pulling at the knot in his blue tie and discarding it to join the heap at their feet.
“Uh… Okay… Harsh,” said the girl looking offended, “And actually, yeah you did.  You called me remember?”
With a nod and a genuine, child-like smile of pure delight, cupid disappeared leaving Sam to look around the bookshop feeling deeply satisfied.
Castiel looked up from the papers in front of him as he approached Mrs. Clark who was lying back on a gurney.  He glanced around but couldn’t find the nurse, as always.  “Lilith?”
The skeptic frown on Jody’s face caught Castiel by surprise.  “What do you mean?” she asked, giving Dean another, slower once over.  Why would she doubt his words?
“She seems familiar,” Castiel said, fully aware that Dean would not be able to acknowledge what he said while she was present; although he did momentarily shift his way… or maybe he was just adjusting his stance again.
“I’m a special consultant from PAC medical,” Dean told him calmly, folding his hands in front of him while he continued to feed Crowley the lies Castiel spun.  He barely knew what he was saying, the words flowing automatically from his mouth as though he were nothing more than a conduit for Castiel’s words.  When they finally stopped and Crowley just stood there staring at him, he wondered if anything he had said had made sense.
Dean felt like his whole body had turned to water and then ice.  He looked up at Castiel who was waiting patiently for Dean to be done his call.  This couldn’t be happening.
Gabriel came barging in through the door lugging two suitcases and panting from his efforts bringing up the luggage on his own.  Rowena was right behind him, poised and perfect as ever even with the bag of groceries in her arms.  She closed the door behind them and headed to the kitchen.
“I don’t think you realize how complex the issue is.  The things you’d have to know to make this work—”
Dean grabbed a burgundy shirt from the closet and threw it on over his black t-shirt, One arm through, he struggled with the other for a moment as he said, as calmly as one would ask to pass the butter, “I’m gonna steal your body.”
A slow steady thump sounded in his ears, mirrored by a beeping that resonated in his head before it faded away and then the thump again, and another beep.  Castiel looked down at his hands, at least where his hands should be, but found only darkness.
His hands flew to his jean button, in a hurry suddenly to feel Castiel’s skin against his, curious and excited to find out if he would feel that all over tingle in his veins – if his blood would sing, swaddled in Castiel’s embrace.  He pushed down his jeans quickly, stepping out of them, aware of his own member pushing his black boxer briefs out obscenely.  He noticed Cas shyly checking out his body, his big blue eyes taking stock of him in quick glances that barely rested on any one body part before fluttering away to look at another and he flexed, unable to not show off.
“Oh!” suddenly exclaimed Castiel who had been watching the whole thing.  “Is that why you’re such a useless slob?  Some girl left you?”  Castiel’s words cut Dean deeply and he flinched before turning his choking anger on him.
His hard-headed determinedness was awe inspiring, terrifying and dumbfounding.  To think that he would risk, life and limb to save him – that he was willing to go as far as he was on the off chance that they could reconcile him to his body.
“Okay,” Dean paused, looking away slightly. Castiel turned back to look at the busy staff.  “So, where do we start?”
“Oh my God, this place is straight out of Dr. Sexy M.D.” Dean said, his voice coming from somewhere behind Castiel.  He turned around and found Dean flicking his eyes away quickly.  Had he been staring at him?  “So,” Dean pushed on, looking around, “This place look familiar?”
The man’s eyes narrowed and he tilted his head to the side as he took a slow step towards him. “Your house?” he said, his voice deep and scratchy like he had gravel in his throat.  “This is my apartment.  I live here.”
Castiel frowned looking down at his trenchcoat-clad torso sticking out of his hospital bed body.  “It’s not working.”
“The only other option is that you’ve gone insane and that you are, right now, sitting on a park bench talking to yourself.”
Castiel’s eyes bore into him and he nearly forgot to breathe from the intensity of that stare.  It went so much further than just looking into his eyes, it felt like Castiel was looking into his soul and it was setting off all sorts of delightful signals.  It was terrifying.  It was wonderful.  “If I could right now, I’d kiss you,” Dean said, the moment for half-truths and embarrassment long past and he wanted, more than anything, for Castiel to be open and honest with him too.
Castiel’s anger had disappeared as quickly as it had come, and he was left feeling weary.  Although, he truly wanted to get to the bottom of why he was the way he was, it was becoming more difficult as the day wore on.  He was feeling physically spent, even without the body – he was weary down to his bones.
“All the pretty ones are gay.  Seriously, Castiel, that guy Dean… It should be a crime to take men like that out of the gene pool.”
Dean reached forward and held his hand to Castiel’s cheek, feeling that exchange of energy, or whatever it was, and he knew what Castiel meant; his core vibrating from his contact with him.  He was getting lost in the blue of Castiel’s eyes: he felt he would fall into them and never emerge.  His body felt like it was floating in their intensity; both captive and set free.  He was drowning in Castiel, feeling him penetrate his body and mind as he closed his eyes, overwhelmed by the feel of him.
Dean’s frown disappeared from his face again as he looked away and he smiled and started to laugh softly again.  “Hey, look on the bright side!  At six, I’m coming into some money!”
“Come on, now.  Look, I’m sorry I said you were dead.  Maybe you’re not dead.  Maybe you’re like un…dead.”
Dean looked up and around, realizing that Donna was still talking to him, but he hadn’t registered a single word.  Not that it mattered; she seemed more than happy to keep jabbering on.  When he turned away from her completely though, searching out the address from the flyer, she started asking questions.  “Whatcha got there, Dean?”
The door opened again, and Dean turned to face Dr. Mills as she held the door open.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester—”
“I’m not letting that happen, okay?  So, you gotta help me out here.  There’s gotta be a spell, or a chant or a ritual… something, that’s going to let him genie his way back into his body.”
He turned to Lilith to give her his instructions – an EKG, a CVC, a little less morphine – and he was off again.
Jody cracked a surprised smile, her eyebrows dancing through a series of expressions before settling more neutrally as she nodded.  “I don’t mean to pry; I just find it unlikely that you’re Castiel’s boyfriend.”
Night had fallen, and it had brought with it a certain chill in the air.  A variety of people could be seen still going about the business of livening up the nighttime streets of beautiful San Francisco.  Some were locals, you could tell by the careful layering of the clothes on their back, or the way they carried around a sweater as they walked across the city blocks like they each had their own climates.  Many were tourists, clad in shorts and flip flops as they sought refuge from the unexpected cold in one of a hundred little cafés, bistros and restaurants that lined the sidewalks of whatever neighbourhood they happened to be in.  Streetlights twinkled, the guiding stars of an urban setting, and warm, inviting light spilled onto the sidewalks from the evening shops.  Scents of cinnamon and caffeine, tomato sauce and basil, frying oil and baked bread wafted into the street every time a door opened and closed again.
Castiel didn’t know how to answer.  Although he had recovered nearly all his memories, there was nothing he could think of that would constitute
Dean put his hands on Lydia’s shoulders, trying to control the situation and failing.  He turned to look at Castiel.  He was watching Lydia intently and the sadness Dean saw in his face had Dean enthralled in a way that even the naked woman in front of him couldn’t distract him from.  He would do anything to make that sadness go away.
Dean’s strategy was to start at the bottom and make their way back to the top.  The superintendent wasn’t home when Dean knocked on his door, so they moved on to the next ground floor apartment.  A tall man, though not as tall as the man with the cards, answered.  He had a trim russet beard and deep-set, steel blue eyes.  When he spoke, he had a quiet, almost soothing voice with a smooth Cajun accent.  “What can I do for ya?” he asked, leaning his wide frame against the door jab.
“Wait, what?  Are you saying we could die?  This is not what I signed up for when I agreed to do this, Harry!”
“You need to tell me if I do anything you don’t like.  I don’t want to hurt, or upset you, darling.”
Dean leaned his elbows down onto the counter and took a first bite of the flaking crust covered red cherry filling and he thought he had died and gone to Heaven.
The one they had just walked out of had been the worst.  “This one’s not usually available, but the owners are in Palm Springs, isn’t it just great?”
“My name is Castiel,” he growled threateningly as the lights in the kitchen began to flicker and flare.
Gabriel walked up and slapped Castiel in the back affectionately.  “You sure you’re going to be all right here by yourself?”
“No… I mean, yes… but that happened after… I… This isn’t what it seems, I promise,” Dean fumbled, trying to find a way to explain to Castiel that he had been about to send her home.
Confusion swarmed Dean’s beer fuzzed mind and all he could find to say was, “What?” as the man stepped towards him again.  He backed away instinctively, trying to read the situation and find an explanation for what was happening as the lights flickered again.
“Yeah?” Dean reached into the refrigerator for a bottle of beer.  “So, tell me.  What was she like?” he asked him as he opened one of the drawers and rummaged around in it.
Heart pounding, Dean turned around and looked out, relief slow to take over the strangeness of it all.  “Good riddance,” he said before turning around again and coming face to face with Castiel – a hard, determined look on his face.
“I believe in fate, Dean.  I know there’s a reason why you’re the only one who can see me,” Castiel said, turning his gaze on Dean and locking him in place.  “Why you’re here, in this apartment.  Why that man collapsed at the restaurant, right when we were the only ones who could save him.  Why I dreamed of your garden. It’s all connected.  So there must also be a reason why I can’t go back to my body.  I just wish I understood why.”
Dean’s stomach dropped into his shoes as he remembered Lydia.  He froze on the spot as Castiel frowned and shifted his gaze to the hallway behind Dean.  Slowly, his eyes shifted back to looking at Dean, glancing at his bare chest through his open shirt and the frown turned into surprise and then, Dean could swear he looked disappointed.
“—facers,” the four whispered, their hands in front of their faces like some boyband move from the nineties.
“Oh no!  Don’t look at me, bud.  You’ve been nothing but a curse on my life from the moment you popped into my space.  Like hell am I going to help you now!  Are you kidding me?”
Castiel’s eyes returned to his and he gently raised his own hand to line it up palm-to-palm.  “I’m thinking…”  Dean’s whole body felt like it was shaking as he waited through Castiel’s interminable silence.  “I’m thinking, that if this is my last night, I don’t want to spend it working so hard to save a life I never lived.  I want to experience life, Dean.”
“Awesome!” Dean whispered, keeping his voice low.  “If you ate here a lot, maybe the waiters remember you.  This is great.”
Dean leaned down, smiling, anticipating the lovely sounds Cas would generate next when he ran his tongue from balls to tip.  “Ah!”
He turned to the side and walked through the wall right where the coffee machine still sat and found himself in the supply room.  Odd sounds drew his attention and he turned the corner between two storage shelves to find Lilith lip locked with Nick.  “Oh!” was all Castiel could say as he finally realized why Lilith was always late, or nowhere to be found when he needed her.  He watched them a moment longer, unable to feel even a hint of annoyance with them.  If anything, he wished he could have felt what they were feeling, that rush of endorphins from being with the one you love.
“Come on, Castiel.  Get a grip on yourself.  If you fritz out this elevator, I’m gonna make your afterlife a living hell.”
The longer the silence stretched between them, the more exposed Dean felt.  He had told Castiel the truth of what had been building inside of him.  He was vulnerable, sitting a foot from him.  He wanted to take his hand, or pull him into his arms, or press his lips to his, but Castiel’s silence filled him with doubt.  The longer it went the more pathetic he felt.
“Don’t you want to sit down?” Dean asked her, pointing to the dining room table on the other side of the wall.
“I don’t know why you’re insisting on this.  I spoke to my brother hours before he went into a permanent coma.  If he had been seeing someone, he would’ve told me.”
The apartment waited, dark and deserted, for someone to walk in and make it feel like a home again.  The sun had set a little while back and the city lights filtered in gently once again, the full moon almost bright enough to cast blue moon shadow despite the golden streetlamps outside the building.  The seconds ticked by one-by-one, booming into the deafening silence of the empty rooms, competing with the occasional dripping drop from the faucet in the bathroom that hadn’t quite been tightened enough in Dean’s rush to get going that morning.
“Sorry.  I know,” he said then he turned back to look at Castiel who couldn’t take his eyes off him.  “Goodbye, Castiel.”
“Dean?” said Lydia from the end of the hall behind him.  Castiel’s eyes shifted away from Dean again to the woman behind him and Dean squeezed his eyes shut.  This was turning into a nightmare.
Castiel hurried through the parking lot glancing at his watch, it was 8:30.  Gabriel was going to be so angry with him.  A distant rumble of thunder made him look up at the uncertain evening sky and walk a little faster towards the parked beige Lincoln Continental.  His car often made him the target of his coworkers’ ribbing because it was old and a little beat up, but he had a fondness for the bulky, late seventies car and he just couldn’t see himself parting with it.
“She said was.” Castiel felt like the ground beneath his insubstantial feet had tilted and dropped away.
Castiel frowned and looked around the restaurant.  That feeling of familiarity had completely disappeared, though it had been replaced by an odd yearning.  “I love this restaurant.”
Crowley held out a packet of papers to Gabriel.  His face, usually a mask of lighthearted mirth, fell a moment as he looked down at the papers in his hands.  He looked concerned and conflicted.  Castiel reached out to him with all of his being, silently pleading with him to not give them the okay.  He needed him to have faith.
As he pushed the door and stepped back out into the hallway, Jody’s words had him pensive and forlorn again.  He was reminded of that beautiful peaceful garden from his earlier dream and that twinge of yearning turned into a pang of loneliness.  It disappeared quickly though as the cell phone in his pocket began to ring.
“Swoon,” Charlie said, her voice sounding breathy.  Then she cleared her throat.  “Well… If I’m going to Hell anyways just because I’m gay, I might as well add body snatching to the list, really make it worth it.”
“It’s working!  I think something’s happening!” Dean exclaimed.  Castiel straightened up in the bed and Dean startled back looking at him.  “Whoah! Double vision, man.”
“I have?” Dean asked, feeling the man’s earnestness so completely that he began to doubt himself.  How could he be sure of anything anymore?  Wasn’t what the man was saying just as likely as him having conjured him out of some dark recess of his mind?
The man took a step back, raising his hands in apology.  Dean relaxed a little, deciding it would not help him at all to send the guy packing, and he really needed help if he wanted to go back to not worrying that some ghost dude was gonna pop up when he’s in the middle of taking a dump.
Dean’s eyes went round like silver dollars and his mind came to complete stop as he watched the man’s hand go through the telephone receiver like it was nothing more than a hologram, or maybe it was the man who wasn’t really there after all.
Was he?  Could this bond, this need for Castiel be summed up so simply?  Could such a small word possibly encompass all of what he felt inside?  Could he really say that he wasn’t in love with Castiel?  No.  He couldn’t, because it would not be true.  He looked back up at Castiel and nodded slowly.
The phone on Crowley’s desk started to ring, and Crowley glanced at it.  “Hold on.  God’s calling.” He put his cellphone down and picked up the desk phone.  “Hello.”  He paused, listening to whatever Dr. Shurley was telling him.  “And you want
Almost like Dean had read his mind, he looked back at him suddenly. “Your brother wouldn’t sign those papers, right?”
.  As far as Dean was concerned, the drive could have gone on forever.  There was nothing that open miles of black top couldn’t fix.
“I can barely focus when you’re around.  You start talking and it’s like someone jammed an AM radio in my head.”
“Yeah, I know he is, he’s standing right there.”  Dean gestured towards the inescapable shape of the beige trench coat.  He pursed his lips and ground his teeth, bracing himself for another failed wannabe to try to screw him over.
Castiel looked away, back out at the quiet park and he thought about the apartment and everything he had hoped to do when… but… there was nothing.  He couldn’t remember what colour the walls were, or the feel of his own bed.  It was like the rest of his life: just a blur.  “I don’t know,” he told Dean, “It’s like… when I’m not with you.  It’s like I don’t exist.”  Fear crept into his thoughts and he felt cold as the idea weighed him down.  “Maybe I am dead.”
“Good.  ‘Cause this guy, I gotta tell ya, I think he’s perfect for you.”  The sound of the oven door squeaking closed.
“Goddamnit!” Dean cried out, startled again.  “Don’t you have something better to do than to give a guy a heart attack?”
Dean slipped out of his plaid overshirt and tossed it on the back of a nearby chair before throwing himself into the middle of the mattress.  He stretched himself out on his back, giving Castiel the chance to leave the doorsill and come into the room slowly.  He leaned up onto his elbows and watched Castiel walk up to the bed.  With a playful smirk he asked him: “I don’t suppose losing the coat is possible, huh?”
“I don’t think so,” he said, glaring right at Castiel, making Charlie turn to look behind her to see what Dean was staring at.  He brought the glass back to his lips.
He fought the numbness that tried to protect his bruised heart as he pulled the key off his keychain.  He had had enough of feeling numb and living in a haze or half-forgotten dreams.  He had made a promise to Castiel and he intended to keep it.
“You saw her at the bar,” Dean mumbled out of the corner of his mouth, driving around a slower driver and slamming the heel of his hand into the horn.
“I wasn’t always like this, you know,” Dean added after a moment, his face settling back into looking forlorn.
Dean didn’t take his eyes off Castiel . “Yes.”  His breath hitched in his chest as he felt every second being wasted with this argument.  Why couldn’t they understand that every moment spent talking about this brought them closer to being too late to save him?
“Bees can be found on every continent, except Antarctica, and in every habitat on the planet that has insect-pollinated…”
“Sarcasm doesn’t become you, Castiel,” he said without looking up but catching the scent of burning paper, knowing the jerk wasn’t even making it up.
Castiel’s stomach lurched into his shoes.  He had never underestimated Crowley’s ambition to get the attending physician spot at St Matthews, they had been butting heads and trying to one up each other for months, although now it seemed that while Castiel had been stealing cat naps in the break room, Crowley had been worming his way into the Chief of Staff’s good graces.
“Listen, Gabriel,” he started, Castiel’s brother crossing his arms and glaring at him, “How I know your brother isn’t important.  But please, you have to believe me when I say that Castiel means a lot to me.  He… he saved me.  I was dead, and he brought me back to life.”
“Hold it!” called out the guard as he realized what he was doing.  Charlie let go of the railing and with a cry of “For the glory of Moondoor!” she rushed the guard and threw herself at the man in a rugby tackle worthy of the toughest flanker.  Caught by surprise, the guard hardly even blocked the attack, and they both went flying sideways into the elevator just as the doors closed, stopping the guard from coming back out right away.
He had woken up that morning feeling like a thousand pounds had been lifted from his shoulders.  He was loath to use words like “catharsis” because that was the kind of word Charlie liked to throw around, and like hell was he going to suddenly start spewing that head quack mind stuff.  All he knew was that in that moment, he found himself
The fear and sadness momentarily disappeared as Castiel sneered at him, a little disgusted.  “What?”
“Oh, that’s not so bad,” Dean said with a dismissive shrug of his shoulders.  “Bring you down to my level.”  He grinned again, confusing Castiel with his shifts in mood.
“If you could just tell me a little more about you, I could maybe help a bit better, yeah?”  The pink flyer stuck itself to Dean’s leg and he leaned down to sweep it away.  “Maybe if you just tell me the kind of work you do, what your family situation is…”
“Dean,” Castiel said, realizing that even if at first, Dean could not possibly have been what had kept him stuck to this place, these feelings, this growing awareness of what had been missing in his life, and focusing that desire onto Dean… If Castiel had such a thing as unfinished business, this was it.  And for too many reasons to count, it would remain that way.  “Let’s just go, Dean.  Please,” he added when the man leveled his fierce glare on him.  It really was uncanny how the green on that card was an exact match for those eyes.
Thankfully, Dean seemed to be in better control of himself as he continued to dig for information.  Their words reached Castiel as though they were coming from the end of a very long tunnel and everything around him faded and flickered.
“Yeah, hi.  I’m trying to find someone, and I was hoping that maybe you could help me. This guy’s about this tall.  Black hair.  Big blue eyes?”
In a cluttered and dusty bookshop, as all such places always seem to get no matter the care put into keeping them clean and tidy, surrounded by books on all sorts of creepy crawlies and four-legged beasties and holding more knowledge on such things than any other repository for the supernatural in the whole of the United States, Sam stood still, his eyes closed, as a chubby, ageless, naked man held a hand to his forehead.  He watched, a dream planted directly into his mind, as the twin flames of the soulmates, Dean and Castiel, embraced.
That single note held forever and constant. Neither growing louder, nor fainter. Just… there… always. Forever.
The man suddenly looked behind him at the hallway and then stepped out, holding the door partly shut and leaning out towards Dean who took a step back, surprised.
Dean blinked his eyes open, wincing in the brightness of the overcast day and Castiel turned towards him.  He rolled slightly, a groan escaping his barely parted lips as he jerked his jean-clad hips, pulling at the stiff fabric that was twisted uncomfortably around his legs.  Castiel watched as he opened his eyelids and the green irises became visible.  They quickly locked onto him and Dean’s whole body jack-knifed into a sitting position.  He let out a startled curse and then let his head fall back onto the pillow with another groan.
“Don’t touch me,” Castiel said jerking out of the way while Dean pulled back his hand like he’d been given a shock.  He had almost forgotten that he was dealing with a ghost and not someone flesh and bone.
Dean jumped out of bed like he had been electrified, drawing Castiel’s frown.  He fished around at his feet and picked up his discarded jeans, sticking his feet into them and yanking them up with a couple awkward hops.
Castiel hung up as Gabriel had another outburst, backed by mad giggling, this time something about Rainbow Dash being in the pasta.  As he turned a corner in the hallway on his way back to the main desk, he spied Crowley walking in the same direction and chatting with Raphael, one of the surgeons from the fourth floor.
“We’re turning off life support tomorrow at noon, when the girls are at school,” Gabriel continued, lowering his voice with a glance at the girls still having tea and blabbing away, unconcerned by the grown ups and their troubles. “These past few months have been really hard on them and the whole family.  It’s time.”
A splash of bright yellow and a familiar name caught his attention and he pulled it out of its snug spot on the shelf.  “Passing On: Brick Holmes’ Guide to the Afterlife” was just the book for him, he thought as he scanned the front cover.  It had a picture of the star quarterback about to throw a football pass.  Dean nodded to himself, if Brick Holmes had something to say on the subject of ghosts, then maybe he didn’t have to feel so foolish about it.
“To you maybe.” He uncapped his beer and took a swallow.  “Explain this to me, please.  Why is it, that you can’t remember a damn thing about who you are, but you know where the spare key is hidden and where you keep the opener?”
With his lips half-cocked into a smile he knew Jody found charming and irresistible, he pushed the door open with his back and joined the mixed crowd of doctors, nurses, attendants, patients and visitors that kept the hospital milling like a busy anthill.  With a surge of adrenaline and a much-needed boost from the hot coffee, Castiel joined the fray.
“Hey baby bro!  Where the hell are ya?” Background giggles and excited screams from Castiel’s nieces.
The man who answered the door was shorter and slimmer than Castiel, with longish sable hair and olivine eyes, and as serious as Castiel’s face seemed to be, his brother’s looked like it was constantly plotting some sort of mischief.
Dean? The name held no meaning for him as he cast about his jumbled memories for something to connect the man to.  He turned to look at him again.  The man’s joy had disappeared from his face and had been replaced by a very familiar expression he had seen often on patients and families: pain.
Dean noticed Charlie’s fingers gripping the dashboard hard enough to turn white as the van’s wheels left the ground completely.  Dean’s stomach floated into his lungs.
When Castiel’s hand rove up into his hair, gripping him tightly, and a soft moan escaped his lips, it was all Dean could do to not strip him naked and take him on the floor.  Dean tore himself away with difficulty, trying to control his body’s urges.  Castiel pulled him close again, oblivious, pressing his body close, brushing his hip against Dean’s budding erection.
Dean couldn’t even bring himself to think the word it was so outrageous, and yet, hadn’t he seen it with his own two eyes?
The pink flyer flew and swooped once more, free to tumble in the late morning sunlight and it plastered itself to Dean’s leg again. Annoyed, he reached down and yanked it away in the other direction.  “I don’t want to talk about that,” he told Donna gruffly.  He would give anything to lie down on a couch, or a bed and just slip into oblivion for a couple hours.  His thoughts turned to the six-pack of beer cooling in the motel’s mini fridge where he had left it. The more he thought about it, the more he was convinced his search was over for the d-
Castiel turned to look at his brother for an explanation.  “It’s Dean,” Gabriel told him. “You don’t remember Dean?”
“But dad!  We’re looking for the stick!” said Claire with all the seriousness of a six-year-old on a mission while her sister burst into more giggles.
The door closed on their casual banter and Castiel was left alone with his thoughts. He wandered over to the bow window and sat down on the couch.  He could feel the warmth of the afternoon sunlight as it caressed his skin and he closed his eyes.  He let the tingling feel of the sun’s kiss spread throughout his body making him feel light like he was more than flesh.  It felt like he was made of air itself.  His insides quivered from a strange familiarity and he relaxed into the comfort of the touch.
Dean Winchester startled and grabbed at the thin sheet.  As he tore it away from his face his eyes caught the edge of the words written on the flyer and he startled again: Castiel.  Heart pounding, he looked at it more closely only to realize it was an advertisement for Castle Storage.  He balled the flyer up and tossed it aside catching sanctimonious glares thrown at him from passing pedestrians.  Dean leaned forward, his elbows on his knees and tore at his hair.
Dean put the key down on the little semi-circular table by the door and walked out, throwing the duffle over his shoulder as he let the door close behind him.  He left the place behind as the traces of his own presence faded from between its walls.
Dean leaned forward, their foreheads pressing together as he closed his eyes, his breathing heavy like he had just been running.
“Dean! C’mon, Dean.  No, the chances that a place like this is still available?  In this city?  You’re dreaming in technicolour!  You betcha it’s gone by now.  Dean!”
“I understand your concern, but we’ve taken some extraordinary measures, so far, keeping your brother alive.  Measures that go against Castiel’s wishes.  We have to come to terms with the medical facts: there is no bringing him back.  We have to do the right thing.”
Following Castiel’s directions, Dean rushed up to the third floor, choosing to avoid the slow elevator and taking the stairs two at a time.  He barely registered Charlie’s huffing complaints.  Castiel’s voice was all he listened to, the words themselves translating directly into actions like they were but one mind.
Dean turned around, realizing that while he thought she had gone to the washroom, really, she had shed her clothes and was now standing in the bedroom doorway in nothing but the scantest black lace bra and thong.  His brain went momentarily out of commission, white static drowning out any possible thought process.
he wondered.  His hand found a metal railing to hold onto and he tried to sit up.  His muscles screamed in protest and he fell back to the mattress with a groan.
Castiel had walked over to the table and sat himself down on the last remaining chair, watching his nieces lovingly as they chattered away in an incomprehensible babble.  Dean stole quick glances at him, unable to ignore the sadness in his face as he did.  He was not going to give up that easily.
“Let’s go,” Castiel told him and kicking his legs out one after the other, he pried Dean away and out the heavy door.
“I’m sorry, but other than social media sensationalism, there is no record of anyone waking up from the type of coma Castiel is in. I’m sorry.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose as the tall cassocked scarecrow spritzed holy water at the exact spot two feet right of the intended target.
He felt Castiel pull away from him and suddenly, it was his warm hand, no longer his clutched coat, that he gripped tightly.  When he felt the tug on his arm, Dean opened his eyes, his gaze landing right away on Castiel’s lips, tugged to the side in a lopsided smile.  The man turned away, facing down the hallway, the door to the bedroom ajar at the end of it, the glow of the flickering candles Dean had lit first spilling from it.  He was pulled forward as Cas walked down the length of the dark wooden floorboards and pushed open the door.
Dean considered telling him exactly what was wrong: tell him that he would like nothing more than to make slow, passionate love to him, to taste his sweat on his tongue, to explore every inch of his body with his fingers, his mouth… to join their bodies in pure bliss and to watch him come apart under him.  He could feel his heart racing in his chest at the thought of finally being one with the blue-eyed man.  But he didn’t want to push Castiel, didn’t want him to think that sex was all he wanted.  He reminded himself again that for Cas, he could wait.
“Alicia call 9-1-1!” called out the black maitre D as she crouched down to examine the fallen waiter.  “I can’t tell if he’s breathing.
“I… um… Oh!” was all he could manage as Dean kissed his way ever lower, following the shape of his ribs and down his flat stomach along the line of dark hair that started just below his belly button.  Dean had reached the edge of Castiel’s pants, his exploration stopped by the clothing.  He pulled his mouth away from his stomach as he let his gaze drift down to the bulge before him.  Dean brought his hands to the thin belt around Castiel’s hips and quickly undid the buckle, pulling the leather out and back.  Castiel drew his torso up, leaning back on his elbows as Dean’s fingers undid his pants’ button and then pulled down on the zipper’s tab.  As he pulled away the fabric, he glanced up at Castiel’s face, checking if he was going too fast.  The man’s cheeks were flushed a deep red in the candlelight and Dean gave him an encouraging smile as he pulled the pants down.  Castiel lifted his hips so Dean could rid him of the constricting trousers.  He pulled them down his long legs as he crawled back off the end of the bed.  He hooked his fingers around the edge of his socks and quickly pulled them off too, leaving Castiel on display: leaning back on his elbows, one leg bent at the knee, the other straight out and between them, his erection tenting his white boxers.
The sky was a rare robin’s egg blue as the engine of the black Impala rumbled and purred making its way across Golden Gate Bridge and into Marin County’s rolling hills.  Breathtaking shots of the San Francisco Bay appeared between the long stretches of deciduous and evergreen trees as the pavement of the 101 scrolled under the wheels at fifty-five miles per hour.  The air blew into the car through the open driver’s window and swirled around the leather interior whipping Dean’s hair and shirt as he tapped his good mood on the steering wheel to the beat of Lynyrd Skynyrd’s
