“No,” Rogers replies and his face is still flushed.  He rubs a hand along the back of his neck, and looks at Tony with an expression he can’t decipher.
“Will you go to the Yule Ball with me, Tony?”  He’s actually blushing again, which is so adorable it’s unfair.  It’s like he actually thinks Tony will say no, which is mind-blowing and flattering in a way that Tony just isn’t prepared for.
“Oh…um…” Tony’s initial inclination is to deny it - to be fair, that particular memory is a bit fuzzy right now - but Steve is caressing his face with an expression so hopeful it’s impossible to misinterpret.  So...there's that. Wow. He restrains himself from pinching his own arm again. “Yeah.”
“Okay.” Tony nods and swallows, because he doesn’t know what else to do.  His face is heating up again and his heart is beating its way up into his throat, and he genuinely doesn’t know how to proceed at this point, because -
“Oh, Tony…” She looks at him like she thinks he’s the mad one; like she feels sorry for him, and he tenses up.
He isn’t too sure how it starts – Bucky will say it’s a reference to Dum Dum going commando and yowling about it when he’s drunk on smuggled firewhiskey one night – but the moniker, Howling Commandos sticks to their ragtag group to the point where the whole school starts calling them by the name. And Steve becomes the unofficial Captain, sometimes said with reverence sometimes with scorn, because he can’t keep his nose out of things – according to Bucky.
The moment she walks away, Bucky turns around to face him. “Wow, I’m invisible. It’s like I’ve become you.”
This problem only gets worse as time wears on, but Tony is a master at burying his issues beneath layers of narcissism and sarcasm and one-night stands.  Rogers is always so damn nice to him, though, even when Tony tosses barbs his way during joint lessons or in the halls.  The shorter boy only looks at him, like he can see right through his armor of bullshit and appreciates every last part of him. Tony is left swallowing around a lump in his throat, because Rogers’s smile is bright and warm like the sun rising over the Mediterranean at daybreak.
“Hey!” Tony retorts. “At least it’s all complimentary. I wouldn’t still be with you if I didn’t enjoy your ass…ets.”
Heads turn when Steve enters the Great Hall that night, but he’s only aware of one. Tony’s staring at him with his mouth open and Steve tries not to feel too exhilarated. After all, despite all the changes, he still feels like the same Steve – the runt of the litter. But Bucky nudges him and grins. “See what I mean?”
Clint Barton from Hufflepuff and Natasha foster a strange bond that Tony will never figure out, but he doesn’t have the balls to ask either of them about the particulars.  By their fourth year, he spends half his time wondering if there’s sex involved, but there’s no definitive proof either way.  So he contents himself by ribbing Clint about his wand, which is a stubby little thing at 4 inches (this is his actual wand not, you know, his other...well, Tony's never seen
As he’d run his fingers over the soft, smoothed surface, Steve couldn’t fight the feeling that this one… this one came right from Tony Stark himself. A blooming warmth sprouted from his stomach, and he’d sat down and spent the next couple hours poring over the gift in front of him.
Despite the rift that had formed between them somewhere between coming back from Afghanistan and finally falling in love for the first time, Tony was determined to fix it. He’d build a damn bridge if he had to. Leave the suit on the other side and burn it as he crossed.
Steve got to bear witness to some of the most astounding pieces of technology he’d ever seen in his life hot off the press. Most of the pieces he was assigned to came from the laboratories and warehouses located on the lower levels of Stark Tower, but when a metallic prosthetic for an arm found its way to his desk, he had to wonder.
Sure, the outfit wasn’t the most professional of choices, but that didn’t mean Steve didn’t appreciate it.
As Tony walked forward, he swore the man was getting bigger. Seriously, he’d have to ask how Asgardian physics and biology worked. He might literally kill someone for those muscles and that height.
But he was also angry with them. Furious. They should have been there; they could have helped. Probably would have been useful to have a king of an entire alien nation helping him out with the political side of the Accords. And having another pair of genius eyes might have helped smooth the road for all of them. Not to mention that the entire team could’ve used a healthy dose of Bruce’s calm.
“And you’re right. I don’t, well, in the light of being honest, I don’t exactly work for S.I.,” he said, phrasing it like it was an admittance.
That was… a lot to take in, Tony thought as an empty laugh bubbled from his throat. However, his mind latched on to one part in particular.
Schooling his expression, Tony shifted himself forward. He placed his elbows on the titanium table in front of him, feeling the chill writhe into his bones. Suppressing a shiver, Tony pushed his elbows farther in, relishing in the physical pain.
Tony didn’t immediately notice as his hand came up to circle his chest in an absent minded manner. It circled the place where the arc reactor no longer lay. When he finally did catch himself, Tony dropped his hand with a sigh, leaning his head back to take a deep breath and clenching his hand into a fist. After years of the thing invading his chest, he supposed that old habits were going to be difficult to break. He just figured that he’d be over it by now, all these years later.
Steve’s heart gave a screeching putter, his head whipping up before he could so much as put his thoughts into actions. Mr. Stark’s curled, wild hair was shimmering with raindrops that never got to reach the grounds of the New York streets. The collar of his black and grey paneled duffle coat was pulled up along with his shoulders as he tensed in on himself, and Steve almost couldn’t make out those deep brown eyes over all of that. Despite the tremors zipping through his crossed arms, Mr. Stark’s delicate features wrinkled in a syrupy smile. His irises twinkled with the yellows, reds, and greens of the streetlights, headlights, and traffic lights that reflected within puddles pooling in the cracks and twists of the asphalt around them.
"We do this together, or not at all," Pepper said as she and Rhodey jogged back toward him.  Damn them.  Damn them both.  "How can we help?"
He frowned a bit when he stepped through the doorway, looking around.  He hadn't paid much attention in the morning when he'd woken up, too groggy to notice fine details, but now he got the odd feeling that things were… off.  Like a stranger had been here and moved things around. But that wasn't possible, was it? Surely Ma would have said something if they'd had a visitor - she certainly hadn't shied away from mentioning other things.
Sometimes, he reads about his father and Sunset in the newspapers.  Sunset marries some other rich man, of course, and the papers seem to portray them as happy enough.  And his father—well.  All the wars certainly aren’t hurting his business.  But neither of them ever makes any notion to contact him—Tony doesn’t even know if they know he’s alive, though he suspects they do—and he returns the favor.
Steve blinks again at him, very slowly.  “Oh!” he manages at last, far too delayed and feeling his ears start to burn.  “Right.  Um… just, um… just lie down.  On the couch.  In whatever way you think is most comfortable.”  God.  No wonder Tony is so vain—he’s
“C’mon,” he tried again, wavering on the spot.  “Steve.  You’re not a sabretooth.  You’re a human and a mighty swell fellow, okay?  Making people bleed is bad and so you should stop.”
“Glad to hear it,” Steve replies.  He pulls away to look at him, and that’s when he remembers—Tony’s arm is covered in blood.  “…You’re bleeding.”
Steve blinks, glancing at Tony again, but then Sunset speaks—”That’s not his.  It’s yours, isn’t it, Tony?”
It was definitely a tomb.  That was good, because it continued to corroborate what Tony knew, but it was also bad because no matter how many tombs Tony had explored during his days of doing
Tony inhales sharply, briefly reminded of that moment two nights ago when he’d climbed over the railing on the opposite end of the ship, but he forces the memory away.  This isn’t anything like that night.  Steve isn’t going to hurt him.  He’d never hurt him.  So he steps up, his free hand reaching down to grip at the rail.  “It’d be really bad if I fell over,” he says.
At first, the day seemed as though it would be the same as the others.  They rode down the streets of the city, tires quiet against the pavement as they navigated past dead cars and fallen bodies.  They snuck into a store at one point, took out a couple of biters, and found a few cans of food that had rolled under the shelves before getting back onto their bikes.
Tony's smile broadened.  "It's a date, then," he replied.  "I mean—it won't be a fun date, but… it's something."
"I don't think anyone's surprised to hear that," Pepper said with an eyeroll.  "But you're just going to have to deal with it."
“Tony, wait,” Rogers protested, following after him, but Tony paid him no heed.  He turned this way and that, going forward when the readings got stronger, turning away when they got weaker.
"That was an accident," Tony replied, trying to remember the lie he'd come up with to cover for the fact that Steve had emptied out all his bottles.  "You know."
A flush works its way up Steve’s cheeks, but he nods a little tightly, shimmying toward the couch.  “Um, okay,” he says.  “…Don’t look.”
He sighs, resting his head against the pole and closing his eyes.  He loves Tony, he thinks.  He loves him so much and he should have said it earlier but now it’s too late, and Tony’s going to live his life feeling like no one ever did.
As if on cue, the airship appeared behind them at long last, looking almost like a mirage.  It sunk low enough for them to board, the doors opening up with Jarvis standing in the entryway.  "There you bloody are," he shouted down at them.  "Why'd the other plane go off?  Where's the Captain?"
"Thanks," Cap said politely, as though Tony had given him a more salient answer than just a shrug.  He opened the jar, pried it out of the foam, and held it in one red-gloved hand.  It looked spectacularly ordinary.
“I need you to get a hard drive I left in Texas and give it to the new Captain America,” he tells Maria Hill.
There had to be a better way, but Steve couldn't think of one, so he reluctantly reached down and… scooped some of the gunk up.  It was warm and sticky and the smell was repugnant, but he started to cover himself as well, trusting Tony on this.  "You've done this before," he said quietly.
He looks down at Tony’s hand in confusion.  That’s sort of a weird request, isn’t it?  The thing is from Sunset.  And Steve thought Tony was trying to get away from her.  Nonetheless, if Tony wants it… Steve isn’t going to deny him.  He doesn’t think he can deny Tony anything.  “Alright,” he replies.
He hesitates for a moment, wavering on the spot.  He’s hurt Steve.  What if Steve doesn’t care about him anymore?  It seems unlikely, but… it still wouldn’t be a surprise.  After all, he’s no stranger to losing interest in people.  Would it really be such a shock if someone as amazing and kind as Steve lost interest in
Well, okay, he knew what to do, sort of.  At the very least, he had to get Rogers’ shield—from what he’d heard, it was a miracle of modern engineering, and no way was he going to leave it down here at the mercy of stray giant cats, indestructible or not.
He straightened after picking up another one to find Tony staring at him.  He'd stopped trying to discourage Steve from gathering them, but there was something in his expression that gave Steve pause.  "What is it?" he asked.
"Sounds straightforward enough," Steve said.  Of course, he'd had his fair share of unexpected turns of events, but he was adept enough at working around them.  "So which of you two is going?"
Something’s happened, Steve realizes then.  He doesn’t know what, but he’ll be damned if he just lets Tony walk off like this.  So he circles around the deck again until he finds what he’s looking for—a place where he can climb up and over the rail of the top deck.  Once he’s up, he exhales sharply, straightening his jacket and looking around.  Hmm.  It’s unlikely he’ll be allowed to wander around up here alone for long, so the sooner he finds Tony, the better.
Tony laughed.  "The feeling is mutual," he replied as he, then Steve, shook her hand.  "Nothing like a worldwide disaster to bring people together, huh?"
Tony could almost see the pulse in Steve's neck jump when he heard that.  His mouth opened, and Tony expected to hear some level of denial, of incredulity, of rage -
Unfortunately, it definitely seemed real.  No two ways around that. And since Steve wasn't here now, it was up to Tony to do something about it.  "I'm gonna get you some orange juice and toast," he told her. People drank orange juice when they were sick, right?  Of course, in his home he drank freshly-squeezed orange juice whereas here he was pretty sure it came out of a can and had to be cut with water, but juice was juice.
When she expresses interest in cryptography, he’s quick to teach her what he knows.  When she asks for examples, he shows her the security systems guarding proprietary Stark Industries files.  When she wants to understand how such systems could possibly be bypassed, he doesn’t think twice about breaking into the servers, explaining the process as he goes along.
He knew as soon as consciousness returned to him that something was off.  The bed, the ambient noise, the light filtering through his eyelids all felt wrong.
Cap let out a soft hum.  "So do we check it out?" he asked.  "Cut some trees down, build a raft, sail over?"
When Tony finally collapsed from exhaustion that night, covered in his own writing, it was with terror in his heart because he knew, he
Birch looked back at Tony, his eyes crinkling.  "You think that was it?" he asked.  "That taking that piece from me was all you needed to do?  Tony, Tony, Tony.  There is so much more happening.  Look around you.  Do you see what is in this room?"
"Okay," Tony said, mostly to himself as he looked around.  "I'm going to see how bad the damage is.  Find out what we have to work with.  Cap, I need a favor."
And though Tony dearly wants to call her out on it, he holds back.  Saying those words would make her angry, and that would make his father angry, and then maybe his father would leave him for good and what would Tony do then?  Christ, he’s pathetic.  He inhales, exhales, thinks of Steve.  Steve with his blue eyes and his broad hands.  Steve wouldn’t want him just for his money.  Steve likes him.  Steve wants so badly to help him, even if most of the time Tony is convinced he can’t be helped.  Sure, he’ll go out and have fun and lean in real close as he thinks of kissing him… but in the end, he pulls away.  He has to.  His father’s leash is tight around his neck.  “…Well,” he says after a moment, “he didn’t get my money, so I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”
Tony hesitated, torn for a moment.  If she wanted privacy she certainly deserved it, but… it was rare.  He didn't think he'd ever seen her stay in her room during the day. Was it a new development, he wondered?  Steve hadn't mentioned anything about it in his journal.
"You wanted north, this is north," Tony replied.  "And we're right on the border anyway.  But really, it was a nice place when we left.  Working sink and everything."
, who likes old motorcycles and plain circle shields without any cool tech attached to them.  Ergo, he pretty much likes everything as long as they don’t threaten the American dream.  “What, you had a bad experience or something?”
ing sound.  "Your stupid robot malfunctioned in the worst possible place.  But hey, hopefully you learned your lesson, right? So, you wanna go?"
“Not really,” Steve said, and if Tony had been drinking something, he was pretty sure he would have spit it out.  “Though we’ve only known each other for about a week.”
His options were limited.  He needed to find the others, but he wanted to minimize the risk of getting shot, friendly or otherwise.  So he pushed himself up into a crouching position, then made his way toward where he thought the pit was, sighing in relief when the ground nearly gave way under his feet—and wasn't
As they continued south the next day, after they'd washed the blood and guts off of themselves and raided a department store for clean clothes, Steve realized that the parkway they were following would take them right through New York City, and that they'd be there within the next couple of days.  "Tony," he said.  "You think it's possible that maybe—if it's not too much trouble—we could stop by Brooklyn?"
“Steerage?” Howard interrupts, blanching.  “Are you trying to embarrass me, boy?”  He looks around, as though paranoid that someone might be listening in.  Then he leans forward, directing his glare at Tony again.  “What is
Over.  It was a dangerous thought, Steve felt, one that was so very tempting to give into after all these weeks of difficult traveling.  But maybe it wasn't so farfetched.  Maryland was getting closer every minute, Tony had designs for something that could distribute a cure, and Steve had proven that he wouldn't turn.  All the pieces were almost there.  They just had to put them together.  "You think?" Steve asked.
Tony sank to his knees, staring down at the one thing he had that embodied the feelings he had for both of them.  The one thing he had that he'd now destroyed. Oh, God. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." He reached out gingerly for the pieces, as though they'd crumble in his hands if he handled them too roughly, and laid them out on the carpet so that they almost looked like one coherent whole again.
“Y-you’re really a sight,” he says after a moment, because he hates being quiet when he’s being intimate—it feels more impersonal if they’re not talking.  Tony doesn’t seem to mind from the way he’s gazing up at him, mouth still making sucking motions as the corners of his eyes crinkle ever so slightly.
Stark let out his breath in a soft hiss, turning to gaze in the direction they'd come from.  "Be right back."
"Yeah, but we still went into a booby-trapped tomb and fought a bunch of bad guys," Cap said, grinning.  "I think it was just like
“Shh,” the person said, sounding annoyed enough that Tony could tell it was Rogers for sure.  “Stark, there’s something outside.”
, but hello, that was an emergency.  And anyway, Rogers had that glint in his eye that basically said
He shrugs her hand away, staring blankly at the wall opposite him.  What… what had just happened?  He’d been so happy just a moment ago.  And then everything had changed.
"No, I've had it for a while," came the response.  "Been carrying it around as protection.  Just in case."
Tony shifted in his grasp.  "Yeah, that's exactly why we shouldn't both be squeezing into the mysterious black hole.  But you can't carry me around forever.  Steve, we're running out of time!"
”  Besides, Tony has dozens of nice suits.  What does it matter to him if one has its stitches popped?
Then a thought occurred to him.  "Oh, my God," he said.  "You know who Virgil was, don’t you?  And I know how."
They had just crossed an intersection, stepping back onto the sidewalk when some debris rustled, and a biter—no, two of them—slowly emerged from it, crawling on the ground—did they have legs?  It didn't look like they had legs.  Steve stepped back quickly, pulling Tony with him when he felt a sharp pain along his left calf.  "What the—" Steve began, twisting around to see what it was.  Someone had glued triangles of glass to the brick wall lining the sidewalk, about a foot above the ground, and he'd managed to completely miss it.
The last thing Steve sees is Stark scowl as he helps Stone to his feet, before Steve is carried off by his Gryffindor Housemates in a wave of victory.
Then Rogers comes back Sixth Year, looking like the bulked-up love-child of Apollo and Aphrodite, and Tony has to hole himself away in the abandoned room he’s been using as his workshop just to give himself some time to hyperventilate in peace.  He can’t even handle it.  Rogers has always been beautiful, but now everyone can see it.  Now when Rogers walks into the Great Hall, heads turn and students whimper –
“Yep,” Tony replies stupidly, his mouth dry as the memories flood his brain.  “Too much Firewhiskey.”
The revelation stings. He hadn’t known that, but he isn’t surprised. Not really. Tony is beautiful. “I don’t want him like that.”
Steve stares at the Slytherin table, weary now. He has to admit they do seem a bit stiff and standoffish. Even Stark, so soon after his newborn deer impression, now appears comfortable in his perfectly pressed robes, a smirk on his face as he leans toward a pretty red-head. Steve hadn’t really had an opinion about Houses before, but now he finds himself relieved he isn’t in that one. He’s skinny as a rail and his robes are careworn. He barely has a galleon to his name. But those kids, they look like they were born with silver spoons in their mouths. The kinds of kids who look down on kids like him.
“Yeah.” James nods. “So maybe you should cut Tony some slack. Whatever you think he is, he’s not that.”
Steve wakes up in the Hospital Wing, feeling like an idiot. Bucky and the others are crowded around his bed and he groans.
“Okay…” Tony says and he pushes himself up so he’s sitting against the pillows.  He feels woozy and sweaty, and he can’t help asking, “He didn’t cry again, did he? Because…because that’s not a reputation I need right now.  The guy who makes the Captain of the Howling Commandoes cry.  There would be a lot of hexes focused in my general direction and I’d have to wear the armor all the time.  That’d be inconvenient…and sweaty.  I should think about installing some sort of interior air conditioning in that thing.  Make a note of that, Pep. Internal AC.  Mandatory upgrade.”
Steve frowns, confused. “The entire House is full of bullies. Purebloods and rich kids who would rather skirt the rules than do the work necessary to get ahead.”
Steve gets asked out by multiple girls and some boys in the Halls, but he always gently turns them down. And Tony asks, “What are you waiting for?”
Luckily, he doesn’t have much time to think about them as he’s swept up in the revelation that is Gryffindor Tower. It’s cosy with its fireplace and plush beds. It’s the fanciest place he’s ever lived.
Needless to say, Tony sleeps with his wand under his pillow. You know, when he sleeps at all, which is basically never.
But then he looks up from his food one evening in the Great Hall and spots Peggy Carter leaning down to kiss Rogers on the cheek like it’s the most natural thing in the world, and his world crumbles around him.
Steve doesn’t have the heart to argue. But Tony isn’t a jerk. That’s his armor, the person he projects to the world. But inside, he’s infinitely kind. And that’s why his rejection hurts so much.
Which is…yeah, that’s not even an option for him, because…because if he thinks about it then it gives him hope and when he has hope, his mind calculates all the ways in which he can go about solving it like any other puzzle, and that’s bad, that’s suicide because risking whatever tentative thing he has with Rogers right now is already more than he knows he can handle.  Rogers is lodged in his chest, right between his lungs like that bludger had been, and he doesn’t even know what would happen to him if he has to remove it.  So he doesn’t do anything about it.  He just takes what he can get, what Rogers offers him on the days that he seeks him out after classes.  And he thinks that’s fine, that’s manageable, because he’s never going to get anything more and he can totally handle it...
So it’s a genuine relief when Steve leans down and kisses him Spider-man style (what?  He watches Muggle movies).  It’s an awkward angle and their lips catch in weird ways, but it’s the intent that makes it perfect and Tony can’t help sighing into it and clutching the back of Steve’s head to keep him there a little longer.  Steve hums against his mouth and nips his lower lip once before he leans back and regards Tony with that same look of overwhelming adoration Tony has been completely blind to up until this moment.  Merlin…he really has been an idiot. Point to Natasha…and Pepper, and probably everyone else.  God.
"Me?" Cap asked, as though there were anyone else Tony could be addressing.  "Oh.   Well.  Fury would probably ask me to go back to Europe.  That's where I was spending all my time before this assignment came along."  He shrugged.  "And what about you, Tony?  I'd… heard that you were doing research stateside."
The breath caught in his throat for a moment, feeling his eyes glaze over as he lost himself to the urgent pull of the past. Staring out across the expansive universe around him. Trillions upon trillions of stares poking through the darkness of his vision, but even that vast amount of light couldn’t overcome the nothingness that reached the insurmountable miles between each dying star.
Standing up, Pepper brushed the nonexistent dust off of herself, turning to face Tony fully. “You’re just in time. Did FRIDAY tell you to come up? I have some things for you to sign before tomorrow’s meeting.”
able to read those words, he fumbled for the closest heavy object he could find and smashed the damn thing.
As if it had been that that made them want to drive him out, Steve thought, feeling his jaw tick in protest as he smashed his teeth together.
Tony wasn’t quite sure what to make of it. Its curved edges looked like the static on an old television; like the atoms in the air were spreading and writhing against the image of space. An endless space. Empty and breathtaking and absolutely inescapable.
Frantic footsteps resounding in his ringing ear canals made him look up from where his head was hanging over his chest. He registered a tight grip coming around his bicep and pulling him up. There were frantic hands at his chest, brushing over his chest, pressing momentarily at the center of his chest until darting away, and Tony felt himself pulled into something firm, but soft and hauntingly warm.
The man turned back toward Steve, eyes searching his. He thought he was able to make out something hesitant but hopeful in the look, but Steve had been wrong about worse things before. His mom had always said he was one of the densest people she’d ever had the pleasure of knowing.
“James Buchannan Barnes,” Bucky finished, looking back towards Mr. Stark. The man who’d asked, “You don’t know?”
There’s a heaviness in Tony’s arms and legs, a dull tingling he can feel running through his limbs as it reaches for his addled and fogged mind. It’s something, he thinks, in the distant kind of thought that waves as it passes you by, that should cause him some form of panic.
Thoughts ran wild through Steve’s mind as his brain tried to catalogue one specific detail after another like a dying man trying to capture the minutes of his life as they flashed before his eyes. It was almost too much.
“So what are you doing here, kid?” Bucky asked, looking smug as his eyes went wide. As if his curiosity were legitimate.
There was a vat in the corner of his lab holding a reworking of a gold-titanium chest plate fit for a slightly smaller chest. If Tony soaked the metal in that acid for long enough to create a networking of pores, he could fill and trap a saline solution within the body of the metal. It was simple after that. All he had to do was introduce an electrical charge into the liquid, which had become iodized, and by strengthening and weakening the atomic bonding within the metal by giving or taking away extra electrons, the strength of the material could more than double when necessary.
Rogers looked at him, and for an instant, Tony feared that he was just going to let go.  But then—then he growled, and then he grit his teeth, and then he managed to get one paw firmly onto solid, horizontal ground.  A few seconds of ragged breathing later, he managed to hoist the upper half of his body out of the ravine, looking pained.  Some of the rock gave way underneath him, and he scrabbled again, slipping before regaining his lost ground and then finally, finally pulling himself up all the way to wind up in a sprawled heap.
"But I don't have anything to call you besides 'Cap'," Tony protested.  "That's not a quality I prefer in the people I work with."
“It’s not aimless—” Rogers began, but Tony was already walking off, heading down the small hill they’d been standing at the top of.  “Stark—”
No wonder Steve isn’t here anymore.  No wonder he just went and left after helping Tony reboot.  Steve must hate him, and it’s not hard to understand why.
“I’m not letting you run around like this!” Steve says, pulling away and taking off his shirt.  Before Tony can ask what the hell he’s doing, or even just admire the way he looks in just his undershirt, Steve is folding it up, sticking it under Tony’s own shirt and pressing down on it, causing him to hiss in pain.  “I’m sorry,” he continues apologetically.  “But we gotta stop the bleeding.”
By the time he came back to himself, he realized that there was a hand on his shoulder, and he turned briefly enough to see the other man nearly standing, steadying himself against Tony.  "Bucky, what - "
They walked.  Steve didn't want to admit it to himself, but he was definitely slower, even without taking Bucky into consideration.  Tony seemed to feel the same way—he didn't say anything, but Steve could tell Tony was slowing down for his sake.
And so they rode back in silence, stopping when they were a couple of miles away from the original crossing.  Tony dismounted, leaning his bike against one of the many abandoned cars on the highway, with Steve following suit.  "We'll have to ditch the bikes," he said, looking unhappy.  "And we still need a biter."
Remembering how badly their interaction with Luke and Jessica had gone at first, Steve held his hands up in surrender.  His whole body was tense, though, and he was ready to move quickly if it was necessary.  From beside him, Tony did the same.  "We're not looking for any trouble, ma'am," he said.
Cap gaped at him.  "Wait," he said, tugging on Tony's hand as if to get him to lie down again.  "I didn't mean
“It’s just a cut.”  Tony tried to roll onto his side, away from Rogers’ gaze as he gritted his teeth in pain.  God, this was stupid.  He should just let Rogers take care of him, it was just—he didn’t want anyone to see the metal plate shielding his damaged heart.  Not even Captain America.
Anyway, it’s that night in the privacy of his four-poster that he tries to sleep and realizes he may have a problem.  He can’t stop thinking about Rogers and his stupid, pouty lips.  Or his dumb, earnest face.  Or his calm, deep voice in the middle of a crisis.
After a month of this, he thinks maybe he’s getting somewhere with Tony. Maybe they’ve become friends.
After that, it’s like Steve can see through Stark’s armor – an armor Steve hadn’t even been aware of before. He sees it when Stark makes a cutting remark about a classmate’s potion but then proceeds to help them do it right. He sees it when Stark beats his duelling partner in Defense, but then makes sure to give them wand-handling tips. He sees it when Stark transfigures a red and gold suit of armor and insists to James as they walk through the halls that the colors are in honor of their friendship. And He sees it when Stark bows to the Hippogryph in Magical Creatures and it bows back, gaining the beast’s trust in two minutes flat.
“Yeah, no muggle – non-magic – blood.” Sam shakes his head. “I keep forgetting you guys are from the muggle world yourselves.”
That might be overstating it, but his mood isn’t great regardless.  So when Rogers finds him in his workshop that night, Tony doesn’t even turn around.  He focuses on the improvements he’s making to his armor, and when Steve comes in and sits down, Tony finally says, “I’d like to be alone, actually.”
The tip of the iceberg to the entire situation is when Peggy Carter marches up to him one day after their joint Magical Creatures class and slaps him hard across the face.  Tony whinges to Pepper and Rhodey afterwards, but neither of them look surprised or sympathetic, the traitors.  Natasha’s only contribution is to declare that her admiration for Peggy Carter has grown exponentially.  Clint smirks as he sharpens his arrows. But Bruce grimaces in sympathy, which is why Bruce is his favorite, really.
He doesn’t even know if they’re friends, but Rogers always seeks him out after a few days and the routine starts over again.  It’s definitely torture, but he can’t bring himself to make it stop.
That summer, a friend of his mother’s contracts Steve to work on his farm. Cleaning out horse stalls full of excrement definitely helps put things in perspective. And the hard labor changes him so much that one day he sees himself in the mirror and has to do a double take. He shoots up several inches by summer’s end and his body, once thin and weak, is now defined by muscles he never thought he’d have.
Natasha scares the shit out of him, but she’s smart and observant.  He can’t say that for a lot of people in his house, unfortunately.  So, in a weird way, they bond – mostly through mutual exasperation.  Tiberius Stone is the only other Slytherin worth knowing. But even then, there’s a voice in the back of Tony’s lizard brain that tells him the kid wouldn't hesitate to hex him at the first opportunity.  And Stephen Strange really lives up to his surname -  patrolling the halls late at night with a cape of all things - until he turns up in the Great Hall for breakfast looking like he’d spent the entire night walking through hell.
“Uh…sure?” Tony replies uncertainly. As far as he's aware, Rogers has already been doing exactly that for weeks without a formal request. But Rogers just beams at him and takes a seat at one of the abandoned desks.
Sam takes a swig from his goblet and tips it toward their table. “They’re all Purebloods. Slytherin was the only Founder who cared about blood and money. And Stark has both in spades. The Dark Lord was from that house. If you ask me, you guys dodged a hex by getting placed in Gryffindor.”
The first time Steve sees Tony Stark, the kid is buried under the Sorting Hat and Sam mutters into Steve’s ear, “If Stark isn’t in Slytherin, I’ll eat my own hat.”
And unlike the kids at his old school, his Housemates take to him despite his frailty. It doesn’t hurt that he seems to be a natural at dueling and charms, which is exhilarating after a lifetime of only excelling at more quiet pursuits like reading and sketching. Magic unlocks a strength in him that he never knew was there, but he loves it. After a childhood of getting beaten up on the playground and back alleys, he finally feels like he can make a difference.
“Rogers was here earlier,” Clint throws in, overly-casual, but he’s giving Tony a look as he says it.  “He said he wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Mmmm…” Tony moans and he turns his head to bury his cheek into the small space between Steve’s thighs.
Tony blushes. Again, it’s clear he doesn’t know how to take compliments. “Of course it is. I made it.”
"For the love of Merlin, Tony. Shut up," Rhodey tells him, holding his head in his hands. "I will seriously hex your mouth closed right now. You know I have to live with the guy, don't you? I'm never going to be able to look him in the eye again. Oh my god."
“You don’t?” Sam frowns at Steve’s silence. “The Starks are an old Wizarding family, one of the oldest. All purebloods.”
“Okay.” She nods, like she's taking his request seriously.  “You would never make a good spy.  You have terrible observational skills.”
The hat’s voice pushes into his skull like it has every right to be there, and he has to tamp down on his own instinct to push back.
He goes home to bury his mother on a Sunday, Bucky at his side. It rains that day like God is weeping too. He can only be grateful that it disguises his own tears.
They take their places across from each other, Ty smirking and the Slytherins taking the piss out of Steve – hurling insults.
“Why don’t you ask Rogers out to the Yule Ball?” Pepper asks him one day in the library, because she has clearly gone completely mad.
“I hear you’ve been asked to the Yule Ball,” Tony blurts out one time when he's grown too exhausted to filter himself.
“The right partner,” Steve replies, with the sinking feeling that there’s a disconnect between them that he doesn’t have the courage to bridge.
It’s almost comical how awkward Stark is when Steve finally approaches him to apologize. Steve gets the sense that he doesn’t get apologized to very often or maybe he isn’t especially great at dealing with emotions. Steve tries that assumption on for size and finds it would explain a lot.
“Hell yes,” Tony agrees and he sits up and twists around so that he’s straddling Steve’s magnificent thighs.
Steve stands up to his full height, which admittedly isn’t much. He still has to look up to meet the boy’s eyes. “He was bullying a Hufflepuff and threatening his - ”
She places a hand on his forearm and stops him.  “It isn’t pity.  At least, not in the way you think.”
Bucky and Steve share a look. And that’s how Sam finds out about Steve’s crush on Tony, much to Sam’s dismay. But Sam is a good person and a good friend, and he tells Steve that even though he doesn’t think Stark deserves him, he supports Steve. Steve doesn’t know what he did to deserve friends like Sam.
“You know what? I don’t care.” James waves his hands in frustration. “Do you know what Tony was even doing that night?”
He pops up at his workshop unannounced sometimes, too, his bulk filling the doorway until Tony whirls around and notices he’s there.  He’s glad he doesn’t have a weak heart, because the guy scares the shit out of him, lurking like that in all of his glorious perfection.  Rogers stammers an apology every time, but that doesn’t stop him from ninja-ing his way into Tony’s workshop the next time, and it’s honestly baffling.  Tony doesn’t know whether he likes it or hates it, but he never can drudge up the will to tell the guy to go away.
Of course, there’s no way Tony could feel the same. So, Steve visits him in the Infirmary when he’s still unconscious. Just to make sure he’s still breathing, and to keep the nightmares - Tony’s body being lowered into the earth at the funeral instead of his mother’s - at bay. He passes Barton on the way out, who side-eyes him but doesn’t say anything.
He doesn’t fully believe that, but then Tony wakes up, color high on his cheeks as he realizes he’s in Steve’s lap. He looks up beneath his dark eye lashes at Steve and Steve just knows. His friends were right all along.
Clint has a worrying habit of hanging out in high places throughout the castle and dropping down in front of unsuspecting first-years, so Tony shuts up and spends a manic 48 hours transfiguring some protective armor for himself.  The armor is beautiful – red and gold with moving parts that glimmer in the torch light - and when Clint inevitably tries to shoot him with one of his hexed arrows, they break apart across its surface.  Clint grumbles about the color choice, but Tony insists it’s perfect and flashy with no affiliation to a certain House That Shall Not Be Named.  Clint and Natasha both side eye him and then each other, but Tony ignores it.
, thank Merlin, so he wouldn't know). But, even so, Clint threatens to use him for target practice in the dead of night when he least suspects it.
He can hear footsteps pounding the pitch all around them as shadows fall from the sky, but his vision tunnels and goes black before he can do or say anything else.
When he comes to, he thinks he must be dreaming because Steve’s upside down face is hovering over him and there are fingers running through the hair framing his forehead.
Peggy kisses him on the cheek in the Great Hall that night and echoes Tony, “Ask that Stark-boy to the Yule Ball, Steve. What are you waiting for?”
Bucky claps him on the back as he sits on the couch in the common room and stares into the fire. “He doesn’t deserve you, Stevie. He’s a jerk.”
When their lips meet, it’s like fireworks go off in Steve’s core, burning him up from the inside. Tony’s mouth is plush and soft, and he gives as good as he gets.
Luckily, Rhodey looks composed, although there’s a note of disapproval in the line of his frown.  Nothing Tony hasn't seen before.
Tony does a double take when he notices him and Steve finds he can only nod back with a hesitant smile, his ability to speak completely leaving him.  Steve takes a seat at a desk by a window and Tony stares at him for a terrible moment. Then he nods back, and Steve pretends to sketch the things he sees outside on the grounds. But it turns out Tony is more interesting, and he ends up sketching Tony’s hands flying through the air as he molds magical three-dimensional schematics. It’s more than beautiful what Tony does. It’s a work of art. Something that no other wizard could do. Steve’s heart swells at the sight, overwhelmed.
At the Yule Ball, all of Tony’s friends punch him in the arm when they congratulate him for “finally growing some damn balls, Stark,” as Clint summarizes so helpfully.
Bucky laughs so hard he cries when he sees him. Then he gives him a noogie. “You’re bigger than I remember.”
His best friend Rhodey is in the You-Know-What-House anyway, so it isn’t such a horrible color-scheme for Tony to choose.  If anything, he’s honoring that friendship.  After all the shit he’s pulled around him. It’s the least he can do, really.  He’s showing his honey-bear that his House affiliation doesn’t matter to him, despite the fact that Rhodey’s housemates are a bunch of self-righteous jocks, hopped up on whatever the wizard equivalent of steroids is.  Well, Jan’s okay, but she’s dating Hank, who’s a Hufflepuff.  So, obviously, she has some standards.  And Carol was a hat-stall for Ravenclaw.  So at least she has a brain between her ears.
When he wakes up again, he really is an invalid.  He’s alone in a bed in the Hospital Wing and something is holding him down.  He can breathe at least, which helps him not to panic, but the rest of the room is dark and it’s a little hard to feel his limbs.  He closes his eyes because he can’t really hold them open, and the next time he does open them, the room is bright with shafts of sunlight and he isn’t alone anymore.
“Oh!” Tony rips his gaze away from him to see what he’s referring to. “That’s just the arc reactor. Well, it’s not really a reactor in the classical sense. It runs on magic energy – burns clean and endless. I actually upgraded it the other day. See, here you can see where…”
The first time Tony sees Steve Rogers, his palms are sweaty and his mind is trapped in a loop of don’t-fuck-up-and-disappoint-Howard-again.  So he only has enough brain cells free to think, ‘damn, that kid’s small’ and ‘probably a Hufflepuff’, before the Sorting Hat falls over the kid’s eyes and bellows, “Gryffindor!” at the top of its metaphorical lungs.  The tiny kid hobbles over to the Gryffindor table amidst a notably shocked silence. But when the kid takes a seat, his new housemates roar their approval like the meat-headed Neanderthals they are.
He’d say he’s surprised by Stark’s attack when Steve confronts him in the midst of threatening that Hufflepuff boy’s life, but...he really should’ve seen it coming. After all, he might have magic, but that doesn’t mean his immune system has gotten any better. Trust Stark to use that fact to his advantage. The pollen from the Tentacula hex sends him straight into anaphylaxis and the last thing he sees before his vision goes dark is Tony leaning over him with panic in his eyes.
He knows it should hurt as she walks away, but all he feels is a slight tinge of sadness around the edges. He doesn’t feel much of anything anymore.
Steve beams up at him like the sun piercing through the clouds, his big hands resting lightly at Tony’s waist, and Tony kisses him until he’s smiling so wide it’s ridiculous and unwieldy.  But Steve doesn’t seem to mind.  He just tilts his head and kisses Tony long and slow until their smiles fall away and they’re both breathless and aching and perfect.
He stares at Rogers as the guy opens a notebook with blank parchment and gets to work, but Rogers seems to notice after a while and glances up at him through the veil of his ridiculously long lashes to say, “The light is really good in here.”
“Steve,” he coughs out, nonsensically.  He can’t really breathe. That could become a problem. Not enough oxygen to the brain, probably. Which isn't ideal, because he likes his brain.
A great chasm opens up in him that feels like it might consume him whole – a void that he fills with school and Quidditch and even a brief relationship with Peggy.
Tony jumps at the sound of his voice and fumbles his wand. “Um..this? It’s a schematic. For some new armor. Mandatory upgrade. AC you know? It gets hot in there and sometimes the joints stick in the shoulders…Why?”
Peggy approaches him in the common room and Bucky attempts to chat her up, but she barely looks at him. She sticks out her hand and Steve takes it in a shake.
Tony doesn’t breathe out until he leaves, and then he makes sure to keep his hands moving, his mind jumping through calculations that don’t involve the hitch in Steve’s voice when he’d said goodbye.
Steve blushes all the way to his ears when Tony recounts this to him, but he effectively shuts Tony up by engaging his mouth in other activities.
He mopes after that. He tries not to, but the shame eats him up inside. How long had Tony been putting up with him before he finally just snapped? Steve had thought they’d been becoming friends at least, but it’s obvious now that he’d just been an imposition. He buries his sketchbook with all the incriminating sketches of Tony at the bottom of his trunk and tries not to think about them again.
Tony pulls back, his cheeks flushed and lips red. He casts a Silencio and his fingers find Steve’s zipper. “Can I?”
So it doesn’t help that Rogers corrals him in the halls a few weeks later and apologizes to him on behalf of himself and his friends with all the sincerity of a kicked puppy. His eyes are all huge and blue even in the orange torch light and he's got this pout that is only enhanced by a plump lower lip, which Tony has never really had cause to notice before. Tony doesn't even know how to counter the  pathetic picture Rogers makes, so he just pats the boy's pointy shoulder and mutters a half-assed "no problem" under his breath.
But even now, years later, the memory of it makes his heart beat quicken and his mouth go dry; his palms go sweaty like he’s still in line in first year, waiting to be sorted.  It’s disconcerting and weird, and he doesn’t like it.  So he distracts himself from that feeling – which only grows stronger over time, damnit – by charming his way into the beds of various classmates.  Of course, he doesn’t realize that should have been a major clue as to the true source of his feelings until it’s way too late and way too inconvenient.
“If you ever need a shoulder to lean on, I’m still your friend.” She pats his chest, just over his heart.
She gives him a look like he’s grown another head.  It’s intended to make him feel small and stupid and he’s ashamed to realize it works.  “You really are an idiot.”
“You can call me Tony.” Tony smirks and takes Steve in hand, calloused fingers running along his length.
”He’s been a right jealous berk,” Peggy informs him with a twitch of her lips, amused, as she levitates Tony’s limp body down the stairs. “Crashed into the girls’ dorms and demanded I give you back.”
“Right.” Steve’s voice sounds weak, which is disconcerting, but he’s further away now.  “No problem.”
And then Tony realizes that he doesn’t actually give two shits about whether or not his father is proud.
“I won’t hurt you,” Tony promises.  With that, he slowly urges a lotion-covered finger in, gaze finding Steve’s.  “This okay?  Jesus, you’re tight.”
Cautiously, Tony opened his notebook up, casting Cap a sideways glance to make sure he wasn't doing anything untoward, then started reading his notes to catch himself up.
"Don't be so hard on Fury," Captain America cut in, speaking up for the first time.  "It was my idea."
"Oh, my God," Tony breathed, immediately going to Steve's side.  Steve blinked up at him blearily.  "Steve, darling, stay with me, okay?"
It was hard to tell, but Cap looked… confused?  Which was odd, since Cap was the one who'd taken the initiative to let himself into Tony's tent.  "I wanted to see the fragment."
Tony brought out the power detector, blinking at it in surprise.  Huh.  It was working again.  He made it stop beeping, then peered down at the display.  “I’m… picking up something,” he said, a bubble of hope welling up inside of him.  Was this it?  Was this what he’d been looking for?
It was.  It actually was.  A man in a star-spangled suit strode into the room, carrying a shield Tony remembered having design input on.  This was unreal.  Even as someone who spent most of his time in the States, he'd still heard plenty of tales of the man with a plan, the soldier who'd punched Hitler in the face hundreds of times.  And here he was now, standing right in front of them in the flesh.
"Really?"  Tony sighed and closed the cover over his heart, obscuring the glow of the fusion reactor inside.  "It's… nothing."
A thrill of fear ran through Steve.  Gas?  Paralytic agent?  Could Tony's heart handle those things?
Though escape was still on Tony's mind, there were too many people around to make a proper break for it, and if he was going to save Bucky, too, he'd need to get him on board with the plan as well.  So for the moment, he bided his time, letting himself be led onto a plane and taking a seat across from Bucky as they took off - and God, Cap and Bucky must have been really important to the war effort if they'd spared a B-22 Liberator just to pick the two of them up.
Tony let out a nervous laugh that was loud enough that Steve could see Luke, a ways off, glancing their way momentarily before turning his attention back to Jessica.  "You could say that," he said.  "I know about it because in 1939, I found out that Hydra used it on my father and turned him into Baron Zemo."
Tony froze.  He still couldn't see anything, and he was pretty sure they couldn't see him, but it was clear that the other man, at least, was aware of his presence, even if Cap hadn't been.  He took a moment to consider his choices.  Stepping out and just shooting him seemed like the cleanest solution, minimizing the risk in case the man
Stark flapped a hand at him before going back to washing the clothes.  Steve hoped there was soap involved.  "Patience.  You'll learn everything soon enough, and then you'll wish you hadn't."
"Steve - " he heard her protest, but by then he'd already left for the kitchen to get what he needed.
At that, Tony grinned widely, glancing up from the fabric he was measuring.  Steve was way too shy about these things, and he could only imagine how out of the loop his poor mom was.  "I would
“You’re damn right something’s happened,” comes another voice, laced with contempt.  Oh.  Father.  This is going to be fun.  “Search him.”
Tony's eyes went wide.  "Are you crazy?" he asked.  "You just got bit!  We can't go, especially not with you carrying him all the way.  We need to find somewhere safe, wait it out—"
Happiness, he thought, and he opened his eyes back up and pressed his fingertips against the reflection of the tears on his face.
Steve thinks about the shudder he felt, thinks about how massive that iceberg was.  “I… I don’t see any damage.  Do you think we’re okay?”
By now, it was slowly sitting up; was it just him, or did it seem rather lethargic and weak?  Rogers must have put up a hell of a fight, and
too close.  Steve jumped back again, trying to look innocent even though it was too late for that.  "What did we say about tinkering with the appliances?"
," Tony interjected, his voice gone hard.  "Don't.  It's too late.  It's always been too late.  Don't take away my hands."  He reached up to run his fingers through Steve's hair, and Steve didn't know if he should move closer or pull away.  His touch was cold, but ultimately, Steve couldn't resist it.  "I'm sorry."
The whole thing is incredibly arousing, it really is.  But as much as Steve is enjoying this, as much as he wants Tony to suck him to completion… that isn’t all he wants to do tonight.  So after a few more minutes of this—of the best oral sex he’s ever received in his life—he removes his hand from his hair, tapping him lightly on the shoulder instead.  “T-Tony,” he whispers.  “Tony, if you want us to do more tonight, you’re gonna have to stop.”
Forcing his face into a frown, a mask, Tony folded his arms and leaned back into his chair. “To be clear,” he said, narrowing his eyes at the Asgardian and one missing Dr. Banner, “what I’m seeing right now is not a hallucination or a dream. All real. Because you called me. Called me like I spent a couple years calling you,” he threw out, tone nonchalant. “Looking for you. The both of you, but especially Dr. Banner over there. So, what? The ‘Ignore Call’ was the go-to up until now because…?” he prompted.
His heart hammered against his sternum, but Steve returned the smile before averting his eyes not a second later. The doe-eyed look beneath long, sinuous lashes was brighter than the sun, and Steve swore he’d get burned if he looked too long.
Tony’s eyes fluttered closed. He couldn’t watch himself do this again. Couldn’t face what he was doing to her.
The blaring of a blue light splattering against the walls around him, flickering on and off, clued Tony into the reasoning behind FRIDAY’s interruption.
Steve sent him a sheepish grin, realizing it was the only warning he was able – or willing – to risk. Tomato tamato.
Tony’s breath lodged itself somewhere beneath his Adam’s apple, and for a moment, he had trouble getting a decent one past it. A million thoughts raced through his head, a million questions he wanted to voice.
“Good morning, everyone!” he greeted, a cheerful tenor lighting up his voice. “I’m sure you’re all wondering what I’m doing down here in the design team’s department, but I’ve been told by our lovely Mr. Stane that I need to work on my ‘human resource skills,’” he said, and the air quotes around that line showed what he thought of that. “Thus today’s introduction of our two newest members to Stark Industry’s Graphic Design Department.”
Another yawn bubbles its way to his lips, and Tony leans forward, dropping his chin on his chest in another stretch. Daring to venture back into the light, he blinks his eyes open and tries to focus them. The bleary edges start to recede, his gaze becoming sharper.
A bitter pang tries to break through the blank slate filtering the thoughts in his mind. Tony pushes the feeling away. Right now, he needs to think and as reminiscent of a sunset this may seem, there’s a slight problem with his theory: there is no sun.
Tony feels air pop between his teeth and his cheek and heavy eyelids blink open to bright, blurry surroundings. It has Tony closing his eyes again. He registers the same tugging on his clothes as he moves his arms to press on either side of him and push himself up. Sitting is an excursion he finds surprisingly difficult, but he gets far enough to partially rest back against his calves.
“I gotta admit,” Tony sighed after the beat of silence went on for a bout too long, “my patience is running very thin as of late. The two of you, here, are
Running his hands through his hair, he pressed the blunt ends of his fingertips into his scalp. The feeling was a muted ghost of the scraping nails he’d now bitten to buds. Still, the psychosomatic tick was better than nothing at all.
Getting off the couch before he even made it to the halfway point, Pepper marched towards him, a frown already marring her features. Tony sighed inwardly. Now that look was far more customary, and he felt himself slump inward even more. This is what Violet, Sunny, and Klaus Baudelaire must’ve constantly felt like after their parents died. It really would have been easier if he could have just left this  over voicemail, he thought on a resigned sigh.
Not a lot of things tended to surprise Tony. After his stint in Afghanistan, he liked to think he became good at predicting how the world worked. Each lesson after that only added lines to his programming so he could better predict and handle the next Big Thing. Seeing Thor’s smiling face taking up the entire holoscreen was not one of those things. Especially some new and improved Thor who looked like he’d decided he wanted to take a role in the next
A tautness grows through the length of his body, like ramrod straight sticks being shoved under his skin and through his muscles to corral his spine. Tony’s breaths come out in short bursts that he thought he’d ironed out after his first little exploration into space. He lets out a bitter laugh. Or, at least, he thinks he does.
Tearing his eyes away from the suit, Tony heaved around an empty stomach, a small bit of drool escaping his mouth as he leaned over in his seat to aim for the floor.
Everything came to a startling halt the days his mom stopped coming home in the evenings, working herself into an oblivion that killed her, all because he ended up costing her more than her life.
Tony folded his hands together and rested his chin on them. Tilting his head, he gave them a mockery of a smile. “Well,” he drawled, “the thing is,
He couldn’t turn his nose up at such an offer; couldn’t afford to. Neither him nor Bucky. Not after Bucky had been honorably-discharged and given a small wad of gauze to patch up what was left of his bleeding stump and a prosthetic arm that was, at the end of the day, a fancy looking heap of junk. Not long after med bay had diagnosed Steve with a long list of “worrisome behaviors” – their words, not his – that pointed to things like PTSD and depression, his generals had deemed him unfit for service.
Maya waved a hand.  "Not many.  Seventeen people including myself.  Most of us are scientists, actually."
It had been the wrong thing to do.  Dad had screamed at him - and then some - about how Stark men didn't cry, and while Mom had told him to be quiet and let Tony mourn, it was too late.  Tony didn't shed another tear for Aero, and to this day he felt… guilty, almost, about it, like he'd done her wrong. But he didn't know how to fix it.  It was so long ago, and you were supposed to let sleeping dogs lie, right?
Steve snorts softly, but he follows along obediently.  Tony just doesn’t seem to give a damn about anything half the time, and maybe that’s part of what Steve likes so much about him.  “Okay,” he says.  “So… where are we going?”
"Yeah, I'm here," Tony said, holding one arm out.  It wasn't much of a hug, encased in metal as he was, but Pepper accepted it anyway.  "We tracked the transceivers here before they were destroyed.  What the hell is going on?"
"We're going to do this," Tony said above the sounds of Rhodey swearing and Pepper taking a shuddering breath.  "Charging again!"
He twitched involuntarily at the thought.  That wasn't really something he should be doing, for more than one reason.  The most important one was that this felt like he was intruding on Tony's privacy.  Sure, they may have switched bodies, but that didn't give Steve free reign to do whatever he wanted, right?  He didn't think he'd feel very comfortable if he knew Tony was ogling
and none of their communication devices worked down here.  He glanced down at his chest, idly tapping at the metal plate that he knew was there.  “You can hang on for seven days, can’t you?” he asked.
A minute passed, and then Steve drew back, his mouth closing.  “Thank God,” Tony breathed, relieved beyond belief as he let his hand drop.  Jesus.  Like he was actually ever going to go through with that!  “Alright.  Give me a moment—”
The days passed by slowly, each day as similar as the last, and Steve found himself grateful for the consistency and the chance to relax a little.  They'd rode their bikes, foraged for supplies when they needed them, and brought out their weapons when they had to.
- was speaking again, and Tony forced himself to pay attention.  What followed was surprisingly mundane - just a simple recounting of practice, breakfast and lunch with Ty, and classes.  Tony couldn't help but find it kind of sweet that Steve had tried to faithfully recount the events of the day for Tony's benefit, even when he cringed at how poorly practice had gone and how Steve had apparently turned down an invite to see
Dougie stepped right up into his face.  Curiously, Steve noticed that his arms weren't tensed, so a beating wasn't coming - not in the next five seconds, at least.  Steve doubted it was going to stay that way, but he wasn't going to play dirty and sucker punch him even though now was a good time.
With that, he pulls on Steve’s hand, leading them down the hallway.  “Mad?” Steve repeats.  “Because you missed dinner?”
He didn't have long to recover, though.  The fire was starting to spread, and Tony was still gunning down biters at the doorway.  Steve picked up their things again, pulled his shield out of Tem's body, and ran over to Tony.  "Ready to go?"
“Yes?”  Tony undoes the button of his fly and pulls the zipper down, and Steve groans as his erection finally has some room to breathe—God, when did he get so hard?  “Wow,” Tony says, and Steve blushes at the way he’s staring down at his crotch.  “Okay, I was just going to fuck you, but you’ve given me another idea.”
“I’ll take care of it if it does,” Rogers assured him.  He picked up one of Tony’s gauntlets, examining it.  “This can’t be that hard to use, can it?”
"Sweetheart," Steve interrupted, and that quieted Tony fast, his lips parting in shock.  "You don't have to ask me.  I'll do it for you."
Steve pulled back, frowning.  "You were putting weight on your ankle!" he reprimanded.  "Go lay down on the bed!"
And life slowly, agonizingly goes on.  Tony has nightmares every time he falls asleep.  He hallucinates Steve’s presence when he’s awake.  The words on his wrist burn and itch even though Extremis tells him that part of his body is no different from any other.
"Give me a second," Stark said, and Steve had to turn away again when he heard a terrible squelching sound.  "Steve.  Help me move these things."
Steve let out a soft laugh, surprising Tony.  But then he shook his head, and Tony relaxed.  "No," he said.  "Because that's an integral part of who you are.  And it's something I always have and always will admire about you."
That explained some of the things Luke had said earlier during the standoff, at least.  "So what kind of fella is this Burnside?" Steve asked.  "Stark and I are headed south.  Should we be steering clear?"
There was a pause here.  Tony heard a sigh and what was probably the sound of Steve drumming his fingers against the laptop.  Eventually, he went on: "Anyway, I guess if you're listening to this now, it's probably after we've switched back.  And you probably know that I'm - uh, you know. Because you've known since that last time we switched, didn't you? I sure didn't know back then.  I spent so long wondering what you were going on about with all the stuff you put on my papers and on my body. Do you remember? You wrote 'I know who you are', and I thought to myself, well, I'd sure hope that you did by now.  Then a couple of years later, they came out with comic books about me, and I realized what you really meant.
was alive, it didn’t even matter.  Because the Steve he’d come to know, even come to care for a little—he was dead.
Steve thought about Bucky, about his metal arm and his relationship with Natasha and how Steve would never know what truly happened to him because he was
By the time they made it back to the wildlife preserve, night had fallen, though the weather was still chilly enough that the sound of buzzing insects was almost entirely absent.  Or maybe something had happened to them when the infection had started—Steve wasn't sure, and he'd never asked.  From beside him, Jessica pushed forward, eyes searching the foliage.  "Luke?" she called.  "We're back."
Hours passed.  Lizards and insects skittered toward him, then away, as though they wanted nothing to do with him.  Tony wondered more than once if his suit would become his coffin.
And so they left, though not until after Jessica and Luke had shared a kiss that made Steve avert his eyes while Stark just raised an eyebrow and smirked.  Jessica led them through the trees and onto a road, keeping an eye out for any danger.  Fortunately, there was none—according to Jessica, a herd had passed by three weeks earlier, and any biters that had previously been around had more or less gotten swept up in it, though there would likely still be a few stragglers.  But they managed not to encounter any, and almost two hours later they were in front of a building labeled as the Lee School.  "This is it," Jessica said as she crouched behind a fence, peering out at it.  "Funny.  I don't see the guards on the roof."
