Steve grunts in frustration. ‘
, so if you want to follow this universe, you can subscribe to the series so you get the updates. I’ve also just posted another short, Steve-POV fic in this universe, but set in the future when Steve and Tony are about 10-11 yrs old:
to be, of course.’
When Tony’s thoroughly patted dry, Steve lifts her in her arms and carries her into the bedroom, setting her down on the bed. There’s a fluffy snow-white onesie folded on the bed; Steve shakes it out and smiles down at Tony. ‘Nice and cuddly,’ she says. ‘Can you stand up while I help you on with this?’
She slips a little out of it for a moment to check in. ‘What colour, sweetheart?’ she asks, soft-voiced, and Tony nestles her cheek trustingly against Steve’s collarbone.
‘Yes,’ Ms Potts says firmly. ‘I’m moving Tony to the other side of the room.’ Her eyes run over the kids on the other side, and she gives a little nod. ‘Jane, please can you pack up your things and switch desks with Tony?’
‘Sorry, sorry, m’sorry,’ he whispers, ‘sorry…’
this was a bad idea, this whole
It seems to take hours. Tony presses at his stomach with his hands to stave off the empty pangs, something his mother had taught him when he was a child. Food had often been short, deep in the cold winter, even for the Chieftain’s family.
Tony stops only when she’s safe in the workshop, door locked. She stands, shivering a little and trying not to sniffle like a stupid child, as the bots disarm her, gently peeling off the defensive plates piece by piece. When it’s all gone, every last bit, she slumps at the workbench and puts her head in her hands, rubbing savagely, yanking at her own hair.
‘’Kay,’ Natasha says easily, and hooks Darcy’s pinky before doing a sideways crab-walk back to her own desk to share the news about pinky-shakes with Clint.
But then Steve reaches out, very carefully, and squeezes his hand without saying anything. Tony squeezes back gratefully. Steve’s hand is hard and small and safe, and Tony doesn’t know why Steve keeps taking his hand but he likes it
There’s a tall lady in the middle of the classroom, surrounded by the kids and parents. ‘Okay, everyone find a desk,’ she’s calling. She’s got bright red hair and every inch of her skin is covered in freckles, and she looks kind of firm but Tony thinks he likes her anyway. There’s a girl standing right next to her, a few years older than Tony, with straight shiny strawberry hair, and Tony hears the tall lady say to the girl, ‘Off to your class now, Pepper. Have a nice day, sweetheart.’
‘When’s your birthday, Tony?’ Darcy asks, petting his hair as they sit on the floor surrounded by cardboard boxes and string.
to be closer, closer, needs to touch and taste and feel Steve everywhere, and she’s still crying but she turns her face into Steve’s neck and opens her mouth rather desperately, licking at the warm beating pulsepoint. Steve makes a little sharp surprised sound, and her hand seems to slip of its own accord into the gap beneath Tony’s T-shirt, warm skin on warm skin.
Except. Except, Steve is curling closer, and she’s – is she shivering a bit less? And then, just as Tony’s clenching down on her jaw to stop it from opening and doing words again, Steve says, huskily but calmer, ‘Tony. Can you – can you go on talking. Please. Need to – just need to hear.’ Steve trails off, and wow, that’s new, that’s just weird, Steve’s asking her to
‘I, I maybe didn’t know that. I,’ Tony says vaguely. She’s peeking over Rhodey’s shoulder to look at Steve, standing on her own at the side of the room.
‘ARE YOU DECENT?’ Clint yells.
‘It would be my honour,’ he says gallantly. ‘Who is your friend?’ He has a different way of talking, slow and clear, not at all like the other big kids.
'Bucky,
Tony meets her eyes, full of trust, and Steve smiles a little and holds her gaze as she touches her again; this time, a gentle stroke down the slope of each shoulder. She hesitates above Tony’s softly peaked breasts, and Tony bites her lip, arching her body a little, pleading for the touch. Steve strokes slowly down the outer side of each breast, then runs a gentle thumb along the hot soft spaces beneath them.
you feel like that, and – and you have
Steve nods, and shifts on his feet. ‘Do you want…’ he says, and makes a flapping sort of gesture with his arms; and Tony feels all lit up from the inside with happiness, because
When it’s finished, the shadows are growing long and cool, and Tony’s hands are red and sore from pulling and coaxing the skin, but he feels warm inside, satisfied with his work. He carves a small pattern into the solid packed earth of the cave floor; the grip makes the knife steady and sure in his hand. It’s a beautiful tool, now, something useful and strong that Tony has made better and more sure, and he hopes and hopes that it will be a worthy gift for Steve, who has given Tony so much.
‘Whatcha drawin’?’ Clint says quietly, close behind him, and Tony jumps. He didn’t realise Clint was there. Clint is leaning forward, right over his desk, to see what Tony’s doing, a curious look on his freckled face.
So, tl;dr: this is the end of this fic, but not the end of Tony’s story. I’ve made this a
‘No he isn’t.’ Darcy folds her arms around the birthday bear and glares right back. ‘You’re
It’s comfortably heavy in his arms. Tony looks around wide-eyed for a moment, but everyone’s smiling at him, even Steve, a little bit, and Steve gives him a little nod. So Tony pulls at the beautiful gold bow, and it comes apart easily, and then tugs at the pretty pink paper, and it falls off.
The picture for Darcy is
Steve makes a quiet little sound and rubs a nice slow warm circle into Tony’s back with his big hand. Tony melts into the skins.
in Steve's face and she's seeing properly again, her face quivering. 'Steve,' Tony says again, and now it sounds like
Rhodey shakes his head. ‘God, you’re an idiot, Tony,’ he hisses back. ‘
so much, feel every little quiver Steve makes beneath her, feel the soft-strong rise and fall of Steve's chest. Steve's hands are underneath her T-shirt again, gently caressing the dip at the small of Tony's back, and she wants
She should – she’d been so
(See the end of the chapter for
steal it,’ Tony cries. ‘It was – I was – borrowing!’
But then Steve makes a little huffing sound that’s almost like a laugh, and she says gently, ‘No, that’s. Yeah, we’re friends, of course we’re friends, Tony. Didn’t you –? I mean, if you
, everything working smoothly and exactly right. But now her back's kind of aching, and she's starving.
Steve just tells them to shut up again, and they listen to her because, well, she’s Steve and she uses
She settles on laughing awkwardly. ‘Uh, nah, really not that great at all, just ask – well, anyone.’ It’s supposed to be light and deflecting, but Tony realises after the words are out that her voice had been rather small, and bleak, and God, that’s just
. He wants to stay lying here with Steve, so he puts his hands on Steve’s massive chest and clings, nestling closer with a little sound.
They’re fighting a kind of army of self-replicating metal crabs, which someone thought was a good idea to unleash on Christmas Day. Steve’s on the comms, steady as ever, calling directions on their plan of attack. Somewhere, locked away inside, a part of Tony is aching and aching, but Iron Woman is in control, not Tony Stark.
‘Anything you need, honey?’ she asks gently. She knows, she always knows, but it has to be Tony who starts this, Tony who asks.
Mom works late on Thursdays, but she’s got an arrangement with Mr Karolidis in the next apartment, so Steve always goes there and spreads his homework on Mr Karolidis’s battered wood table and gets fed butter biscuits and pie with apricots. Mr Karolidis is old, very old, with thick, peppery grey-white hair and bushy eyebrows above bright brown eyes.
If you want to see Tony, Steve and all the others as Storks-movie-style babies (made with
‘Okay, okay, talking, right, I can do that, anything you need me to do, God, that’s weird, mostly everyone can’t wait till I shut up, but yeah, whatever, God, Steve, I’m sorry, I’ve got you, not going anywhere,’ she blurts out, and incredibly, the tension is slowly draining out of Steve’s body as Tony holds her.
talking, so Tony opens her mouth and talks.
I’m so sorry for the wait, everyone! Anyway, here it is, chapter 4.
And it should be irritating, it should be rubbing Tony right up the wrong way, all the fussing and bossing, except that it isn't, because it's so nice to have someone looking after her, just this once. And Steve smiles at her, and reaches out to brush her thumb over the dried tear tracks on Tony's cheekbone, very softly, before she leaves Tony in the bathroom.
She opens the door, and there it is, just a little white envelope, with ‘Tony’ written on the front in Steve’s flowing old-time handwriting; and Tony bites at her fist to hold back a little wounded sound.
Tony twists his fingers together and glances shyly up at Thor. He wants desperately to say thank you as well, but his mouth is too scared, it just sort of opens and closes without saying anything.
Tony drags herself out of the shower at last. When she investigates the pile of things Steve’s left, she finds that it’s Steve’s own clothes, freshly laundered and smelling clean and soapy: soft worn jeans and a blue shirt that swamps Tony’s smaller frame. There’s a little convenience bag, too, all discreet and new and packaged up and with everything she needs in it, and Tony feels her throat nonsensically closing up hot and tight, like she might cry again, because, just, how is Steve even a real person?
,’ and she can’t stop grinning up at Steve, but that’s okay because Steve’s smiling too, with her eyes all crinkled fondly at the edges in that way that makes Tony’s stomach flip and lurch happily.
She pulls her lips away for a second and whispers, 'Please,' coming back to the kiss a second later because she can't bear to stay away. 'Suit – please,
it’s the
, letting herself think that everything was lovely and good and might stay that way. Tony grits her teeth and squeezes her eyes shut to hold the tears back. It’s not Steve’s fault, of course, she can’t blame Steve. The letter will be kind, of course, very gentle, but it will say that Steve is so very sorry, she’s had time to think things through and she’s realised it could never work. It might say ‘It’s not you, it’s me,’ but Tony knows what that means really.
soft, and her eyes are very blue, beautiful blue, and she’s smiling and it feels like the sun. ‘Hi Tony,’ she says, and runs the pink tip of her tongue over soft, sweet lips, and Tony can’t look away from Steve’s lips and face and eyes.
Tony loves the bright red cupcake, even before he tastes it. Steve can tell because of the way his eyes go round and wondrous when Steve offers it to him. And Steve looks at Tony’s long pretty eyelashes and his big brown eyes and his pink mouth, and for some reason he thinks about Mr Karolidis’s granddaughter.
‘Yeah,’ Steve says, and he means it. Mr Karolidis is a pretty cool guy.
. And then Tony grabs the remote and flicks the TV on to whatever, so they end up watching some nature channel that also has dinosaurs, because no-one can be bothered to change it. Tony and Steve share the sesame chicken, because Tony wedges the container between their knees to save it from everyone else’s
‘These should – they need cleaning,’ Tony hesitates. ‘Can I…?’
Once he looks up, and catches Steve watching him with amusement, and that’s not good, no! Steve mustn’t laugh at him, and Steve mustn’t see what he’s making. Tony play-growls at him, and Steve chuckles; Tony flaps his hand at him, stay away.
Bill the Inventor by Garth Nix is a real book that I read as a kid. So is the book Ms Potts was reading to the class in the last chapter - The Balloon Tree by Phoebe Gilman. :)
Stevie,’ Bucky says, coming to stand by Steve’s shoulder. He’s looking, pointedly, at the big bite-mark high on Tony’s neck. ‘Feeling better now, are we?’
And Steve kisses her – kisses her! – sweetly, carefully, tenderly, not just a mistletoe kiss, a
stay here,’ Steve demands, aggressive, and Ms Potts’ eyes narrow.
She hesitates for a bare second by Steve's door, unsure if she should knock, but then JARVIS makes the decision for her, smoothly swinging the door open in front of her. And if Steve’s not able to come and open it herself… Tony's heart is pounding, high and frightened in her throat, as she pushes open the inner door to Steve's bedroom.
Tony’s stupid heart does a big
His hand is splayed warmly across Tony’s shoulder, and his thumb starts moving in slow soothing circles over Tony’s skin. ‘Shh,’ Steve says in a soft voice, and Tony is suddenly overcome by how
Everything is deliciously warm and hazy and content, after that. Steve brushes Tony’s hair away from his face and cradles him gently; he’s laughing softly, happily, and Tony smiles dreamily up at his face. ‘Steve,’ he murmurs, and Steve gives his cheek an affectionate lick, nudging Tony’s face with his nose. Tony nuzzles back.
Steve pulls away, and brings his hand up to Tony’s face, stroking it. ‘Pretty,’ he says, with another soft look, and then glances around around the room, considering. ‘Ah!’ he says, and gently turns Tony’s face towards the fire, where the sparks are leaping and showering in the dusky half-light. ‘Pretty,’ he repeats, seriously, and points to the fire.
When she calms, it’s floaty and warm again. She drifts and drifts, drowsing in and out of sleep, Steve’s arms holding her safely. At one point Steve is kissing her, very soft and slow, sucking Tony’s bottom lip between her own; Tony kisses back a little, but she’s so sleepy with it that Steve makes a little amused sound into her mouth.
for each other. Not that Tony’s matchmaking or anything.
In a minute Steve’s back in the workshop, good as her word, and Tony risks a glance up at her through her eyelashes. Steve’s got a small pile of clothes and things under her arm; and she slips her free arm around Tony. ‘Come on,’ she says, ‘up with you. Brought you some things to change into, figured it’d be easier if you didn’t have to fetch them yourself. You look kinda awful, don’t want you flaking out.’
, Steve is kind and his face is nice and he has a gentle voice that makes Tony feel safe. So Tony slowly lies back, letting his body go soft again, glancing shyly at Steve in invitation.
‘Of course, your father will be interstate, so you and I will just have our usual dinner, but this will be in the afternoon,’ Mom’s saying as she cuts her toast into dainty fingers, but Tony hardly hears.
Tony’s almost floating. Her words aren’t working properly, but she keeps looking at Steve and every time Steve catches her eye her face goes all soft and tender and she squeezes Tony’s hand, encased gently in her own, leading Tony along. It’s so lovely Tony doesn’t know what to do, and she feels like she should be saying something, but for once she can’t get anything out so she just settles on
and Dad never
, when Tony’s feeling really bad, then he climbs up on his steps and fetches Old-Bear down and hugs him, just for a little bit, really carefully so he doesn’t get hurt.)
’ He trails off with a quiver.
‘Do you want to go?’ Steve asks her, and Tony actually does, despite the delicious comfortable lethargy of being snuggled up in Steve’s warm hold.
I figured at least Tony and Steve could get some sweet kisses and cuddling for Valentine's Day. :)
chest, Tony thinks muzzily, and mumbles, 'Wha – wha's happ'n?'
Steve is unpacking his bag, putting his things on his desk. Tony stands there uncertainly, suddenly feeling a horrible churning feeling in his tummy again. What if – what if Steve doesn’t want him there? But then Steve’s mom looks up and sees him standing there, shifting his weight from foot to foot, and her expression goes soft and she smiles at him.
Tony’s so wobbly and wanting that it’s hard, but she tries and Steve helps and soon her arms and legs are in the soft white onesie. It has a long row of snaps all the way up the front, widely spaced, from the crotch to the neck. ‘I’ll button you up,’ Steve soothes, when Tony plucks at them with helpless fumbly fingers; and Steve kneels down in front of her with a smile.
Then Steve turns around and crouches next to Tony; and he feels Steve’s hand on his shoulder, gently shifting him. Steve stretches himself out alongside him, sliding a strong arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him in to fit against his chest.
‘It’s okay, sweetheart,’ Maggie says. She’s sitting on the ground too, not trying to rush him along, just unscrewing the cap from a water bottle. ‘Do you want a sip of water?’ She doesn’t try to push it into his hands, just sets it down on the ground where Tony can reach it.
Tony bites his lip and looks down at his feet. He doesn’t know what to say and his words are gone, even though Darcy’s Mamá – Maggie – is nice and friendly-looking and has a kind voice. He shrinks into Steve’s side, and then he feels Steve’s rough little hand grasping his own and squeezing reassuringly. It makes him feel a little bit better.
, especially if you press harder –
, but Tony doesn’t have a gold pencil. Steve does. Steve has a very very special set of pencils, metal colours, which he got for his birthday. Gold and silver and bronze and metal red and metal blue and green and purple and orange. Steve’s very proud of them, and keeps them in a special pencil case of their own. They’re
When he looks back up at Maggie, her eyes look sad for a moment, but then she smiles her smile with the pretty dimples and the sadness disappears. ‘The flowers are beautiful, sweetheart,’ she says. ‘Your mum will love them, I know.’ She puts her arm around his shoulders, and Tony sighs happily and leans into her side.
I felt like Tony’s misunderstanding was necessary to show that her insecurities are still a big part of how she functions sometimes. I hope it wasn’t too painful!
‘Good,’ he says, and then reaches out towards Tony’s chest, towards the wound. Tony freezes and squeaks, and Steve stops, his hands splaying and spreading in the gesture that all Two-Leggers have in common.
Then Darcy gets him to put his head in her lap so she can play with his hair, and Tony likes Darcy playing with his hair so he lies down and cuddles the beautiful bear and listens to the story; and slips his thumb into his mouth because no-one’s there to tell him not to do it.
‘I’m so – I’m so close,’ Steve tells her unsteadily. One hand is between her own legs now, moving faster, and she’s cupping Tony’s neck with the other, gently tugging at the soft fur of the garment until she can slide it off Tony’s shoulder, leaving it bare. Tony hums contentedly and pulls away from her breast, tipping her head to allow Steve better access to her neck. ‘Good girl – you’re so good for me,’ Steve mumbles, ‘such a darling baby girl, all mine, so beautiful and perfect and sweet, letting me touch,’ and her mouth is latching and sucking at the juncture of Tony’s neck, and Tony floats in warm waves of euphoria, loving that she can make Steve lose her head like this, beautiful, calm, perfect Steve.
'Have a shower,' Steve says. 'I'll wait for you, hey? Get you downstairs, have something to eat. I've made cookies, the cinnamon ones you like. Then you can go to bed.'
what stupid bloody Steve thinks, with her big soft blue eyes and her mouth and her
‘Tony sandwich,’ she says, pressing closer. ‘See! Steve n’me are bread, an’ you’re licky licky peanut butter!’
Clint’s Daddy is here too, and Tony finds out that he’s called Phil and he has a kind, quiet voice like faraway traffic on a road. Then, halfway through eating, Sarah arrives wearing the prettiest blue dress like a floaty butterfly, and a carrying a big hamper which Steve runs to help her with. ‘Sorry I’m late, everyone,’ she says, smiling, ‘I had to finish my shift at the hospital.’
Tony dabs at Steve’s temple with a wad of sodden cotton wool, very gently, certainly much more gently than she’s ever been with herself. She carefully dampens the dried blood in Steve’s hair, cleaning it away; wipes at the red smears around the edges, strokes Steve’s hair softly away from her forehead so that it doesn’t catch in the wound. She can just smell Steve’s own warm sweet scent under the bitey aroma of antiseptic and the slight tang of blood. Steve always smells so good.
, she’s in a hell of a mess now.
‘No!’ Tony says very quickly, peeking out through a gap in his arms. ‘N-no, Steve! He didn’t! Y-you’ll get in
Tony's out of bed before JARVIS has finished speaking, grabbing a blanket on impulse from the end of the bed and stumbling towards the door. JARVIS turns the passage lights on so she can see where she's going, but it seems impossibly far to Steve's rooms. God, what if Steve's... JARVIS said she'd hurt her head, but how badly? Is she concussed?
Also,
Tony nuzzles against her neck, too floaty and happy and sleepy to answer. She’s drifting on waves of warmth, and Steve is solid and close and warm and wrapped around her. ‘Sleep now, sweetheart,’ she hears, as though it’s coming from a great distance, and so she does.
day, and Dad had been grinning and he’d shown Tony how to hold his arms so that he could catch the soft ball that they were playing with.
'Sir,' JARVIS says (well, she couldn't have her AI calling her
‘I believe, however, that the Captain is concerned about both your physical and
‘Yes!’ Tony says. ‘I mean, yeah, I, that’d be great, I want to, if you. I mean.
‘Eat your lunch,’ Steve says shortly, and Tony looks down at his lap, surprised.
Tony doesn’t know quite what to do. She’s blushing, hot, all over her face and down her neck, beneath Steve’s hand, trying to grasp for something, anything to say in response to Steve’s astonishing speech – but. It’s just – God. What is she supposed to – to
‘Friends,’ Tony whispers. There’s a lovely warm, warm feeling spreading out from the middle of his chest, and he looks up and grins shyly at Darcy. She beams back, giving his pinky a friendly little wriggle and pushing her glasses back up her nose.
, Tony doesn’t care, she really, really doesn’t.
There’s a long pause, and Tony’s face gets hotter and hotter and Clint doesn’t say anything and oh, no, Clint doesn’t want to be friends with him at
’s adorable, ADORABLE comic-style rendition of this story
She doesn’t do it up straight away, though. Tony makes a gasping noise, the breath punched out of her, when Steve leans forward and presses a warm moist kiss to the delicate sensitive spot between Tony’s legs, right in the middle. Her fingers dip in between Tony’s folds, coming out with a thin trail of slick attached. ‘Such a sweet little wet thing,’ she says softly, and then leans in again to lick gently across that most sensitive spot.
‘How about something to keep your hands busy, honey?’ she soothes, taking pity. She takes Tony’s wrist in her fingers, guiding Tony’s hand to Steve’s mouth, and nudges with her lips until Tony’s fingers curl open, pressing a kiss to the palm and then sliding her tongue along the delicate crease at the base of Tony’s fingers. Steve licks in warm and wet between them, tasting the faint salt of Tony’s skin and feeling Tony’s pulse jump wildly.
He can feel the strong rise and fall of Steve’s breath, the life beating steadily in Steve’s chest. Then Steve’s arms tighten around him and Steve nuzzles Tony’s hair.
it and he buries his face in the soft fur and wraps his arms around it and hugs it and hugs it and hugs it. ‘
Tony’s eyes go very round, because, a present? He hadn’t thought he would get a present, not as
to touch, and this time when her hand trembles downwards, Steve lets her, kisses her hair and ear and temple. ‘It’s okay, sweet thing, go ahead,’ she says, and she sounds breathless too, still moving gently, perfectly inside her; and finally,
He doesn’t know why his face is so hot, or why he feels so ashamed and worried; it’s too dumb and too confusing and he doesn’t want to think about it. So he hunches down over his milk and glares at it and swirls the glass around so that the milk makes a funnel and spills onto the scratched wood.
And then she looks up and there’s Steve, looking at her, and Steve’s face is covered by the mask but her mouth is soft and her eyes are blue and intense behind the eye-slits, and Tony, who’s managed to almost forget the letter in the clean bright focus of battle, reels as remembrance comes sweeping back in a messy tangle of emotion.
did some beautiful, beautiful art for the kiss which you can find
Tony suddenly thinks how
, hurts even more, hearing it spoken in the voice that you, you care about, it
well, but he likes him okay. Clint’s Tasha’s friend, and he’s pretty quiet mostly. He doesn’t always hear stuff. Once he got scared and started crying quietly and hid in a cupboard, and Ms Potts had to call Clint’s Daddy to come and fetch him. Clint’s Daddy dressed a bit like Dad, neat and buttoned into a shirt, but his face was different, tired and gentle.
Steve takes a deep breath. Tony watches tearily as he pulls his hands out of his pockets and sits down on the bench, on Tony’s other side. There’s a moment where nothing happens, and then Tony lets out a hitching breath of surprise, because Steve is patting his shoulder with awkward gentle little pats.
that she’s starting to associate with Steve.
,' Tony says, and she's not thinking, she just drops down on her knees next to Steve on the floor because God,
‘Steve’s staring,’ Darcy tells him after a bit. She sounds pleased. Tony has to see, so he peeks over Darcy’s shoulder, wiping his nose on his sleeve.
That night, Tony sits nestled between Steve’s thighs, Steve’s chest warm and massive at his back. Steve has cooked meat over the fire, roasted in the flames, and he’s feeding the softest pieces to Tony with his fingers. Tony snaps softly at his hand with little pretending growls, because it makes Steve chuckle.
Steve makes a spot for Tony and him on the edge of the blanket, and Tony sits down and crosses his legs, looking around wide-eyed. He's never been on a picnic party before, so he doesn't quite know what to do, but after a bit it doesn't seem like there's many rules at all. Everyone just starts eating, and there's not much in the way of plates and forks but no one seems to care.
Rhodey squeezes her arm and then gives her a little push. ‘Go on,’ he says softly. ‘Go talk to her. Say Merry Christmas. Go!’
Tony takes a deep breath, while Clint jumps like a startled mouse. Bucky jolts too, although less noticeably. Clint’s face is pinking up, and he’s scowling at Natasha while Bucky crosses his arms, metal and flesh, tightly across his chest, totally expressionless.
Then Steve’s hands come up slowly to rest on her bared shoulders, and she says in that quiet, quiet voice, ‘Is this okay?’ And Tony nods, jerkily; and Steve strokes her, palms caressing in gentle circles over the curves of her shoulders, thumbs tracing the edge of her top. Tony’s breath goes uneven, shaky, at the feel of it, at the way Steve’s eyes catch and hold her own.
‘What – no,’ she whispers, half to JARVIS, half to herself. ‘Not – already, no, really?’ She feels sick, because she – she might have known, know it couldn’t last, not even twenty-four hours, of course it couldn’t. What had she been thinking –
She shouldn’t – she shouldn’t be having thoughts like that, about
‘Ah,’ says Mr Karolidis, but he doesn’t seem to be talking about the milk. He’s still leaning against the countertop, and his face looks very kind all of a sudden, when Steve sneaks an anxious little glance. He doesn’t say anything for a moment after that, but then he flicks the tea towel off his shoulder and folds it with a flourish. ‘Well, cupcakes! Let’s see then,’ and he goes to the pantry to find some ingredients.
Clint makes the microwave explode because he didn’t notice the tinsel inside. His eyebrows get singed and when Tony can’t stop laughing he swears and rants and threatens to get into the workshop and smash those damn stupid bots.
And then – oh God, and then Steve’s, Steve’s tipping her chin with fingers so gentle that Tony wants to cry, and she can’t – she can’t
‘Tony,’ Darcy says happily, skipping as they move towards the swings. ‘He’s sitting next to me this week ‘cause Steve yelled at him.’ To Tony she says, ‘Thor comes from
, Tony thinks) and brings both of his hands to rest warmly on Tony’s back, holding him steady as he gently explores Steve’s chest with his fingers.
After a bit Steve says awkwardly, ‘My mom – says you hafta
, Tony realises, Steve’s being respectful, and God, she needs to stop feeling like bursting into tears at every little thing that makes Steve wonderful.
), they're
Pepper Potts is in the year above, and she’s tall and beautiful and has shiny strawberry blonde hair and freckles. She’s
She pretends to lick Tony, and he squeaks and giggles and twists away. ‘No!’
, suddenly, just – just everything.
‘Right away, Sir,’ JARVIS says soothingly, and then, after a moment, ‘Cerebral scan clear for Captain Rogers. Surface laceration at temple, stitching not estimated to be required. Deep tissue bruising and lacerations to right hand; Captain Rogers’ accelerated healing is in progress. Bruising to left shoulder and back, extensive but already healing. Sleepiness due to simple exhaustion.’
, that’s who the cupcake is for, and Tony is – Tony is
– but he’s going a-away, for, for
And Tony shouldn't, she shouldn't just stay around in Steve's room, in Steve's
Natasha’s sitting on her desk with her feet swinging, grinning. Clint has his head cocked to one side, and he’s tearing some purple paper into heaps of little bits. Jane’s there, too, showing Steve her pink woven friendship bracelet. Steve’s looking interestedly at the bracelet, but he looks up when Darcy and Tony arrive, and his face softens a bit.
Because the Stranger is different from any Two-Legger that Tony has seen before. He’s so very tall, and he has a broad, broad chest and great muscled arms, and his hair is an odd bright yellow colour like honey. He has a fire, good and strong and red, built close by a little hollowed cave in the craggy rock face, a fresh-killed deer lying nearby. A haunch is cooking, propped neatly on three sticks, sizzling and dripping fresh juices into the embers, the savoury smell wafting through the crisp cold air and reaching Tony’s hiding place.
‘You’re asleep at the switch, Barton. Get the hell to bed.’
‘Not sore!’ Tony tells him quickly, and smiles shyly up at Steve. Steve crinkles his eyes, and then his hands are smoothing up Tony’s arms, slow and sure, moving up to his forearms and cupping them, stroking back and forth.
,’ she says, her voice cracking, and she tries to thrust up against Steve’s hand again, though the angle is wrong and Steve knows she won’t find any relief that way.
Darcy’s other mother is called Alex, and she has soft eyes that make you feel safe. She doesn’t fuss over Tony, or make him feel stupid, just sits on the ground as well and starts picking daisies and showing them all how to make flower crowns. It’s
to get that desk, it’s the only one he wants.
Tony’s got lots of racing cars and aeroplanes and building sets and things, at home, but not very many bears. He just has two. There’s a big special fancy one that’s made out of pure white mohair and cost a lot of money. Everyone says he must make sure he doesn’t get it dirty, so it usually stays in a box at the top of the cupboard.
Tasha.’
‘This way.’ The lady, Steve’s mom, points towards a corridor. They start making their way through the crown towards it, and Tony quickly follows them, trying to stick close behind so his doesn’t lose sight of them. Their sunshine hair is bright in the crowd, easy to keep sight of.
‘Am not. Caveman. An’ no.’
, so hard it’s almost painful, but a beautiful bright pain that Tony wants to press into and into and into. Steve is shifting, her body going taut; and then she’s coming, gasping against the wet bruise she’s sucked into Tony’s skin. Tony runs her hands over her skin wherever she can reach, making small humming noises of content and nestling close.
Tony nods shakily. Steve leans forward and kisses the sweet warm flush of her cheek, lingering there for a moment as she cups Tony’s breasts. She takes a moment to enjoy the supple weight of them, and then catches Tony’s trembling lip again, giving her nipples a sudden tantalising tweak at the same instant. She loves doing this, touching Tony’s body as she kisses her and feeling each caress quivering back against her lips.
– what is he doing? Is he going to hit Tony? Tony braces himself, just in case, for a blow.
‘Steve’s the best at drawing,’ he whispers, glancing up quickly to meet Maggie’s eyes.
, because everything
‘Bye Mom,’ the girl says. She passes Tony on her way to the door, and he sees that she’s got freckles all over too, but they’re paler than her mom’s.
, and Steve’s hand is so warm and soft and encloses Tony’s fingers so nicely.
of them to be
‘At least I’m
like that. Steve’s eyes are big and bright, watching Tony’s face, and he touches them both and everything is warmth and Steve’s touch and the wonderful way it feels as Tony writhes into Steve’s hands.
‘Oh!’ Tony says excitedly. This is the
Steve’s expression goes soft and melting around the edges, smiling a bit except that it looks sort of sad as well. ‘Only good feelings,’ she promises. ‘Only ever good feelings, darling girl.’ She smooths Tony’s ruffled hair back from her forehead, and Tony loves her so, so much, she
who’s my friends. An’ – an’ everyone’s got their own rooms but they all live t’gether, and watch movies an’ eat cakes ‘n’ hot dogs ‘n’ stuff. An’ it’s got a whole room full of Legos!’
‘Poking bottoms is rude,’ Jane says seriously, nodding. She and Darcy have come up with their arms linked together.
, who could do so very much better than Tony.
‘That
Tony watches him warily, fingers twisting nervously in the soft fur of the skins. But Steve stays still, hands staying where Tony can see them, his eyes fixed on Tony’s face, clear and earnest. Only when Tony untenses a little does Steve lower his hands.
on my tumblr!
’ Tony says after a moment. He sounds astonished. ‘Better than
Natasha comes and sits on Tony's desk when Ms Potts isn't looking, because Ms Potts would tell her that bottoms were for chairs, not for desks. She swings her legs and grins at Tony and shows him her new dragon pencil case and the place where she lost a tooth yesterday. 'Steve's really cross with Justin Hammer,' she tells him. 'Steve says he's gonna
He’d thought – he’d
’ he says joyfully, ‘yes, please Mom, I wanna go. Want to go,’ he corrects quickly, because Mom and Dad like him to speak clearly.
, Tony realises. Steve has medicine that will make his hurt chest better, and Steve is
When Tony drags her eyes up,
Mom looks surprised. ‘Oh – yours, of course, Anthony. Did you remember it was coming up soon?’
Tony, I’m so – sorry,’ and Tony strokes a hesitant hand up and down the long graceful line of Steve’s back, her throat going all tight and painful and aching.
person who would know what to say, how to comfort. But she’s not, she’s just Tony, but she has to say something. ‘Yeah,’ she mumbles, ‘yeah, I have – I have them too. Dreams. Bad ones. I – I think I’m back in Afghanistan, and – and there’s water, and they – they do things and I can’t stop it, can’t stop any of it, and I know it’s all my fault,’ and she snaps her mouth closed because what the hell is she thinking, Steve’s just had her own nightmare, the last thing that she wants is to hear Tony’s.
‘Let’s get you into that bath, sweetheart,’ Steve finally says, smoothing a damp curl away from Tony’s forehead and smiling softly down at her. Tony draws in a long shaking breath and nods, curling artlessly into Steve’s body to be picked up. Steve lifts her easily, setting her on her feet; Tony is wobbly, but Steve steadies her.
Tony wakes, or half-wakes at least, to strong arms shifting her, hooking carefully under her knees and scooping her up to carry her against the soft pillow of someone's chest. Steve –
again, and Tony sags in relief.
Natasha Romanoff is the girl who sits behind him. Her best friend is called Clint Barton and he sits next to her. She likes guns and he likes bows and arrows, and Tony’s a little afraid of both of them but he tries not to show it. Sometimes Natasha pokes Tony’s bottom with her ruler, when the teacher’s not watching, which is rude.
‘Oh, she is, is she,’ Tony says, desperately. ‘And – and it has to, has to be
‘Like this,’ Darcy makes her pinky finger into a crook and reaches out for Tony’s hand, hooking his own pinky with hers. ‘See? Han’shake. You can only do it with friends.’
unsteady, but he goes slowly, carefully, and manages well enough. Split wooden sticks, to hold the blunt end of the flint; and then three long strips of skin, threaded across and over each other to make a stronger braided strap. Tony fastens the strap tightly around the wooden sticks and the base of the flint, winding it around and through itself so it makes a solid padded grip.
But then Steve’s hand is sliding back over Tony’s curls until it’s cupping the back of Tony’s neck. Tony goes very still. Steve’s injured hand turns over in Tony’s, Steve’s fingers coaxing at Tony’s own until they’re twined gently together. Tony is – she’s trembling, why, why is she trembling.
Tony wriggles her toes in the water, squirming a little, and Steve kisses her cheek. ‘That’s right, darling,’ she murmurs. ‘Let’s get you nice and clean,’ and Tony sighs with soft content and rests her head against Steve’s shoulder.
, you shovel-talked Steve! Oh my God, so embarrassing, why do I keep you around, why are my friends like this, oh my God,’ and Rhodey rolls his eyes and places his hand lightly over her mouth.
Steve puts the other engine-toilet-roll in place. ‘On my birthday mom made cake n’left a birthday letter with pictures,’ he says, frowning in concentration as he positions it just right. ‘She couldn’t be there until late cause she hasta work heaps. But it ain’t her fault!’ he adds fiercely, glaring briefly up at them. ‘She just hasta.’
But Darcy’s bear is soft and cuddly and meant to be played with, just like Darcy’s doing now while Ms Potts reads them a story about a princess and a tree that grows balloons. Darcy strokes all the soft fur one way, and then smooths it all back. She straightens the bright pink bow around its neck. Then she holds the bear by its arms and makes it walk along the ground to Tony.
of pink iced cupcakes that she helped make with her Mamá, one for everyone in the class. And she has a new bear, a wonderful pink and purple fluffy bear with floppy arms.
‘Sir, I believe you may be mistaken as to the nature…’ JARVIS is saying, urgently, but Tony isn’t listening.
In front of
‘Rhodey Rhodey
Tony’s lying curled into Steve’s side, her face buried in Steve's t-shirt. She's restless, a little twitchy, the way she gets sometimes when she needs this. Steve strokes her short curls.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
’ he breathes, offering her his pinky.
The boy who sits in front of Tony is called Justin Hammer and Tony doesn’t like him even a little bit. He says Tony’s robot pictures are dumb and that he can draw way better robots any day. And he says Tony’s curly hair is girly and once he tried to take one of Tony’s pictures and pretend it was his. Tony had got the picture back, because he turned it over and his name was on it. Justin had let Tony snatch it back so he wouldn’t get into trouble, but he glared at him and said ‘You stink.’ Tony hates him.
Tony huddles on the play bench and wraps his arms around himself, feeling sick and horrible and scared. Steve and Darcy are
, and he has friends, and he’s having a party after school, and everything is wonderful.
The first bite is so good that it makes Tony hum with happiness. The pocket is all folded up around bits of chicken and ham and lettuce and barbeque sauce, and lots and lots of melted cheese, and it isn’t anything like what Tony eats at home but it's full of delicious flavour. 'S'good!' he tells Maggie worshipfully, and then remembers that his mouth is full and blushes deeply, covering it with his hand.
And then he remembers, the fire! The
anything to Steve, anything weird or creepy or – or. Shit.
‘Okay,’ Steve says reluctantly, and sits down again. Tony snuffles, woebegone, and shifts a little bit closer to Steve on his chair. He doesn’t want Steve to go away, really, and Steve’s hand had felt good on his back. He wants Steve to put it back there, and, and
When Mom finishes the book, she sets it lightly on Tony’s bedside table, but sits there for a moment, holding his hand. Tony’s eyes are heavy and trying to close, but he struggles to keep them open a little bit longer, because Mom’s right there with him and he doesn’t want to miss it. ‘Thank,’ he says drowsily, and Mom laughs a little bit, a sweet quiet laugh. She leans to tuck him in, the CatBearPuppy cuddled in by his side.
It’s a tiny kid, even smaller than he is, skinny and scrawny and with knobbly elbows and knees. There’s a lady with him, a lady who looks nice, sort of gentle and warm and smiling. She’s not holding the boy’s hand, but her hand is resting lightly on his shoulder so they don’t get separated. Tony’s tummy twists with an odd longing feeling.
, what kind of – of horrible insensitive person is Tony to be even thinking about anything like that?
The bell rings. Sarah kisses Steve goodbye, because she has to go, and Steve hoists his own bag onto his shoulders as well as Tony’s. ‘No,’ he says sternly, when Tony tries to take it back, and starts marching off towards the class, Tony scampering to catch up and walk alongside him.
‘Love you too, baby girl,’ she says, a little hoarse.
and then
Steve plays ball. Steve plays ball hard and fast and he headbutts people and pretends they’re
He offers the plane back, after he’s finished his cake, but Phil says no, it’s for him to keep. Tony has other planes at home, of course, big ones with lots of parts, but this one is a
stupid Pepper Potts, and there’s a dazed look on his face, and he’s forgotten his lunch. It’s lying in his lap, unopened.
‘Not going anywhere,’ Steve says stubbornly, and she kisses Tony’s forehead. And Tony needs – she
Ms Potts tells them to get out their Drawing books. Tony stares down at the page until it goes blurry, and then there’s a little splash and a wet blotch right on top of a picture he’d started of his Dad. Then there’s another, and another, and he can’t stop them because he’s never going to sit next to Steve again, now Steve’s got Jane next to him and Jane’s really, really pretty, Steve won’t ever want Tony back there because he’ll have Jane there and Jane won’t take his pencils without asking.
, Tasha jumps on top of both of them, giggling, and says ‘Huggy pile!’ and squishes them both; Steve growls at her a little bit, in the bottom of his throat, but Tony hugs him tight so he can’t start fighting, and Steve seems to be okay with that.
(Steve doesn’t hate Pepper Potts quite so much any more. Tony seems to have forgotten about Pepper, and Tony is Steve’s
And –
Tony looks up at her trustfully. ‘Yeah,’ she whispers.
My little one in bed without any sorrows.’
, and Steve smiles at her and seems to understand anyway.
Steve makes a small surprised sound, which turns into a quiet rumble in his chest. Tony can feel it all the way through him, and then Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s smaller body and it feels like he’s surrounded by Steve’s warmth and scent on all sides.
, because, God, she is
and he can’t stop
‘I like flowers,’ he confides. ‘Did you know that Steve likes flowers too? Does Darcy like flowers? Does Darcy pick flowers for you?’
picture for Darcy,’ Tony tells him proudly, unpacking his coloured pencils from his case. ‘Gonna have
‘Why is everyone
So, I’m a little torn. This is definitely not the end of Tony’s story – I have a whole plan involving Peggy and Howard and Tony’s parents becoming a little more aware of the fact that they have an actual, sensitive, baby child who needs, y’know, love and affection – but I kind of feel like it should be its own fic. It will pick up where this one leaves off, just after the birthday, and still mostly be told from Tony’s point of view, but every so often there will be an adult perspective scene where Tony’s not present. Also, the birthday party feels like a good breaking point, and it’s a nice twelve-thousand-ish word count.
Darcy is nodding knowingly. ‘Steve’s best at drawing and fighting, Tony’s smartest and huggiest,’ she tells her Mamá. ‘I’m best at being friends.’
Steve’s quiet laughter vibrates against Tony’s back, and Tony leans back and turns his head so he can grin brightly up at him. ‘
Everyone stops what they’re doing and turns round to look. Ms Potts comes marching over. ‘Steve,’ she says sternly, ‘Is that true?’ She puts her hand on Tony’s shoulder, and he’s so ashamed of being a stupid crybaby, but it feels kind of good, warm and comforting.
Tony’s heart plummets. Shit, way to go, Stark, make everything awkward because you’ve got a crush,
Tony moans softly and crawls under the pillow. Steve’s pillow. Steve's pillow, which smells like Steve. God.
Then he seems to have an idea, his face lighting up, and he stretches out his hand towards Tony. Tony’s not sure what it means, but then Steve points to an area on his palm. Tony shifts a little bit, to see.
UM. So. I'm aware that it's been fully three years, and probably no-one is really following this story anymore because I've been so inactive, but I recently got back into writing fic for another fandom and was going through my old WIPS and found that I already had 2000 words of this chapter written. It seemed a waste not to finish and post it, so I did.
, the next chapter will actually include Tony's birthday this time...
And she’s actually – she’s
, they’re
Tony knows she’s flushing, too, intensely aware of Steve next to her; and then Steve shifts and squeezes Tony’s shoulder very briefly, and then stands up, and Tony thinks it’s a bit like she fills the room with goldenness, drawing everyone’s gaze. God, why is she having thoughts like that?
that note?’
,’ Steve says belligerently to Tasha, and he flops quickly on top of Tony’s back, squeezing his arms round him before Tasha can get there. Tony squirms in delight and twists round so he can hug Steve back, cuddling into Steve’s bony shoulder.
‘See?’ she murmurs, opening her hand to show what’s in it. It’s a small green stone with a silky cord attached, and Tony brings up curious fingers to touch it. ‘It’s a jade egg, sweet thing,’ Steve says, stroking her tummy. ‘It goes down here,’ she wriggles her fingers downwards, and Tony jerks involuntarily – ‘right inside you. Would you like that?’
A warm, chubby little arm slips around him and cuddles. ‘You can cry if you want,’ Darcy informs him, patting him softly. ‘I don’t mind. An' your hair is nice. Can I play with it?’
Dad was always busy and might not be able to come but he’d – he’d hoped a little bit, anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s head snaps up and she tries ineffectually to wipe the grease off her face, blurting, ‘holy shit, Steve,’ and then, ‘God, I’m a mess, sorry about this, just, I get covered in, covered in this stuff.’
she’s going to tell Steve that, though, so she just says, lightly (too lightly), ‘Yeah.’
But Tony puts his head down and presses it into Steve’s side, crying with big choking sobs pressed into Steve’s shirt. Steve looks down at him worriedly, because he doesn’t know quite what to do to comfort him. He reaches out weakly to touch Tony’s silky curls, stroking them with a wobbly hand, and that seems to help, because Tony’s sobbing calms and he presses his head into Steve’s hand.
And Maggie
Right. Right, first aid, that’s all good, Tony can do that at least. She darts over to the bathroom, already pulling out the first aid kit as Steve tells her where to find it. Steve’s feeling at her broken temple with her uninjured hand when Tony comes back, and Tony pushes her hand away. ‘No, hey, don’t, don’t touch it, come on, that’s the sort of thing
someone why y’sad. So you feel better. Y’know.’
Then he walks very slowly back to his old desk.
‘Something my Ma used to sing to me,’ Steve says. ‘It’s an old Irish lullaby. I – well. It reminded me of you.’ She’s blushing a little, Tony notices, that soft pink Steve-flush that creeps across her face and down her neck.
and – and maybe, maybe a picnic like Darcy had, and games and cookies and
Mr Karolidis is telling him about his granddaughter Natalia, who goes to the uni and is learning how to be a doctor. Steve’s heard bits about her before, bits about all of Mr Karolidis’s family, but this time, it’s all about Natalia. Natalia is a good girl, he says enthusiastically, a good girl who works hard! He’s proud of her.
'Hm,' Ms Potts says. She purses her lips and looks back and forth between them. Tony holds his breath.
‘Sst. Tony. Are you crying?’ It’s the Darcy girl. At least she’s talking quietly. Tony turns his face away, rubbing fiercely at his eyes, because he doesn’t care, he doesn’t!
And then Steve meets her eyes across the table, still laughing, and it hits Tony like a bolt of electricity or something, straight into the core of her, because
Steve says, ‘Can I,’ and reaches out to curl her arm around Tony, tugging her in to fit in the crook of Steve’s shoulder. Tony snuggles slightly, and she sort of feels like a kitten or something, with Steve being all touchy-feely like this, but she’s too warm and comfortable to complain.
‘Yes, Steve,’ she whispers, ‘all yours, just for you, only for you,’ and Steve makes a wild sound against her skin and sucks
Everyone gets distracted with bickering over Indian or Chinese, and Steve's in the middle of it, all laughing and warm and goofy and holding the Chinese menu out of Clint's reach while Bucky jostles her for it, and Tony knows she's staring at Steve with a dopey lovestruck look on her face but she can't seem to stop. Steve's wearing a completely ordinary blue t-shirt, but it clings and swoops breathtakingly over the perfect curve of her breast and makes something go hot and shivery deep down low in Tony's stomach. Tony takes a deep breath to pull herself together.
, and the kiss turns into Tony burrowing into Steve’s chest, resting her face in the delicious soft spot in the centre, breathing in Steve’s warm scent and trying very hard not to hyperventilate.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Just – just leave me alone, o-okay?’ Tony says, and the modulator isn’t enough to disguise the shake in her voice. Steve makes a sharp sort of sound and steps quickly forward; Tony recoils.
She skims her thumbs lightly across the nubs of Tony’s breasts; Tony’s mouth goes soft and parted with pleasure, and Steve leans forward and gently catches Tony’s bottom lip between her own, stroking her nipples again through the soft cotton as she does. Tony whimpers, this time, her breaths going shaky, but she manages to keep her arms up as she was told.
, leans on Steve and smells her nice smell. Steve is great, Steve is really great, and hey, wouldn’t it be nice to just curl up into Steve and soak in it, soak in how warm and nice and soft and strong Steve is.
It’s nearly time to go home, and everyone comes and gives Tony hugs and hugs and
He tumbles out of bed and scampers over to the window to look at the sky. It’s bright and beautiful and blue and it’s his
Tony comes gradually awake to bright mid-morning sun shafting through the curtains, feeling stiff and sore and achy, but surprisingly well-rested. She whimpers in her throat as the sunlight hits her eyes, burrowing down under layers of dark blue cotton and striped covers.
Tony opens her mouth, closes it again, repeats, because everything that crosses her mind to say seems worse than the last. She wishes
Steve’s grinning as Natasha scowls at her, moving out of reach and dropping down onto the sofa seat next to Tony with the prize. ‘My lady,’ she says, all laughing eyes and chivalry, offering the box to Tony with a flourish. And Tony can’t stop smiling even though it’s just silly, really, and Bucky and Clint are groaning quietly and rolling their eyes at each other on the other sofa, muttering ‘Aaand again,’ and ‘
Steve’s arm goes tighter around his back, and then Steve wraps both arms around Tony and tells Darcy sternly, ‘No licking Tony.’
that inspired this story!
‘Okay,’ he says in a soft voice.
her changing her mind.
Justin Hammer is leaning over the back of his chair, gleeful. ‘Tony’s
nice, Tony thinks, the best thing ever. Steve’s chin is hooked over Tony’s head, her cheek rubbing softly back and forth in Tony’s hair, her hands on Tony’s back, snuggling her close. It feels really weirdly
, what’s wrong with her, what the hell is even
,’ Steve says, his voice exasperated, and he moves around so he’s slotted a little behind Tony’s back, his strong warm arm bracing him. He guides the bowl to Tony’s mouth, tipping it so that warm broth touches Tony’s lips, and Tony slurps at it greedily, draining the liquid from the chunks of meat floating in it. It’s so
‘I mean it,’ Steve says earnestly. ‘You really are, Tony. This – and everything else. Sharing your home with us. All the things you make for everyone, without anyone even asking sometimes. And you – don’t get thanked for
‘Pretty,’ he says softly, questioning. Tony is pretty, the fire is pretty, the sky is pretty…
. ‘Sorry,’ he says gruffly, after a moment.
Steve's crying calms, after a bit. Tony goes on holding her until Steve moves, straightening up a little. But then Steve's arms come around Tony, and she’s holding on, now, warm hands clutching at Tony’s back, her forehead coming to rest on Tony’s shoulder. Tony turns her head against Steve’s, listening to Steve’s heavy uneven painful breaths, and it
She feels Steve shaking in silent laughter, next to her; and then Steve bends down to Tony’s ear. ‘Kissy kissy,’ she whispers, because Steve’s a total dork; and Tony can’t help shivering at the feeling of Steve’s warm breath on the shell of her ear.
And, shit, now her face feels warm. God, she's blushing, why is she so stupid, she
‘Please, please, please,’ Tony begs. Steve laughs softly when she does that, and holds her close, rubbing Tony’s tummy soothingly.
Tony quietens as Steve turns back to her, watching, still and trustful, as Steve sets her hands on Tony’s sides, avoiding her breasts. She palms the skin there, enjoying the silky, warm feel of it, the soft layer of cuddliness that covers Tony’s small strong body. Tony makes a small contented sound of happiness at the touch, looking sweetly up into Steve’s face; and Steve crinkles her eyes at her and leans forward to touch their noses together for a moment, a bunny kiss.
Shit, that’s not – her kissing Steve isn’t platonic, not at all, even if it’s just Steve’s face, Tony realises belatedly; there’s a second of bright panic, but then Steve makes a soft sound, almost content, resting her forehead against Tony’s cheek. Steve must have not noticed, or not read into it, or something. Tony exhales softly with something that’s a bit like relief, or maybe heartache.
They fight their way through, and Tony dismantles the ingenious crab hive mind in seven minutes while Steve subdues the psychopathic robotics genius behind it. With the hive mind out of the picture, the crabs stop replicating at every blow, but it takes a long time nonetheless to get them all rounded up. When they regroup, it’s late afternoon, they’re all battered and weary, and Tony, for her part, is
means, anyway, that Steve actually wants to be doing it, touching Tony and holding her, even if it’s just because of the nightmare and everything, and, and it’s just the
and frantically draws himself into a tight defensive ball, letting out a terrified sobbing breath. Where is he – why is he by the fire, in the Stranger’s cave? What has the Stranger done?
Steve turns the knife over in his hands, running his finger over the handle and then closing his hand around the grip, testing the feel of it. Tony holds his breath, because he wants very, very badly for Steve to accept his gift, for Steve to smile at him, and – and touch Tony’s face, and gather Tony up in his arms and hold him and stroke his hair. He likes it a lot when Steve does those things.
, she can’t, her hands aren’t obeying her and she’s – she’s all shaky, why, why?
'Okay,' Steve says softly, and the words hum against Tony's lips. And then, then Steve's pulling back a little, her hands stripping quickly at the suit, unbuckling and yanking, and finally it's tossed to the floor and – and
After a while, he touches Steve’s knee softly, to get his attention, and points to the knife. He knows some of Steve’s words, now, for ‘medicine’ and ‘food’ and ‘fire’ and ‘rest’, and he wants to learn Steve’s word for the tool.
Steve chuckles. His eyes are smiling, and he leans even closer and rubs his nose softly against Tony’s. Tony’s eyes widen. This is new. What does this nose touch mean?
,’ and she presses her face into Steve’s shoulder, overcome and shaking and needy.
Okay, whatever, Steve, Agent Coulson isn’t
His hands are still a
Something touches Tony’s arm, but he snuffles and hunches his shoulders and keeps his arms tightly circled around his face. He hopes they go away and leave him alone.
Steve stands up straight and squares his shoulders. ‘Don’t worry,’ he says. ‘I’ll look after you, Tony, m’kay?’ He puts his arm around Tony, and Tony sighs happily. Friends are so
But then Steve’s arms are around her, hugging her tightly; and Steve’s face is pressed hard into Tony’s hair as though
got you now,’ she adds, satisfied.
even if she’s pretty rubbish at science, and Tony thinks Darcy would be really great with Bruce because Bruce is also awesome and really needs someone to make him laugh, they’d be
‘He looks angry,’ Tony says, fearful.
Steve’s pencil!’ Justin Hammer crows from in front.
‘My – my Dad can’t come,’ he whispers. ‘To my
Tony makes a mumbling noise. Now, now would be a really good time to sit up and act like an adult and apologise to Steve for taking her bed, and crawl back to her own room to recover from the embarrassment. Except, when she sneaks a one-eyed look out through a crack in the covers, Steve just looks so normal and – and kind, and the warm calming weight of Steve's hand on her back feels nice. Good. Almost like Steve doesn't mind Tony being there in her bed, and there's a thought, she’s
Tony gasps in surprise, and Steve looks down with a concerned furrow between his brows. But Steve is very strong and it’s comfortable and warm in his arms, and Tony nestles in contentedly, smiling up at Steve in consent.
, even softer than he imagined, and he cuddles it and presses his face in it and then cuddles it some more.
Steve laughs and sweeps her up in her arms. ‘Shower first?’ she offers, and Tony kisses her neck in enthusiastic agreement.
And Tony goes into her room and flops on her bed in a happy disbelieving daze, and when, much later, she falls asleep, it’s to the remembered slide of Steve’s fingers in her hair, and Steve’s kiss on her temple.
‘Tony,’ he repeats, testing the name on his tongue. ‘Tony.’ His eyes crinkle at the edges, and then he slowly brings his other hand up, his eyes on Tony’s face. Tony watches, half-fearful, as Steve’s hand comes up and up and
Also, Tony is a total excited child when it comes to Christmas. ;) I have a vague headcanon about this, involving Tony's childhood and the Avengers and Iron Woman's little baby kid fans, but that's a story for a different day.
‘I – I, I don’t know,’ Tony says in a tiny, shaky voice. ‘Steve,’ and he closes his eyes tightly so he doesn’t have to see all the strange people. His legs are wobbly, so he sits down abruptly on the grass, eyes still squeezed shut. He can feel Steve plonking down too, his arm still around Tony, and Tony’s fingers clutch at the bottom of his hoodie.
,’ she predicts, exasperated.
Tony stares at him wonderingly. 'Really?' he says softly.
She takes off, ignoring the surprised voices of the others, and swoops back in the direction of the tower. She just catches Steve’s voice, shocked, surprised, saying ‘Tony? Are you alr-’ and then switches off the comms, shutting it all out.
Tony nods reluctantly, watching as Steve goes to pull on underwear and a soft t-shirt. It doesn’t take long, and then Steve’s climbing in next to her, drawing Tony into her arms and settling her against her chest. Tony snuggles happily, nosing at Steve’s neck, and oh! Steve’s thigh is between her legs, and if she moves a little it feels so good.
‘Three weeks an’ four days,’ Tony tells her seriously, leaning his head on her shoulder. He knows
Mr Karolidis is a good teacher. He shows Steve how to measure out the flour and sugar, and break the eggshells with a single tap, not too hard and not too soft. Steve is good with his hands, and he’s done some cooking before, so it’s fun.
Steve catches her before she falls, suckling Tony’s tongue before slowly pulling her lips away. She rests her cheek against Tony’s forehead, rubbing her back to calm her down. ‘Alright, baby,’ she coaxes. ‘I’m just going to lift you into the water now, okay? Arms round my neck.’ Tony holds onto her, warm and yielding and submissive, and Steve scoops her up and lifts her into the warm water, kneeling next to her.
She sips her chocolate, her eyes heavy, and after a bit Steve starts talking in a soft voice, telling her a story about cookies and growing up and something about a spanner that Tony doesn't quite catch. Tony's drifting, drifting, Steve's voice washing over her in quiet comforting waves, and she drifts all the way into soft sleep with the sensation of Steve's fingers stroking little circles into the thin skin on the underside of her wrist.
It’s not her room, it’s
Steve steers herself onto a stool at the kitchenette, squeezing Tony’s wrist, smiling at her a little bit, lopsided. Tony wants to kiss her, but she doesn’t, she just grins back at Steve and looks away, fingers busying themselves with the first aid kit.
There’s a quiet chuckle, the brush of a thumb over Tony’s cheekbone. 'Sleep well,' she hears, and then something that could almost be, '
‘GIVE IT BACK!’ Steve roars. His face is pink and angry and his hands are making aggressive grabby fists at Tony’s side of the table, trying to get his pencil back.
‘Captain Rogers has just left an envelope outside your door,’ JARVIS informs her, and Tony, who’s stumbling out of the bathroom in a daze of happy anticipation of seeing Steve and unwrapping presents round their tree, stops dead in her tracks as though something’s reached in and squeezed the heart in her chest. What possible reason could Steve have for leaving a note instead of coming in, except – except…
welfare,’ JARVIS says delicately.
There’s soft, curly white fur – and a round, cuddly stuffed body with a floppy tail, and a bright pink bow, and a little pink nose, and black eyes and the sweetest little face Tony has ever, ever seen, a little bit like a cat and a little bit like a bear and even a little bit like a puppy. And it sits there and looks up at him as though it’s asking to be picked up and cuddled and loved, and Tony draws in a tiny disbelieving breath.
Steve kicks the ground, his hands shoved deep into his pockets. His face is a little bit crumpled, as though he might want to be crying himself if he wasn’t
Tony even knows some of the other kids, now. There’s Steve, of course. Tony isn’t quite sure what to think of Steve. Steve likes drawing and sometimes fighting. He’s not scared of
she’s a mess, sweaty and covered in black smudges of grease and wearing an ancient tank top and stained jeans, and God, why had she told JARVIS to let Steve in, that was, that was a shitty decision –
The days pass, moon following sun and back again, and Tony rests and sleeps and eats, the sick fever-tiredness slowly seeping out of his body. Steve tends the wound in his chest and brings him food and cares for him, and at night he curls up around Tony and cuddles him, close and warm. Steve is
to feel Steve's skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
, that would be weird, definitely weird and crossing boundaries and that kind of thing.
'Shh-sh,' Steve says, 'sleep, Tony. It's okay, I got you.'
Steve snaps his teeth at her. ‘Am not, am NOT, I HATE YOU,’ he says angrily, but Darcy’s already going on.
He’s weak and shaky, though, and the bowl tilts and nearly spills before Steve steadies it with a hand. Tony huffs in frustration and struggles into a more upright position, trying to bring the bowl to his mouth at the same time, because he’s hungry, so, so hungry, and the stew smells so good it’s making his head spin.
, and Tony’s shrinking down small into his shoulders.
Everyone who drops me a comment gets a CINNAMON COOKIE, because I love you all. *puts trays in oven*
me like that!’ Then she’s right there, and – and she’s touching Tony, running her hands over her shoulders, her back, bringing her palm up to cup Tony’s face, and what, what…?
There are
made it? For me?’ His eyes are shining in the most beautiful way, looking right at Steve; and Steve can’t help smiling back, a little.
‘My mummies poke each other’s bottoms sometimes,’ Darcy chips in suddenly. Everyone turns to stare at her.
’ Though it’s – it’s kind of nice that Steve will punch anyone who makes Tony cry. Steve’s so
Tony thinks, and firmly pushes down on the soft, floaty, squirmy feeling in the pit of her stomach. It's no use
‘You’re so
‘That. That’s just incredible,’ Tony moans, ‘just great, listen to her, everyone, is there, like, any sympathy here? Can I get some sympathy? Because seriously, seriously!’
Poor Steve, Tony is very clueless about this whole thing!
‘Wait, what, no,’ she whispers urgently, and then, ‘is she… is she really, Rhodey? Look again, can you look again?’
, and Steve is the sort of person who’s always clean and fresh and wholesome and has gentle hands and smells nice, like soap and cinnamon cookies. And Tony is filthy and covered in grease and grime and blood, and so it is sort of embarrassing. Like sort of very, painfully, horribly embarrassing.
Steve goes faintly pink as Bucky snickers, and tells him to shut up,
, Steve’s hand is there at the soft centre between Tony’s legs, fingers dancing through the dark curls for a few unbearable moments before she finds it, the little bundle of nerve endings that makes Tony stiffen and cry out sharply and writhe desperately against the pressure.
something inside Tony so that her heart bounces back to its proper place and everything steadies itself again. She registers that, after all, it’s just a little bit of grease, and Steve doesn’t look surprised or put off, just a little bit awkward holding such a big bunch of flowers.
And Tony’s mouth falls open, and she can’t stop staring, staring, staring up into Steve’s face in disbelief.
‘Of course, dear,’ Mom says vaguely, and then Tony just
. Tony can’t take his eyes away from it. He curls up on the floor next to Darcy at story time and looks and looks and
‘An’ you don’t
When it’s dry, he brings back the little mortar of medicine, letting Tony see each movement as he daubs it over the angry swollen cuts. Tony braces himself, waiting for pain, but Steve’s medicine doesn’t hurt. It just feels cool and soothing.
, and Tony just closes her eyes for a moment and leans into the touch, because she can’t help it.
(See the end of the chapter for
An not yell.’
‘Mm,’ she says. ‘With you.’
me,’ Bucky growls, making threatening eyes at Clint under his brows. Clint’s chin comes up stubbornly, suddenly looking much more awake, and Tony watches in bemusement as they make several seconds of charged eye-contact.
Pepper’s herding everyone along towards the Christmas tree, exchanging little laughing looks with Natasha every now and then. Darcy comes and gives Tony a big hug and a pinch on her bottom, whispering something loud and incredibly inappropriate that makes Tony chortle, because
‘What,’ she whispers, ‘Why, JARVIS, why, what does she want?’
Steve isn’t paying any attention to Jane. He isn’t drawing either, which is weird, because Steve really, really loves drawing. He’s staring over at Tony and Darcy with his eyebrows drawn together and his mouth in a flat line.
Steve’s smiling a little, now, and looking right at Tony. And it’s like she’s a light and Tony’s a moth or something, because Tony finds she’s moving towards her. It just happens like that. Steve’s warm and bright and Tony wants to get closer to her, and her legs just do a thing without checking with her first.
Tony can feel the cool heaviness of the egg inside her now, and it does feel good; not the bright insistent excitement leading to climax, but a comforting weight, steady and grounding. ‘Nice,’ she tells Steve after a moment, and Steve looks glad.
Tony’s need is like a fire banked beneath her skin, the light touches enough to bring it crackling to the surface again; she chokes and jolts, her body writhing helplessly towards the touch, but Steve holds her still so that she can spread her open. Then suddenly there’s something cold – so cold! – and Tony clutches at the sheets, panting, as Steve gently, gently slips it inside her body, one warm finger following to ease it further in. Tony clenches involuntarily around Steve’s finger, but Steve just strokes her belly again and draws her finger slowly out. ‘Like it?’ she asks.
‘I dream about – water, too,’ Steve whispers. ‘I’m flying, and then I’m crashing, and then – there’s water. So much water, and it’s – so
The rest of the team are sprawled around the kitchen in various attitudes of laziness. Bruce sees her arrive first, giving her a gentle smile and a soft, 'Hi, Tony.'
‘Do you want to sit here, sweetheart?’ she asks. ‘There’s plenty of room, go on. What’s your name?’
, that silky, heated skin, quivering beneath her fingers – so good that Steve nearly loses her head and sweeps Tony up and back to their bed to finish it. But she takes a deep breath, controls it, allows the arousal to settle into a hot wet throb between her thighs. This is for both of them, and Tony needs this, needs this gentle taking-apart and coming-undone as much as she needs the sex itself.
and Tony wants to jump and shout and dance around with excitement and hug someone. He wraps his arms around himself instead, with a little delighted shiver of happiness, and goes over to the shelf where Old-Bear sits and watches.
, Steve is the nicest, why can’t she have Steve always, and so she says, ‘Wann – wanna keep you. Steve Steve Steve. Nicest.’
, could she, that would be ridiculous), 'You wished to be alerted in any case of the other occupants of the tower posing a risk to themselves or others. I believe Captain Rogers may currently be in such a situation.'
on Steve, and in a minute she’ll remember all the reasons why that is a Very Bad Thing, but for now everything’s fuzzy and soft-focused and she can’t think about it straight.
Steve sets it carefully down. Then she turns so she’s facing Tony full-on, and they’re –
Steve folds his arms sullenly, his jaw sticking out. He doesn’t say anything, so Tony knows he has to be the one to tell. ‘It was me,’ he whispers.
She's gone and
. Steve’s cheeks are very pink, and he doesn’t look at Tony, just keeps holding tightly as Darcy chats to everyone and sings songs from all her favourite movies.
, it's one of those hard things that he's never quite sure of because he's never had friends before (except for maybe Rhodey who lives a long way away). But Darcy had said that Tony was her friend, right in front of Tasha, and Darcy knows all about things like that, so – so it must be really truly true.
*whispers* Here. Bunny kisses!
Steve's hands are under Tony's T-shirt again, and that's good, that's so very, very good, and Tony writhes under the touch. She needs – she
Next chapter: Tony finally gets to lick Steve. ;)
Tony is warm.
'Yes,' Tony says, 'yes, please, Ms Potts, can I go back to my old desk?' He looks pleadingly up at her.
, I’ll – I’ll be upstairs just now, lunch, yeah, that’s good, just coming now, meet you up there.’
’ under their breath.
It’s so unexpected and it feels so good that all the heat and sensation spins together and wraps into a sharp shining thread, stretching his body taut for an instant. And then he slips over the edge, shuddering and panting and clutching Steve’s chest, and Steve makes a surprised grunt and climaxes after him.
Some nerdy stuff: Steve is a Neanderthal (Homo neanderthalensis) in this AU, while Tony is Homo sapiens (modern human). Neanderthals were a highly intelligent species closely related to Homo sapiens, but with their own distinct culture. The two species coexisted in the same geographic regions, and sometimes met and intermarried/interbred. (Apparently, most modern Asians and Europeans have about 2% Neanderthal DNA in their genomes.)
‘What,’ Tony says, a tiny husk of a sound. She feels like everything’s turned upside down, tilting weirdly, warping at the edges. ‘What?’
‘Natasha,’ Bruce says in his soft voice; he’s trying not to laugh, and she widens her eyes at him and spreads her hands.
, even if he can’t sit next to Steve. ‘
But then there are hands on Tony’s shoulders, warm and firm, gripping them and shaking gently. Steve. Steve’s still there. Steve’s hands are holding onto her, anchoring, and Steve’s saying something, and this time Tony can make sense of it.
and on instinct she bites at Steve's shoulder through the damp T-shirt, tasting salt and cotton. Steve makes a low gasping sound, her head arching back, her fingers clenching on Tony's skin.
(in both good and bad ways) for me over the last six months. Please don’t leave comments about how long I’ve taken; my life is not exactly an easy one and I’ve been doing my best. I’ve been writing this chapter slowly over the entire time, though. Hope you enjoy!
(It was actually supposed to be red and
‘No! It’s not – ! It’s a boy!’ he blurts before he can stop himself, and his face is going
It’s only when Tony goes limp and shaking and exhausted, overwhelmed tears in her eyes, that Steve relents.
‘Shh-shh,’ someone murmurs nearby, and Tony’s head jerks towards the sound, trying to see in the dusky firelight. ‘Shh-shhhh,’ and the voice is strange, deeper and more rumbling than the voices of Tony’s tribe, but quiet, gentle. And Tony needs to run, run far away – except that his head is so heavy, and he is so warm, and the fur is so soft.
‘They – they want me to go over there!’
, Steve, I’ve got you, it’s okay, I’ve got you,’ she whispers, a long garbled stream of stupid words, and she
‘No,’ Tony says, but he shifts his chair nearer and curls into Darcy a bit. It’s not like Dad will ever find out. Darcy tugs him even closer and settles him into her side, and starts playing with his hair anyway, but it’s okay.
Mother had said, and she had shown him how to mix red earth with a little water, to draw patterns and pictures on his skin and the wall of the great cave. It helped him to forget about the hunger for a little while.
a hug, and Steve’s arm is still hooked round Tony’s shoulder, and everything feels better after hugs.
Steve finally sets his own bowl aside, and carefully lifts the cooking container away from the fire. He pokes at the fire, scraping at the piles of ash around the edge until it’s arranged to his liking, Tony sleepily looking on.
‘Had a dream,’ Steve says finally, her voice low against Tony’s shoulder. ‘Not the good sort.’
. Room 17, that’s what the papers said. Room 17, he has to find Room 17, and his teacher’s name is Ms Potts. He sort of likes that. It’s like the teapot in Beauty and the Beast, and Tony imagines Ms Potts as being round and comfortable and kind.
They play three different games on the grass, and Tony and Darcy and Natasha end up getting the giggles after they do something funny with a beanbag, called Hot Potato. After that, they go on a walk to find flowers to make more crowns with. Maggie even helps Tony find flowers that will be good to take back to Mom, and a jar to put them in, and they sit side by side on the grass near the others to make a pretty arrangement in the jar.
, Steve and Darcy. Not fighting, he doesn’t like them fighting, it’s too loud and too scary and reminds him of sometimes when Dad comes home angry and yells and yells.
Tony nods understandingly, because yeah, his Dad is like that too. He bumps his knee gently against Steve’s, so Steve knows it’s okay, and Steve untenses. ‘Let’s colour the struts,’ Tony suggests, tracing a star shape on Steve’s shoulder with a capped marker pen, and Steve grabs a big handful of popsticks.
‘Beautiful,’ Steve’s whispering, ‘beautiful,
They cuddle for a while, because this thing they do doesn’t have to be rushed; it’s slow and gentle and soft. Then Steve says, ‘How about a nice warm shower, baby? Want me to wash you?’ and Tony wriggles happily.
Before Steve goes back home, Mr Karolidis rests his hand lightly on his back. ‘Come talk with me,’ he says quietly. ‘If you need. I’m here, you remember that. Okay?’
‘Tony,’ Steve whispers again, against his cheek; and then his mouth is suckling Tony’s skin, damp and warm on his cheek, his throat, his chin; they’re mating bites, and Tony yelps and shudders and presses into them. And then Steve’s mouth is at Tony’s own, and he draws Tony’s lip between his own and bites, very gently.
He needs to get a desk, he suddenly remembers, and looks round in a bit of panic, because what if there isn’t any room left for him? But then he sees Steve and his mom choosing a desk at the side of the room, and there’s a spare one pushed up right next to it, and it suddenly feels like Tony
He wants to ask and check, to make completely sure that Darcy meant it, but he doesn’t know what to say in front of Tasha, so he touches Darcy gently on the arm and looks at her pleadingly, hoping she'll understand what he means without him having to say anything out loud. Darcy tips her head around and looks at him upside down, being silly. Her glasses nearly fall off her nose. ‘We should have a friend han’shake,’ she says, coming back up the right way.
at Tony with those eyes, all soft and concerned and caring. It feels so good,
Steve doesn’t do anything, but he looks pleased. Tony slips into his chair, and Steve bumps his shoulder gently with his own. ‘Cool,’ he says, and Tony sighs happily and grins back at him.
at lunchtime, and it’s all his fault, and he wishes they would stop and there’s a hot feeling behind his eyes like he’s going to cry.
The week is the slowest ever. Tony keeps looking over to see whether Steve is talking to Jane. ‘What if he likes her better?’ he asks Darcy miserably. ‘She’s really pretty.’
‘Tony, it’s the evening,’ Steve says, rather gently, and now her hand is rubbing little circles into Tony’s shoulder, and it feels so good,
He seems to want to explain something to Tony, repeating the same few words slowly and carefully, before realising that Tony doesn’t know what they mean. Tony watches Steve anxiously as he rubs a hand over his face and blows out a breath in frustration.
She actually brings Tony flowers. A beautiful big bunch of blue irises and red carnations in a box with a gold ribbon, very, very Steve-like. Tony, of course, is down in the workshop, tinkering, and then JARVIS says, ‘Captain Rogers is outside the door requesting access, Sir,’ and Tony’s heart does that big
she’s going to, she’s allowed, because ha, Pepper and Natasha have been texting
Because Steve – it doesn't matter what Tony does, Steve still won’t, still won’t ever. Steve’ll still just think she’s selfish and too loud and a show-off, and it doesn’t matter, Tony doesn’t
‘Pepper’s so awesome, don’t you think?’ Tony says dreamily, and Steve feels like something’s tearing and ripping inside his chest. Tony – Tony’s
Steve’s forehead might not need stitches, but it looks a mess: a big broken red patch, blood smeared into Steve’s golden eyebrows and matting her hair. Tony washes her hands, gets a bowl and fills it with lukewarm water, drips in the dark red antiseptic, watching it swirl and cloud and colour the water.
And Steve had – had touched her, touched her gently, wonderfully, and God, Tony doesn’t know what it all means. She doesn’t – she just can’t, it’s too much to get clear in her mind, too messy, completely different from the calculations and equations and diagrams that come easily, smoothly. Far away in the back of her mind there’s a furious alarm going, the urgent warning bell of a bruised little heart that cautions loss and fear and abandonment. It’s hazy, muted by the floating exhilaration from Steve’s touch, but it’s there, always there.
Then Steve collapses back onto the couch, all lovely pink-flushed cheeks and parted lips and heavy eyelids, and pulls Tony down against her chest and wraps her arms around her so they
Darcy’s bear is really the most
Then Natasha reaches forward and affectionately pokes Tony's bottom with her ruler again. 'Hi Tony!' she says brightly.
, her life is tragic and awful and why, just why
She finds cotton wool in a packet in the kit, dunks some in the bowl, scrounges up a gauze pad to catch the drips. ‘Ready?’ she asks, and Steve looks at her with soft eyes and twists her head so that Tony can reach the wound more easily.
‘Happy Birthday,’ Steve says intensely, and Tony beams.
as pretty as Steve’s face. It’s prettier than the dying sun, prettier than the fire-sparks, prettier than a new flower.
. Oh God, oh God, this is the worst thing that’s ever happened to her, Steve
Steve pokes his arm. ‘
hug, but it makes him feel like crying, which is very stupid and doesn’t make
Her back aches, her shoulders ache, in fact, her whole body aches, and there’s those stupid sharp muscle cramps that feel like long bodkins poking up through the core of her body. And to make things even better, she’s
Please forgive any historical inaccuracies!
with that?
, but he’s dizzy and helpless and he can’t hold himself upright.
‘It’s a tower building,’ Tony tells him shyly. He doesn’t know Clint
When the bell goes for break, Darcy grabs Tony’s hand. ‘C’mon,’ she says, bouncing. ‘Let’s run really fast and maybe we can get the good swings!’
Tony bolts upright. 'Shit,' she croaks, 'really – Steve? JARVIS, what is it? Is she okay?'
‘I’ll make one for my Pops,’ she says.
They fit together, Tony nested into the comforting curve of Steve's body, and Tony forgets about the fact that she’s dirty and horrible, and just
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh, God. It’s
‘Was that a yes?’ Steve prompts quietly. ‘Can you use your words for me, like we talked about?’ She cups Tony’s face with a gentle hand. ‘I know talking’s hard for you today, sweetheart, but I need you to use your words for a new toy, just to be safe.’
Tony looks up at her wondrously. Is – is Tasha his friend, too? This is the best day
‘Hurt!’ he agrees delightedly, and Steve’s eyes crinkle a bit more, laughing at him a little. Then he turns and reaches behind him, and comes back with a small hollowed stone in his hand, a mortar, filled with a little mound of something.
‘Such a good baby girl,’ she encourages. ‘That’s right, move for me.’ She runs the tips of her fingers down the crack of Tony’s bottom and holds them there, moving gently, and Tony makes a little choky noise because she can’t help it.
. Tony can’t stop looking at them, at the way they quiver slightly with each tiny breath Steve takes.
She glances at Steve – when did that become such a natural thing to do? – and Steve's looking at her with the corner of her mouth tipping up, jerking her head slightly in Bucky and Clint's direction. Then she winks, which makes Tony go all warm inside, and she can’t help smiling back at Steve, because God, Steve’s so beautiful like this, all warm and relaxed and soft.
Tony looks up at her, horrified. Steve’s head jerks up, a dismayed look on his face. ‘No!’ he says.
‘Tony. Tony, love, I can walk,’ Steve says, sounding a bit more like herself, and Tony freezes for a split second, because –
Tony’s small, he’s always been small, and he’d run and run and run, desperate and hunted, away from his tribe, away from the altar of sacrifice and the stone knife cutting into his chest. And when he had finally fallen into a grassy hollow, sobbing with exhaustion, he’d had nothing to stay his hunger, just his deerskin and his amulet and the round, bleeding wound in his chest, carved deeply in the symbol of a god-gift, a sacrifice.
, because he has a special calendar sticky-taped onto the inside of his closet door in his bedroom, and he’s marking off every day. This year Dad said he might be able to come to Tony’s birthday party, and every time Tony draws through another day with his fat red marker, he squeezes his eyes shut and clasps his hands together and wishes really
I love them. I love them so much. <3
Everything is hazy and painful and growing darker, darker, and as Tony’s eyes close he sees the Stranger turn towards him, his teeth bared, a great stone axe gripped in his hand.
After a moment, Steve says, ‘Tony,’ gently, and motions to the deer. Tony knows he has to let go, he does; it’s just that Steve is so big and warm and
And that night, Mom sits on Tony’s bed and smiles at him gently and reads him a story called ‘Scuppers, the Sailor Dog’, which is a really, really great story about a dog who builds and invents and fixes things. And Tony reaches out, and shyly, slowly curls his fingers around her smooth ones; and Mom looks surprised for a moment but then presses his hand gently and holds it, and it’s
with her – her stupid Steve-face, and Tony’s losing it in front of her, and now Steve’s going to think she’s unstable and shouldn’t be on the team –
And soon – soon Steve is looking back at him with his lips parted, panting a little, and he shifts a little against Tony. It’s like Tony’s body flares like a new flame, bright and shining and lovely, so that he bucks and lets out a sharp eager little cry, and then another –
party, it’s going to be good, good, good and almost all of the people Tony likes are coming and none of the boring grumpy people she doesn’t like. Like Agent Coulson.
He mumbles half-heartedly in protest; Steve hums in his throat, a soothing sound, and pats Tony’s shoulder as he stands up, moving about the little hollow to fetch something from a dim corner. Tony watches him as he comes back to the fire with another birch container, pinching something out of it and sprinkling it into the larger one hung over the fire.
‘Shh,’ he says. ‘Trying to have a serious discussion with Captain Rogers here, duckling,’ and then Tony licks his hand. ‘Ugh. You’re such a child,’ Rhodey says.
robot, not just a baby picture. Steve and his mom are already through the door, and no-one’s pushing him, so Tony reaches out to touch the robot picture. It’s so cool. One day he’s going to draw pictures of robots like that, really neat ones, and then actually make them for real, so they can help him clean his room and stuff.
‘Pretty?’
’ And then he puts his head down softly against Steve’s side again, butting gently.
‘Pretty,’ Steve says wonderingly. ‘Pretty Tony.’
Steve indulges her for a few minutes, petting her back gently as Tony rocks against her. But when Tony starts shuddering and shifting to gain a better angle, her hand wandering shakily downwards, Steve is there to nudge her away from the edge, gentle but firm. ‘Shh,’ she soothes. ‘Easy, sweetheart. Be good for me and don’t touch.’ Her hand comes to press between Tony’s legs again, just cupping and holding so that the pleasure slips away slowly, a soft recession rather than a rough deprival.
It’s no surprise that she’s suddenly tearful. Steve knows, too, she always knows what to do when Tony’s tears come; there’s a gentle hand rubbing her back, up and down, and Steve’s voice murmuring reassurances against Tony’s forehead. Tony sobs into Steve’s comforting shoulder, letting herself be rocked and petted and soothed.
. What was Steve – why had she –?
, anything Steve wanted. But Steve’s smile is sweet, and when she bends to cover Tony’s lips with her own, it’s gentle and chaste.
Tony bites his lip, hesitates. ‘You got that one wrong,’ he points out softly, and then flinches when Steve’s brows go down even further. ‘I mean, I – I could help you? An’ then we could draw it t’gether?’
‘Okay, kids.’ Natasha’s leaning slinkily back in her armchair, flicking her eyes to the ceiling, smirking almost unnoticeably. ‘Time and place. No snogging in communal areas. Calm it down.’
good. Tony thinks he could stay like this for
‘Uh, that’s – mistletoe,’ Steve says softly. ‘Above us. Above you and me.’
‘Steve,’ she says warningly. ‘I’m moving Tony because you were fighting, and you know that fighting isn’t allowed in this classroom. Jane will be sitting here for the next week. After that, it will depend on your behaviour. Tony, pack up your things and move to Jane’s desk.’
‘Do not finish that sentence,’ Steve tells her firmly, dropping her hand, and Tony sighs and leans her head on Steve’s arm.
Thor trips over the TV – yeah, Tony’s not sure quite how that happens either, she was busy with her head in the microwave. There’s a huge crash and a high-pitched squeal and then an uproar; Tony hears Steve laughing so hard she can barely breathe, and her stomach does a little uncertain excited flip. She wishes she could go and see what’s happening, bask in Steve and the way her eyes crinkle up at the corners and close completely when she laughs.
Steve finds her nipple through the soft fur, rubbing her thumb coaxingly across it until Tony starts to make small musical sounds of pleasure, softly rubbing her cheek against Steve’s neck. There’s slickness between her legs, sliding a little down one thigh; everything narrows down to three bright pinpoints of desire. Steve’s thumb on her nipple – Tony’s lips tingling against Steve’s neck – the throbbing untouched spot right –
Steve looks happier suddenly, his neck going straight. ‘Yep,’ he says sturdily, and Tony breathes out in relief. He always feels braver when Steve’s with him.
, warm and soft and tender, legs entangled, breast to breast, Steve whispering quiet hushing nonsense into Tony’s hair.
'Sorry,' Steve says gruffly, after a bit. He doesn't look up. 'You can – you can use my pencils whenever you want an' I'm drawin' you a picture.' It comes out in a rush. Steve's cheeks are pink.
Steve does the border. He draws long ropes up the sides and then adds other things like long curly snails in shells, and seahorses, and tanks, and some flowers. He points at Tony’s face when he sees him looking at the flowers. ‘Flowers AREN’T GIRLY,’ he says sternly, daring Tony to disagree, ‘they’re AWESOME.’
‘It just
, it’s not your fault,
Tony flings her hands out, a kind of dull anger taking hold. ‘I’m
,’ Steve says, firm. She shifts a little, lifts herself up so she’s hovering over Tony. ‘Look at me – please, sweetheart,’ and her tone is so tender and entreating that Tony does, her breathing going shaky.
Except.
, so much, and even though she knows Steve will give her everything if she waits a little, it’s – it’s just so much.
When Tony lets go, Rhodey’s looking at Steve, head tilted. ‘Only going to say this once, Rogers,’ he says easily. ‘You know the drill. You hurt her: Me. Bodybag. Shovel. Unmarked grave.’
Because, y’know, Steve’s a giant sap. Tony loves it. <3
But Steve’s hand is rubbing reassuringly at the dip of his back, so Tony shyly presses his nose back against Steve’s and is rewarded by a smile. ‘So pretty,’ Steve murmurs, and Tony still doesn’t know what that means. He wriggles enquiringly.
Steve's got his head down when Tony gets there. He's drawing. Tony puts his stuff back on the desk, very quietly, and slides into his seat.
Something’s sticky, where Steve’s temple is pressed against her cheek. Tony brings up a searching hand, not thinking, then jerks it away when Steve flinches, realising that the stickiness is partly-dried blood. ‘Shit, sorry, sorry!’ she says quickly. God, she’s so awful at this caring thing, she hasn’t even checked Steve for injuries; and worry stabs sharply at her gut. ‘Can I look?’
Except. Except that Steve’s looking down at her, now, smiling in a warm pleased sort of way as though Tony’s done something to make her happy; and her arm comes off the sofa back and winds gently round Tony’s shoulder, fitting as though it was made to be there. Tony jumps, skittish, and then lets herself relax, because this is
green, she’s safe and Steve’s got her and everything’s warm and floaty. Steve kisses her temple.
Steve’s hand rubs once more on her shoulder. ‘Just wait here, hey? Be back in a minute,’ she murmurs, and her hand runs gently through Tony’s short dark hair as she moves away. It sends little tingles down Tony’s back.
‘Mummy ‘n’ Mamá are gonna take me t’the Pirate Park after school!’ Darcy chatters. ‘We’re gonna have a
and Steve just had sex with her – twice! – and said she was
, too.
There's a pile of tiny nuts and bolts in front of her, and she shoves them roughly out of the way, but a couple of them fall off the surface and she's too slow and stiff to catch them. They fall to the ground with a little peltering noise, and roll away in different directions as she watches.
And then Tony’s knees buckle and fold beneath him, and he falls to the ground with a little stumbling thud.
And after a few steps, Tony feels rough little fingers reach for his hand. Steve’s not looking at him, but he’s holding Tony’s hand, and Tony feels proud and shy and warm all over, because Steve’s his favourite of
The Irish Gaelic lullaby Steve sings to Tony is called Seoithín Seo Hó (Hush-a-bye Baby), and the lines above translate to:
Tony takes a deep wondering breath, clutching at the little red car. Maggie phoned his Mom. He’s going to have a party, a birthday party
things that aren't there, because imagining things leads to hoping, and hoping takes you to places that hurt.
But now Tony likes stupid Pepper Potts better than Steve, and it sucks and Steve
I think I really should write more of this, because Soft!Prehistoric!Stony ftw. ;)
‘Please –
‘Tony,’ Tony whispers after a moment, pointing his own thumb at his chest. Steve smiles at him and strokes his thumb gently over the back of Tony’s fingers, as though Tony’s hand is something delicate and breakable.
Steve kisses Tony’s forehead, threads her hand under Tony’s shirt to stroke the hot skin there. ‘Of course, darling girl,’ she whispers. ‘Red, green, yellow signals, okay?’ and Tony seems to melt against her in relief, nodding. ‘I love you,’ Steve adds, because she does, so much, and Tony
Tony weakly rolls her hips, at that, but it turns out that Steve’s idea of getting sorted out is different. She pats them both dry with a towel, holding Tony upright in the crook of her arm, because Tony has wobbly baby deer legs and keeps trying to get Steve’s leg between her thighs and rub. ‘No,’ Steve tells her, laughing a little. ‘Stop that, sweet thing. Let me look after you, okay? I’ve got you.’
Tony squeaks in terror and drops the pencil. Oh no, oh no, oh no no no, Steve’s back from the craft box, oh no no
bad, fine, Tony’ll even admit that she missed him a tiny little bit when they, you know thought he was dead and everything, and maybe it’s a little bit shit that he can’t come, but like everyone else will be there and it’s going to be the Party Of The Year.
She swallows hard, and there’s a lovely warm feeling inside her that she’s trying very hard not to acknowledge. It’s just a figure of speech, of course, a simple expression, it’s not that Steve, you know,
’ he says proudly.
‘Well, we’re both frien’s with Tony, right?’ Darcy says. ‘An’ Tony got sad ‘cause we were fighting. So we gotta be a bit friends or Tony will be sad again.’
Tony piles up his books quietly, trying not to cry. Steve has gone very quiet.
Thor, so he grins shyly back and manages a tiny murmur of thanks before Darcy grabs his hands and pulls him away.
Steve smiles at him when he’s done, putting the mortar down. ‘Good,’ he says, but then frowns when Tony reaches inquisitive fingers up to probe at his handiwork. He reaches out and takes Tony’s hands in his own, moving them away from his chest and positioning them firmly by his sides. ‘Don’t touch,’ he says sternly, and Tony doesn’t know the words, but he certainly knows the tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Fine, whatever, not finishing, that wasn’t a sex joke by the way because we definitely
Tony’s mother drops him off at the gate with a light kiss on the cheek. Tony wishes very, very hard that she would come in with him – he can see other kids holding their parents’ hands as they walk inside – but he knows that he has to be braver than that. He’s always done things on his own.
‘My little sweetheart,’ she says, and nudges away the dampness at Tony’s eyes with her knuckle.
'Steve won't care,' Tony says woefully. He tries not to let his lip tremble, but he must fail, because Natasha pokes it.
‘Thank you, Tony,’ Steve says after a bit. Her voice is quiet. ‘I mean – for all of this. For coming over. Everything. Patching me up. You’re – pretty great, you know that?’
. I thought – I thought he could this time, he
And Tony bursts into tears.
Tony wakes up with the sun shining through his window. There’s a lovely warm bubbly feeling inside his chest, and he remembers, oh! It’s his birthday! And he’s
. She lowers her eyes and gently cleans away the last traces of dried blood from the edges of Steve’s broken knuckles. Steve’s hand has gone still in her hair, and she wishes Steve would start petting her again.
Anyway, Darcy and Thor were making punch to bring, which would be way better, because they were Darcy and Thor and they were experts in punch-making. And there would be lots of it. Thor had been talking about a rain barrel.
Steve likes to tease Tony with the tickly shower spray between her legs. It feels so good and so unbearable at the same time, and it makes Tony pant helplessly and wriggle in Steve’s lap, not sure if she wants to get closer or further away. Steve pins her hands safely back so she can’t be naughty and touch, and oh, it’s so safe and so overwhelming that Tony cries a little bit, but in a good way, into Steve’s warm soft neck.
a long time. Steve’s fingers are tangling tenderly in her hair, now, Steve’s thumb caressing the soft patch of skin behind Tony’s ear.
Then JARVIS says, ‘Captain Rogers is outside, Sir,’ and Tony startles as though she’s been slapped.
‘Tony? Tony, hey, you okay?’
friend,’ Steve hisses, glaring.
Steve pulls back obligingly; her eyes are starting to look heavy, and shitshitshit, isn’t sleepiness a sign of concussion? ‘JARVIS, med-scan, now,’ Tony says sharply.
loves her or anything.
Tony rolls the little egg in Steve’s palm. It’s very cold, but – but that would probably feel really good, that cool hardness down between her legs where it’s warm and wet. She doesn’t like things that are big, down there, but the egg is quite small, and she trusts Steve. And Steve is always gentle, so gentle, and it won’t hurt even a little bit. Just good feelings.
At the same time, with her other hand Steve reaches between them and catches Tony’s nipple between thumb and forefinger, giving it a gentle rolling pinch. It startles a sharp shocked little whimper out of Tony, and Steve laughs a little. ‘Nice, isn’t it?’ she murmurs, and pinches again, her other hand stroking along Tony’s folds for an instant.
thing, so bright and beautiful and
‘NO, GO AWAY,’ Steve shouts back, and Tony muffles a shocked gasp of delight into Steve’s neck. Steve grins into her hair and wriggles her fingers in a cheerful little caress down Tony’s spine.
It has heaps of thick frosting and little M&M’s for lights all around the edges of the runways, and small coloured toy planes ready to take off. Phil asks him which plane he wants, and Tony ends up with a big slice of cake and seven M&M’s and a tiny red biplane balancing on top.
‘Okay,’ Steve whispers. ‘Okay.’ Her hands smooth down Tony’s back, firm and reassuring, slowing the pace, and Tony clings onto her, breathing heavily. She tips her face up after a moment, pleading, and Steve meets her with a kiss, slow and quiet and unhurried. It seems to go on for hours, Steve suckling gently at Tony's bottom lip as Tony melts into it, making little soft involuntary sounds.
, Steve in a damply clinging white T-shirt, black shorts showing every curve of her hips and thighs, Steve's long legs, muscled and lightly sprinkled with golden hair, Steve's hair tousled and her lips soft and parted and her eyes blown wide with want. Tony makes a helpless, desperate little sound and launches at her, hands roaming Steve's arms and shoulders, chests pressing softly together, rocking against each other as they kiss.
Rhodey comes up behind the two of them when everyone’s distracted with Clint shooting the star off the top of the tree, putting a big warm hand on Tony’s shoulder. ‘So. No need for any more matchmaking?’ he murmurs, and Tony feels like crying, which is really stupid because she’s so happy it hurts, and she turns round and hugs him, hard, pressing her face into his shoulder. Rhodey pats her back and gives her curls an affectionate tweak.
Steve’s waiting at the landing pad, somehow, her hair mussed from her helmet, her face concerned. Tony stares at her for a second, then sees Thor standing behind her. He must have flown Steve there, and it’s his worried, kind expression that tips Tony over the edge, tears stinging at her eyes behind the impassive faceplate. She pauses the auto-disarming bots, because she
and Steve hates her. He HATES her.
‘Bye Mom,’ he says quickly, but she’s already pulling the car away, glossy pale pink fingernails curled delicately around the wheel. It’s okay. Tony knows she’s busy.
‘Hey. Tony.’ It’s Steve, but Tony doesn’t – he doesn’t care! He’s going to stay with his head on the desk
After a minute, Steve’s hands smooth down Tony’s arms and fall away. Her pupils are huge and dark and dilated, Tony notices hazily, and her lips are parted slightly; they’re so
Of course, no-one realises that Tony's been having an epiphany there in the corner of the bloody kitchen, so the world doesn't actually stop turning or anything. Things simply run their course as they usually would: the Chinese team (Steve, Bucky, Natasha and Tony herself) win the food dispute, and Natasha phones it in, looking both smug and slightly threatening as Bruce and Clint subside in defeat.
Drowsiness washes over him in the sudden way it’s had since he’s been sick; Steve is holding him so close and he feels so safe. Tony snuggles into him, making happy, sleepy sounds, and Steve nuzzles his hair. He
It's me, Tony. Oh God. It's okay, please, you're safe, it's me,' and something goes
'It's – it's fine,' she says, and her own voice surprises her, sounding soft and sleep-soaked and uncertain and
Then Steve says – Steve says –
and he’s been running so long, and now – now there is another danger, and Tony is very much afraid.
Steve is stripping the flesh from the underside of his new hide, using a faceted flint knife. Tony nestles into Steve’s warmth, watching the sunlight glint off the dark shining surfaces of the tool.
, like a dumb baby, only babies cry, that’s what Dad says.
Afterwards, Steve leans her head on Tony’s shoulder, panting, and starts laughing again, her chest heaving. Tony presses her face into Steve’s hair and giggles. Steve’s hair is so nice, silky and damp and nice-smelling, and Tony nuzzles at it.
Chapter 2 will be coming, hopefully sooner rather than later - in which there will be more caring Steve and small Tony, and soft kisses. I promise soft kisses.
of her, and Steve’s going to take her on a date, too. A real proper date, with dinner and maybe holding hands, and…
When the broth is gone, Steve feeds him the meat, holding it in his fingers for Tony to eat. It’s soft and juicy and flavoured with herbs, and Tony wolfs it down, his lips brushing Steve’s fingers in his haste.
'Captain Rogers appears to have been suffering from a lucid nightmare whilst sleepwalking. She injured her head and her hand before I was able to wake her, and is in considerable emotional distress.'
They both have golden hair, the boy and the lady, very beautiful soft silky golden hair. Tony’s hair is dark and curly, like his dad’s. His mom’s hair is fair and silky, but it’s paler than this, cool and blonde. The boy and the lady have hair like sunshine, Tony decides.
Tony thinks about it. A giant metal fire gorilla does sound pretty cool. ‘Yeah,’ he decides, and reaches for his Drawing book.
Steve lays the branches down in a neat pile and lowers himself onto the ground with a satisfied sigh, smiling at Tony and reaching out towards him with his hand. Tony shivers happily, crawling into the warm crook of Steve’s arm; Steve draws him in close to his side, rubbing his cheek against Tony’s head.
And then Steve smiles at her, a little bit lopsided, a little bit shy, and it somehow
And then somehow she’s got her face down on the workbench, arms curled around her head, and big shuddering sobs keep rising up in her chest, hating herself for crying like this, and it’s – it’s just, she’s so bloody lonely, and sometimes it feels like she’s trying so hard and yet – and Steve.
And then Steve’s teeth sink gently into the soft slackness of Tony’s lower lip, and she makes a high, desperate sound, and grinds
‘Justin, enough,’ Ms Potts says sternly.
Darcy sits down next to Tony on the bench and puts her arms around him. ‘Don’t cry, don’t cry,’ she says softly, ‘Tony Tony, don’t cry please.’ She pats him gently and glares at Steve over the top of his head.
‘Steve,’ he whispers, clinging on to Steve’s hand and stopping still. ‘
as his birthday party. But Darcy’s standing there, looking pleased and bounceful, holding a roundish lumpy parcel wrapped in pink paper with a gold bow. ‘Open it, open it!’ she says, and puts it in Tony’s hands.
It seems a long time they sit there, silent, soaking in each other’s warmth. After a while, Tony hooks up the blanket she’d dragged along with her, pulling it awkwardly around Steve’s shoulders; and Steve somehow shifts and gets the blanket around both of them so they’re in a warm sort of cocoon. Tony exhales, like a sigh, feeling Steve’s strong heartbeat where she’s slumped low against Tony’s body.
Tony’s in the middle of the wiring, so she can’t go and watch. But she listens to Steve’s wonderful laugh, and seeing as her head’s in the microwave, she doesn’t bother to stop herself from smiling.
It feels so –
together. An’ we got cookies with pink icing!’
Steve’s looking down at her, so soft and blue and serious. ‘You’re not – whatever you were going to say,’ Steve says gently. ‘You’re good and sweet and kind and funny and
, so Steve must’ve done the right thing. It feels good.
It’s Christmas! It’s Christmas, and Christmas is fun, and they’re having a party,
Steve looks. ‘Yeah,’ he says shortly.
But right now, he still feels sleepy and wobbly, and his hands are shaky when he tries to hold things. So he just yawns contentedly and hands the knife back, basking in the safety and sunshine. After a bit, Steve puts the hide down and curls an arm around Tony, and Tony rests his head trustingly on Steve’s broad shoulder.
Tony is breathing fast, shuddering a little under Steve’s hands, and when Steve finally relents and circles her thumbs around Tony’s rosy little nipples, she makes a small lovely sound of relief, arching up against the touch, her hands clutching at her stomach where Steve had placed them. Steve keeps the touch light and petting, circling the nubs with her fingertips, loving the way that Tony writhes and pants. ‘That’s right, my beautiful girl,’ she praises, ‘that’s it, you’re doing so well, keeping your hands there for me. Does it feel good?’
‘Where we gotta go f'Room 17, Mom?’ he asks the lady, and oh! Tony’s stomach flips a bit with relief, because the boy must be in his class, and he’s been wondering where Room 17 was as well, because everything’s so –
Steve, and she wriggles closer and nods.
This is – this is different. Tony’s eyes widen, laughter falling away, because Steve’s fingertip is between his lips, and Steve’s thumb runs along Tony’s jaw, stroking, and Steve is looking down at him with his soft eyes. ‘Little Tony pup,’ he murmurs.
, misread, and whatever was in Steve’s note, it
’ she says in a tiny thread of a voice. ‘
‘It’s good. Hearing you talk,’ Steve says very softly when Tony stops for breath. ‘Never – never want you to shut up, Tony.’ And Tony blinks hard, because are there
. Tony draws Darcy in the middle, very carefully, with pigtails and a red dress because red's the best colour. He draws everyone else around her, Steve with bright blue eyes and Tasha’s red hair and Clint with a bow and arrow just like Robin Hood and pretty Jane and Tony himself with a black curly scribble of hair. Thor is behind the others, nice and tall and big.
,’ she hisses, ‘scan me, JARVIS, show her the results and tell her to
‘I didn’t mean, I – I don’t, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, here,’ Tony says helplessly, shoving the pencil at Steve. Now Steve’s going to hate him, Steve’s going to gang up with Justin Hammer to be mean to Tony, this is the worst day
Steve stops outside Tony’s room. And Tony would – she wouldn’t mind, she’d do
Tony flips his Numbers book open to the back, where he does most of his best robot drawings, because it has criss-cross lines. He’s working on an extra special one at the moment, a robot armour man like the one on the board but even bigger and cooler. The helmet would look great if it was gold.
After Maggie goes, Tony doesn’t feel much like talking, so he goes and curls up on a cushion in the reading corner with a really cool book called Bill the Inventor. After a few minutes, Steve marches across with a handful of pencils and his Drawing book, and says, ‘Move over,’ and then wedges himself against Tony, comfortingly close.
It’s Darcy’s birthday! Tony thinks it’s the coolest thing ever. Darcy brings lots and lots and
She can’t – she
kiss, realer than anything, and Tony trembles and kisses back, feeling the lovely softness of Steve’s lips, the gentle way Steve’s arms curve round her waist and hold her close. Then Tony makes a little helpless sound,
Steve holds Tony there like that for a long time, teasing, lovingly pressing her hands away to stop her touching; placing soft tender kisses on her face when it gets so intense that Tony can’t help making sounds. Tony pleads and pleads, but Steve just quietly hushes her. ‘I said no, darling girl. You know your colours,’ she murmurs, gentle and firm. ‘It’s okay. I got you, little bird.’
He hears Tony make a tiny, wounded, hitching noise in his throat, but he doesn’t fricken care, Tony can fricken stay and watch fricken
, she needs it to be
, hot and savoury and wonderful.
Tony traces her fingers languidly down Steve’s face, Steve’s neck, feeling soft and satisfied, the delicious tired tingling of her afterglow between her legs. ‘Mm, they’ll wait,’ she murmurs, and finds Steve’s hand and squeezes it gently.
Steve’s head pops up again. ‘YES,’ he says firmly. ‘T’
Steve says ‘Knife,’ and offers it for Tony to look at. It’s a good flint, like the ones used by Tony’s tribe, but Tony thinks he could make a better handle grip. He would bind it around with leather straps, so that it would be more comfortable for Steve to use. He really, really wants to do nice things for Steve.
It’s Steve singing, Steve’s soft breasts that Tony is currently snuggled into, Steve’s hand running soothingly through her hair. When Tony tips her face drowsily back to look up at her, Steve’s hand curves around the back of Tony’s head to hold it against her shoulder.
gets a swing. Darcy’s grinning at him, making small chirping sounds of anticipation as they start off slowly, getting higher and higher and higher till Tony's almost sobbing with excitement, wind rushing past him and whipping wildly through his hair, his fists clenched tightly on the ropes. It feels – it feels so wonderful, like flying –
Maggie offers him a little folded up pocket thing, toasted on the outside and with melted cheese dolloping deliciously out of the corners. Tony thanks her politely but looks dubiously at the strange piece of food, not sure what it is. But Steve's grabbing one of the pockets eagerly and taking a huge bite, so Tony thinks it must be nice.
Steve and Tony are the last ones out of the room, and Tony looks up to see Steve smiling at her, a little crookedly. Then Steve reaches out to her, and for one wild breathless moment Tony thinks Steve's going to touch her face, cup it in her palm. But then Steve just drops her hand onto Tony's shoulder, her thumb rubbing softly across the clavicle of her neck. ‘Good night, Tony,’ she says quietly, and goes.
, he knows how to count and he’d gone and checked on his calendar to make absolutely completely sure, even though he
He kind of wishes the boy would turn round and say hello. That would be nice. But the boy – Steve – is looking left and right with narrow eyes, frowning a bit.
‘Nat’ral selection,’ Clint slurs, waving his hand flappily in the air. He yawns hugely, and Bucky snorts at him.
Tony’s bent over his desk, drawing. Steve and Tasha are up the front doing extra Maths, so their seats are empty.
–’ The hand comes back, and Tony gets a reproving tap on the nose and an awesome fond-exasperated look from Steve before she ungags her, and it makes Tony feel all glowy and warm and nice inside.
let people like me,’ he whispers, ‘
‘Oh God,’ Steve says, her voice soft and slurred with pleasure. ‘Supposed t’go down there about an hour ago. Bucky and Clint – going t’be bouncin’ through the
Then Steve tips Tony’s face with two gentle fingers on her jaw, and carefully thumbs away the little smudge of butter on her nose, and something goes all to mush in Tony’s chest. And she smiles stupidly up into Steve’s face and everyone’s watching and teasing and she doesn’t care because Steve’s just –
There’s a soft patch of grass a little way ahead, looking over the valley, and Steve sits down, lowering Tony carefully into his lap and settling him against his chest. ‘Look, Tony,’ he says, and sweeps his hand in a gesture that takes in the sky and the valley. ‘Pretty,’ he says softly, and rests his chin in Tony’s hair.
anyone who laughs. ‘Specially Justin. Did he make you cry? I’ll kick his butt, I
, and oh, Steve! Steve’s actually, really, truly his proper friend now. Tony hums happily in his throat and nestles in, enjoying it. Darcy giggles.
‘Just need to – to,’ she whispers, and shifts awkwardly, and this is stupid, it shouldn’t be embarrassing, and yet – and yet. It’s
, and he reaches out shyly, and curls his little finger gently around Steve’s.
Steve’s voice is quiet, but with that Captain America-ness in it, sort of commanding and reassuring at the same time; and Tony finds that she can breathe a little bit easier when Steve’s standing there telling her to do it. Tony can just about – she can find her words now, fumbling for them, and she says, ‘M’fine, okay, it’s
He looks warily around to see where Steve is. Steve’s got his head in the craft box, rummaging around. He won’t notice if Tony just tries it a tiny bit.
’ he says again, ‘gnap, gnap!’ like a wolf pup, and this time Steve lets his fingers be caught.
Does anyone recognise Maggie?
, Tony realises, and she swallows hard as a great starry-eyed wave of wonderment washes up over her, because when has anyone worried about that ever?
Darcy giggles. ‘You’re pretty as well, Tony, don’t be silly!’ She gives him a little hug, too. Darcy does that a lot. Tony secretly kind of likes it, but he would still rather be sitting next to Steve.
Except Tony is really not dumb, Tony is real great and kind and smart and knows how to make all kinds of stuff, and his hair is soft and curly, and Steve always likes the way Tony looks at him with big brown eyes, like Bambi in that baby movie, when he thinks Steve’s cool. Steve likes everything about Tony, really, that’s why they’re best friends.
Tony loves it when Steve plays with her.
Steve walks Tony to her room, that night, holding her hand.
The next time, Tony’s woken by the sound of movement, and Steve’s not holding him anymore. Steve’s not even in the cave, and Tony feels frightened suddenly. Where is Steve? What if he’s gone?
until Tony jerks and sobs, sudden and desperate, and shudders over the edge.
, so stupidly, stupidly
He’s wonderfully, wonderfully warm and comfortable, and something soft is wrapped around him. His eyelids struggle open and he sees warm red fire-sparks dancing in the darkness – and for a moment, a lovely moment, he thinks he is a child again, wrapped in his mother’s bearskin, safe and close by her fire.
Tony sighs and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve says, ‘Hey can you help me with my Numbers?’ and Tony wipes his nose on his sleeve and smiles wetly and nods.
‘Knife?’ Tony asks Steve. He’s sitting cross-legged in a patch of warm sunshine, basking like lizards do; Steve looks up from the flint he’s chipping at. There’s two piles in front of him, one of waste chips, too small to be used, and the other of good, large, sharp ones, that Steve can use for hunting and skinning and preparing food. Tony reaches forward and points questioningly at the good pile, turning his palm up in a beseeching gesture.
She folds Tony’s t-shirt neatly before going any further. Tony whimpers, feeling a little neglected, and Steve makes a low soothing sound in her throat, amused. ‘Shh, darling,’ she soothes, and lays the folded shirt on the counter. ‘I haven’t forgotten about you, bunny.’
; I just sit and write what comes to me from her gracious guidance. And I had to introduce a new character in order to set up my Tony-birthday-plans, so…
Ms Potts is a good teacher. She doesn’t look anything like a teapot, but she’s good. She lets Tony read more interesting books than the others, because he knows more words than them. And she likes his robot pictures. She even stuck one up on the whiteboard, his best one, the red and yellow one that looks a bit like a suit of armour.
Maggie chuckles, and Tony realises he’s been asking too many questions, and that’s rude. ‘Sorry,’ he whispers, but Maggie’s shaking her head, softly squeezing his shoulder.
Tasha,' Tony says, a little bit cross.
, Steve should be happy and dorky and so, so warm, not scrunched and broken on the floor. Tony reaches out to touch her arm, and then springs back, because Steve jerks and lashes out blindly, her head wrenching up, her eyes red and frantic and unseeing, a sticky red graze at her temple.
‘I got it, Mom,’ another voice replies, a kid’s voice, firm and sure of itself, and Tony turns round to see who it belongs to.
You can read Steve's take on the mistletoe kiss in my story
She sucks gently on Tony’s lip, squeezing and caressing her breasts, her sides, her body. Tony kisses back unsteadily, and then Steve slips an arm around her and draws her close against her body, holding her there on the counter with Tony’s curly head tucked under her chin. ‘Arms round my neck, baby,’ she murmurs. Tony obeys, a little clumsy, and Steve smiles against her forehead. ‘That’s my good girl, keep them like that for me.’
Her voice is wonderfully even and matter-of-fact, and her arm is strong and supporting and
Steve jumps off her perch on the counter, smiling at Tony, and shifts over to make space for her. Tony smiles back, feeling oddly shy; and then looks up as Clint makes a little snickering sound, crouched up on the countertop with a jar of cookies. Natasha's smirking, shaking her head as she leans gracefully back in her seat, legs crossed. Bruce smiles down at his tea. There's a snort, and Tony looks round to see Bucky rolling his eyes, bumping Clint's knee with his shoulder. 'Enough with the bedroom eyes, lovebirds. Some of us want to eat.'
‘You are,’ Natasha says lazily, ‘so you should’ve got more if you wanted any.’
Old-Bear looks at him with his tired kind black eyes, and Tony hugs him and pretends that Old-Bear says, ‘I love you.’
, and the worst thing of all is the horrible guilty embarrassed feeling in the pit of his tummy. And the big sore lump in his throat.
One day Steve leaves his gold pencil lying on the edge of his desk. Tony doesn’t mean to touch, but – it’s right there, and it’s
. It makes Tony feel suddenly, dreadfully, like crying. God, Steve’s face is in her hair, nestling there and breathing in –
Tony can press and rub against that perfect spot, fingers slipping in slickness, gasping in relief.
Tony’s little pink tongue pokes out and laps it away. She looks delicious, Steve thinks; eyes blown wide and black with need, lips soft and pink and trembling. She leans forward and catches Tony’s lips with hers, swallowing up the little breath of surprise that she makes, sinking her teeth into Tony’s bottom lip in a way that makes Tony’s knees buckle.
‘TonyStark,’ Tony mumbles. It comes out too soft, his dad would frown at him and tell him to open his mouth and speak clearly. But Steve’s mom just crinkles her eyes. ‘Nice to meet you, Tony,’ she says. She doesn’t say it in a baby voice, either, Tony hates it when people do that.
I wrote which just demanded to be expanded.
And ha, Bruce is talking to Darcy! Well, Darcy is talking to Bruce. But Bruce is laughing and looking happy, and Tony thinks that Darcy looks kind of cute in her Christmas jumper and big specs, so she tells her and Darcy’s pleased. Tony’s got her own Christmas jumper on, too, a nice one, silky cashmere in a Steve sort of blue, with little sparkly snowflakey speckles all over it. Darcy likes it as well. Bruce is laughing at them, so Tony hits him on the head with a Christmas cracker.
. Tony whimpers.
on Steve’s breasts, full and silky-soft, a lovely weight against Tony’s seeking fingers.
And –
Then Tasha goes back to her chair by climbing under the desk, and Tony hears Clint say really quietly, ‘Tash, hug for me too?’ and so Tasha gives
Tony wriggles a little bit. He always wants hugs. ‘Yeah,’ he says, muffled and hopeful.
always.
‘Playin’ ball,’ Steve says haughtily, ‘an’
Next week, Tony comes to school and goes slowly to his desk and puts his head down and curls his arms around it so no-one can see his face.
Room 17 has a picture of a robot of the door, a
Steve’s mouth opens as though she wants to say something else, and then her eyes move over Tony’s face, searching, and she seems to change her mind, her smile turning oddly wry, rueful. Tony can’t quite make it out. ‘Steve?’ she’s just starting to say, uncertainly, and then Steve glances down and seems to realise she’s still holding the flowers. She laughs a bit, looking back up at Tony.
Tony sighs in relief, a big smile spreading across his face. Clint’s pinky is small and rough and warm, and Tony squeezes it gently. ‘That’s
And then the Stranger looks up, and sees him watching, and the movement of his hand stops. His eyes meet Tony’s, and Tony catches his breath in fright and huddles against the cave wall, pulling the skins with him to make a sort of cocoon, a flimsy barrier in case he is about to be attacked. He watches, unblinking, hardly daring to breathe.
' Tony says quickly, and then gulps. But Steve looks abashed. 'Sorry,' he says, but then points at Tasha's face. 'But don't!’ he adds, getting the last word before he plumps back into his chair. Natasha pokes her tongue out at his back.
There’s a big warm spot growing right in the middle of Tony’s chest, and he feels a smile start, beginning on the inside of him and then reaching his mouth and curling the edges up, up up. He starts smiling, and he can’t stop smiling and smiling and
Steve hauls in a big ragged breath. ‘S’rry
, huge and kind and strong, and Tony sometimes wonders if Steve is the Sun god himself, come down to save Tony from the sacrifice, except that a god wouldn’t eat or laugh or growl when they burnt their finger on a hot stick.
He’s so
After Steve has whispered, ‘Not – not like that, not this time, please, I want. I want to hold you, Tony –
,’ Tony insists, and, great, her voice is going high and choky and she – she has to go. She lifts off and zooms down into the building; there’s some sort of stupid rule someone made about not flying inside but she doesn’t bloody care right now.
t’him.’
‘No, darling,’ Steve murmurs, lifting her head. She takes Tony’s hands in her own, holding them tenderly. ‘I want you to keep your hands still, okay, baby?’ She lays Tony’s hands over Tony’s stomach, positioning them so that her smallest fingers are brushing the lacy waist of her pants. ‘Do you think you can keep them there for me without touching?’
‘Mamá! This is Tony an’ Steve!’ Darcy says. ‘Tony’s my friend, he’s really nice and smart and likes hugs and you have to be nice to him. An’ that’s Steve.’ She pushes her glasses up her nose with one hand and adds, ‘Me ‘n’ Steve are sorta friends. A bit.’
is Darcy's bear.
a breakup message but somehow Tony’s managed to turn this thing to shit anyway, just like she always does. And now she’ll have to pull out the note and read it in front of Steve and the shame of it all is rising up and pressing on her throat, and she wants to cry but – but…
Now Steve’s looking at her more closely, and her hand is reaching out to close warmly around Tony’s own. ‘Tony,’ Steve says slowly, ‘did you
Steve says ‘Yeah,’ and strokes his hair lightly, and Tony sighs and blinks up at him.
But Maggie just grins at him and pats his arm. 'Have another one then,' she offers, and so Tony does.
‘C’mon,’ Darcy says encouragingly, and walks the bear into Tony’s lap. And Tony reaches out reverently and curls his arms around the bright fur and oh, it’s so
Steve – what is even happening here, Steve's actually worried about
, so much sky and colour, and it makes him feel warm inside.
‘Okay, okay,’ he says, ‘now! Cakes cook in the cups, and we make icing. What’s your boy’s favourite colour?’
And then everything happens in a frantic sort of flurry, Steve’s hauling her own shirt off one-handed while her other hand slides to Tony’s hips and under her waistband, insistent. ‘Clothes, off. Now,’ Steve commands, and oh, God
Steve kisses Tony’s collarbone, feather-light, threading their fingers together. ‘Tony?’ she says softly, and brings her other hand up to stroke Tony’s cheek. ‘That letter I left. It was just. Just wanted to – ask you out for dinner. A – a real proper date, you know.’ She pauses, and then says quietly, ‘Seems like you’re always doin’ things for me. Like to do something just for you.’
And JARVIS is saying something that Tony can't hear, she can't bear listening to JARVIS right now, and she shudders and sniffles again and presses her face pathetically into her arms.
Steve’s smile widens, but he just repeats, ‘Pretty. Now rest,’ and though his words are different to the ones Tony uses, the meaning becomes clear when he pats the bedskins again. Tony pouts.
Tony sniffles, because she doesn’t know – she doesn’t know what to
, not even Ms Potts or probably even the principal. Tony doesn’t think he’s actually friends with Steve or anything like that, they don’t talk much, but Steve’s always there and Tony would rather sit next to Steve than anyone else in the class.
Tony curls his knees in and tucks himself into Steve’s side with a sigh. And Steve skritches with his pencils while Tony reads, and it’s quiet and nice and the tightness in Tony’s throat slowly fades away.
Steve perches on the sofa arm next to her and pats Tony’s shoulder. ‘Aw, honey,’ she says, half-laughing, and Tony’s mouth goes dry as she registers the long curve of Steve’s thigh brushing against her arm. She just has a dizzy moment to think how surprisingly soft it is, even through Steve’s jeans; and then Steve’s moving lightning-quick, lunging towards Natasha and snagging the sesame chicken out of her hands.
Based on a
‘You hafta do
He looks up in delight, because it’s Steve! Steve’s waiting for him outside school, with his hands shoved in his pockets and an intent, earnest sort of look on his face. ‘Hi Steve!’ Tony says happily, and scurries over to him, hauling his schoolbag.
crying.
‘What?’ Steve’s looking at her, a deep wrinkle between her brows. ‘Yes, I – I left you a letter, but…’ Then her face changes, stricken. ‘It was too fast, wasn’t it? Oh, Tony, I’m sorry. I thought – I mean, after last night, it seemed like. Well.’ She clears her throat, her cheeks pinkening.
Hush-a-bye, baby, isn't it a great joy
The punch is really
thank you personally as soon as I can. But, ugh, my life is incredibly busy and scary and stressful sometimes, and, well, sometimes I can't keep up as well as I'd like to. I love all of you. *opens arms really wide for a big group hug* <3
, keep it together, don’t cry,
Tony flips through his Drawing book to find the plane picture. He turns round when he finds it. ‘Look!’
'Silly,' she says in a sing-song voice. 'Silly, Tony, silly, Tony, silly Tony!'
there in the circle of Steve’s arms, and she can’t help it, she catches a sob in her throat.
, he’s too happy, so he slips out of his chair and scampers to the other end of the table and gives Mom a light shy kiss on her cheek, ducking his head. ‘Oh!’ she says, surprised and faintly pleased, and pats his cheek with soft fingers. ‘Oh, Tony. Such a sweet child.’
‘Steve,’ he whispers, touching Steve’s arm fearfully. ‘Steve – look, Steve.’
Steve’s
Somehow they make it up off the floor, and Tony guides Steve back so she’s sitting on the bed, an odd fierce wave of protectiveness surging through her as she sees Steve’s blotchy face and the tears clinging onto her thick lovely lashes. ‘Hey, hey, wait,’ she says, and grabs the box of tissues from the nightstand. Steve sort of just stares at it for a moment, so Tony says, ‘you can, you know, blow your nose. I mean, if you want to, if you don’t it doesn’t matter, I’ll just take the box away,’ and then wants to hit herself on the head to stop all the words.
‘Merry Christmas, Tony,’ Steve whispers. Her breath is warm and soft on Tony’s temple, and Tony nestles closer because it feels so
He whimpers softly, curling into a little ball. But the next moment, Steve comes into view, dragging his deer carcase by the back legs, powerful muscles straining and bulging. He lets the legs fall to the ground and comes over to drop down by Tony’s side, brow wrinkled in concern. ‘Shhh,’ he says soothingly, and Tony reaches out to take Steve’s hand in relief, pulling it up to press against his face, closing his eyes.
She smiles at him distractedly, glossy nails clicking on the edge of her glass. ‘Would you like to go, dear? I said you could, but you don’t have to, of course.’
‘Huh,’ Steve says, folding his arms. After a moment he adds, ‘My mom’s cooler.’ He sounds rather defensive.
So, I wanted Small!Tony and Fem!Tony and f/f, so I wrote this. Drop a comment in the box and let me know what you thought! :)
‘Green, green,’ she whispers, and Steve kisses her forehead.
. What the hell.
, but you still do it – and it’s not right, how no-one ever says thank you.’
as though she’s enclosed on all sides by Steve-ness. Safe like being in a warm blanket or the suit or something, just nicer even than that, because Steve’s
It feels good. Tony mumbles happily and nestles into the warmth of Steve’s body, and Steve reaches up to run his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony’s eyes droop closed at the feeling, and Steve’s fingers slide through his curls, stroking, stroking, stroking, until Tony drifts back into warm soft sleep.
Tony lets out a little breath he’s been holding. And he’s trembling, but he slowly reaches his own hand out, tentative and uncertain, and brushes the fingertips against the Stranger’s calloused palm. And the Stranger smiles a little, his eyes soft, and wraps his fingers around Tony’s.
the armour right now.
I see,’ and hey, maybe Tony doesn’t have to spell it out after all, so she just sits there for a moment with her eyes squeezed shut, because she’s tired and embarrassed and yeah,
Her free hand is somehow under Steve’s shirt, clutching and caressing her breast almost frantically, her thumb circling and rubbing Steve’s nipple in time with the movement of her fingers between her legs. Steve is gasping, now, herself, and she turns her face against Tony’s cheek and catches her lips again, kissing her deeply, her tongue flickering along the sensitive inside of her lips, so that Tony can’t help whimpering again.
get in trouble for, you’re better than that,’ she scolds, and Steve blinks and chuckles a bit. Tony slips under her arm, supporting her across to Steve’s cosy little kitchenette.
(They’d
‘G-green,’ Tony gulps out, because she is, she’s
Maggie’s kneeling in front of him. ‘It’s okay, Tony,’ she says gently, as he trembles. ‘It’s okay. Can you breathe for me? Deep breaths in and out.’ Her voice is warm and kind and reassuring, and Tony swallows again and finds he can breath along with Maggie. Steve is gently patting on his back, and Darcy is cuddly on his other side, and after a bit Tony opens his eyes again.
Steve mouths at Tony’s lip for a moment more, enjoying the way it trembles, but then pulls away. ‘Ready?’ she says, and Tony nods, her eyes big and dark as she watches Steve’s hands strip Tony’s t-shirt up and over her head, her fingers glancing over Tony’s sides.
’ Tony’s muttering crossly, still glaring. And Steve looks at him unhappily, and Tony seems to deflate, all the anger going out of him. ‘Of
'Thank you,' Tony says stiffly after a moment, or as stiffly as is possible whilst curled up under a warm burrow of bedclothes. It comes out more like a croak. Steve reaches for the coffee in its bright red mug, holds it invitingly, nearly in reach, the scent of it tantalising Tony's nose, and damn, she needs to sit up if she wants coffee.
Steve lifts her easily onto the bed, turning back the covers and laying Tony back against the pillows; she rests a reassuring hand on the soft roundness of Tony’s tummy, rubbing, as she gets something out of the drawer. Tony blinks sleepily, her cheek resting on her hand and her body curling towards Steve’s, and Steve smiles softly.
'Steve,' Tony says loudly, and something in her chest is aching, it
‘THAT’S MY FRICKEN PENCIL!’
be allowed back.
‘Yeah,’ Steve murmurs, and she squeezes Tony’s hand a little. ‘Thank you, Tony.’
‘It’s a CatBearPuppy,’ Tony whispers, awed; and the CatBearPuppy smiles back at him in a friendly sort of way.
Clint flicks another piece of popcorn at her. Tony jumps, slightly guilty. ‘Stop being gross, Stark,’ he whines. ‘Quit thinking about sexytimes with Cap and start thinking about
She leans back, cautiously, so that she can just feel the hint of warmth from Steve’s arm, because that’s pretty acceptable, right, that’s okay, Steve’ll hardly notice.
When it’s time for Maggie to go, she gives Darcy a hug and a drops kisses on each of her cheeks. ‘Bye, darling girl,’ she says; and then she turns to Tony and Steve. ‘It was nice to meet you,’ she says, and she pats Tony’s shoulder; and Tony sighs happily at the touch and smiles softly up at her because she’s really nice.
There's a full sort of silence; and then Tony feels a knuckle touch her cheek, very gently. 'Are you sure?' Steve says quietly; and then, as Tony blinks at her, uncomprehending, she smiles down at Tony a little lopsidedly, straightening and standing up. 'Do you want to stay in bed a bit longer?'
But Thor seems to know what he means. 'I will see you around – little curly,' he says, grinning and ruffling Tony’s hair with a gentle hand. Tony
and Tony knows, she knows something’s going on and she is making a pre-New Year’s resolution to find out before Pepper goes home.
‘Do you wanna hold him?’ she whispers, and Tony looks at her, wide-eyed. Is Darcy really – is she really going to let him hold her special bear? Even though it’s her
, she needs more, and she pants into the smooth warm skin of Steve’s shoulder, sucking, then darts wildly down to Steve’s satiny nipple, kissing open-mouthed, warm and wet. Steve whimpers at that, high in her throat, her body going taut for an instant. And then – God,
She releases Tony’s hand and cups her mound lightly through the fabric, feeling it twitch and throb beneath the gentle touch. Tony’s fingers curl desperately for a moment, but then she whimpers in surrender and curls her arms around Steve’s neck again, burying her face in Steve’s skin and breathing shakily through it. ‘Colour?’ Steve checks after a moment, just to be sure.
. He squeezes back, and they walk hand in hand to class.
She clenches down involuntarily, feeling the stone shift inside her. ‘That’s it, darling,’ Steve murmurs, lips brushing her ear, and then her fingers dip lower, sliding against slick oversensitive nerve endings and between her folds and dipping inside her, chasing the heavy weight of the egg and moving gently inside her until Tony whimpers helplessly, shaking all over.
‘Tony
THERE IS NO BIRTHDAY YET. I’m sorry? Blame my
I’m sorry I didn’t update for so long, but things have been
Tony sucks in a deep breath. He thinks about Darcy hugging him and Steve fighting anyone who’s mean to him, to make himself braver. And then he gently pushes his curly pinky finger towards Clint, and says, very softly, ‘D’you want to be friends?’
well, Tony, you were such a good girl, you made me feel so good too, baby.’
‘Flowers are
And then Tony’s T-shirt is being yanked off, and Steve’s fingers are fumbling at her underwear and then it’s tossed across the room, and
The Stranger puts down his tool. And then, very, very slowly, he holds out his huge hand towards Tony, palm outwards and upwards. Tony watches him warily, baring his teeth a little, not yet a snarl but a warning. But the Stranger simply holds his hand there, waiting, waiting; and his knife is lying on the ground between them, and there is no threat in the lines of his body.
with it, this thing Steve does, when her eyes go so deep and earnest and she says these awful and wonderful things that rip Tony apart and make her whole, all at the same time. ‘Steve,’ she says helplessly, ‘Steve-’ and Steve kisses her softly on the corner of her mouth.
Tony stares at him, his mouth falling open in surprise. Clint’s looking small and hunched and lonely, and Tony suddenly has a funny kind of hurting in his chest, because Clint looks just like Tony feels sometimes. He’s always been a little bit afraid of Clint, but – but maybe, maybe Clint just wants friends, just like Tony wants friends.
‘I’m six!’ Tony whispers. ‘I’m six, I’m six!’ He reaches up and lifts Old-Bear carefully down from the shelf, and wraps his arms carefully around him and presses his face into Old-Bear’s threadbare tatty fur. He smells old and safe, and Tony breathes in a deep breath and hugs Old-Bear gently, and makes a secret, secret birthday wish.
And Tony nestles into the soft skin of Steve’s shoulder, wrung out and exhausted and content, and sleeps.
Mr Karolidis looks at him sharply from under his bushy, bushy eyebrows. ‘Ah, a cupcake!’ he says. ‘A cupcake, hm.’ He has a pink flowery tea towel over his shoulder. Steve watches him levelly, and Mr Karolidis watches right back with a little quirk forming at the leathery corner of his mouth. ‘For a special girlfriend, maybe?’ he adds inquisitively, and Steve feels suddenly hot all over, hot and worried and defensive.
uses too many words, why can’t she shut up already, she’s going to make Steve cry again, she’s making a mess of it already.
bruised heart.
He releases Steve’s hand reluctantly and watches as Steve goes to drag the deer closer. Then Steve looks up and smiles at him, and sits down next to Tony in the skins, close enough that his thigh touches Tony’s cheek – and oh, that’s better, that’s much better. Tony sighs in relief and turns his face to nestle against Steve’s leg, sleepily watching what Steve’s doing until he dozes off again.
‘Made it for you,’ he says gruffly, and Tony looks at him. He’s got two little dimples that keep appearing at the corners of his mouth, and Steve thinks that he has never seen anyone with such pretty dimples as Tony has. It’s funny.
‘Love you,’ she whispers. Her voice is tiny and small against Steve’s skin, but she knows Steve is listening, Steve will hear her. Steve will always listen for her, no matter how small her voice is, or even if she can’t make herself speak at all. Her fingers are still curled around Steve’s smooth warm breast, and she strokes her nipple again. It’s hard, so hard, and Steve makes a shuddery breathy, sound, her whole body shifting as though she can’t help herself.
The classroom environment I’ve written here is heavily influenced by my own experience going to primary school in Australia – and also my experiences with the kids at the school where I now work. Write what you know, yeah. :) I’ve tried to keep the terminology neutral so it doesn’t jar with anyone, but if there’s anything that glaringly stands out to you, please let me know!
, everywhere, touching, exploring, cupping, kneading gently at the softness of Tony’s breasts, tracing the mass of scarring in between them. Tony squirms ecstatically into the touch, tugging at Steve’s shirt, because she needs Steve’s skin against hers, she
‘What do you want, Tony?’ Steve murmurs into her ear, and Tony gulps and burrows her head down. Steve waits patiently, smoothing her thumb into the little strip of skin showing between Tony’s shirt and panties, feeling her body quiver.
, the way he touches Tony and never harms him, even though he’s so much bigger and Tony’s hurt and useless and not good for anything. He
‘Food’s ready,’ Steve says, and Tony gulps and comes abruptly out of the pictures in his head. Steve is scooping something out of the cooking container into two smaller bark bowls. The smell wafts through the small space, rich and good, and when Steve offers him one of the bowls, Tony grabs it with eager hands.
Tony shifts his arm so he can peek up sideways at Steve. ‘Really?’ he whispers.
And Steve collapses on the grass.
And then she thinks, shit,
Steve goes on stroking her hair, one-handed, her fingers raking soothingly through Tony’s curls. Tony leans into the touch, just a very little, taking Steve’s damaged hand carefully in her own, cradling it as she starts to clean it up as well.
s–’ Tony starts to say, triumphant, but then a large warm hand comes over her mouth and she squawks indignantly.
' Steve rasps, and she slams forward and Tony grabs her and then Steve's face is mashed into her chest, Steve's whole body trembling against her. Tony wraps her arms tightly around Steve's shoulders, as tightly as she can, and then Steve's trembling turns into shaking and then, shitshitshit, Steve is crying, deep slow wracking sobs into Tony's chest, as though she's trying her hardest to stop but just
Then she reaches down between Tony’s parted thighs. It’s swift enough that Tony doesn’t anticipate the gentle press of Steve’s fingertips against the soft mound of her centre. Light as the touch is, it’s electric; Tony stiffens and arches in Steve’s arms, her hands slipping on Steve’s shoulders, pressing frantically up against the touch.
Tony tips his head to one side in confusion. How are the fire and Tony the same, both pretty? But Steve is crinkling his eyes at him, and Steve gets to his feet, drawing himself up to his magnificent height and offering his hands to Tony to help him up. When he’s standing, Steve wraps the softest deerskin snug around Tony’s shoulders and then simply lifts him up like a little baby, tucking Tony into the crook of his arm.
‘So, so,’ Tony blurts out, ‘I mean. You’re – I, are we, like – friends?’
‘Tony’s
now.’
oh God, Tony,
Tony is quiet and good, holding herself still while Steve eases the lacy little pants down and off. The triangle between her legs is thatched with soft dark curls that Steve loves to pet and play with; she laces her fingers through them, circling but never reaching the sweet spot where Tony is aching to be touched.
Something clinks softly on the nightstand, snapping her out of it before she can panic too much. 'Brought you coffee,' says Steve, and there's a pause and a gentle hand on Tony's shoulder through the covers. 'You okay?'
, Tony, you’re so,’ Steve says; her voice is rough and strange and she breaks off whatever she was going to say with a little breathless cracked laugh. ‘You’re so… I should. I should go.’ She hesitates, and then she’s reaching out, and touching a knuckle very gently to Tony’s cheek before she strides away.
Steve's moving – Steve's
, now what happens, she knew it, she always ruins everything, absolutely everything. ‘Sorry,’ she says quickly, miserably, ‘that was weird, don’t know why I said that, just ignore me.’
Steve’s face – Steve’s face is really
Tony goes very still, stopping his toy car where it’s been quietly driving along the edge of the tablecloth. A birthday party? Whose birthday? Darcy’s already had her birthday. Maggie called his Mom! He looks at Mom with wide eyes.
that she was more like Steve, the sort of normal kind
My original
, that we’re friends,’ he says emphatically, and Clint nods.
Steve smiles and leans down to kiss her forehead. ‘Brave girl,’ she praises, and Tony smiles drowsily, reaching up to touch Steve’s breast, so soft and pale. It’s nice that Steve isn’t wearing any clothes.
She stares down at the surface of the bench, trying to bring it back into focus, hands gripping too tightly to the edge. Her eyes are blurry and sore, and there's a dull thudding in her ears and a big stinging lump in her throat that she can't swallow down.
Steve’s collarbones to her face, Steve smiles a bit. Tony thinks she probably gets stars in her eyes every time Steve smiles at her, and this time – well. Steve’s eyes are blue, blue like, well, the sky – and her eyelashes are still a bit damp, clinging together in the sweetest little spikes, and her mouth is soft and so terribly kissable. Tony takes a deep breath and nibbles her lip. ‘I’m – yeah,’ she stumbles, and God, why? Why can’t she just be smooth and charming with Steve – hell, even just
She winds her fingers shyly around Steve’s, looking up at Steve’s face. ‘Just good feelings?’ she whispers.
And now Steve’s lips are moving, and she’s saying something that Tony can’t hear over the panicked white noise her brain’s making. What, what is Steve saying? Tony’s hands are clenching and unclenching at her sides and she
'I'm sorry, I'm so – s-sorry,’ Tony chokes at last – pathetic –
‘It’s okay, I gotta friend who can push us!’ Darcy urges, dragging Tony by the hand. ‘He’s big. C’mon, c’mon, we gotta get there first!’
, making flower crowns, and soon Tony is giggling and trying to wind the little flower stems together like she shows them, and he can’t remember why he was so scared before.
Three soft thuds on the floor later, and she actually cries out in relief as Steve’s skin is finally pressed against her, warm and soft and solid, and Steve’s thigh is between hers, rocking, and Steve’s hand is gently cupping the naked crease of Tony’s backside, her fingers working a little. Tony cries out again, and again, little sharp cries, involuntary; her hands are finally,
Steve smiles just a little bit, down at the batter. ‘Yeah,’ he says quietly, and Mr Karolidis’s hand comes and rests on his shoulder for moment, warm and reassuring.
for her to feel like bursting into tears. She pushes her face into Steve’s shoulder and squeezes her eyes shut, and breathes through it, and Steve holds her.
her, she loves her so very much.
I’m sorry, I wanna stay, please, Ms Potts?’
Clint reaches even further over, so that Tony’s nearly scared he’s going to fall right off, and points at a flat bit near the top of Tony’s building. ‘Whassat?’
But Steve doesn’t seem to mind, she just holds her closer and whispers, ‘Tony, Tony,’ into her hair, and kisses Tony’s temple and strokes her back soothingly. And everything’s bright and spinning and beautiful, and Tony lets herself believe, just this once, that it’s going to be okay.
When they get to the picnic grounds, the first thing Tony sees is balloons. Floaty red and gold balloons, tied on long strings to weights on the four corners of a big picnic blanket. There’s people there already – lots of people, it seems like, and as Tony slips out of the car, something goes watery and terrified in his stomach, and he feels suddenly, frighteningly, like crying. He can’t – he doesn’t know them… what if they hate him? What if they – what if they…?
, but it’s not like Tony’s sick anymore.
, after all. Nothing can beat that.)
stay there and listen to Steve’s voice. God, she’d
But. But, Steve still doesn't seem to mind, and Tony notices that Steve's brought one of Tony's tablets and left it angled on the table, just in easy reaching distance – and it's so very soft and warm under the dark blue sheets, and they still smell faintly, comfortingly, like Steve. And hey, Tony's only human. She snuggles gladly back down with a sigh, reaching for the tablet. 'Mm.'
Tony sniffles into Darcy’s soft round shoulder. He just wants
‘I gotta sleep,’ Steve yawns. ‘So tired I could drop,’ and there’s that Steve-ness, that command, because everyone forgets about the snogging and starts standing up and saying they’re going to bed too, and seriously, why don’t they listen to Tony like that, it’s her house after all.
Ms Potts looks at all of them, at Tony’s trembling lip, Justin’s gleeful smile, Steve’s scowl, and closes her eyes for a moment, in a pained sort of way. ‘Okay,’ she says after a moment, ‘I think I’m going to have to separate you.’
Darcy’s Mamá’s eyes are like twinkly laughing stars. ‘Pleased to meet you, Tony and Steve,’ she says, smiling down at them. ‘I’m Maggie. Darcy’s told me all about you, Tony.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Tony!’ Steve bursts in like a storm, glancing urgently around till she sees Tony at the bench, striding over. ‘Oh, my God, Tony, you can’t – don’t
and calm, like she’s pledging an oath or something, and Rhodey is meeting Steve’s eyes with a long steady look over the top of Tony’s head. Steve’s arms are very gentle around Tony’s body, and her hands are curled around her waist and chest, one thumb stroking tiny unobtrusive circles against the underside of Tony’s breast.
with her, God she just, she just hates herself sometimes – ‘M’c-crying all over – over y-you, I should – go, just, let me,’ she snuffles, but her hands and body don’t want to let go of Steve, and Steve just holds her tighter and it feels like the only thing that’s stopping her from breaking up into tiny pieces.
there’s stupid tear-tracks down her cheeks, making dirty marks because she’s covered in grease. And she opens her mouth to try and say something normal, and nothing will come out except that she makes this awful, terrible little sniffling noise.
she is! She always does, and so do you! Don’t tell me you didn’t know that.’
Next chapter: Tony’s birthday! Also, for reference
soon (fingers crossed)!
, she has the softest teddy and mums who make cupcakes with her and take her on picnics. But Darcy is really nice, she deserves nice things. He sighs a little bit, softly, and puts some more tape on the plane’s engine to make sure it doesn’t fall off.
And it’s really stupid that there’s a big hard lump thing in Tony’s throat just now, and that her eyes are going all blinky, because there’s no goddamn
, and maybe Dad won’t be there but he’ll still have a party! On his birthday!
it would be to nuzzle into Steve’s neck, breathe in the Steve-scent, lick at Steve’s pulse with the tip of her tongue.
'Oh, my God,
It feels so good to be cuddled between his two
,’ and she’s kissing Tony’s forehead and holding her safe in the curve of one arm, Steve’s firm gentle fingers moving in a steady circling caress that makes Tony choke out wordlessly, her back arching as she chases the frantic lovely feeling of it. And Steve holds her and touches her, moving and moving and
The shower-bath is large and luxurious. Steve sets Tony down on the broad counter, smiling down at her as she turns to turn on the water. Then she reaches out and skims her hands down Tony’s sides. ‘Arms up for me, sweetheart,’ she murmurs, and when Tony obediently does as she’s told, she’s rewarded by a kiss on the nose. ‘That’s my good girl,’ Steve says warmly.
Tony shudders at the touch, a whole-body shudder, and then her mouth finds Steve’s, warm and open and deep, and oh, this is so much better than anything she could have imagined, Steve’s fingers stroking and exploring her back while Steve’s tongue slides softly across the delicate skin of her lips. Tony’s fingers fumble at Steve’s uniform, God, why is it so much in the way, why are there so many
But Steve only touches Tony’s dark hair, softly, taking a curl between two fingers and rubbing. His fingers stroke the curl behind Tony’s ear, and then move to his face. Tony holds his breath, wide-eyed, as Steve’s thumb brushes very gently over his cheek, his jaw, his chin.
Tony really,
at the bear on her lap, wondering what it would be like to hold.
, let her in then, we’ll do it,’ and something inside of her is cringing, flinching, because getting a breakup letter is one thing – when she actually gets to reading it – but talking, talking
It's a mess. There's an upturned chair with a missing leg, a big gaping fist-sized smash in the wall. Broken glass spreading out across the floor, mingled with bruised iris stalks and crushed flowers: a smashed vase. The water has splashed all up the wall. The bedcovers and sheets are wildly strewn, half trailed off the bed, and Steve herself is kind of pitifully tangled up in them, curled up in a ball on the floor.
, it makes something hurt beneath Tony’s breastbone, a deep kind of ache, painful but
, stupid bloodstains all over her jeans and warm stickiness down her leg and it’s just
There is evidence to show that Neanderthals might have cooked using birch bark containers over their fires. They didn’t have pottery or iron, but probably used bark, wood, stone and shells to make containers and implements.
He does a few strokes, and wow, it’s so
but it won’t, it…
I’ve marked this as 1/1 chapters because it works as a complete story, but I *ahem* may possibly have Plans for continuing this fic. Anyone interested in soft caveman bunny kisses? Steve gently licking Tony’s face?
‘He ain’t
Justin only ever does anything when Steve’s over on the other side of the room. Tony’s not sure why, but he thinks it’s because Steve likes fighting. Steve would probably fight Justin Hammer and kick his butt, just because it was a good excuse, even though he’s not specially friends with Tony. That’s just the sort of thing Steve does.
Maggie laughs. ‘Do you?’ she asks Tony, and her voice is so gentle and warm that it makes Tony inch forward a little and nod. And so Maggie reaches out her arms and gives him a quick warm hug, and Tony hugs back and somehow there’s a big sort of lump in his throat. Maggie’s hug is like – like when his mom hugs him, except that hardly ever happens any more now he’s big. It’s a
, Steve down in her workshop where Steve definitely shouldn’t be, why has JARVIS let her in, and, shit, this is the most embarrassing moment of Tony’s life, this is like seriously,
Steve doesn’t have to know that Tony’s sort of fallen in love with her. It’s completely and utterly hopeless, of course, Tony knows that, but that doesn’t mean she can’t sit close into Steve’s warmth and
He doesn’t want one!
‘As a thankyou,’ Steve goes on softly, and then she bites her lip, ‘and. And because – well, I really do think you’re pretty great.’
‘Stoppit,’ Darcy pokes Natasha in her tummy, which Tony thinks is a very brave thing to do. ‘Don’t be mean to Tony. He’s my
it couldn’t ever actually be a thing, she’s so stupid, it would hurt so much
Tony comes awake feeling safe and comfortable, warm arms circled around him. He blinks his eyes open and looks directly into someone else’s blue ones.
‘Just need to get your wet little panties off,’ she says, patting Tony’s rear. ‘Stay still for me, baby.’
Darcy sticks out her tongue at him, and Tony giggles and snuggles between them. And Darcy puts her bear in his lap to hold again, and Steve very carefully smooths one of Tony’s curls with his finger, and Tony feels like he could burst with happiness.
’ And Steve’s hand disappears from Tony’s back, and Tony hears him jumping up, quite as if he’s going to march off right then and there and start kicking Justin Hammer’s butt on suspicion alone.
‘Tony Tony,’ she says soothingly, up and down, and Tony gulps.
When they do Numbers, Tony finishes his really fast, because Numbers are easy peasy. He wants to draw a picture for Darcy, so he gets a big piece of white paper from the paper box and spreads it carefully out on the desk.
thought that Dad might be able to come to his birthday this year. But then last night Dad had said he was going away for four weeks, and – and – Tony’s not
It’s a big gash, slit across the huge calloused palm of Steve’s hand, but half healed, the edges clean and scabbed over.
If Dad comes, maybe – maybe Tony could show him the special thing he’s been working on in his room. It’s a remote control car, with a real circuit board and everything, and Tony’s nearly finished and it’s going to go so good. Maybe Dad will like it so much that he’ll even come and play catch with Tony afterwards. They’d done that once, when Tony was smaller, and it had been just the
with that, that kind of sincerity, cause, yeah, wow. Her mouth keeps opening and shutting.
The other bear is very old. It belonged to Tony’s Dad, when he was little, which makes Tony feel funny, because he can’t imagine Dad ever being little and playing with bears and toys and things. Old-Bear is a little bit threadbare at the edges, and sits on the shelf usually, watching the room with a kind, tired face. Tony doesn’t think he’s supposed to really play with Old-Bear, so he just leaves him on the shelf mostly and talks to him sometimes, in his head.
I like you best,’ he says quietly, and his eyes are big and soft again and his eyelashes are long and curly and still damp with tears. He gives Steve’s shoulder a soft little pat, and Steve sighs out in wobbly relief. He gives Tony a tentative smile, and Tony sniffles happily and squeezes Steve’s hand.
Tony untenses, because it sounds like Steve’s going to be okay. She gentles her hold on Steve’s bruised shoulder, though, reaching to find Steve’s right hand and pull it gently forwards so she can see. The knuckles are broken all the way across, but considering the smash in the wall, that’s not a surprise. Tony cradles it tenderly; Steve’s hand is larger than hers, beautifully shaped with a square capable palm and long fingers, and it feels surprisingly soft. Next to it, Tony’s own looks small and wiry and brown, nail-bitten and slightly chapped.
‘Tony likes hugs,’ Darcy says to her Mamá, and Tony looks at her sideways, hopeful.
‘Yeah.’ Darcy nods firmly. Then she says, ‘Hey, if I draw you a giant metal fire gorilla, can you draw me a cool robot with Darcy written on it?’
