He creates a routine of going everyday to have dinner at Baker Street after work to avoid being at the house, occupied by its real owner for weeks now. The renovations have started, and the flat is a mess. During the day the noise is almost unbearable, so Sherlock has taken to have long walks to run away from it. Today the evening is very pleasant, and Joyce had told him Rosie hasn't been in a good mood, so John suggests they meet at Regent's park to take the edge off her.
I'll stop promising dates. But I hope next chapter is up soon. Talk to me on tumblr! username thanks-mike-stamford.
He steps into John's space, clutching at John's shoulders. John moves to hold him at the waist. They hear voices in the corridor. George had locked the door from inside after all. He's not expecting anything, and it's fine, really, but Sherlock murmurs 'I love you too.' close to his ear before moving away to open the front door. John just rests against the glass panel, arms crossed and a tiny smile in his face, watching Sherlock do his thing.
'I will not. I'll sleep right here, and you'll be able to explore the rest of the house if you want. I even hung more rope with a cork stopper tied to it under the kitchen table. You'll be entertained for hours.'
At lunchtime he gets the tube to Baker Street. Nothing in the morning could have diminished his good humour. Even when a boy bumped on him and didn't excuse himself he just let it pass, albeit usually he would be pissed. He stops at Speedy's and buys two sandwiches for him and Sherlock, and while waiting for them he puts his phone on silent. No crazy wives this afternoon, he just wants to relax.
‘Stop calling him “this" it’s a good start, since he is a person.’ she replies in a neutral tone, and he supposes they are on trouble territory again. ‘You said you were trying to hold back. Have you felt like this before?’
Sherlock lied too. In huge proportions. Not about his past, you see, but his future. Which figures, future is not predictable isn't it? Anything could happen. And it changed for him, bringing Sherlock back. Even if he wasn't really dead, he'd been gone for John. John practically felt like dying too.
'That's the problem.' she snorts at him. 'You don't even realise there's an issue here! It's always been like that. Ok, ' she raises her hands 'I'll give in for you. I'll explain. You cannot forget I am your wife. The mother of your daughter. I am your priority. So think about my feelings before doing potential harmful things for everyone.'
'They obviously know the optimal times to turn it on.' And the muscle of his thigh contracts against John's. 'Also, the editing of shows like this are crucial. The most important part of tv I'd say.'
Rosie's room is very weird. He doesn't want to think about it, but her old rattle keeps jumping from the toy box, and it's very unnerving. It's been hours since they arrived, but he still can't place where the walls are. He can see the orange waves of heat, and the melting wallpaper, but he can't touch it.
the day he does a break in, the suspect in question decides to pay a visit to the property. Of all the ones he used in the scheme, he
John gapes at him for a long moment, and drops his eyes to the album in his hand. It was hidden in a box at the top of their wardrobe. He didn't remember it being there yesterday, so he took it out to check what it was. Turns out Sherlock had rescued it. He opens it and flicks over some pages. There is her all over the place, but he also can see Molly, Greg, Mrs. Hudson. One picture shows Janine with Sherlock. Chief bridesmaid and best man. He still can't fathom how they became a thing, even if it was for a case.
He approached slowly once again, kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and just stayed there, his lips locked with the smooth skin and his nose sort of immersed in his cheek. He felt the detective closing his eyes by the flipping of eyelashes against the side of his own face. Then a thought crossed his mind, an old desire that had taunted him day and night. He changed the location of his nose from Sherlock’s cheek to his neck. Oh, now that was a nice place to bury himself and die in peace, and going by Sherlock’s shudders and the tight embrace he created, he agreed as well. The glorious neck. So long…
'He was playing with strange things in the kitchen.' she whispers to them as they put the hats on. 'Here the candles, I'll go up first!'
The challenging is, of course, the fact that everyday at 10:27pm until dawn, John becomes a blond cat. And not even a sentient human cat, but a purely feline one. His human mentality completely leaves him. Sherlock had asked if he remembers the logic in the mornings.
'Well, he did go to our wedding. If I cared he wouldn't have been invited. He's a nice guy.' he puts away his coat, noticing she's a bit sweaty at her brow.
Sherlock stays where he is, but splays a hand on John's thigh. 'Stop apologising, we talked about it. Do we really need it? I'm liking… just this'
Mrs. Hudson seems obviously skeptical, but shrugs. 'Ok, then. Please take care. We'll have a nice evening together, aren't we?' she turns to talk to Rosie in a baby speak.
'Sorry.' he steps away from her, avoiding eye contact. 'Tired. I just remembered something in my email-' he leaves the room quickly before he starts yelling.
Mary shrugs, the sides of her mouth pulling down for a moment to match her shoulders. 'I haven't seen her in three months.'
The other ones. The one Mary put there. The ones from his time away whose existence John is barely aware.
He checks Sherlock's radio clock on the bedside table. 10am. Christ. He lies down again, scrubbing his face, trying to chase away the dizzy sensation of sleep.
'Yeah, screw that, don't pretend you are not deep inside the situation. And they want you to go on a mission in Eastern Europe
'Quite happy.' Sherlock raises an eyebrow to him. 'Anna said that you wouldn't shut up about him at home.'
Calling Cynthia Lavalle is only the first of his concerns. Now, there's a number of people who need to be contacted immediately, so he has to prioritise the order. As usual, Rosie Watson comes at the top.
He descends the stairs two steps at time, not stopping to put on his coat. It doesn't seem like John has tried to follow him, which stings a bit but he knows he wouldn't filter whatever would come out of his mouth, so it's probably better this way. He had been depressed before, but it wasn't anything like it, he is so angry and so humiliated he wants to disappear.
They shake hands, Sherlock making a point of being without his glove, which suddenly brings John back to the first day, when he gave Harry's phone to him, causing their hands to touch minimally, and all the sparkles that he felt on that moment.
Not betaed, not britpicked, not first language, any mistakes feel free to point them out and explain!
She drove to Springbrook Road and dumped the corpse out of view. It was late, so she decided to park at the All Saints Cemetery and sleep there.
They smile softly at nothing. Sherlock thinks her ceiling is the most interesting thing. The dose makes him feel like just after waking up, the drowsy sensation that you could rest your eyes five more minutes before coming to full awakeness. It's quite comfortable. 'We could play something.'
'You're free to help yourself.' Sherlock replies. He then bundles up on John, with his legs still over John's lap, holding one square of chocolate to his mouth. 'Try it. It's 65%.'
'Some plants have indoor preferences, you thing. And Rosie would appreciate going out for a stroll.'
He refrains from answering, knowing it wouldn't be less than a snap, but pockets his phone. He checks the window just in time the neighbor and her son are arriving together. He seems way better, but John can't really bring himself to care. He goes to the sofa fetch his own laptop. He doesn't have the guts to post again on his blog. In fact, last time it has been updated was during his honeymoon, by Sherlock himself. He remembers just observing Sherlock's interaction with the blog readers, until he said "John would ask me if he was here" and he had to turn off his phone to hold back calling the madman.
'So, Mary.' Sherlock starts diplomatically, holding his hands behind his back and nudging John to move with his shoulder. He decides to make tea. 'What brings you here?'
Two officials take Aadhya side by side. Her wrists are locked in handcuffs behind her back and she walks to the special police forces car with her chin up, regarding everyone as if they don't worth the dust beneath her feet.
'Yeah, won't lie, it was pretty terrible. I barely arrived home, in tears, and my husband only complained I didn't take something he asked, I don't remember well. It was when I realized that our marriage had always been about him - what he wanted, how he wanted, what would I do to help him. So I reported him to the authorities.'
'I will be arranging everything from here John, do not concern yourself. I'll have personal staff watching her room.' in fact he sees Anthea and a man that looks like a guard hovering a bit away.
Indeed, in 15 minutes the shovel finally hits hard wood. 'Oh my god.' he whimpers in relief. He runs to take out the remaining thick of it, and the coffin is uncovered. Lucky him, it's not a heavy fancy casket. A closed coffin makes more sense given the nature of the death. The corpse must have not been a suitable sight for anyone but the mortician. That means the lid, however, only opens completely, which is inconvenient for him to sit on top of it.
He doesn't know how to tell him. He doesn't know if he will understand, or if he will believe in John. Of course more people know about these things, Mrs. Hudson had been a surprise, but then, lots of people just keep the knowledge an understandable secret. And even if he tells him, or better,
Sherlock is quite a physical person, he finds out. Again, the signs were all there for him to deduce it. He uses his whole body during an investigation. He observes, he touches, he smells, he even tastes when applied. Having his whole attention focused on him is overwhelming at times but also… exciting, in a way. John feels like a mold culture in a petri dish, and damned him but he finds this a bit hot.
He takes a deep breath and calculates the words. ‘I find this new development in our relationship has awakened some irrational reactions I have been trying to hold back.’ he winces at how he sounds like Sherlock. Ella notices, by the raised eyebrow, but does not point it out.
this for god's sake? Alcohol, in a good measure, lowers his inhibitions, gives a different glow to people who otherwise wouldn't look much enticing, and lifts marginally his mood. A couple pints are enough to feel nice. While he thinks smoking is vile, he admits that a bit of naswar to smooth incoming hangover felt pleasant on the handful of times he did that in Afghanistan.
'I lived in many countries, you know?' she puts her elbows on the table and supports her chin on her hands. 'I have many stories to tell. You could just ask.'
There's dried blood on the floor, and something smells foul. Sherlock is awkwardly locked up on the floor. He releases his hands with pliers someone passes to him, they look a roughed up and a purpleish. Head and pupils checked over, he doesn't seem to have a concussion, but he is very hot to the touch. He finds the source of both blood and odour: a very infected wound on his thigh. There's also urine under him, making his trousers humid.
She hums, thoughtful. 'I have a deck, but I usually play bridge. Do you know a game for two players?'
'Ye-es.' he can hear the frown, his tone now suspicious. 'Their mother left them and is going to pick them up on Sunday. Why?'
The man steps quickly out of the car, and they both help to carry her inside of the of the sedan. She stomps to the far side of him, making clear she doesn’t want him near. She’s also crying silently, holding her belly. The driver is fast in taking them out of there. John starts to text Sherlock to warn him. ‘Where are we going?’ he asks the man at the front.
He does a breathing exercise for ten seconds, and Anna looks at him with disdain while he's at it. 'The ultrasound.' he manages.
The USB stick arrives somewhere by the end of November, early in the morning. Sherlock, not really being a morning person if he doesn't have an interesting case on, is lounging on his armchair draped in his white sheet (pants on, by previous agreement), trying to not look sulky while sporting a crumpled pillow face and disarranged frizzy curls. Rosie had decided to wake up before dawn, refusing to settle down again.
They can't camp on 221B forever. John posts a quick update on his blog saying how they had needed to get away for awhile after the bombings, but they are back and their inbox is open for new cases. Amidst all the usual boring cheating spouses and misplaced belongings, the melting laptop one catches Sherlock's attention.
John steps in to occupy his space, holding Sherlock's waist with his arms. He immediately responds by resting both his hands on John's chest. 'You are the best human being I've ever met.' he says nuzzling his nose over Sherlock's, who clutches his shoulders, and kisses his cheek.
John stops bringing a piece of toast to his mouth and wonders if eating now means discussion. He puts it back on his plate.
He's not lying. It doesn't. There's nothing else to add against Anna, because he was over her for a long time now.
He obeys, dreading the moment. He has zero experience with proper break-ups, but he supposes this is gonna be it. He sits on his chair, and to his awe instead of just doing the same, John pushes his own chair forward, so it's quite close to Sherlock. He holds his breath as John finally sits, and their knees are tangled.
She still is hard to give in, but eventually Sherlock manages to put her to sleep. Perhaps a nap will improve her mood. John is in their living room when he comes downstairs. He has a duffle bag by his feet.
He goes to the bathroom. While removing his clothes he fishes his phone out of his pocket. He stares at it for a moment and decides to turn it off. He doesn't want the real world. He had been waiting for the mess to finish, but certainly not like this. He remembers coming back to the flat when Sherlock was at the hospital, questioning himself if he really wanted a child.
Sherlock has been indexing his shirts by colour palettes for the past hour in their bedroom, but the door is open. As he sits Rosie on the toilet step stool, Sherlock appears hovering over his shoulder, probably having heard him. The two of them stay still, hardly breathing.
Sherlock sits and of course doesn't even offer help to put the table. John organizes the plates and the potatoes dish. Green beans are already in place when he sees Anna bringing a casserole with Shepherd's pie. Sherlock absolutely hates Shepherd's pie. John looks at him. He's sporting an acute poker face.
So, first, he needs to check if it's still inside the baby monitor box on the top shelf. Issue: how to get there without announcing his intentions to Brent Sullivan, since he has nothing to aid him to reach the top shelf, situated a good meter from his head. Second, he needs to leave the closet and ambush the guy. Issue: he had his own gun pointed at Sherlock right now, the timing has to be precise so Brent doesn't panic shoot him. He also can't take too long, otherwise Brent has funny ideas on how to gather information from Sherlock.
They stay in silence for a bit. Sherlock picks at his waist absent-mindly. 'You're tense.' he murmurs.
Sherlock cleans his throat. 'While I do enjoy dealing with meliants, and hate bureaucracy at the same amount, Rosie is priority.'
And David. She had said they dated briefly before she came to live in London. He supposes it was a hint about this marriage that he didn’t question him going to the wedding. He remembers him starting a hug motion towards Anna and then stepping back as if thinking it through. Sherlock doesn’t have much tact about people’s sentiment, but he is usually very observant about this kind of signs. He suspected David still nurtured feelings towards her since the beginning. He probably had been counting on that when he contacted him.
who you are! Do you know her latest abilities? Do you have any idea of what she can do by herself, what she eats, the words she manages to say?'
They are talking over the details when the car stops. John finally looks up, glancing around nervously. Sherlock pays the driver, removes his coat and throws it over John's head. They walk inside together.
Also, a considerable number of people can testify to her lack of presence in the past year. Co-workers from the old clinic in Fulham, their neighbors, Watson's pediatrician, and even the babysitter who was left waiting with the then baby on the day she ran away from Brent Sullivan.
Mary was based in Ireland, with the occasional skip to Scotland, Wales and England's countryside. Apparently Moriarty already had London and big cities covered, but then, it didn't really surprise her. She set up a proper bank account, which received a more than adequate sum in a monthly basis. She had her beard job as usual, as a nurse at the local A&E. Every time a service coincided with day job an extra fare was delivered in her account.
John looked at her breasts briefly, like he couldn't help it. Good. 'Yeah. Well. I was quite close to my superior, James Sholto. I think he's Major now.' he said trying to look neutral but with a softness around his eyes.
Next he disattaches the pickaxe to put the shovel head in its place. Taking a deep breath, he starts digging. And digging, and digging. Nobody realises how much work it is to open a grave. He gets all sweaty and definitely itchy at his back. His face picks up the dust coming out of the exercise, and combines with the sweat dripping from his forehead, resulting in a disgusting muddy layer over his face. Sand and small pebbles manage to make their way inside his boots, scratching uncomfortably his feet.
She drops the smile. 'You don't decide whether I live or not with my daughter, John Watson.' she retorts, and he can't even recognise her anymore, with the new hair and new makeup and new clothes, and the face of someone who once held a gun to his face thanks to a smoke a mirrors trick by the one and only Sherlock Holmes. 'You went after me when I ran away to
The issue however is that Mycroft, despite basically being the government, cannot go over every single protocol existent. So other people had to be involved in the decision process of releasing said prisoner. And how the favour should be returned was up to them, so the transaction would avoid the official routes. And these high ranked government officials wanted Sherlock to do their dirty legwork in familiar land to him.
much better to just relive in his head the moments with Sherlock. Now that he has it, finally, he doesn’t want to let go. And he also can’t let go the fact that he
'Sherlock reacted poorly to Victor leaving. I can't attest, but I guess he tried to contact him for months. He was depressed and started using class A drugs. I don't think he started only then, but I'm sure he hadn't been using during the couple months I knew him. His social skills were worse than ever. Some talking about my promotion was developing in the corridors, so I gave him an ultimatum. He stopped using and I would put him on real cases.'
'Solving problems.' is the dry response. She maintains eye contact with Sherlock. 'Keeping my family out of trouble.'
'That's how I met Sherlock.' she continues, now with a warm smile. 'I don't know why he was in Florida of all places that year, I fancy it was fate! The americans didn't have enough evidence to convict my husband. I couldn't tell them everything because I was so involved I was afraid they would jail me too. And obviously he knew it was me who gave him away, so I was also scared of dying, and the feeling that I knew he would kill me out of spite, oh I asked myself why I ignored that for so long.'
It's a bit past 10pm already. He starts to get nervous. He finishes eating and is already washing his bowl at the sink when Sherlock comes behind him to kiss the back of his neck, while resting his huge hands (John might have a thing here but he's not ready to admit it) over his hips.
If he was very skeptical with all this scheme, now he feels more serene. He could see himself omitting the truth until Sherlock and Mycroft convinced Anna-Greta to leave England. He has been even sleeping better, with the boxing fatigue. He could continue the classes after he (temporarily) moved back, but perhaps he would need to search for a gym closer to the suburbs.
He touches the scar with the fingertip of his left hand. Curious how some scars are protuberant on the skin, and others not. In the end all of them are about pain. This one he can see perfectly fine, but touch alone doesn't identify it. If he closed his eyes the scar was invisible. It didn't exist. And yet the pain is imprinted in his brain.
She reclines in her seat while he's still shellshocked in place. 'And get on with it. We need to take her to lunch.'
Sherlock brings a large picnic towel to cover the ground so Rosie can crawl over it. John had no idea he even owned such a thing. But then, Sherlock also used to own a clown costume that he actually wore on a case. John has to remember to tell this story to her when she's older. They both sit down on the ground and Rosie gravitates between them. She lets out some whines from time to time, and then seems to forget it.
He looks around frantically. 'I'm.. having a bit of trouble defecating. Use the one upstairs.' he answers firmly.
Sherlock had also written a critical reply to the new crime harm index developed by Cambridge criminologists that actually got published in a journal. One of the team members of the project is a former Chief Constable of the Met, and he was furious enough to come to 221B yell at Sherlock. John put him in his place.
'Marmalade too?' John answers while putting the kettle to boil. He decides for coffee against tea. Sherlock rolls his eyes so dramatically John fancies he can hear it.
He doesn't update his blog anymore, but he created a forum for them so people could send their cases to be evaluated. Sherlock started to prepare several new monographs to post on his website, by John's encouragement. It turns out the hits received are bigger than ever. John is still trying to convince him to re-upload the tobacco ash analysis.
WARNING: there are some self-harm scenes that could be upsetting. All of them happen in the bathroom.
'Spectacle?' Sherlock pronounces the word angrily. 'Spectacle means someone should be watching. There was no one watching until you came without warning!'
Of course, going back so far in the suburbs and continuing working in Paddington means a burdensome commute. To his surprise though, upon leaving 221, Mary had walked them to her parked brand new silver Range Rover Discovery. He was shocked, but when questioned about the funds she had just shrugged
‘I—‘ he recalls their only try at sex, where she guided his hands all the time and lifted her shirt only for access to her breasts. He thinks how she used large clothes when Sherlock came to dinner, how she remained seated and quiet when Mycroft visited, how sometimes she moved too quickly when she wasn’t thinking about it, like the when they arrived at the tarmac that day. How every time they were too close she would be sideways to avoid touch. She never spoke of the baby moving, and she left the job at the clinic even if it wasn’t necessary. ‘Holy shit.’
He goes to safe distance from the plane. Anna holds his hand triumphally, still smiling, and in comparison to Sherlock she's so repulsive to him, but he lets her, he goddamn lets her because that's what he and Sherlock planned, and he had thought they would be together for him to bear, and now he foresees miserable months as the plane takes off.
'Let's start over, John.' she says suddenly, softly. 'Let's erase all this. Let's move somewhere else. Only us. Let's make plans! We never did it, we just went along with the moment, but we can do it now! I promise!'
'You don't have any messages from Sherlock, honey. Are you deleting them?' he is unable to read her face in the dark, but her tone requires caution.
I haven't been to tumblr much these past weeks, but you can talk to me over there, I'm thanks-mike-stamford.
'I have good news, if it comforts you.' he gives his phone back. 'I just came from Mycroft's office. We have enough evidence on Aadhya's activities on arms trafficking to take her to court.'
'This is a crucial decision, Detective Inspector.' Sherlock argues, leaning forward in his office chair. 'In fact, on our website there's a whole blog post about the difference between illegal and prescription drugs accidents, in which-'
He estimates it's about 3am when something wakes him up. At some point in the night he had rolled out from Sherlock, snuggling by his side. He listens carefully to determine what bothered him. He feels Sherlock twitching a bit where they are touching, and opens his eyes to look at him.
'Hi Mr. Watson, it's Joyce.' she says in a clear false cheer as soon as he takes the call. 'It's just that Rosie is still here and I have some errands to run...'
Sherlock frowns all the way to his nose. 'I texted you a lot. I even called you yesterday, to no avail.'
'John! You're okay?' Shannon asks him appearing a bit worried. He cleans the sweat in his brow with a washcloth.
The group was quite diverse. Standing out there were two huge black guys, probably african, who looked like twin brothers. They talked to each other in a low voice, and she identified a bit of portuguese. A slim citiboy lookalike didn't look up from his smartphone. There was a blond woman staring at her, probably checking the similarities between them, as she certainly was from East Europe. A bald and tattooed guy was so stereotypical she almost laughed. An indian woman with boyish hair (now
'We can definitely try that another day.' he forces what is supposed to be a cheeky smirk. 'But initially I don't sleep well in new environments, so we have to build up a bit on that.'
She sighs. 'I understand that you're worried, but everything is going to be all right, and you know it. I just, ' she turns of the tablet's screen. 'I've been passing through this alone. I didn't know if would come back. So, please? Please pay attention to this. Show you care. I know you're still a bit angry but I need this.'
'John, stop saying sorry all the time. Save it for when you can be really blamed for.' Sherlock chastises him, sounding a little annoyed, but John knows better. 'You told me in Baskerville, remember? Don't overdue your apologies.'
and John has to keep his gaze at the window to not punch her in the face. She speaks to the driver cheerfully about gas prices, even if he barely talks back. She comments how she watched Casablanca in teenage years and now tarmacs are associated with romantic scenes.
He doesn’t turn towards Anna-Greta, heavily pregnant beside him. Her voice is mocking and he doesn’t want to see the smugness on her face. 'You're always saying that people don't observe and you went beyond. You didn't even allow yourself to properly
After they came back from Morocco he and Mary were not on speaking terms, and it's been a couple weeks already. The strained silence and the mucking about the house purposefully to avoid touching or being in the same room made John brittle. She didn't bother apologizing and he wasn't going to ask.
So, of course, he googled Victor Trevor, who he suspected to be Sherlock's ex. Luckily it wasn't that common a name, and narrowing down to UK he found some facebook profiles. The one that struck him with more potential had been a certain Victor Trevor born two years before Sherlock, currently living in Dubai, ok, but had finished his studies in Cambridge around the time he was sure Sherlock was also there. He had a degree in History of Art, and apparently worked in a tea company. Right.
'Who knows. But we can't change the past, only the future.' they exchange incredulous stares. 'Yeah, I'm a bit tipsy already, but you see: Victor is not coming back. Sherlock had been so sure he wouldn't that he gave up. He liked him a lot, I give you that, but he moved worlds for you. He is actually
He looks around. Everything on his left is a bit of a blur. The window of the living room is there, but he can't see anything outside. Mary is sitting on the sofa, a gun in her hand. She smiles sweetly at him, just like their wedding day. When did that happen again?
'Ann-Mary. She is not who I thought. She is a completely different person and I only disclosed her a month into our marriage. She...' he searches for a proper word. 'lied and lied and lied. In huge proportions. I told her I had forgiven her but I can't. This will never work.'
'He's the most important person in the world to me.' John replies, knowing he's tipsy too, otherwise he would never say that aloud to someone else.
'He did say he was going to take my case, wasn't it, sweetheart?' she had pronounced with teary eyes and a fulfilled smile. 'We're safe now! Our daughter is safe!'
It's hardly the first time he's seen one of those cats, but for starters this one seems to be following him, which is never a good sign. He knows people who dealt with these cats before, and it never ended well. You want something to happen, but you're not very clear or pragmatic in your wording, or you don't really think about all the potential implications of what you want, or you don't consider that the means of this something happening are not exactly favourable.
Suddenly Sherlock's is a whirlwind as usual, dismissing his health condition and talking about Moriarty and pardoning. He and Anna follow him out of the plane, but Mycroft stops him before he leaves.
He hears a car coming down the road, and a second one, but just because he's paying attention. The shadow of an owl passes quickly by the window, looking like a ghost. He looks back at Brent, who is fuming but evidently doesn't know what to do next.
'Baker Street please.' he says. Sherlock raises his brow subtly but says nothing. 'Your brother said Anthea will watch her tonight.'
He takes the tube and a bus to get to the suburbs. Anna's car is parked outside, and he's surprised he had forgotten about that. He needs to organize the documentation and send to Mycroft so he can sell it too. He can't drive, and it's impossible to have a car in central London, so there's no point in keeping it.
He goes as far as opening the front door, when he hears a whisper behind him. He turns to look over his shoulder. Mrs. Hudson is at the door of her flat, motioning for him to come inside. He closes the front door and goes after her. They enter on 221A and she closes the door behind her. 'Come on dear, to the living room.'
'Like that would happen' she laughs. 'I'm happy! I'm already missing him. We are talking a lot more these days, you know?'
He delicately puts the violin back on the case, and closes the sheet notebook. He stands there, in the middle of the living room, not knowing what to do. John finally takes pity of him. 'Let's… sit? We need to talk.'
The git has the nerve to roll his eyes at him. 'I know that, John. It's the whole point of all the scheme.'
He wants to bang his head on the table. 'Don't remind me of that. I was torn during the whole thing.'
It then evolves to a midtempo, a rather sensual melody, and Sherlock closes his eyes seemingly spontaneous. John remembers it's the music he's seen him composing months ago, when he was still living with Anna. He actually gets worked up a bit, licking his lips while watching Sherlock in his most suave form, swaying gently to the tune, huge hands holding the instrument lovingly.
'Right now we are waiting for Mycroft. You can talk to her if you want to, I believe the sedatives for endoscopy are already off.'
'Ahn, "The problems of your past are your business, the problems of your future are my privilege". ' he reads aloud, evaluating it. 'Quite dramatic. That could be understood as I have the privilege to be with her in the future or-'
They relish in the companionable silence while they can until John gives up procrastinating and goes home with a heavy heart. When he is near his destiny his phone chimes with a text. He's ready for Sherlock's randomness, but it's an image from Greg. It's a photo from this afternoon, John and Sherlock with their comic birthday hats, each one in a side of the room apparently talking to other people but they are in fact looking at each other.
Pain frightens him. Torture is something he definitely doesn't want to revisit ever again. The prospectus of falling into this situation once more had been so pungent that when he was informed of the mission he should take up after murdering Magnussen, his first thought had been
* title is obviously based on the song Making love (out of nothing at all), from Air Supply. Very good song.
'Sherlock! You'd have to adapt your life!' he interrupts, throwing his hands in the air. 'You will have to order your stuff, clean the kitchen of experiments, deal with crying at ungodly hours and
For someone who thought he feared the war all those years ago, she seems to have improved a lot in her job in the meantime.
He closes his eyes and lets it linger. When Sherlock moves away, John clasps both his hands on the sides of his neck and pulls him back, planting several small kisses on him. 'Do you like tongue?' he asks with his eyes still closed.
It's the most awkward thing he's seen, Mary trying to feed the child. Rosie tries to evade the spoon, but ultimately accepts it, only to break into tears right after, spitting the food. Mary looks very alarmed. 'I didn't do anything, why are you crying?'.
So at night, when the lights are finally out and Mr. Clearwater is given an elephant dose of morphine to sleep (and John has been aware for a while that he does it on purpose), John looks up at the grey ceiling not holding back the tears that flood his eyes immediately, streaming down his face. He hiccups, forcingly keeping his mouth closed as his nose overworks to keep oxygen flowing in. He throws his clenched his fist over his face and cries for a long time, alone in the dark.
John turns to lie on his back and watches as Sherlock puts on pyjamas trousers. He himself hasn't bothered with clothes at night for weeks now, since he will lose them in the process anyway. Sherlock crawls back under the duvet, and they lay on their sides, looking at each other. Sherlock peeks over John's shoulder to the digital clock on the bedside table.
Since Mary Morstan never existed, his marriage is not valid. Falsified identity documentation is not foreseen on guides to fill a nullity petition, which makes quite difficult to answer the questions of the form they give to him. There should be an "Others" blank space option. How can he explain that his wife had a fake name and a not-so-former assassin career? It would be much easier to divorce under the justificative that she was abusive and violent.
It becomes sort of his new game, trying to find out what Sherlock likes. There is a subtle balance between the exhilarating feeling of thinking about the right question at the right moment, and the thrilling game of trying to guess by himself what is negative and what is a positive response.
Out of nowhere, John Watson gets Moriarty in a tight embrace, and tell Sherlock to run. It intensified her bad mood. Everyone in the world revolved around Sherlock fucking Holmes, was it? What was that special about him after all? Arrogant posh sod. She's seen a lot of those.
John understands why Sherlock avoided taking him to a hospital when he was drugged. If it found a way to his record, there would be an official inquiry at work, and he could lose his license. Molly's screen test had come back positive for LSD, so Sherlock's choice made sense, it's a narcotic that one can't do much beyond waiting for it to wane, and it doesn't leave traces on the organism. Too convenient for people to believe he hasn't been taking the stuff regularly.
'Please talk to me. Don't leave me out like this.' and there it is, the wobbly threat of tears, the very last thing Sherlock wants. The concept of John Watson crying is enough to distress him, seeing it right now… He doesn't really have enough energy left to deal with it.
But the detective seems unfazed. 'Honestly, John, do you believe I haven't considered all this? I planned your wedding from the bridesmaids' dresses to the folding napkins.'
'You ate it in two bites.' John looks up from the documents he's skimming, and frowns at him. 'Are you all right?'
'That's it. Notwithstanding, I can't prove it. Luckily for me, she has many flaws in her plan. First, she doesn't have the bargaining power Moriarty had. Or at least, not yet. Second, Moriarty commanded everything but he didn't get his hands dirty. I think the only crime he actually committed himself was the murder of Carl Powers. The combo of these circumstances was what made him so slippery. Aadhya, otherwise, came from below. Shouldn't be difficult to find something on her.'
John deflates, Anna raises her eyebrows but doesn't seem surprised. 'So soon? We didn't even have coffee!'
She raises one eyebrow, smirk playing at the edges of her lips. 'I'm not visiting. I live here. I want to know why my family is not at home anymore.'
'You're angry, I understand, but she can't do anything right now! You'll accomplish nothing from this! You'll hate yourself later!' John is not fighting him but he still very tensed up. 'And besides, Mycroft can't cover another murder without a reason. They will find out about your gun. Do you really want to go to jail
'So that's it then? I shouldn't be around so you can have fun with her?' he's aware he's already raising his voice.
John hadn't known how unhappy he had been until it was all given back to him. No, scratch that. John had been in a similar state when he came back to London, and Sherlock showed him the light. Sherlock had been everything he needed, even if it meant developing a kinda unhealthy relationship to him rather soon. John doesn't like to think of himself as co-dependent but… if someone makes your blood boil like you've never been alive before, you'd want to stay close to that person, wouldn't you?
'John, I don't want to press you, but your hour is almost up. Surely we can talk about this another day, but I'd like to understand what you're feeling.'
'I better be.' Sherlock giggles as John jumps on him. They move to the sofa to snog enthusiastically. John's bubble of happiness is safe until late afternoon, when Sherlock's mobile chimes with David's text.
He starts to say he doesn't want to ever look at her again, but he stops himself and nods at him. He needs to get it out of his system. If he was Sherlock he would probably want to know
'I'm here.' he murmurs, massaging the long hands to increase the blood flow. 'Everything will be ok.'
So............ yeah I know. But thing is, I don't have internet at home since the end of March, and the whole fic is on google docs. I'm posting this using the university wifi (ops). I'll try to post more frequently in these two weeks to compensate!
Her tone is apparently innocent but he knows better. 'Well, the video was a terrible joke from petty hackers. The man is dead, definitely. Sherlock said Mycroft is working on getting them on jail, and Sherlock has permission to investigate in London. Soon he will be exonerated, which is just a formality now.'
It's late afternoon, he hasn't stopped for lunch, and feels tired. All he wants is to lie down and be miserable about his life. He walks away from Hampstead after circling the blocks for forty minutes, not wanting to go back home having failed. It doesn't change anything, so eventually he gives up. He calculates in his head the pros and cons of getting a cab instead of the subway in rush hour, and decides that he is convalescent and depressed, he deserves to take a taxi today.
The tricky part is cleaning the blood from the carpet. Despite all the incidents that 221B took place, John is surprised to realise none of them involved people bleeding at them. Even when Moriarty paid Sherlock a visit the main activity was drinking tea and playing mysterious around terrible riddles.
'I have to go.' he murmurs against his Addam's apple. Sherlock locks his arms around his shoulder blades.
He chooses a modern waltz, with a woman actually singing over it, because he thinks it will be easier for John than a classical piece. The man himself is very attentive to follow his steps, which Sherlock finds quite endearing. He looks directly into Sherlock's eyes the whole time. Sherlock gently makes him spin from side to side, none of them really guiding. John rests his lips under Sherlock's jawline and murmurs 'I choose you.' until Sherlock releases his tight grip on him.
It's like the world is underwater. The house could be at the bottom of the ocean, where the water is so dark that the creatures below can't see others, can't see themselves even, and nothing good is supposed to be alive. One doesn't expect to be heard between drowning walls. It’s a heavy environment, to the point that any light disturbs him more than it’s alluring.
'Good for you then! Forgetting about the lies she told the newspapers about you.' he says sarcastically.
He sits in his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sherlock has been on observation for a few days now. After he left the hospital unsupervised his lungs almost failed, and he had to spend overnight in ventilators. Since he hadn't been even near of full recovery, residual blood had slipped in the space between his chest wall and his lungs, and made him short of breath for the whole time while John shouted at him and kicked furniture around.
He doesn't fully agree that the things happening are not his fault, but he accepts it. 'Ok.' Then he perceives the scene. They are both in the bathroom just after Sherlock takes a shower, and is currently in a semi-nakedness situation. He remembers thinking about what Janine had that he didn't. He takes a deep breath, gathering more courage than he would believe it was necessary, and stare right into Sherlock's eyes.
John hungs up for the millionth time, and for an instant he almost throws his phone away, but it's not like he can afford another one at the moment. Besides, he would be contacted at any minute. Should be. Mycroft can't ignore him forever. He could perfectly invade the Diogene's and yell to all customers his dieting habits and love for cakes if it was necessary.
At least involuntary smiles are bearable. A couple times while they were doing something together, like watching tv or wrapping up a case, John had felt his eyes dampening. He never went full crying mode, and he managed to suck up the tears before they fell off, but it's still humiliating to go around crying of joy.
'Recent studies showed evidences for positive effects of physical activity on mental health, and learning a new sport provides a distraction from mental illness. Also, exercises are very effective in improving concentration and overall cognitive function, which can be helpful if you are too stressed to concentrate. Specifically in martial arts case, psychologists have found positive correlations between practicing and lower levels of hostility. My recommendation is boxing because I'm familiar with its practising.'
is barotrauma. In the civilian world, it's more common in turbine related accidents, scuba diving, and altitude hiking, and most of the time it doesn't really lead to death. It happens due to a difference of pressure inside the body, by gas or fluid. Most people actually know the phenomenon, as they feel their eardrums acting up during a flight. The trick is to swallow anything, even saliva, and the pressure evens.
John gets up to pace around, turning this over his head. Surprisingly, Sherlock was quiet, letting him process the information.
He stares at the strong profile watching Rosie like a hawk, decides to put himself on the spot to make it even. 'I was deadly jealous of Irene Adler.'
John frowns sarcastically at him, even if it probably wasn't visible to the man. 'He's Sherlock Holmes, as you already stated. There's
'I don't have a love life, much less wild affairs.' he replies between gritted teeth. John aggressively drinks wine.
They let him do the procedure lying down, thank god, but he is still required to lift his arms and take a deep breath a few times. It's exhausting and painful. His head hurts like hell, and while he's being wheeled back to the shared room he was before, he touches the side of his face, finding bandages all over it that he hadn't noticed before, in addition to the ones at the extension of the left side of his body.
Anna has never been one for storming off or yell during a discussion. This is mostly John's department. He doesn't know if this a true characteristic or just part of her Mary Morstan persona. It doesn't matter, he knows better now. She's been acting as she always had, except John is not blind to her anymore. How he never realised she Is textbook manipulative is beyond him.
He drinks the rest of the coffee, now lukewarm. Sherlock is still talking on the phone. It occurs to him that Anna-Greta had also fooled the great Holmes brothers
We're starting the second part of this fic, where we have more Johnlock, less Mary, and Sherlock pov soon to come!
'I threw you at the floor.' John cuts him. 'I forced you on your back and took a beat at you. For the state of your scars you should have been a mess back then.'
The cat makes a clicking sound. John never owned a cat, but one of his highschool girlfriends did. Tessa hated communicating clearly what she wanted (pot and kettle he supposes), preferring talking indirectly around the subject, or giving long-suffering sighs when something was annoying her, and left him to find out what was the problem sometimes for days. But her parents worked in a hospital and were never home after school, which meant they could have a lot of fun at her house while being unsupervised.
There’s a shift and then she is looking intently at him. He stares back, not knowing what to do. After a moment she settles again with her back to him and proceeds to sleep. He turns off his phone, puts it under his pillow and follows suit.
John laughs, this time with joy. 'Can't say about that. I spent most of that day thinking about you, so.'
Mycroft joins him near the seat. He has that analytical face that always reminds John of the sanguine connection between the Holmes brothers. Sherlock opens his eyes abruptly and his pupils are
Greg holds the beer midway to his mouth in the air, frozen and staring at him, mouth agape. 'You're not kidding. This is not a joke.'
'I see lots with your profile around here. Feeling stressed, wanting to chill out. Boxing is great to do that.' she smiles at him. 'Just take care not to strain yourself ok?'
He watches Sherlock fixing more photos at the end of a line connected to Aadhya. A blond woman with East Europe features. Twin black guys. A bald dude with many tattoos that strikes John as very familiar, until he remembers he was the one talking to Mrs. Hudson the day Sherlock jumped, when John thought she had been shot. A slim young man he's sure he saw in Greg's department before. An asian girl who he swears is a kid and two other unremarkable blokes.
‘For go- my daughter! I thought she was going into early labour, but we still have some weeks to go. Is the baby all right?’
The detective gets his violin out of the case, and puts a three-page sheet on the music stand. He looks very shy, but keeps turned to John when he starts to play. It commences quite cheerful and youngish, then descends into an angry quick tune, passing for a slow sad melody. It returns to same melody from the beginning, but slowed down so it sounds like closure.
Right at the end of visiting time, when John doesn't think anyone else would try to come, Sarah arrives.
John quickly undresses to his vest and pants, and notices Sherlock is still wearing a towel around his hips and a t-shirt, looking ridiculous and a bit unsure about the proceedings. John feels like doing some blinking himself.
John's constant refusal to spend the night with Sherlock without a reasonable explanation is taking quite the toll. He knows the man is trying to connect the pieces of the puzzle, but without the proper data, a highly improbable one for that matter, John has no idea of what solution he will come up with.
He just makes sure he is in front of the right stone, and avoids at all costs thinking too much about the name and dates printed on the black marble. Kneeling down, he opens the suitcase, and collects a water bottle, pouring it over the space in front of the grave. He pats the sand to make sure the soil is not over saturated, and removes all the fake grass covering it. Luckily it doesn't seem to be clay, but he can't say that for sure when he is deep down.
The man just makes a "I don't know" face at him and starts talking to his colleague about something completely unrelated.
They push the bed covers with their feet, laying side by side, breathing into each other's air. John holds onto Sherlock's left thigh, thumb lightly brushing over the scar Todd Fuller put there with a fillet knife.
It was disconcerting when this need became bitterness, but he supposes his choices weren't the best to deal with the situation.
Sherlock wides his eyes at him. 'Oh but I did get away with it, if you are just aware of these two.'
'Well you never asked.' Sherlock frowns at him. 'And I'm telling now. I propose you rest today, go look for it if it interests you, and while that I'll write a script. Obviously you can't be accounted to do it on your own.'
They had blinked at her, who had more puree all over her face than in her mouth and looked very content about it. 'Did she say…?' John had started asking, but Sherlock was already running to the baby's development book, writing down "Watson".
'Yeah, ahn… do that, please.' John couldn't think for any reason to be there anymore. 'Thank you. I should go to your brother now.' he moves to pass by him, but Mycroft touches his shoulder with the black umbrella.
She looks at him weirdly startled, and rummages around the kitchen as if pursuing for something to do. 'Yeah, I suppose.'
He runs downstairs to drop the bag at the foyer and collect a bucket from under the kitchen counter. John is still in the same place, but looking around quickly, as if following a fly.
After scrutinising the carpet for a moment, he decides it looks safe enough to put Rosie on it with her toy giraffe. She bounces a bit and mouths the giraffe. He leaves her to it and goes to Sherlock's laptop. Sherlock always cleans his google search, so he finds nothing. The website's inbox has some new messages, but nothing he seemed to have taken up in the past week.
‘That's your plan then? Take my daughter away from me and go live a happy life with him? And I’d be happy off? Perhaps the chief bridesmaid of your wedding?’
He should have seen it coming from miles away. John has never been the most touchily-free person. None of his previous girlfriends had called him a romantic, or sweet, in fact, more than one considered him neglectful. They said he didn't really pay attention to them. He was accused a handful of times of only barely making an effort for the fun parts of being in a relationship and zero effort for the rest of it.
She laughs just once, the sound bitter. 'Well, fuck you and your space. I lost the baby before you were arsed to talk to me.'
'Remember I suggested a dinner to thank him? This is a perfect opportunity! A celebration dinner! Tomorrow night, what do you think?'
'Technically second. And many times jealousy isn't logical anyway. I just wanted to say that… I don't see myself going out there ever again, ok? I don't even entertain the possibility. I don't just say I love you to anyone.'
Diana is the morning receptionist of the clinic in Paddington, which is considerably bigger than his previous workplace. She's in her early twenties, bleaches her neck length hair and tends to be chatty about pretty much everything to anyone available to listen - he is never, for the record. John is aware she has a nose ring that is removed when she comes in and placed back at the end of the shift.
It hits him that if the manufactured story is already out in the press, some decision has been made regarding Sherlock. Sudden death wasn't it? It meant he wouldn't been charged! Perhaps Mycroft finally managed to cover the issue, and he's got no reason to withhold information from John anymore.
No wonder it was very easy for her to just shoot Sherlock that way - she's probably been waiting years for the opportunity.
He knows for sure Anna didn't have the pistol and the assassin garb with her, because he helped her to unpack when they moved in together. That he has no idea where she could have access to them is a bit frightening. It's fundamental he keeps an eye on her until Aadhya is out of the game.
'Let me do something.' Sherlock complains, John kisses the wrinkles on the top of his nose. 'I'm just lying here.'
'Yeah.' he then thinks about the strain he's been putting on himself, and how her advice could be more generally applied. 'Yes, you are right.'
'John, put that phone down for god's sake, he is going to call if he needs you.' she says without looking up from the tablet.
Sherlock sits straight, looking ahead. 'I was trying to identify the ones that prepared her for Dr. Coleman, who obviously was oblivious to her real situation. Doctor always come only at the end. In fact, I found out they removed her clothes with blood on them and also the… fake belly. It was all discarded.'
'Hey, what are you doing?' he exclaims indignantly, reaching for the device. She throws it on the duvet.
'You never let me try! You never really gave me a second chance! I'm just asking for this!' she starts to tear up and he has to look away. He shakes his head and she groans in frustration. 'I love you.' she says definitely crying now.
If before he felt uncomfortable being in Mary's house, now he feels oppressed. All her stuff is still here, since he doesn't want to deal with it, and doesn't want to think about it.
'Oh, yes. Not having finished my degree even after I came back from rehab the first time meant I couldn't properly be hired as a chemist. Had small jobs here and there, until Mycroft took pity on me living in a dumpster flat and managed to arrange a small assistant position for me in the MI6. Brainless boring tasks, they never let me in any real cases. I started a blog with my applied chemistry essays, just to have an escape from it. Also started using drugs again. I actually met Mrs. Hudson during that time, accompanying an agent to Florida. I helped her all by myself, going off-route on him. Eventually after coming back, I got enough of it and decided to end my contract and go freelance. I did it once, could do it again. Left pamphlets around and everything. But with no reliable income and a drug habit, you end up in a position where you can't pay rent anymore.'
'Despite the professional content of my website, and myself being the detective in charge, the interesting crimes are usually sent to John's blog.' he says around a mouthful of potatoes.
It takes some time but he starts to breath properly. His heart is still accelerated and his chest hurts like he was punched. He unconsciously turns off the shower, dries himself and gets dressed. He leaves the bathroom still floating in a cloud of uncertainty, so he doesn't spot the signs that Sherlock is still distracted and presumably stressed, but trying to conceal it of the world.
He sees her out. Anna is cleaning the coffee table when he comes back. She seems a bit stiff, and he wonders if he should ask. The woman had said she was an old friend, and she couldn't come to the wedding because she had been abroad. But he doesn't remember they discussing this friend, ever. She hadn't sent a telegram (Sherlock didn't read aloud most of them on the reception, but John did take them from him to read later). Anna haven't looked happy in any moment.
He feels excited and anxious for everything to be done already. The architect and responsible engineer had set a date two weeks from now, so they could prepare everything they needed. Rosie had mashed potatoes and meat puree earlier at dinner in Baker Street, but she still takes a bottle of formula before sleep. He makes her burp, and puts her in her cot. She is not a difficult sleeper anymore, and he is very glad for that. During the day they can be away from the house, and at night he just wants to settle and pretend he's sleeping somewhere else.
In the far wall of the room, set at the corner of the eye if he was sitting in the sofa, John created another cabinet. This one also in thick wood, but closer to a reddish tone, with copper door knobs. The design mixed classic and modern, with carved drawings representing abstract things he didn't know how to put in words. The exterior was carefully polished. The interior had some shelves and drawers, and a rack with empty hangers.
, but not knowing what. He felt a bit hollow after talking to her, so he invited Sherlock to come by and check if Rosie also smiled to him (she did).
'Look,' Sherlock sighs. 'If you want to live somewhere else I'll help you anyway. It's a small flat and I'm a difficult person to live with. But it's no trouble, really.' he's not looking at John as he speaks, who can't not gape at this wonderful human being wriggling his toes at his stomach.
It's not Mycroft, but one of his minions, who delivers a small envelope in his hand and leaves without a word, to which John just raises one eyebrow. The envelope is addressed to him, and the USB stick is inside. He sits Rosie on the high chair with her giraffe and her toy piano, and she proceeds to smash it randomly to produce noise. Sherlock has been setting up his laptop, and it is ready for them when he sits down beside him.
And even if he fancies that her behaviour that actually put her in a bad path, it keeps coming to memory Sherlock, still in a hospital bed mind you, reading that she had been one of Moriarty's snipers - she was the one who shot the blind old woman and she was at the pool - in different minor circumstances, she would have put a bullet in John's skull. She would have watched him blow up.
Sherlock is at the reception and the nurses walking by are glaring at him, so John just pulls him lightly by the sleeve of the coat to the entrance of the hospital. He keeps doing this until he spots the driver who took him, resting against the car and smoking. The moment he sees them both he enters the car and turn it on, leaving the back door open. They climb it just after him.
He considers this for a moment. 'I know. I believe you.' he really does. 'It doesn't matter, honestly.'
And Sherlock, how would he be with a child? The flat is quite dangerous. Perhaps if he organized a bit more…
He sits down close, while Sherlock positions himself better in the bed. John passes him the notepad.
Her flat is smaller than 221B. They need to cross the kitchen to get to the living room. Sherlock hears from afar the front door of the building opening and closing. John must have gone looking for him after all. He sits at Mrs. Hudson sofa, practically burying himself in the furniture, since it was way softer than the one upstairs. She brings him a plate of chocolate digestives. He grabs a handful of them and stashes in his mouth.
Which makes everything less complicated. He'd been lying to himself for a long time, judgement clouded by the decisions he took while in grief. Now that the truth hit him in the face, he could properly entertain the insecurities he had.
'You're not doing it right then.' Sherlock replies calmly for the first time since the conversation began. 'Everyone loves to see the worst in me. You are always the first to point it out. But John… he sees the best in me. A part I didn't believe it existed for a long time. Don't tell me this is wrong.'
It was never going to work, for starters. John has been in denial about this since the feeling first arose, when Mary admitted not liking the moustache. The awareness of this feeling has been buried deep inside him, showing its ugly head from time to time. The first time Mary left, to pursue Ajay, John felt so relieved that he was right she would run, that she would refuse help from Sherlock, that she would leave Rosie behind.
He gets closer to inspect the cat tree. The cushion on the bed is screwed in the wood, so it doesn't fall. He moves to do what Sherlock asked. Not only there are several plush and silicone made little toys, but also a super premium type of dry cat food and some sachets of wet food. He whistles. 'Someone is having a nice dinner. Is this salmon?'
'Brent Sullivan was caught they day you left.' he recites in monotone. She just hums, sounding uninterested. 'Did you know?'
Sherlock comes into the kitchen and hugs him from behind, crossing his arms over his shoulders. He plants a long kiss on John's nape, which is quite lovely, so he shivers all over. 'I have something to show you.' he murmurs against his neck, and releases him. They return to the living room, where Sherlock motions for him to sit on his chair.
John makes tea for them and sits heavily on his chair facing Sherlock when he's done. They sip in silence.
think about the detective, because that leads to idiot moony faces, which Anna will scent like the devil and press him until he says something.
He's not expecting the cleaning spree will last long. The point has been that now 221B is ready to be messed up again from square 1.
His back is full of scars. Old ones he's sure he's never seen before. Scratch that, he's sure they weren't
They quietly watch open a hole in the sand and bury the bucket in it. Without warning, Sherlock dips his head and gives a lingering peck on his lips. John wants badly to entangle himself all over him, but he would never in public, and Sherlock knows that, so he swiftly settles back against John't arm still around his waist.
‘Yes. They obviously still have a strong connection after everything, why would she invite an ex to her wedding? And he’s clearly eager for something if it doesn’t work out even if I
He spent weeks to no end thinking the worst thing he would have to do was pretend to forgive Anna-Greta. Just a couple hours ago he had felt like vomiting while hugging her, thinking how past bad Christmas couldn't hold a candle to this one. All of that seems shallow right now, as he is left behind, watching they getting Sherlock into a car and leaving.
'Do you miss someone from the Army?' she asked with a soft smile and open expression, watching him squirm subtly in his seat.
'Well, I think you're lying. You know where she is, she would have told you.' he holds the gun more firmly, raising again at eye level. 'If you don't spill it out I'll have to take you with me.'
'You don't understand anything.' he definitely doesn't keep his voice down. 'I don't want you here, if I could never see your stupid face or your pathetic boring clinic again I would jump in
He twists his face to accept the kiss, but moves away soon. Sherlock frowns. 'Want to come to my room?'
'Show me.' John beams at him, releasing his feet and getting up. It's in a folder, and John had rightfully called a project, because Sherlock had indeed planned for long-term, with spreadsheets, lists, charts and diagrams. It includes how they would accommodate her in the flat, and the changes in furniture until she went to college, and also their time-table around her before and after nursery and during school, and how much money they would need, and many other things John himself hadn't considered before.
Being back at 221B by himself after almost three years is strange and yet reminiscent of those times John still can't bring himself to talk about. Funny thing that, considering he's been living a hell of a lie since then. No, Sherlock is not dead, no Mary is not her real name, no he didn't marry a fucking normal person.
When Sherlock finally comes back, Rosie is almost dozing in his arms, and he feels clear-headed for the first time since he left for work this morning. He sits in his armchair, motions for Sherlock to do the same.
She smiles to herself, as if reminding of other memories she wouldn't say aloud. John lets her be, and tries to imagine a younger version of her and Sherlock.
The inserts about an inch of the object in her rectum. Whines are full complaints now, and she pumps her tight fists on the table surface. 'Yes, that will be the Watson temper talking.' he addresses, focused on the small screen reading. The thermometer finally beeps, showing 37.8 °C. 'Not a fever but higher than it should, uhm?'.
He settles his hands on Sherlock's waist, stands on tiptoes and kisses him. Sherlock responds putting his arms around John's neck, and isn't it the loveliest thing. John is absolutely ecstatic when the kiss evolves to a full snog. He recedes an inch. 'Can we lie down?'
He closes the office door behind him, and hearing the front door also closing he slips out through the back door that goes to the spiral staircase, straight to the living room. The door from the foyer remains locked from the inside when he has a client, for safety measures. He gets the call.
'Noted.' John replies with a smirk. 'By the way. I don't want end up in a situation where I press anything. So you don't… ever?'
'Who is him?' and how did you two meet, how did you know you fancied him, how long did you stay together, why was it over, where is him now, but John finds it very hard to project his voice right now.
'When we finally got rid of a problem another comes.' he says while falling on the sofa. Sherlock comes to sit next to him.
'Until it came the day that he asked me to deliver some papers to a guy, who got very angry. I don't even know what they were about, but the guy beat me anyway.'
He takes a little agenda out of his pocket. 'Eszter Agnes, divorced. Anna-Greta's younger sister and only family alive still in Hungary. I finally managed to contact her. She had disappeared from the files because of a change in her surname, but she she's been using her maiden name again since last year.'
Sherlock, on the other hand, has always been intrigued by the man. David slinks at the corners of his Mind Palace like a piece of a puzzle he doesn't know the full picture. Why does the man still nurture feelings for Mary? She by all means seems to be the one who left him. Then, why does she keep him around? If she is so friendly, bordering on cosy, why did she break up with him at all?
Hence, the wedding had been filled with Anna’s guests. Basically, everyone from the clinic. Dolores and a woman from the cleaning staff were bridesmaids. Janine, that she had known for less than a year, and how they met John doesn’t have the single idea. The other people were completely strangers to him, and now that he puts some thought in it, they were probably to her too.
'You must at least celebrate, John!' she is adamant on convincing him. 'I'm sure you haven't been irresponsible with your finances, you'll be fine.'
comes up behind his eyes. He tries to control the bile that creeps up his throat and kisses her back. It's been months. She lifts the hem of her t-shirt just enough and guides one his hands to her breasts, and the other one inside her pyjama trousers.
find out about her. Magnussen she could deal with. Lots of people dealt with him, lots of people wanted to see him dead. She probably had currency to exchange with him. But me? I would tell you for sure. She didn't want my help, because the secret wasn't about her past, it was about the present she wanted to maintain. She has been active in murder for hire and whatever crimes since the beginning. That was the whole point of Magnussen.'
He finishes typing the directions to Sherlock very anxiously. He doesn’t really register the route they are taking and suddenly they are in a hospital. Paramedics appear to put Anna in a wheelchair, and John explains at the reception what happened. They take her away and he’s left instructions to wait in another room not at the hall.
two of us.' he uses the hand securing the man's short hair to scratch the face on the floor a bit. 'By the way, I don't appreciate you threatening him, just be warned.'
, and John saves the lunch plate at the last second, but not before some of it flies to his (and her) face.
'I DON-I don't want a biscuit, thank you Mrs. Hudson.' he turns to the fireplace, listening to her leaving the room while muttering. He waits for Sherlock's remark.
Sherlock looked very dangerous and much like his old self. 'Oh, I have an idea for that. Don't worry'.
'Dr. Watson.' Mycroft's voice reverberates through the car. The turns down the volume a bit with a wince. 'To what do I owe you the pleasure?'
'Tell me about your love life. Bet you have some wild affairs to recount!' she says mischievously. John wants to bang his head on the table.
'Actually, I don't know where she is, as I told you before. As to how she left unnoticed, she's a professional assassin with international reputation, I'm sure she knows how to disappear in public.'
He covers the body under his, kissing his jawline. Sherlock holds him tight, arms across his back. 'Let me. I've been wanting
'I have been watching the house since I found out her address. I never saw her leaving today, how is it that you know where she is?' he says waving the revolver around. Sherlock followed it with his eyes.
He trembles with the sudden wish of punching her teeth in, and clutches the wheel to cram it up. The car is still parked and he doesn't remember if his ticket time is over.
He supposes it makes him a crap person, but he tries to keep his relationship with Sarah out of convenience if anything. He knows that
'That's great, I've got you. Now you stay exactly where you are, I'll be there soon. Please keep talking. What are you feeling?' he drums his fingers on his thigh, wishing they could beat the traffic faster.
The difference is that at the time John didn't know such a human being existed. He had thought he was doomed to a mediocre life and lukewarm relationships. He was shown he could do so much better, and then a psychopath jerk took it away from him. John had seen it coming, this Moriarty fella stealing Sherlock's attention, involving him in a dangerous game for everyone.
Ella raises her eyebrows at him, but she doesn't look impressed. 'Pregnancy doesn't stop you from ending a marriage. Do you think the child will help to straighten your relationship up?'
'Perhaps she thinks Anna covered her past? So she doesn't need to worry?' John suggests, still flabbergasted at the pictures in front of him. All those people probably held him at gunpoint in some moment of the past. Moriarty's special snipers team.
'First, as you're probably aware, Magnussen died instantly. We searched Appledore up and down. There are no documented files on… Mrs. Watson. ' he acknowledges her with a neutral expression. 'We also inspected security cameras in his building and you haven't been recorded in any of them. So you can cease your distress on that regard.' Mary doesn't respond, but John feels the satisfaction emanating from her miles away.
'Obviously you already know.' he mutters. 'You know what? I'd prefer if you were with me if you don't mind.'
Sherlock, impatient as always, lumps forward to get to his feet. John is still angled down and he sees the flashes of white. 'Sherlock, what is that on your back?'
was the owner, a citizen from Brussels of all places, that looked exactly like a brunette Mary Watson. Of course.
When he arrives at 221B Sherlock is peeking at his microscope. There's a nasty purple and yellow substance on the surface of the slides near it. There's also a moleskine at his elbow, where he is apparently taking notes. John perches on the chair and kisses his hair. 'What is that thing?'
He drunkenly watches nothing, or the alcohol creates abstract images in the living room. He vaguely remembers his stag night, but there were more giggles on that occasion. There were giggles, period.
They are in the dark themselves. Since the bedroom is at the back of the building, street lights don't really reach inside, and the neighbours' windows have their curtains fastened, hopefully also in slumber.
How would it be, he, Sherlock, and a child!, at 221B? He hasn't talked to Sherlock about this. Is it too soon? Because the due date is almost knocking at his door. He has to acclimatize. They both have.
. 'I wouldn't want to cook everyday, but once in a while it's good to save some money and sodium intake.' he adds, not wanting to say "I know you like this kind of food and I'm more than willing to cater to you right now." because what does this even mean?
John smirked and pulled Sherlock to himself, making him almost horizontal in the air and at the proper angle to be looked at from above. So beautiful. He encircled the detective completely and gave him a proper snog, to which Sherlock retributed enthusiastically.
George produces a small bottle of pepper spray from his jacket pocket. 'It's not murder if it's an accident. Now, I'm-
The day after he only has to go to the surgery in the afternoon, and Anna has a lunch appointment with Janine, therefore he leaves early to Baker Street with a bag containing his things so he can go to work directly from there. They also are meeting with David this morning, something with a weird feeling he cannot categorize.
He just lies on top of the duvet looking at the ceiling. Every now and then he moves a little, of course a human body is not able to sustain the same position for long periods of time. His lacerated side still hurts a bit, which constrains the positions he's able to pull off. Sometimes he closes his eyes, being still for so long makes your body start to trick you into sleep. But as soon as he starts to drift, the pool explodes behind his eyelids, so no luck on that. He is left staring into empty space.
They only talked to each other about Rosie, and every interaction was functional. Two nights ago he had fallen into temptation and texted
And he hasn't really started to think about the months he would have to spend living with her. Again.
John looks very much like he would gladly be swallowed by the ground. Sherlock just taps his fingers on his own leg, patiently. John sighs. 'I can't hide anything from you, can I? Ok, I tell you about him.'
, right over the scar and the nail dents. Sherlock makes a soft sound again at the back of his throat.
He moans to the ceiling. 'But I'm not using my nails!'. He drops to his back on the sofa, to make his point more dramatically. 'I'll just make a bit of pressure.'
will convince Anna to get away from the country, never come back, and leave our daughter with me, just so?’
It looks so intimate, so fond, that he turns off the screen with his heart hammering against his chest. He arrives home, takes a shower and changes into pyjamas. Anna is reading a book already in bed. He slides beside her and they both set to sleep.
'Sure.' Sherlock answers dryly after a huge swallow. John refills his own glass because apparently it's going to be a long night.
Mycroft approaches him, stern image in place. There's a tall blonde by his side, typing hurriedly in her Blackberry. 'Doctor Watson, Robin will take you and your wife home.' He starts to leave.
'Ah, well, you know, we were all brothers in arms, cliché and everything' he told looking at the table, his mouth doing funny moves.
'So Sherlock,' she initiates the conversation, seeming unaware of the general wariness in the air. 'You're free to come and go now. Any plans? Open your website inbox again for criminals?'
However, she chose the unbelievably worst way to deal with it. Not only hiding, but actively ready to murder to prevent John knowing she was - oh, the irony, a murderer.
while Mary slept beside him, all the way across the bed. The danger made his lower belly flutter with desire to
Sherlock appears again fully dressed to leave. 'It just crossed my mind that you could possibly not want my presence while dealing with marriage issues, will that be a problem?'
He is told to wait for a panda car, for Keona's security and also so he doesn't warn Todd Fuller off. They find his picture on the archives, he has one physical altercation with a police officer and two sexual assault incidents on his history. One of the victims was a minor at the time. A car goes to his registered address, and another to Keona's house, with John in tow. He hears Greg's voice on the radio saying a team was checking the today's CCTV footage close to both locations and also the hotels where Keona had stayed in.
He looks at John, holding himself at military stance, gun unwavering. John catches his eyes, and mouths 'Ok?', to which Sherlock lifts the corner of his mouth and rolls his eyes, making John scoff slightly, as if he's trying to take this seriously. Sherlock mouths back 'Not good?', and John shakes his head just once.
'This is not like that. Mycroft guaranteed the mission is not a veiled punishment. It's not supposed to take more than a month.'
Sherlock comes to the living room and crouches in front of Rosie. 'I do get hurt a lot. See this?' he shows his fingers to her, some of them have patches of discoloured skin. 'Acid burns. That's why you should always have gloves when working with chemicals.'
He doesn't ask what she means, but only because he doesn't know how to answer. So he leaves the room, and this time he knows he's finished with her.
Mycroft looks up. 'Ah, John. I've come to take Sherlock's things. I'm sorry we couldn't talk earlier.'
WARNING: there's a brief conversation about miscarriage here ok? I think it can be upsetting for some people.
He ended up sprawled on the floor, coughing, trembling from the cold, attempting not to acknowledge the tears running to the drain with the soap, like the fool he was.
She spent the night planning everything. The next day she went to the clinic just to quit, and the rest of the day was dedicated to pack everything - not much, since she traveled a lot. Tuesday morning she rent a car first thing and left for Wisconsin. It was an eight-hours road trip, maybe a bit more.
'Well, he was one of creepiest persons I've known.' he opts for a facetious tone. 'Quite nightmare material.' Sherlock snorts at this.
Sherlock is grooming his hair in front of where allegedly there's a mirror. 'Go away!' he roars. It reverberates and makes the flat shake. Sherlock is not looking at them, threading his fingers through his curls, but Mary stares right after, he sees it coming, she points the gun at him and pulls the trigger, the shot is loud at his ears but he tackles her down and he can't open his eyes-
He counts from 1 to 10. 'Nothing. Nevermind.' he murmurs to himself, pockets his phone sitting on the nightstand, gets a pillow, a duvet, and the baby's monitor, and leaves closing the door quietly.
John is idling looking at the crime section of the newspaper, out of years' habit. Gruesome murder always improves everyone's mood, including himself, even if he has better social tact than to admit that aloud.
He hears fumbling with keys. It takes a long minute, but his on phone pings with the notification. He pinpoints where John is, and informs the driver.
and hangs up on him. He takes a deep breath before excusing himself to Mrs. Weible, but goes to reception to get the file.
'But I didn't. I could have died many times before. I could have taken Hope's pill, but you were there, as you are here now.'
Considering he emptied his inbox in the first two days in Brighton, work wasn't looking favourably to him. He has some plans to occupy him time for some weeks, but for that he needs money. So when the thirty-something lawyer Keona Douglas came by Baker Street with a real case, he accepted immediately.
‘But you are not giving her the choice. You are basically threatening her in expense of a kid because of her past!’
She's not smiling anymore. She tilts her head, exactly like Moriarty used to, which unnerves Sherlock. Moriarty was a spider, but Mary Morstan had been a snake wearing fox skin. The layers were complex for Sherlock to fully understand, considering his limitations in social norms and people's comportment. There was something wrong…
with her new boyfriend and poisoned them against me. They never want to visit me and I can't just go there every weekend.'
After a whole week avoiding Sherlock's bedroom, he enters, fully equipped with cleaning material, and closes the door behind him. Sherlock's room is surprisingly neat for someone who lets their living room in such a state that it is possible to hide stuff in plain sight and nobody will notice it.
didn't know how to dispose of it to make his house safe, Mary however, apparently has no qualms about making herself the safer one, so he wouldn't be surprised if she had it hidden somewhere in the house.
Sherlock is at his normal spot, in front of the window, back to the living room entrance. He’s wearing his client clothes except for his jacket, which means Janine hasn’t arrived yet. He is completely absorbed in playing the instrument. The music is not something John has ever heard him playing, or anything of the kind. It’s a midtempo, with a hidden note of something so very provocative the hair in his nape prickled. Suddenly he stops to write something at the sheet by his side. Oh, then.
He registers the very faint sound of someone stopping in front of the closed living room door. The doorhand starts to turn very slowly. He gets up quietly, quickly checking around for weapons. John's gun is not at the flat. There is the the knife on the mantle. Before he can get there, Anna opens the door and aims a familiar gun with a silencer at him.
That night the news anchor informs them that the court for Aadhya's case is confirmed. Anna is forever silent and John's thoughts are miles away. When they climb the bed couple hours after, John's phone already turned off and under his pillow, she says in a murmur:
Sherlock nods, so he delicately pushes him to the bed, pulling the duvet back over them. They get as close as possible to each other in the middle of the bed, intertwining legs and holding each other tight, kissing deep and slowly. John's heart is hammering against his chest, he prays hard that he doesn't die right here. He buries his hand in Sherlock's glorious curls and moans himself in pleasure of the sensation, making Sherlock shiver all over. He ventures his other hand under Sherlock's shirt, savouring all the silky skin.
He didn't. Holmes didn't run and Watson released Moriarty. She could only watch, completely perplexed, as the "dynamic duo" agreed to die by shooting the detonators. Apparently Moriarty wasn't the only one insane in the room.
'Yeah, leave that part for me, Sherl.' she cuts, beaming at Sherlock. John clenches his fists, almost tearing the paper bag. 'And now I don't owe you a dance anymore, but feel free to ask.' she finishes with a wink (!!!) to him. 'John, I'm sorry for your situation. I hope I'll be able to help. Everything's gonna be all-right.' she adds to him in a second thought.
She settles for baking apparently, as she gets flour, butter and eggs and put on the counter. 'Well...' she says considering. 'I did some research. I quite liked Skyler.'
He just waves to the horrified mother and follows him. They end up giving up on the slide due to a bunch of older kids jumping around it, and it's probably not safe for still toddler Rosie, who is perfectly content sitting on the sandbox with a toy shovel and bucket. They sit on a bench right in front of it to watch her.
The next night Shannon explains how he uses a sandbag. Basically he needs to treat it like an opponent, and delivers attacks as he would in a real person. He goes over the few techniques he knows, trying to remember his lessons.
He puts the hold back in place and calls Mary on his mobile. It goes straight to voicemail. There is no point in fretting over that right now, so he calls Sherlock next.
He searches the area around the Janus Cars company. He goes back to the planetarium, even buys a ticket to enter but as soon as the supernova projection starts he nopes out. He visits the neighbourhood where Alex Woodbridge lived, and the Hickman Gallery, and the Thames banks area where his body was found.
Three months and once more, no news from Mary. The GPS tracker had been confiscated by Mycroft and co., so he has no idea if they know her whereabouts. He assumes they'll do the courtesy of warning him if she's in London. Two weeks ago her car was found near Swansea, in a parking lot. John is unable to get too tranquil, since she has been gone for longer periods of time before, and had still come back to torment them. Every day that passes he breathes a little easier, and keeps hoping it lasts.
He opts for a side-blog. He chooses a different domain from his main one, and sets it up around eating his sandwich. He calls himself Scott in the profile. He proceeds to erase all the activity from the browser's history before going back to work.
Mycroft speaks to her in hungarian, John idly wonders when did he learn this language. She replies, and he notices that while her face resembles Anna-Greta, her voice is quite different, more low-tuned and husky.
'Which doesn't answer my question.' he replies from under his teeth. Rosie has already drifted back to the lava lamp. 'I clearly remember the album being at the house, which I
Sherlock cleans his throat. 'To be honest I'm not sure if she even remembers you, but you did place a bomb in her car, that alone warrants someone to flee.'
John ruminates the thought for a while. 'Well, if she runs away, I don't have any responsibility for her decisions. I promised protection if she stayed, but that was not enough for her.'
'Mary tried to kill Sherlock yesterday, she was also the one who shot him months ago, her name is in fact Anna-Greta, she wasn't really pregnant and she's going to a prison in Hungary right now.'
John grins, chest full of love for this charming madman. 'Any chance we can have some fun before 10pm?'
Today has been a good day, though. He had given an advance notice for the clinic, and has contacted the jobs Sherlock listed for him. He is going to have two interviews next week. Also, Rosie has said her first word today.
'Please do.' he answers. Then he builds courage out of whatever, goes up on tiptoes and kisses Sherlock's cheek. When he draws back to his feet the detective's face is painted in a violent shade of red. He looks to the pavement. 'Good-night.'
For all purposes, Sherlock is again his inspiration. Hating dealing with hierarchy and bureaucracy, he creates a brand new profession and self-employs. This is not an easy road for anyone, even for brilliant mad gorgeous geniuses like him.
) every once in a while, he ignores it. Right now all he has to do is don't let Watson scratch her arm, and make her interested in the drawing sheet of paper the cafe equipped them with.
'Not really. We were… good. Very good.' he says, sheepish. John's demeanour changes immediately. "Ah. He's jealous. Change approach." 'I found out his father had been involved in a criminal organization in the past. I was always suspicious that a country lawyer was so wealthy where no inheritance had place. You could say it was my first case.'
Sherlock doesn't answer, but grips John's sides. The stay awake, breathing each other, for a long time.
'Charismatic, you'd say.' Greg looks thoughtful. 'We barely spoke to each other. But Sherlock was better at being sociable when he was around. And he seemed happy. Until Trevor senior died and everything went to shit.'
'Excellent.' he murmurs distractedly, checking off some bullet points from his spreadsheet. John peeks over, and there's also a rating system for a list of foods for each month until the one year old mark.
He goes back and kneels between Sherlock's legs, taking his hands between his own, and also kissing them. 'You are not alone.' he says while pressing Sherlock's hands to his mouth. 'We are fixing this. Nothing bad will happen to you. This is
'John.' Sherlock gives him a look that he hopes expresses his unconcern for the matter. 'You're a fortysomething with erectile dysfunction probably linked to anxiety scenarios and the preconceived notion of ideal male performance formed in your teenage years, it's completely expected that the elements of the vicious cycle combined generate episodes of passive-aggressiveness towards the issue, but honestly yesterday you accepted quite well the change of strategy and accomplished in bringing a very pleasurable experience.'
He turns from the melting ceiling to Sherlock, who looks back at him. 'I don't understand. Why is she so explicit now? With all the money income, and badmouthing me and drugging me? What's that supposed to accomplish?'
'Mycroft is here.' she informs the wall of silence, as if it's important information for him. The last alive person on Earth he would like to see is Mycroft. Scratch that, perhaps it's Sarah.
Watson is acting cranky because of the jab she took earlier. She had whimpered a bit during the procedure, but what appears to be bothering her the most is the residual arm pain. He focuses on distracting her so the conversation between her father and the lawyer is not interrupted, but he's trying not to dwell on the fact that he's the one who needs a distraction.
He comprehends she’s talking about him being a father. ‘I think I’m getting there. I still don’t know how to proceed in general but I don’t panic anymore when I think about it.’
'Are you really going to try that again?' John asks, putting everything back into his first aid kit. 'Doesn't seem prudent.'
'Hello, miss thing!' he scoops her up and receives a wet kiss at the side of the nose for his trouble. 'What did you say? Mail?'
He thinks about it for a moment, recalling Moriarty, and Irene (still stings, he notices), and Patrick the bartender, and Janine - on his bloody wedding! ‘All the time. All the
She holds his face and presses their lips together, lightly at first then pushing her tongue between the seam.
Sherlock looks back at Rosie, brushes a lint on her baby suit. John closes his eyes for a second, inhaling sharply. 'Sorry. But honestly, I don't trust Mary and I don't fancy having people looking for our house and making Rosie vulnerable. And I may be an idiot but she's not, she knows her steps and won't divulge any of them.'
A fortnight after they arrived in Brighton they finally receive the call from Mycroft, who also unblocked Sherlock's phone number, telling them the situation is cleared. Mrs. Hudson would be in a train the morning after, and a car would pick them up just after lunch. Rosie has a bottle, the adults treat themselves to bolognese lasagna and garlic bread, and a single glass of wine each.
There's a drawer in the special cabinet John keeps in his mind bungalow that he detests to open. This time, however, when he once again crosses the room directly to the corner ignoring the sofa, he pulls it wide. Inside a handkerchief stained with blood and an envelope signed "to Dr. and Mrs. Watson" in fancy handwriting stand out among other things. Just beside them the deposits a paper card that resembles a print screen from a message app that reads "Dinner here, wednesday 19 pm".
Getting up two flights of stairs is a bit hard, and John sits on the floor as Sherlock uncovers his face, and puts away his coat. He throws some pillows on John's direction, in case he wants to lie down. He quickly puts up Rosie's stuff in a nappy bag. He fishes a small notebook and pen that he keeps in the pockets of his coat, and scribbles quickly a list of things she can eat.
. He wasn't even able to propose to Mary, for god's sake. She had just assumed what was going to happen hadn't Sherlock interrupted them in the restaurant, and took the engagement ring from him.
While it's true Mrs. Hudson is having a good time, Rosie doesn't seem very impressed by flowers. Both her and Sherlock mope a bit. Ten minutes in, the kid tires of walking on her own and asks to be carried, stopping right in front of him with her arms raised. Sherlock complies, but takes a note in the back of his mind that she will soon be too heavy to keep this habit up. They sulkily follow behind Mrs. Hudson, barely taking a look at the stalls.
He purses his lips while lifting Rosie to his own arms. Surely she would have gotten some germs from here. 'I'll tell, John. Thank you, afternoon.' he turns around without waiting for a response, entering the cab he had told to wait by the sidewalk.
It did seem pretty boring. Some jerk pissed off the wrong person. But the payment was interesting. She browsed through an airline company website - it covered the fare.
As he speaks the train arrives. He embarks and takes place opposite to the door. More people come after him, occupying the whole car. Anna takes a seat smiling at him, all malice. Tall old man on her right wears full black attire, grieving in the old-fashioned way. Young ginger man at the back keeps smiling softly to himself, eyes downwards, clearly in love, probably for the first time. Blond woman near the window gives a strong sigh while scrolling through her smartphone, angry at coworkers.
I have to say: I'm taking some liberties with Rosie's age and how much time passed since they came back from Morocco, so the timeline makes sense to me.
'John?' he hears the inquiry but his vision is blurred at the sides. He just walks to the fireplace they had started to welcome the cold weather, and throws it in there. The gasp is audible in the living room.
'Your life could be a plot on East Enders, honestly.' Greg cleans the sweat on his face with a paper napkin. 'But is everything over now? You said she was going to prison.'
John drops all his weight over Sherlock, burying his nose in his neck so his voice comes out muffled. 'It's so weird when you talk about me as a separate entity.'
The title of the chapter is actually a translation of a line from the brazilian song Paula e Bebeto, by Milton Nascimento and Caetano Veloso.
So Greg coming over, while unexpected, is very welcome. There is a portable chair besides John's bed, and a nurse has just taken away his breakfast tray, so he is in a dignified sitting position at least.
'Unfortunately no. He will remain enclosed to be instructed about his next steps.' he stands up. 'And I have to cut short this visit. Important matters to handle, surely you understand. I'll see myself out, thank you.'
John laughs all the way closing the door, and he will forever deny but he does get a bit apprehensive.
'Yes, I know.' she sounds tight, but maintains a polite tone. 'I tried to contact her, but she's not answering. Do you think you could…?'
'I tried for years to get you interested in astronomy, as a joke.' he says still holding his hand in place. 'And you refused to even talk about it. But you studied, you were able to lecture Rosie back in Brighton on why the sky gets dark. Why did you study the solar system?'
