“Jerk!”
“If you insist on being an ass, then at least you can lay down before you fall down, or neither of us will get any rest. I made room.”
Dean had to concentrate even to remember the right number and Cas made the call. The next thing he knew a glass of water was in his hand and Cas was giving him two little pills.
“Screw it,” Dean muttered to himself, and suddenly he was back in April of 1965, confronting pretentious frat boys and causing a stir on a Saturday night, and he was about to pursue a shy boy, with beautiful blue eyes and glasses and take him on the ride of his life.
Cas looked down the length of his body to where Dean was still partially sprawled on him, his breath coming in stutters, his face a mask of dread.
just as a friend reaching out. It had been weeks after all. Long enough that Dean wouldn’t get the wrong idea.
“This song never ends!” Charlie laughed, breaking away on one of Cas’s attempts to spin her.
A restlessness had been building inside of him for what seemed like months now. Like a balloon, filling with water, stretching more and more, the walls thinning until every movement was fragile with the threat that he might burst at the slightest touch.
“Did you boys start the party without me?” came a thick Louisiana drawl as a hand clapped to Dean’s shoulder.
“Phone for you.
Sam mumbled something away from the receiver.
This wasn’t happening. He must have heard wrong.
Wally had a soft rock station playing while they worked because the only other station that came in static-free was god-awful disco. Dean was on a creeper board under the chassis when it came on. Fucking Elvis.
-----
Sam nodded. “You said San Francisco General?” he said, getting up and grabbing the phone and dialing zero.
Maybe Cas was going out to celebrate with friends, or maybe he’d gone early to stay over at Rachel’s. Maybe he was home and pissed and wanted nothing more to do with Dean.
Cas smiled, “Rache.”
“I can’t do this. It’s too late. I don’t fit here anymore.”
“Cas isn’t here at the moment...Who may I ask is calling?” the voice said politely.
Dean looked like Cas had punched him in the gut.
Dean swallowed hard, “You both mean a lot to me. The
Dean’s three day evaluation stretched into a thirty day mandatory stay at the psych facility in the adjacent building. He met with Rufus every day during that period. It took some wearing down, but eventually, Dean gave him Sam’s and Bobby’s names and contact information.
Cas flushed at the memory, remembering how nervous he'd been, not knowing how Dean would receive his overture. His worries, it turned out, were for nothing. Dean was shocked at first as Castiel stood across from him, nervously chewing his lip in white lace stockings and a nightie. He wanted to look beautiful and sexy for Dean. Wanted Dean to find him just as beautiful as those girls who’d come before him. Just when he thought he’d made a terrible mistake Dean’s eyes softened, looking at Cas like he was a gift to be treasured, like he was the luckiest man in the world, letting Cas know he was safe with Dean - would
“It looks like a goddamn disco in here!” Bobby said when Dean finally got him to admit that something was wrong.
Let me know what you think!
“You rolled in today gloomy as a little thundercloud, but a call to this ‘Dean’ guy and you're….well just what I said, you’re glowing brighter than a streaker’s ass in the moonlight.”
By ‘work’ she had meant ‘emotional work.’ Dean grimaced but took the appointment anyway.
“Yeah okay, but not before I make us some breakfast. I’m starving and you need something that qualifies as hangover food.”
“What is it?”
“Just go and get it out of your system,” he said finally.
Dean looked less angry now and more confused. “I’m not following.”
Cas held the thermometer up for his mouth. Dean rolled his eyes, saying “I don’t want that.”
?” Cas’s voice was like hardened steel.
Finally a little after five the phone rang again.
A silence settled over the group as he finished and Dean knew it was over for him here. Fine. He’d work as long as he could at Garth’s and visit with Fred and Mildred, that is until Fred got wind probably. He’d figure something out.
“Yes.”
He exhaled, shoulders collapsing - the draw of his breath visible in the rise and fall of his chest. He swallowed, looking back at Dean with doleful eyes. Cas slowly nodded, reaching a hand down to pull Dean up.
“Well, you still have the edge on me. I’ve never been to one of these places at all…” Dean looked around, his eyes glancing from ceiling to the dance floor. “It’s a….it’s something!” he chuckled.
Dean shut his eyes tight, shaking his head slightly. He pressed his lips against a flush that crept up his cheeks.
Cas hung up the phone, sinking back into the couch.
“Oh!” Cas laughed, “You mean like maybe they can just ride up on their motorcycle and offer a guy a ride, then bring him to a diner and
“I wear contacts sometimes now,” Cas told her ducking his head a little, his cheeks blooming under the scrutiny.
Bright light seared through a small gap in the blinds. Castiel scrambled to cover his eyes and groaned himself awake. Eyelids opening slowly behind his cupped hand, Cas allowed his eyes to adjust to the violent brightness before slowly letting his fingers draw away.
He realized then how stupid he’d ever been to think anyone had been fooled in college seeing him and Dean together.
Dean closed his eyes and hugged him back.
Cas squinted at him. “Charming, Gabriel.”
“Now now...no need to be rude. I’m just trying to help.” Crowley looked offended.
Dean stood staring open-mouthed and wide-eyed, his heart pounding, the urge to follow pulling at him like a riptide, wanting to chase that kiss, until Cas disappeared inside. He looked back to the bike, vaguely aware of the blinds shifting in a house across the street.
Dean’s jaw tightened as he chalked his cue, “What
They carried the mugs and plates of toast back to the coffee table. Dean taking up his place on the couch and Cas in the adjacent chair as before. Afternoon soaps were on the TV now. Cas casually left one on as “background noise,” knowing that Dean would never admit to how much he secretly enjoyed it.
“Then why the hell are you Dean?” Benny asked calmly, pressing his hand on Dean’s shoulder to ground him. “You’re the one who set all this up, right? Talk to me brother. Tell me why.”
you why,” Dean said gently, eyes pleading. “
“Dean, hold this,” Cas ordered him. Pressing his own hands over Dean’s so he wouldn’t drop the ice. Dean wasn’t looking at him, Dean’s eyes went to the ice in his hands, staring blankly at it. Cas stepped away pouring a little of the water from the other cup onto a napkin to wipe away the blood at his temple. He pressed harder to make sure but the scrape seemed superficial and though it had initially bled quickly as facial wounds do, the flow had already all but stopped.
Hannah took care of the trick or treaters while Dean’s eyes were still trained on Cas as he led the kids to the neighbor’s house.
“Yeah, okay. But only because I know you'll haunt me if I don't.” Dean’s voice was breathy as he tried to control his chaotic stream of thoughts and emotions. “Thanks man. Uhhh...try changing the transmission fluid.”
“There’s a little town about 10 minutes from where you want to be. How about I drop you there. Great diner food.”
From the back seat Dean let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. There was Dean before Cas, and there was Dean after Cas. Dean knew he had to leave to save him, but without Cas there was nothing left for Dean. He wouldn’t go back to the way things were. He was unclean. He knew it. He wouldn’t stain the earth with his presence. He wouldn’t continue to make Cas bleed as he did still, every night in his fevered dreams as the alcohol wore off and his body started to shake and cry out for more. At least he could fade out remembering the image of his love...his boy. Dean hoped that returning to the shore would be enough to push away the demons he held inside long enough to remember Cas as he was, before Dean corrupted everything with his touch. Beautiful Cas, sweet Cas, smiling back at him, free, happy, pure.
“I know, I know...I didn’t know how to tell you quite honestly,” Balthazar said. “I mean...you’ve had a rough go of late.”
“You sure you’ll have enough time? It’s raining pretty bad.” Dean’s voice trembled with want. He didn’t want to give Cas even a chance to reconsider, but the drive was long and Dean would never forgive himself if something happened to Cas as he drove back to Yuba for his evening shift.
“Less than an hour. We’re practically neighbors.”
“And if our congressman blocks him I will vote for whoever challenges him the next time,” Cas continued, cutting Dean off.
“Good. Try keeping a two beer max tonight, okay? And nothing hard. You’re gonna want it but it’s not gonna help.”
Dean leaned forward, eyes closed, bringing his forehead to rest against his as Cas’s hands moved first to Dean’s shoulders, before slipping beneath his arms and moving down his torso to his waist, drawing Dean’s body closer, slotting his cheek against Dean's, a scent of citrus and cedar. Cas wanted so much to kiss him. He could feel Dean's breath, warm against his ear as he spoke.
A soft smile broke across Cas’s face as he regarded Dean in return, nodding, “Hello Dean.”
Nothing like so many of the new developments Dean saw going in along the outskirts of Sacramento where, for expediency, the builders bulldozed every tree in sight, leaving cul de sacs of oversized homes towering over hastily planted matchstick trees, that is if they bothered to plant them at all.
“Yeah Cas, the ears look purr-fect on you!” Hannah joined in, emphasizing the urrr and smiling.
“I miss you too, Sweetheart,” Dean’s voice was barely a whisper.
Dean rolled out from under a yellow Plymouth Scamp, sitting up as Bobby waved him outside.
Dean wanted more than anything to go for lunch with Cas...and anyone else who wanted to tag along. He looked back towards the garage, a knot suddenly twisting in his stomach. Bobby had a backlog of work and he had already been more than accommodating to Dean’s personal life. The owner of the Scamp was already pissed they were a day behind schedule.
Sam picked up the tab for everyone and they all threw something down for a tip before exiting out into the parking lot. Looking at the line of people waiting to get in just as they were ready to call it a night, Dean was acutely aware of how much older he felt now than just ten years ago when he and Cas met and a party could last all night. Benny and Balthazar both went to their respective vehicles allowing Cas and Dean to hang back a little to speak privately in a little shadowed spot against the wall. Facing Cas, Dean tentatively reached for his hand, and Cas didn’t object.
The familiar form of the back of Dean’s head, someone Dean’s height, navy blue jacket, moving swiftly to cross the road.
“Yeah, I’m here,” Dean swallowed. He thought about their date last night and thought he knew the answer, but after the sadness and shock he’d been feeling all day he needed to hear Cas say it.
“Okay, so now where are you?”
“It’s gonna be okay Dean,” Jess assured him, smiling encouragement.
He liked just about any old spooky movie, but the Sherlock Holmes tale of the ghostly hellhound that haunted the Grimpen Mire was one of his favorites. Cas wondered if Dean knew it was on.
Maybe it wasn’t crazy. Maybe Dean was right and Cas would always be some kind of flashpoint for Dean’s trauma. He
Gabriel Novak, Castiel’s brother.
“You know I have to.” He shook Cas’s hand off.
“Balthazar called. I came looking for you. He said to look for wherever ‘Meg’ was…..Who is she?”
“Shhhhh...it’s okay.. Be a good boy for me Cas.” Dean’s hand came up, gently, but firmly gripping Cas’s chin, his index finger rubbing against Cas’s lips, pushing delicately into his mouth to run along the ridge of his teeth and tongue, looking at Cas as if his mouth belonged to him, and Dean was simply admiring his property. "Only good boys get tricks and treats."
“Dean!” Cas shouted, and he swore the figure stopped briefly, looking to the side as if he heard something, before continuing on. Cas tried to follow but traffic blocked him and once he crossed the street himself he spent the next hour feeling desperate - looking fruitlessly down alleyways, through shop windows, and past rush hour bus crowds until he made himself stop.
Within ten minutes of the call Dean was racing towards San Francisco, praying to a god he had long since stopped believing in.
“Can’t say that I have,” Dean said.
Cas looked into Dean’s eyes and was lost in them. He leaned in by way of answer, allowing Dean to shift his hands to round up his back pulling their bodies close. So close that Cas could feel his own cock, already more than halfway there, pressing against Dean’s fully hard one through their jeans.
be safe with Dean.
“What the hell!!” Dean spat angrily.
“Carter says if he becomes president he’ll sign a Gay Rights bill,” Cas commented, his eyes fixed lazily on the campaign coverage.
Dean’s heart suddenly leapt into his throat. He managed to keep his voice steady enough to say “Sounds good!”
“This coming weekend? I have a shift at the warehouse this Saturday.”
All Cas knew for sure is that he wanted more out of this than just sex.
“That’s what you get for being an asshole Dean,” Cas smirked as Dean’s cough settled.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, eyes narrowing in concern.
Dean broke the kiss long enough to steal a look at Cas, eyes hooded, nearly black with need. Cas
“There’s none better.”
“Oh, I don't know...maybe when you went to the Sadie Hawkins dance with Gilda Fae. She was my best friend, remember? I had a major crush on her and of course I always had to listen to her titter and guffaw about ‘Castiel Novak!’” she spoke his name in a sing-songy voice. “Ugh! Her notebook was
Cas ran his free hand up Dean’s back, giving a squeeze on his shoulder. He grabbed his drink, draining the rest through the straw before scooting out of the booth and reaching his hand to Dean’s.
“Heh,” Balthazar quipped, “That’s pretty ironic coming from you. Isn’t it? The one who left, and apparently only sought him out now to assuage your conscience? It all makes sense now.”
“Be right back,” Cas said, letting go finally and heading up the stairs to their table. They had paid for their orders as they went, but Cas dropped some cash down for a tip before joining Dean back at the bottom of the stairs and heading for the exit. They left the club and headed in the direction of the car.
“Soon...not soon enough...night Dean.”
“I have to ask if that was your intent?” Richings continued.
“If we’re gonna have family for Thanksgiving, it should be our whole family, don’t you think?”
“Ah, I see,” Crowley smiled like he’d cracked an enemy code.
**********
Dean couldn’t help but suspect the guy secretly delighted in the slight head pounding his greeting caused.
“Go home Dean,” he whispered, his breath warm against Dean’s ear. “Get better, and then
The second session, he’d been in the chair a mere five minutes before Pamela started asking Dean who had been there for him for support besides his father when he was a child and during his teen years.
want Cas?”
Jess rolled her eyes, “Come on! Food’s ready!”
“Starving.”
Cas tried hard not to put too much stock in the words Dean had spoken. He had seen many times firsthand how delirium could warp one's senses and emotions, so as much as Dean’s declaration of love sang to his heart he was afraid to let himself believe.
“We got back in the car. He kept telling me I was okay. I didn’t feel okay.”
Cas’s hands stroked along Dean’s back, bending his neck to kiss his hair. Dean stopped to kiss at a freckle just above Cas’s right nipple, before taking his nipple into his mouth and swirling his tongue around, sucking and swirling and teasing with his tongue and teeth, drawing a breathy whimper from Cas.
Cas looked up just in time to see the familiar motorcycle pull up right to the edge of Hanna’s lawn.
“You okay hon?” she asked gently.
“Okay then, come with me!” Cas led Dean a few streets over to pick up a car that would take them from Union Square to Fisherman’s Wharf. The car was pretty full with tourists but they managed to squish together on a wooden bench facing the street. Cas told him a little of what he had learned about the famous cable cars.
Dean startled as he felt a hand grab his arm.
Charlie grabbed Cas by the arm pulling him inside the kitchen. She flicked a quick look at Stevie who nodded and brought cups of coffee out to the living room. Charlie took Cas’s other arm framing him, trying to make him focus on her.
"She left me Dean.” Sam slurred. He was clearly drunk. “I fucked everything up so bad...Jess left me.”
He found himself getting up and going over to settle Dean so many times that at one point he woke to find he’d fallen asleep on the floor leaning up against the couch with his head on the cushion and arm draped over Dean’s middle. Cas felt Dean’s skin, still too hot and dry, and coaxed him awake long enough to take another drink and dose of medicine.
“You need to sleep Dean,” Cas said, reading his thoughts.
“Let’s get somewhere you can mark me properly,” Dean teased, his eyes dark and breath ragged. He pulled at Cas’s hand again and took the stairs.
Dean had a strange feeling of deja vu. Bobby once told the story of a ghostly maiden who walked along the dunes of the shore, watching for the return of her lover who had been lost at sea. Dean sighed, trying to shake away the feeling that he was somehow like that maiden.
Cas sighed, “While you were over there.” Cas said, indicating the war.
Cas swung his leg over first, allowing Dean to follow.
His eyes widened. He nodded. Cas understood.
Dean made Sam stay as he walked Cas out. They shared a parting kiss and embraced in the dark under the tree where Cas’s car was parked, the rain beading in their hair, making it shine.
Dean took that as a
The children’s laughter was both muted and carried by the wind and the surf, high pitched and blending with the sound of the gulls. A boy and a girl rushed out to grab shells and stones as the water receded, only to breathlessly giggle and race back to avoid the surging water, reluctantly obeying their mother’s call as she packed up a blanket and bid them follow her. Dean thought of the way Cas, his Cas, had been so full of joy, childlike almost when last they were here. It had been a good day. He saw it now in his head as if it played through the projector.
Cas shrugged. “When we were near the college we never had a yard and I was always busy with school, so I never really thought about it. But out here where there are yards and a lot more trees and birds...I think if I had a place like this someday I might like it.”
“I would. Thank you! ...Please tell him I miss him so much.”
Dean groaned, putting a hand to his head. It felt like a landslide had come down on him. He had no idea how he ended up in bed, stripped down to his boxers and a t-shirt.
Sam slung an arm under Dean’s shoulders and pulled him outside, where Jessica was waiting.
Fred’s expression turned serious, “Dean, it’s Thanksgiving. You should be with your family.”
“For you...which means if you choose it, if you want it, I…” Cas stopped, not wanting to overstep.
Cas, nearly breathless, closed his eyes and teased Dean’s thumb with his teeth and lips as Dean watched.
“Yeah….Thanks Benny,” Dean said. “Hey and good luck with the house search.”
Cas read and reread those first few lines, his heart beating fast and feeling like his mouth might freeze into a ridiculous smile.
Dean said aloud, closing his eyes against tears as his voice broke, and folding the letter. “I’m sorry!
“Yeah Cas, I’ll be fine.”
as the saying went…
“What do you feel Dean?” Cas repeated, still trying to get Dean to meet his eyes.
“My pleasure,” he smiled. Dean’s eyes met Cas’s and it filled him, like a starved man suddenly given the bread of life. “What are you guys doing here?”
“Same here.” Dean shook it.
Music figures heavily in this chapter. If you enjoy the chapter I strongly encourage you to use the music links at the end to listen and reimagine the scenes with these versions of the songs mentioned.
Dean rolled the garage door down, holding a folding chair in his other hand and came to set it up on the lawn near Hannah. His whole body ached, probably from the ride. He hadn’t been thinking clearly, and after driving himself crazy with regret over his behavior and then the letter, Dean finally jumped on the bike to come here without having made much of a plan. He was only vaguely aware it was even Halloween before he arrived to see Cas with the miniature witch and vampire on the lawn. He must have been tense with worry the whole way and now his muscles were paying the price.
Dean was nodding.
The drive back was quiet, punctuated by occasional reassurances from Cas.
He jumped off the hood, shaking his head, a teasing smile on his face as Cas pulled the powder blue monstrosity that was his car into a space near him.
A pair of hands slid up Cas’s sides, followed by strong familiar arms gripping him from behind, settling into an embrace along the front of his hips .
“Not the point Dean, my brother. Not the point. The point is that
“There’s only one cowboy I wanna see undressed,” he countered, flashing Cas a wink. Dean knew he was being ridiculous. So ridiculous that Cas narrowed his eyes and deadpanned, "I'm sure there's a full-length mirror back there somewhere you can use." Dean snorted, forcing a laugh from Cas. Dean didn't care if he looked like an idiot.
“Cas and I have talked a few times to reconnect since we all went out together. I never should have let us lose touch.” Jess smiled back at Cas.
“Hey buddy, let’s get you under those blankets to warm you up. You’re freezing.”
Cas knew Gabriel was right. He must be glowing. He could
When Cas came home shortly after, Balthazar didn’t know how to tell him. Cas seemed content. He smiled at Balthazar when he greeted him at the door and kissed him. Balthazar had kept a plate of dinner for him and as Cas ate Balthazar convinced himself the news could wait until morning.
“What did you sell her?”
**********
“Cassie,” Balthazar said, gripping his shoulders and running his hands along Cas’s arms. “Come on, let's just get inside and watch some tv or something.”
“Dean, you don’t remember? I practically carried you here.”
“I belong to my beloved, and his desire is for me.”
Dean stared blankly. His breathing settled as he started to put two and two together. He was in a hospital. How?
Cas glanced at the clock. He was exhausted from the past 30 or so hours. “Yeah,” he said, “You need rest too.”
he'd found.
I know some things I've written may seem a departure from Dean's and Cas's characters as written in Twist and Shout. In T & S Cas was always the super cautious one about how much others knew about his relationships and sexual orientation. Dean was the one who was bolder. In thinking about this alt story and the time they've spent apart I envisioned Dean becoming more cautious about life in general after the war, maybe plagued by some more self-doubt than before, and Cas growing bolder, either from his experience living in the San Francisco community, dealing with his loss or just as a reaction to the sheer exhaustion of trying to hide who he is for so long.
“I understand the fireworks, Rufus, but I’ve been to fireworks before and I've been maybe on edge - but nothing like that. I've always been able to leave. But the...I mean losing it...both times it was about Cas.”
“Thanks man.”
When Cas did look up, his lips were pressed tightly together - the blue of his eyes magnified by a gloss of tears. He had no words, responding instead with a silent shrug. Hannah understood, sharing a sad smile, placing her hand on his.
“What’s in your hands?” Cas asked him.
Cas glanced where Dean indicated a young man with a blue bandana in his right pocket.
“......it’s good to hear your voice.”
..Believe me?"
“Is this okay?” he whispered between kisses.
"No Dean," Cas didn't know how to tell him without making it seem like either an empty compliment or a come on. "You look a little tired, but you're still you...still...."
**********
“Yeah,” Dean breathed, some tension releasing in his voice. “He’s...he’s become really important to me. I’m so sorry Cas. I had to come right away. I was afraid he might…
Cas couldn’t let himself think about that. For now, he was thankful for Hanna, for Rachel...for Charlie, even Gabriel for that matter. He didn’t feel obligated to any of them. They were just his friends and family, giving themselves without expecting something from him in return. It made him all the more happy to give back. He didn’t think he could get through this without them. He didn’t know how he was going to get through this
“Oh Mr. Winchester, I’m sorry but I can’t let you leave.”
“You ready Ribbons?” Dean deadpanned, only holding it a second before he again burst into laughter so strong his sides hurt, earning him what he would ordinarily (now only outside of Jess’s presence of course) refer to as Sam’s “bitchface.”
“Hey ASSHOLE!” Meg started, pushing herself back up, but Dean turned to her and yelled “STAY DOWN!” and she crawled further away.
Dean felt like the earth underneath him had shifted violently and he was sliding down a steep hill cluttered with shards of his failings, clutching at them, sharp and filthy - slicing his hands as he attempted to claw his way back - to urge his way closer to reconciliation with Cas - the ground on which he stood giving way like broken shale under his feet.
**********
“Hmm…” Rufus hummed an approving sound. “Like I said Dean, Castiel isn’t a catalyst to what you’re going through.”
Cas laughed, “Why because I can treat a fever?”
Cas’s gratitude turned to irritation, “You said you’d be supportive….” he eyed the floor, shaking his head slightly, before looking back up to meet Balthazar's eyes. “You even said it might be
“Well that’s what you get for being an Angel’s fan.” Dean scolded teasingly. “I’m telling you Oakland’s finally gonna do it this year!”
Cas turned his palm to cup Dean’s cheek, brushing his lips gently with his thumb. Ignoring Dean’s unnecessary apology.
Dean shrugged, grinning like the cat that ate the canary.
Dean, hands shaking, wrote down the number.
“Yeah… better than good I guess,” Cas said thinking that Hanna’s support and Gabriel’s visit outweighed his recent job loss. “Great.”
“I’m calling Bobby and letting him know you can’t come in tomorrow,” Cas said, recovering, pulling off the last sock and letting Dean slip out of his jeans so that now he was in just his t-shirt and boxers.  “What’s his home number? I only know the shop’s.”
“Good,” Benny coaxed, “Did it help?”
Cas wished Dean wasn’t so stubbornly cynical. There was no use trying to talk to him when he was like this.
The night was clear, much colder than that summer night with Cas. The shrubs and trees had lost some of their leaves but the reflecting pool was lit with soft light, and the moon,  a waning crescent, cast a glow on the water. Dean wandered around alone in this place that seemed to transcend time and imagined Cas here with him here again, not as in the nightmare, but how he had really been, that summer. They had both felt the promise of something that night - Dean was sure of it. At the time he didn’t realize it had been reciprocal, but recent events cast everything in a different light. Why was he always doubting himself? It never used to be like this. Another casualty of war.
Seventy-two hours. Dean lashed out in anger at the small adjustable table adjacent to his bed and it flew across the floor. Rufus rose to his feet looking sternly at Dean like he would restrain Dean himself if need be.
The words haunted Dean years later, the first time he spread his own legs to put food on the table for Sam. The first time he realized his green eyes, bowed lips and his half-starved frame looked ‘delicate’ enough to someone that they found him ‘pretty’ and were willing to pay.
“I thought the spell broke when Crowley broke the lance?” Sam said from the doorway as he saw the wound.
“Lisa? Naw,” Dean shook his head. “She and I were just friends at that point. She’s the one who pointed him out to me.”
Dean lifted the glass but then remembered,
“Umm, I’m sorry, that’s what I was calling you to find out. My brother Gabriel said you called and were asking about him. I’d like to find him too. I was wondering if you had any luck?”
Cas took a clean napkin, smoothing it gently along Dean’s forehead where sweat had dampened it.
And they’d
After Dean left, Cas just assumed it was
“I need to know if you still mean it.” Dean blurted out before he could stop himself, “What you said...when you left me..”
Like Bobby always told him,
Cas felt the allure of Dean’s full pouty lips, so close and tempting, and was about to lean in when their waitress arrived with the food. Another server followed, setting two fresh drinks down on the table.
The phone rang three times, and then finally someone picked up.
“Um, yes it is,”  Cas muttered. “Jesus Dean, are you about to be a snob about it?” he said more with amusement than any actual irritation.
Cas sighed surprised by how matter-of-fact she had said it, as if she was so confident it was only a matter of time.
Privately, Benny made him promise to keep in touch and he gave Dean the name and place of a vet support group in his area. Dean wouldn’t commit to starting up with a whole new group of people, but he promised Benny he would do what he needed to in order to keep moving forward. Finally, he nodded his thanks.
The system was excellent at making sure that physical wounds were attended to whenever possible, even rewarding them with Purple Hearts and ceremony. Emotional wounds were the dirty little secret. There were no medals for having endured them. You weren’t supposed to have them. If you did, you weren’t supposed to acknowledge them.
. More of his laughter, his smiles, his incredibly full kissable lips that practically begged to be crushed against Dean’s.
Sam read off a few “Michael’s”, one “Gabriel,” a “G. Novak” but no “Rachel’s” or “R.s” to be found. Dean copied down the numbers.
Cas grabbed Dean by the arms pulling him up to stand. Dean was clearly disoriented, not answering Cas, looking with blank confusion from him to their surroundings. Dean winced his eyes shut as more bangs sounded and another M80 exploded.
Dean knew when Garth got back they would find a doctor to try to get an update on Fred’s condition. He tried to push thoughts of it from his mind until then as best he could, knowing it was futile to speculate on anything. Instead, he let other worries flood his brain. Ones that didn’t involve death, ones that maybe he could manage better.
“So?”
“Mr. Winchester, I don’t want to have to restrain you, but I will if I have to, ” the doctor said calmly.
A box, filled with letters written to Dean during the war, left unsent. Photographs from another time, when Dean belonged wholly to Cas - a time when they belonged to
Dean wished he could remember the rest.
more than the front he put up for the rest of the world to see. So he’d brought Cas to a forest, laid out a meal he’d prepared, and was now...well, was now feeling quite shy actually.
The man shrugged, tilting his head with a pleasant smile and putting his hand up in a peacemaking gesture. “Don’t worry, I won’t bother you anymore, and meant no offense. Just a pair of hotties like you two, can’t blame a guy for trying.” He dried his hands leaning closer and lowering his voice conspiratorially as another man entered. “Name’s Nick, Nick Monroe, if you change your mind I’ll be at the bar,'' he winked.”
Cas tilted his head for a moment until it dawned on him what Dean was thinking. “No Dean, not like that.”  He smiled mischievously. "I have given this a lot of thought. I’m a Seraph. I would never hurt you on purpose,  but as you said - this is new to both of us.”
“Dean,” Cas smiled. “Feeling any better?”
Sometimes I just miss the ordinary times - things I took for granted. It’s hard to think that I’m never going to just bring you lunch while you're at Bobby's shop, or that we’ll never sit together in Van’s Noodle House again.
Dean didn’t know what he expected to see in her eyes. Disgust? Disdain maybe? But he stood there looking at Mildred, her eyes soft, only empathy and love looking back...and Dean actually broke and cried, quietly...right there in the kitchen. He tried to compose himself but his shoulders shook with the effort as she enveloped him in her arms.
“I know Dean..it’s not your fault.”
“Nine.”
Dean.”
Those around the circle nodded, exchanging amused but curious looks. His cocked head and narrowed eyes suggesting even Ketch wasn’t sure where Benny was going with this.
“Wonderful you two!” Hannah smiled. I think you have one more thank you before we go in to get you cleaned up. Tommy turned to Cas “Thank you Cas!” he said as Cas high-fived him. Jenny dropped her bucket and ran to wrap him in an exuberant hug. “Thank you Cassie Kitty Cat!” she sang.
“Yeah….But not yet.” Cas said, sounding a little deflated himself. “I want you in person first,” Dean heard the longing in his voice. “Besides, any minute my sister’s gonna arrive and cockblock anything we might get in the middle of.”
” the man said his name like it was bile on the tongue. “You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me. Sod off!” Dean heard a click.
“Can I use your phone Rachel?”
“I don’t like to talk about it. You’ll think it's pathetic….”
Of the seven men in the group, four were vets including Dean. Inwardly Dean found himself listening to parts of his own story being told through the mouths of strangers. It was hard to listen to, and at the same time strangely affirming to know, “
Balthazar excused himself, landing a peck on Cas’s cheek, making for the bathroom. Dean looked back at Cas who was still applauding and just like that, for a second time in his life, lightning struck.
“You could watch it with me now. It’s on channel 9.”
Some of you may have caught a not-so-subtle reference to the song "Old Number Seven" by The Devil Makes Three. I first learned about this song in a fic called Crossing Lines by the AMAZING sometimeswelose and when writing the bar scene with Crowley couldn't resist. The fic is part of a two part series and the two taken together, while sad in parts are warm and rich and heart nourishing in others and I honestly can't think of a better ending for our canon Dean, Cas and Sam. Don't be afraid! It is wonderful, and the ending they deserved. Here is a link to that fic and also to the song, which is a very Dean Winchester song!
“Wow!...All that from one look!”
Let me know what you think!
“He’s tired, but he wants to see you Dean.”
“Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth, for your love is more delightful than wine.” Cas replied playfully leaning in close again, lips brushing Dean’s as he spoke.
“You are ridiculous!” Cas laughed. They both broke into smiles then.
Sam had hinted before that things were off between him and Jess, but last night everything hit the fan and Jess walked out. Sam had been working so hard to advance in his job with the law firm. There was no such thing as nine to five. Business lunches, dinners, and fifteen, sometimes eighteen-hour days were taking their toll on Sam and Jess’s relationship. To make things worse the office culture included an unhealthy amount of cocaine being passed around casually as associates struggled to keep up with the relentless demands of the partners. Sam had at first resisted, but then gave in just to keep pace as the pressure to perform mounted.
“You always change the radio when Elvis comes on, and at first I thought you didn’t like him, but I can usually tell when someone’s pining.”
Also- can you tell what movie they went to see?
she wouldn’t know to avoid that one. There was no reason for her to know. It was his favorite when they'd been friends in high school. He set down the dustpan he'd been using and went into the living room area to change the record. Lifting the needle he paused, dropping it instead into the well-worn groove of the 5th track.
still Dean’s...always would be, even if Dean was someone he could never have again.
Dean spilt his coffee as he stood straight up stopping himself from running to the desk. This couldn’t be real.
Dean felt suddenly like the sun was shining down on him.
"Cas, I.......
Sam brought Dean takeout a number of times to make sure he was still eating, stopping again Friday night to share a pizza. Before the war Dean never confided in Sam about his relationship with Cas. It was the unspoken thing they all acknowledged, but Dean didn’t do “feelings” and even though he knew Sammy was cool with his spectrum of interest it was just always easier to talk if it was a woman he was with.
“I tried going home....” Dean choked after a while. “all I do...all I did was hurt him more.” Dean didn’t care that he was talking openly about “him” with a stranger. If this asshole’s sensibilities were offended by the truth then maybe he’d get off Dean’s case sooner and leave things be. Rufus seemed unfazed.
“HEY!” Jess scolded Dean. “Check your misogynist bullshit at the door, Dean.”
After a moment of steadying his breath, Dean unfolded the letter and read on. His heart seized on one part.
Dean’s eyes focused on the ground, shaking his head slightly….”I don’t know,” he said softly. “I fucked everything up Benny….I don’t know.”
“Too late!” She waggled her fingers toward him and Dean finally noticed the sparkling diamond on her finger, “You’re brother just asked me to marry him last night.”
“About 20 more minutes give or take.” Dean noticed the man glancing back at him occasionally in the rearview. “You meeting someone?”
“Did you mean it Cas?” Dean asked. “Did you mean it when you said you want to love me?”
With one last look up at Cas’s window he mounted his bike, started the engine, and even though he should
Cas approached the table, what looked like a typical business dinner, pen in hand ready to deliver the standard line.
They were quiet on the rest of the drive, but filled with delighted anticipation and it felt right not to break the spell with words. Finally, they pulled into the lot of Dean’s apartment building. Dean pulled the keys from the ignition, looking over to Cas. Cas was wide-eyed.
was different. It wasn’t enough to chase the things that once thrilled him. They didn’t feel the same. He missed Sammy and Bobby, and even though it scared him, and even though he felt ties to the people he had found in Valens, as more time passed Dean started thinking that maybe he was ready to go back home.
“She did say she wanted to go back to college,” Cas confirmed.
He wondered.
They had it planned so that Cas drove to Dean’s place in Sacramento since he got off earlier than Dean and it would give them more time for their date. As soon as Cas pulled into the parking lot Dean was there, sitting on Baby’s hood waiting for him, and ready to take the reins.
He stared at the floor shaking his head, speechless.
“I didn’t know anyone could make you glow like that Cassie,” Gabriel said, cutting what must have been his third piece of pie.
It wasn’t lost on Sam that Dean had called their mother “Mary.” It was a sure sign that his guard was up over her again. Cas noticed too but they all silently agreed to let the comment go.
“Time for you to show ‘em what you got there Deano!” Benny yelled loudly, slapping Dean on the back. Benny hadn’t lied, he wasn’t going to let Dean drown, it's just that he wasn’t going to pull him out of the water either. Benny was dangling the lifeline. Dean had to grab hold and climb out on his own.
Dean nodded thankfully. Benny pulled him in for a quick hug by way of a slap on the back.
“My shift starts at four,” he said as Charlie pulled him in for a hug, kissing his cheek before heading for the door.
She yelled the last part jumping and Cas let out a little shout, pretending to be scared, even though it was the fourth or fifth time in a row.
“Hey Dean, you okay?” Bobby was standing next to him. Dean didn’t even see him come out of the ER.
Dean covered his head with a pillow and waited for the phone to stop. He tried in vain for about twenty minutes to drift back before finally opting to get up and make some coffee.
He told her about how John chased “work” all over the country, sometimes bringing Sam and Dean, sometimes leaving them with ‘old friends’ or ‘acquaintances.’ Dean remembered the safest he’d ever felt outside of Bobby’s was the time John left them with ‘Darlene.’
“I could never hate you Dean.” Cas said.
“Dean, all I’m saying is why don’t you try meeting someone else. Cas has moved on, it looks like he’s doing great so you don’t have to keep punishing yourself.”
“You know your old man cheated me outta two hundred dollars.”
“Why did you take those pills Dean?”
Dean was still afraid that if Cas realized how actually screwed up he was...how he had been ready to take his own life, how he’d then spent more than a year ruminating over the shit storm of Vietnam and all of his failure and regrets, from his father to Sam, to leaving him, well...he might realize how shattered Dean actually was - how fragile he still felt, like a vase held together with a paste of flour and water, desperately willing the contents within
….trust isn’t always a feeling you just have. Sometimes it’s a choice you make. Dean, I’m choosing to trust in us.”
Dean eyed the floor around their feet. Not allowing himself to meet Cas’s eyes.
His face flushed crimson, from embarrassment, or shame or maybe both. Cas didn't know, he just wanted to fix it. He wanted to sweep away the awkwardness - wipe away the sadness that had crept into Dean's eyes.
“Yeah - please connect me.” He continued.
His mother however, who died years earlier had specified in her will that each of their children would get a small inheritance from the sale of a small piece of property she owned upon her husband’s death. As difficult and ugly as relations with his family had become he was grateful at least that he could think of the money as his mother’s gift to him.
Cas’s sister. Dean felt a familiar worry again.
“She’s not going anywhere Dean,” Bobby winked. “When the time comes, we’ll see what we can work out,” he said.
“Yeah - that’s not going to happen.”
.he had made them sandwiches...it reminded Dean of the simpler times of their life together. They drove to see some scenic mountains...it was a beautiful day. Dean bought everyone pumpkins...they got hungry...there was conversation and food on the bench in a park near a stream....the birthday party….kids playing. He had held Cas’s hand. Cas had smiled at him. Dean heard what he thought was gunfire….Cas was bleeding...his hands were cold...it was the  ice.. Cas drove him back to his apartment...He realized it was fireworks.. Cas told him...He was embarrassed...he was so fucking ashamed and he was scared...he was afraid of going back to the way things were when he kept making Cas bleed in his head...so he broke a mirror, even worse he broke Cas’s heart again..he broke his own..he ran..
Dean for his part was doing everything he could now to keep it together. He fought the tightness in his throat to get the words out.
Cas flicked his eyes to the side wall to avoid her stare.
Sunday dinners were a tradition Fred and Mildred shared with Garth’s family and Dean had been going since joining them in Valens. Sam even came up for a weekend once or twice and joined them. Garth played guitar and would sit on the back porch after dinner strumming some tunes. Mildred liked to sing and coaxed some of the younger nieces and nephews who sometimes visited to join in. Apparently, music was just something they all grew up with, so sharing it with each other was natural. Dean thought it was hokey at first but then decided it was just..well nice. Garth taught Dean a few cords and Dean thought he might one day like to get his own guitar and teach himself to play. It seemed simple enough once you learned the chords. Garth lent Dean an old beat-up guitar to keep at his apartment. Sometimes Benny would even come over and the three of them would try out a few tunes.
Cas beamed a bright smile, “Okay then...See ya Dean….and Dean!”
“Run!” he mouthed silently as he imagined them there. Tears streamed from his eyes freely now and he found himself whispering, because it's all he had left, “Take him and run...” He would tell them to find that island - run to Canada, anywhere the war couldn’t reach them. Build Cas a house, with a  picket fence, he thought...but Dean had been too proud not to fight. His mind was swimming, voiding, folding in on itself. He felt like his head was being spun on one of those carnival rides that glue you to the wall with centrifugal force. He was too weak to sit up anymore. His gut wrenched and consciousness faded in and out. He felt sand on his face… grains in his mouth….another wave crashed in on his mind and it was gone. It was suddenly hard to breathe but Dean couldn’t remember why. Another pain like being ripped open contorted his body and he cried out. His eyes opened, he tried to push up with his hands..his mind searched to grab onto something as everything slipped away with the incoming tide.
John had been gone two weeks longer than he’d said he would and Dean had stretched every cent they had for as long as he could. He couldn’t ask for help. That’s how they find out you’re pretty much on your own. That's how the authorities end up taking you away and splitting you up. Dean would never let that happen - Sam was all he had. So he followed the man to his hotel room while Sam was in school.
“Hey, I told you if you were drowning I’d send in a lifeboat.” Benny said smiling. Benny glanced at Dean, suddenly serious. “The way you make music, the way your fingers move on that guitar, the way it channels your emotions. That’s your lifeboat Dean. Use that.”
she leaned forward suddenly, eyes wide. "You’re still La-La over this 'Dean' guy aren’t you?”
“Good,” Dean whispered, his gaze dropping to Cas’s lips, thumbing his bottom lip lower slightly, teasing his finger inside to feel the gentle play of Cas’s teeth and tongue on him - his hand still firm against his cheek.
Cas laughed. “I don’t know...never done this before. I would imagine pretty far.”
Crowley held up three fingers in question. Dean countered with four. Crowley smiled approvingly as he poured. Four for Dean and two for himself.
As much as Dean remembered Cas wishing he could see his sister again, that was years ago. He had no idea what had happened since and what his feelings might be on the subject now. Dean didn’t want to get deeper on Cas’s shit list by giving out his number to someone who had been essentially estranged from him.
, in those first years after Dean left. He had been so generous, and so attentive, and patient. Cas felt a little bit like he’d owed him something in return. He’d owed it to him to try at least.
“Shhh” Sam said, putting a finger up as an operator’s voice came on the line. “Can I get the number for San Francisco General Hospital?” Sam asked. Sam grabbed a pad and pencil and wrote it down.
Dean turned the car around.
“Hey, I remember you, boy. You're John Winchester's kid.”
“Beautiful night boys!”  Balthazar’s expression was closed as he flicked his eyes from Dean to Cas who had gotten off the bike.
“I’m buying her from you Bobby,” he told him one day. You just gotta give me some time to get up the cash.
“They have a Castiel Novak….They said he’s resting. They can’t give any more information out over the phone due to patient confidentiality.” Sam said.
‘- he's here right now actually.’
In the night he would sometimes wake to find Cas laying next to him, just gazing at him with that musing look in his eyes, and a sleepy smile would spread across Dean’s face knowing that they belonged to each other, and so had all the time in the world really. Cas would be there for him when he was rested and ready, pulling Dean on top of him to settle in between his parted thighs, his hands gripping Dean’s ass firmly, urging him to press his cock inside his already slicked and prepared hole, mewling little sweet sounds and encouragements as he rocked up into him, topping from the bottom.
Dean had a plan. The place he had been the happiest he ever remembered being before the war. Where Cas had smiled, and dreamed and made his heart feel pure and new. Somehow it was fitting it be there. Cas had been so happy that the glow spilled out from his eyes and lips and smile as he walked along the shore. Yelling back over the sound of the waves ‘
“I want to show you something I
“Are you hungry?” Dean asked, shouting slightly to be heard above the loud music and chatter from neighboring tables that had started to fill in around them.
The song ended. The air they breathed was thick with emotion - silent but for the sound of the needle as it skidded to the end of the LP before automatically lifting back into its resting place.
“We have
” British monarchy and the queen and Dean took the opportunity to switch the topic to Queen and Brian May’s talent as a guitar player,
“Of course.”
I guess.” His eyes were back on the albums sifted by his fingers. “Nothing
His fingers trembled over the letter from Cas. Dean opened it, began reading. All of his plans to lovingly lay siege to Cas’s heart and bring down the walls there, suddenly undone with one line.
“Me too….It’s quiet, and calm, well except for the kids downstairs sometimes,” he smiled.  “But they’re good kids. Aren’t you tired from driving?”
Anyway! I hope you enjoyed this chapter. It was a lot of reading editing and writing in the wee hours of the mornings this week but I got it done after all! Let me know what you think in the comments!
Near the corner Dean spotted a man about his age huddled in an alley against a closed storefront. A sign simply said “hungry”. He hesitated for a beat as he recognized the standard issue military green jacket of a vet. Cas was rushing ahead of him now though, past a food truck and around the corner to a place with outdoor tables overlooking the northern waterfront. Dean hastened to catch up.
**********
Cas let out a quick breath at the sight of Dean's cock.
“Cassie -”
Cas shivered, relaxing his body into Dean until his back was flush against him. He hummed happily at the feel of Dean’s teeth and tongue playing along bare skin as he kissed a path back up to his earlobe, teasing there. Dean brought one hand under Cas's shirt, wandering along the muscles of his torso as he kissed him, the other slipping slowly down to palm the front of his jeans. Cas moaned softly, at the feel of Dean's fingers exploring him, his legs parting slightly as Dean's hand slid along the curve between his thighs.
had taken to sounding mournful and lonesome in his hands of late. Who was he kidding? Dean shook his head. He should have just put on the sweats.
Dean rolled his eyes, bringing his gaze full circle to pin Cas like the answer should be obvious. “You, dumbass,” he said playfully, “You!
Dean lost track of the days. Without Cas, time didn’t really matter. Day or night, it all blended together, the pain of dreams or the pain of waking reality. The only thing Dean craved was oblivion. Leaving Bobby, Dean rode up the coast for what seemed like days, only stopping to sleep, sometimes rough, sometimes at a cheap motel or hostel. He didn’t know where he was going, just that he was going. When he was far enough away he started staying a few weeks at a time at one backwater town after another making his way as far north as Oregon. He brought some money with him and hustled occasionally to afford more booze or drugs. That was until he could figure out what he was doing. Now he knew. Dean reckoned he had enough money with him to last a few weeks more. That was more than he figured he needed anyway.
Cas nodded toward the drink. “I’ll have the same. Thanks.”
What exactly were he and Dean to each other now? They’d had what Cas thought was an amazing date, and then a hot bout of whatever the hell that was in the back of Dean’s car, but were they a couple again?
“Would you like something to drink Dean?” Hannah asked. “There’s iced tea, diet cola or beer in the fridge, you can go in and help yourself.”
“You’re taking over the tables on the terrace. Angela will take over yours.”
he finished more softly.
...like a whipped dog who's been tossed a few scraps.”
He jerked his head in a way that invited Cas to climb on.
A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts. “Come in.”
Cas dropped the knife and cheese, “Oh Rachel!”  His face lit up as he gave Rachel a celebratory hug. “That's fantastic! I’m so proud of you! So happy for you!”
In the meantime, the work at the club and the warehouse combined made Cas just enough to cover his rent and expenses now while he got his plans in order. He didn’t need his mother’s money, or anyone else’s for the first time in a long time and that felt amazing.
“Thanks Sam. Talk to you tomorrow. Tell Jess I’ll meet her at ten unless she’s busy with something else."
. It wasn’t the first time.
Balthazar saved Cas from being alone, but not from loneliness. The hole that Dean left was like the essential piece of a puzzle. Balthazar tried to fit, but he would never be Dean, and without that missing piece, Cas wondered if he’d ever be whole.
Dean snorted, his eyes still closed as he smiled.
When Dean picked up the phone and heard Cas’s voice his insides were suddenly churning, blood coursing. He kept his voice steady nonetheless and managed to piece together enough coherent sentences to not sound like he’d been sitting by the phone, hoping for Cas to call, even though he was certain that's exactly what Sam would have accused him of.
sorry for taking Dean away from you this weekend. He really wanted to be with you Castiel.”
dream.
“Slowly,” he said looking directly at Cas. Dean nodded encouragement as he recognized understanding in Cas’s expression.
“Yeah….I know it's meddling but I feel like...I don’t know.”
Dean stared silently after him for a moment.
“Oh!” Cas said it, but the surprised “o” shape stayed fixed on his lips for a moment more as he absorbed the fact that what started as teasing had turned into an opening for a whole realm of possible play. The reality went straight to his dick and he felt it hardening slightly in his jeans. “Oh fuck..” he muttered under his breath looking away and then back as Dean chuckled, grabbing an onion ring and popping it into his mouth.
**********
Dean was quiet, not liking the question. His eyes skirted Crowley's face. “Fuck you man,” he said, tipping back the glass and draining it.
“Dean!” Cas whispered urgently. Dean's arms slid up Cas’s back, his hands hooking each of Cas’s shoulders as he brought their foreheads together and nuzzled gently against Cas’s cheek.
“I don’t know actually,” he said. “I just remembered a doctor from school helping someone that way. I guess it just kicked in, I don’t really remember thinking about it.”
"Not in a while. I got back into it a little back when I was in Oregon, but only a few times. I did pretty well considering how long it's been," he shrugged.
“Really Sam? What do you think I spent two years doing in Oregon? Fucking talking, okay?”
. The finality of it broke Dean’s heart all over again.
They both ran down their schedules in their heads. This week would be near impossible. The one night Cas had free Dean had scheduled an appointment with Pamela Barnes, the psychologist Rufus recommended. Without a doubt he wanted to break it in favor of meeting up with Cas, but the fear of what happened in the park happening again made him keep it...if it meant he’d be better for Cas, he’d do it...he’d do anything.
Cas shrugged smugly, “At least Charlie seems to think so.”
Dean ripped the man's hand away from his shirt.
"Mr. Novak!"
In the well of Dean’s silence Rufus added, “and that’s how I know you’re stronger, not weaker Dean. You’re stronger than you’ve ever been before. It was the right thing, calling.”
“She’s not exactly my type what with having a vagina and all-”
Cas drove as fast as safety allowed in order to get Dean back to his apartment as quickly as possible. Glancing from the road to Dean, he felt a sick foreboding familiarity. Cas recognized the look in Dean’s eyes. He’d been haunted by that look
Rufus narrowed his eyes and nodded, “Huh…” Pressing his lips together he looked Dean dead in the eyes assessing him.
Dean probably had the tv guide -
“I’m sorry about how things worked out with Duma.” Cas had no idea what had happened between them - how they met, what they were like together, if they had been good for each other once - none of it. Up until a few months ago Cas and Gabriel hadn’t spoken in years - the entire era in Gabriel’s life a total mystery.
“When you gonna tell us who we can call Dean?”
If anything, Dean thought, it was unusually warm in the bunker tonight.
As soon as the door closed Cas sighed. It all felt unreal. Like he was in some dream state that dulled his senses. He didn’t know what to do. Cas finished his coffee, showered, and left for work. To say he was preoccupied all day was an understatement.
“I don’t understand...Dean, I never meant to force you to be here but I thought .....I thought you were comfortable here. I don’t understand what changed. Where would you get the idea I don’t want you here?”
In the moments he had awoken the night before to see Castiel nearby, he was comforted. Knowing that Cas was occasionally waking to check on him - watch over him, made him feel safe and loved in a way he’d hadn’t since they’d shared a life together all those years ago.
Cas yelled, swiping at the tears where they ran below his glasses. He turned on his heels and started up the lawn.
that this shit happened to other guys too. But it was another thing altogether for him to have to vomit up all the sordid details of his failings. Dean liked to pretend he didn't care, but a niggling voice inside him told him if he did ever "open up," that would be the end of this
Dean shook his head,“Sorry, I didn’t plan on staying.”
Dean woke up on his own couch Sunday morning with a hangover he hadn’t earned. The pounding headache was purely from stress and poor sleep and the malaise from sadness. Sam was a wreck the night before, and after hours of coming clean about what was really going on for the past few months in their deceptively happy home, Dean walked Sam into his bedroom, and made him get some sleep, taking the couch for himself.
“I’ll be here!”
Cas shook his head on his end of the line, “Dean, there’s nothing to fix. The past is done. It’s....it's all new now." His voice dropped to a whisper
him...
“Bullshit Dean!” Cas said desperately, looking at him now. “You’re not broken! You’ve never been broken. It was just a
backyard, and as the twilight came on they would listen to the crickets and cicadas chirping. Cas loved the sound of cicadas which he always said sounded like summer. Then Dean would take Cas by the hand, leading him back inside, into their
Crowley glanced over to the men still drinking by the pool table. They were getting drunker and louder. Dean, in his stupor, was vaguely aware of them, sounds and words and vibrations only.
“And what about you?” Benny persisted.
“That’s what it sounds like to me Dean. Damn smart of him too.” Rufus paused. Letting that sink in. “Do you remember anything else?”
of you. You could maybe outrun it for a time, but it was always there, ready to overwhelm you again the moment you slowed down. It was the only time her star had gone dark like that around him and he’d wanted to soothe away her pain.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, “That’s something, I guess.”
**********
“I’m fine, No headache, no flashing lights. Anyway, seems I’m a hell of a lot better than you at the moment.”
“If you ever feel like you need to...you know, go out with Meg - do that shit...you can call me first...if you want that is...and we can talk.”
“Cas,” Dean cocked his head, “please don’t get your hopes-”
Dean looked sheepishly back at Cas and Cas rolled his eyes unamused.
Cas threw the bloodied napkins in the trash then crouched down near Dean’s knee so he could look directly into his eyes. Dean was just staring blankly at the ice in his hands, his fingers dripping. Cas knelt, closing his own hands over Dean’s forcing him to press harder into the ice. Dean was still breathing unnaturally, stuttered, like sobs with no tears or cries to accompany them - his arms and shoulders shaking.
“That fool idjit in Frisco’s screwed up a major part order. Now the work’s all backed up and I need someone to go down and straighten her out or people’ll be pissed they won’t have their cars done by the holiday at this rate.”
Dean lost himself for a moment.
“How about a movie?” Dean suggested. It sucked that they wouldn’t be able to carve out some time in private but at least a movie theater might give them some privacy, and a matinee would be less crowded. Cas grabbed a newspaper and scanned the ‘Arts’ section for theater listings.
“You still there Dean?” Benny was asking.
**********
On his way home from work Dean stopped at a store to pick up something little he’d seen that had made him think warmly about Cas. He kept it stashed on the front seat of the car while he quickly ran into his apartment to shower, shave and get dressed.
The club was divided into two levels, the upper level was an outer “U'' shaped ring of small tables and booths sized for one or two couples and the lower level had a large dance floor with a bar across one wall. The dance floor was bright white, lit from beneath and pulsing at times with the music. Dean led Cas up to the upper level which seemed more private and slightly less packed and they slid into an open booth.
“I’m gonna drive you crazy tonight, my sweetheart...do you want that?
If you haven't read my multiple posts about it I am transitioning the title slowly to not confuse those who subscribed by email and stepped away. Next time I post, the revised title (Where All My Journey's End) will be the lead.
Cas just shrugged. He felt for a long time like he was just spinning his wheels, and what little new things there were to tell Cas wasn’t sure Dean would react well to, or want to hear. He certainly didn’t want to be reminded of them himself.
“God I missed you so much Cas!.... Wanna take you home with me,” he choked.
Cas wanted to clamp a hand over Dean’s mouth and hold him tight, refusing to let him go until he swore to be kinder to himself.
Hannah smiled. "Cas tells me he met you at a party."
And before he could take it back Dean turned and bolted down the stairs and outside. Cas fought against the urge to run after him and stop him. Instead, he slid down against the wall where he’d been standing until he was crumpled on the floor. Putting his face in his hands, Cas cried.
Cas felt his heart rend, weary of being stretched over the distance that seemed always between them. Dean longing to hold him, Cas longing to be held. It was everything he wanted. Everything he'd been afraid to let himself hope for again.
Dean froze, actually looked chastened. He and Sam had been calling each other that for most of their lives. “I..I’m really sorry Jess. I didn’t mean..” Jessica was big into Women’s Liberation, come to think of it he supported that too. He never really thought about the words.
“No Cas,” Dean whispered again. “I can do better.
“No Dean. It wasn’t you. It was...” Cas swallowed and looked to his sister and Jess, “Anyway, Rachel came to help with the last of the boxes and I wanted her to meet Jess.”
“Cas...I’m sssso sorry about tht th tht this,” he chattered, shivering and pulling his arms around to warm himself. Dean felt terrible. All he’d come here for was to try to convince Cas into at least giving him a second chance or third or whatever number it was now. But all the words had come out wrong. Now he was on the couch like a shivering child and he could barely think straight, his mind flitting from one non sequitur to the next, unable to follow a coherent thread anymore. His teeth chattered so hard it rattled his skull and he ached, bodily and in his heart, and
Dean’s voice broke as he continued. “I still….well Jesus you saw how I still have those episodes sometimes, where I lose it. Cas, I just don’t want to be that person around you.”
“Wait Cassie!” Jenny ran into the garage and came back out holding a hairband with black furry cat ears up to him. “Witches need their kitty cats for magic!”
“Can we talk Cas?” Dean asked softly.
“You’ll catch flies with your mouth open like that Cas!” he teased, “is it really so shocking that I’d want to have a picnic with you?"
That changed once he met Cas. Dean was still Dean, but he loved someone now. For the first time in his life he really felt it. Not just lust, but love for someone who could actually be hurt by the judgments or retributions of others. So Dean learned to “be polite” for Cas. To at least acknowledge if not play by the rules of society. To be protective, even if his disorderly and rebellious nature was only barely held in check.
“Why did you do that Cas?” Dean whispered, crying out softly to nothing but the cool night air, “I’m so sorry I didn’t deserve it.”
“Full size!” Cas smiled, forcing himself back to the moment to admire the candy bar in question. “No wonder she’s mobbed with trick or treaters!”
Dean met Rufus’s eyes with an impassive stare. Rufus waited patiently for Dean to speak. It was Dean who finally broke contact.
Thank you to those of you who have responded positively. I appreciate the feedback. I never wrote a fic before Feb of 2021 so I appreciate those of you who are still with me!
“Indulge me Brother,” Benny smiled glancing first at Dean and then to the others. “Back in the time of the Romans of course everyone was dependent on the land, much more so than today. Tied to the seasons. A short growing season or a long one was the difference between starvation and survival. You with me so far?”
“Dean,” he said. “You’re my kin, you know that.”
, helping out some lost stranger. It could have easily been Dean. He thought about Fred, and how when he was face down in the sand without hope, Fred had reached out for him, just as Cas was reaching out for this nameless man, lost in his own way.
When the man didn’t answer Dean tightened his grip on his shoulders pulling him forward and slamming him back into the wall.
“Thanks,” he said, automatically grabbing two packets of sugar and stirring in cream.
Dean nodded, “Some guy brought him in. Said he was his “brother” but Cas doesn’t have a brother with that name.”
Treading across the dunes Dean saw a mother with two small children playing as she packed up their things for the day. He took the bottle and pills, dropping his pack just below the grasses in the dunes where he could watch the sun set. He stood quietly, downing half a bottle of Jack Daniels in one draw. The warmth of the liquor hit him immediately, spreading through his core. He sat down next to the pack, empty now of everything that could identify him, nothing of the person he once was. Dean wanted to slip away, unnoticed. Sam could just go on believing he had started a life somewhere else. It seemed a kindness at the time.
“Dean! You’re safe! It’s okay! I’ve got you!” Cas reached a hand over to touch his shoulder but Dean recoiled towards the door.
Cas could practically see the wheels turning in Charlie's mind as she eyed him suspiciously.
Was there anything left in which he wouldn’t find the threads of their past to tangle him?
“Don’t say that,” Cas shook his head.
“What?” Dean asked, confused by the well of emotion he saw there.
Cas had only been home from the warehouse for about ten minutes the next day when Hannah, his landlady knocked on the door. It felt weird to refer to Hannah as a “landlady.” It sounded so old, and Hannah was young, about his own age.
Cas perked up.
Dean stepped between them.
Dean had asked to see him….and Cas wanted so desperately to see Dean - and they would be together again soon….and that was all that mattered to him in this moment.
sounded like a perfect Saturday afternoon when he and Cas were planning it. But since walking up the lawn, Dean’s ‘perfect’ had shifted. Right now
“The poison was spellwork,” Cas breathed, wincing as Dean touched a sensitive part of the wound. “Breaking the runes stopped the poison, but the lance still sliced into my vessel.”
“Awww sugar, I doubt it’d be one you’d pick.”
“So I’m sitting on the end of the couch...your head is resting on me, in my lap...we’re watching the Thin Man together...my fingers brushing through your hair. Rubbing the back of your neck...Just like we used to.”
“I cried and yelled and screamed the night my parents kicked him out of the house. They sounded just like your brother. When he called today it was like hearing them yelling all over again.”
Sam chuckled when he saw the title Dreamboat Annie in his collection until Dean cued up White Lightning and Wine and Crazy On You and Sam heard Nancy Wilson play. Her fingers worked magic across the frets, making one guitar do the work of two or three, and Ann had a bluesy hard rocking edged voice that would impress any Zeppelin fan.
“CAS!” Dean cried, “Cas I’m so sorry! I’m here!”
Cas’s eyebrows shot up. “I am fairly certain you’re going to hell, Dean,” Cas crossed his arms over his chest, shaking his head at him before breaking into a laugh.
“We should go out to dinner tonight,” Balthazar suggested.
….Instead he was thrown away like garbage. It was enlist, or end up on the street. You needed your parents to sign their permission if you were underage and my father did. Said the military would “straighten him out.” Will was over there less than two months when we got the telegram.
How it felt to bring home the prize, knowing he’d provided something extra for them
Dean gave Cas an adorably sheepish, pleading look, and Cas nodded assent. They ordered one to share, and two beers.
He glanced at the phone.
With his left arm freed, Dean shoved the tattooed guy off of him, grabbing a nearby chair and smashing it over his head, while Sam grabbed Red baseball cap, blood now pouring from his nose, and threw him across the room. His back slammed into the side of the pool table and he collapsed into a moaning heap.
“Hey Cas.” Dean nodded to the cab as it took off, “Where’s your car?”
Suddenly his breath caught and Cas swallowed against the familiar lump in his throat. He opened his eyes, willing them not to water as he shook off the memory. The needle made a tortured
If there was ever anybody Dean was going to trust with his heart and soul and life,
Before he realized what he was doing his fist smashed into the glass of the mirror, shards falling away from the frame into the sink.
He peeked his head in to find Fred resting, his eyes closed. An oxygen tube was fixed on his nose, and wires connected to various beeping and humming monitors that kept track of his vital signs.
“Um….okay.” Cas looked at the clock making note of the time. On the TV the young Sir Henry Baskerville was just meeting up with Dr. Mortimer.
For his own part, Cas was unsure what to do. This was the first time he stood face to face with Dean in heaven. Though he would never take it back, he was not entirely sure the declaration he had made to Dean at their last meeting was entirely welcome.
“5th Infantry. Vietnam.”
“Cas, it looks like a hearse…. and it's not even a good engine!”
Cas looked down, biting his tongue and continuing with the cucumber he’d started slicing.
Cas nodded, “Good.”
Cas hummed along with the lyrics in his head, his mind automatically returning to the quandary currently taking up residence on his couch, the melody in his heart.
Dean couldn’t bring himself to look at Cas. His eyes rested occasionally on some patch of Cas’s floor before moving on to another area. He was vaguely aware of Cas stepping away for a few moments, returning to push a glass of water into his hand. He placed a banana on the coffee table in front of him. Dean took a few sips of the water, then placed the cup back on the table.
Cas’s ears were ringing slightly from the club on the ride home and Dean left the radio off. It had started to rain. Whenever he could spare a hand from the wheel Dean reached down to take Cas’s hand in his. The closer they got to Dean’s apartment the more Cas’s insides buzzed and hummed. Cas felt his hand shaking slightly as Dean took it again. Dean must have felt it too, because he turned slightly, regarding him.
Despite his need to get up for an early shift at the warehouse in the morning, he was too worked up with anger to fall asleep. He was so sick of this goddamned shit! He'd always been so careful, trying to play by their rules. Always hiding who he was.
Dean felt a rush of energy flow out of him, stopping and leaning for a minute with his back against the wall just outside Fred’s room to regain his legs. He needed a moment. The tears finally breaking free and spilling over. Tears of relief, mixed with joy and tears of release. He wiped his eyes with his hands before straightening up and making his way back to the visitor’s lounge where Mildred was waiting.
Okay...Dean begins a long road. This is an inside to what MIGHT have happened in his timeline in all of those missing months / years in T&S. New chapter in two weeks!
“Easy sweetheart, just mean you're glowing, all lit up from the inside...it’s bewitching.”
“Yeah, right! I still remember how you took on that dirtbag at school for calling me a dyke and tripping me down the bleachers. You kicked his ass...To me that was pretty badass Cas! And that was back when I hated your guts too!”
Dean nodded, rebuked. His hands began clutching at the table cloth where it fell along his thighs. “Okay, good. I’m glad Cas.” Not believing it, but knowing he had no standing from which to judge Cas at this point. He had given away his right to have any input in Cas’s life when he left him, without any word.
He didn’t feel comfortable talking about the few conversations he’d had with Jessica and in truth they consisted of just two phone calls and the lunch date they’d had on his way to his new place with Rachel. Jessica had first called him the week after their reunion at the Cafe Luna. She’d tearfully told Cas how sorry she was about the way she’d let go of his friendship after Dean left.
He checked his watch, wondering if he should slip away to try Cas again while they were waiting for the doctors, fearful their tentative reconciliation could fall apart at any moment.
It was difficult sitting where he was as another ambulance rushed in but Dean was desperate to make out the words.
If you want to skip the section with the TW's stop at the full line of ^^^^^ and scroll until you see it end it with the same. I'll give a summary in end notes so you'll know what you missed. If you're on the fence you can go to the summary (spoiler) and then decide if you want to go back.
“Something happen between you and Cas?”
“I don’t need a shrink.”
A wave of some feeling Cas couldn’t quite describe pulsed through him.
“Dean we haven’t even started yet. You think because you’ve been out of the theater for a year you’re home?”
Dean shook his head..
At the sound of soft footsteps down the hall Cas turned to see Charlie in a long nightshirt padding towards her kitchen. She caught a glimpse of him as she rounded the corner and stopped at the doorframe.
They both knew it was a promise neither could guarantee.
This seemed like a
This post is pretty raw, and originally I had planned to include a little more in this chapter but work has been kicking my ass and I wanted to post something this week. I often find myself going back a few days after posting and cleaning up or fixing or reworking paragraphs or phrases and will probably do this to this chapter as well, but overall the essence doesn't change. Hope you enjoy your week. Postings WILL likely be erratic now that fall is here but I won't abandon you, so if you are still reading I would suggest subscribing to make sure you know when a new chapter is posted.
Cas’s eyes were wide. Dean needed to protect him. A percussion wave hit them and they were falling, the sky was tearing apart, Cas was bleeding.
Balthazar scowled, heading straight for the kitchenette, “Yes, I imagine it was.”
Since Dean moved back he and Sam had become closer than ever. They had made a habit of having family dinners at least once or twice a week and almost always, Dean would play on Jess’s guitar, or even sometimes, bring his own over and they would play together. Just messing around on it really - but it was something to pass the time together, maybe the influence of his time with Garth. Sam made the mistake of telling them once he wished he knew how to play an instrument so he could join in. Dean smirked. The next dinner Dean showed up with a tambourine complete with flowers painted on the skin and about 20 frilly, 2 foot long ribbons hanging from the side.
He looked over at Cas, who again smiled at the bear before turning to Dean.
and selfless and Dean couldn’t remember all of the words to that verse he’d once heard as a child, but he was pretty sure if you looked up the word ‘Love’ in the dictionary Cas’s picture would be there. Dean rubbed a frustrated hand over his forehead. He knew it didn’t help to beat himself up over it now.
Gabriel popped his hands in his pockets and glanced towards the street. “You wanna go get coffee or something?”
“Wait, where are you going?” Cas realized he was heading for the door.
He turned, “I'll be right back. I have some pies in the car.”
for him.
“You should fuck off now,” Cas said firmly, straightening up as his jaw tightened.
Dean got the door open and he and Cas helped Sam stand long enough to walk him over and deposit him on Dean’s couch.
“Hey where you going?” Sam yelled.
Inside the apartment, Cas gestured for Dean to sit as he went to the kitchen, sorting around in the freezer and coming back with a bag of frozen peas. Dean accepted it and settled it on his jaw, which was already starting to color. Cas gave Dean a warm washcloth to clean the blood from his lips and sat down in a chair opposite. He looked exhausted. Cas looked miserable.
“Sure….I think your temperature's probably low enough for one now.”
Sam opened the door a crack and seeing that Dean was awake, rubbed his forehead. “You have any aspirin?”
“Balthazar?”
Before Cas could reason himself out of it he picked up the phone and dialed.
her mother had said dismissively.
Dean heard an exhale on the line. “Thank you Dean.” Cas said, his voice a little tight.
Cas! Right here!” Dean tried, in his own defense.
“You want to know if I’m going back there?” Cas shook his head. “No Dean. I won’t.”
“Baltha--”
“So you are firing me.” Cas’s eyes blazed with disgust “You literally commended my performance last week but some man comes up to you, not to complain about my service, but to hurl a nasty insinuation about me and you are firing me." Cas became more animated, raising his voice.
**********
Crowley scowled. “Can’t. Have to take care of a few things. My place, my rules boys. We’ll reopen nine thirty.”
Cas chose not to tell Hannah that his usual bender involved copious amounts of coke, smack and alcohol. He couldn’t help but think about the difference now. If he were back in San Francisco he would have gone straight to Meg, straight to oblivion. He felt sad thinking about it now. He liked Meg, even loved her in a strange way. There was something so broken about her that he understood, but maybe he had been using her. He felt a pang of guilt and wondered where she was tonight - if she was okay.
“So what do you do these days when you’re not working at Bobby’s shop?” Cas asked.
” Dean yelled, rummaging through a junk drawer, spilling the contents as he frantically searched for a pen - his fingers uncoordinated - his mind and body out of sync.
Despite the fact that it was still somewhat early in the day, the tension and stress of the past 48 hours had taken its toll on both of them. It wasn’t long into
“It's just that - that section of coast is all natural preserve.” The man eyed the hollowed look of Dean's eyes, the gaunt, yellowed skin.
“This is just something to keep you calm.”
“I’m fine.”
Cas suddenly realized what had happened as the adults in the distance lit another M80 along with a string of firecrackers and cherry bombs, kids yelling, jumping and screaming in delight, oblivious to the effect this was having on the strangers across the field.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus Cas, I don’t know,” Dean said exaggerating the words, “maybe they could just freaking ask them?”
“F12 then,” she smiled, winking at him as she turned to wait on some new arrivals at a nearby table.
Their conversation ebbed and flowed as they watched. Dean asked Cas what he’d been doing for work and Cas told him about the warehouse, omitting the story of events at the club. Cas in turn asked after Bobby and his work, then told Dean about Charlie, and Hanna, and even his nascent reconciliation of sorts with Gabriel.
“I already replaced the mirror Dean, you don’t have to worry abo-”
“How did we get here?” Dean asked suddenly, looking around.
“Okay then….” Cas said finally. “This was nice....See ya Dean.”
Dean spoke. It all came out of him. He hadn’t planned what to say and found himself rambling through different threads at first about life before, during, and after the war. Raising Sammy, never wanting a serious relationship, but then finding Cas, loving him and then coming home alive, only to lose him to the war anyway. His story ended with Fred finding him. Dean fought through the urge to close himself off a few times. He stared at the floor the whole time, his eyes cast somewhere near the center of the circle, not willing to meet anyone’s eyes, concentrating on keeping his voice steady and the tears that otherwise might flow in check.
“How’s med school Cas?” Jess asked.
“Oh god Dean...feels so good.”
really.” He let out a breath, his shoulders releasing some of their tension. “Anyway - You just make sure you get better, and do what the doctors tell you, you stubborn son of a bitch!” Dean laughed. “And get some sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.” He rose and put a hand on Fred’s shoulder.
Cas cocked his head in that way he often did when he couldn’t understand Dean.
“What drive-in?”
And if Dean had trouble meeting Cas’s eye this morning, that feeling would fade by the end of the day as the three of them watched old movies and Dean laughed as Cas tried to figure out the cosmic nuances of Young Frankenstein and Abbot and Costello. And if Dean started the day on the opposite side of the room from Cas, he would in time close the distance as Cas was...well Cas, and it only took a short while in his presence to feel at home again. And if Dean sat a little bit closer to Cas than he would anyone else, he would pretend not to notice. Sammy would pretend not to notice. Cas would pretend not to notice, but his heart would be filled with the warmth of Dean’s closeness just the same.
Dean went in and grabbed a soda for each of them and rejoined Hannah on the porch, just in time for another wave of witches, ghouls, and superheroes to grab their loot.
Cas smiled thinking about the summers he and Rachel spent playing hide and seek, making fairy houses and chasing fireflies. He and Rachel had been a team against the tyranny of their elder brothers. Gabriel liked to tease and trick them, but he was always good-natured in the end, sometimes standing in between them and Michael, whose “jokes” and pranks were always more malicious in nature. It was as if, as the first child, he resented having to share their parents’ attention with everyone who came after him.
“Don’t be a stranger.”
“Can I give you a ride?” Dean motioned to his bike in the lot.
“Don’t say it!” Cas yelled from the open window of the Volkswagen.
Now, in the dark, alone, next to Cas, Dean allowed his emotions to break over the dam. Just a brief moment of release as he choked back a sob and let the tears flow covering his face with his hands.
“But” Benny continued, fixing Dean with his eyes now as if he were the only one in the room, “the Romans knew if they held on, if they lit a candle, if they kept moving forward they too would rise out of their own darkness again. They
For a moment neither moved. Dean was unprepared for the suddenness of what he felt. He wanted to grab Cas... hold him tight and beg forgiveness for ever leaving him. Instead, after a moment he offered Cas an awkward smile then sat down in the chair in between him and Sam. Dean took a sip of his beer, wondering how he had ever fooled himself into thinking he could handle this.
Cas immediately pivoted. “Thank you for Rachel’s number.”
“I said I wouldn’t.” Cas snapped.
Cas crossed his arms, one hand reaching up to rub the tension from his brow. Trying to will himself not to shatter emotionally into a million pieces in front of the neighborhood.
Seeing Sam broken made Dean feel broken. They sat together around the coffee table, neither talking at first, but Dean’s mind was racing, desperate to fix things for Sammy like he had always done when Sam was hurt. Dean knew though that this wasn’t his problem to fix, and that might have been the hardest part.
dickish of his two brothers.
“I’m sorry but who the hell are you now?”
Castiel turned, “What, baby?”
Dean got worse before he got better. The cold air from the long ride home, still with fever on him, led to a cough and congestion settling in his chest. All told it was Friday night before the last trace of fever finally broke.
Cas touched his own lips now, remembering how it felt to be Dean’s.
“And he went off with you? Just like that?” she smiled curiously.
“What thing?”
He got up and wiped the grease from his hands with a towel before heading out.
Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had chills like this.
“Hi,” Hannah said nervously as they all got closer.
Cas laughed nervously against him, "That's dangerous Dean. We shouldn't...we can't let-"
up for a challenge, fought to keep his own expression in check. The last thing he wanted to do was end up in a cockfight and upset Cas. He had hurt him enough.
, could choose to trust...he could choose
“I’m fine Cas.” Dean pulled Cas’s hand down and held it, hands slick with sweat. “I just came to give you something and...
Dean could
So he didn’t. He decided for once not to try to define it but to just let it be whatever it would become.
It rang...Dean waited ten rings before finally hanging up.
Getting undressed, Cas slipped into the shower. Every muscle in his body was tense and he wanted to punch something. Instead, he let the warm spray soak over him and tried to think of his future. He thought about getting out more med school applications tomorrow after his shift at the warehouse. He would have to look for another part-time job, and he’d have to talk to Charlie of course. No doubt she would want a full report of how things went down.
Rufus made an agreeing nod, “Or out. So what’s it gonna be?”
know. A place I
“No one’s ever...I’ve never been on a picnic before Dean,” he said, a soft expression overtaking him. “At least not one that wasn’t a family event.”
Dean told Benny about the hospital, seeing Cas come in, the flashback, the panic attack.
Oooooh….oooooh
Dean slowly stepped up to the landing and Cas could see what had stopped Dean in his tracks. A figure, hunched over, sitting on the floor outside the apartment. A man, elbows resting on his knees, head in his hands as if to hide his face from the world.
"You deserve good things. You may not believe it right now, but it's true. You deserve good things. Understand?"
Within minutes Dean had pursued him with all the subtlety of a stag in rut, and over the next several months spent nearly every breath trying to convince Cas that he was special, beautiful, adored, worthy of being loved. Cas, much to his misfortune had let himself believe, and loved Dean in return with every part of him.
me saying goodbye....” Cas kissed him again, “Please tell me
“Was she mad?”
“Hey -I’m leaving tomorrow and you can do whatever you want,” Dean jumped back on the bike “but tonight humor me.”
Cas’s laugh was more of a moan. His body shooting tingles through his core from everywhere Dean moved his hands and lips. Dean made it sound as if it was some devious plan, instead of just the natural reaction Cas had to falling into Dean’s gravity. If anything, Cas felt like Dean was the one who’d cast a spell. Cas was completely in his thrall. He could lower his lips to Cas’s neck right now and sink in his teeth like a vampire in some old movie and Cas would let him drink his fill...would follow him willingly into eternal damnation.
Jess joined in again and as their voices danced against each other until finally blending into the final verse
“Look buddy, Thanks and all. Not hungry, not a talker. I just wanna get there in time to see the sunset,”
Cas closed his eyes, shaking his head slightly, clearly uncomfortable. He knew Dean meant well. With effort, he schooled his expression into a smile, looked back at Dean and nodded.
“I can make your body hurt Dean,” the man whispered, breaking into Dean’s thoughts. “But in the end you’ll be free...feel good...so, so good. You deserve that don’t you. To be
“Peachy.” Dean continued working, not bothering to look up.
Cas looked over and caught Dean’s eye, and Dean was certain he didn’t imagine the brief smirk on Cas’s lips. Bad Company indeed, Dean thought.
Instead now he was hours away and as of his last try unable to reach him. All through the drive concern for Fred’s health and Mildred’s well being warred with Dean’s concern that once again he was going to be disappointing Cas. All he could do was keep trying to reach him and hope Cas would understand.
“I like this place Cas,” Dean said as Cas sat down in the chair nearest him.
"Your transmission, if it's really knocking it hopefully just needs more fluid. If that doesn’t work, call me and I’ll come out and take a look so you don’t get soaked on repairs.”
“You mean...be with me like this? In this vessel?”
The drive back to the bunker was passed in relative silence. Dean was on autopilot, lost somewhere inside himself, oblivious to the fact that the radio had turned to static.
Dean blinked and shifted in the stool to get up. The man’s hand on his forearm stopped him.
The world around them was at peace. Birds singing in the distance, a soft warm breeze blowing the scent of pines down from the mountain, the sound of a gentle stream nearby. It was perfect. The world was at peace but not Dean. Dean was damn near terrified.
Cas sped down the road looking for a place to pull over, far from the sound of those fucking explosives. They had passed a drive-in food stand not far from here. He hit the gas and after a few agonizing minutes saw it up in the distance.
didn’t leave
“Sol Invictus.” Cole repeated thoughtfully, trying it out on his tongue.
“...Hi.” he repeated, forgetting for a moment why he called.
“He was planning to go to college. He wanted to work for NASA," Hannah smiled again. "He was so
Hanna gave him an appraising look, “You really mean that,” she said, a note of wonder in her voice.
“Oh, I’m taking some time off,” he told her vaguely, “thinking about what to do next.”
a well-kept home, but anyone could have lived here. There was nothing uniquely 'Cas' within these walls. The stylishly decorated apartment left him empty inside.
he shook the image away and tried again to focus enough to hear every word he could make out.
“No,” Cas sighed, “and I shouldn’t have let you….Are you okay Dean?”
He wondered if Dean felt what
Then, Dean ventured his pointer finger back, ever so slightly, teasing it lightly along Cas’s own…. wrapping it around Cas’s just enough to lightly stroke the pad of his finger.
Dean’s hands moved up Castiel’s back, sliding under the fabric of his shirt, his fingertips pressing hard against the blades of his shoulders, massaging the skin and muscle there. “Good?”
"The man who reported your situation, he owns a cab service? You left your name with him when you arranged your ride."
“Heh!” Dean laughed. “Cas you should know I never get tired of driving.”
It wasn’t about running to Dean. Even if Dean was a possibility, which he clearly wasn’t. He wasn’t sure he could ever trust Dean with his heart again. This was about Cas figuring out what he wanted, building something for himself that didn’t depend on anyone else.
Dean glanced around as if fearing they were becoming a spectacle out here in the open. He looked at Cas with pleading eyes. “after
Cas felt Dean’s head, still too warm, but not burning, and Dean’s ability to focus his eyes and maintain conversation told Cas that the fever was starting to subside for now. He went to his bedroom, bringing out pajama pants, a tee shirt, and a towel.
“Dean, How ‘bout you tell me what the hell is going on?”
“What?” Dean’s head snapped up.
He knew he shouldn’t worry. Cas wasn’t a kid and he had more resources at his disposal. Besides, there were plenty of decent customers as well, but the thought that Cas had to do it at all upset him. Dean had promised he would take care of him. Another promise broken.
After a moment, his lids heavy and voice husky with desire, Dean whispered "We need a place where I can make you mine, Angel.” The smell of Cas's skin, the feel of his body against his, my god Dean thought, he was perfect.
“Can see why you like him, Cas. Looks like sexy Jesus.” Dean deadpanned.
“I told you Cas, Balthazar called and said he couldn’t find you and I worried. I was afraid something bad might have happened to you. And..” he shot a pained look at Cas, “turns out I was kind of right to be.”
“And what is his name?”
to rejoice in Odysseus' homecoming, just as Odysseus made the decision to go through all of those trials to make it home to her. They
“Yeah..okay Dean.” Benny smiled. “See you soon.”
Dean was screaming, “Cas! I’ll fix it! I’ll fix it!
Dean shook himself out of the vision and back to the moment. “Human weakness” Ishim’s voice echoed. That’s what Dean was. How many times had Cas risked his life for Dean? How many times had Sam and Dean almost gotten him killed? Maybe Cas would have been better off if Ishim had just done it.
A nice acoustic solo version of I Wanna Hold Your Hand - because Dean does, Cas! He totally does!
**********
Dean felt his lower lip start to tremble and bit it to stop it. He didn’t know what to say, so Fred continued.
“You shouldn’t have come.” Cas’s eyes were cast now to some spot on the lawn to Dean’s right as he shook his head. He looked back to search Dean’s face.
Dean stared at Cas for a moment, his former scowl transforming reluctantly into an approving smile. He sighed in surrender. “Don’t listen to me Cas. You know me, I’ve always distrusted people. If the world is ever gonna get any better, it’ll be because people like you make it better. Truce?”
When Dean disappeared, Cas first sought to find answers, or hope, or at least comfort with Sam and Jess. But Sam’s awkward evasions followed by more blunt, if reluctant refusals of information soon made it clear he was now an outsider in every way in Dean’s life. Cas’s throat tightened with the memory, the feeling of being cut off and discarded by the people he had come to view as
Ketch’s head tilted back, his eyes bright as he suppressed a laugh. He could feel a well-intentioned history lesson coming on and often chided Benny on his inability to master the subtle art of the segway.
The truth, he was starting to realize, was that he found himself on the path of least resistance because he simply failed to choose for himself.
Dean turned to him again.
Cas’s eyes snapped back to her.
...not women... that's all,” he finished.
“Interesting professor,” Dean smirked finally, trying to shake away the scrutiny of Benny’s stare. “But what if we don’t believe in Roman deities?”
Benny sighed…”You got this brother. If it’s closure you want, well… I think you've needed this for a long time.”
Cas in the meantime would sleep in the spare room until he figured out where he was going and what he was going to do next.
Cas made an effort to loosen up - to act like it was all fine. Truth is he didn’t really know anything more than what Sam had told him. Sam called last night to let him know that Dean had tried to reach him earlier but was on the road now. Cas hadn’t been home. He was working a late shift at the restaurant. Sam said Dean asked him to call because he wasn’t sure when he'd be able to get to a phone and wanted him to know right away that he couldn’t come to Thanksgiving dinner at Rachel’s. Apparently, Dean’s friend Fred was sick. He was headed to Oregon to see him. Cas had thanked Sam and wished him, Jessica, and Bobby a Happy Thanksgiving before hanging up.
**********
He had a second session just last night. Apparently Dean was so fucked up Pamela decided they should meet again before she left for a two week vacation to visit family over the holiday.
“Have a beer?” Sam asked.
Tip...toe...tip...toe
“Happy Thanksgiving, Cas,” Dean said finally, the tightness again in his voice.
“Dean, Castiel didn’t throw you into that flashback, but it sounds like he’s most definitely the one who pulled you out.”
“Ice,” he said finally. “Shit, that’s cold.”
Dean turned his head to look and saw a crinkle of worry appear between Cas’s brow.
Cas got out of the car, then stopped, turning to him. Balthazar was being so warm and accommodating. Too forgiving. Cas wanted to feel grateful and loving back. He had been trying for so long. Cas pulled Balthazar in to embrace him before they went up the stairs to their apartment.
The woman giving out the candy was a teacher at Tommy’s school, so the wait to grab a candy bar had been a little longer than usual as she greeted each little child in the mob that surrounded her porch with smiles, warmhearted praise for their costumes, and inquiries about their Halloween adventures.
“Learn to take a compliment Cas.”
“Hello?” Dean sounded like he had just been running.
Cas grinned, snapped his fingers and a familiar hard driving guitar riff blasted from the stereo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2MCT21xmvo
“He’s working,” Balthazar replied.
Jess asked Benny about his family and after a few minutes Cas looked around in search of the reason for Balthazar’s prolonged absence. He was standing at the bar at the back of the club having a smoke and chatting with the bartender.
Cas shrugged, smiling. “I’ll just make sure no giant sprayed hairdos are allowed around them.”
His stomach lurched as he struggled to sit up. He was in the throes of one of the worst hangovers he’d had in recent memory. He heard movement outside his bedroom door and grabbed a baseball bat which he kept nearby as a primitive home security system. He cracked the door open only to see Sam messing around in the kitchen. Thank god, it looked like he was about to brew some coffee.
Cas got down two large mugs from the cabinet and spoons and popped some bread into the toaster as he heard the water turn off. A few minutes later a freshly washed Dean was rubbing the last of the wet from his hair with the towel while dressed in Cas’s pajamas and tee. The sight of Dean in his clothes went straight to Cas’s cock. He lowered his eye, taking a steadying breath.
“So….you’re not…….”
“Sub-what??!” Dean still looked incensed “He actually fucking asked you that?”
They laid there, glistening with sweat, the come on their stomachs sticky in the late spring heat, but neither seemed to care. Dean slipped out of Cas, rolling off and onto his back, pulling Cas into his side so he could rest his head against Dean’s chest. The sunlight shining through the trees painted their bodies with patterns of light and shadow that shifted with the breeze. Cas closed his eyes, smiling against Dean, who felt Cas make a little contented hum against his chest.
Dean sat up, “Yeah, I mean no, I mean..”
?! What the hell can I do? I’ve tried.”
“Tomorrow then?”
Anyway - if you've made it this far thanks for hanging in!
“Hello Dean,”
Dean lay on the couch unable to rest, unable to sleep, still alternating between too hot and too cold, too achy to lay down but too fatigued to sit up, and wholly overwhelmed by sadness and the shame that comes with knowing you’re not wanted. Clearly Cas was put off and inconvenienced by Dean from the moment he showed up unannounced, only to be further put out by his sudden incapacitation by raging fever. Somehow in his disoriented state Dean must have mistaken the caring bedside manner Cas would show towards anyone with an illness for genuine affection and concern for
**********
Tomorrow Dean was supposed to be with his family for Thanksgiving. First with Sam and Bobby and then later with Cas and his family. Cas had asked him to spend the night, a tremor in his voice. How could Cas be nervous? How could he still doubt that Dean wanted nothing more? He’d told Cas as much again just last night when they spoke on the phone between Dean’s shift ending and Cas’s beginning.
...had talked about
“Trick or Treat!” a chorus of what looked to be elementary-aged children sang as they converged on Dean and Hannah. Dean grabbed some candy and doled it out to each of them. Two of the kids had costumes that looked like they were painstakingly made by a loving parent or grandparent. The other 3 sported plastic masks tied on with rubber bands and vinyl smocks with cartoons and superheroes printed on them, a Bugs Bunny, a  Casper, and Wonder Woman. Dean hoped Hannah wouldn’t mind as he slipped an extra candy into the vinyl costumed kid’s bags, He figured they could probably use it.
“Uh huh,” Cas replied, with one raised eyebrow and a lopsided grin.
“Your worry and care for Castiel played a role in how you reacted each time, sure Dean. It had to be a shock to hear his name in the ER that day. All the sirens and trauma coupled with that? It all combined to throw your sympathetic nervous system into a fight or flight response.  But it sounds to me like you recognized the signs and did what you needed to do…...You said yourself you saw him out at a club and then again out for dinner and nothing happened. Right?”
“Not today, or even recently, no. But I can ask Rachel if you think it would help.”
“Hmmm,” Bobby knew Dean’s bullshit when he heard it. Still, this wasn’t the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYiqbqR1ie8
“Wait!...Are you okay to drive Bobby?” Dean asked as an afterthought, his hands shaking as he opened the passenger door.
For a long moment, no one spoke.
She hesitated, then looked away towards the approaching children, “You seem like a really nice guy….Be careful Dean, with his heart... and your own.”
Cas didn’t ask for an explanation. He didn’t need one. He was actually thankful for the switch at that point. That is until the end of the night when his manager flagged him over again.
There was silence.
Dean laughed despite his messy teary face, chiding her “That's not what I meant, Mildred and you know it.”
Cas sighed to himself but didn’t think Dean could hear it. Of course, he remembered something from the freaking cartoon but not his declaration of love. Cas couldn’t take this constant merry-go-round.
, but he was going to try. Cas decided. He might never get
“Shit!” Dean said grabbing paper towels to mop up the mess. As he concentrated on the floor he wondered whether it was fortunate or unfortunate that Cas was usually bundled in a suit and trench coat. Cas’s regular clothes did nothing for his build, but these clothes did nothing for Dean’s nerves.
Dean toweled off his hair,  threw on comfortable clothes and made his way to the living room, grabbing the mail. He flipped through several pieces of junk mail, setting aside the bills and then he found it.
and it never really ended ever! I never stopped worrying and wondering where you were!”
After what felt like a little more than an hour the house was quiet. Dean sat up in the dark and threw a hand to his head to press out the stabbing pain that came from moving too quickly. He noticed that Cas’s bedroom light was no longer lit. Dean quietly felt for his own clothes, which Cas had folded and placed on the coffee table. He shed Cas’s pajama pants and shirt and put his own jeans and tee back on. He sat for a minute unsure of what to do, then fumbled in the kitchen until he found a pad and pen in the dim glow of the stove light. He wrote a quick note to leave on the kitchen counter, then pulled on his socks and boots.
“Don’t you dare come yet Cas!” Dean moaned popping off, heavy-lidded with arousal at the way Cas was coming apart under his touch. He lowered his mouth to cover the head of Cas’s cock once more, swirling his tongue along the frenulum to the tip, giving Cas a pleased little moan at the taste of him.
Dean thought. Balthazar brought up the “
“Great, thanks! Let’s go, Jenny!” Cas grabbed her hand, he needed to get away to get his bearings. “Where’s your bucket, Tommy?” The little boy ran back into the house emerging seconds later with a bright orange bucket in the shape of a jack-o-lantern.
“Uh..yeah..” His hand sought out the space above his right temple where a throbbing pain made him want to close his eyes again and hunker down under the covers.
**********
It wasn’t any easier at breakfast. It was worse. Cas was up, drinking coffee and sitting, knees up on a chair near the window quietly looking out at the day. He smiled at Balthazar as he sat down across from him. Cas noticed the look of trepidation.
**********
Dean panted, his eyes closing as his hands reached to grip Cas’s body, pulling him impossibly close, their chests pressed against each other, their arms holding on as if afraid they might otherwise be ripped apart - their denim-clad thighs slotting together, legs tangling as they rode out the aftermath of their orgasms.
Dean angrily pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes, his nails biting into his own scalp as he yelled in frustration “
“Her name’s ‘Baby’ and yes, and no -  she’s got a few more kinks to work out before I bring her home for good. She’s in the shop.”
Cas has arrived. Sort of...
Cas was looking at Dean with unrestrained heat, his nose mere inches from Dean’s, eyes glazed.
When Sam got up to get more beer from the kitchen Dean reached out and took Cas’s hand squeezing, looking straight ahead, not daring to look into the eyes he knew were on him now. “We can’t lose you Cas.” Dean whispered. “
“It’s okay Hannah,” he said, smiling at Jenny as he adjusted the cat ears on his head. “She’s right. Every witch needs a familiar.”
“What saying honey?”
More silence then….”I don’t know where my brother is. Sorry.”
“And Jesus Christ, you just left him? After all of that?”
She nodded, “First Corinthians.”
“Hey I told you, things are great.”
Dean held on long enough to hear the phone click on Cas’s end before putting his own receiver back. That silence was so goddam awkward...but maybe he’d dodged a bullet.
Releasing Dean’s waist, Cas lowered his eyes and backed away. This was wrong. Dean said he wanted 'closure.' Cas hated himself for feeling so needy.
“Wait!” As they passed a small alley between buildings, Dean pulled Cas over to a shadowed space near the wall.
Cas was grateful for the attempted rescue, but Hannah’s support was nothing in the face of the wide kitten eyes Jenny flashed up at him. Cas sighed, conceding defeat.
The next minute the loss of Dean suddenly crashed in on him like the storm-ravaged sea, and Cas didn’t know if he would ever come up for air -but then once again it would ebb, leaving behind a dull ache. He’d call Rachel, or go for a run in between, but then the next wave would hit, and Cas couldn’t predict the timing. He wondered at times which would be worse - never being free of the pain of losing Dean? Or forgetting him?
“One for you too I guess,” he said, eyes stubbornly trained on the application in front of him.
We loved each other completely. I
“Raincheck?” Dean asked with a lopsided smile, the regret evident in his knitted brow, his eyes flitting from Rachel to Jess but settling on Cas.
Dean settled down the way Cas described it. “Wrong, but now not wrong.”
“You went far off for a minute there Cas..” Dean said after a bit, noticing the hint of worry that crept over Cas’s face.
Castiel gave a shake of his head and Dean and Sam stepped out to get drinks from the bunker’s kitchen.
….all that rot inside you...that's what’s hurting you...hurting
“Thank you, gentlemen.”
Rufus nodded to the nurse who had come into the room to open the blinds and check vitals. Her wary eyes never left Dean’s face as she undid each strap freeing him to move his arms finally and get off the bed. She jumped back a little as he made to rise. Pausing he looked at Rufus, “Bathroom?”
“Thanks Cas.” Dean smiled, settling down against the pillow and pulling the sheet up over his shoulders.
Early the next day Dean was on his bike headed back to San Francisco General Hospital. He first called Bobby to let him know he needed a few days off. Yes, he admitted as Bobby had suspected, something in the hospital had triggered a flashback. He didn’t mention it was Cas. But Dean assured Bobby he was doing alright now. It was only partially a lie. Knowing that Cas was “resting” and not dead had brought him down from the ledge temporarily. Dean told Bobby he needed to go back to San Francisco for something but that he would stay at the apartment above the garage, one that Bobby or Dean used when they were there to manage something or fill in, and call him tonight.
“Dean, can you trust me?”
Dean fought to turn and walk away, back to his work in the garage...fought against the pull of Cas. For his part, Cas stood awkwardly still until Rachel brushed by him to climb in the passenger seat.
Cas looked back at him, brow furrowed.
“You need to decide Dean,” Cas said firmly and calmly now.
Cas laughed exhaling in relief, “Shit! No Dean!” Cas smiled, both hands going to hold Dean’s, he looked down at their hands, his eyes hungry as they met Dean’s again. “Forgive me if I don’t want to share you with anyone.”
He heard Cas make a sound like he was clearing his throat.
“Jerk!”
Then he remembered,
Cas looked up at him, eyes dark and glimmering with questions, but then
“Point being Sam,” Dean said, serious once more, “It’s not like I haven’t thought about it. It’s not like I haven’t tried to “move on.” And yes, I could have Sundance over there bent over for me within the hour if I wanted to. But I don’t. I just don’t want it Sam. Don’t try to force the issue.”
Cas disappeared down the hall and returned with a heavy sheet instead. He bent to tuck it around Dean. “I’m sorry, no blankets allowed. You can’t overheat, baby,” he said, putting the back of his hand against Dean’s forehead to feel for his temperature. “Need to bring your fever down.”
“Yeah...Balthazar.” With a name like that Dean thought he could actually have been Cas’s brother. I mean who names their child Castiel? But Dean knew all of Cas’s siblings' names. Or so he thought anyway.
“You never told me you were into gardening Cas.”
“What the hell Sammy.” Dean said as he poured himself a shot of whiskey, downed it, and refilled his glass. “We almost lost Cas. I’m still not sure we haven’t.”
Cas was lost in a maze of possibilities and heartache. Charlie must have seen the struggle in his eyes. She got up and grabbed him gently by the ankles, lifting his legs straight up so she could plop down on the couch sidling up closer to him, before letting them drop back down across her lap.
Balthazar had given Cas an anthology of poetry once in some misguided attempt at acculturating him to a world of assonance and metaphor. Taking only the required liberal arts courses at school, Cas never had a head for the stuff. He’d tried because Balthazar seemed to think it was important, but of all the hundreds of pages only
Dean blushed a little but did it.
He gave her a tight-lipped smile.
“Ughhh...that’s it! Cas, why? He sounds like a huge dick.” Charlie could instantly see her mistake as Cas sat up rigid, fixing her with an irritated glare.
“A man called me today. He said he was your brother.”
**********
Cas was furious and crushed all at once. He would miss living here. He would be sad to lose Hannah as a potential friend. Over the past few weeks Cas had had pleasant conversations with Hannah and she had been grateful to him for fixing a leaky sink, mowing the grass unbidden, and repairing the broken swing set for her kids in the backyard.
His brow furrowed. “What are you doing?” he asked.
The conversation turned from human rights across the globe to the Iron Curtain, and nuclear proliferation. Jess told Sam she’s afraid to have kids with the arms race going on and Benny tried to assure her the Soviets would never launch because of Mutually Assured Destruction. It didn’t help.
“Dean! For Christ’s sake!”
Dean wanted to say it, but he held back, afraid that the words would seem empty after so many stops and starts.
Dean was quiet for a moment, trying to take it all in.
Blood was dripping down Cas’s forehead...
“What’s wrong Dean?”
Everyone agreed that Freddy Mercury is too good for this earth.
“You and Mildred are family remember? Or did you crack that melon of yours in the fall too.”
he moaned as Dean increased the pace and pressure of the fingers against his cock.
“No Castiel, Cas or “C.” he said.
Clearing his throat, a sudden flush on his cheeks, Dean led the way up to a large functioning balcony on the second floor where they could avoid most of the matinee crowd. His eyes flitted along the sides of the theater where smaller balconies, meant for two or four patrons, lined the upper walls, but these had been closed off due to disrepair. Below the modern movie screen was a large stage area, a testament to the time when the entertainment would have consisted of vaudeville acts by small traveling theater groups.
He took a step towards Dean. Cas had always been the careful one, the nervous one, but losing everything changes your perspective.
“Well I think I made it clear I certainly don’t have a wife and family.”
“Dean?”
Cas rolled his eyes at Gabriel now, his entire body following - turning back to head out to the car. Pecan pie and Apple pie. Cas’s first attempts at baking anything worthy of a social gathering - worthy of Dean. He baked them before going to work yesterday and thought they looked pretty good. He hoped he’d have a chance for more than just a dress rehearsal someday.
again.
“Yes, Thanks Dean!” Balthazar said with a cheer that belied the glare he tossed casually between Cas and Dean. “I see you were able to find our wayward little angel after all.”
“Hey….you okay baby?” Dean stroked Castiel’s cheek, concerned.
Suddenly Dean felt like he had been physically punched. He turned back to the table, his jaw tightening, he ran his hand along his temple where a fatigue headache was threatening, conscious of how quiet the table had gotten.
The first night, he’d told Sam a bedtime story he made up on the fly and then curled up against him in the bed until Sam fell asleep.
Dean moaned and put a hand to rub his eyes and forehead.
The grinning one had a knife sticking out of the side of its head for effect and Dean briefly worried about which one if any Cas had carved.
They sat on the back deck of Sam and Jess’s place toasting their engagement and Dean’s homecoming. Dean found this was one of the happy moments.
“Then would you mind grabbing a soda for me?” She asked waving down at her wrapped ankle. “And seriously reconsider while you’re in there. You must have had a long drive...or ride...or whatever you do on a motorcycle.”
“We?” Dean asked?
Meg got Cas high and then she went to another place altogether. They were ultimately numb and alone, just alone together. Being here with Hannah...there was no oblivion to be had. The pain was overwhelming, there was no escape, but here he wasn’t alone. It was like that with Balthazar at first, before they had disastrously tried to make it into something more. Cas wasn’t sure yet which he preferred. If given a choice in this very instant, he’d probably prefer numbing the pain, but for now, he was forcing himself to handle it. Anyway, as they watched it was nice not to be alone.
Dean looked away and flushed again.
“You always do this, beat yourself up. Why do you think you're so unworthy of being loved? Jesus Dean, you’re the most loving, most worthy man I know.”
really here….not just physically but in every sense. When he looked at Dean, Dean looked
Cas’s long life had taught him to understand patience. He didn’t know if Dean would ever feel what Cas felt for him, but could be patient for Dean. If all else failed, Cas’s life had taught him to understand sacrifice. He would be whatever Dean needed. He would take whatever Dean could give and sacrifice the rest. For Dean. Always for Dean.
“Hi, I’m trying to get in touch with Castiel Novak.”
home anyway.
Just then Balthazar pulled the car around right in front of where Dean and Cas stood.
As it turned out Cas worked the four hours until lunch and was able to convince a co-worker to cover the rest of his shift in exchange for covering their Friday night. It was shortly after 1:30 when Dean heard footsteps up the stairs followed by the door opening and the shuffling sound of a paper grocery bag.
“Cas...there’s something you have to know, and maybe…” Dean hesitated, “maybe you won’t want to have to deal with it, and if so, it’s okay, I get it, but if we’re gonna try -”
Cas was silent and Dean worried he had really messed up - would scare Cas away. His tongue tangled desperately in his mouth unsure of how to walk it back.
“Yes!” Dean said more enthusiastically than he felt. “Gotta get back to my Baby!” he grinned.
Cas pressed his lips together. He couldn’t disagree, still that didn’t mean they should just accept it, but the last thing he felt like doing now was getting into an argument with Dean.
He thought about calling Meg. Cas got the feeling she was the only one who knew what he felt like when at his worst. They had talked about it late one night as she shared a rare admission of despair. Cas knew then that she understood. Meg had just called the feeling “the empty.” Her metaphor - and Cas thought that was a pretty damn good way to describe it. A hole that couldn’t be filled. It threatened to take
“Well, I should get going.” Cas said, reluctantly backing a step away.
“Wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t gone looking for me. I owe you for that.”
He cleaned up, said goodnight to Bobby, and headed home on his bike.
Dean left the grounds and made his way back to the entrance where he’d parked. On his way he passed a woman selling trinkets on the side of the street. Something caught his eye and he stopped to look at it, handing her a twenty and not waiting for the change. Sam was right. Dean knew he needed to talk to Cas. He still wasn't exactly sure how.
Mildred momentarily shed her feelings of fear and helplessness in favor of an affectionate spousal irritation, as if her husband's stubbornness was his biggest problem. “Apparently the darn fool was having pains in the night and didn’t say anything. He fell down the stairs this morning, and hurt his hip and back on the way down. Doctor says it was a heart attack but they’ve been running tests all day.” She fought to bring the quiver in her lip under control.
The DJ was playing Rubberband Man, and though it was okay to listen to, Dean for the life of him didn't know how he was going to make himself dance to this shit. Slow dancing with Cas to Elvis in the privacy of their home was one thing, but this was another thing entirely. Still, coming here was worth it for the look on Cas’s face alone. He gave himself permission for more than one drink tonight, after all, tonight he wasn’t drinking to forget.
A thousand butterflies threatened to burst from Dean’s chest as he walked hand in hand with Cas over to Baby’s passenger side, opening the door and reaching in to grab the small token he’d bought for Cas before their date. A chagrined expression overcame his face as he held it behind his back, now rethinking the ridiculousness of giving a grown man a stuffed toy. He was just that lovesick that all reason had gone out the window when he saw it. Cas was looking at him curiously.
“Dean, what are your intentions with Cas?” Sam asked pointedly.
But then, he’d heard Cas’s name given frantically at the desk of a hospital by a stranger, Cas was in trouble, and Dean was very very much right THERE, feet away, but not able to be the one to go to him, to hold him, to love, and worry and stay with Cas and hold his hand and whisper that it was going to be okay, and the sum total of all Dean’s mistakes came crashing down on him in that moment. When his initial panic faded, Dean became acutely aware of how much time he had wasted.
Returning to Cas’s room he dimmed the lights, closing the door quietly behind him. Dean grabbed the chair from its place along the wall and set it next to the bed, sinking down into it. From here he could hear Cas breathe deeply, as one in sleep.
“Anyway, stopping here was probably just Jess’s idea.”
“How…” he started wondering aloud. How had Michael known where he
“I wasn’t….for a long while Cas.” Dean said, staring again at the lonely candle on the table. He wet his lips anxiously, turning to him, “Cas..I’m sorry. For everything.”
“Castiel!” the woman exclaimed. “It’s so good to finally hear your voice. Dean’s told us all about you. Just a minute let me get him!”
Cas breathed out a deep sigh, eyes fixed on the closed apartment door, where a moment ago his Dean had stood.
half to himself.
“How did you know where to find me?”
“Hungry?” Cas asked.
Dean shrugged, the truth of it evident in Dean’s eyes as he nodded.
This was stupid, Dean thought. Cas had backed off. He was only complicating things for Cas by pushing it. Cas had someone else now, had built a life here, and more likely than not it was Dean who had been the source of Cas’s hurts. Dean could’ve had all that, but he fucked it up and ran. He forfeited any right to dream of a future with Cas.
“I love it Dean,” Cas had closed the distance before Dean even realized he had moved, pulling him close.
Cas stepped back as the man took his place at the sink. It was then that he saw the grey bandana in the man’s left back pocket.
“Are you alright?” he asked softly, taking her hands in his, his eyes scanning her face and arms for any sign of injury.
“We just killed a demon, you nearly got ganked, Mary’s in the wind who knows where. I think we earned a day off.”
Dean was suddenly conscious of the fact that he was sitting between two couples, like a fifth wheel on the back of a jeep. He was at loss for words. Looking at the candle in the center of the table he tried to slow his breathing, very much aware of the way that Balthazar had moved his arm to lay around Cas’s neck, working his shoulder with his hand.
Conscious of Balthazar eyeing him, Dean decided he didn’t care. Two guys got up on stage next and covered Simon and Garfunkel’s Hazy Shade of Winter which turned Dean’s mood darker. The last thing he needed right now were songs laden with angst and regret. He had that in spades. Benny noticed that Dean had gone inward - fading from the conversation again.
..it wasn’t a siren...it was the sickening whirr of an incoming missile.
Dean had always described it as love at first sight, which is funny because Dean grew up well aware that fairy tales were bullshit. Dean was fearless then. Assertive in his attention to Cas doesn’t begin to describe it. Dean took one look at Cas that night and felt absolutely
“Is Cas okay?” Dean asked.
TW - mentioned of cocaine use.
“Don’t be nervous Cas,” Dean said, a shy smile on his own lips. "I'm gonna make it so good for you, my sweetheart." Somehow it only made Cas’s pulse race more. He closed his eyes, fighting through shallow breaths, his heart beating a steady cadence that called
Cas snapped back to the conversation. “I was just thinking of how much more school I have in front of me before I’m done.”  He shrugged, “I feel like I’ve wasted so much time.”
Benny called the next night after work to check in.
“He’s not my brother.”
Dean wet one of the extra cloth napkins he’d brought in the stream and used it to clean himself and Cas. Getting dressed, Dean set out the food again, the containers having been knocked to the side during the afternoon's activities. Dean made a mental note to test the theory that meals always tasted better when dessert came first.
Now, as Dean played the notes to Simple Man, Sam could see a tightness in his jaw that was usually lost when he played. Dean was troubled.
They quieted in the moment, delicate and soft as the petals of the flowers Dean sent.
“We’re talking, right now.”
Dean hated hospitals. They were wall-to-wall packed with exactly the kind of trauma and shit he tried to avoid at all cost. Too close to the constant fight or flight of things he had worked so long to forget. He took a sip of the watery coffee. Scrunching his nose, he decided it tasted more like burnt walnuts than anything resembling coffee, but it would have to do.
“Balthazar...but he gave the name Novak so that doesn’t help,” Sam was thinking out loud over the phone. “That could be the guy Cas was with when I saw him last.”
“Huh,” Cas breathed.
“On foot from here Cas,” he smiled back at him.
Dean enjoyed these times and found himself naturally drawn to Mildred. She was like a mother to him. Dean only remembered bits and pieces of his own mother who died when he was four. Sense images really. The way she said his name when she held him close. The safeness of it. The feel of her hair against his cheek as she snuggled him. The smell of lilacs in her hair. He had been loved then. The only other time he felt something even close was with Cas. He imagined that if she had lived she’d have been a lot like Mildred, and maybe he and Sammy’s lives would have been different.
Would today be the day he'd give in and call? Or would he stretch it another day?
“I shouldn’t have hit you...god, I’m such an asshole, I’m sorry.”
“Take off from work,” Dean said. “Baby’ll be finished by then and I just bought her off of Bobby. I want to take her out for a long drive. Thought I could show her off to you. Besides...you said you’d give me a raincheck for lunch right?”
Cas jerked his arm away. “I know!” he fumed, then more gently, recovering himself, “I know you didn’t, Dean.”  Cas looked at Dean, his eyes imploring him, “I know you were hurting too..
Cas had certainly seen Dean bruised before. There was the time Dean hustled pool and his mark didn’t take it well. Once Dean got into a fight defending Cas’s honor after some college jock shoved him, calling him a “cocksucker.” Dean came away bruised then too, but the other guy had gotten the worst of it.
he whispered.
Dean thanked her and walked down the lawn towards his bike, arriving at it about the same time the group did.
The smooth slow rhythm guitars played and Dean smiled, giving her an approving nod as Patsy Cline sang 'There He Goes.' Mildred would have been in full support of her choice.
“No Dean!” Sam cried out, trying again to stand, blinking wildly to try and focus, “You’re on a date...lemme go...I’m ‘kay.”
” Cas supplied simply, finishing Dean’s thoughts.
“Bitch!”
Don't Leave Me this Way - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUdw7V-FC_Q
“Yes. You called him.”
Dean nodded, “What are you doing Sam?”
“Or, if you want you can use my room, to get some rest” Cas continued, “I have some things I can do out here, or you can take the couch and I’ll give you some space and quiet.”
“No thank you. Just Coffee….So what’s on the roster for today?” he asked.
“You fucking queer!” The tall man shoved Dean hard into the bar, his face twisting in anger. Dean reached behind his back, grabbed the whiskey glass and smashed it into the side of the tall man’s head, causing him to stumble backward. The man with the baseball cap to his right went to throw a punch but Dean grabbed his arm, some of his combat training taking over as he used the man’s own momentum against him to throw him towards the floor.
Well, better Cas know exactly how shitty he was. Let him be angry. It would help Cas move on. Sam had agreed to tell Cas that Dean was okay. That he didn’t want to be found, that Cas should forget him.
Dean breathed deep.
“Fine, I guess, why?”
Charlie held her hands up in surrender. “Okay! Okay! Shit - I’m sorry. Really. You’re right. I don’t know him. I was...I’m just sorry, okay? It's just - I don't like what he did to you.”
"Okay, I have to admit. It's beautiful Dean."
Cas gasped, his breath shallow as Dean's palm worked him,
Cas got up and turned off the television, then knelt by the crate of albums. Flipping through them, he was struck by how many he felt the need to avoid because they had history. He continued to root through them trying to find something that hadn’t been twisted or tainted by their past. He still didn’t know for certain why Dean had landed himself here. They had never gotten to it before Dean’s fever raged, and Cas was still trying to guard himself with the somewhat fresh memory of Dean storming from this very apartment after concluding that they couldn’t be “together”.
Dean, and you deserve to have someone to lean on too.”
“Do you need anything before we go? Bathroom?”
everyone can see it but you!”
“Hungry yet?” Dean asked.
“Mmmm...yeah, yes.” Dean hummed in reply.
Dean beamed, taking him by the hand. They walked quickly to Dean’s car, their haste fueled by mutual desire.
“Okay...maybe then….Thank you Dean,” he said softly, as if trying out his voice for the first time.
He pulled away enough to look at Dean.
Dean looked at his hands, choosing his words carefully. If he told Cas about the hospital he was afraid he would assume, like Balthazar, that he was here out of guilt. Yes, he felt guilty, he was swimming in guilt. Dean never
Cas whispered, mouth falling open, eyes hooded as they moved from Dean's face to his cock and back again - until Dean couldn't tell for sure which he was addressing. A strange quiver of shyness crept over Dean at the scrutiny, but then Cas gripped him like Eros himself, pleasuring a lover, his thumb running a circle through the precum that pooled and dripped at the head of Dean's cock before stroking him up and down. Dean's mind went momentarily blank as his whole body chased after the sensation. He sucked in a ragged breath, pressing up into Cas harder, begging faster, his own hand rubbing and stroking over the outline of Cas's cock through his jeans.
Dean gets drunk to the point of becoming disoriented. Crowley uses Dean’s alcohol-induced disorientation and his emotions over Castiel to try to manipulate him into a BDSM scenario. Dean doesn’t realize what’s going on at all. Before any of that can happen three homophobic locals confront Dean with slurs and insults about his sexual orientation. They get involved in a physical brawl. Eventually the three begin to get the better of Dean but Sam shows up in time to help and get Dean out of there.
A blare of sirens caused everyone to look out the windows as another ambulance made its way into the yard. The staff busied itself in anticipation of whatever came next.  Three paramedics burst in with a stretcher meeting doctors who immediately rolled a man on a gurney down the hallway and out of view of the waiting room. Another man tried to follow but was held back by the nursing staff.
**********
“But it's nothing to be worried about right?” Sam asked, concerned.
Dean was quiet and withdrawn, his eyes closed for the most part. When he did open them, Cas could see some private struggle going on behind his eyes.
before.
“Pardon?”
“Is the coffee done yet?”
“That him?” Dean asked as the waitresses left.
Cas looked curiously at Dean but he closed his eyes and started slurring again with sleep and exhaustion.
“Well, I've not been to a family Thanksgiving in over ten years so you're already hitting it out of the ballpark as far as I’m concerned.” he teased.
“Oh God Cas!” Dean thrust into him hard with one last stroke before spilling into him. He gasped as Cas’s muscles still tensing from orgasm, pulled more and more pleasure from Dean, milking his cock, until he collapsed, boneless against him.
Cas panted…his eyes piercing Dean.
“HO-LY
Dean heard a knocking sound on the other end of the line signaling that Rachel had finally arrived. Cas paused to let her in, returning to say his goodbyes.
**********
It got quiet between them for a moment, Cas’s eyes were drawn to the rise and fall of Dean’s chest, moving up to see the skin flutter in shadow along Dean’s Adam's Apple as he swallowed, his eyes traveling up to his lips before meeting his Dean's again.
“Uh - yeah, I talked to Cas recently and he’s fine,” he reassured her.
“Thanks.” Dean swallowed at the tight feeling in his throat as he glanced around the circle, nodding his thanks as several of the guys wished him well.
Cas thought,
After Dean left him, Cas sat on the floor in that same spot...he didn’t know how long, maybe half an hour...before he got himself up, dried his eyes and made coffee. He called Jessica, letting her know what happened, hoping she and Sam could look out for Dean.
Cas was shy where Dean was bold, Cas was compassionate where Dean was rough, Cas smoothed out Dean's edges and Dean fortified Cas. Cas was all of those things that Dean wanted to be but was afraid to be...except with Cas. Together, they made a whole. Like a star pulling everything into its orbit, Dean couldn’t escape Cas’s gravity, and he wanted to be pulled closer, deeper, until he was consumed, taken in...until everything was Cas.
“Thanks,” he said. “Goodnight Cas,” he added, rolling over and facing the back of the couch.
say to you,” Cas demanded again.
The line was quiet. Until finally Dean spoke, his throat constricted.
Cas thought,
Dean gave up struggling and settled reluctantly back in the bed. He could do this later when there wasn’t an audience.
“Michael!” Cas said. “She asked about having a family Thanksgiving gathering and I said that about Michael!”
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
“Isn’t it a little early to think about that? It’s still weeks away.”
“Cold….”
convinced once again that Dean had only sought him out now to fulfill some kind of penance for failing to be what Cas needed him to be all those years ago. He hated what that realization did to him. He wasn’t going to drag Balthazar through that anymore. He owed it to him to be honest, to break it off so that Balthazar could move on and find something better.
“Cas, you gotta know how sorry I am about this,” Dean said, worry practically contorting his face.
“Benny?” Dean said surprised? He turned, stood and gave Benny a brief hug. Somehow this felt like a rescue. He was never so glad to see someone in his life.
“What was that?”
“Cool,” he said.
He got off his bike. The smell of stale urine hit him as he stepped further into the alleyway, the air so damp Dean felt like the filth was clinging to him. “I’m looking for someone, not something.”
If you thought this was going to be a short "fix-it," sorry to disappoint. It's not short, but it will end well for them I promise!
Fred fixed him with his stare, like what he was about to say was of the utmost importance. Like Dean was of the utmost importance. “Thank you for coming, Dean and for taking care of Mildred. I know you have your own family that loves you, but I hope you know you’re a son to us.”
“Do you understand how absolutely fucked up that is?” Cas asked angrily “Do you know? I don’t think you really
She knew, and she still called him ‘Sweetheart.’ She knew and she still held him tight. Who or what was watching over Dean, that somehow Fred and Mildred had come into his life? Dean wiped his eyes and Mildred kissed his forehead. Dean kissed her cheek in return and stepped away. She turned the radio to another station and Dean’s eyes flashed amusement when she stopped on one playing D’yer Mak’er.
(See the end of the chapter for
They followed a blue line that had been painted on the wall down a dimly lit hallway and around corners, converging and separating again with other colored lines all leading to various destinations. Theirs was the Cardiology ward. An elevator to the 3rd floor opened upon the visitors’ waiting room for the ward. Dean and Garth flashed their passes to the nurses station there. Mildred saw them first. She stood striding towards them and threw her arms round Dean.
.” Cas swallowed nodding to himself, hoping he had it wrong.
Dean removed his hand from Cas’s mouth, quickly licking his other fingers to wet them. He kissed him again, circling his wet fingers around each of Cas’s sensitive nipples. Dean alternated, first swirling, then pulling gently, then flicking, then twisting between his fingers, then changing from one kind of touch to the next unpredictably and relentlessly, sending pulses of pleasure straight to Cas’s cock, kissing and working him to a frenzy until he was writhing under Dean’s touch.
Cas heard the opening notes of Blue Hawaii. Charlie had set the records in place on the changing arm. Of
“All I’m
‘Night Rachel, Love you.’
Before Dean could open his mouth Benny supplied “Well gee, Dean and I met when he got a job with a buddy of mine owns an auto shop in Oregon.”
Dean had parked his motorcycle just outside the derelict apartment building. He climbed on and started it up pulling ahead to catch up with Cas.
One day in the fall of 75 he went over to Fred and Mildred’s for Sunday night dinner. It was then he told them he would be leaving. It was time to go back home. Dean wanted to live closer to Sam again. He had gotten a letter from Bobby telling him he could really use him back home.  A cousin of Bobby’s who was getting on in years had offered him part ownership of his auto shop in San Francisco and Bobby would need all hands on deck to run the shop in Sacramento and deal with San Francisco too. He had already talked to Garth and given plenty of notice. He would move in with Sammy and Jess temporarily. It was a good time to make the move.
“That sounds…”
“Told you..feels gross and smells worse. But I know you love it," Dean shrugged, looking down, "Or used to anyway... Hey," He looked up at Cas smiling again, "if you want you can carve a big ass goofy grin into one to remind you of me.”
“This a great fucking pep talk Rufus,”
“That was amazing!” he said with a smile that lit his whole face with joy.
The floor was packed but Cas, suddenly seeing something close to terror in Dean’s eyes, found a spot near a darker corner of the floor, not private by any means, but not in the spotlights.
Dean burst out the door of the club and rounded the corner near the parking lot, leaning back against the building drawing breaths of fresh air into his tightening chest.
When Fred visited again that afternoon they talked about cars and motorcycles and racing. Fred’s nephew Garth had a garage that serviced all kinds of cars and bikes. Dean eventually asked him about how it had been for him. How was it that he knew what Dean was about to do. Turned out one of Fred’s first jobs out of school was as a ranger for the park service. It wasn’t uncommon to get called in to search for a missing person, only to find that they had gone to the park to end their own life. Something about wanting to be surrounded by something peaceful and beautiful before you died. Dean not bothering to take the change for the fare was the final red flag for Fred.
Rufus watched him quietly, considering.
Dean started to relax as, eyes still closed, he heard the room joining in to clap with the rhythm as he and Jess sang. While he couldn’t bring himself to open his eyes, he imagined he was back with Cas, in their apartment before the war, playing and singing only for him.
Cas smiled at Dean and nodded. Dean slipped his hand around Cas’s back, resting it on his opposite shoulder as he gently guided Cas to some tables he spotted. Cas slid his own hand behind Dean’s back, resting it on his hip in response, letting go again, only as Dean navigated him through a throng of people.
have gotten up from Cas’s couch, Dean did the only thing he thought he could at this point and rode home.
After, Fred brought Dean to the garage where Garth agreed to put him to work on a trial basis. Minimum wage was all he could afford but it came with a place to stay in a furnished loft above the barn on Garth’s property. Part of the condition of Dean’s release was that he attend a group for vets in the area on a weekly basis. Rufus put him in touch with Benny, an army vet turned social worker with a thick Louisiana accent who had done three tours himself in Vietnam before coming home and moving to Valens. Benny ran an unofficial support group for vets that met a couple of times a week.
Hannah‘s eyes flicked from Dean to Cas, who was fast approaching, then back to Dean again.
“Just the check I guess….and can I borrow a pen?” She finalized their ticket leaving it on the table with an extra pen from her apron.
Cas grabbed his keys, pausing at the door to give him a soft smile. “See you later Dean.”
“Asshole! Anyway, you  know I’ve always been an equal opportunity admirer.”
“I’m starting that new job,” Cas told him, cutting him short. “In the department store. I start Monday.”
