“You’ll stop hunting?” Cas’s voice was so hopeful, like it was before the apocalypse truly begin. Before he lost his faith in the good. And Dean couldn’t disappoint that voice again.
Jack told him about the movies and shows he liked, he apparently had a lot to say about Anakin Skywalker, and ran through a well-practiced series of checks. He cycled through a couple of bird nest cams, the local emergency radio, Lebanon’s emergency radio, and some news websites, and told the angel about which sites he preferred, and which ones he hated. And then described a number of nest incidents, ranging from adorable moments to the “harrowing” moment when one of the condor chicks had played with plastic. He snuck out that night to retrieve the bit of microtrash and had discovered that the birds did not mind his presence. Since then, he had taken to feeding the bunker birds by hand every sunrise and had left a couple of well-stocked feeders for them before the little family left.
Cas rolled his eyes, “I know. He’s probably going to make me wear it for the next year.”
, soon he would lose Dean entirely. He could feel his brother’s soul like ashes slipping though his fingers.
Thank you for reading and be safe.
“Then stop hunting. After this hunt. You stop. You settle into the bunker and you get ahold of that shifter Jack told me about, or any other doctor who knows about hunting and you get help. But you stop putting yourself where it’s easiest for you to die.” Cas was in Dean’s space now, so close they could be kissing, “You stop hunting. You talk to me or Sam and we’ll have movie nights on the couch until you want to stay. You go feed birds with Jack in the morning and try all the things you never had the chance to at the grocery store. You come to me and let us plan out a future, even if it’s just a day.”
“You’ve done a lot of things they won’t let you live down.” Jack finished his train of questions with a curt nod.
“Really?”
Cas was doing his damned best not to laugh as Jack frowned and stared at his sheet. He carefully pressed on a bubble, increasing pressure cautiously until it deflated with a pitiful wheeze. Dean huffed a laugh and then adjusted his hands so Jack could see what he was doing better and popped a bubble with a quick movement. Jack copied it and was rewarded with a pop! and Dean grinned, looked up at Cas, who grinned back, and somehow grinned even more.
“Will he be okay?”
Eventually they knew, but they asked anyways because nothing and no one had ever asked back then and nothing and no one asked now, they asked because it was no longer a secret, and hadn’t been for  a long time, but it was still their precious thing.
There was no explanation offered when Cas pulled open what had been the pajama drawer, barren save for the few things Cas owned. A blade, a fleece pajama set decorated with bees (complete with black and yellow fuzzy socks that had insect wings embroidered on either side). Those had been in the drawer when Dean showed the angel the room he had set up for him when they first moved in. There was also a brand-new tie with bees on it that hadn’t been among his things before but was nestled amongst a number of lost coat buttons and tiny keepsakes from another life. He recognized them all of course, but had only gathered a handful of them, the rest must have come from Dean. He pulled the pajamas out, set them next to Dean’s pillow and bent to open the next drawer down, which was crammed with unfolded, unorganized clothes all tangled together like snakes. Dean pulled his hand back, curled it over his chest where two fresh needle wounds stood starkly against his torn, mottled skin.
Dean had stayed in his room for the most part. He would make things Cas liked because it made his soul clench, made the pieces of it cut into his chest and he could imagine them scraping the sigils off of his ribs, erasing all the faith Cas had once held him to. But sometimes he sat in the living room and watched movies, the ones he had dragged Cas into wherever they were staying at the time and made him sit down and watch it together. The ones where they had gotten closer and closer until Dean could rest his head on the angel’s chest. And sometimes, with increasing frequency, the kid had appeared and perched himself on the other side of the couch, right in the middle of the movie.
“I don’t know what to do. I heard it and I walked in and he had a knife in his chest and it wasn’t the only time and he looked—” Dean cut the sentence off sharply. “I didn’t tell Sam. I just took the knife and fucking left him like that. He was afraid he’d hurt someone and I—God Cas I said I’d kill him.”
But Sam didn’t reply. And Dean knew better.
That night he had stared into the face of Dr. Meadows. Watched the drill and didn’t move his head. Sam was too far away to save him, Sam wouldn’t see, not clearly, and this could be over. It could finally be over and he could escape the pain at last. But Sam was too close and knew too much. He’d dissipated the ghost and shoved Dean into the back, defended the door so Dean had no choice but to carry on like he wasn’t disappointed.
“Dean, I will not tolerate you taking any further risks.”
“I don’t.” he whispered, melting. “I focus on Sammy and wait like a goddamn military wife. Except you can pick up the phone and call if you wanted to and you never do.” His gaze was sharp, teeth and knives guarding his soft soul. Raised as fiercely as an army of guardian angels ready to shred itself to pieces if Castiel made the wrong move and something in the angel’s chest, something like a soul, clenched at the thought.
They ended up to a cowboy themed diner Jack had noted in his folder, it was supposedly the best place for steaks in the area.
“Is it the thing that happened on the last hunt? Before Cas came back? You were worried last night.”
He decided all of this as silently as he always did. Took Cas’s sleeve because hand holding was apparently too much despite snuggling the angel for an entire car ride and opened the “Cas drawer” and then hung their coats on the coat rack that had been in the corner for years. Then they sat next to each other and Sam took Jack out for ice cream. Because frankly the child was not even a few months old and really, really didn’t need to know what his fathers did when reunited. (Or what Sam thought they would do. Really, they spent the night curled up on Dean’s bed clinging to each other in tears, reassurance and silently reprised confessions of love.)
Cas was back, and he was elated. But it was like watching a hurricane come in from a tiny rowboat that had already been swamped by the waves. Because Cas
“I’m going to bed. I’m so happy you’re back, Father.” Jack pulled him into another hug, wrapping his wings around Cas and holding him for a moment because Cas was starting to shake again. Then he trudged back to his bedroom, saying goodnight to Sam on the way.
Cas looked at It for the first time. It was drawing designs absently on the floor.
“I love Dean. Don’t I deserve to love him?”
“Give me that!” The hunter grumpily hunkered down, stared his brother directly in the eyes, and methodically popped every remaining bubble. “Friken Clown motel.”
Sam let them have a moment, let them breathe life back into each other before bundling them both into his arms and holding on tight.
Jack wasn’t sure if he
“You were all I had, and you didn’t want me.” Cas couldn’t stop himself from saying. Words were hands and his were drawn, ready to destroy.
“You are good.” The angel whispered, pushing torn edges together and hoping, praying that somehow it would work when nothing else had. “You are a good man. You are the Righteous Man.”
Castiel could remember when humans used the stars to plot out their lives. He remembered how desperate humanity had been, had always been, to seek direction from something greater than them. They used the stars to choose a lover, to blame bad luck on, to send them forward when the dark was suffocating.
He knew that when Dean woke, he would remain at his side, remind him he was worthy of love whenever he was alone. Just in in case his soul began to unravel again.
okay.”
When they walked back through with their go-bags they made sure to make noise, just in case. Dean’s plate was empty, Cas was serenely sipping coffee from a mug across from him, ignoring Dean’s bitchface.
“You’re staying behind, when we kill this thing.”
Dean just wrapped his hands around the mug a little tighter, held it against his chest. He was trembling, body curved to protect himself from something only he knew. He shifted uncomfortably under Jack’s gaze.
The coffee pot hissed, and Cas peeked through the door to check on Dean, who was still trying to ground himself in the present.
Cas blinked but Dean had already disappeared into their room and was excitedly pointing out the photos on the wall, giving a random fact about the cowboy in question before flitting on to the next one as Sam, Jack and Cas stared around the room in moderate horror. It was…
They stopped in Phillipsburg to fill up the tank and grab coffee, candy, junk food, the last half of a prepackaged apple pie from a local bakery and a slushie for Jack, which was immediately handed to Cas due to how cold it was, and then to Dean because it was too sweet for the angel and Sam refused to drink anything that had been through that many mouths, the fact said mouths belonged angelic family members be damned. Sam packed himself into the back seat beside Jack so Cas could sit up front, not because it was the nice thing to do. No, it was genuinely concerning how often Dean looked back to stare at Cas, to reassure himself that the angel was really there even if Cas spent the ride with his hand resting causally on the hunter’s shoulder.
It got Cas to grin again, the small genuine kind that Dean treasured almost as much as the angel himself. Dean moved to his forehead, to his temples and down to his cheeks, his lips and neck. Gentle, tidy kisses that drifted down the angel’s chest and lower. Dean placed a hand on Cas’s hip and looked up. Cas nodded enthusiastically and Dean kissed his member with the same gentle reverence before taking his member in his mouth, just as gently. He held Cas’s hand and traced the muscles of his thighs, coming up for air every once in a while, to kiss Cas’s eyelids. It was slow and marvelous, Cas was still, but gasping as his body tensed to the point it shook before it melted and Dean took all he could give.
“Though sometimes they are haunted.” Cas added helpfully. “Most modern ones are not.”
The younger Winchester stared at the toaster. If he stared hard enough, he may just be able to see whatever demon possessed its vintage soul, count the seconds and define its mood before it either viciously ejected its cargo or clung to it like a particularly pissed off bear. The adults all flinched hard when it launched the bread into Sam’s waiting hand like a curse. Which he promptly tossed to Jack and almost turned around to shove the bread back into the breadbox.
“Why?”
I kinda wanna stick Sam in that room.
“Sam?” The angel leaned forward a little and caught his eye, Dean didn’t move. “Sam, did Dean do something?”
“Why?”
But his eyes were drawn to the angel first, who was watching Jack and Dean fuss, wearing a set of bright yellow fleece pajamas with fat little bees flying in lazy circles. Sam was not surprised by this; he had been there when Dean found them on the first shopping trip after they moved into the bunker. Dean had held them up with a type of delight only found in drunk hallmark lovers and unsupervised four-year-olds the day after Halloween. He wasn’t even surprised by the fact that Cas was wandering around without his usual bulky clothing. For one thing Jack had woken the up too goddamn early and, for another, Cas had been living here long enough that every once in a great while he shuffled around in normal clothing. Occasionally borrowed jeans, but usually soft fleeces, his own, and worn shirts, mostly Dean’s, but occasionally some of Sam’s softer flannels when the clothes were warm from the dryer. Cas had his habits, the trench coat and suit was one of them, but he
Dean nodded and Cas took the hunter’s lips carefully in his own. They kissed until the minutes melted together, slow and soft and perfect. Coffee and toothpaste melding on their tongues.
It would turn out okay.
Cas settled across the table from Jack after the kid gave him yet another hug when he had turned the coffee pot on. He wanted bunker coffee. He wanted to drown The Empty in the warmth of his home so he could close his eyes without seeing the darkness.
“You have a lovely soul.” Cas whispers against the hunter’s lips. “Such a bright soul, such a warm heart. I’m glad I get to be with you.”
break his ankles, but he appreciated the sentiment.
They fell side by side across the bed, Dean traced the letters of Cas’s tattoo gently.
“I’ll have Sam.” Dean replied, but he was studying the steering wheel.
When they finally got inside Dean pretend to sleep until the shadows on the ceiling grew too dark to define.
“Now he’s what Dean?”
On the ninth it said, “It’s worse to watch them die. Isn’t it worse? It’s better to leave and forget. To sleep.”
Strange.
All those fucking eyes.
It fit when he, a year later, told Dean about the rubber ducks coming to rest and placed a bent, homemade ring like a halo on Dean’s finger. A ward against the knives Dean still directed at his own soul.
“You kicked me out.” Cas snapped.
He was killing Sam too. And Jack, who shouldn’t care but told him, “be safe, Dean” like he did. He was killing them all with each careless step.
It had been the angel’s knowing, terrified stare that had sent him scuttling to the other side of the table when they got home, desperate for any distraction. Anything that could give him time to dump the water out of the boat before the hurricane had a chance to pummel it into smithereens. Of course he wanted to go, even as thin as Jack’s zombie theory was. He would have leapt on it even if it hadn’t been to cowboy central just to bury what he had almost done, but now at least he could act like it was just because he liked the idea of cowboys. At least he could pretend his forced excitement was not only believed, but the cause of their judgmental stares.
Dean blinked and ran his hand down his sleeve, he could feel the leftover scars under the fabric. It made sense. It always made sense. The world wasn’t ending now, things were okay and…
Dean, of course, was on his feet and ready to fight the instant he smelled smoke, half asleep and set in a crouch, one hand held back as if to shield Cas from whatever threat lay beyond his door, the other grasping the gun he kept under his pillow.
He knew it wouldn’t work.
The rest of the drive was spent reviewing zombie lore, cowboy lore, and their game plan (Jack and Cas were allowed to help investigate but not join in on the hunt) as Dean gradually got more and more excited.
How could he have ever thought he could take care of another when he had failed so badly with Sam?
The hunter nodded minutely, but only tightened his hold. Castiel relaxed into it, let Dean hold him close for as long as he needed to. Lingered there when he released him so Dean would know it was okay.
Typing is very crunchy now. At least it won’t get possessed…
Dean rewarded him with a tiny grin. Cas patted Dean’s shoulder and let his hand linger, slowly pulled him towards the door with magnets in his fingertips. He watched Dean absently fix his clothes with a smile that grew as Dean followed him out the room, both of them still clad in a shade of yellow Dean would declare an affront to society.
“He didn’t take the grace, Dean.” Sam replied quietly.
It was only 20 minutes to the next town over, which had a nice 50’s-style diner with the best cookies and cream shake they had ever had.
“Dean.” Sam hissed, “Dean, what the fuck is wrong with this town?”
“It was… strategic, I was trying to distract her. And I didn’t understand what exactly kissing meant.”
But, after everything they had been through in the past decade hearing Dean scream as the hellhounds tore him apart, killed him slowly while Sam could not even comfort him, tore away the one piece of his family he had needed the most, was still one of his most frequent nightmares. Still so vivid he could feel the slick of the blood when he woke up. And worse, when Dean came back empty and broken and Sam had been too busy drinking demon blood to do a goddamn thing.
Dean said he “got lucky” but the words tasted like ash and were immediately swallowed by that endless aching void in his chest. He wanted to believe that next time he would stay dead, he just had to be a little more reckless and one of those goddamn notebooks would be right, but Sam’s voice was still shaking. And so he played the game, gave Sam what he needed to feel like he could be useful. Enough that he felt secure and Dean could try again later. When Sam wasn’t around and Jack wasn’t suddenly appearing at his door every time he succumbed to his urges.
They fit when Dean sputtered over his little tent, angry until he was horrified, holding the empty bottle that had held Castiel’s grace tight enough it almost cracked.
Cas brushed his fingers against Dean’s forehead, settling him into a deeper sleep before he untangled their limbs, got up and did the same to Sam so he and Jack could talk.
Dean’s throat clicked, and Castiel looked up, met his gaze. He took another step onto their burning bridge. Maybe Dean was the one in a bottle, watching the storm calm as water filtered through the cork someone shoved in, a halfhearted attempt to stop him from sinking. It had to be pulled free before it could be restored.
And if it didn’t maybe he could do something about it this time. Stop a bullet, still Dean’s blade before it reached his heart.
Cas swallowed hard, his stomach twisting as his grace tried to clear the taste from his mouth. He turned his glare to Dean, who only chuckled.
“Stop looking at me like that Sam, I’m not a kicked puppy.” Dean grumbled after leaving yet another message. “I just wanna see if he’s okay.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, voice grave. He tried to meet Dean’s eyes but Dean looked away, ran his hand along familiar, all-to-often scarred pathways across his arms. Winced ever so slightly, enough for Cas to let the matter drop until he had Dean alone. Until he could see the damage for himself. “Dean, it’s okay.”
“Yeah. But also horror films seem to take the familiar and mundane and twist it, it’s effective because it creates a sense of doubt and instability in the audience that carries after the film has ended. It’s very easy to imagine things in the corn—”
“You had Sam before.” Cas snapped, his voice wavered as it rose, “I know what you did, Dean. I know that you had a vial of drugs and a vial of water. You did it right in front of Sam. I had to listen to him watch you die. I had to listen to him panic. I had to listen to him apologize TO ME because he couldn’t keep you alive. I couldn’t do damn thing, you
“I had a bad PTSD episode once. I stayed in the bunker and watched TV.” There was another painfully long pause. “What do you usually do.”
“Am I doing the right thing?” He whispered.
However think of it like this. You’ve been depressed your whole life, wanted to cease existence since you were a third grader, and as you get older things just keep getting worse. You see a character and you watch them fall into depression and relate to them, and then you see that character start to recover. It makes you feel hopeful, and you think that just once you will get to see someone, even a fictional someone, make it to the other side and it makes you so freaking happy.
They filed into the lobby with most of their gear. Dean seemed as excited as he ever got, Sam was too tired to care, Jack was gazing around with a small, confused frown, and Cas merely continued to study Dean with worried, mildly frustrated, affection.
I admit, I have a bias.
“Oh. You’re mad at him about that.”
“Ask Dean if he wants us to get a different room.”
They both stopped at the doorway of the kitchen. Cas was glaring at Dean, a glow behind his eyes and the threat of barely contained grace swirling around the room as Dean sheepishly gnawed on his breakfast. Jack glanced at Sam worriedly but Sam smiled a little and tilted his head towards the dorms.
“Why did you start?” Cas leaned forward, he kept his voice gentle.
The clothes never got folded that night. Dean slept like the dead, but Cas couldn’t stop watching him breathe for a second, couldn’t stop tracing a love letter into his hunter’s fingerprints, letting his grief pool and settle into the irregularities of the hunter’s skin and slowly erase the places his hunter had torn himself apart.
“I know he’s sick, but he’s better when Cas is around. So, he should get better soon, right?
Dean nodded and leaned over for another kiss that Cas met with enthusiasm.
“Listen, Jack…” Sam took a deep breath and bit his lip, “This isn’t something that can be fixed like that. Dean’s…”
Later, much, much later, when Jack had the bunker to himself, he would fill it with the same menagerie. The birds would be different, and so would the children and other strays. The snake was always the same, always wrapped around his shoulders and warm. The one thing he refused to let go.
I—” he trailed off, his breath caught in his throat. “I’m so sorry. I should have been there.”
“He has flashbacks almost constantly Jack, you just brought them more forward than they usually are. And I actually wanted Dean to have a chance to talk to Cas about something.” Sam sighed. Jack turned to frown at him curiously.
Then there was the opossum tragedy, because possums only lived for two or three years, and he had started to feed when it was one and he was only a few months old. It had vanished by his first birthday, and he spent days looking for it to no avail. He found a possum plushie in his room a few days later, staticky and coated in a plastic smell that burned his nose when he hugged it.
There was a story he had read once, stolen from a free library and returned soggy with rain and cold, scientists had released an army of rubber ducks into the sea, just to see what would happen. Because they were scientists and in that age they had been almost rouge.
The kid looked up at him again, almost glowing. “That’s my job, isn’t it? To help people.”
But you have to close your eyes though, scrunch them tight so they wrinkle at the corners and give you false crows feet. Because sometimes people care enough to call you out, to make it awkward, but not enough to want to know the cause.
Dean never sat still. Dean flirted his way into situations and then panicked his way out of them. Dean never declared he and Cas were dating, leaving all onlookers in a state of confused limbo. Dean kept Secrets. Things that Cas understood, Jack knew, and Sam theorized. Things about John and having enough food for them to grow up on and the places they stayed and Dean’s silence.
It looked directly into his eyes for a long moment and disappeared. Left Cas to count his heartbeats again for almost a day.
Still, he fought, they both had, to retrieve the angel’s grace and traced his phone’s GPS to the small convenience store Cas was working at now.
And so it went. The first few years Dean listed all the reasons he didn’t deserve to be saved, to be loved or cared for. It almost shattered the angel’s grace. But it was better than the next stage, when Dean just said he was sorry over and over again as Castiel raced to repair the damage each apology caused because he wasn’t sorry for the right reasons, he was sorry because he was too much to take care of and nothing Cas said could change his mind.
“H-hello, Dean.”
“This doesn’t have doors to the parking lot.” Jack leaned over Cas’s shoulder to talk to the angel. The hallway was freakishly narrow.
Wasn’t it?
“Dean.” Cas stood, placed himself by the door so he was a mild inconvenience. They had talked about this, but it still made Cas uncomfortable.
Jack was silent, thinking. “I don’t know. Dean did it because things were falling apart, and I thought it might help me too, I guess. And it did for a little bit, but Dean caught me. He was so scared, Cas.”
Because he was guilty. Or because he still cared enough to be selfish and wanted to think Cas could be alive somewhere out in the wild blue yonder.
Sam pressed his lips together over a laugh. “Kind of. Sometimes adults who love each other a lot like to have alone time with—with each other. I was just teasing Dean a little bit.”
“Should be.” Sam handed Cas his phone, which Cas balanced on the leg Dean wasn’t occupying and tapped out a search. He clicked on a 24-hour place near a college and handed it back to Sam.
The kid tilted his head curiously, “Is it the same reason you wanted them to be alone together for the case?”
(See the end of the chapter for
It took all of three minutes for the Nephilim to follow after him. “Are you okay? Dean? Dean?”
You don’t have to kill characters to make people feel for them. Just make them interesting and let them heal, the feels come form healing. If the story relies on a character’s death to be the only compelling force in the writing (especially for a closer), add in other things, like friendship or love or comedy, or a tragic backstory that actually matters to the rest of the story.  Sometimes it works in the story, like Farewell to Arms, which feels distant and sad anyways. But most of the time it’s just slapped on out of laziness in lieu of happy ending because all the classics have sad endings. Break the mold.
It was the echo of the door to the bunker gently falling shut behind his angel.
“Oh.” Jack said awkwardly.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first day was silence. Was Cas counting his heartbeats and adding them up in the darkness because he could not count his tears. He could feel It watching him. But he did not go to sleep.
The angel smiled at Jack and started to hum, quietly at first but raising his voice in a gentle crescendo. It was how he usually woke the brothers up and it still worked like a charm. He bundled Dean into bed, checked on Sam (who rolled his eyes but grinned anyways) and steered Jack into the other room before taking a seat on the chair by the window so he could stare at the lights in the parking lot.
Dean sighed miserably, Castiel looked a little more unsettled. “It’s probably goose down.”
When it was over, when he was drunk on the resulting rain and Dean was struggling to stay awake, he pulled the hunter into his arms and told him he was good. Thanked him for letting the angel love him, letting him take care of the hunter. Told him he was worth loving, innately because he was alive, and specifically because Dean’s opinion of himself was a monster all of its own, smart and deadly, waiting in the shadows to rip his hunter to shreds. But Cas was armed to the teeth with all the reasons he deserved love.
I had another idea for this where Jack brings back the guard by swearing at him, and Dean lectures them all about not taking risks, so they all call him out on being a hypocrite. Then they go home, Dean talks about hell, and they have a movie marathon. But this felt more natural. I may plunk it into a different story.
Cas sucked in a breath. “Dean’s…” Cas’s voice faltered. Dean wasn’t okay. Cas wasn’t okay. Not after…
Dean but his lip and nodded. Cas waited for him to find his voice.
“Mary was—
And it was wonderful. Jack was wonderful, and Cas was proud of his son, and the more he knew the more he realized that Jack really was going to be okay. He was probably the best adjusted out of all of them somehow.
It was hard to see Sam so desperate. The kid would adjust though. He had adjusted well enough to loosing Cas, he had adjusted well enough when Dean was in purgatory. It would be a new start. For him and Jack. They would be a little family and it would be a good thing—better without him, stronger without the broken husk they had been forced to carry around. They could get a dog, have as much of a nice apple pie life as Sam could get while raising a being who could cause a 20-square-miles-wide blackout with a sneeze.
Well, Sam had nearly brought home another body to burn. Another reminder of how close he
But Sam was worried. Sam was trying to fix him because he was scared. Because when he had said “bullets and whiskey” The bullets hadn’t been meant for the monsters and Cas wasn’t there to stop him, pin him against the wall of a dark ally and make him listen the only way the angel had known how.
And then they get killed off. No one gets to see the character heal because they are now dead. You don’t get to be happy for them and don’t get the satisfaction of seeing them genuinely smile and have a good life, have a beautiful, sunshine and rainbows ending that you can only dream of having because some ass decided that the only emotions viewers are worth are sadness, pain and grief. Because some other ass back in the 1800’s wanted to be a sensationalist.
Still. He almost regretted it as he watched his brother panic and mourn through the veil. It had been selfish to do it in front of him, no matter the reason.
Jack flopped onto the bed he was sharing with Sam (they had no cots left), he lifted his head with a frown and poked at the pillow. “Dean?”
Sam was already in the kitchen, handing Jack pieces of fresh, golden toast which Jack was using a spoon to butter with focused precision. Every millimeter of toast had been coated perfectly and evenly in a way that could only be described as fussy. Dean grabbed a clean spoon from the drawer (knifeless, apparently, from the brief peek Cas caught over the hunter’s shoulder) and stepped in beside the kid to spread jam with the same focused precision. He carefully coated every millimeter with a thick, perfectly level layer of strawberry jam.
Cas pretended not to see his limp; that he didn’t notice the lacerations winding into he sleeves and shirt collar. It was easy to smile and act like his heart didn’t clench at his ex-lover’s pain.
“So… what do you usually do?”
But he set it on the desk like a model ship he was preparing to bottle.
“Did you talk to him about it?” Sam glared right into Dean’s eyes, forced himself to bear the pain and shove through the threatening tears. “You need to actually talk to him. Please Dean. Don’t make me…”
“And I can trust you not to try to get yourself killed?”
Sam sucked in a breath, “Yeah. Yeah, I think dad was. Dean won’t talk about it though.”
He would
“Oh, shut the hell up, Sam.” Dean grumbled.
It felt a little too much like the time when the hunter had chased off a man who had been talking to him in a library, standing too close, somehow terrifying but horribly sweet and entirely normal, with the sort of righteous fury he normally reserved for demons. It felt like later that night when he gave Jack “the Talk” that wasn’t the one Sam gave him, hands on his shoulders and emotion flooding the room with a protective desperation that Jack had only seen in life and death situations. “You tell me. Right away,” Dean had said, “If anyone ever touches you, or even makes you uncomfortable you tell me and I will make sure it never happens again.” And in that moment Jack understood Dean’s wrath because in that moment he glimpsed into Dean’s memories and saw the man in the library with different faces, towering over them both in the dark.
Dean had said, had promised like a broken record, he would never kick Cas to the curb again, but he had done it enough that when Cas looked at him, truly looked at him, he saw the man who had kicked him to the curb a thousand times before. It was a long line and no matter what good Dean had done, it stood unbroken against the dark.
And for years they left it as it was, quiet nights huddled together, pretending they had all the time they needed because they were satisfied with this. Dean’s libido shrunk into what few spaces his time in hell and before hadn’t shattered, and Cas was gentle, careful, not waiting for the day Dean was magically ready but melting into him as he was. Cas was ice dripping into thawing soil, preparing the way for whatever wildflowers would grow— they could lean against each other, kiss the fragile places and that was more than enough.
Cas stopped counting heartbeats by the fifth day.
When Cas finally came back with his stolen grace Dean made him all kinds of food he didn’t need or want to consume and brought him his favorite things but Cas couldn’t take them, he just let them sit on the table until Sam put them away. Dean had done his goddamned best to bridge the gap but whatever water was between them, churning and broken, filled the horizon. There was no bridge to build and nothing left to burn. It was just a nothingness that threatened to drown them both. He wished he could say he left to save them, but the truth was that he left to drown on his own. No matter how much he wanted to he couldn’t bring himself to care, at the same time he cared too much, that Dean was drowning too.
The Impala turned the corner, Cas shifted from foot to foot.
So Jack gave it one. He kept the snake in his room, she seemed to like cuddling more than the birds and Jack was happy provide. He let her coil around his arm and meandered through the bunker like a domestic Steve Erwin in fluffy penguin pajamas. Sam held her sometimes, and she liked to crawl up Cas’ sleeve, but was the angel was too worried about startling Dean to let her do it often. And it took a while, but sometimes Dean would cautiously pet her head with a finger, flinching each time she sniffed the air with her tongue. Jack offered to rehome her, but Dean shook his head and told him he was proud of how caring Jack was.
But Sam would let Dean have this one small secret. So, he continued with his other concerns as Cas ushered Jack out into the hall let them have their space.
“Maybe we can heal them.” Jack suggested slowly.
“Alright.” Dean declared and thunked his and Cas’ duffle onto the bed closed to the smiling clown, “Let’s just get some dinner and settle in, we’ll be going home tomorrow.”
He only needed to bear it for a few moments before Dean walked in, running his hand gently across Cas’s back as he walked past to grab something from the closet. Something small enough to tuck into the pocket of his jeans, or perhaps nothing at all. Just an excuse. He hadn’t needed to walk past Cas to get there in the first place.
Dean turned on the desk lamp on his way back through and Cas watched him settle into the bed again, watched him shift until he could see the table where Cas sat. Cas smiled at him with a small, awkward wave and Dean smiled back.
“Don’t… Don’t tell Cas about today.”
“I always want you, damnit.” But there was only a quiet bitterness behind Dean’s words.
“I have to agree with Dean on that one, Jack.” Cas grinned with a shake of his head, “We don’t need to add corn monsters to our repertoire.”
This is mostly just a chat about what happened. It does not add to the story, but I would like to discuss it.
“What about Jack?”
Sam rolled his eyes. In the past couple of months he had been surprised, and concerned at first, to find them not only in the same room but on opposite ends of the couch. He had almost spoken up the first time, ready to get between them and stand up for the kid. Dean was turned away from Jack, not enough to see Sam in the hall, but enough that Sam could see the light reflecting on his face. Jack had been perched on the other side, watching the screen intently, but had looked up and given Sam a small smile. It seemed to have become a weekly thing, like the movie nights with Cas had been. Sam had even heard Dean rumble about various facts and (very occasionally) answer Jack’s questions.
He saw Dean again at a diner. Through the window. Sam was talking but Dean was staring at his bottle of beer like the urn of a loved one. He isn’t eating.
It took ten years to fix his soul. One month on earth.
have options.
“He doesn’t hold it against you.” He glared Dean’s mouth shut before the bastard could declare once again that he did not deserve forgiveness. “Though you should probably teach him how to make toast before he starts a fire in the kitchen like I did when you taught me how to make coffee.”
Castiel pulled out the small roll of bubble wrap, tore a square off and passed it to Dean like a peace offering. Dean tossed it over to Jack before sitting down against Cas. Jack was about to toss it back to Dean when Sam snatched it.
Shortly before the snake flopped into their lives there had been an incident with a family of ducks and a starving dog. Jack healed the remaining three ducklings and Dean grimly helped Cas fix a box to put them into. Jack held them close the entire drive to the rescue, telling them that they were strong and good and it wasn’t their fault. Telling them to survive and have a good life. And he didn’t meet them again but they did.
Dean was hollow. He waited for Sam to return and knew that his brother would come back empty-handed. His chest
Sam bit his lip, looked away from Cas’s searching gaze. “Yeah, Cas.”
On the fourteenth day he walked outside, knelt in the cold mud and colder rain, and suddenly found himself with an armful of very disoriented angel. The weight of his appearance toppled them both to the ground and they stared at each other for a long, silent moment, too shocked to do much more.
But all Dean’s defenses were made of knives.
Dean kept looking out the window.
But then…
But it was the last place left to stay in Claire, Michigan.  Which was apparently quite a destination in the middle of January.
Then there were the kittens someone had left on the side of the road, tied up in a grocery bag on a hot day. Jack cried for all eight of them as he checked each one over, setting them in Dean’s lap since Cas was driving his truck to pick up supplies. He healed Dean’s allergy and the kittens stayed with them for three months before Jack flew around and interviewed families, chose a kitten that suited them well,  and homed them… except the floofy black one Dean liked zipping in his coat around so she could look outside while he drove, safely snuggled against his chest.
But that warmth hadn’t stopped him from bringing devastation to his piecemeal family. Perhaps this was his true penance; lost trust, lost homes and a hell of his own making.
“Dean shoves them in a box and keeps them like a scrapbook under his bed.” Cas replied as he sank into the bed and started to dig around in the duffel. “Puts little tags on them with the years and what happened. Like a science display but sentimental.”
Jack started to pass out plates of toast, “I already packed the coolers, and tried to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, Sam told me that they were your favorite, Cas, but the peanut butter is stickier than I thought it would be and tore the bread. Also, the pie smelled weird and was kinda slimy so I put it back in the fridge, I don’t think it’s good anymore but I wasn’t sure.”
It should have been Sam, but Dean was Cas’s lover, which made Dean Jack’s dad. And Sam and Dean usually avoided talking about such things, even when a gentle touch was met with a ragged scream and a gun.
“Well, it’s the same kind of thing if he’s sleeping.” Sam smiled sadly. “You gotta let us handle it, okay?”
Dean seemed to sober on the car ride over, and Jack had slid into the booth next to Sam with an obvious and encouraging wink at Cas while Dean meandered, admiring the endless array of old cowboy paraphernalia that lined the walls. (Slightly less tackily than the room, thank Chuck.) Cas was occupied with watching Dean fondly while sipping his coffee but he reached over to ruffle Jack’s hair with a grateful smile.
The hunt the four of them had been on had been… troublesome. But Sam couldn’t pinpoint what exactly it was that made Deans words leave. No one new had been killed, no one familiar had almost been killed.
“That’s another thing they won’t let me live down.”
It was fairly normal for a cheap motel, if you didn’t count the dozens of sad clown pictures that lined the walls. The clowns all emerged from dark, misty backgrounds and peered out at them, eyes gleaming like demons. It was enough to creep Dean out.
Jack giggled, “Yeah.”
Sam opened his mouth and closed it before nodding. “I’ll let you tell him.”
“The pizza place is closed.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Castiel patted his shoulder. “I checked. Town’s two moves from being a ghost town.”
When they returned Castiel didn’t fit in his dusty, blank room in the bunker, but he fit in Dean’s.
. I have to grieve him
“I’ve wanted to go here since I was like ten, man. It’s on the list of shit Dad didn’t let us do.”
“It’ll be okay Cas. We’ll gank this bastard, and we’ll stop by the store on the way home tomorrow. I want to try my hand at making apple pie.” He ruffled Jack’s hair, “You make sure this assbutt keeps safe, got it kiddo?”
A song I listened to a lot while writing this last scene is Pieces of Me from Aviators. It fits Cas very well. The main song that I’ve been listening to for mood-setting is Disconnected, also by the Aviators. (Fantastic band by the way, they have a little of everything.)
He held the keys to everything Dean was in the palm of his hand and only needed to find where the hunter had buried the locks they belonged to.
“May I take care of you?” Cas murmured, his hands catching Dean’s, Dean nodded. Cas unbuttoned Dean’s shirt with reverence, pulled it off his shoulders and set it on the towel rack before he pulled off his t-shirt and inspected the hunter’s torso carefully, then he moved down, carefully removed Dean’s jeans and inspected his legs as well, catalogued his skin like the creases of a well-loved book even though he had healed both hunters when they came home. It was love, and not sex, it was them.
“So what, is this another ‘don’t come back’?” Cas hissed. It wasn’t fair, he knew it wasn’t what Dean meant but it hurt. It always hurt. Like all the other times Dean had given up on him, his prayers dwindling until one last
It rolled to a stop and he stared at Dean through the windshield. Willed the hunter to believe he was there, needed him to believe Cas was real so the angel could believe it was true. Time seemed to slow.
Dean sat in the parking lot of the strip club and stared at the doors with dead eyes. He didn’t want to be here. He didn’t want sex. He didn’t want women he wanted…
Dean whimpered a little when Cas broke it off, so Cas plunged back in, one hand in Dean’s hair and the other soothing his muscles with a sliver of grace – forcing the tension away for the rest of the night at least.
Dean said nothing, let his eyes settle on the world outside as if he could see through the darkness.
Dean called again, just to listen to the silence.
that didn’t.
Jack nodded, “I know John was bad. Dean doesn’t talk about a lot of things, I think he should. It makes Father worry a lot. And my research says it helps.” He sat up a little, “What about Mary?”
Thank you for reading! Please be safe.
And Jack still used Dean’s recipes when he made dinner for his human husband, his dearest friends, and the angels and ghosts who dropped by to visit.
“Maybe?” Sam’s phone beeped briskly as a text message came in. “Can you check who that was? The password is 1122.”
Silence.
“Watched a zombie movie a couple weeks back.” Dean interjected. His voice was still hushed, like he was pulling his words from tar. Sam raised an eyebrow and Dean held his hands up. “Kid’s quiet when he wants to be. Can’t send him out halfway through when he finally decides to ask a question.”
That was the human rule after all. No questions.
To be fair, the décor of the room was a more than a little offbeat, the walls were covered in yellowed floral wallpaper halfway to the floor, and there was cheap, warping vinal “wood” on the bottom half. The floor was covered in rough, fraying, green carpet with blue and green speckles.
This is the chapter where they really talk about Dean’s suicide attempt. Please be safe.
The first time they crossed the line, years after they started cuddling, was careful. It had been full of questions, word’s like “
The hunt had been a simple salt and burn. A little girl this time, with a story she said only Dean would understand but never told. So now Cas was hovering while pretending he wasn’t hovering in the front seat beside Dean and Jack was getting more anxious than normal beside Sam in the back. But Sam didn’t know how to explain Dean’s silence, not with him sitting directly in front of them. Especially since it had been so common after Cas died and he’d been angry then. His world had shattered yet again and even though the glue was back in his hands he still needed time to fit the few pieces that hadn’t yet been ground to dust together again.
I know it’s weird to put this on a s15 fic, but please no other spoilers for s15.
Sam sighed. Ran a hand over his face, “Right, yeah. I’m going to bed. Talk to Cas.”
“Yeah.”
“Because you can’t see anything and it’s easy to get lost?” Sam asked.
The vial of grace was still where he’d left it on the stump he used as a desk sometimes. Coated in the browned bloodstains, fingerprints he could never forget and wished desperately that he could despise. Love wasn’t enough. It never was.
Cas buried his face into the top of Dean’s head, they drove to the café in silence, even after Dean flinched awake  and stared at Cas in disbelief for a few moments. The angel gently placed an apple cinnamon steamer into Dean’s hands, assuring him it tasted like apple pie and was worth the lack of caffeine, and chugged two triple red eyes in the blink of an eye. Sam ordered him another coffee drink with honey and cinnamon, which he sipped carefully while keeping pace with Dean. The older Winchester drifted in and out of sleep as they silently made their way back home where Jack was waiting.
He loved this Dean too. As much as it broke his heart to see that the hunter still couldn’t let down his guard, with all the wards and the bunker and an angel to protect him. At least Dean didn’t classify him as a threat at the moment. And that was a blessing.
He had known the antidote wouldn’t work. It wasn’t an antidote; it was really only there so Sam could feel like he tried his best. He was scared to die. Almost. But he wanted to kill the emptiness that consumed him before it could take Sam and Jack down with him and that meant he had to die too, because he was too far gone. So he didn’t think about it when he took the needle and thrust it deep, felt it hit his heart, felt the endless second of pain before his relief. It was bliss. He could go now, help these last lost souls and go somewhere where he would not come back, where he would no longer need to endure heartbreak.
“Look, I already got the whole anti-suicide speech from Billie. And it’s not like it helped, I mean seriously, I’ve wanted to die since I was a goddamn first grader! What the hell do you want from me? I’m not going to get better. You
The kid was silent for a few moments. He had wanted to talk to Dean; there was something terrifying buzzing around the older hunter’s aura, the same choking scent that had always shrouded the man. But it had been lighter, almost hopeful when he left for the hunt— he had actually hugged the child like he would miss him, and a bad feeling Jack didn’t know the name of yet had seeped into his very bones and filled him with dread. And now they were back, and his father was back. But Dean was afraid.
“I thought you would have taught him.” Cas said wryly, breaking off the kiss. He kept the hunter in his grasp until he pulled away like he had been burned.
Cas knew what Sam wanted to say. He would ask him to forgive Dean again, to forgive and forget and he would never tell the ex-angel to move on already, but Cas would hear it the same way he heard “get out.”
Thank you for reading! Please be safe.
The angel led him calmly to the showers, he pulled at Dean’s shirt and Dean started to take it off.
On the fourteenth day, a Thursday, he clutched the bag of ashes to his chest and wrote a note. He wanted to rest with Cas.
Dean nodded and leaned forward to kiss Cas again.
And Mary was the one who brought home the parrot. It was thirty and a monster killed its second owner. They didn’t know what it had been called, or it’s gender, but it had bright red feathers and said curse words and scientific terms with equal enthusiasm, so Sam named it Mrs. Frizzle. It liked Sam best and sat on his head at every opportunity.  It also loved to scream at Foghorn until he barked and howled, normally around two am until Jack lectured them both.
It was his turn now, after all. He could make Dean shudder and shout and he knew, now, that those things were good. That a whimper usually meant Dean was happily overwhelmed and not in pain. That a shout meant Dean was truly overwhelmed in the best of ways. That movement wasn’t driven by pain and he reveled in it.
Jack’s eyes widened, “Shouldn’t we do something?”
Rebuilding the body had been simple, it only took a minute and he braced himself when he had to place the soul. Dean didn’t want to go. He clawed and struggled until Castiel pulled him close, branding him with an outpour of the kindness he deserved.
They left for a hunt two weeks later.
“A ghoul cannot kill me, Dean.” Cas said softly, he looked over to Sam. “How about Sam and Jack wait in the hotel and I go with you.”
When the elder Winchester was younger he would sneak pieces of bubble wrap from… somewhere. He would sit in the corner, watching the door, watching John. Sam remembered how he always watched John as if at any moment a monster could crawl out of his skin and destroy them both, as if it had already happened. John would sleep, drunk and empty, and Dean would sit, eternally silent, a crumbling mountain that had been left in the elements to erode for far too long, in the corner popping bubble wrap with shaking hands and dead eyes. And Sam didn’t understand then, he just wanted to sleep. But Dean was silent and empty and didn’t see his ire.
“I mean it.” Jack shuddered, “I could feel his pain. He was going to die, Sam was desperate, but I didn’t know how to get to him, I don’t know how to aim when I’m flying.”
Dean had enjoyed himself then too.
Sam, exhausted behind him, Cas thought he might at least try.
Sam didn’t meet his eyes when he sat back down, he just folded his hands on the table and they waited in silence for their food to get cold and congeal. They left a tip and the waiter scraped their food into the trash, dumped the bottle, still full, down the drain.
“Sam.” Dean called softly.
Jack would smile at them and they would flit closer and closer and he gave Dean the puppy eyes and Dean bought him a little bag of birdseed to keep in the trunk. After that Jack would creep past their beds when he woke up and sit outside, birdseed spread across his body. Cas would join him if Dean wasn’t holding him too tight. Dean would tease him a little, with a warm grin and a ruffling of his hair.
“Dean.” Sam stared at the walls in horror, “Dean, we can’t stay here.”
“It hurts
When he found the fawn he called Sam, because, while Dean was supportive, Sam was the one who researched things and he wasn’t sure what to do. Besides, Dean had asked Cas to come with him to therapy that day, since they were going to talk about John.
“You saved people too.” Cas soothed. “You were broken, Dean. It wasn’t your fault.”
Sam came in a few minutes later to a cacophony of bubble wrap and three heads turning in sync to stare at him in a way that reminded him of a bunch of baby owls watching their mother swoop in after a hunt. He settled in a recliner (resolutely trying not to think about how his brother had gotten them for free somewhere because it was Dean after all, and Dean was nothing if not a clean freak) and watched Dean corrupt his son with the annoying, calming wonders of bubble wrap.
Dean listen.
They fell into silence again as the police drove by. Hopefully it was a good sign. Hopefully Sam and Dean had been successful and were well clear of the scene by now.
happened. Despite all the good Cas brought with him, he was still exhausted.
He let Dean run his callused, trembling hands over his body, let him burrow in close. Let Dean grip him as tightly as he needed to raise them both from hell.
“I saw.” Jack whispered. “I wouldn’t do that to him. I wouldn’t do that to anyone. How do I make sure he knows I won’t hurt him like that?”
adults who love each other a lot.”
Dean alright.
He had a nice smile.
He knew that when Dean woke, he wouldn’t remember a damn thing about healing. He would remember Hell though, because his soul clung to guilt, drank it in like poisoned water in the desert.
When Dean showed up at his workplace yet again he said nothing. He left a vial of swirling blue ether that sat, heavy and bloodstained on the counter.
“The kid tried to cook again.” The hunter mumbled, and dropped his guard to glance at the angel with muzzy eyes. Cas stood and pulled him into a hug, and a kiss. Dean had dubbed the move a “hiss” once at three am when they were sprawled on the bed and drunk on comfort, not whisky— with lives like theirs true safety could be just as inebriating. Dean had declared it to be the best method of kissing.
The angel could remember it perfectly, now, Sam had declined, saying that a “hundred times was enough” and left them side by side in front of the projector with a bowl of slightly burnt popcorn. He still had his wings. It had been the first time Dean had leaned over into Cas’s space for more than a few seconds. It wasn’t cuddling. Not yet, cuddling was when Dean melted into Cas’s side, held onto the angel with all his might, absorbed the extra heat his grace produced like a sponge until Cas could feel his touch starvation fading, healing at last. It wasn’t cuddling, just the tip of Dean’s shoulder resting quietly against Cas’s bicep.
“He’s not dangerous.” Cas frowned.  Dean hunched further; arms crossed around his stomach.
“Look man, he already knows.” Dean’s smile slipped for the first time, his eyes were red and watery, had been even while he was giving them an impromptu history lesson.
Dean just laughed.
It feels done, but it felt done last chapter.
But it was his heart that empowered him. It led him to his goal, to Dean Winchester, the boy who prayed to die on a Thursday when he was six. Who was at the mercy of a merciless hell that was still more merciful than his father had been.
“Dude just came back from the dead, of course he smells weird.” Sam interjected, but his smile had been too bright and faded the instant Cas looked up. The angel was scared, the kind of scared people got when they found a lump and the doctor called them in first.
“Oh.” Jack frowned. “Consent is important. I’m very sorry that happened to you Dean.”
“It was… I was new to swearing, and it was the first thing I could think of in a dire situation. It’s been over a decade and I have yet to live it down.”
But it didn’t finish the sentence.
“I’ll be safe. I promise.” Dean assured, leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.
He should have known that he would never have a place to lay his head, not one to keep. Heaven never wanted to keep him and neither did Dean, which he should have known.
uncommon for Dean to be excited. It’s nice. I haven’t seen him like this before.” Jack bubbled.
The waiter refilled their coffee cups, but neither of them moved to drink their fill.
“I think we should just get some pizza.” Jack suggested. Sam nodded quickly.
He placed a hand on Dean’s arm, two fingers pressed into his skin, “May I start with a massage? Your knots are back.”
As a survivor of abuse I DO NOT advocate for automatically forgiving your abuser. Sometimes it takes a long time just to be able to feel angry. I don’t follow all that “forgive your abuser regardless because they suddenly got better and/or got sick/were sick” nonsense. It’s bullshit. If someone hurt you they don’t have a right to forgiveness, but you have a right to peace, you deserve to be angry and feel hurt. And while sometimes that peace is finding a place to let go of the pain and move on, sometimes it’s finding the guts to be angry at what they did to you, learning how to stop loving them and letting them continue to do you harm (I struggle with that).
Addressing Jack’s self-harm, and the abuse in this chapter. Please be safe.
“Did you talk to Cas last night?”
Dean walked numbly towards the kitchen, he could hear Cas making coffee (it was Cas. It had to be Cas. If it wasn’t he would just let it kill him). The hunter stood in the doorway, one arm braced on its frame as he watched Cas gently pour two cups of coffee, he scraped out a couple teaspoons of crystalized honey and left the other black. Dean wanted to cry, to collapse on the floor, to, for the first time since meeting the angel in that damn barn, worship the ground he walked on because it was
“And then I came.”
The payphone had disconnected, and Dean sped towards the hope he was desperately trying reject.
“I’m sorry, Cas.”
Cas could feel his family’s grief, the worry and the longing. He had since he had arrived and that had been more reassuring than the sunlight on his skin. He had tracked them with it, drawn conclusions from it. Panicked as Dean got hopeful, said he was on his way and Sam panicked, sent him a desperate prayer pleading for help and apologizing while he ran towards the nearest town and cursed whoever had decided to stick him so far away. Cursed his shattered wings because they might cost him his heart.
“But you’re here now.”
“Lets just give Dean a moment.” Cas patted Jack’s shoulder hesitantly after Dean collapsed in the bed. The hunter was trying to hide he was having a hard time breathing and both of them were shaking.
They turned into the driveway, arriving just in time to catch the ghoul exiting with his bags of money.
They awoke, two hours earlier than intended, to the scent of burning bread and the sound of a Nephilim discovering that just because something was not currently on fire did not mean it was not hot.
Cas met his eyes and smiled just a bit wider. Proud of his handiwork, Sam supposed.
Dean looked down again, tapping his fingers on his empty cup.
I am kinda pissed. Because they used such a stupid trope, I’m not surprised because the entire show turned into following stupid little tropes (there can be good tropes, but they basically ignored all of those). Media, especially fiction, has a lot of power. It’s a hell of a refuge and can help a lot.
“I’m fine.” Dean grumbled, as he glomped over to the coffee pot, filled his mug while standing, shaking, beside it. He took a small test sip and chugged the rest of his coffee in one long swig. Then he refilled his mug and settled on the couch, close to his family but far enough away for him to feel safe.
“I would like that.” Cas mused, nodding solemnly with excitement flooding his eyes.
Jack reached over and plucked the phone from the cupholder, “It’s from Dean. That’s a terrible password, by the way.”
His friends treated the bunker like a home, like the shelter it had always been meant to be. The old house was fine, but the bunker had working bathrooms and running water and Dean’s cooking. It was filled with bi and pan and gay people who accepted the youngsters and
Jack glanced at Dean, “Um.”
“I told you.” Dean was almost laughing.
“He made a deal with a demon to bring me back to life.” Sam tried to keep his voice soft, but it came out bitter and sharp.
And Sam was scared, and Jack couldn’t stop thinking about the way Dean had said goodbye. It was why he had looked for another hunt; if he was the one to find it then maybe they would take him with them, maybe that gnawing, worried feeling would go away.
He wanted to drop it. Crack the bloody glass on the ground and watch it dissipate with his future, like the way the Impala vanished in the dust. But he let it sit on the counter. And when it was done he took it to the shelter he had carved for himself from state land—old promises that hovered over the generations like unseen mothers. If he dropped it here this place would flourish. It would blossom and he would have left one good thing.
“Fairies?” Jack tilted his head.
For ten long years Castiel pieced together a soul that simply wanted to shatter. He stitched Dean’s soul until there was nothing left to wound, until his work gave up on unraveling while he cradled the human, made him feel safe.
Jack beamed. It was good to have Cas back, good to meet him and hug him and finally have someone to ask about the nature of his passive powers. The things he just did automatically but might seem invasive or bad. It wasn’t late, but he had stayed awake from most of Sam and Dean’s hunt, just in case something bad happened, and then stayed awake because something bad
“I know.” The angel cradled his cup, let the warmth spread through his fingers and into his palms. Let his heartbeat carry it to his chest. He was human enough to take a steady breath, human enough for it to shake. “I know leaving caused you harm. I am sorry, Dean.”
They had talked about that, once at the start. Dean was afraid he wasn’t doing good enough because Cas never moved and never yelled, and Cas told him that he didn’t like it when his body twitched. It felt too much like flinching, like loosing control and maybe that was what sex was sometimes, but he couldn’t afford it. It scared him. Dean took a moment to understand but took stock of all the things that made Cas gasp, made him react in the slightest and employed them all like he was stitching a wound.
Anyways. My rant is over. I am going to continue working on the long fics and posting the shorter ones as I complete them. This one took me about an hour and a half and is a little unedited because my Lyme disease is flaring up and I am very Tired.
Cas had forgiven Dean. That was the problem. That was the biggest match and most of the gasoline. Cas would always forgive Dean. Forgive and let himself be ripped opened again and again and it was in his nature as an angel to never learn from pain because Heaven tore him open just as often. But he still forgave the angels, and he forgave Dean and was easier to just burn all the wood before anyone could try to make a bridge from it. Including himself.
Jack nodded.
“We’re in here, Jack.” Cas’s voice emanated from Dean’s mancave as he walked by and he stopped to peer inside. It was a place Dean had made specifically to have a quiet, non-bedroom space with Cas, going so far as to keep it a secret from Sam and then decided that it was better with family. There was a recliner that Jack, following Dean’s lead, never sat in properly (it had been a competition for a while, which one of them could sit the most incorrectly and frustrate Sam and Cas the most. Jack won when he realized his wings were strong enough to hold him in the air with no more effort than propping himself up with his arms required.) There was also a bright orange beanbag the Nephilim fell in love with at the store that had appeared shortly afterwards. It was his favorite chair because it wrapped around him like a hug and he could lean against his both his fathers’ legs. Not that they wouldn’t give him hugs if he asked for it, it was just nice sometimes to have only a little touch. Too much got overwhelming sometimes.
Castiel blinked, derailed.
Later, when he grew tense again, he glanced back and Cas recited the checklist before he even asked.
“Sometimes when people get hurt it stays with them for a long time. And Dean’s been hurt. A lot.” He said gently. “And it sucks to watch someone you care about suffer like that, but all you can do is keep being there.”
“You are so very precious.” Castiel continued, all humans were precious. All humans deserved love and it was with love that he stitched the edges together. “You didn’t deserve to be hurt.”
“You two seriously ready already?” Dean leaned backwards in his chair, tilting his head and shoulders back instead of turning to look at them properly as Cas scowled. The chair snapped upright with a flick of Cas’s wrist, and Dean turned to shoot him a glare.
“Yeah. I guess it is.” The hunter said quietly, dull and flat and melded into the din of the restaurant.
(See the end of the chapter for
He did, but not to answer his phone. Dean kept at it for a week.
It started the usual way, Sam meandered to his bedroom after his customary post-hunt shower, leaving Cas and Dean on the library, sifting through movies they didn’t plan to watch but looked through anyways until they were certain they both wanted sex. Cas met Dean’s eyes over a copy of Planet Earth and Dean smiled brightly.
The parrot divided its attention between the two of them. But it didn’t need to for long—Sam and Gabe were almost always near or touching.
“Do not. No imagining things in the corn fields.” Dean glared back at the kid from the mirror.
She’d been mad one night, she’d pulled Dean into the library, away from Cas, after she had found them cuddled on the couch and Dean leapt to the other side, terrified. Cas had followed them in a righteous rage that only calmed when he turned the corner and found Mary hugging Dean and cursing her husband.
Jack beamed at him when he walked in. “You can keep cuddling Dean. I usually just mess around on the internet until everyone wakes up.”
He went to work and smiled at people and danced on the edge of socialization like a knife—if he looked down just right he could see the blood dripping from his toes. He pretended that he didn’t want a home, because homes were family and family could reject you and homes could be stolen away in the span of a breath and a few cracking words.
Clearly Jack had made some assumptions about who was next in the parental line if something happened to Cas.
“I’m going to try.” Cas tried to smile at Jack. “And it is normal for an angel to sense other people’s feelings. It’s not evil. I promise, it’s because we are made to love and making sure someone is is part of that. Thank you for taking care of Dean, I’m sure he appreciated you watching movies with him.”
. I had to listen. The whole goddamn time. Do you have any idea what that was like? DO YOU? I was stuck. I can’t fly and I didn’t have a phone. And you were dead. And yeah, I get it. This whole goddamn world fucking sucks. I know you don’t want to be here anymore. I know. But you don’t fucking leave by your own hand. Do you understand?”
But things got better. A few days before Cas came back a new mattress appeared in Jack’s bedroom, leaving the child bewildered, but hopeful. But no bubble wrap, if Sam had asked Dean would have told him about the first night, regret flickering in his empty eyes.
It wouldn’t last.
He didn’t acknowledge Sam’s tentative wave through two windows and a thousand feet or cracked concrete. He didn’t want to see the contusions he would be able to heal if he decided against burning out. If he breathed in that fractured part that didn’t seem to belong to him anymore.
“So, forgive yourself enough to be mad about dying, and stay.” Jack said, simply. Like it was the easiest thing in the world.
“Tombstone. I made you watch it.” Dean was frowning again, staring at Cas like what little hope he had was about to be crushed yet again.
Dean asked about a specific suite and was elated to find it was vacant. He asked for an extra bed and led them through the halls, grinning.
He had abandoned Castiel, over and over again. It was a miracle he stuck around long enough Dean had the chance to kick him out.
“You really can’t leave him again Cas.” Jack’s voice turned serious. He was staring at Cas again, something sharp and terrified in his eyes, “He needs you, I think he needs you more than I needed you.”
But they fit.
He knew what to do about the crushing ache in his chest, the dark bitter thing that sucked at whatever he had for a soul like a monster. Teeth and claws and knives and destruction that never ended and if it were hell he would never have known the difference. He knew what to do about it and that was nothing. The answer was shivering in the dark until his body stopped trying to warm him, but not long enough that he needed to worry about scarring someone if they found his empty shell.
Sam watched him make his nightly call in silence, his eyes watery.
“I could make it.” Sam replied quickly. “We have enough blankets. I could make a snow fort.” He turned to their son, “Snow forts are fun, Jack, it’ll be an adventure.”
“Dude, it’s a cowboy hotel.”
The ducks, some of them, made the journey slowly, without aim and without purpose. They drifted along until they reached the next shore and then waited to be found or consumed by the world around them.
Sam patted Cas’s shoulder lightly as he steered Jack out the door, who was still casting worried, guilty glances back to Dean.
was much more valuable to them than hanging out in a creepy house by themselves.
She had been trying to fix Dean, Sam realized now. To rectify the Dean her husband had torn to shreds and an angel had stitched together with the innocent little 4-year-old who wanted to work on cars and bake lots of pie and always smiled at the boy across the street. She didn’t know Sam before; she had no idea what their father had raised him into because she did not know who he could have been. But it still hurt.
“I know.”
Sometimes Dean rewound it, and the kid smiled and Dean told him that he was not to say a word of it to Sam. The kid needed some better popular culture refences than the fantasy movies Sam was partial to. It wouldn’t be long now, Dean was sure. They would only have to deal with his anger issues until his life finally ended.
But it was nothing compared to the purr of a familiar car, a rolling home that guarded his men before he had known them and guarded them still, as it cruised down the road. Closer and closer. He could track each turn and count down the rotations of the tires left until the brothers arrived, but he did not make a move to meet them. To move would be to shatter the magic shimmering in the damp of the air. It felt like a taboo, like an illusion and he wanted to hold it for as long as he could. He had promised, when Dean asked in is silent way, that he would stay right there. Right where he could be found.
Cas glanced at the table top and fidgeted with his coat.  “I mean, um, perhaps I could buy the next round ‘cause I never, you know, pay for anything.  You...you guys always do.”
Baby pulled into the garbage-strewn parking lot.  Dean, Sam, and Cas got out and checked into the motel.  They settled down on one of the beds as Sam briefed them about the details.
“I’m here.”  Cas stepped forward and took Dean’s hands in his.  “I told you I’d be back.”
“So Cas,” Sam said, sitting down, “what took you so long?”
“Yes, I got back last night,” Cas said.
Takhar turned to Crowley and paused.  “A demon?  In my sacred room?  How dare!”
Dean kicked him over and quickly reached into the man’s jacket.  He pulled out a small plastic bag.  “Are you sure about that?” he growled, waving it in his face.  The little white pills inside clattered against each other.
“Thank you.”
“Sure, where?
“Yeah, well, your girlfriend here wasn’t doing justice.”
“Don’t push it, Sam.  I did it once, just to make you happy.  I don’t want to do it again.”  Dean stopped drawing and inspected the page.  He showed it to Sam.  “It’s done.”
“It’s not your fault, you know?”
Dean made his way over to the heater and looked at it.  He crouched down and felt around behind it.  He touched something soft and grabbed it.  He pulled it out into the light.  It was a green velvet hex bag with a brown star stitched into the fabric.  He shoved it in his pocket and nodded to Sam.
“Dean, you’re clearly not getting better.  You need help.  If you don’t want to talk to me that’s fine but you can’t just internalize this.”
“Call Crowley.  See if there is a tie between the mayor and the victims.  Cas, you’re with me.  We’ve got some ingredients to buy.”
like the water was too hot and boiled him alive.”
There was an edge to Dean’s voice as he continued.  “Let’s review the past few days.”  It was something between anger and sorrow.  “You stay out all night without a word, which is not at all like you.  You’ve flinched away anytime I get near you.  Cas you suggested we
“Can’t imagine they were using them to hunt.”  Sam looked at it and flipped it over.  “Look, this one’s circled.”
Sam shrugged.  “Only time will tell.”
Dean gave Cas a strange look.  “That’s not a bad idea,” he said slowly, “Which one do you want?”
“Dean, I don’t think this is necessary,” Cas protested as Dean dragged him into their medbay, as Dean had called it, “It’ll heal fine on its own.”
Sam smiled at him.  “I’ll wait here for you.”
“I told him some.  I mentioned the demons on accident and explained the burns, and of course all the stuff I wouldn’t get placed in a psych ward for.  Can you believe he thought Cas was abusive?  But I didn’t tell him about hunting down and slaughtering every one of the demons.”
Before Dean had a chance to respond, Cas spat out his question.  “Hey, Dean, can I buy you a drink?”
“No, and you never will.  But you do know my man.  You raped him.”
The ghost reformed and flew towards Cas and Dean.
Sam was waiting outside when they arrived at the Laurel Wreath.  It was a run down, shabby looking place.  Nothing about their first impression changed when they entered.  The smoggy air clung in their lungs and the chatter assaulted their ears.  Even Dean felt a little uncomfortable.  They hurriedly pushed their way to the front.  The wall behind the bar was cluttered with photos, some looked to be almost 20 years old.
Suddenly, it clicked.
“I should call you Dad,” Dean said, “That’s basically what you are.  ‘Course, my other dad would probably object.”  Dean thought for a moment.  “He’s dead though, right?”
Dean latched onto Sam.  “Are you?  I didn’t know that.”
Finally, Dean’s brain caught up.  “An hour?  Why the hell didn’t you wake me up?”
“Ok.  What was it he thought I could help with?”
Cas stared out the window as they drove back to the motel.  The music Dean had turned on didn’t help his messy thoughts.
“Taos, New Mexico.”
Sam and Dean sat in the chairs in front of her desk while Cas stood behind Dean.
The bartender came back with his drink.  “Here you go,” he said, sliding it to him.
Cas glanced at the floor.  “Oh.”
“No.  We’ll head there next.”
“Me too.”  Sam gestured to the pile of bloody sheets.  “Looks like we’ve lost our deposit.  I’ll go get us new ones.”
Dean chuckled and shook his head.  “Sure, lightweight.” Dean practically had to carry Cas to the car.  He got him settled in the back seat and drove them back to the motel.
Cas sighed and blinked several times before replying.  “Nothing, sorry, I just lost track of time.  I’m tired.  Can you guys pursue this case without me for a bit?”
She did vanish but something new took form in the smoke.  It had long spindly arms and legs and a draconic face.  Its skin seemed to be made of bark embedded with gold.
“Come on Sammy.  It’ll be just like the good old days.”  Dean stopped, stunned for a moment.  “Did I really just say that?”
“You’re boring me.  I don’t care about a bunch of dead people, I care about the miracles.  Tell me about those.”
Dean jumped up from the couch and ran over to Bobby.  “Bobby!” he shouted.  He threw his arms around him and pulled Bobby into a bear hug.  After too many minutes he let go.  “What are you doing here?”
Wow,” Dean whispered, “Your eyes are so...blue.  They’re beautiful.  Sam!  Come look at this!”
Bobby turned to Cas.  “What happened?”
“Quantity.  A small town like this with a sudden boom in slightly odd deaths is worth a good look.”
Sam came back a few minutes later.  He stifled a laugh when he saw his brother.
“Nothing.  Just you sitting there all worried about Cas.  He’s an angel.  He’ll be fine.”
“Not great, honestly.  Dean didn’t cope well with you gone.  At first it was fine.  He waited for you to come back but at some point...something changed.  It was just downhill from there.  It was ugly.”
“I’ll call you when I’m done,” Sam said as he got out, “Let me know if you find anything.”
“Anything else?” Cas asked.
Cas shrugged.
Cas tried to explain through tears.  “I can’t remember it but I know what happened.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to.  I think...I don’t know.  I was looking for you at one of the bars and this guy, he handed me a drink.  I told him...I
Angie looked between the three of them.  “So, how can I help you?”
The kisses warmed Dean’s whole body, chasing away any apprehension he had.  They were soft and sure and Dean basked in it, until he felt himself losing his grip.  Cas had moved all the way down his stomach, just above his waistband, pulling himself out of Dean’s reach.  Dean leaned forward just enough to grab hold of Cas again and gently pulled him back up.  He buried his face in Cas’ neck and sighed contentedly.  “I love you,” he said again.
Sam shrugged.  “I don’t know.  Maybe the dead ones can tell us more.  We can find out tomorrow.   Let’s see if Crowley has anything for us.”
“It’s fine, Dean, really.”
Cas stretched and yawned.  “Yeah, I guess I did”  Cas rubbed his neck.  “My neck hurts.”
“Did she tell you a lot about the books?”
“Crowley…”
“She actually took it pretty well,” Dean replied, “Did you find anything useful about this place?”
Cas tilted his head ever so slightly.  “Get some sleep, Dean.  I’m fine.”
Dean sighed, too tired to argue.  The adrenaline had worn off and he really just wanted to sleep.  “Fine,” he mumbled, climbing onto the empty bed.  He settled in and turned off the light.
Cas looked at Dean’s clock.  “4:43.”
Sam glanced at Cas and Dean.  “No, we don’t…”
Dean saw Cas’ fall coming a mile away and was right there to catch him as he slid off his seat.  “I think you had a bit too much tonight.”
Dean drove them to the haunted house.  It was an old victorian house with faded and peeling paint.  It was three stories tall and the door and shutters hung askew.
Sam untied it and poured it into his hand.  “Twig, leaf, some bones, this one looks like a bird skull, and some seeds.  Sound familiar?”
“Dean just called me.  Were you not aware?”
“You can but you should know I’m, uh, taken.”
With a quick nod, Dean started the car and drove off.
Quickly they all surrounded the opening.  “I’ll go first,” Cas offered.  The brothers moved out of the way so Cas could clamber down.  They soon lost sight of him and could only see the gleam from his flashlight.  Dean followed, then Sam.  Soon, they reached the bottom of the ladder and dropped onto solid floor.  They stood in a well maintained brick hallway.
“If you turn on us-”
“Who dares slaughter my child?” a voice boomed.
They pulled into the parking lot and got out.
Finally, the missing piece clicked into place.  Rage flared in Dean’s eyes.
Sam nodded  “Alright, let’s go.”
Dr. Scriff looked at him gently.  “Dean, we’re all adults here.  You’re allowed to say things like that.”  When Dean didn’t reply, he asked another question.  “You said he died, yes?  Would you be comfortable telling me what happened?”
Dean struggled to breathe but refused to let go of Cas.  “I’m sorry,” he whispered.  A small part of him wondered how he could talk if he couldn’t breathe.  He didn’t have time to dwell on it as his vision grew spotted and grey.
Dean shrugged.  “It’s just vamps.  You guys can manage I think.”  Dean left before Sam could object again.
They stepped into a small bathroom.  In the shower, a man was slumped against the wall.  His skin was red and covered in blisters.  The photographer stepped aside to let them through.
“Dean…” Sam began but he didn’t have the heart to finish.  He just shook his head half-heartedly at Dean.
Dean nodded.  “Alright.”  He kissed Cas goodbye and left.
Dean bolted upright in bed.  Cas’ screams still echoed in his ears and the scars across his chest ached.  He groaned and rubbed his eyes.
Dean smiled.  “Thank you, Cas.”
Sam looked up when the door opened.  Dean stepped out and walked over to him.  “How’d it go?”
“But, if you want, you could go get us the next round.”
Dean could have gotten up and stormed out.  He thought about it but he looked at Sam.  The usual look of pity had vanished.  It was replaced with a look of hope.  Dean conceded.  “Fine.  I’ll talk to the doctor.  But, don’t expect anything.”
Cas tried to speak but the tears spilled over.  He buried his face in his hands as sobs racked through him.
Cas shrugged.  “She put some sort of spell on him.  If I had my powers, I could probably fix it.”
“I’m here now.”
Crowley looked at him as if he had no idea why venom was in Cas’ voice.  “I came to see if you’d given any thought to what I told you but I didn’t want to...interrupt anything.”
Cas didn’t get a chance to answer as the ghost charged him again.
still
Sam stood off to the side, staying out of the way.  He watched as Dean wrapped gauze around Cas’ chest and pulled the blood soaked sheets off to replace them with the ones from the other bed.  Dean walked over to him.  “Think he’s gonna be ok?” Sam asked.
Dean narrowed his eyes.  “Are you worried about the ghost?”
“Oh, just the usual.  Saving people, hunting things.”
“Thank God.  It hasn’t started yet,” Sam muttered before joining Crowley in tearing up the room.
Bobby was saved from having to respond by Sam and Cas returning.  They set up the ritual and did the spell.  Wind whipped through the bunker.  Dean clamped onto Sam’s arm, cowering from the unnatural wind.  After a few moments it died down and Dean quickly released his hold on Sam.
Dean opened the door, dressed in his FBI suit.  When he saw Cas, relief flooded through him.  He threw his arms around him.  “Cas, where have you been?”
“Hey, do I not get one?” Crowley said as Cas caught the bottle.  “He can’t even properly appreciate it.’
“Alright.  Let’s go.”  Dean turned up the music as they barreled down the road.
Dean glanced at Cas.  “Uh, yeah.”
“Great, let's get out of here.”
Cas eventually turned to Sam.  “Can I help with anything?” he asked.
Dean unlocked the car.  “Isn’t it weird that every single person said they knew nothing about why they got lucky?  I mean, how is that possible?”
“You didn’t by any chance read how to kill him did you?” Crowley hissed from his place under the altar.
When she was only inches from them, they leapt out of her path and she flew past them into the fire.  Sam shot her from the door and the knife dropped into the fire.  The house started to shake, knocking the hunters to the floor.
Dean gladly returned the kiss.  It was desperate and needy and yet somehow, still so very gentle.  Their tongues slipped together, neither really vying for dominance, just feeling out the other.
“That means the vamps run the place, right?” Cas said.
Takhar reached out an arm and picked up Crowley.  “I don’t have the slightest clue why god made you disgusting
“Dean, I...ever since I pulled you out of Hell, it’s always been about you.  The angels are right, that’s when I fell.  You were the Righteous Man and I knew I needed to protect you.”  Cas’ gaze fell.  He had no idea what he was doing, the words were just flowing, no longer in his control.
Dean watched in horror as blood dripped from Cas’ stomach.  “I-I was...I tried…”  The words died on his tongue.  He walked over the bodies to Cas.  Each step weighed him down like lead.  It took him ages to cross the space between them.  While Dean struggled, the pool of blood grew ever bigger at Cas’ feet.  Finally, Dean was close enough to reach for Cas.  He put his hand on Cas’ cheek.
“I say we start with the people who got their wishes granted,” Dean said, “They’re still alive to tell their story.  Crowley, since you're not allowed to be part of the investigations, make yourself useful and steal us a police scanner, ‘kay?”
Cas sighed.  “Why are you always so insistent on blaming yourself?”
Cas gulped and just shook his head slightly, unable to talk.
“That’s not the point-”
The four of them jumped out of the way.  Dean and Sam fired a few shots but they simply shattered against the god.  “I read about this guy!” Dean shouted to Sam.  “Tried to tell you about him but-”  Dean lept over Takhar’s head as he charged again, falling and rolling down his back.
Suzzie shrugged.  “It’s not a problem.  You’ve done what you came to do,” she said, “I do have one question though.  Who’s Cas?”  Dean groaned and she quickly added, “You don’t have to answer.  I’m just curious.”
Crowley smiled as Cas.  “Dean loves you too, you know.”
“Oh, hey, Suzzie!”  Dean jumped up and went outside.
Dean coughed self consciously under Cas’ gaze.  “How do you feel?” Dean asked.
Dean leaned closer to Sam.  “Distract her,” he whispered.
“So, do we have any idea what we’re dealing with?” Dean asked as he brought their stuff in.
Sam leaned over and looked at the page.  The wings spanned both pages with gaps where the burns hadn’t hit him.  “That’s looking good.”
He slowly looked up.  The ghostly figure of a woman smiled at him from the other side of the desk.  The knife flew to her hand.
Sam thought for a moment.  “These things in the hex bags seem more like offerings than magic items.  What if the witch is getting its power from someone else?”
“FBI agents?  Um, okay, thanks Jasper.”
Sam nodded and they headed out to the car.
Cas pulled on his shirt.  “Hey, Dean?”
Cas rolled over onto Dean and kissed him.  “I love you too.”
Cas walked all the way over to Dean and took his face in his hands.  He pressed a hard kiss to Dean’s lips.  He pulled back after a moment, anxiously watching Dean’s reaction.  “Yes.”  It was spoken with every ounce of conviction Cas could muster.
Cas teleported them inside.  It was much cleaner now and the air was breathable.  Dean wandered towards the back with Cas following while Sam went behind the bar.
“Cas?  You’re back?”
Cas blinked awake.  Well, he wasn’t actually sure he had been asleep.  He couldn’t tell with the big hole in his memory.  He looked around.  He was in an alleyway of some kind.  Brick walls rose up on either side of him.  He slowly stood up, leaning against the wall for support.
Dean turned back too Cas, leaning forward in his chair.  “Listen, Cas,  I wanted to apologize for what I said earlier.  You are useful, and you’re a good hunter.  I shouldn’t have stormed out either.”
“Of course.  I’ll-I’ll show you to her office.”  Miss Peregrine led them through the building to a room labeled “Angie Willson.”  She opened the door and stuck her head in.  “Angie, there are some FBI agents here to talk to you.”
Dean brought Cas a glass of water and a couple Advil.  “Here, this will help.”
“Of course, Love.”
“No problem.”  With a nod, he left.
“Sam, I already told him he could come,” Dean admitted.
Sam saw where this was going and quietly excused himself.
Dean sighed.
Cas flinched slightly at the pet name.  “Yeah.  I just had too much to drink.”
Cas couldn’t get Crowley’s words out of his head.  He turned them over in his head for a while, pondering.  Finally he decided to speak, “Dean, have you ever read Chuck’s books?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Jeez, Sammy, eyes on the road!” Dean snapped, pulling the book away from Sam.
Cas looked at him  “What...what do you mean?”
Sam frantically told Bobby to come over quickly and hung up.  As soon as he did, Sam doubled over in laughter.
“She didn’t seem to be lying,” Cas said.
rise again to power!” he shrieked just before crumbling to ash.
Sighing, he let his hand fall back to his side.
Dean stirred and looked around.  He saw Cas, dripping wet, at the foot of the bed.  “Cas, what happened?  Is it Crowley?”
Dean scoffed.
Cas didn’t kiss back.
Dean shook his head to clear his thoughts.  He got dressed and walked out to the kitchen.  He scowled at the pitiful look from Sam and went straight for the fridge.  “I told you not to look at me like that, Sam.”
Sam nodded and left.
Dean scoffed.  “Obviously.  I didn’t much care who heard me when he was
“Why?  Do I know you?”
“Fine.  But know this, I’ll forgive you, always.”
“Did you vote for the mayor?” Cas asked.
Dean grumbled under his breath but didn’t ask again.  He turned to the truckers and they started their game.
Crowley rolled his eyes.  “Fine then.”  He headed to the door and looked back.  “Castiel, are you coming?”
Well, not exactly.
“Whatever you say, man.”  Sam stood and took the keys.  “Come on, Crowley.  You said you were bored.”
“I don’t know.  It doesn’t explain the deaths but it’s possible they’re unrelated.  It all started with the new mayor.”
“Yeah, well it’s not like Dad gave us money we could blow on video games.”
Once they were out of the building, Dean asked Sam, “Do we actually care about the mayor?”
“Then what is it?”  Cas could tell there was something Dean was leaving unasked.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
Cas nodded and sat down on the bed.  He put his head in his hands.
The three of them headed back to the motel.  Dean stretched out on the bed when they got back.  Sam pulled out his computer and looked at the history of the bar.  Cas stood in the middle of the room, watching Dean.  It would be several hours before the Laurel Wreath closed and they needed something to do.  Dean’s phone rang.
Dean stared at Cas.  “Cas, did you kiss me all over my body?”
!  I would never do that.”
“Oh, right.”
“Not really, no.”  Crowley sat in the empty chair at the table.
Cas ducked out of the way, turned and fired a second shot.
“Do you need something?” Cas asked.
Cas woke with a start.  He threw the blankets off of himself, wincing when he moved too quickly.  Slower, he sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  He knew it must have been Dean who stitched him up.  He was a bit surprised to see Dean on the bed instead of Sam.
The ghost had reformed in the far corner of the room.  She charged him with the knife.
Cas glanced at Sam.  Sam wasn’t looking at them but Cas knew he was listening.  “I don’t know.  I just feel...scared.”
Cas looked up from the article.  “He didn’t pick up?”
If you have been following this story, go back and reread the end of chapter 2.  I changed it because I finally got a hold of a plot.
“I’ll be waiting.”  Suzzie hung up.
Cas laughed.  “They do.”
“Ok, what did you do when you found him?”
Cas shrugged.  “I don’t know.  She knocked him down and before I could get to her, she threw some dust on him and muttered some sort of incantation.”
His brain wouldn’t shut up.  The thoughts ran through his head, an endless river of despair.
The door slammed open and Crowley and Sam came barreling through.  Dean and Cas both jumped out of their seats.  Crowley immediately started digging through their things.  Sam took a brief glance at Cas and Dean.
Dean grabbed his sketchbook and pencil and tossed the keys to Sam.  “Great ’cause I want to finish the wings.”  He got in the car and put Cas’ Led Zeppelin cassette in the player.  Stairway To Heaven began to play.
“That’s what we would like to avoid.”
Cas’ voice was tight as he spoke trying to control himself.  “Dean, it’s not like that...”  Tears began to blur his vision.
Cas was about to take it when he spotted a familiar figure by the bathrooms.  “Not today.”  He headed towards the table Sam was at.
“Sure.  The circumstances of it are a bit suspicious.  You weren’t very well known.  From what we’ve found, you had never even written your own article and then out of the blue you get promoted to editor.”
“Listen, you are lucky to be alive.  Much deeper and it would have split open your lungs.  I’m gonna make sure you stay that way.”  He set the cloth and alcohol down and started unrolling the gauze.
“This way.”  Sam nudged in front of Dean and led them through the house.
“Those are freckles, Dean,” Sam said, shaking his head.  He looked over at Cas, whose panicked gaze was fixed on Dean’s chest.  A brilliant, mischievous idea crossed his mind.  “You know, some people say that freckles are angel kisses,” he said.
A man sat down across from him.  “What’s a pretty thing like you doing here by yourself?”
“That was easy,” Cas commented.
Dean savored each kiss.  He memorized how it felt.  Cas’ skin under his hands, his lips, everything.  He hadn’t felt this good in two years and he’d be damned if he was going to miss a second of it.
“Can you show us the heater?” Sam cut in.
“Hey, guys.  Look at this,” Sam said.
“Well then I guess he wouldn’t care.  Right, Dad?”  Dean looked at Bobby expectantly.
Sam leaned over and whispered to Dean, “That explains it.  They haven’t made any improvements since they opened.”
Bobby looked questioningly at Sam.
Cas wandered through the side rooms.  He found a single damaged book in what had once been a library, a broken vanity, and the remains of a bed frame.  Nothing seemed likely to tether a ghost.  Finally, he reached the room at the end of the hall.
Dean sat on the floor, unmoving.  He was extremely disoriented, again.  His eyes widened as he remembered what happened.  He looked between Bobby, Sam, and Cas.
Cas moved down, placing kisses along Dean’s jaw and down his neck.  “I love you, Dean,” he whispered against Dean’s stubble.
“Give Jody our love,” Sam said as he opened the passenger door.
“Alright.  Come on Dean.  We’re going back to the bunker until we can figure out what's wrong with you.”  Sam started leading Dean out to the car.
“What hasn’t started?” Dean asked.
Dean shot it without hesitation and rushed over to Cas.
Cas nodded and quickly walked away.
“You boys drive safe, okay?” Bobby said, as he gave Dean a hug.
“Then what is it like, Cas?  Because I can’t see how it could be anything else.  I wouldn’t blame you for leaving me.  I’m a mess, I know it but at least be upfront with me.”
Crowley grumbled under his breath as he got his drink.  “What am I supposed to do while you sleep?”
“That...that’s great.  Why am I just learning about it now?”  Sam walked over to them and shook his head.  “You know what, it doesn’t matter.  I’m glad you’re home, Cas.”
“We might want to stay another night, just to make sure we got it right,” Sam suggested.
“Sure.”  She led them into the basement and pointed to it standing in the far corner.
Sam smiled at the couple.  There was nothing quite like these moments.  When the hunting was slow and they had a moment to themselves.  When Dean and Cas could be close and Sam could watch over them.  When, for just a moment, they were all happy and content.
Dean burst into tears.  “Am I not pretty enough to kiss?  Do you not want to kiss my body?” he cried.
Cas sat down on the bed.  “Yes.  Thank you, Dean.”
Dean thought for a moment.  “Nah, they remind me of you.  And they look sick as fuck.”
“No, the patron gods don’t usually manifest.”
Dean looked at Sam and nodded to the door.
Dean shook his head.  “Listen, Doc, I already have to relive it everynight in my dreams.  I don’t much care to do it while I’m awake.”
“That sucks.  Can I get you a drink while you wait?”
“Alright, fair enough.  Cas and I’ll take a shift with the research, see if we can figure it out.  You and Crowley can go poke around her house.”
“That’s because I was to blame.  It’s my job to protect people.  When they die, it’s my fault.  I wasn’t even there when it happened.  I should have been there.”  Dean felt more than heard his voice break and knew he had already said too much.
“Yeah.”
Dean scrunched his nose and turned to the officer.  “Is there any way his shower could have been that hot?”
Dean sat down next to Cas and put an arm around his shoulder.  “Crowley won’t be around long.  Just this one hunt and we can send him away anytime.  I’m gonna try to go back to sleep.”
“Hmm, nothing’s suspicious,” Dean noted, “Let’s go.”
Dean insisted he didn’t need help to get inside.  Sam hurried to call Bobby and get help, leaving Dean and Cas in the living room.
Sam came barreling through the door, just in time to shoot the ghost again.
“That’s good.”
San looked at Cas.  “And you?”
Cas and Dean laid in bed.  Dean had an arm wrapped around Cas while the angel traced the scars on Dean’s chest.  “I definitely needed that.”
“Yes, but I wasn’t always.  You tried to kill me at first.”
Cas folded them up again, tucked them in his jacket, and with that, they headed home.
Cas stared at Crowley.  “What?” Cas snapped.
Cas shook his head.
Cas nodded shakily.  He watched the door open and the man they were looking for walked in.  “That’s him,” Cas said, nodding in his direction.
“The hex.  We cornered the witch and she said that she’d planted a hex bag in here,” Sam explained as he dumped the pillows out of their cases.
The three of them bought some quarters and split up to play.  Dean liked the only shooting game in the place.  He shot down hundreds of poorly animated rabbits and set records on the scoreboard.  Cas found he rather liked Centipede and Pac-Man though he wasn’t very good at them.  Sam didn’t play nearly as much as the others did.  He mostly looked at the games, remembering playing them with his brother as a kid.  He laughed at Dean cursing out the rabbits and smiled as he realised nothing had changed about his brother’s enthusiasm for games.
Sam looked over at Cas.  “What did she do to him?  It’s like he’s...high?”
Dean’s eyes snapped open as he awoke from the latest nightmare, panting.  He rubbed his eyes and sat up.  His eyes fell on the far corner of the room and he froze.
“That was smart.  You know, this is the most words I’ve gotten out of you in a long time.  You might consider finding a regular doctor when we get home.”
“Care to explain what exactly we’re doing here, Sam?” Dean asked as they sat down.
“No!  Never.  It’s not like that.”  Dean thought for a moment.  He felt for the gun in his jacket.
Cas narrowed his eyes.  “What is it?”
Crowley nearly spat out his drink.  “Have you….have you read the Supernatural books then?”
“There was a prayer in your heart.  I just followed that.”
“I’ll tell you how to get there.”
Cas looked up at the painted sign.  The faded letters read Bob Johnson’s Pub.  Cas walked in and looked around.  The Friday night crowd made it difficult to see much.  He walked by the bar looking for Dean.
“Um...he’s really not, Dean.  He just knows it’s better to not have us as an enemy.”
The bartender raised an eyebrow at Dean but didn’t question him.  “That guy was here three weeks ago on Thursday,” he said, pointing to the picture.
Dean smiled.  “Then kiss me,” he murmured.
Cas sat down in the corner opposite the door.
“Alright.  So far, three deaths, three miracles.  The first death was a mechanic.  The hood of a car slammed down on his head.  Second was a woman eaten by rats in her house and the third was a local teenager.  She got stung by a bee but had no allergies.”
“You know, you woke me when you got up this morning.”
“Sounds like we’ve found our witch.  Let’s go.”
“The Winchesters.  Who the fuck are you?” Dean replied.
“I’ll meet you there, it’s not far from here.”
Cas took a few steps closer.  He pursed his lips and didn’t look Dean in the eyes.  “You are pretty enough to kiss,” he whispered.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Right.  Sam, find anything?”
“Listen, I know you don’t believe me but just try a pick up line or something.”
Crowley nodded slowly.
Sam rolled his eyes and chuckled.  “Let’s just go in.”
Cas was quite familiar with the way things felt the morning after.  Though he usually woke up in a bed with Dean, not in an alley with a dumpster.  Cas didn’t dwell on it long.  He had to get back to Dean before he started to worry.  He walked out to the street and found his way back to the hotel.  He knocked on the door and prepared himself for a lecture.
They stood there for who knows how long before Dean pulled away, his hands resting on Cas’ hips.  He yawned.  “What time is it?”
Dean was slightly disappointed when Cas relocated but his hands remained firmly attached to the trench coat.  “I know, Cas.  I love you too,” he said.  He tipped his head back, exposing more skin to Cas’ roaming mouth.  He sucked in a breath as Cas’ hands slipped under his shirt, exposing his skin to the cold air.  It was gone in an instant though, as Cas closed the space between them.
“That guy was a complete idiot,” Sam said as he walked over to Dean, “But he sold just about every newspaper in the city so we’ll have to make do with these.”  Sam showed him a large bundle of newspapers.
Dean stood and forced a smile.  “That’s me.”  He turned back to Sam.
“Crowley was taunting me, saying stuff about you.  I couldn’t listen to it.”
When they arrived, Dean sauntered in while Cas followed more slowly, taking note of the people around them.  Dean walked up to the bar and ordered a beer.
Dean smiled at the mention of an arcade.  “I don’t think I’ve been to an arcade in…God, it’s been ages.  What do you think, Sammy?”
He tried to open the door but it wouldn’t budge.  The handle started to burn in his hand and with a cry he let go.  It took a few tries but eventually he was able to kick it open.  Cas grabbed his shotgun and walked in.
“As long as I can come with you.”
Sam sighed and glanced over at Cas.  He was staring at the door, almost confused.  Sam felt like he should say something but kept his mouth shut.
Eventually, Sam and Dean decided it was time to go back to the motel.  Dean nudged Cas awake.  “Baby.  Sweetheart, wake up.  We’re gonna go.”
Cas moved to one of the chairs and flicked on the police scanner.  He turned the volume down and listened for anything of importance.
Dean walked over to the cooler and grabbed a beer.  “Now, we sleep,” he said as he tossed it to Cas.
“Then I can’t help you,” she shrugged.
Dean took one of Cas’ hands in his.  “I love you, Cas.”  He gently kissed Cas’ hand.  “You know that, right?”
“Crowley,” Cas hissed.  “Why are you here?”
They stayed there for a while.  Dean chatted up a woman who had sat down next to him while Cas asked around about the missing people.
Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck.  “I’m sorry it took so long.  I missed you.”
As Sam looked around a smile grew.  “Guys, this was probably used during prohibition to hide a bar.  The clothing shop was just a front,” he said.  The higher pitch in his voice betrayed his excitement.
“I see.  I get the feeling you blame yourself.”
“Hmm.”
“I know you don’t want to talk to me so I made an appointment for you to talk to someone else.  Maybe the anonymity will help you open up.”
“Jesus Christ.  You guys really need some new material.  Threatening someone is so overused.  Now, enough about me.  What have you and the violent lumberjacks been up to?”
“Good,” Cas said quickly.
Sam was up first.  He got dressed before proding Dean and telling him to get up.
Cas grabbed his arm.  “Dean, there’s something,” Cas began but he hesitated.
Cas stood stiffly as Dean pressed himself against his back, showing him how to use the coin.  Dean had one hand around Cas’ waist, the other guided Cas’ hand.  Cas loved the warmth that radiated from Dean, he loved how comfortable Dean was like that, he hated how his stomach twisted with guilt when he tried to enjoy the closeness.
Crowley chuckled.  “Because I think it’ll be funny.”
Sam grumbled something under his breath and got out of bed.  He stifled a laugh when he saw Cas.  “Dean, that’s your shirt, isn’t it?”
Dean looked at Cas and shook his head.
“My death.  I let the demons surprise me.  I should have been more careful.”
Cas let go and pushed his way into the room.
The man tensed up and glanced back.  “Ok, whatever you say boss.”
Suddenly, Dean felt it.  It started as a tightness in his chest, then a tingling in his throat.  He tried to speak but all that came out was a dry cough.  He tapped Sam and gestured to himself.
Dean got up and walked over to Cas.  “Why are you all wet?”
“What?” Dean asked defensively.
“These,” Sam said, pulling up some photos, “are the most recent victims.  We need to see where they’ve been.  Do you want to take the bars or the families?”
Sam sighed.  He frowned and looked away.
Cas did as he was told.  His heart raced as he fidgeted with his coat.  The tears continued more quietly now.
About a year after Cas died, Dean had taken up drawing.  It served as a distraction.  He usually drew things he remembered about Cas or things he saw in his nightmares but focusing on one detail prevented his thoughts from spiraling.
Cas laid down and tried to go to sleep.  He kept thinking about the missing memories.  The thought of what they could be scared him and he wasn’t totally sure he wanted them back.
Cas nodded and pulled them out of his coat.
“You want to drive?” Dean asked, opening the trunk.
Dean nodded.  “Thanks, but I don’t think that’s gonna happen,” he said.
Cas tackled her to the ground and pinned her there.
Dean shrugged.  “Well, vamps are among the easier things to hunt.  Is everyone good?”
Sam nodded and started asking more questions about the scene.
Cas woke up with his head pounding.  He rolled over and saw Dean asleep next to him.  He quickly jumped out of the bed, immediately regretting it.  He felt his stomach twist and ran to the bathroom.
Cas clung to Dean, not ever wanting to let him go.  “I love you, Dean.  I really do.”  He sighed.  “Can we just...stay like this for a while?”
She shook her head.  “No, we checked his heater and it seems to be working properly.”
Dean looked at him quizzically.  “Um, what?”
It had been two years and he still dreamt of the angel.  All the ways Cas could have died, all the ways Dean could have failed.  None of them came close to reality, though.  The nightmares were fast, angry, and loud.  Reality had been slow, terrifying, and muffled.
Cas stiffened and his throat went dry.  He swallowed sharply and tried not to read into that sentence.  “I found an arcade, one of those vintage ones and a bar with live music and a darts game.”
Sam rubbed his temples and took a deep breath.  “Fine.  Did Dean already give you a run down?”
“Oh, yes, of course,” Dean interjected before Cas could respond, “You don’t have to answer.”
“Why?”
Bobby sighed.  “Ok, give me a couple minutes and I’ll see what I can do.”  Bobby rummaged through his bag and pulled out a book.  He opened it up and flipped through it.  “Damn my instincts are good,” he said.  He turned the book so Sam and Cas could read it.
Dean put a hand on his cheek and kissed him.  “It was my choice.”
The bartender came over to them.  She flashed them a smile as she walked over.  “What can I get you boys this evening?” she said.
Sam opened one.  It had the same things as the first one.  He opened the others.  “They’re all the same.  Bones, seeds, stick, leaf.”
“Um, nightmares.  I had kind of a lot of them after you died.  Surprisingly, it’s hard to think about it when you’re drawing them.”
Dean settled back on the bed and took off his shirt.  He opened the sketchbook and continued his latest project: mapping the wing burns that scared his skin.
“I guess.  So what now?”
“Sure.”
Cas glared at Crowley.  “You told me lies.”
Cas took the hand and pulled himself up.  “Thanks.”
“It’s raining.”
Cas shook his head.  “No.  I heard that from Charlie.”
Dean looked at Sam. “You want to…”
A comfortable silence settled over the room.
“Perhaps we are interested in the mayor after all.”
Crowley sat up.  “You aren’t paying me at all.  I’m doing this as a favor.”
“No.  That’s actually why I’m here.  I want to know who else is granting wishes.  I can’t be having any competition.”
“What’s up?”
Dean watched the knife fall and his eyes lit up.  He started barking orders to the other two.  He and Cas stood in front of the fireplace while Sam took his place behind the broken door.
“How’s you know fire would work?” Cas asked.
“What sort of question is that?  ‘Cause you’re part of our family, Cas.”
“Castiel.”
“Ok, drive safe.”  Sam gave Bobby a hug before heading off to bed.
Dean made Cas let him change the bandage when they got back to the bunker.
“Nah, I’m jus’ fine.”  Cas tried to walk towards the door and stumbled a second time.  “Perhaps you coul’ help me a bit though.”
“I keep finding people who got really lucky.  Dreams coming true, miracles happening.”
“He got his chest slashed open with an
Cas stood and hugged Sam.
Dean stood up.
Eventually, they ran out of quarters.  Sam was about to get them some more when Dean told him to stop.  He ran out to the car and rummaged through the glove box for a while.  He returned with two old quarters.  They each had a string threaded through them.  “Why waste money, right?”
Angie seemed to relax a little.  “Oh, well, I certainly wasn’t bribed.  Honestly, the promotion was quite a surprise to me as well.  As you said, I’d never even written my own article.”  She shrugged.  “I guess my boss just...saw something in me.  I don’t know.”
Cas ignored the question.  He saw Sam standing on the other side of the room, watching them.  He felt Dean’s hand on his shoulder and turned to face him.  He looked at the hand, then at Dean.
“You know, Dean, you’re a real pain in the ass sometimes.”
Dean pulled up the other seat.  “Alright.  Are you feeling any better?”
Dean pouted but Sam just rolled his eyes.  They stepped out of the run down building and into the sun and Sam got Dean into the car.  Sam dug through Dean’s pockets until he found the keys and drove them all home.
Dean let his expression soften.  He didn’t quite know how to respond.  “Am I?” he replied as cooly as he could.
Sam nodded.  “Thank you, Dean.”
“I just said, you’ve earned it.  What are you getting at?”
“Hey, I have a question,” Dean said.  He pulled out one of the pictures and showed it to the bartender.  “Did you see her two nights ago?”
When they got back to the car, Dean pulled out the bag and showed it to Sam.
Cas looked at the pages with a sort of strange reverence.  He saw collages of his face, hands, clothes, etc. covering some of the pages.  Others had scenes he didn’t remember, words he’d never said.  “What are these?”
Dean started rummaging through the cupboards to find the gauze.  “Take off your shirt.”
Cas waited until he was alone before quietly walking to Dean’s room. “Dean? Are you awake?” he whispered, nudging the door open.
“You couldn’t control traffic.”
“Bars, duh.”
“Hmm.  Why do you and Sam keep me around?”
“Was that your brother out there?”
“No, he always believed.  I think he wondered if you would blame him as much as he blamed himself.”
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Dean, that’s theft.  It’s not like it’s our money.  It’s not even
The door opened and Dean walked back in with Crowley following him.  “Hello, boys,” Crowley said, smiling at Sam and Cas.
Dean nodded slowly.  “I see.”
Everytime he closed his eyes, the memory of the form below him was undeniably male.  He tried to force the image to shift, but it resisted, becoming more defined, more identifiable.  That scared Dean more.  He tried to remain focused on Suzzie but his sex muddled brain refused.  And when he came, it wasn’t Suzzie’s name on his lips, but Cas’.
Cas started to walk away but turned back.  He jabbed a finger at the demon.  “If...if he...” Cas stopped and took a breath.  “This is a mistake,” Cas muttered and he went to sit down with Sam.  He decided he’d wait until Dean came back.  That would give him a chance to calm his nerves.
“Do you remember what exactly she said?”
The house had been thoroughly stripped from years of neglect and theft.  Some of the cupboards didn’t even have shelves.  Cas looked around the upper floor sitting room.  There were doors on either side and a fireplace opposite the stairwell.  Cas picked the door to the right.  It opened into a hallway with four attached rooms, three on the sides and one at the end.
Dean pulled out a pen and wrote the date on the back of the photo.  “Ok, thanks,” he said.
The woman’s smile dropped as soon as Sam mentioned the FBI.  “Do ya have a warrant?” she sneered.
When Sam and Dean returned, Cas was reading at the desk.  He looked up from his book when he heard the door open.  “How’d it go?”
Cas felt something tug in his gut as Dean carefully wrapped it back up.  He looked at Dean who was carefully avoiding eye contact.  He’d gotten good at ignoring the feeling when Dean was too close or too far away.  Dean finished and his hands hesitated over the pins for a moment.  The feeling grew stronger before snapping like a twig.
This room was still fully furnished.  A few arm chairs sat around the room.  A red and gold carpet laid on the floor under a fine wood desk and there was a fireplace in the back.  Cas looked around warily as he walked around the room.  He jumped as the fire roared to life beside him.  He saw there was no wood for it to burn; it simply crackled against the brick floor.
“Hey, no offence or anything but I kinda want to go back to bed.”
“Dean, Dean!  There’s been another murder.”
She wasn’t where Sam and Crowley had left her so they started searching the rooms in pairs.
“It’s okay.  I said some things I shouldn’t have, too.  I’m sorry.”
“Yes, you are.”
Sam glanced at it and was about to compliment it when Dean cut him off.
“Dean, are you crazy?”
The witch was in the corner by an altar, her back to them.
Dean laughed too, probably for the first time in years.  He pressed a kiss into Cas’ hair.  “I love you, Cas.
Cas nodded, “Yeah.”
Cas stepped into the light.  He stared at the body as he walked over to Dean.  He took his hand and sighed.  “Can we go home now?”
They nodded and let Dean help them up.
Dean leaned over to Sam.  “Did that sound like a pick up line to you?”
“No.  Now what?”
Cas shrugged Dean’s hand off his shoulder.  “It’s the knife.  But she summons it to her hand when she reappears.  Not enough time to burn it.”
“You can’t come with us,” Sam said.
Cas did.  His weight pushed Dean back down.  He felt Dean’s arms wrap around him and Dean relaxed.  He dared to open his mouth and deepen the kiss.
at the house.  You never do that and even if we do have to split up, you’re never that far from me.  Something’s changed between us.”  Dean’s voice rose.  “Why don’t you just tell me if you want to break up?  When this whole thing started between us, we promised honesty, above all else.  So what happened?”
Dean gave him a puzzled look.  “Yeah, I guess.”  Dean looked at Sam then back at Cas.  “We were gonna visit the morgue.”
“Um, his name was Cas and he...was the love of my life.”  Dean didn’t intend to tell the doctor much but he lost track as he rambled about Cas.  Dean always did like a chance to brag about his angel.  “He was an angel and he had the most beautiful eyes.  They were like an ocean.  And he was smart, clever, a great hunter.  I didn’t really tell him that enough.  He loved me so much, always knew when something was wrong.  From the first moment we met, he never stopped caring, not even when he was dying.  I liked listening to him.  His voice was...it was fucking arousing, that’s what it was.”  Dean’s mouth snapped shut with a look of horror at what he had just said.
Dean’s vision finally focused and he saw Sam hovering over the body.  “Sammy did I ever tell you, you’re my favorite brother,” he drawled.
Dean pumped his fist.  He stuck his head inside. “I have something to do.  You guys can go poke around the bar without me.”
“Fair enough,” Dean muttered.  He headed out and the others followed suit.
Cas sat down next to him.  “No, thanks.”  His fists were clenched in his lap and his eyes flicked nervously around the room.
“If you’re going to tag along, you have to be helpful.  To be helpful, you have to know what’s happening.  Got it?”
Dean pulled the blanket off his bed and wrapped it around Cas.  “Better?”
“Awesome, Can you give us directions?”
“To do what you just said.”  Cas now stood by the door, three more hex bags in his hands.  He walked over and set them on the table. They looked the same as the first one.
The lady behind the desk nodded and typed the name into her computer.  “Ok, please take a seat.  Dr. Scriff will be with you in a few minutes.”
Sam ducked down and looked at the bottles under the counter, opened the register and rummaged through it.  He found nothing useful.  He turned around and looked at the wall of photos.  “Hey, Dean,” Sam called out, “You might want to see this.”
so maybe you can understand why I’m worried about him,” Dean snapped.
Vamps looked over in surprise as the hunters spilled through the door.  Surprise quickly turned to rage and the vampires bared their teeth.
They all walked over as Sam took the painting down and set it aside.  It had an old combination lock.
The witch dug through her bag, looking for something.  Cas raced towards her but was too late;  he found the pouch she was looking for and tossed it’s contents onto Dean as she muttered something neither of them could hear.
“Not really,” Cas admitted.
One of the officers led the Winchesters through the scene.  “His wife found him in the shower.  This will probably sound ridiculous, but it
“It looks like there’s a vamp nest here in town.  There have been attacks tracing all the way back to the 1920s.  They’ve spiked in the last few months though,” Sam explained.
Sam and Cas looked at each other before nodding.
.”  He paused again, his mind running through a hundred memories.
“You’re lying.  Dean’s…Dean is...This is a trick.  I’m leaving.”  Cas stood up and hurried out of the bar.
Cas and Dean stopped talking and looked at Sam who had just walked into the main room.
Dean drove them back to the witch's house.  The door was unlocked.  Dean took the lead followed by Sam, Crowley, and Cas.  “Where’d you find her last time?” Dean whispered.
Dean carefully unpinned the old bandage and discarded it.  He dabbed it with alcohol to clean up the dried blood around the stitches.
Cas shook his head.  “No, she was too quiet to hear.”
Dean returned with a plate of eggs and toast for Sam.  “There’s something I want to show you.  I’ll be right back.”  Dean hurried out of the room.  He returned a few minutes later, sketchbook in hand.  He sat down and opened it up.  “About a year after you died, I started doodling things I remembered about you.  Sam got mad at me for doing it on his research so I bought this.”
Dean was about to leave the library when Cas stopped him.  “I hear something behind this shelf.”  Cas pointed to the one he was talking about.
“So, what happened?”  Dean turned on the heater and laid Cas’ clothes over it.
Dean ran over to Cas and Sam.  “Are you guys ok?”
Sam sighed, looking over the newspapers, sorting out the useless parts.  “Nope, just a bunch of people dying weird deaths.”
“I’m not really sure.  The details are a bit fuzzy so I can’t really explain it.  How have you and Dean been?”
Cas shook his head.  “I don’t remember.”
Dean glanced at him.  “I know,” he said, reaching for the box.  He pulled out the stitches and got to work sewing up Cas’ sliced chest.  The bleeding slowed, but not before it had gotten all over the bed.  Even unconscious, Cas flinched when Dean pressed a whiskey soaked cloth to the cut.  “Sorry, buddy,” he muttered.
With a soft
One of the trucker’s joined in.  “It’ll be fun!  We’ll even go easy on ya.”
Dean climbed into bed and Cas turned to the open book in front of him.  His mind was elsewhere though.
Cas and Dean looked up at him.
Dean simply raised his gun and shot her.  The witch vanished in a cloud of smoke.
Cas watched in stunned silence.  He felt altogether too warm.  This was not the way he wanted this particular conversation to go nor was it the context in which he wanted to have it.  He told Sam he’d wait for Bobby outside.
Sam snatched them from Dean and opened them up.  He quickly tore out the photos and tossed the rest of the papers in the trunk.
Sam shrugged and didn’t look up from his book.  “Can’t blame him.  You have tried to kill us several times.”
“Because he came back soaking wet and cold.”
Something flickered in Dean’s stomach, butterflies stirred.  He leaned forward in his chair.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Alcohol, lots of alcohol.”
They hit three of the five local bars, with very little to show for it, before Sam called.
Dean climbed into his bed.  “I don’t know.  Bonding time with Cas?”
“Yeah.”
Sam shook his head.  “No, that’s all.”  He pulled a card out of his jacket and handed it to Angie.  “If you think of anything, call us.”
“Yup.  Each of the victims had publicly stated that they were against the new mayor.  The ones that got wishes granted, all had said they were
Dean shut his computer and rubbed his eyes. “I’ve got nothing.  I say we go to the other crime scenes.  Maybe their hex bags will tell us more.”  Dean looked around.  “Hey, where'd Cas go?”
Cas shrugged.  “Maybe.”
Sam smiled as Dean opened the book and started drawing.  “Do you still pray to Cas?”
Dean knocked on the door.  Suzzie opened it and waved him in.  It didn’t take long for them to make it to the bedroom.
“I know, but it must have hurt.”
, Cas appeared in the back seat.  “Yes, Dean?”
Dean promptly forgot why he was crying and went back to his freckled stomach.  They continued down.  Dean started unbuckling his belt.
“How did he react when he found out?”
“Did you actually tell Dr. Scriff anything or did you sit there making jokes until the hour was over?”
Dean could feel the tears threatening to spill over but his walls were broken as it was so he continued on.  “I held him.  I told him I loved him, I told him we would fix it, and that it...  He knew he was dying and he promised he’d come back, that he’d fight God to get back to me.  I wasn’t paying attention to anything else, didn’t even realize Sam had arrived until Cas was gone.  He didn’t know about us.”
Dean didn’t respond, he wasn’t sure he could.  He could feel the blood soaking into his shirt but he didn’t care.  He just held Cas as close as he could.  One hand trailed into Cas’ hair, it felt courser than Dean remembered.
Cas looked at him.  His blue eyes were so vulnerable and open.
“We should split up and each search a floor.  It’ll be faster.”
“Mhmm.  Can you tell me about the person you lost?”
The man’s eyes widened.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.  You can ask anyone here,
Cas’ cheeks started to turn pink.  He tried to move away from the intense green eyes but his feet remained rooted in place.
“Sam, we have other things to worry about right now.”
Dean headed into the kitchen to make Sam breakfast.
“I see.”  Cas continued flipping through the book.  Some of the scenes scared him, some were surprisingly comedic.  He loved the drawings of himself the most.  They were remarkably detailed.  Finally he reached the last one and recognized his wings immediately.  He ran his fingers over the graphite.  “I’m sorry I did that to you,” he whispered.
“Profitable night,” Sam remarked.
“You think crossroad demons?” Dean asked.
“No.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Sam just shook his head and left.
They all crowded around Sam to read the circled one.  It was an old nun.  She’d died just a week ago from cancer.
With a gasp, air reached his lungs again and his eyes snapped open.  He lay still for a moment, listening to the rattle of the motel room AC.  He realised his hand was behind his head.
Dean called Sam while Cas read the page.  “Hey, Sam.  We think we figured it out.  It’s a god of revenge called Takhar.  Call me when you get this.”
Cas hated the pull that came from Dean, hated having to leave it be.  But Cas didn’t take risks.  At least it wasn’t as painful as it had been in purgatory.
“Cas?”
“There’s something about to happen in the book, so I’ll come to bed later.”
Sam grabbed them then raced over to the altar where candles burned.  He lit the paper and lept onto Takhar.  He shoved the newspaper against the god’s skin and it caught grass in a drought.  Sam rolled off as the flames consumed Takhar.
The open gaze shuttered up as Cas mumbled, “What if that’s not-”
Cas didn’t get much reading done either.  The headache and occasional nausea were quite distracting.
“Not really.  It’s been open since 1989.  It was a high end clothes shop before that.  The place has about zero news about it.  No health violations, no fights, nothing.  The previous owner was arrested for kidnapping and the city put it up for sale.”
Dean whipped around.  “What are you laughing at?  Do I have something on my face?”  Dean looked around for a mirror and found a window.  “Oh my God!  There are little dots all over my face.  What are they?  Am I gonna die?  Are there a bunch of snip...”  Dean trailed off as he realized they kept going down his neck.  He pulled up his shirt to see how far down they went.
After finding and cleaning out the vampire nest, the brothers packed up their things to go back to the bunker.
Dean groaned.  “I’ve read a few pages.  I hated it.”
Cas took a deep, shuddering breath and nodded.
Instantly, Cas’ hands flew to his gun and he shot her.  The knife clattered to the ground as she vanished.  “Sam, Dean, I found it!”
After recovering from the bought nausea, he turned on the light, again regretting his decision.  The brightness made his headache worse. He splashed his face with water and yawned.  He walked back out to the main room and looked at Dean.
Sam got up and opened the door.  “I’m gonna get something from the vending machine.  You want anything?”
Sam shook his head.  “No, definitely not.  You are in no condition to drive.”
Cas walked back into the bunker a few hours later with Bobby.  Sam had made Dean a sandwich and was nervously watching him from the corner of the room.  Sam turned around when he heard the door.  “Oh, thank God.  He’s been relatively calm but he said some things that he will probably regret when he snaps out of it.”
Cas pulled Dean into a hug.  “Where were you?” he asked again.
Cas cut him off.  “I cheated on you, Dean!”
“It’s go time.”  Dean pulled out the demon knife and hid it against his arm.  Dean walked up behind the man and put the knife against his back.  “Let’s go out back, shall we?” he hissed.
Cas carefully slid Dean’s shirt up to his chest, prompting Dean to raise his arms.  Cas pulled the whole piece of fabric off and tossed it aside.  Cas’ mouth continued down Dean’s neck to his chest.  He scattered soft, warm kisses everywhere he could reach.  He trailed down his sides and along his ribs.  He traced the well defined muscles with gentle lips.
“I’m just glad you’ve stopped staring at me.”
Dean's voice pulled him back.  Cas looked up to see him standing in the doorway.  Cas could read the concern in his eyes and a question on his lips.
“To watch me scare him away?”
Angie gave Cas a strange look.  “Isn't that supposed to be confidential?”
“Well, what does he know?  He’s probably just trying to get in your head.”
And with that, they headed to the nearest motel.
“The seeds are millet,” Cas said, “It’s a kind of grain.  The leaves and sticks are from a variety: lemon, mango, and eucalyptus.”
“I remember what it was like when Jess died and I know what was going on between you and Cas.”
“Yeah.”  Dean didn’t look at Sam and kept drawing.
“Well enough, all things considered,” Cas replied.
Dean half smiled.  “Listen, buddy, I care about you, I do.  You’re important to our team.  Sam and I would both do anything to protect you, got it?”
“You must be freezing.  Here, take that off.  You can wear some of my clothes until yours are dry.”  Dean rummaged through his bag until he found a pair of jeans and an old Journey t-shirt.  “Change into these.”
Dean didn’t respond.
When they got back from the magic shop, Dean and Cas found Sam reading intently on his computer and Crowley sitting on one of the beds groaning about how bored he was.
Dean shot Sam a warning look.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sighed and did as he was told.  He set his clothes on the counter just as Dean finished grabbing the supplies.
“Don’t be ridiculous.  You wouldn’t even fit on the couch.”
money.”
Sam could no longer stand up.  He let himself fall, spralling onto the couch, gripping his sides.
The door to the office opened and the doctor walked out.  He looked at them.  “Dean Winchester?”
Cas slowly turned to face Dean.  Their eyes locked, his face blank.  “Where were you?” he asked.
Cas glanced back at Dean.  “Why the hell are you telling me this?”
“Ah, ok.  Is there anything else, agents?”
Dean chuckled.  “You’re such a nerd,” he teased.  The three of them headed down the hallway, Dean leading.  At the end of the hallway was a locked door.  Dean pressed his ear to it.  He could hear faint voices on the other side.  “They’re in there,” he whispered.  After a brief nod from the others, Dean kicked in the door.
Sam nodded and they split up.
“I should have been there, though.”
“Internalize what?”
The man turned around.  “What-”  A gunshot cut him off and he dropped to his knees with a scream, covering his crotch.  Blood seeped out between his fingers.
The three of them stopped at a bar on the way out of town.
It didn’t take long for Dean to find what he was looking for.  “Yahtzee!”  He turned the computer around so Cas could see the screen.  “It’s a Serer god called Takhar, god of revenge.  All those things in the hex bags are used as offerings for him.”
“I told you he said things he was gonna regret,” Sam said.  He looked at the clock.  “He was right though.  It is late. Are you gonna crash here?”
“Was Cas abusive?”
Dean nodded as Sam left.  He grabbed a drink from the fridge and pulled up a chair next to keep an eye on Cas.
Dean looked away and patted the bed next to him.  “Come here,” he whispered.
I pulled this god off wikipedia.  I really hope it wasn't super insensitive. If there is something I could do to make it more sensitive to the religion the god comes from, please don't hesitate to tell me
“Yes...how...how did you find me?  I didn’t call you.”  Dean stared at Cas’ hands.  They felt real.  They looked real.
Cas watched Dean’s breathing slow as he drifted off.  When he was sure Dean was asleep, he pulled the blanket off of his back and draped it over Dean.  Cas wished he could sleep too; wished he could curl up against Dean and match his breathing.  Sleep was simple.  Sleep was easy.
“What has that got to do with anything?”
Dean laughed.  “Hobbit’s a good one, isn’t it?”
Dean nodded.  “Yeah.”
Cas shot Sam a terrified, angry look.  He would have said something had Dean not been so hysterical.
Crowley watched him leave.  “Shoulda known he’d react like that.”  He shrugged to himself and ordered another drink.
As soon as the door closed behind Sam, Dean stopped drawing.  He set the pencil between the pages and closed his eyes.  “Cas?  Are you there?  Listen, I need you to come back to me.  Please, you said you’d come back.  You promised.”  He paused, not sure what else to say.  “I’m…I’m losing hope.  I believe you but come on, it's been two goddamn years.  Please, if you’re out there,
“Enough with the history lesson.  Where do we start?” Dean asked.
Sam shook his head and tore his eyes away.  “You’re right.  You said there was another one?”
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas.  Dean just held him for a moment, letting Cas cry into his shoulder.  “Cas, you didn’t cheat on me.  You were drugged...and raped.  That’s not ever your fault, got it?”
“Now that is fucking sick.”  Dean tossed the bag aside.  “See, I’m not doing this for me.  I’m doing this for Cas, and everyone else you’ve violated.”
“No problem.”  He turned to Sam and Crowley.  “Now that none of us are dying, let’s go kill that bitch.”
Dean nodded and pulled out the other two photos.  “What about these ones?  Did you see them this past month?”
Cas looked at Dean.  “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Dean looked around the room.  It was just as empty as it had been when he started his prayer.  Sighing, he returned to his drawing.
Dean’s brain fought itself, refusing to process Cas’ words.  “When did you get here?”
Dean waved Sam away.  “Yeah, yeah.  I’m up!”  He sat up and saw Cas at the desk.  He narrowed his eyes at him.  “What are you doing up so early?”
“You know, I remember when I first realized I loved you.  I’d been tossed into the future by Zachariah and I met a version of you.  He was a junkie and I, well not me, the me of the future, sent you on a suicide mision.  You knew and you went anyway.  He knew and he sent you anyway.  And in that moment, I knew it couldn’t be real.  I knew I would never do that to you.  When I finally got back, I saw you and I realized why I wouldn’t.”  Dean chuckled dryly.  “I refused to admit it, but I knew.  And then I wasn’t there when you needed me.  I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.  I love you, Cas.  I need you.”
Dean glared at Sam.  “Is this really necessary?  I don’t need to talk to anyone.  Cas will come back then everything will go back to normal.”
“I don’t know what will happen.  Come on, just try and flirt with him a little.”  Crowley nudged Cas towards Dean.
He dove across the desk and grabbed the knife.  It vanished just as his fingers touched it.
Sam continued, “Look, I know you don’t want to hear it but most people don’t come back from dead.  I hate watching this.  I think it’s time for you to, I don’t know, move on or at least stop thinking it's all your fault because it’s not.  You can still have hope that Cas will come back but get all the pain out of your system.”
“Hm? No.”
At some point, Cas fell asleep on Dean’s shoulder.  Dean smiled and put an arm around him.  The angel unconsciously snuggled closer.
Dean parked on the street in front of the arcade.  Dean leaned against the car and stared up at the neon sign over the doors.  “Wow.  I remember taking you to these when you were little.  I loved these, though I almost never got to play more than one or two games ‘cause I gave you all my quarters.”
Dean gestured with his knife.  “Think you could blow that open for us?”
“Are you really here to help, Crowley?”
“I can ask the guy in the office.  Small town like this, he probably knows.”  Dean went and talked to the man in the motel office.  He came back with a grin.  “Got directions.  Let’s go.”
“Ok.  What about the scar on your neck?”
“Cas, you don’t have any money,” Dean said.
Cas got up and hurried over to Dean, Sam following.  Cas helped Dean stand while Sam ensured the witch was dead.
Dean burst through the doorway.  “Where is it?”
“Cas?”  Dean carefully got out of bed and walked across the room.  “You’re here?  You’re back?”
“Can we change the subject, please?  Have you found us a case?”
Sam walked over to Dean and Cas.  “I’m your only brother Dean,” he said.  He put an arm around Dean to help Cas support him, trying to decide between worry and amusement.
Cas turned to the desk and started rummaging through the drawers.  He almost immediately disregarded the unlocked ones.  He managed to pry open the locked drawers with a knife.  As he set the knife back on the desk it dawned on him.
Cas smiled.  “Yeah.”
“A wise suggestion.  Therapy can help people deal with things like grief and guilt.  Both things you seem to be struggling with.”
Cas rolled off of her and Sam fired.  The witch twitched before going still.
Cas shook his head. “No.  Well, yes but he didn’t do anything.  I just don’t like him.”
Eventually, Cas laid his head on the table as comfortably as he could and tried to fall asleep.
Dean nodded, muttered something affirmative, and shuffled away.
Dean pulled Cas’ hand off the page, lacing their fingers together.
Dean glanced at it then stuck his head out the door.  “There’s no other room on that side.”  Dean walked over to the self and listened.  He couldn’t hear anything but he trusted Cas knew what he was talking about.  He pressed on the sides of the shelf.  When nothing happened, he started scanning the books.  They had all very basic titles.  Classics and Grimm fairytales and the like and they all looked brand new.  All except one.  Dean pulled on it and the self popped open.  “Nice catch, Cas.  Get Sam and Crowley.”
“He never mentioned it.  Not until he suggested I come here, anyway.”
Dean pulled away.  “Much better,” he sighed.  Dean looked Cas over once more.  “Now put your clothes back on.”
Dean shrugged.  “Well, he is sneaking around a witch’s house.”
“Yes.”
Cas disappeared and reappeared with the others and Dean headed through the door.
Crowley gave him a bitter look and disappeared.
Dean kissed the side of Cas’ head.  “I’m sorry.  It’s gonna be ok.”  Dean’s heart ached for Cas.  Seeing his angel like this destroyed him.  “I’m gonna tear that bastard’s lungs out for doing this to you,” he muttered.
“I don’t know.”
Dean grinned and they climbed into bed.  Dean pulled Cas closed to his chest.  “You know, I held you so many times in my dreams,” he whispered, “but it never felt like this.  God, I missed you.”
“A friend,” Dean replied.  She deserved an answer, even a vague one.  He’d been less than the ideal partner tonight.  Dean finished getting dressed and headed to the door.
“Yeah?”
After a moment for the both of them to come down from the high, Dean looked at the clock.  If he hurried, he would be able to get back before they left.  His sense of duty overwhelmed him and he sat up to get dressed.  “Sorry to leave so soon,” he said, pulling on pants.
“We aren’t exactly allowed to say.”
“Dean, the families of the second and third victims said they had been to a shabby local bar called the Laurel Wreath.  Have you been there yet?” Sam said on the other side.
Sam looked at Cas.  “Have you found anything interesting?” he asked.
“Alright, alright.”  Sam dropped it and put the new sheets on the bed.  “I’ll take the couch,” he offered.
Dean tossed the keys to Sam.  “Bacon.”
“No.  As much as she mentioned them, she never really went into details.  I think she liked being the only one who knew.”
Sam sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  “Yeah, I did.”
“It’s…a favor.  I did tell him he couldn’t be part of the FBI scam, though.”
Dean seemed to notice Cas for the first time.  He moved closer to him, narrowing his eyes as he stared at Cas.
“Do you really want to know?”
Crowley thought for a moment.  “That means we should be due for another death soon then.”
“I think that will be plenty,” Dean said.
The brothers put on their suits while Cas went in search of news papers regarding the victims.  When he returned, Sam and Dean were out by the car preparing the arsenal.  He walked up to them and handed Dean the papers he’d collected.  “Here, they have pictures,” he said.
The three of them got in the car and drove off.  Dean dropped Sam at the first victims house.
Eventually, Dean walked over to them, pocketing a bundle of cash.
“Why would the FBI want to talk to Angie?”
“Help is a strong word.”
The fight was over and done very quickly.  Dean used a stray cloth to wipe his machete then handed it to Sam.
Dean smiled and was about to order but Sam interrupted before he could.  “We’re actually with the FBI.  We’re investigating the recent disappearances.  Did you see any of these people recently?”  He laid the photos out on the counter.
Cas smiled gratefully and downed the pills.
Sam gave him a reproachful look.  “Dean, we have a job to do.”
Dean walked up to the reception desk.  “Hello, Miss,” he glanced at her name tag, “Peregrine.  I’m Special Agent Anderson and these are my partners, Special Agent May, and Special Agent Rose.  We’re here to see Angie Willson.”
Cas looked at him with guilt in his eyes.
“Alright, I’ll be on second.  Sam, ground floor.  Call if you find anything.”
Cas shook his head.  “Not right now.  I don’t feel so great.”  Between the hangover and anticipation, he wasn’t sure he could stomach food at the moment.
“Hey, Crowley, we aren’t paying you to dick around.  Get up and help.”  Dean put the chicken feet in the fridge while Cas started to prepare the unchilled part of the spell.
Cas looked at Dean.  “I woke up an hour ago.  I couldn’t go back to sleep.”
Sam turned to Dean.  “Hold up, we still don’t know how she’s getting her powers.  We should probably figure that out first.”
Once everyone was ready to go, Dean turned to Sam.  “Can you grab us breakfast and check up on the house?  I need to talk to Cas.”
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam asked, “Do you remember what happened?”
the new mayor.”
Dean stared at Cas for a long moment.  “You what?”  He had to force the words out.  Cas’ statement didn’t make sense.  He was nothing if not loyal.
“So why are you here today, Dean?”
“Takhar, ancient god of justice and vengeance.”
Sam flew into a panic.  He looked around, none of the others seemed affected, yet.  “Cas, help Dean!”
It took them two days to get to Taos.  They stopped at a Gas N’ Sip on the edge of town to get information.  Dean fueled up Baby while Cas and Sam went in to ask some questions.
“Ooooh, can I drive?” Dean begged.
Bobby looked at him and then to Sam.  “I’m here to try and fix you.  Sam, you said it was witch?”
Dean took one.  “Obituaries?  What were they using these for?”
“I’ll look it up later.  Where’s Cas?”
“My brother signed me up for this.  He thought it would help and I just agreed to make him happy.”
Cas looked around and blinked sleepily.  “Ok, le’s go.”
Sam sighed and silence fell over the room again.
“I don’t know.”  There was silence for a moment as Sam watched his brother out of the corner of his eye.  “It seems you’re in a good mood.”
The stranger stood and put a hand on his shoulder.  “Are you ok?”  Maybe I should walk you out.”
“I think we have all of that here,” Sam said after reading the ingredients list.
“You, dead.”
Sam tossed the duffle off the bed and hurriedly smoothed out the sheets.  Dean struggled through the door, carrying Cas, and set him on the bed.  Dean tore off the bloodstained shirt and coat and tossed them aside.  Sam ran over with the first aid kit but was brought up short seeing the wound.
“Huh.”  Dean shrugged and backed away.  “We should look into her when we get home.”
“No, no of course not.  We are actually looking into, um, the new mayor.  I can’t tell you much but we think she may have fixed the election.  We found several people with unusually good luck and thought it might have been her paying bribes of sorts.”
“Perfect.”
Sam quickly regained control of himself and jumped up to stop Dean.  “Alright, alright.  That’s enough.”  He shot a mildly apologetic look to Cas.  “Let’s just sit you down and wait for Bobby to get here.”
Dean grinned and hugged Cas.  “You’re really back.  I can’t believe it.”  Dean took a deep breath.  “Oh, Cas.”
“Yeah.”  Sam handed the paper back to Cas.
“Cause it’s my job to keep you safe.  I know when I mess it up.”
“Dean, I don’t know.  I don’t think that’s a great idea.”
“I dunno.  Cas?”
The sheets rustled as Dean shifted, turning to face the doorway.  “Yeah.  I’m up,” he said reluctantly.  He sat up, one arm supporting him.
The vines retreated and Dean could breathe again.  He had collapsed and Cas was sitting next to him, holding him up.  Dean coughed a few times and stood up.  “That was painful.”  He reached out a hand to help Cas up.  Cas didn’t need help standing.  Dean knew this.
Dean nodded slowly and stood up.  “Oh God,” he groaned.  His head was pounding.  He snuck a glance at Cas, who thankfully seemed to be thinking about something else.  “Thanks for coming down Bobby but it’s late and I just want to sleep and forget this day ever happened.”  He patted Bobby’s shoulder and headed off towards his room.
Dean’s pencil continued scratching away at the paper as he pretended not to notice Sam was still watching him.  Despite having been eager to find a case, he didn’t really want to hunt but he was tired of wandering around the bunker.  There were too many things that reminded him of Cas. The bed, the table, the library, the kitchen.
There was a part of himself that Dean had always ignored.  He shoved it into the farthest reaches of his mind and did his best to keep it there.  John had always told him to, so that’s what he always did.  Despite his best efforts, this instinct escaped its bonds on occasion.  Much to his dismay, tonight was one such occasion.
“Good.  Now, one guy won the lottery, twice.  There was an infertile couple who got pregnant.  Most recently, a nobody news reporter got a huge promotion.  They alternate too.  Mechanic died, next day, double lottery winner, woman eaten by rats, pregnancy, etcetera.”
Dean raced around the corner and quickly came to a stop when he saw the scene.  Bodies were scattered all around and blood stained the ground.  Cas stood among them, his back to Dean.  “Cas?” Dean asked, hesitantly.
They hopped in the car and Dean drove them to the address Cas gave him.  Cas turned himself invisible and looked around the scene while the brothers talked to the police.
Cas and Dean sat at the bar in Bob Johnson’s Pub.  Cas kept glancing around nervously and fidgeting with the hem of his coat.
Dean and Cas sat down at the table and got to work.
“I remember,” Sam said, “That was until you strung them up so you could get them back.”
Dean promptly slid out of bed and poked Sam.  “We’ve got another one.”
“These deaths all seem reasonable.  What made you think this is a case?”
Sam looked at Cas.  “Perhaps Cas found something on his night out.  Cas?”
“I didn’t want to bother you.  You also tend to shoot people who wake you up.”
Cas sighed.  “I didn’t think it required you coming all the way over.  So, is this your doing?”
Sam nodded.  “Yeah.  I wasn’t there though, Cas was.”
Dean sat down at the end of the bed and waited until Cas had set the glass down to speak.  “I know you’re lying to me,” he said.
Dean nodded slowly as he watched Cas.  “Yeah.”
Eventually, they all got bored of the arcade and Cas directed them to the bar he’d mentioned.  They got seats near the makeshift stage and listened to the band.  A poster on the wall told them it was called Radiance. The three of them chattered away about nothing and everything.  They discussed the good times and exchanged stories about solo hunts.  The waiters just kept the drinks coming.
A chill ran through him.
Sam checked the bathroom, tearing open the cupboards under the sink and unscrewing the faucet.  Flower buds were starting to grow as Sam opened the toilet tank and found the hex bag floating in the water.  He squeezed out as much water as he could before flicking open his lighter and setting the bundle ablaze.
“Nice to meet you, Castiel.  This friend of yours, is he expecting you here?
Dean came around and looked at the picture Sam’s hand rested on.  “Oh, crap.”  The picture showed the bartender with an older couple holding shot glasses.  It was covered under several others and the wearing on the edges showed its age.  But the woman looked exactly the same as she had that evening.
“Yeah, Cas can explain on the way.  Let’s go.”
Sam let the officer finish what she was saying.  “Thank you.  I think that’s all we need for now.”
“Let’s go then.”
Crowley took Cas to a bar near the hotel.
