Well I'm already dead from the "finale" so I guess those words don't have much meaning
Cas opened his arms and smiled.
He felt everything
It's not supposed to happen
The larger of the three figures, whom was deemed Man #1, was in the rear-end of another man, who was sandwiched between Man #1 and Man #2, spit roast style. Man #3, who we all know as Castiel the slut, had a massive 7" dick in his ass, and a smaller but still considerable 6" dick was thrusting mindlessly into his mouth. Man #1's dick was comfortable nestled in Castiel's asscheeks, also thrusting at speeds that rivaled even the most experienced of pornstars.
"Dean. I can't help you if I don't know what's wrong. What did you say?"
After thinking for a while, Sam decided to not let his anger get the best of him and piss Dean off more in the process.
Besides, even if he wouldn't admit it to himself, Castiel wanted to see what Dean's reaction was after he was taken by the black tendrils. He wanted to see how much he broke Dean by leaving, and see what caused him to go missing. And also see what his reply was to the confession. Castiel nervously licked his lips as he thought of it. Dean had obviously looked at him in disgust. He was just getting his hopes up for nothing.
"I do care Sam! What the hell is wrong with you? Can't you just give me time to breathe?"
But Heaven nor Hell hath no fury like a pissed off angel that happens to be Castiel. Sam's there too. Castiel easily grabbed Gwynth by the hair and growled at her.
An ear piercing scream echoed all through The Empty, but the angels just laughed and went back to doing whatever they were doing. After seeing Dean come through, some of them now held a little bit of hope in their hearts that maybe, just maybe they could be rescued. Just maybe.
"I had a good teacher." He replied.
So dark and lonely.
Hell was a long time
DE an WI n Che s t er i Sn T ho ME  RiGH Tno OOO w
Tears streamed down Sam's face as he brought Cas, his best friend and basically brother, into a long and drawn out hug. He wasn't surprised at all when Cas's own arms wrapped around him and when he felt the little drops of hot tears on his flannel shirt. Castiel was back. After 8 long and dreary months, they had Cas back.
"Hey Cas." Dean whispered sensually in his ear, causing quiet shudders to travel up Castiel's spine. "Fuck me. Fuck me like we're dying. Push me into the bed, thrust that juicy cock in my ass, and make me scream. You know you want to, so just do it."
No. That's just another excuse and you know it. You may love Castiel, but you will never act on it. So he left you because he knew that. He knew that you would never tell him so he basically killed himself because you never told him you loved him back.
"Good. So. I see that you have Dean Winchester despite all the warding that I put up. That's quite unfortunate but oh well. I guess play time's over." His mouth curled up into a cruel smile. "It's been a fun 8 months boys. You should have seen him when he first got here. All sad and drunk and just oh so broken."  He said broken with a roll of his lips, as if it were a beautiful word to describe Dean with.
Well, none of that mattered now. Nothing really mattered at this point. Castiel was alone in The Empty. No angel wanted anything to do with him with good reason as he had abandoned Heaven just to be with the Winchesters. To be with Sam and Dean.
The question hung in the air once again. 8 months gone and no signs at all about him. How would they ever get him back? Castiel had all of his angelic powers, but they were virtually useless unless they had an inkling of where Dean was. The only way for them to find him would be to find The Impala maybe...
Was he that much of a failure and a disappointment to his own father and God himself that he deserved this?
Jack was still with Dean but he bristled as Boian approached. Boian just put his hands up and sneered.
It was eerily quiet when he had returned. Usually Dean would have the TV blasting or a rock station cranked up, or have some sort of noise happening, but there was nothing but silence. When Sam had approached the door and called out Dean's name, he panicked. Baby was there, but Dean wasn't answering.
"We have no idea Cas. Like I said, after you were taken, he just... Disappeared." Sam replied wearily. He felt exhausted. He knew that this question would be asked the minute Castiel stepped in, he just didn't know the reaction would be this bad.
But Dean didn't. And even after twelve years he hadn't.
On one particularly lazy day, Sam was idly sitting on his laptop. He was carelessly clicking on articles about current events, skimming through them and running his hands through Eileen's hair. She was relaxed on his chest, quietly dozing. He was about to close up when a particular title piqued his interest. He mentally debated about it for a while before deciding to go with his gut instinct and click it. He quickly read the article and debated with himself again. Should he tell everyone else or leave it be?
...Shit
Regardless, Castiel felt as though his decision had been right. If he had a chance, he would certainly sacrifice his life again for his love. He would do it again in a heartbeat. He hoped that Dean was living life to its fullest now and that his sacrifice wasn't for naught. He laughed at the thought of Dean dying like two days after defeating God. It would totally happen, knowing that dumbass. Castiel laughed in his mind and continued to think of the happy times he Sam, and Dean and shared. It was the only thing he could do that made him happy.
But he couldn't stop.
It seemed that the fast-running montage had paused for a moment.
Dean pondered in his room. After cleaning up breakfast, he and Sam had gone their separate ways. He was left confused and alone in his room. What the hell did Sam mean when he said that he could bring Cas back? The only way to bring him back would be for Jack to do some God shit or reach into The Empty and bring him back. But Jack had said he would be hands off, and as much as Dean hated to admit it, he had actually prayed to Jack. The first few days he prayed fervently, trying desperately to get Jack to listen to him, to reach into the black and pull out his beacon of light.
He laughed again but that laugh was his last as Jack's emotions were roused. Dean? Going through all of that? His second father, Dean Winchester was put through all of this torture? And for what? Dean didn't deserve that. He didn't deserve any of this.
"Ah sai' s'hurts."
"Can you at least let me out of these stupid things?" He asked as he tugged on the arm and leg slings that restrained him. Sam and Castiel hurridly agreed and set to work untying the tight knots that bound his appendages. Dean never noticed Castiel as he was too focused on blinking the sand out of his eyes and focusing his minimal energy on that beer Jack was bringing. When they finished, Dean gingerly rubbed his wrists, seemingly unknown to the fact that his arms had long gashes on them. Sam nervously cleared his throat.
He felt his consciousness rousing. Amongst the thoughts, he sighed. He knew that he wouldn't be himself. He just hoped that somehow Sam could rescue him.
Like that one night when he had left Dean alone in that hotel room after they had a huge falling out. He had gone on a walk to blow off some steam, and that relatively worked. He decided to go back and focus on their fight later, at that moment they had to focus on their survival. Not-dying first, arguments later.
Heller Tony Hawk and Shawn Mendes?? Obama???
"As soon as you're done feeling sorry for yourself, pick up your shit and get ready to leave. You should feel grateful that I'm even considering hauling your sorry ass around with me. If you feel that sorry for yourself, then pick up some beer or something since I know you like to do that when I'm not watching. But until you get your shit together, I'm leaving."
Dean made a promise to himself. He would return. Even if he was fucked up in the head, he would somehow make it out. After all, he had to see Cas again and ask how the fuck he was still alive.
Sam and Eileen soon solved this pressing dilemma by teaching Castiel to cook with less oil and fat and not fry everything, which would result in less grease. Not surprisingly, Castiel watched and learned earnestly. Soon enough, they were producing dinners that would put health magazines to shame. Jack also wanted to participate in helping and learning to cook himself. At first he struggled with learning the basics like ten eggs being too much for cake batter, or that you don't stir at the speed of sound. But soon enough, he learned the gist of everything and continued with ease. And as soon as he learned how to use a blender, nothing could stop him.
"Am I wrong? Tell me honest to God am I wrong?"
He decided to ask the next best one.
But as soon as it had happened, the darkness withdrew. Dean went back to smiling happily at them. Then his gaze shifted to Castiel. His eyebrows knitted together in thought, but then a wicked idea formed in his head and his face broadened into a grin.
I'm sorry about the filler chapters! But now we're back with actual plot.
"That's good." Sam continued to nibble on his breakfast and Dean watched him expectantly.
Meanwhile Sam caught up to Boian. He tried shooting him, but Boian easily swatted the gun out of the way.
But doing this was a mistake.
And with that, he quietly entered the white room and shut the door. Castiel sighed and stood by the door for a moment. He knew that Dean wasn't mad. The only reason he would be at all was because of Castiel's prolonged silence. But what Dean didn't know was that Castiel was being silent for his sake.
Castiel smiled back somberly and shut the door. Jack and Eileen followed suit and got in the backseat. During Dean and Castiel's absences, the two of them had gotten quite close, and even more so with their extended time together. In fact, with Jack's extensive knowledge of the universe, he found that he learned ASL very easily, and he and Eileen had in depth conversations together a lot. Sam was always overjoyed to see the two of them getting along, and he would join in sometimes, the three of them having jolly talks together about life.
IT'S FINALLY HERE LMAOOOO I'M SO SLOW
The night he had left for Stanford.
He wasn't entirely wrong. Castiel easily dodged and sidestepped the vampire's movements. It was the biggest of the bunch and thus the slowest. Castiel extended his palm and was about to finish the job when it hit again. He let out a cry of pain and fell to his knees. An ear-splitting headache hit him again, at the worst moment possible. He gripped his head and grit his teeth at his vulnerability. Why was this happening? Was it Dean trying to wake up? A scream escaped his mouth as he bent over, immobilized by the sheer pain of his head.
Anyways please enjoy the dumpster fire as always. As a reward for waiting here's some happy moments because we get none of those in the show
Past Sam returned quite a while later and present Sam wanted to punch him in his stupid face so hard. Look! Your brother literally just had a panic attack and you don't give a shit! What the fuck is wrong with you just go over there and ask if he's alright. See! He's still shaking right across from you why don't you turn around you fucking IDIOT!
"Wait, Sam. No. I didn't mean it-"
Sam and Jack's footsteps were now gone, and the grim reality had set in for Dean. He had done something yet again to piss his brother off and look. It had gotten them nowhere except an angry Sam storming off, leaving Dean alone and in the dark.
The one-sided beatdown started, the punches and kicks came flying from John and into Dean's unresisting body. Dean crumpled to the floor and John continued his onslaught of abuse.
"It's alright Dean. You don't need to say anything."
"So, you think you can just waltz in here and take your little angel boyfriend from my hands? Sorry bud but that ain't happenin.'" The Shadow sneered. Dean just put his head down and started chuckling.
"Then why are you still moping around like you just got rejected by your prom date?"
He wished that he could open his eyes
He looked expectantly at the two supernatural beings, but they weren't participating in the brother argument. Sam glared at them and grit his teeth.
First of all, his stomach was concave. Not flat, but actually caved in, and he could feel his own
"Imagine the Impala. Imagine the rich, leathery smell of it. Imagine the feel of smooth leather covering the seats. The creak of the doors as you open them, and the sound of them closing shut with force because someone's angry. Imagine the casette player and all the music that Dean likes playing inside of it, and everything else about it. Imagine it Jack, just imagine it."
He paused again and licked his dry lips. The feeling was strange to him as he was used to the feeling of Jimmy's body as his own. Every single action he did as Dean seemed foreign. He was slightly taller. He had bowlegs. He felt a little sluggish as his cholesterol was shot up to levels that weren't humanly possible, even if Dean's body was severely malnourished. It definitely made him feel a bit uncomfortable and a tad embarrassed to be invading Dean's body, but he didn't have a choice.
And now? Because of his inability to process even the simplest of emotions, Cas was gone. Cas was gone and Dean had done nothing to even try to stop it or even reciprocate Cas's confession. He had done nothing. He should've reached up, taken that angel's face in his hands, and given him a giant smooch on his dry and sexy lips before he was taken. It was obvious by now that was what they both wanted, but Dean couldn't even think of doing that while Cas was being taken. He couldn't think of anything. But now that the love of his life was gone, it was all that Dean could think about.
"What the hell does that mean?" He accused. Sam sighed again and raised his face.
Ten. No Cas.
And thanks for the kind comments everyone!! They actually mean the world to me
poking against his paper-thin skin. Dry cuts and callouses littered his legs, and the same applied to his abdomen when he lifted the white T-shirt he had on. And he could feel his muscles. The once strong, hunter-reinforced muscles of his arms and legs were now shriveled up like deflated balloons stuffed with raisins. His skin felt flaky and frail under his fingers, as if he could peel it off with a single, swift motion of his hands. Upon feeling his face, he could feel the gauntness of it and the bones jutting out like rocks on a cliff.
You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.
"SAM. I don't need help. Nothing's bothering me. Just stop badgering me."
The other angels parted as Dean led Castiel to the rift. Some were trying to get through, but The Shadow was blocking the way. It had manifested in the form of Dean and spoke with a jolly Boston accent.
The entire night passed like a blur.
"Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you." She said cockily.
He drove to Oregon. He drove up to that abandoned town and sat on an abandoned doorstep. He pulled out the gun from his pantline and turned the safety off. His alcohol-ridden mind had told him to. He hadn't been sober in forever, so what was the point of trying.
"Dean stop it! You're not fine, you're shouldering so much that it's going to crush you anytime now."
"Of course. Is there something wrong?"
Wet slaps continued into the night. And Castiel was loving it.
Cas is inside Dean and is confused af (aren't we all) while Dean takes a fat, well deserved nap. Sam, Eileen, and Jack are chillin. Everyone's happy. Right?
Dean's head just nodded up and down like a stupid bobblehead. He seemed so insouciant at the moment that Sam found it hard to believe that this was his brother sitting there. If he hadn't seen Dean's battered self with his own eyes, he would have actively refused to believe that this happy-go-lucky oaf was his big brother.
Sam had tried to punch one of the monsters in a fit of intense anger, but his fist phased through the monster's head. He bit down on his tongue and fought off the tears that pricked his eyes. So goddamn much suffering and all for what? Nothing absolutely nothing except some satisfaction for a few bloodsucking monsters. He had rushed over to Dean and tried to rouse him, but of course they weren't there. This was all just memories. All of this had already passed and Dean had to endure alone, just like with dad and the panic attacks. Always alone. Always in pain.
Castiel gripped his head tightly, a head-splitting migraine overtook him, but Sam failed to notice once again. He was too preoccupied with the potential monsters the masked killers could be. And as soon as it started, the pain stopped.
"My grace won't work on him. There's too much darkness in his mind. I don't know how we'll heal him, but it will be a long process. For now, we need to restrain him as comfortably as possible and work out a plan."
Castiel's head snapped up.
"Dean! I swear to God that I'm going to punch you in the face."
But Dean was such a stubborn fuckhead like their father. He refused to be helped by anyone and instead forced himself to shoulder all his burdens with absolutely no assistance like a fucking idiot. It seemed at times that they were mirror images of each other. Sam wished with all his heart that Dean wouldn't have grown up to resemble John, but he couldn't deny the facts.
So Sam sat. And he waited for his brother to return to consciousness.
He felt the claws as they ripped into the tender flesh of his stomach and face
Castiel slowly grabbed it and cradled it in his arms. Tears streamed down his cheeks as he realized they had found it. Finally, they had Dean's soul safely in their arms. They had gone so far, and they finally had it. Relief washed over the three of them in a giant wave. It was safe and it was with them.
After being shoved to the side, Dean could only stare in horror and disbelief as he witnessed his best friend being killed right in front of his eyes. When the gap closed to the other world and Dean was left alone in the dark room, he buried his head in his hands and...
Dean stared up at Castiel with the same terrified eyes he had given the monsters.
This time, the force of a steel-toed boot hit his ribcage. The force blew all the air out of his lungs and he gasped in pain. And then another one came, but with more force, and it landed on the back of his head. Dean curled his fingers around his ribcage and his head, hissing at the throbbing sensations that were spreading all over his body. Under his hand, he felt the hot and sticky feeling of blood on his head.
"Dad, listen. I'm really sorry but I couldn't stop him. He just packed his bags and left. H-He... said he wanted to go to Stanford. That he was tired of this life. Dad you gotta understand, I tried my damndest to get him to stop but-"
Upon this realization, Castiel couldn't help but giggle a slight bit to himself. He had just discovered another astonishing thing about Dean. Something else that was just so adorable and lovable. Something as simple as a love of food, but because it was Dean, that love was multiplied tenfold and allowed an angel to taste otherwise tasteless items. It was almost laughable to think about, someone loving food so much that they could cause others to love it as well.
After an uncomfortably long period of silence, Castiel spoke with carefully chosen words, each syllable slowly rolling off his tongue.
Stars danced in his vision as pleasure and animalistic urges overtook him. The once prideful angel of Heaven was reduced to a moaning pile of heat and sex. And he was goddamn loving it.
He felt the knives as they made deep incisions all over everything
The ride was long but overwhelmingly pleasant. They gazed at the countryside together and exchanged small talk, but nothing was awkward. They took turns in the driver's seat and shotgun when they needed a shift. Sam drove for the first three hours, then Eileen volunteered and she and Sam sat in the front. Castiel and Jack pointed out interesting landmarks and learned what Eye Spy was along with a variety of other road trip games.
But it was like Jack was ignoring him for some reason. Dean couldn't figure out why but he just wished that he could get some sort of explanation as to what was happening. Did Sam somehow get a hold of Jack? If so why didn't he tell Dean? Dean groaned and rolled over in his bed, staring at the other lamp on the other side of the bed. The lamp that Castiel used when they would read silently together or watch a movie. Dean rubbed the empty side of the bed and smiled. It was so obvious wasn't it? It was so obvious to everyone but himself. And he hated how blind he was. He hated himself as the tears spilled from his eyes as he stared at the empty bed, the turned off lamp, and everything else that reminded him of Cas in his own bedroom. He was in love with his best friend, Castiel, and he couldn't do anything to get him back.
And then what? What had Dean done? He had... He... Didn't. Do anything?
Then Dean getting sent to reform school and for the first time in his life making friends and having something for himself. Then Dean having a girlfriend but having to leave her and then cheating on another one then getting to go to prom but having that once in a lifetime opportunity ripped out of his clenched fists and trampled in front of him by John. And then Dean feeling so guilty over his own vulnerabilities and failures about being responsible for Sam that he just left his little brother alone all the time because he couldn't handle the sins of his actions...
Dean Winchester is just daddy's little blunt instrument
Sam put his head in his hands and nearly screamed. Dean was so vexatious that Sam just wanted to leave him alone and let him sort out his own problems. He would never do that in the long run. But right now, it seemed like an impossibility.
Man #2 took the hint though, and abruptly pulled his meat out of the angel's mouth, which caused him to cry out in displeasure. Seeing that sexy face look up, betrayal etched into every line, just about sent him over the edge again. But he had to stay strong and continue this as long as possible. They hadn't even barely started and this was the best sex Man #2 had had in his life.
He always fucks up
Before he could stop himself, a low rumble escaped his throat. He roughly kissed back and flipped Dean on his back. Now Castiel was on top and had Dean pinned to the bed, his right knee locked inbetween Dean's legs and his arms pinning down the latter's.
His hunter.
And so The Shadow had to go to each and every single individial angel and demon and put them to sleep. The combined numbers of the two ranged in the billions and more, so it was a daunting task even for an ancient cosmic entity such as The Shadow.
One dick thrusting desperately into his mouth, rubbing the back of his throat and filling his face with heat. And another in his butt, rubbing against all the sweet spots and causing him to nearly choke with pleasure.
"Sam. You've left me alone for all this time. What's with the get up now? Is there a case or something?"
"Yeah Sammy?"
He grabbed the bedsheets and tried his hardest to calm himself. He thought positively, thought of good times, thought of Castiel.
pl e a sSE E cal l AG  Ain L a tE R
And then he was falling. Falling, falling, down and down into the crevices of his own mind. His own darkness and trauma awaited him there.
Jack, Cas, and Sam could only watch helplessly as John beat Dean into total submission and as he left, they were forced to listen to the crushing weight of his last words to Dean, as well as Dean's last silent words to John of that night. The night that Sam Winchester left for Stanford.
"Are you sure Dean? We really don't have to if you're uncomfortable-"
"I would advise against that. Dean locked his soul away because he knew that he wouldn't be able to face reality in a sane way. He locked it away along with all the trauma he's experienced. And I mean all of it. He's reverted back to his state of mind that he possessed over a decade ago. All the pain he's felt all these years in Hell, Purgatory, and Earth, all of that's been buried away."
Sam and Castiel recoiled in shock.
Sam blew out a long puff of air.
After Sam and Jack had barged into the room and witnessed the spectacle of their two best friends basically eating each other (not in a sexy way, like an angel grace entering body kind of way) they were left dumbfounded as to what had happened while they were at the supermarket binging on ripe tomatoes from the produce department.
Why do you hate me
"Then you're going to have to let out just a smidgen of your power." Castiel cautiously said.
The box continued to scream and shake and attempt to break itself, but Dean held fast. He clenched his fists and breathed deeply.
Yes, and even when Dean was the spitting image of his abusive father, Castiel still found himself loving the man. Dean was most definitely not the caring person that he could have been if he had a "normal life." Dean could be abusive himself, even without his knowing. It wasn't his fault at all, but he had spent so long trying to get his father's approval that John's personality imprinted itself on Dean.
But it left him puzzled as to how he woke up. Someone had prayed to him, someone in such grief that it had enough power to wake him up. Immediately, his mind went to the Winchester brothers and Jack.
In Dean's unconscious mind, the box exploded. It wasn't meant to last, even Dean couldn't deny that. It wasn't a matter of "if" it would break, but more of "when." Well, "when" was very soon. Too soon. Much sooner than Dean anticipated. There was just too much bottled up to be contained.
It was John Winchester. The same John Winchester that had nearly beat him to death the night that Sam had left for college.
Sam gripped his head in his hands tightly.
"No. You're wrong." He shook his head. "Castiel, do it. Kill them"
John brought his other hand up, the one that wasn't holding Dean by the neck, and throttled the man's head again. Dean fell over and groaned deeply. He could feel his consciousness slipping away, but he had to stay awake. If he passed out here, he would wake up to an even angrier John.
"I'll be fine. Relax. I'm begging you, just ten minutes of some alone time to get my thoughts together. Then you can come in and do whatever."
"Well, you have no choice. I'm ready to die but I want to talk first so be quiet."
Jack nodded his head slowly, his eyes still wide and sad like a lost puppy. He was lost, and like the rest of them, he wanted answers. Castiel felt a pang of sympathy for his son. Even after the main threat of world destruction from God was over, he and Sam were still struggling to continue without Dean and himself. When would they ever be able to just rest without the world caving in on itself? It seemed that they would never get the ending that they deserved.
Sam and Jack looked at each other and agreed. That was a logical answer. Dean did love his hamburgers.
Castiel shook his head. They would have to think of that later. For now, they would have to unfortunately restrain Dean so that he wouldn't be able to hurt himself. This would definitely panic him, but they didn't have a choice. He would kill himself if left unrestrained.
The nightmares come and go never in a pattern
Castiel approached Dean as a person would approach a scared dog. Dean froze and watched with shaky and panicky breaths as Cas slowly held his arms out, using a soft voice to speak comforting words to him.
A banshee had blown out his eardrums
Working on revising everything! Chaps 1-4 should be somewhat readable now that I'm finally a little bit sober and can coherently write (not really it's still shitty writing because I actually have the brain cell of a wet carrot but at least it gets the point across)
He saw it. It was there in the darkness. He reached out to it, desperately, pleadingingly, reaching.
Laughter was common in these times. The Bunker had never seemed so full of life. Well, full of life as it could be with the issue of a nearly dead brother being possessed by an angel. Of course everyone still had the pressing issue of Dean's dormancy locked in their heads, but worrying wouldn't do any good. The best thing they could do at the time would be to remain positive and hope for the best. Besides, it was Dean. He would pull through.
Castiel stared at Dean. Then he buried his head in his hands and started silently crying.
Castiel couldn't take it. He couldn't watch the damage he had caused. He just couldn't handle the guilt and shame he felt at that moment. He needed to find Dean and tell him that he was here and alive.
When Castiel had awaken, angels had flocked to him, accusing and threatening him. But none had the strength nor motivation to even raise a finger against him. After all, they were all technically dead. What good would it do to just "kill" again? Absolutely nothing. All they could do was hopelessly meander and talk amongst themselves, wondering and waiting for their fate. What Castiel was concerned about was the location of The Shadow. It was definitely awake and unhappy, but it was nowhere to be seen as far as Castiel could tell. Perhaps it was beating up another angel trying to find the location of Jack.
Sam pondered for a moment then suggested against the four of them all going to the crime scene, as that would look a tad bit unusual. After an intense round of rock-paper-scissors, it was decided that Sam and Castiel would check it out and leave Eileen and Jack alone to do some research based on what they found.
Well, obviously he was wrong. Dean was very much not alright as shown now by his unconscious state.
Castiel was then seized with panic and he set his fingers to Dean's forehead, pouring grace into them and watching as Dean's panicked eyes finally relaxed and he stopped moving.
And again.
I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive and you're angry and you're broken.
Dean hadn't said a single word since his heartbreaking speech not even ten minutes ago. He had just laid still on the bed. Castiel had tried to coax some more interaction out of him, but Dean was glazed over. Thankfully, he wasn't screaming anymore. The three of them couldn't come to any firm conclusions as to why he had stopped or why he had began, so they ended up dropping the subject and hoped that he wouldn't start again.
I don't hate you daddy!
"But Cas you aren't useless. You're literally always there for us through the thick and thin. Hell, you're helping right now by being here for Dean. You've always been there for us, and while Dean and I don't say it all the time, we appreciate it." Sam said thoughtfully.
Castiel shook his head.
"Hey Cas?"
And it made him the horniest he'd ever been in his life.
Dean slowly roused and started moving his arms. Castiel's attention snapped back to him as well as Jack and Sam's. They all waited with bated breath as they awaited Dean's awakening and assess his mental state. Would he still be emotionally unstable? Or revert back to his animalistic nature? They felt as if they would explode with anticipation. It didn't help that Dean was taking his damn sweet ass time waking up.
Forget about Cas he's not here he doesn't understand everything
After the blue eye reveal, Castiel's vessel, or respectively Jimmy, had collapsed on the bed, now just a dead angel meatsuit, and Dean, now Castiel, had risen. Sam could immediately tell that Dean wasn't in full control, and his mind went into panic mode as he remembered the spectacle with Michael.
"JACK. Enough. This is NOT your fault. You couldn't control your powers. I understand. The blame is not yours to take. It's all of ours."
"So basically Dean is like... Hibernating? And you're in the driver's seat?" He asked with some degree of alarm.
Now the three of them were standing at the foot of Dean's bed again, waiting for him to either wake up or remain like this forever. Even Jack couldn't tell what was going on inside of his head.
Castiel shrugged.
"Cas..."
Castiel's eyebrow furrowed in concern.
He was the one that had caused this. So he was the one that had to fix it.
He felt the gunshots as they burned holes in his soul as well as his body
Castiel turned to look at Jack's face. He set his lips together and slowly nodded his head. He turned back towards Dean and kissed his hand very lightly, then letting it slowly drop to continue hanging on the bedframe. Then he stood up and patted Jack on the shoulder.
"I don't know!" Castiel remonstrated. "One minute I was trying to talk to him, and the other he was just... On top of me."
Jack listened as the heavy footsteps of the angel slowly faded away. His gaze shifted towards Dean and he sat down on the warm chair where Castiel had been. He stared at the man's unmoving figure and let his own thoughts flow freely.
Internally, Sam was relieved that Cas would be staying. Someone had to watch his idiot brother. He would've done it himself but he was too pissed off to even think straight."
He and Jack looked at each other in frightened panic and hastily set the bags down and ran throughout the Bunker, trying to figure out where the other two residents were and why they weren't answering.
The angel continued to search Dean's head. He ignored the parts that involved Hell, but something else intrigued him. He held out his hand and motioned towards Sam and Jack to follow him. Jack carefully helped Sam on his feet and they followed their friend into the darkness. He transported them into another traumatic memory.
Before Sam could reflect on his thoughts anymore, the door clicked open again. He already knew who it was.
"Dean is... Not at his best right now. Even though he's resting, he's still dealing with the repercussions of everything that's happened. His soul is badly damaged and to be honest, it could still disappear at any moment, it's that faint. As of now, I'm using my grace to keep him asleep and calm while he relaxes. It's all I can do at this time, but I do feel as though it's helping. As for how long he'll be like this, well, even I can't say."
Sam cocked his head. Jenny? Who the hell was that? He felt sorry for her if she was a victim they let get turned, but if she wasn't, she was just another vampire. He just couldn't bring himself to care. She was a vampire. They killed vampires. Even if she used to be a human, she had still killed humans before. She was a monster, and they put monsters down. He just couldn't seem to remember who she was. Jenny...? Well, obviously she wasn't someone who had a great impact on their lives, so Sam went ahead and pulled the trigger.
But the ANGST
Sam started for his gun, but Boian shot him off to the side and made his way towards Dean and Jack.
And so Dean was forced to fall back into the darkness, but he couldn't have had the satisfaction of having Castiel. Even for just one night.
Then a tiny idea appeared in Castiel's head.
And everything that Dean had done for Sam's sake to the best of his ability.
Yes he's in Hell
Longing Castiel? Yes pls.
"Now all I gotta do is get my strength back and everything will be normal. That's it really."
"Alright. What do I need to do?"
Castiel started to protest, wanting to say that he should be there in case Dean were to collapse or lose strength or something, but Dean spoke up again.
Jack and Sam nodded solemnly and they set out to fix up the spare bedroom. They feared that if they used Dean's, he would tear it up and destroy everything in it. That would crush him even more.
Yes it's selfish of course
Castiel thought for a moment, then decided that would take too long.
Twice now, Dean had kissed Cas. But both times weren't made with true intent. That wasn't Dean who initiated the gesture of love. Dean would never.
They saw the still figures of Dean and Castiel right across from each other on the bed, their foreheads interlocked and their eyes closed. A thin line of blue grace slithered from Castiel's vessel and into Dean's slightly agape mouth. Upon Sam and Jack's arrival, they slowly and deliberately opened their eyes at the same time.
Jack searched with all his might. The soul was somewhere here. It had to be. They had searched nearly every other horrific memory of Dean's... So where was it? If only he had his God powers then he would be able to fix all of this with just a snap of his fingers but he couldn't. The urge was there and it was so tempting. Coaxing him to open the wall and let everything out. But no. He had to rescue Dean without them. As much as it pained him to prolong the agony of his second father, he had to resist the urge. He just wished that he could be more useful.
Castiel sat beside Sam in the middle and Jack on the other side. He set both of his hands to Sam and Jack's shoulders and looked at the both of them. Upon seeing their nods of approval, he let out a deep breath.
He knows it but why
James? J-Joe? Justin? Someone that started with a J that was for sure. But who? Who else was there?
"Sit. Stay." He barked out. Sam and Cas struggled, but he was too powerful. They couldn't move at all.
As if to prove this point, Dean let off a mournful howl. Not a howl like a werewolf would do at the moon or a dog at a siren, no this was a howl filled with sorrow and depression that only a broken hearted person could make.
Whilst Sam pondered his feelings, Dean's face had mysteriously clouded over. His derpy grin was replaced by a thin line of his lips, and his face was shadowed over. However, the other three men in the room failed to notice this change.
Castiel squinted his eyes and shook his head.
And with that, Jack walked up to the unrecognizable mess of Dean and gingerly put his fingers on the hunter's temples. His eyes turned yellow and energy pulsed out of him and into Dean.
They were going to save Dean whether he wanted to be saved or not.
Well, no use in wishing right now. He had to accept his fate and probably go insane in the process.
"If I
He could only watch in distress as Dean spasmed and whimpered in front of him. Castiel's mind raced as he tried to think of what he could do to help. It then dawned on him to remain calm. Keep calm and help Dean accomplish the same. That was the best thing he could do right now. He leaned next to Dean's sputtering face and gently took his hands in his own. He gently rubbed his palms and squeezed them in a rhythm.
"So Dean's just... Gone? Can he, like, ever resurface if he wanted to?" Sam questioned.
"Hey dad?" The child Dean asked.
Cas shook his head in anger and shakily raised his hand once more.
"Do you have a minute? To, uhm... Talk for a bit?"
Sam had wanted to ask what had happened while they were gone, and why Dean and Cas were so close to each other, but he thought against it. Something had happened and they had obviously shared an intimate moment. He didn't want to break the fragile relationship, especially that they needed each other now more than ever. Logically he guessed that they had kissed or something. It was about damn time.
Dean tried to protest, but the door slammed as Sam trudged out like John did a long time ago. The slam echoed in his head and then he was left alone in the dark motel room with a closed door and closed windows. Dean gulped and stared at the door for a long time before he approached and silently opened it, hoping that Sam would be out there, that his threat was just a bluff.
And then there it was.
And somehow it hurt more than Hell
Perhaps that was his plan all along.
He was just about to grab Castiel from The Empty when he felt it.
A faint glimmer of hope appeared in Dean's heart. Castiel was actually alive? Sam and Jack were there so it must be Cas. They wouldn't let a shapeshifter or a fake Cas into the Bunker, right?
He wanted to slam his fists on something and shake Dean awake, but that would be useless. He knew it. He just hated feeling so helpless as his brother suffered inside his own head.
Yes you could. But you were too weak and selfish to tell him. And now look. He's dead. And it's your fault.
Castiel sighed heavily and put his fingers on Dean's forehead, trying to send him to sleep. This didn't work though and Castiel looked at his hand, utterly baffled.
"So? There have been times where I haven't eaten in a week. I'm fine Sam. Just give me some time to heal up and we'll be back on the road in no time."
That's all you think of your friends. You have no faith in them. You expect them to have faith in you but you don't return any in response. You assume that Cas will leave you. Does he deserve that? Does he deserve to be reduced down to that?
Dean raised his eyebrow and slowly nodded.
"He locked it away with all of his trauma. His soul felt the brunt of the torture, and so to cope he locked it away along with the rest of the burdens he carries. Right now he's reverted into his "soulless" state as you would call it." Jack replied in a distant tone.
Jack's eyes strayed from Castiel to the impressive stack of patties on the countertop. The hamburgers on the plate were beautifully shaped, perfectly round and equal in size. Jack was slightly surprised by this, expecting Castiel to have a little less experience than Dean. After all, he had seen the different between Dean and Cas' burgers with his own eyes. Apparently Castiel had done some practicing on his own.
Oh but he left you too. You pushed him away, Dean. You pushed him so far down and he couldn't get back up. You pushed him away unknowingly and he never came back. He hates you, Dean. He hates you because you push him away and only call him when you need him.
Jack decided to ease his mind of this confusion and have a small discussion with Castiel himself. His head was burning with questions that he needed to ask and Castiel was the perfect being to ask. He just hoped that his angelic father would possess some concrete answers and offer some of his age-old angel wisdom.
Castiel sighed heavily.
But Cas said he literally said that-
"Heya, Sammy."
Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a shadowy figure approaching him. He snapped his head towards it.
Well, no one was mad at him now. This was Dean. The man that gave up everything to save the people he loved. The most selfless man on Earth. Said man deserved to receive something once in a while. Now, he was receiving the care and sympathy from the three of them. No matter how guilty he would feel, they were going to make him comfortable and happy like he deserved.
Sam stared at the same spot Castiel had punched earlier and wanted to punch it too. Why was Dean like this? He was always hiding his pain and torment from everyone else.
Now, he would be able to see Dean's reaction. He watched expectantly as the hunter attempted to process what had just happened.
They had decided to take a quick break from hunting and instead focus on themselves. The past year had been rough for all of them, so a quick rest was definitely needed.
"Ok. His head's screwed up. What about his soul? Is it there or did it get left behind somewhere?"
Also thank you all so much for the kind comments and kudos! They mean a lot to me and keep my motivation up to continue writing this mess. Smooches to all of you, my lovely comrades
But he still couldn't bring himself to release everything. That damn pull was just too strong for him to ignore.
Roughly, he grabbed Castiel's toussled hair and brought the angel's chisled face up to his. He didn't want to sound mean, but he thought Castiel could take it.
"Why?"
Even if dad doesn't love him
"D-Dad. P-Please stop. I understand that you're mad, but I swear that I'll get him back. Sam is my responsibility so I swear to God that I-"
"Look, Sam. I'm fine. I'm just thinking you know? We literally killed God barely three weeks ago. A man's gotta process." Dean rebuttled.
Sam grit his teeth and exhaled deeply.
"No. Ma hea' hurs."
"So? There's nothing to erupt. Yeah, I got some shit to deal with, but we all do. Just because I was a monster meatbag for a while doesn't mean that I'm helpless. Listen Sam, I'm fine. Really."
Sam carelessly dug through the Bunker's collection of gadgets and knick knacks until he finally found it. It was buried under books, wires, instruments, and other junk, but it was there. He uncovered it and nearly laughed in relief as he flicked the switch on and it buzzed to life.
Sam sighed.
That's what God wanted.
"So... Where's Dean?"
"Fine. But only ten minutes. Any longer and I'm coming in." He reluctantly responded.
This small victory, this little, tiny thing that was positive in their miserable existences was life-altering. They had Baby.
It certainly felt like Sam didn't have any choices now.
"Now Jack. This is the hard part. Imagine letting out only a tiny bit of power. A very small bit. And imagine putting that power in a place where the Impala is and finding it. It could be anywhere. A garage, a forest, a desert, in a town. Imagine finding the Impala in a place where Dean would be."
Dean pondered for a moment.
"Cas! I didn't know that would-" He stuttered out, but Castiel interrupted him.
"Of course you do. It's idiotic to think otherwise."
Dean was just about to hound Castiel again for an answer, but the beer had run its course and was now looking for a way out. He didn't want to get up, but when nature calls, it calls. And it was obvious that Cas wouldn't be talking to him anytime soon, even if he had no idea why. He gingerly sat up from the bed, but upon the sudden weight pressure, his knees nearly buckled under him. Castiel rushed over to support him, but Dean found stability on a countertop.
Well, it was now or never. If he hesitated too long, then he would probably say no later on and regret that.
After a while in the massive bear hug, Castiel let go and patted Jack's shoulder.
"So, Dean."
Sam and Jack stared wide-eyed at him, but understanding slowly settled in. It was the most logical place to look at that point, even if they wanted to deny it. Jack took a deep breath and helped Sam up.
Sam's mind filled to the brim with panic as he pulled at his hair, cursing himself yet again for leaving Dean behind. He was pissed. But he still shouldn't have done it. Especially after seeing what his absences did to Dean. He shouldn't have stormed off, he should've stayed and worked through his anger and not have gotten so-
Castiel gingerly layed Dean down on the bed. Jack's fingers were still glued to Dean's head, his eyebrows pinched together in concentration. Castiel's gaze shifted to him, alight with concern. Sam then returned, carrying just about every medical supply he could along with a tub of water and a sponge, something to attempt to clean the blood that had hardened and molded into the ripped flesh.
"Maybe they thought the car was already trashed on the inside." Castiel offered. Sam glared at him but he shut the trunk and car doors. He then headed back towards Jack and Cas as they planned their next move.
This of course was a stupid question. Just about anything nowadays could read minds and pick up memories that some people didn't even know existed. But still, it was the best option at the time.
Even when dad beats him
EDIT: OMFG THE SCRIPTS!!!!!!!! the scripts-? THE SCRIPTS! DEAN IS STILL BEAUTIFUL AND I HAVE BEEN SENT INTO SPACE I CAN'T HANDLE THIS CASTIEL THINKS DEAN IS BEAUTIFUL I CAN"T b RE A THE
Cas rubbed the skin of Dean's raw arms, yearning for the touch of their lips again. That was definitely a better kiss than the one before. It was slow, deliberate, and mind-numbing. He wished that they could do it again a million times over and over and forget their present worries. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be for a long while until Dean would be ready to show himself. Besides, he probably didn't mean to do it in the first place. He was emotionally vulnerable and acted on his frantic feelings.
Twenty. No Cas.
Present Castiel stood infront of Dean as he watched his best friend down his fifth bottle of beer in one night. He wanted so desperately to bring his hands up to Dean's face and hold it tight, never wanting to let go. But when he reached out, his hands merely phased through.
They landed in a dark and dingy motel room. A slight bit of embarrassment hit Sam as he remembered that they used to live in these. All of those memories of just he and Dean, traveling the country and hunting whatever the world threw their way. He was of course thankful for the Bunker, their first real home, but he still had good and bad memories of the two of them in their crappy motels and shitty diner food.
"Yes, Cas. God yes."
But then there it was. In the dark crevices of the deepest parts of Dean's trauma-ridden head, he found it. It was locked tight in a large box that vividly resembled the Ma'lak box he had been forced into a while ago.
"Then I would be more than happy to oblige. But for the moment, he's content with just resting. He was hiding his mental exhaustion. Not very well I might add, but he was still doing so nonetheless. He needed a break to gather himself, and so I offered to take his place while he did so. That leaves us here. I don't know how long exactly, but I can guess it will be a while."
Sam looked slightly taken aback. The question was more of why would he bring Cas along? They were going on a potentially dangerous case. He knew Eileen and Jack could hold their own, and he was there in case anything were to go wrong, but Castiel was in no shape to go along. Well, Castiel himself was, but since Dean's body was so frail at that moment, he would be putting his own life at risk along with Dean's.
"Gwynth. Why would you do this?" He asked, tears starting to fall down his face. The love of his life, Dean Winchester, was lying there, truly now a broken shell of a man. No wonder he couldn't detect Dean's soul. It was barely existant.
Sure, he had his wings back, but in all honesty he was burning through his finite amount of grace at an exponential pace. When he returned from The Empty, he wasn't at his full power, and healing Dean drained him of nearly everything he had. He was using the little that remained to focus on healing Dean's body. So basically, without the wordplay, he was far from being at full power.
But somehow, Dean's face was exactly how Castiel's usually was. It was nearly emotionless, devoid of feelings aside from the thin line of his lips. For some reason, this greatly unsettled Jack, to see Dean's face so neutral, but he bit down the discomfort and continued to relay his problems towards his father.
"No. No, dad. I'm sorry I was mad I'm sorry I didn't mean to push him away I just was angry because he doesn't know what it was like down there and-"
He turned the ignition on and Baby roared to life, ready for her next destination.
They smiled at each other and were about to pull each other into another kiss when they heard the familiar sound of Sam clearing his throat. Dean glared daggers but Sam just smiled and pulled Eileen and Jack to his sides.
Cas breathed out and closed his eyes as he felt the slow healing process starting. The entire process was overwhelming because there was so much to be fixed. The urge to just snap it all away was so tempting, but the risk of Dean's body going into shock was just too great. They had to do this the slow and hard way.
While Sam and Eileen exchanged hushed conversation, Jack was trying to process the change in atmosphere. He knew what was happening, but it was excruciatingly confusing to watch both his "fathers" walking around in the same body while one was basically asleep and the other was awake but was walking in the other's body and acting normal but not being normal because he was in the wrong vessel...
They headed closer towards it.
"I'm sorry Castiel. I really wanted to, but... I just can't. I've locked my powers away."
"Well, actually... The angel can stay. I want to chat with him a bit, if ya don't mind." He winked at Castiel with his usual flirty vigor and stared daggers at Sam and Jack.
But the angel never stirred.
Dean Winchester ≠ happiness
Castiel's eyes widened a little at the loaded question. He sighed and cleared his throat nervously before staring awkwardly at an opposite wall. Jack turned his eyes back and waited for an answer. Castiel looked sadly at him and shook his head.
He pushed the gut-wrenching pain down and focused on the conversation at hand. He would focus on his own feelings later. Right now, healing Dean and his body were priority.
He told himself to stop it. It was okay. Dad wasn't there and Sam would be coming back. Everything would be fine. He was just freaking out for no reason.
In order to get Dean back to full health and leave him with a fully functioning body, he would have to bulk up himself. He had full control over Dean's digestive system, and he knew the extent of what he could and couldn't eat. He probably should have stuck with simple foods, but he felt like he could spoil himself a little and munch on a hamburger or two. Besides, he didn't even technically have to use the bathroom as an angel. His own anatomy confused him at times, but at least it came in handy. He could eat solid foods and not suffer any repercussions like a normal human suffering from malnourishment would. Call it a luxury or a crutch, but that's what it was.
"I think it wouldn't hurt to check out. And honestly, I'm getting a little bored from all this sitting around. Might as well do something."
"I don't know how we'll even begin to fix this. But for now we need to find Dean's soul and bring him back to the surface." He stated.
"No. I don't know what you can do at this moment, but for now there's nothing else that you can do. Thank you for helping us Sam, but we need to help Dean now."
"Do it. He's with me now."
The deal?
Sam flicked the "on" switch and they all listened as the machine buzzed to life.
Eileen immediately shot one in the leg and swiftly cut off its head. Jack watched and repeated the same on another. Already, they had half of them dead. This was going way easier than anticipated.
"Uh. Ok. Yeah. Of course, sorry I didn't think of that sooner. Jack and I need to go to the store then. You're obviously malnourished so no burgers or heavy stuff for you, that beer was already a risky move on our part. We'll get you some soup or broth or something."
Jack, Sam, Castiel, and Eileen were seated at the dining table which doubled as the map table, blissfully eating a dinner that Castiel conjured up. Jack was left speechless as Castiel whisked plate after plate of many delicious looking dishes. A large salad bowl, potato salad, corn on the cob, fruit cocktail, a tray of brownies, and a huge stack of hamburgers balanced on an equally large plate.
And that happiness was his love for Dean and professing it.
"What's wrong Sam? Are you hurt anywhere?" Jack distressed.
Dean is found but he's not good in fact he's quite the opposite of good
Castiel sprung up behind him, Angel Blade ready to pierce through flesh. But Boian was ready and shot Castiel off to the side where Sam was.
"So. Uh, Dean. How are you? Are you feeling alright? Are you still soulless orrrr..."
But they did get one tidbit of information that could be useful. The wife managed to get a glimpse of the perpetrators and could see that they wore clown masks.
"Besides, do you even have all your grace back? Your wings may be restored but are you back to full power?"
"I assume you've asked Jack to track him down?" Castiel asked as he rubbed the bridge of his nose in exasperation. Sam nodded.
"I don't know, but I can try."
Castiel exited the kitchen, bringing out a tall pitcher of lemonade and another of ice cold water. He looked quizically at Sam, not wondering what the problem was.
He hated their arguments. He hated yelling with his own brother. It made him sick to his stomach. He hated the feeling of loneliness that would follow afterwards. They were family, in fact the only family they had. When they fought, the entire family split apart.
John Winchester was not the best father. Neither was God. This fact was something that both he and Dean could relate to. Fathers that abandoned their children because of their selfish wants and the tunnel vision they refused to leave or acknowledge.
"No, I didn't make any deals with The Empty. To be completely honest, I have no idea how I got out. All I remember is being asleep then feeling someone praying to me. And that someone was you, Dean."
The love of his life was gone. The angel. His angel. The angel that had just told him that he was loved. The angel that he had loved since that fateful day in the barn, even if he tried to deny it.
Sam internally winced as memories resurfaced. Jerk. Bitch. Puppy eyes. Bitch face. All the terms Dean had coined and all their friendly banter they had shared earlier in their lives was so enjoyable. Sam missed those times desperately, and at times it seemed like they were so far away and never to return.
Castiel had literally never felt anything like this in his entire lifetime of existence. The dick in his ass filled him to the brim, brushing against all the walls of his asscave and hitting his prostate with each thrust. Unimaginable pleasure.
It's hard to remember that Cas is in Dean's body like,,,,,, how??? ? ? Why did I make this so confusing? Lmao I'm so sorry
Sam mumbled something into his arms, but Castiel was already searching for the next part of their trial.
sound, but upon dropping the bottle from his lips, he could see the concerned faces of the other three people in the room. He sighed and set the bottle down. It was probably time for them to let the cat out of the bag.
Sorry this was so so late but I ended up accidentally deleting the whole 10,000 word chapter in a dumb mistake and I wanted to die so yeah
They faintly smiled at each other. Dean's thoughts whirred as he thought of what he could do. He no longer felt angry at the suggestion, but instead he now felt like it could actually work. Well, even if it didn't, he still thought the idea of Castiel inside his body was fucking
When he appeared in the memory, he arrived just in time to witness his self from 8 months ago telling Dean his true feelings. He wasn't a failure. He wasn't a killer. He deserved a life where he could be happy. Castiel's mouth slightly curled up as he remembered this. It truly was his moment of true happiness, telling Dean that he loved him. Perhaps it was the only pure happiness he had felt. Well, that wasn't true. Whenever he spent time with Dean was when he was at his happiness. Everytime he made eye contact with the hunter, or hugged him, or even sacrificed his own life, he was happy. He was needed. That was all it took to make him content.
They're always waiting for him
Castiel tilted his head again.
"I'll ask one more time, you sure about this Cas? We won't be hurt at all if you decide to stay behind. You'll still helpful and you can do research for us-"
Without Dean, Castiel was basically nothing.
The pounding abruptly stopped and Sam tensed up, holding his gun with a white knuckled grip.
"See Dean? You can do this. You're stronger than this. I know, it's something that you never wanted anyone to see. But we know Dean. And you don't need to be embarrassed. This isn't something you can control, so there's nothing to be ashamed of. We are not disappointed. All of us love you and would die for you. So stay strong Dean. You can do this."
"Nuthin.'"
"Well, what do you think Sam?" Castiel asked as he handed the laptop back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Everything hurts
"But wait, Dean. What is going to happen to the rest of the angels? And how are you going to get me out of here?" Dean's eyebrows furrowed and out of his pocket he pulled out the angel blade and the vial. At the sight of this, the other angels retreated, hatred in their eyes. But Dean remained unfazed. "Sorry, Cas. This'll sting a little. But it'll be worth it to get you back." Castiel opened his mouth to protest but Dean just put his finger to his lips and shushed the angel. Then with careful precision, he drew the blade along Cas's neck and drew out his grace. Cas grimaced with the pain, but he withstood it and gasped when it was done. He felt immediately weakened, but at least his grace was in good hands. He opened his mouth again to say something, but Dean shushed him again and pulled him into another hug. "Cas. I'll explain when we get back. But we need to get out of here."
If you want to follow my stan Twitter and witness my ramblings and also see what I'm procrastinating on instead of doing this then go ahead
He looked at Jack in shock and joy, and upon seeing Jack's beaming face, his lit up as well.
It really wasn't. From the shadows of the barn, five masked vampires emerged, led by a female. The five behind her were buff-looking, but in the end, they would all be killed the same way. But before Sam could pull the trigger of his pistol, the female introduced herself as Jenny.
"No. I'm going."
"How are you feeling Dean? Do you feel sick or hurt anywhere?" Sam tentatively asked.
But he wasn't useless. He could still fight. He could help to the best of his ability. He had to prove that he was more than just his grace. He had to prove it not to just Sam and Dean, but also to himself.
The engine roared to life and Sam put Baby into drive. She voiced her approval and with a thrilled noise, they exited the Bunker and began the long ride to Ohio.
Maybe it's for the best
But now, they could eat without any worries for once, a fact that all of them relished and enjoyed to its fullest extent.
His own powers scared him, but coupled with God's and Amara's, he knew he wouldn't be able to control himself. Without guidance, he would just be a walking ball of sheer power.
Castiel and Jack nodded solemnly and they approached Dean's bed again.
"Alright guys, I'm not a kid, I know you're talkin' 'bout me. I don't really care, you can do that, but what's a guy gotta do to get some food around here? Starve?"
"Do you happen to remember anything? Anything at all about what happened to you? And if you do but don't want to talk about it that's fine I was just wondering." He suggested.
"Alright then, let's go right now and get you suited up. I'm sure that we can work something out with a tailor."
Castiel/Dean turned around from preparing a fat stack of hamburgers stacked high on a plate. To the side laid five discarded packages of ground beef that Jack and Sam had impulsively bought earlier because Dean was back. They had thought he would want some hamburgers eventually so they agreed to buy a bunch of meat for him to use in the future when he felt up to it. Usually Sam would turn his nose up at the fattening fare, but Dean's comfort food would definitely help in restoring his health. They just didn't know that these hamburgers wouldn't be prepared by Dean, but by Castiel in Dean's body.
"Cas you know-"
"What the hell are you saying man?" He nearly hissed out. Castiel cursed himself for even thinking of an idea as stupid as that, but it was too far now.
Sam walked in and gave him a really weird look, but Dean didn't care. His eyes stayed glued to the screen as he watched the angel, no HIS angel, be fucked into oblivion.
"I did too, Dean."
Castiel felt Dean's muscles loosen and all the fight go out of his body as he was thrust into the familiar pose of his torturers.
He sighed. This time, there wouldn't be any light to cover him. It would only be neverending darkness. Jack had tried his best, Dean knew that. He was just too much of a fuckup to make any use of the poor kid's effort. Because of his mistakes, he would now be engulfed by the shadows of his own mind. But by now, he was used to it.
Sorry I don't have a consistent upload schedule I just have a really busy life that's filled with school and work and it's hard to find a few hours to sit and type these out, and when I span them out over a week like a normal person I tend to lose that *spark* yknow I'm so sorry but I still swear I'm going to finish this even if it takes 5 years please bear with me. As always thanks for reading.
Again, Sam opened his mouth to try and say something to Cas and Jack, something about what in the fuck was happening, why was their dad such a jackass towards Dean who hadn't done anything, and why were they going through all of Dean's traumatic memories regarding dad, but the scene changed again.
He found the memory and went back eight months to the Bunker's basement. The time where he and Dean would face certain death, or in this case Billie, if they didn't do anything to stop her.
A panic attack.
Sam tried to help, but he was also a wreck. He felt so much guilt on Dean's condition that he locked himself in his room for the majority of this time. Once in a while he and Eileen texted each other, sending words of condolence, but most of the time in his room was set in silence and grievance. He ran through every single possible scenario in his head on how he could have stopped Dean or at least convinced him to not fill his stomach full of alcohol. He should have gone with him. He should have talked to him more. He should have done something more.
"Of course. I want to find him just as much as everyone else does!"
"And that's especially good since I'm in control of his body. I'm going to do my best to restore Dean to his former strength. And the only way to do that-"
The ache returned. And then it grew. A painful stabbing in his head as it cried out to him to not remember. Stop it. It's too painful you don't know what you're getting into. You don't have to remember. Just keep it locked away. You can make new memories. You don't need to know the old ones. They're gone forever. Don't try to dig them back up. You can live without them. Stop it Dean. Just stop it. They're gone.
Upon first glance you saw his face. It was supported by a giant shackle on his neck. Blood caked every part of skin that is visible behind the overgrown hair. The hair itself was black with grime, dirt, and caked on blood. Also there was hot tar poured on it. Dean's eyes weren't there, they'd been carved out by a spoon or something. His eyelids were sewn open but his mouth was sewn shut. One ear was ripped off and the other one was torn to shreds and blood was pouring out of it. There were cuts, scrapes, nicks, and just plain gashes on every part of his body. He had no clothes on but it didn't matter because everything was just a mess of blood. His arms had nails and a ton of bite marks in them and they were being held up on chains. There were fingers missing and fingernails and there was no skin just raw muscle and tendon on his left hand.
Jack had told Sam these insecurities, but while Sam seemed understanding, he was also very distraught. Rightfully so, but Jack couldn't just unearth his dormant powers and expect good things to happen.
Dean groaned. He had probably done something to piss the angel off, which was very like him, but it was so infuriating that he had no idea what. He didn't think that he had done anything wrong, but then again, his memories were a fuzzy blur and an immense blank space in his mind. He couldn't make anything out no matter how much he prodded himself. The answers he was seeking were within Castiel, Sam, and probably Jack, but they wouldn't give anything up. It was as if they thought he was angry at them. He wasn't, but godammit as time passed and he received more questions than answers he did feel a tad bit angry. Why wouldn't anyone tell him anything?
Castiel's last sight was of Dean faintly smiling as the shadows made contact and attached themselves to his body. Dean just stared at them with sad eyes and continued letting them cling to his last bits of sanity. Castiel tried to call out, but he could already feel his consciousness returning to his body.
"Well, at least you can enjoy food now." Jack said gaily, glad to have Castiel in good spirits. The angel nodded. He shoveled another bite of fruit cocktail into his mouth before continuing.
"Someone'd better get me a goddamn beer."
Now, as a forelorn Castiel stared at the shattered soul of Dean, his sorrow grew to the point of bursting. He had done the best he could to try and convince Dean that these feelings, these emotions just weren't true. As a final attempt to mend the broken soul that he loved, he poured out his heart and professed all his feelings of love and adoration for Dean. If he died without telling Dean what he truly thought, he would have dreamed of that forever in The Empty. That would have been his biggest regret.
"We're ready." He said with firm determination.
Sam pondered. They would have to do some more digging around to see if there were any abandoned places a vampire nest would be at. But that wouldn't be too hard - they'd done it a million times already.
While Dean was checking out his body and just looking totally unfazed by everything, Sam beckoned Jack and Castiel over to a corner where they conversed in hushed voices.
Castiel shook his head.
Sam heard desperate rapping on the Bunker's front door.
"I... I don't really know where to start Cas. There's just been so much going on that I just don't even know what
But this time, Dean shushed him by putting his fingers on Cas's lips.
"So how do we get him back?" Sam asked, ready to give up his own soul if it meant getting Dean back.
That night hurt the most. He had failed his one job: Keeping Sam safe.
Castiel sighed deeply again. There was just too much to discuss and fix. He just wished they could poof everything right again.
Now with no choice, Castiel roughly grabbed Dean's hands and held them above his head so that he would stop scoring his own beautiful skin.
"Let me help. I know you're hurting inside. You can hide it from Sam and Jack, but I know you. I know how much you hate yourself and how much pain you're in. I know what you think about yourself. I've already told you this but you're not daddy's blunt little instrument. You don't corrupt everything you touch. You're not made to be used and then thrown away. Even if you think this about yourself, it's not true. No one thinks it's true because it's not."
The pain.
The last time he saw Dean was in that room. He was confessing his true feelings to Dean and the feeling of contentment that he had at just saying it. Just telling the hunter that he had fallen in love with him was enough to bring him true happiness. A happiness that trumped the fear of The Empty. A pure and true love that had cultivated for over twelve years, ever since he gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition.
No. He sat on the ground. And he screamed. He screamed and cried and wailed as he watched Cas die in front of him never to be seen again. And he didn't do anything even after Cas had said I love you and Dean wanted to say it HE HAD WANTED TO SAY IT FOR YEARS AND YEARS but he couldn't he just couldn't it was too much so he just stood there like an IDIOT a big dumb stupid idiot and only watched and then he-
The love of his life. The light casting away the shadows. The one who rescued him.
of the bottle cap as it came off. The cool and familiar rush of beer down his throat was invigorating. He knew that he would probably regret this later and should have instead drank some water, but dammit he wanted some beer. It had felt like forever since he had had one last.
Finally, Castiel grabbed it with aggression and a slight bit of fear.
Eileen just shook her head.
"Happiness isn't in the having. It's in just being. It's in just saying it.
Daddy why do you hate me?
He collapsed on the bed and it felt like an invisible force had grabbed his lungs. He couldn't breathe at all. Everytime he opened his mouth to gasp in some air, his throat closed and allowed nothing to come in nor escape. He gasped and clawed at his neck, but nothing happened.
There were just too many questions and not any answers. Dean wasn't talking about his feelings at all, so Castiel didn't want to push it. He had decided he would hold off on any information for now until Sam and Jack returned. That way, they could organize a plan together that would hopefully have minimal side effects from Dean.
"Hello Dean." The little slut said through a mouthful of dick and cum.
Ther e i s no th i g h er e
Jack stared at Dean's face. It was no longer
"Is there anything you two need? Should I clean the wounds or...?" Sam cautiously asked, but Castiel merely shook his head.
The three of them materialized in Sam's old room as the blazing inferno engulfed the interior and held Mary up to the ceiling as she was set alight by the cruel yellow-eyed demon, Azazel. Upon their arrival, Sam looked up to the ceiling, horrified. Castiel and Jack shared the same reaction. He held up his arms and flinched as the fire grew and ate everything in its path. Their trance was interrupted when they heard the stomping of John Winchester's feet as he arrived and was forced to witness the horrific scene before his eyes.
Sam was about to say something but his blood ran cold as he heard Dean's heartbreaking words after he had left. "I'm so lonely." He was so goddamn stupid. Why had he left? Why was he so stupid? Why couldn't he see how fragile Dean was? He had broken his own brother and hadn't even realized it.
Still waiting for the tapes Jackles PLEASE
So Dean would have to be mad. It was the best course of action at the moment. Castiel would have to apologize later on, but for now, he had to remain silent. It was all for Dean's sake after all. Besides, anything they did for Dean caused him to get mad. It was just in his nature. He was so used to giving that receiving was a new concept to him. Anytime he gained something without reason, he assumed that it was because he did something wrong or someone was mad at him.
But by seeing him now, in this horrendous state, Jack couldn't help but let his anger dissipate. During one of he and Castiel's many chats together about life, Castiel had told him about Dean. Everything the angel knew, he told the nephilim. Dean was so bent on anger and depression that he was burying himself under it, and although unintentionally, he was bringing others down with him, Jack especially.
She didn't expect to be shot during her epic villain reveal monologue, and her eyes widened as the bullet penetrated her skin and immediately poisoned her to death. Upon seeing their leader be killed, the other five hissed behind their masks and lunged forward, bloodlust oozing from them.
"I don't know Sam. I really don't. I'm sorry."
The pain of his own father hitting him or screaming at him for something he had no control over.
His instincts screamed at him to turn tail and leave, to continue in the opposite direction and keep heading towards the light. But he knew that if he did, the repercussions would bite his ass sometime in the future, like they always did. He had to do something to that darkness so that he would never have to see it again.
"And then he thought he was free by falling unconsciousness, but alas it was not meant to be. Gwynth had a dastardly idea and pulled up his worst nightmares and past traumas. All of the abuse and mistreatment his father put him through was pulled up. He was only 4 when he had to take on the world. And how he just craves love. It's certainly pitiful how he thinks that no one loves him. He thinks he doesn't deserve any love! That's why he won't even
As time passed, he felt himself growing more and more human. Less and less of an emotionless soldier of God, but instead growing into a human mindset. Seeing things for what they were, and not just bundles of molecules. Loving the flaws and mistakes of others while making mistakes of his own. Feeling things that didn't exist in Heaven, like the feeling of the air on his face and grass in his hands. Feeling human. What a humorous thought.
Castiel's face turned a dark red and heated up a little. His heart was filled with even more love for the Winchester. That beautiful and loving and sometimes stupid Dean Winchester. He was just so goddamn adorable. Such a child, such a shithead, such a beautiful human.
I'm really tired and I'm sorry
Sam made a quick mental note to never let Dean's soul leave his body. That is, if he ever returned to them.
Dean's head pulsed and pounded as he tried to remember what had happened that fateful night. The painful memory of watching his best friend and his secret crush smiling as slimy ooze appeared from the wall and grabbed him, whisking him off to lands unknown. He had been completely helpless, being unable to do anything but watch and try to think of a solution, or anything to stop the deal from happening.
Misha Collins x Bill Clinton sex scandal? What is with SPN and presidents??
"Dean Winchester is saved."
"Yeah."
But mostly the hatred for himself.
But those concerns quickly dissolved as the night went on, alcohol consumption rose, and lust ran high. Surprisingly, Castiel was the one who made the first move, grabbing man #1 by the shirt and giving him a sloppy but greedy kiss. The man was taken by surprise, but he quickly melted into it as he stared at Castiel's beautiful angelic face. Man #2 didn't want to be left out and quickly joined in, creating a three-way kiss that was arguably the hottest thing Castiel had ever experienced in his life, well maybe a close second behind seeing Dean Winchester's bare ass that one time, which resulted in an immediate hard-on from his vessel.
Man #2 quickly assumed his place at Castiel's mouth, waving his cock right in Cas' face, teasing the smaller man. Castiel groaned as Man #1's tongue raked past a sensitive area and nearly grabbed Man #2's dick in his mouth. He let out a gutteral moan as Castiel's warm mouth made eye contact with his sensitive skin. A beautiful pink tongue combed the head and urethra, and teeth scraped along the skin. It was obvious this blue-eyed beauty was inexperienced with his mouth, but goddamn his looks made up for it. Man #2 opened his eyes long enough to see beautiful sky blue eyes staring at him, full of wonder and lust.
John shoved a pistol into the young boy's arms.
With this, Sam's heart stopped. He glanced down at the other two, who were equally as shocked. Castiel? But he was in The Empty, Dean had told him so! Sam recalled Dean's tragic story of how The Empty had come with its black tendrils and took Castiel and Billie away, never to be seen again.  He called down to Jack,
And thus they repeated the same until they arrived at a mediocre-looking motel in Ohio. Upon pulling in and getting their stuff unpacked, they all collapsed on their beds. Sam and Eileen on one, Jack on the other, and Castiel settled on the couch, as per tradition. When he sat down, a quick flicker of pain hit his head, but he brushed it off, not knowing what it meant. Probably something trivial.
He started sprinting around, but everything was so dark that it seemed that he never moved no matter how fast he ran.
But Sam wasn't there.
"Jack, if you're out there. Please. Please just bring him back. I'm begging you." Silence. Of course. Jack was ignoring everything now. "Jack. Please. I can't go on without him. I'm trying man, I'm actually trying. But I can't. I need that stupid angel in my life. I admit it, I'm in love with him, so please just bring him back." Still more silence. Dean wanted to punch a wall in anger but he took a deep breath and continued. He closed his eyes, sat on his bed, and bent his head down.
Also got some angelic possession hehe wink wonk ;)
"To every monster in the world, we said that we have Dean Winchester. We have him in chains and you can come and do whatever you want to him because we made it so that he can't die because that little son of a gun tried to bite his own tongue off." He gestured to Dean, more specifically his tongue, where there was a sigil on it.
Dean was lying down on it, but as he heard the three pairs of footsteps clomping towards him, his eyes opened and he smiled at them.
Sam absorbed the punch of one, but as he staggered, it lunged towards its neck. But before it could make contact, Jack appeared and chopped its head off. Sam rubbed his sore jaw and quickly thanked him. He quickly looked around and saw Eileen caught in a struggle with one. He and Jack immediately lept up and went to her assistance. Thankfully, Jack stabbed it through the head and Sam quickly chopped its head off, satisfied at the sound it made. He continued to hear grunts of exertion though and looked up, expecting to see Castiel smite one with ease.
Dean's eyebrows furrowed. Then he slightly shrugged and pursed his lips together in thought. Sam's tense stance visibly loosened up a great deal. At least Dean could form coherent sentences and could hold conversation now. That was much more than they could have hoped just a few hours before.
And right they were. After driving around for a couple of hours during the dead of night, they came across an abandoned barn. A perfect place for a vampire feeding ground. Everyone exited the vehicle and grabbed the necessities - bullets with dead man's blood, guns, and machetes. Somehow Sam even found a pair of ninja stars, but he tentatively set them down. Ninja stars wouldn't be that useful in a vampire hunt.
Cas would still be gone. This was the hardest fact to grasp. Cas was taken by The Empty when Billie came. Cas had to die by telling Dean that he loved him. Cas died and it was his fault. Cas left him all alone. Dean pushed Cas away and Cas had no choice but to be killed because Dean fucked up so bad that there was nothing else to do.
Castiel held up his hand and transported them back to the time 8 months ago, when Dean was taken captive by monsters and tortured to the point of insanity.
He just hoped and prayed that they could fix whatever was happening.
He would never see Castiel's smile again. He couldn't lose himself staring into those deep blue eyes, full of everlasting wisdom. He no longer could bring Castiel into a deep hug and breathe in the earthy yet familiar scent of the cologne he sometimes used to mimic Dean. He wouldn't be able to listen to Castiel's rumbly voice that was sometimes frightening but othertimes curious and full of wonder...
Also before you get after me for not including Eileen: I'm sorry. I'm not purposefully excluding her, I swear. It's just proving difficult trying to incorporate her into the story that is mainly focused on Dean. I love Eileen and so does Sam. I just don't want her sitting in the corner like a prop. Might as well keep her badasseness hunting monsters on her own than just being a lamp. And yeah, I know that she and Dean are good friends and they like each other, I totally get that. It's just really awkward trying to write her in. Again, sorry but there is no intentional exclusion happening. She is going to return and be happy with her moose!
Then they were teleported out of the loathsome memory and back into the pitch blackness of Dean's main headspace. The soul sighed as he watched the dark cloud rumble and grow. Castiel tried to say something, but Dean shushed him.
Sam let out a heavy sigh and rechecked the wiring and fixtures to the polygraph. Everything seemed to be correctly placed and the buzzing noises called out,
"I want you to do something. It will be very hard, and I'm sorry in advance for asking you. But it's the only shot we have at finding Dean."
The beautiful Dean Winchester.
At first, it was only a slight hitching in his breath. Something so simple. He choked up a little, but it wasn't anything too concerning. He had been choked by both monsters and people before. He could handle a little bit of lost air.
Sam buried his head in his arms again and attempted to breathe again. Each breath was shaky, but Jack provided support and brought Sam in close. The contact eased the hunter up, but they couldn't ignore the elephant in the room. They had failed to find Dean's soul amongst those memories of his traumatizing past. They had to keep going. But through how much? How long would they have to search Dean's personal trauma just to find his soul?
It wasn't past Sam returning. It was John.
A million thoughts ran through Castiel's mind at that moment.
Well, easier said than done.
"It finally relented and I found myself in Kansas City. I also had my wings back, which was a surprise, but a welcome one nonetheless."
Castiel took Dean's hands in his own. It pained him to see Dean flinch a little, but he held onto them tightly.
"What the hell Castiel? What are we doing here?" Sam seemingly accused at the angel.
Then the horribly depressing scene cut out.
"I know Sam, I know. But you didn't see what I saw. This isn't some small chocolate box of trauma. This is the trauma, fear, pain, hopelessness, and just about every harmful emotion Dean's felt all this time, pretty much his whole life's worth. It's also forty years' worth of torture in Hell. Sam, this isn't something we can just dig up and bury again. I hate to say it but Dean made the right call in trying to bury all of it. If he hadn't, he would be far worse than what he already is."
Then there was a light.
"Jack, stop. It's not your fault. This is no one's fault. Dean was just..." He paused for a moment. "Lost. He was just lost."
But Castiel stood as still as a rock and quickly averted his gaze. He didn't even open his mouth in an attempt to answer. Irritation rose inside of Dean.
"Ok, fine. This is real. Then how the hell do we get him back?" Dean sharply said, his breakfast now forgotten. "If you had known we could get him back why didn't you tell me earlier?"
Man #1 started out slow, not being so mean as to make Castiel bleed on his first time having something up his ass. But the feeling of Castiel's tight ass around his bulging cock slowly made him forget about going slow. He gradually picked up the speed, balls slapping against his taint and Castiel's asscheeks. He searched for the prostate, and faintly began directing his pumps towards it.
Cas tugged at his baggy sweatpants and oversized T-shirt. Of course he would ask that. Castiel was so used to his formal suit and trenchcoat that he saw no need in changing. He could fight in it and then turn heel and pose as an FBI agent the next moment. It was a multi-use outfit that suited the angel very well for his lifestyle. But he was no longer in his old vessel - he was inside Dean. And Dean wasn't really known to wear a trenchcoat and suit all the time.
He flopped back down on the bed and stared at the disgusting motel ceiling.
"What more could you possible need to tell me?"
After 12 long and excruciatingly painful years of pining, yearning, eye-fucking, and everything else inbetween, he finally admitted it to himself. He loved the stupid angel.
Jack and everyone else stood at the top step of the Bunker, arms loaded with duffles and various weapons. They would be a little rusty in the hunting game, so they'd need all the reassurance they could get regarding weaponry. Sam took a deep breath and turned the lights off.
"Of course I don't know anything about that Dean. But come on! You have to forget about that for just a while. I can help you as soon as we don't have a bounty over our heads."
2 random character introductions but don't worry they're not important
But Castiel was asleep for all of that. Asleep and locked in the towering vault of his mistakes and past regrets. At first, the dreams were regrets he had made since his beginning. Little things. He should have created this, he should have killed that. Minor, trivial things that barely even passed as regrets.
How the fuck were they supposed to fix him now? He wasn't even a person at this point, just a terrified animal trapped inside a cage.
But what about Cas? Cas said that-
Dean is suffering like he's in Hell he's not in Hell but it sure as hell feels like it
The three of them were hurled back into the main darkness. They stood there for a long time, trying to process what they had just witnessed. Dean? Panic attacks? Dean Winchester suffering from something as horrific as anxiety? Why hadn't they noticed sooner?
"So where do we even begin to look? Sam asked again, although a bit tersely.
Then there was the matter of The Empty. Whilst stuck in his fitful slumber, Castiel had felt it. It was oh so faint at first, but as time passed, the feeling grew. It was a feeling of pain and terror. It enshrouded Castiel's mind and it became so prominent that sometimes he forgot about his own dreams. He had no idea where it had come from, but as that pulling grew, he felt that he knew.
The only thing he could do was feel
Dean Winchester loved Castiel
Sam knew that John had done abusive things to Dean, but he never knew they were to this extent. And all for what? Dean never did anything wrong. It was always Sam. Sam was the one who fought with dad. Sam was the one who ran away. Sam was the burden, but yet Dean still accepted the role of a punching bag for their father. Sam grit his teeth as the guilt built up inside of him. How had he been so goddamn blind to all of this?
"Dean's like this because he locked away his soul." He grimly said.
Castiel felt a newfound sympathy for humans. They had to put up with these feelings on a daily basis. Castiel had never even thought of feelings like this even once, but now he knew why so many humans prayed for guidance regarding love. It was a complicated process, one that took sympathy and experience to emphasize with. He felt a little foolish that he had ignored a lot of these prayers, thinking of them as mere human things. He now knew that love could move mountains if it could. It was just that Castiel had never loved before. Well, now he did. But that love had cost him his life.
Dean Winchester wishes that everytime he goes on a hunt that he gets impaled on a piece of rebar or something
Now somewhat angered, Castiel managed to wring Dean out of his grasp and nearly threw him back on the bed. He wiped his lips and turned to stare at Dean with a straight look on his face. He was about to reprimand Dean and ask what the
His thought process broke as Castiel spoke again.
He felt the prick of needles as they pierced his skin and threaded through with string attached to them
He could almost hear Dean's smile through the door. But he respected Dean's wishes and trudged away to the main room. It wasn't too far off from the bathroom, but far enough that Dean would be able to have his "personal space." Upon sitting down, he buried his face in his hands. The stress of everything that was happening was finally catching up to him.
He unwrapped his arms and took Dean's face in his hands. Hot tears were still actively running down the hunter's cheeks, but Castiel brushed them away with a loving motion.
They watched in shock as John picked up his baby Sam and sprinted out of the room. They hurridly followed and saw John shove Sam into Dean's arms and return only to witness his wife die while he could only stare at her despairingly. Dean ran outside as fast as his four year old legs could carry him and watched as his first and only home was blazing with his mother inside.
"Dean. I know you're hurting inside. For years and years I've known. And now, I feel as though I can help. You just have to give me your approval."
Dean let out a low groan as he awoke from his slumber. He stretched while his back creaked and popped and his hands clenched. He looked up at his three friends and squinted his eyes as he processed the situation. Upon remembering a few of the things that had just happened, and feeling the rushing intensity of a hangover-like feeling, he let out another groan.
"Sam. It's me. Castiel. Please open the door."
Upon realizing Sam who was struggling to process the sudden upsurge of emotion, Castiel and Jack patted him on the shoulders empathetically. They knew that Sam had never witnessed this firsthand, so he would take a while to process it. Castiel silently wished that he hadn't brought them here, but it was necessary if they were to ever find the remnants of Dean's soul.
But all of that had been brutally ripped away from him. All because God got bored and wanted to rewrite the universe. Fucking scumbag.
The last thing he remembered was Castiel being taken by The Empty right in front of him.
Dean just chuckled and grasped the bottle Jack handed him. He listened as the familiar
"Oh so now you're going to bring Ruby up? Look Dean I did all that I could, I had no idea that she would betray us like that."
Dean laughed and tugged on Castiel's tie, teasing him.
Unfamiliar scars littered every square space of it aside from the long gashes that apparently his fingernails had caused. His hair seemed to have fallen out in clumps, but somehow it had grown back a little bit to its original shape. Probably from angelic grace or magic voodoo, but if so, when did that happen? Dean's confusion was evergrowing as he focused on everything ranging from the scars to the starvation to the painful stabbing sensation he felt in his head and stomach. Everything hurt a fuckton. What he wouldn't give to sink his teeth into a fat and juicy burger at that moment.
A sense of deep fear buried itself in Dean's heart. A fear so dark and unprecented that Dean thought that his heart stopped. He looked down at his hands and they were shaking so violently it was like he was in negative temperatures. His eyes started shaking on their own accord and an overwhelming sense of dizziness set in his head.
If Castiel was gone, then there would be no point in him living now.
"You're not fine! You're the exact opposite of fine! You almost died and you're saying don't worry about it. How do you expect us to do that?"
His eyes snapped open.
Before she could protest, he thrusted the Angel Blade into her right eye and watched in grim satisfaction as she died, hopefully a painful death like she deserved.
A moment of true happiness. That was the deal. A deal for The Empty to take Cas as he experienced a moment of true happiness.
The cloud covered him and the feelings of self-loathing, hatred, pain, depression, anxiety, abandonment, hopelessness, and just about everything else smothered him.
I love you.
With newfound vigor, Sam rushed out of the storage room while calling out Castiel and Jack's names. Finally, he had done something to help Dean. He just hoped that everything would go right. Knowing their luck, it wouldn't, but it wouldn't do any good not to try.
It was ready, but were they? Most likely not but it's not like they had the time to mentally prepare themselves. Every second wasted was a second that Dean's soul was evaporating. There was literally no time to waste.
of Sam's mighty moose paws as he signified his return. Dean finished scooping the eggs into the plates and smiled at Sam as they made eye contact. Sam smiled back and washed his hands as Dean set their places at the table. Then they both sat down to eat and the familliar
He looked expectantly at Castiel. Obviously this was a loaded question and one that would take a lot of thought, but he had to know. He had seen the extent of Dean's injuries and mental trauma. Even without most of his advanced angelic senses, he could still tell that Dean was fucked up in more ways than one.
Castiel.
Castiel opened his mouth to say something but Dean pushed Cas down on the bed and straddled his stomach. He pushed his lips to Cas's once again and his hips started to grind against the angel's nether regions.
Castiel immediately beamed.
Cas had obviously washed it with care, not wanting any sort of flaws to remain on it. Perhaps he had done it as a surprise for Dean before he was taken by The Empty.
At least the majority of the physical pain was gone. If somehow Sam and Jack could bring him back to his senses, then not all hope would be lost.
"Do you want me to watch him now?" Jack quietly asked.
A limp doll that was subject to any kind of behavior that anyone could inflict upon it.
Dean was ready to die. His eyes were deadpan and had nearly sunk in. Dark circles under his eyes highlighted his pale skin. Dean looked like death itself had come to claim him. Well, that was what was about to happen. Billie was obviously ticked at Dean's near death encounters, but this time, Dean was ready. He had lost everything he had held dear to himself other than Sam. He was ready for death to take him.
He loved Cas. He needed Cas. He needed everything about Cas from the mesmerizing sound of his voice to his naive view of the world around him.
Angsty Dean we love it
And then the bastard fucking winked as the livestream came to a fizzling close.
Dean's chest tightened as his heart continued to pump harder than it ever had before. It felt like something was squeezing both his heart and lungs, but his heart was beating with the intensity of a drum while his lungs stopped working. He couldn't breathe and his heart was going so fast that it felt like it would burst.
It hurts when the alcohol bottles comes out. It hurts when they hit him.
Castiel and the other angels watched as the bright yellow rift opened and Dean Winchester stepped inside. There was uproar and shouting, but Castiel ignored all of it. Then a million thoughts ran through his head-
Dean's long, scarred, and scrawny fingers were covered in pink meat and onions. Castiel had obviously experienced cooking before, most likely learning from Dean himself. Jack could vividly envision the two of them standing in the kitchen together, close enough to be helpful towards each other but barely far enough so that the other wouldn't think the latter was trying to get closer out of fear of rejection and thus ensuing awkwardness...
He had failed. He failed the love of his life without even telling him "I love you" back. He didn't consider himself to be a gay man, but he couldn't deny his feelings for Castiel and his vessel. He just refused to acknowledge everything because dad had called those kinds of people "faggots" and he still didn't want to disappoint the old man.
The next few days passed in a quick but pleasant blur. Castiel continued to make meals for the three of them while enjoying everyone's company. After spending so long in The Empty, physical interaction that wasn't anything from a past regret was a definite welcome change. He was just glad to be out and enjoying life.
And then began the long 8 months of the breaking of Dean Winchester.
And even worse, Dean had the hardest dick he had since forever.
He quickly pulled out with his phone and fumbled with it before he dialed Castiel's number. But the phone went immediately to voicemail again.
Dean Winchester is a failure
That was the first time the three of them had genuinely laughed in over a year, and it was a goddamn beautiful feeling. The laughter soon died out, but the smiles remained plastered to faces.
I'm really sad now
Over and over like a montage. A montage of Dean making his first sawed off shotgun. Another scene passed by in a blur. Dean getting bored and leaving Sam alone and then returning to find Shtriga feeding on him and John returning to cradle Sam in his arms and make Dean feel even more guilt than he already had upon himself. And Sam and John arguing about the hunting life and wanting a home while Dean watched and wanted to crawl into a hole and wish it all away. Then the scene passed with Dean giving up food to give to Sam and then Dean tried some of dad's beer and then an older Dean stealing peanut butter and jelly after betting all their food money away and sneaking off to a club to feel welcomed into society and...
It was hard to tell. Castiel had never dealt with seizures before, but he couldn't tell what Dean was going through. It was very possible that he could have developed seizures during the time he was being held captive, as his brain had suffered enough damage to go through that. But if that was a seizure, then why would it occur after he and Jack had fixed his brain. Did they happen to miss a spot?
3 days after his rescue and 3 days of nonstop, constant healing, Dean Winchester opened his mesmerizing sea-green eyes for the first time in 8 months.
"We got into an argument. A really big one. It was probably as intense as the one we had on the night I left... After Dean died and left me alone, I teamed up with a demon named Ruby to get him back. Well, when he returned from Hell after you rescued him." He gestured towards Castiel. "He was really shaken up, and I understand that. But I didn't have any choices at the time and Ruby was my best bet. Anyway we got into a big fight and I stormed out. I realize now that I was childish, but godammit I was pissed alright?"
"Thank you so much Jack." Sam managed to breathe out.
Sam gulped and crept towards the door. When he got there, he called out with a wavering voice.
He loaded Castiel into the backseat and as soon as everyone else filed in, he started racing back towards the motel, cursing his incompetence all the way.
"You'd better. This place isn't home without beer. Thanks kid."
"I truly am sorry about that Dean. I wasn't in the right-"
Jack concentrated with his eyes tightly closed. He disappeared for a quick moment and returned with the Impala in tow. Sam, Eileen, and Castiel's mouths all dropped as he appeared, breathing deeply but satisfied with his success. His mouth was in a wide grin as he relished in the unfamiliar feeling. It was in perfect condition, all the dents and scratches faded from existence and the interior looking better than ever. Sam approached it and opened the back. All the equipment and weapons that they needed on hunts was present as well.
Dean unstuck his face to Castiel's chest and looked up with red eyes. He sniffled a little and rubbed his nose with his arm.
He turned around and let himself retreat back into the kitchen to finish cooking, leaving a dumbfounded Sam and Jack to stare at his lingering figure.
Sam's mind eased up. Honestly, he wasn't planning on having Castiel do anything related to the case. He would probably have him stay at a motel room and do research or something similar with Eileen while he and Jack did the grunt work. He and Jack could handle the messy part of the job, but he didn't want Eileen nor Castiel to get hurt. Obviously he didn't want Jack to get hurt either, but Jack was God himself. Even if his powers were sealed away, it would take more than a simple monster hunt to kill him.
"C...C-Ca. Caass... P-Pl-ease come b-ba-back. I... I n-n-need you now m... More t-than ever. Ple-ase."
"Cas, you're in no shape to be going anywhere. Besides, why would you want to go? I mean... I thought you were trying to heal Dean? Ya know? Don't you think that going on a monster hunt could be detrimental to that cause?" He stated with a raised eyebrow.
"No! Cas!" Sam nearly screamed as he rushed over.
Jack set his face in a grimace and thought about it. He wished it were as easy as Cas made it out to be, but it wasn't. But in the end, everyone needed Dean back. He had to do this. He turned his head towards Castiel and nodded.
He just knew he had to find Dean and make sure he was alright.
But now wasn't the time to feel happy. Castiel sighed as the grim reality set in. This was the time to save Dean and get the hell out of there.
He had found the polygraph thing. Except this wasn't a polygraph, it was their key to Dean's mind.
But where is Castiel
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wanted to punch his face so bad. But he relented and started to clean up the table, as it was obvious that they were done here.
After breaking out of the hug, Sam immediately opened the driver's side and turned the ignition on. He listened to her sweet purr and the familiar feelings of her rumblings as she strummed to life. He ran his fingers over the dashboard and relished her sweet scent.
He was just about to give up hope when he saw a familiar shape emerge from the darkness. Immediately his face broke out into a wide smile as he recognized the face of the one he loved. His chest loosened up as he took in the full sight of the hunter.
"Jack. Come here buddy." He gestured through his arm slings.
Sam watched expectantly as Dean's fresh eyes opened and adjusted to their surroundings. He watched as Dean slowly sat up from the bed and swiveled his head around. He watched as Dean's eyes widened in shock as he saw Castiel and Jack standing together. He just hoped that Dean's mind wouldn't be too far gone, or if it was, it would at least be able to be somewhat fixed.
"Look up!" He exclaimed.
The three of them thought that he was relatively stable and under a little bit of control until Dean slightly opened his mouth and let a few words spill out. The heartbreaking phrases shook all of them deep down to the core of their beings.
Also I love Destiel so much they're so beautiful I was squealing when I wrote this AAAAAAAAAAA
Another long hour passed and Sam was just about to leave to get a glass of water or do something that would get his mind off of his brother when Dean awoke.
"Actually, instead of that, how about we just buy you a new suit and coat? That way you don't have to worry about clothes and look decent."
At Sam's words, they heard the door slamming. They whipped around and witnessed Dean staring behind the door, staring at it. Sam had just left like he had just described. Only this time, he would be seeing what Dean saw that night.
was there.
Dean was always the best at hiding his emotions.
"You're insufferable."
No you don't know Cas doesn't know no one knows what it's like to be Dean Winchester
Sam let the last words stretch out and opened his hands as he waited expectantly for an answer from his newly resurrected brother. This was the moment of truth. Now, they would see if their hard efforts paid off and if Dean was mentally stable again. Dean stretched out again with a loud groan, but he sputtered as he processed what his brother had just said.
And Dean x Benny is canon now? Excuse?
Dean blinked hot tears out of his eyes and stared at Castiel. He opened his mouth, but he only choked on his words. Castiel smiled and put his finger to Dean's lips, gently shushing him.
"What's up hot stuff?" He teased.
Eileen's voice spoke up and the three guys turned to listen.
Even after searching for over an hour, Dean couldn't find his baby brother anywhere.
Dean continued to lay like a deadman on the bed. Even when Sam finished restraining his appendages, Dean's eyes remained wide and open, but there was no movement other than the erratic rise and fall of his chest.
He felt the crunching of teeth as bones were exposed and broken in his own body his bones were being exposed like a Christmas present
more then maybe Dean wouldn't have left. Or he wouldn't have gotten kidnapped. Or just something else could have happened other than this. If only he had asked Jack to use his powers sooner or just summoned another angel or...
suppressing his emotions like a robot. He understood that Dean didn't want to talk about them and he understood how vulnerable it made him feel, but godammit he couldn't bury everything forever! He needed to talk or vent or do something that would make him feel better, and not just bottle all his feelings up like he usually did.
do this, promise not to do anything fishy to me?"
Five minutes passed. No Cas.
For wanting to be happy
"I think it's because that Dean loves hamburgers so much that it's rubbed off on me." He mused.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was a slut. A whore. A hot girl. And he wouldn't have it any other way.
And unknown to him, the same logic applied to Dean.
Sam searched around the room and racked his brain as he tried to remember this place. It was definitely a long time ago, back before he and Dean started hunting full time. A long time ago when he had left...
Daddy!!!
"We're going." The two celestial beings said at the same time. Sam smiled and lightly chuckled to himself. Of course they were going. He was stupid to think otherwise. This was Dean they were saving.
But this time, he was fine.
Jack took Castiel's response as an indication of him to start. He took a deep breath and started with the most burning question he had.
So they wouldn't be able to heal Dean at all.
Cas obviously wore the trenchcoat for a reason. He had even heard Castiel say that he had grown to like the coat at times. He could take the trenchcoat that Castiel's vessel had on, but he decided not to and leave Jimmy's body where it was out of respect. Besides, it wouldn't kill Sam to go out and buy one that would fit Dean's body. In fact, they could just go out and buy a suit and coat that fit Dean's current form and be done with clothes for a while and also give Castiel some peace of mind with familiar attire. It was a win-win situation for everyone.
"I can't give you that much information, Dean. I don't know how to tell you in the right way." Sam signed and buried his face in his hands. Dean's confusion grew.
He gently took Dean's hand in his own. The hunter's still frame flinched a little, but his face remained stoic. Castiel slowly shook his head and brought Dean's hand up to his forehead.
As soon as his green eyes snapped open, Dean let out a blood-curdling scream.
"Perhaps it needs a trigger, just like last time." Castiel mused.
He put his hand on the angel's wound and concentrated. Immediately, the punctures closed up and the bleeding stopped. He opened his eyes and was surprised at his success. Sam breathed out in relief and gently shook Castiel to wake him up.
Dean actively recoiled and Castiel instantly regretted his words as Dean retreated back into his shell.
The long journey to find the broken remnants of Dean's soul initiated.
"Let me in Dean. I can help you with your mental trauma. Like what you did with Sam and Gadreel. Except this time, you don't have to hide it from anyone and I will actually help you. I can help you Dean. You just have to let me help."
"Oh, look. You're finally thinking of something useful. Care to share with the rest of us?"
What the fuck had happened in there?
Not as long as the time he spent in Hell
"Well, alrighty then. If you're sure, then I guess you could pack some of Dean's clothes for yourself. Well, that is if they still fit. I don't know if they will, but it wouldn't hurt to try. I guess if everything's a bit too baggy you could rummage through Jack's things and see if he would be willing to give up a few outfits."
Even if Castiel was in Dean's body, it still was Castiel. He was still his father and the angel that had saved his life on numerous occasions. There was no reason for him to feel uncomfortable at all.
While lost in his own thoughts, Sam had completely missed the note that was hastily thrown and written on the table. It was from Eileen.
"This better not be some sick prank Sam. If it is I swear to God, er, Jack that I will make you regret being born."
Thanks for understanding my stupidity
"So what? Is he going to stay like this? Do we need to rescue his soul or something?" Sam asked, major desperation leaking into his voice. If anyone knew what it was like to be soulless, it was Sam. While it wasn't painful or unpleasant, he knew that he did majorly stupid things, like letting Dean become a vampire that one time. No, he couldn't let that happen. They had to rescue Dean's soul somehow.
They were plunged back into the darkness. After watching Dean spiral into a deep depression after Castiel and Mary's previous deaths, the three of them were just about ready to give up, but a thought hit Castiel. With a little vigor, he continued to sift through Dean's memories until he came across the second most recent traumatic one. Watching Castiel being taken and not being able to do or say anything. Cas gulped and headed towards it, but he thought of something. Would Dean want this? Would Dean want Castiel poking around his head and revealing his deepest, darkest secrets to everyone? Cas pondered on this for a moment but thought better of it. They were already at the point of no return. Dean would complain, but this was the only way they could fix him.
"W-What do you mean?" He stuttered out.
Dean Winchester wants to die
(See the end of the chapter for
Like one time Sam was making a request for lunch but he accidentally said Dean instead of Cas. Castiel did turn around, but Sam still felt guilty at his mistake. The incident was soon forgotten though and Sam tried his hardest not to slip up again. They had to stay strong so that Dean could continue to heal.
No. He wouldn't let that happen. He could never show this side of him to anyone. If he ever felt this way again, he would just have to hide it.
"You'll learn soon enough." Replied Sam in a cryptic tone. "But just for now, wait."
Then they winked.
"After all I've done for you boys... After everything. I've dragged your sorry asses around my entire
"I mean, what is there to talk about? I got kidnapped by some monsters for 8 months, Cas came back, and then you found me. Some shit went down where I was basically insane for a while, but I'm not now. Then you guys went flitting around in my head and snapped me out of it. I really appreciate that."
That's not what Sam is. Sam is his brother. Sam loves him. Sam just wanted a happy life away from hunting, which he deserved. No one deserves the hunting life. Sam threw away everything to be with his brother. Sam didn't leave him. Sam is here to stay forever.
breaking him. This isn't Dean, Jack. We have to get him back."
I'm so so so s o o o ooo sorry the chapters are like not coming as often as I'd like and for the fact that this one is so late that my dad returned with the milk. A good friend of mine got into a fatal accident a month ago and I just really couldn't focus on writing. But they're fine now and everything's going smoothly regarding their health and recovery.
I deeply apologize if this chapter happens to be inaccurate or offensive in any way. I described mental disorders not to make fun of them, but to show the way Dean's trauma has affected him. If you have any problems or inaccuracies that you would like to point out, please do. I do not wish to harm anyone with works of fiction, so please tell me if you have any problems. Much love as always <3
"Should I try to heal everything now?" Jack solemnly asked.
And then his soul succumbed to the swirling darkness of his own demons.
teach Cas to cook.
Cas' eyes nearly rolled back in his head. Man #1's dick was filling him up so good, he felt like he would burst then and there. But then his arms were taken behind his back and he was left totally helpless, at these two mens' mercy. And it felt so goddamn good.
(See the end of the chapter for
The scene faded out into the dark crevices of Dean's head, ready to be rewound and played over and over again.
After Castiel had taken his seat, that sense of pride that he possessed was still prominent. Everyone was enjoying the meal that he had worked hard on. And it wasn't the kind of enjoy that you would do just to be nice, Castiel could tell from the happiness radiating off of everyone that his full course meal was a hit. He glanced over at Sam and Eileen, who were enjoying each others company. However, Sam was still amazed at the fact that Castiel could cook.
He wouldn't be able to shield everyone for the rest of his life, but for the time being, with their defenses so weakened, they needed all the rest they could get.
The chills started. Then the heat. The chills and heat and twitching. His limbs were moving on their own, convulsing, as if they were fish out of water.
Was that a seizure?
He still loves dad
"I'm fine. You continue doing your thing, whatever the hell it is. I gotta take a piss."
"Do you mean that? Do I really deserve to be saved?"
Suddenly, the times that Sam had done this in the past resurfaced in his head. The time he had left for Flagstaff, Stanford, the night he confronted Sam and Ruby, and all those other times. They came bubbling up like a boiling pot and Dean remembered all of them at that moment. He remembered how terrified he felt and how lonely he was at Sam's prolonged absences. He remembered how petrified he had felt at thought of being left alone, like how dad did when Sam had left for college.
wants to die
"Alright. I get it. Let's just check on him again and see how he feels. Then we'll discuss what to do with him."
"Soulless? When the hell was I
"Thank you, Jack. You've done the responsible thing. I'm furious that all this has happened to you, but I'm proud. I'm so proud of you Jack."
Upon seeing her text, Sam smiled. God, he loved her so much.
Castiel continued to stare at Dean. It didn't take much thought for him to say no with a stern tone.
Whenever he wasn't cooking, Castiel was cleaning or doing dishes. Never alone though. After meals, Sam, Jack, and Eileen would volunteer to help wash and dry the dishes and help clean up after Castiel's cooking sprees, which procured mountains of dishes. Sometimes Jack would play with the soap bubbles and form a Santa beard and throw bubbles at everyone else, which would result in kitchen chaos.
The two of them nodded understandingly.
"Are you sure that you will be fine on your own?" Jack asked tentatively. Castiel nodded.
Sam let out a little chuckle.
The two of them arrived back at the motel to be greeted by the two estatic residents. They did some research on killer clowns and found a little snippet of information about them in John's journal. It turns out that these monsters were vampires and that they had been terrorizing this town for quite some time.
Not much could be concluded from seeing the crime scene that wasn't already stated in the article. The husband had been killed, the wife's tongue ripped out, and the kids taken away. The wife was traumatized beyond belief, it seemed that even thinking of the event caused her body to shut down.
That's not what he wanted.
Dean could only watch as the cloud grew. Tears started to roll down his face as he realized his fate. He would be stuck there. Hopefully not forever, but it would be a damn long time. He had mentally prepared himself for this, but that didn't mean that he wanted it. He wanted anything else other than this.
Castiel stood up as Sam entered the map room and Jack came bursting out from the room Dean was in. Upon seeing the familiar machine, the two of them smiled as a faint glimmer of hope appeared in their minds.
Sobbed.
Sam threw his head back and started cackling, as did Jack. Eileen looked questioningly at him until he explained the joke, as to which she started giggling too. The laughter continued and then died down, Sam wiping tears from his eyes. Castiel still looked confused at the joke, but he shrugged it off and went back to inhaling bites of freshly baked brownie bites. They were sweet and tasted kinda like peanut butter and jelly if he thought about it. He would have to get one of those later and see if they still tasted the same as when he was human.
He could eat food now. An angel could now actually enjoy the taste and texture of human food, something that he normally couldn't even dream of.
"Dean. You are in the Bunker. Sam is here along with Jack and I, Castiel. You are safe. There are no monsters here."
"Tell that to Naomi."
"I feel fine. I really do. It's not like I don't want to talk and be difficult. It's just that I honestly feel fine. Yeah, I still remember everything and I remember how much it hurt. But it's not corrupting my head or anything. It's just like when I was in Hell. It hurt, but I'll press on.
Sam shrugged and pulled out his phone. He texted Eileen a few key details they found out. Her response was immediate.
"Ready to eat?" He asked her, his hands moving deftly and quickly, very familiar with the motions.
Two days after Sam's few lines of dialogue, Dean was in the kitchen cheerfully cooking breakfast. He had his phone on, blasting Led Zeppelin, and he was currently waiting for Sam to return from his daily jog. As the toast popped up, Dean heard the familiar
"A case?" Cas questioned as he approached. "What's happened?"
S1 Dean kind of makes an appearance, although very briefly
Castiel looked taken aback but he nodded his head and brought Dean into another hug.
"Dean. Talk to us. You remember everything now?"
But Castiel was cut short as he looked at Dean.
Castiel pondered for a moment before smiling.
"Come on. Let's get out of here." Dean mumbled.
"I... I think that this is the motel that dad towed Dean and I to the night I left." Sam said with a very noticable tremble in his voice.
Sam paused from another bite of salad and perked up. He was also wondering how Castiel could be enjoying his food so much. It was a while ago, but he could still remember the angel reminiscing over the taste of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, stating that the simple sandwiches tasted like molecules. If that was the case, then how could he be enjoying today's meal so well?
Castiel let out a shrill sound, followed by senseless gurgling and moans. They were muffled as Man #2's continued thrusting sped up.
"I'm not saying that you don't have to worry, I'm just saying that I feel fine."
Dean raised his arms in frusteration. "What the hell does that mean Sam? Why can't you tell me?" Dean repressed the urge to slam his fist on the table just barely.
Over time, he and Dean had begun to slowly mend their relationship. It was still very rocky at times, but at least Dean wasn't trying to kill him now. Well, not that he could, but the thought was there. That was all that mattered.
"If you don't mind, I would like to stay here. I would go, but I would like to do more research. Besides, I don't know Dean that well. I think he would be happier seeing all of you."
Sam stared at Dean incredulously. This was getting them nowhere. Dean was
Five long minutes passed. Five minutes of them watching Dean as he struggled to breathe and cry out in terror at virtually nothing. Five minutes of Dean being his most vulnerable and most terrified in his entire life. Only five minutes, but it seemed longer than eternity. When it finally stopped, he collapsed on the bed and frazzled out like a dying light.
"is to continue eating."
He finished. Finally. It took over an hour to get every bit of thread out, even when Dean was as still as death. The flesh had grown around the thread, signifying its presence had been there for a long, long time. His lips were swollen and bleeding, full of infection. Dean's sea green eyes were gone, only replaced by darkness. After Sam had cut the thread out, he had slowly closed the eyelids. He just hoped that Dean wasn't conscious through all of this. In a cruel thought, he hoped that Dean would be stuck in sleep instead of having to witness all of what was happening on the outside of his mind. At least the nightmares weren't real. Right?
He threw off the angel and the literal god and knocked over the medroom's table and scurried into a corner, eyes wide in sheer terror and pain. They were already bloodshot and seemingly bulging out of their sockets.
His arms and legs stopped twitching, but they had gone painstakingly numb. He tried to lift his right arm, but it was useless.
"Good, good. You're doing great Dean. Now, keep breathing like that. This will all be over. And you're not alone. I'm with you. I'll always be with you, Dean. I will never abandon nor forsake you. You don't deserve that. You've done so many great things in your lifetime that even I couldn't do."
"Alright, I'm not even gonna ask how this happened. First of all, Cas." At the mention of the angel's name, his eyes slightly lit up in happiness. "How in the world are you alive? I... I saw you being k-killed. Right in front of me. I thought I was never gonna get you back."
Upon seeing Dean in such a submissive and pitiable state, John sighed in anger. He stepped on his son's unmoving body and growled harsh words in his ear.
"That's all just details you dumbass. Come here Cas." And with that Dean pulled Castiel into a giant hug and buried his face in his trench coat. "Let's get you out of here. My boyfriend can't just spend eternity rotting in The Empty now, can he?" Castiel's eyes widened and he could feel a slight redness come across his cheeks.
Sam sighed in exasperation. He understood where Jack was coming from, but he couldn't stand to see his brother suffering so. He also hated the helpless feeling that had settled in from the past three days. He needed to do something to help ease Dean's pain, even if just a little.
Castiel noticed Dean's silence but he could feel his thoughts racing. He pulled Dean into another deep hug. He just hoped that he hadn't pushed Dean even further away. God, that was the very last thing he wanted to do. He just wanted to help. He needed to help.
And now, in the present, they continued thrusting Castiel who was stuck in a spit roast. His dick was already leaking with so much precum it felt as though he had already cum everywhere. He moaned loudly and without restraint as his body was violated so good. Is this what he had been missing out on by catering to the Winchesters? God, he should've gotten a divorce sooner.
He paused for a moment before continuing, choosing his words carefully.
Hearing Castiel's quivering moan was almost enough for him to ejaculate right then and there.
Castiel blinked tears out of his eyes and stood infront of Dean. He crouched down and again, tried to cup Dean's tattered and ripped face in his hands as he heard this desperate plea for salvation. He was trying to do anything to tell his love that he was there. He was there and he was alive and it was his prayers that had awakened him and that they were going to rescue him from his head and then they would live together with nothing to worry about... Right? Right... Castiel scoffed at himself. After witnessing all of this, it was even a miracle that Dean had the energy to scream. No wonder that black cloud of misery had grown so much. No one could have survived that much torture and escaped without a scrape. Dean was a living anamoly as he was able to continue without ripping himself apart.
