‘Your date is wearing a white flower as well,’ Rhodey said, completely ignoring Tony’s rant. ‘Now, be a gentleman and pay for this date. I’ll pay you back if it’s a hot girl. If it’s a guy you can pay yourself, you’re rich, your bank account won’t even notice.’
‘Because you secretly love me, but you’ll never admit it!’ Tony commented in a sing-song voice. ‘But I gotta go now, pumpkin, or I’ll be too late for your date. You can’t make a bad first impression. So, how do I recognize this mystery date?’
‘Oh, come on, Tones, you have to do this for me,’ Rhodey said. ‘If you don’t do this I use all 274 favors to make you personally clean my house for the next 274 weeks.’
'One of Ronan's guys was shot when he tried to attack Sam,' he explained. 'Don't look, just act like you work here. Some of the guards aren't caught yet, if they see you're with the police they might hunt you down. Don't want you to move to Alaska with a new name.'
Then there was Natasha, who dealt with all communication. She was a smooth talker, like Tony himself, and could get anything done.
When nobody was paying attention Steve clipped a tiny microphone, which looked like a brooch, on his dress and checked with Sam if everything was working. When he got an okay he hid his badge and the card to the room in his bra. Steve looked in the mirror one last time, took a deep breath and with Sam's encouraging words in his ear he entered the club.
'Thanks, send them to Maria Hill when you're done,' Tony said. He was tempted to smack that ass, but he stopped himself just in time. Damn, this was starting to become a problem.
Right after Tony graduated he moved. He didn’t want to stay in his parent’s house any longer. He got himself a huge tower in Manhattan, a place with less bad memories. Jarvis gladly tagged along with his new boss. Steve moved in as well and Tony had restarted Stark Industries. Business was more successful than ever and Tony earned more money than his father had before. He used it to help Steve paying for art school.
'I could have known,' Steve answered. 'Well, hundreds of years ago the royal family saved the dragons from civilians who tried to kill them, for eating their cattle. They made agreements: the dragons protect the lands in exchange for food. But they made a special arrangement with the royal family. Every prince or princess would get their own guarding dragon, one that is born in the same year as the child.'
For the next two weeks they toured through New Zealand, following Steve's plan, visiting campsites in the area, seeing the most beautiful parts of the country. The nights were hell, but the days were the most fun Tony had had in a very long time. They climbed mountains, walked around the bluest lakes they had ever seen, and went whale watching. They visited the zoo to see kiwi, went shopping in Wellington and made a helicopter flight over the highest mountain of the country.
The words hardly left his mouth when Steve realized that Bucky had shrunk. Whomever he was hugging, it was not his friend. Immediately he let go again and stepped back, eyes wide in horror. A guy with a neatly trimmed goatee and a big grin turned to face him. He quickly checked Steve out from head to toe.
'Good, because we need you to get the sled outside again and even with the three of us we couldn’t get it through the door,' Tony joked.
'We can't take the risk!' Sam said. 'That woman was already suspecting something, we can't continue. Stefanie might get in a dangerous situation.'
Steve snorted. 'All my dreams will come true. You better not tell any of this to Tony. I might be like an angel, but I will kill you and then die of embarrassment.'
Tony was embarrassed to tell Steve what happened. He had promised to help him, but he couldn't. With a heavy heart he walked into the tiny apartment and told what happened. Of course sweet Steve didn't mind at all.
'Alright,' Natasha said. 'You'll run around the station, finish line is right here again. Good luck. Ready? Set. Go!'
Suddenly one of the dogs noticed Tony and pounced him. Tony almost fell backwards. Clint laughed at him, but Steve got up and pulled the dog away.
‘Definitely not!’ Rhodey warned. ‘I don’t care if it’s a guy, a girl, or an asshole, but you’re not taking that blind date home.’
Tony grinned. 'Wow, my reputation is even known on the arctic! But no worries, my boss is the one who's interested in him. I only care about the reward I get when I deliver him safely.'
Steve grabbed his wallet and his keys and put them in his pocket. ‘I wasn’t kidding about that year of dusting duty in the living room,’ he said. ‘You owe me, James Buchanan Barnes. No amount of toilet cleaning is going to get you out of this.’
‘You’re soaking wet,’ he muttered as he pulled Steve onto the terrace. It was still cold, but at least it was dry.
'When we bust in there we'll try to get out the prostitutes separated from the rest of the staff and the clients,' Sam explained. 'We'll talk to all of them and the ones who want to take their story to the court will all get a new identity. The ones who don't are free to go. We'll get a chance to talk to all of them, so there is no need for Tony to get a confession out of another girl. We got all the evidence we needed.'
‘They stuffed a lot more in there than they did seventy years ago, but the basics are still the same,’ Tony agreed as he opened the hood. Steve peeked over his shoulder.
When Steve started running, the dogs started running as well. Clint had a hard time getting them under control and Tony was almost thrown off the sled. They held on tightly and followed the super soldier. Steve was fast. Even on the slippery ground he easily found his way. There were ten dogs and they were strong, but they couldn't keep up. Not with three people and a lot of luggage on the sled.
Nebula opened the door and walked in. A few guys were already changing and she greeted them cheerfully before introducing Stefanie. Steve said hi before he got pushed down in a chair, in front of a mirror. That would be his workstation. He could leave all his things there. Theft would be punished.
in a baking competition. Now hurry up, Happy is waiting for you, and don't embarrass me or the company on tv!'
Steve shook his head before he pulled away from Tony's hands. In seconds the dragon turned into a familiar, tall, blond, human again.
‘How were the two of you classmates?’ Tony asked. ‘He’s forty and you’re like twenty-five or something.’
They walked to one of the very few buildings and got in line at the service desk. Tony looked around and frowned. There were pictures of active people everywhere. Weren't they just going to take a look at some caves? He grabbed a flyer as Steve asked if there was still place for two people in the next tour. There were a few spots left, so Tony paid.
‘Mine never call me James either,’ Steve lied. ‘They call me Bucky, after my middle name, Buchanan.’
Tony flew to the bridge. He shot a few things and then the bridge came falling down and landed with a loud bang. Tony landed on it and tried it if was secure.
Olivia wiped his tears. Steve didn't know what to say. He just sat there in silent support. For minutes neither of them moved. Steve had known he worked with people who were forced to have sex with others, but hearing the story broke his heart.
Steve changed into his pajamas and prepared the 'beds'. He unzipped the sleeping bag, so they could use it as a blanket together. The tent was so small they had to lie close together anyway. When Steve was done, Tony still hadn't changed clothes.
The two of them went outside and looked around. There wasn’t much nature in their street, so they checked the one tree and the few bushes that were around, but Redwing wasn’t there. They checked the buildings, but the parakeet wasn’t sitting on any of the balcony’s or roofs. They checked all his favourite spots, it wasn’t the first time he escaped, but they couldn’t find him anywhere.
'What?' Steve asked. 'You got me out of that castle! You built a suit of armor that can fly and you use it to help people! That is amazing. I was really happy we were going to be a team.'
'I'm fine,' Steve laughed. 'Don't worry so much, I've had worse. Help me up and get me to the grass. More comfortable.'
Worst were probably grocery stores, Tony decided, as he tried to get four overflowing bags out of the trunk of his car. Grocery stores should be used to torture people.
'Man, the police almost got me!' he sighed. 'Have you seen the news? Fury held a speech. About how it was possible that people saw Captain America fight a robot bug. He made up a story about how you were frozen in the arctic for seventy years and how they thawed you a few weeks ago. Everyone believed him! He also announced that there will be a team and that the two of you will be in it, and me too! You should have been there!'
‘Still, warn a man next time, Merida,’ Tony hissed. He turned on his heels and walked back to the force field. He reached out and touched it with his hand. Nothing much happened. Yes, there was resistance, but it didn’t burn him, nothing melted, there was no fire, nothing. Tony took a few steps back. If this was just a wall, he could blow a hole in it.
'Nope, this is my house too now. You'd get your tower if you freed the genetically engineered super soldier. I helped you to get him, so half of the tower is mine,' Clint explained.
They talked about kids, families and other happy things for hours, until Steve reminded Tony that he had to get up early the next morning. They said their goodbyes and walked to the car.
Steve laughed. There was a slight blush on his face, or maybe that was the cold, Tony wasn’t sure. Steve stepped behind Tony and continued working like that, peeking over Tony’s shoulders, one arm on each side of the shorter man.
‘I thought such an amazing hero as Captain America could handle such a small job on his own,’ Tony bit back. ‘He really doesn’t need the help of some useless man like me.’
‘Looks and brains!’ Tony said with a grin on his face. ‘Yes, that’s my AI, and yes, he told me that there was someone in my living room eating my bananas. Which you should finish, you look like you could use some food. Speaking of food, Steve, can I call you Steve, I’m going to call you Steve. Steve, can you cook?’
Tony pushed a button. The closet opened and a human sized version of Iron Man stepped out. It walked around the room, did a few superhero poses, while several lights flickered and there were lasers coming out of his hands.
'You really used to drive a bike?' Tony asked. 'I thought the writers just wanted to make you look cool!'
'Good morning!' Steve said in a cheerful tone as he entered the kitchen. He dropped the things he was carrying on an empty chair and helped himself to breakfast, which he made himself about an hour ago.
Tony let his armor fold back into a suitcase and hurried after him. Now that Steve was so small it was easy to catch up. Tony shielded the other man from curious eyes of the agents. Once inside the room Steve dropped his shield and boots and undressed. He was obviously self-conscious, but Tony didn't turn away.
Tony played along and wrapped an arm around Steve, his hand resting on Steve's ass. 'Maybe I'll give it a try.'
Steve walked into a small street and pointed at a door to the right. There was a sign above the door, but nothing else indicated that there was a coffee shop in there. But the moment the door opened the smell of coffee and freshly baked pastries was overwhelming. There were about fifteen people in there and there was some chatter in the background, but it wasn’t loud. The tables weren’t so close to each other than you could hear everything the person at the next table said, and the soft music gave it all a relaxed atmosphere. Steve and James sat down at one of the tables in the corner and ordered coffee with the pastry of the day.
'Take this,' Tony said as he handed Steve a phone. 'Just in case. If you get lost we can contact you and it has a tracker, so we can find you.'
'Yes,' Steve said, a smile on his face. 'I've sent you an email with a few colour schemes that could work for kids, but also fit this project. I was hoping you could take a look at it and tell me which ones you like best.'
‘Me too,’ Tony answered. ‘Tell me if I go to fast, but maybe we could meet Sunday, for lunch or coffee or something? I know that’s in two days and it’s really soon, and I don’t want to sound desperate, but…’
Sam and Steve sat on the couch, not saying anything, not doing anything, just sitting. Sam had a bad day and Steve came over to help him through it. Days like this didn't happen often anymore, but when they did, sharing it with someone who understood was the best way to get through them. Steve found out that Sam just wanted to have him around. He didn't need to talk or do something, just sitting there was enough. For Steve it was the other way around. He wanted to be distracted. He needed someone to drag him outside and show him the good things.
‘No,’ Steve said with a grin on his face. ‘I knew from the beginning. The first time you did that to me I asked Natasha about it and she told me you never did that to anyone before. She asked Clint and I asked Sam, but it didn’t happen to them either. I guess Nat talked to Pepper. It was only when we asked Bruce that we found out that you don’t usually go around slapping people’s butts.’
'Well, this room is made for sex, we could just go for it,' Tony said as he touched Steve's legs, slowly moving his hand from the knee upwards.
‘Hey, I brought you coffee,’ Steve said as he handed Tony a cup before he sat down. ‘From the machine in the hallway. You sounded like you needed it. Is everything alright? Did I do something wrong? We’re not cancelling the project, are we?’
Steve swallowed heavily, looking away from the woman in front of him. 'My skills,' he answered softly. 'I had a customer who was into… rimming. I have done it before, but not often and he seemed.... unimpressed. I did satisfy him, in the end, but he didn't seem pleased. I felt bad about it. He paid for something I couldn't give him. I thought one not super happy customer was alright, but I still asked Cassandra and Julia for help. They taught me some tricks.'
‘You sprinted twenty-seven miles and when you arrived you cooked us dinner?’ Clint asked. ‘After twenty-seven steps I can’t even cook anymore.’
Pepper was the CEO of Stark Industries and she only attended the meeting because it was the first one and she didn't want Tony to screw up. Yeah, she was just babysitting him.
'So you admit that this is a ridiculous request?' Sam asked as he walked in again, with some grinded coffee in a cup.
'Your team?' Tony asked surprised. 'I thought Sam was leading the team? Doesn't matter, you can't run in those heels anyway.'
'I'd know,' Steve complained. 'Small Steve has asthma, heart problems, and a hundred other things. Tall Steve can jump out of helicopters, get smashed by giant robots and punch Hitler in the face.'
Steve turned around to see if he could help any of the others when he noticed his friend. Bucky was strolling through the gallery, looking at the paintings, probably searching for Steve. He was wearing his old coat, his favorite baseball  cap, and a pair of hundred year old jeans, as always. But he would dress up for the opening tonight. Steve approached him and wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
Steve sat down and started to take his make up off. 'You act like it's the first time. I had threesomes before. And this time I had Julia. Most of the time I have to please two guys on my own. Or a guy and a girl. You know I did this before I came here.'
In the hallway stood an enormous plush rabbit, holding a plush heart. Steve chuckled. It was ridiculous, but for once Tony had remembered their anniversary without Steve telling him about it. Well, 25 years was kind of special.
‘Did you really think you could just march into the apartment of the biggest tech guy in the country without setting off any alarms?’ Tony asked. ‘I have to say I admire your courage,  nobody else ever tried to get in here. I checked the cameras, you went through a lot of trouble for a guy who just wanted to eat bananas. You could have picked a grocery store, it’s a lot easier.’
‘Just wait and see!’ Clint grinned. He walked to the bridge, grabbed one of his arrows and shot it. It ended up stuck in the wall, just like the first one. For a few seconds nothing happened, but then it exploded. Clint ran to the bridge and felt the wall. There was another hole. He easily climbed through and stepped on the bridge. He stuck an arrow on both sides next to it.
'If I could get a cup of coffee, that would be great. Black, one sugar,' Tony smiled, before walking into the room that would serve as his office for the next hour. He sat down on the uncomfortable couch and got his laptop out of his bag. He had no conference call, but he did have a lot of other things to do. He had started with a script code for the new Stark phone, made some changes in the design of his latest series of laptops and read a report one of the main tech guys wrote about his idea on sustainable energy. Tony didn’t even notice someone had placed a cup of coffee on the table until he noticed his cup was empty.
He retired when he was seventy. Tony told him he could stay, but he wanted to move, to have more people his age around. Tony made sure he got into the best place he could wish for! They still visited him often and picked him up to eat with them at least once a week.
'Well, I know guys are forced to do this kind of job,' Tony explained. 'And all the security is not only to keep customers in check, but also to make sure none of you will try to run away.'
'Thanks again,' Tony said as he put the key in the lock and got inside. He took over the bags and said goodbye. When he closed the door he dropped his bags and sprinted to the window to see where the angelic man was going. Tony was very surprised when he went next door. This man wasn’t his neighbor. His neighbor was a friendly dark skinned man with a goatee almost as awesome as his own. Sam, his name was Sam. Tony would have remembered if this the beautiful blond had been part of the family. Tony watched him until the door closed and he instantly missed the sight.
'We have everything you need here,' Steve argued. 'I have to pack my things. By the time that's done it will be completely dark.'
‘It’s almost one in the morning,’ Steve said surprised when he checked his watch. ‘Guess it is time to go home.’
'You guys baked several things today and we'll judge you on all of them,' Buddy started. 'Steve, you easily won both challenges, you're safe.'
‘Never!’ James said before taking another bite. For a moment the two looked at each other and both started laughing. For a few minutes they could do nothing else but laugh. The whole army situation was forgotten. When they both caught their breath again all the awkwardness was gone and things turned out just as great as on their first date. They talked for hours and had two more coffees, before it was time to leave.
Tony sat up straight in his bed and looked around. His friends were out of town and no one else had access to his penthouse, let alone his bedroom. Within seconds one of his suits of armor flew into the room and folded itself securely around Tony’s body.
With that said Steve walked into his room and slammed the door behind him. He didn’t even know why he was so angry. He agreed to go on this date in Bucky’s place, he knew that one day Bucky would take over, or the contact with James would be broken off. Steve wanted to see James again, he wanted to go on another date, even though things were never going to work for them. Steve had lied about everything. If he ever tried to tell the truth James would think he was crazy.
‘Oh yes, very jealous,’ Steve answered as he wrapped one arm around Tony and let his hand rest on his ass.
'I want to talk to Steve before I go,' Tony said, giving the donuts to Happy, who put them in a box. The director walked away to find the baker. 'Happy, you can eat one, but just one!' Tony warned.
Steve bit his lip. His sad story wasn’t going to get him out of here. Stark looked very unimpressed. Not good. Maybe less honesty, more puppy eyes? He had done it before, he could do it again. They got him out of some nasty situations.
'Steve Rogers, and I'm hitchhiking, so I don't have a car. Not enough money for a car. All I have is a tent. It's big enough for two, if you want to stay with me. Might be a little bit more comfortable than sleeping in your car. We could try to fix it tomorrow.'
'Alright, listen up, we've finally got permission to work on Ronan's illegal prostitution network,' Nick Fury, head of one of the New York police departments, said. 'Our team will do the undercover part. Our job is to bring down the leaders, the pimps, not the prostitutes themselves. You have been researching this and you tracked people down. We know who we're looking for, but we have to catch them red handed.'
'Only to tease the hell out of you,' Sam joked. 'Now you two take your place. I'm going to make some photos of you. We'll put them on the special phones you'll get. They have a tracker and everything.'
'Yes,' Bucky grinned. 'If you accidentally call him by his real name, this whole case, and Scott himself, will be in danger.'
‘I like cars better than any kind of plane,’ Tony said. ‘But it’s hard to find a job with cars if you don’t want to just repair them or sell them. I picked a job with another one of my great loves. Jets are just amazing. It feels so free to fly, even when it’s your job.’
‘Yes,’ the archer said. ‘Just not with this many dogs and not such a big distance. But hey, these dogs are great! They will know what to do. It’s gonna be fun.’
‘I want to put my strength to good use,’ Steve shrugged. ‘And if I have to do it as a bodyguard, then so be it. I can’t stay here, you broke the barrier. It was there to keep us from aging. Now that it’s broken, I’d rather go and see something of the world instead of waiting here and grow old without ever meeting my one true love.’
Tony felt really nice and warm inside. This amazing guy wanted to see him again too. ‘Okay, great,’ he said, almost relieved. ‘See you Sunday then.’
Tony ran after his new friend and followed him to the pool. The pool itself wasn't heated, but there was a little hot tub right next to it. Big enough for about five people. Tony hurried to his car to get his own swimming trunks. He changed in a shower stall before he walked to the pool. Steve was already swimming around and Tony had to tear his eyes away from his naked chest. The man looked amazing.
‘You only like it because it was your teenage masturbation dream that suggested it,’ Clint said as he crossed his arms.
'I run and you'll follow?' Steve asked as he looked at the rope in his hands. 'Until you're in the air?'
'Cupcakes are very inconvenient to eat during a business meeting,' Tony said after he swallowed his bite. 'It's always a bit awkward to take a bite, because you don't want your nose covered in mocha cream. I'd eat this things on my own and then I don't mind colourful. They do taste very good though. Like coffee, but not in a way that makes your breath smell like coffee the next few hours. Really nice.'
Both bakers left and the director talked to his crew for a moment. When they decided they got everything they wanted, the director thanked Tony for joining their show and said that they were done for the day, he could go.
‘Oh, yes, about that,’ Tony started, suddenly not looking so happy anymore. ‘There is no ex-boyfriend. I felt really out of place and you didn’t look very comfortable either, so I had to come up with a reason to talk to you. I couldn’t think of any other reason than the ex, and the ex always works. It worked on you too! And we had fun, right?’
‘I made a hole it in, I think,’ Tony said as he walked closer again. He put his hand on the place that he hit, but there was no more resistance. He could move his arm through the hole. He felt around, to find out how big it was. He made himself as small as possible and he slowly crawled through. When he was on the other side he lifted his faceplate and grinned at Clint.
The construction didn't work. Tony tried to run down the hill, he tried jumping of a meter high wall, he tried jumping out of a tree, he tried everything, for hour and hours, but nothing worked. Once again they tried with Steve, but the wings were too heavy for him and he had a hard time lifting up his arms.
Steve laughed and it made Tony’s heart jump a little. Good to know that this man was not just hot, he was also kind of cute.
‘Tony, I don’t know what you’re thinking about, but the meeting ended five minutes ago,’ Pepper said, waking Tony from his daydreams. ‘I made notes of everything that was discussed. Please read through them and tell me if there is anything you don’t agree with. Also, this is not happening again. If you zone out again during the next meeting I will embarrass you in front of whoever of this group it is you’re having a crush on.’
Some of the guys followed the policewoman, some stayed behind. Steve elbowed Julia to make him go as well. The guy looked scared, but Steve smiled and whispered it was going to be alright. The moment they were out of the room, Steve stepped forward.
'Thanks,' Steve said as he took Tony's hand. Tony pulled him up he feet and wrapped two metallic arms around him, before taking off. He flew them to the Shield building and landed on the helicopter platform. Steve stumbled and almost tripped over his too big boots. He took them off and hurried to his room. He didn't want anyone to see him like this.
Sam was a nice guy. He invited Tony in almost all the time, even when he showed up with some ridiculous request. Tony started to pay for the pizza and even brought beer now and then, but he kept making up excuses to actually join the two friends. Renovations on his tower had ended a week ago, but Tony was not ready yet to move back. He was still on a mission.
'Fuck my life,' groaned the man. 'I'm broken down in the middle of fucking nowhere! No garage, no hotel, not a fucking thing around here!'
They finished their breakfast and Steve found his way to director Fury’s office. He knocked on the door before he walked in and took a seat across the one-eyed man. Fury was scribbling something down before he looked up at Steve.
They talked about what life was like in the twenty-first century and they showed Steve what phones looked like now and how they worked. Clint failed utterly as he tried to explain the internet, so Tony took over. They showed Steve a tablet an let him scroll through Tony's vacation pictures. It were pictures from all over the world, mostly showing impressive tech. Steve recognized some of the places, but most of the world had changed so much. He stopped at a picture with high buildings and a lot of lights. There were some yelled cabs, so Steve could guess where it was.
‘Nice to meet you, Steve. I think my friend is still fighting her. If Natasha is the fierce redhead we met on our way.’
'Do you want me to join you?' Steve  whispered to Julia. 'I don't mind, we get paid anyway. I think you can trust him.'
Steve followed him off the balcony and out of the room, breathing a sigh of relief. At least they weren't talking about sex toys anymore. Although it seemed kind of messed up that he'd prefer snipers over sex toys, really.
"And, lo and behold, there is Iron Man. He hasn't fought with us for six months, yet he showed up today."
Steve listened to Tony breathe for a while. If he stretched out his left arm he could touch him. Just the potential of the touch made his stomach swoop and his breath come faster. It was exhilarating and terrifying at the same time. God, this was getting totally out of hand. But he didn't have a clue about how to stop thinking about Tony this way. The more he tried not to, the more persistent it seemed to become.
"They're not even fighting,” Natasha continued, “They're going 'Why didn't you call me for six months?' 'Why didn't I call
"Captain America," Redditch said it oh so mildly and Steve wanted to strangle him. "You're here fast. No escort?"
“Not even close,” scoffed Tony. “You know very well the Stanes are next in line. But I’ll make sure I bequeath you the Carnaby china in my will, I’m sure that will make you happy.”
Later that night, after a successful defense and a properly lubricated dinner with all the scientific hotshots and well into a rousing party, Tony sought a small reprieve outside to catch his breath. The stone wall of the centuries old building they were in was pleasantly cool against his back and the sweat was cooling on his brow. He’d lost his bow tie ages ago, his shirt was half unbuttoned and the night air felt marvelous on his throat. He listened to the soft sounds of the canal water lapping against its brick sides a few yards away. A couple of laughing students on jangling bicycles took the corner with a blatant disregard for traffic rules. When they had gone, a soft voice said right beside his ear:
"Cover up and hold the flashlight. I'll carry this kid until he can walk. We need to get going. There is an entire group of people waiting in the dark for a back up generator that is never going to come online." Steve picked Josh up in a bridal hold and took the lead.
"Not today. We can fuck on the couch some other time. Right now I am going to make love to you on a bed. I am going to
Sailing a magic ship was a little boring, since there wasn't much to do and Tony found himself near the prow, leaning on the railing watching the smudge on the horizon that he assumed was their destination. The good news was that the Grail seemed to definitely be on this island and they wouldn't have to go island hopping along the Scottish coast. The way his heart was pounding in his chest right now even when he wasn't doing anything made it very doubtful he would survive that kind of extension of the trip. The bad news was that they still weren't a hundred percent sure the Grail would be their way home. Tony really didn't want to think about what would happen if it wasn't. He told himself firmly it was their best bet right now and he'd worry about other solutions when it was necessary. Not that there would many options for Tony at that point, but at least Steve would still have a shot and Tony would stick with him till the bitter end. And bitter it would be.
He looked around, looking for Tony among the crowd. It took a few minutes before he spotted him about halfway down the room. It looked like he was in a group of youngish wizards who were having fun making adjustments to one of the more over the top snow statues. Tony had his wand out and was spinning a snow halo over the sculpted locks of the tragic looking nymph, or whatever she was. She could be a historically famous witch, for all Steve knew of wizarding history. As always, he was struck by Tony’s graceful movements. The way he carried himself, the way he wove his spells, his brilliant mind and the sense of power that was barely contained by his physical body. The way he would laugh at Steve, his brown eyes warm and pleased. Steve was so gone on him.
Steve slid his thumbs across the bare sliver of skin above Tony’s waistband and watched him suck in a sharp breath. Heat pooled low in his belly.
Steve sucked in a quick breath when Tony dropped to his knees in front of him and when he took him into his mouth Steve gripped the countertop so hard, Tony expected the granite to dent. He couldn't remember ever having given a more gratifying blow job. Not only did Steve's dick feel as if it was made for his mouth, but every flick of Tony's tongue, every tease of the frenulum, every time he probed the slit, and every time he varied the suction, it was met with Steve's gasps and groans and aborted stutters of his hips. Tony had never been this turned on by
As he was staring at the flickering of the candle flame on the ceiling beams, it was hard to keep denying that he actually liked the straight laced dweeb. That he liked his dry humor and his unfaltering goodness. And the easy going smiles, that he used to disarm everyone around him, but that were hiding a core of steel, stubborn and unmovable. The muscles and the big blue eyes and the pouty lips didn't hurt either. He missed the motherfucker, to be honest. If there was anyone on the team Tony wanted with him in a castle full of witches in the fucking Middle Ages, it was Steve. Having only a local audience was okay, but ultimately unsatisfying.
“Come on, Steve. Don't shut me out again.” Tony wheedled and he tried to pull him back in again, but Steve wouldn't let him. God, he wanted to, he wanted to wrap himself all around the man, but he couldn't trust himself. He silently shook his head.
Tony considered answering ‘who?’ but decided he couldn’t be bothered to pretend he didn’t know who she was talking about.
The cat let out another stuttering purr as Tony dug his fingers into its fur. He made them unclench a bit.
She settled in beside him, gazing at the canal. She looked fresh as a daisy and her dress didn’t have a wrinkle on it. It wouldn’t dare.
“I’ve decided to turn myself in.” Steve sounded resigned, but determined. “I’m done running. I tried. But it wasn’t working anymore.”
The next day Steve was coming back from his second run, taking a moment to catch his breath so he could give the portrait of the Fat Lady the password into Gryffindor tower. He was about to speak when she was obscured by a very properly dressed house elf stepping in front of her. Steve didn’t recall ever seeing a house elf in clothes, let alone one as formally dressed as this. The Fat Lady gave an indignant little squawk, but the house elf ignored her and addressed Steve instead.
Great. Just fucking great. What the hell was he supposed to do with vague numbers like that? So there was no GPS and there were no phones and no showers and no first class flights. Then he cursed again when he realized coffee wouldn't be introduced on this continent until Columbus had gone and massacred a bunch of Indians in South America.
“A little too much, actually. Tell me, dear suit designer of the Avengers, how come it is just Widow and me in the skintight leather?”
“I freed them all after my parents died. They’re the ones that raised me, didn’t seem right to keep them enslaved. Thank Merlin most of them chose to stay on, anyway. I’m pretty sure I’d have fucked up completely if they hadn’t kept things running.”
After a few seconds, or hours, Steve gently cupped his head as he pulled out. He held on as he sank down onto his knees in front of Tony and looked him in the eyes.
Between the beer, though, and the floaty feeling that came with the darkness and the lateness of the hour, he couldn’t bring himself to worry too much about it. He just kind of sank into it, and judging by the lack of tension in Steve’s body, he was doing the same. It was the first time Tony didn’t feel like Steve was on the verge of being spooked. Still, he wasn’t going to break the comfortable silence.
"Because he likes you? That is generally why people send postcards and I don't get the impression he is all that deep."
“Yes, like that,” Steve answered too quickly. Tony wisely shut up as Steve started pulling him towards the exit. He couldn't help giving Natasha a little finger waggle wave and a shit eating grin as he passed her, though. He didn't know what he had won, but he could tell he had won
A couple of tentacles shot up from one of the squids that was already submerged and whipped around his ankles. It yanked him under water in the blink of an eye.
. Don't you? You do. Oh my god, you really do." He turned and addressed the workshop at large, spreading his arms. "Tony Stark has feelings! For Captain America!" He started laughing and looked back at Tony. "Never thought I'd see the day, man. This is precious. Does Pepper know?"
He guessed they were here to pick Steve up. Bring him into the fold immediately, that’s what he would do. God, he hoped Steve was ready for this.
Of course things weren't as simple as that. As they were riding out of the gate the next morning they were met by another hermit. Possibly the same one as yesterday, it was hard to tell with the bushy beards obscuring all facial features. He announced that Queen Guinevere had been abducted by Sir Melliagaunce who had long desired her and who had seen his chance during Lancelot's absence. Lancelot immediately turned his horse around and called for his squire to follow. Steve grabbed his arm and asked quietly:
"You don't think I can? Dude, I spent half my life inventing weapons, this is kindergarten level stuff."
think. They may be polite about it. They may not. I say we split this joint and go find some food that comes without the hassle. I am really not in the mood for this. Really, really not."
"That was it!" said Percival in the sudden silence. "That was the question we were supposed to ask. I
Steve was so overjoyed to see Tony waiting for him at the top that he forgot to back off when Tony went to hug him. Before he realized what was happening Tony's arms wrapped around him and he didn't have the will or the heart to break it off.
He located a photo of Captain America in his uniform. He'd seen it before, he remembered his father having this picture around, but now it struck him how the previously despised national symbol was so completely and utterly Steve, even under the mask. It wasn't even what he could see of Steve's face, although there was that edible bottom lip again, it was the way he stood, the look of fierce determination. When Tony caught himself smiling wistfully at that picture of Captain America, he realized he was utterly fucked.
“You're an actual Fae, or do they just call you that?” Tony asked, because that distinction was important. He was very careful not to show any pity. He could tell she would not take that well and he was familiar with that feeling, so he respected it.
or Extension Charm on them. And as literally everyone knew, thanks to a certain person, Steve didn’t have two galleons to rub together. Steve’s mom had been a muggle and there were no Gringott’s vaults left in his name. All he owned was provided by the school.
at Steve's dick. He'd had his hands on it this morning, and that had felt awesome, but he hadn't had a good gander at it yet. He dragged his mouth away from Steve's and started mouthing down his neck, while pushing him back towards the kitchen counter. Steve made a protesting little noise that turned into a groan when Tony latched onto his neck, his hands scrabbling along Tony's back. When they bumped into the counter, Tony slid his hands under Steve's tight T-shirt and rucked it up till it was under his armpits. He ran his hands over the warm, smooth skin covering the dips and planes of the hard edged muscles under it and the sensation of it went right to his cock. Already panting, he pushed himself away from Steve and looked. Steve was breathing hard too, looking a little lost, and the rapid rise and fall of his chest served to accentuate the picture of mussed perfection. Tony stepped in again and slid his hands under the waistband of Steve's sweats, on either side of his hips. He paused and flicked his eyes up to Steve's, silently asking for permission. Steve only breathed a little quicker, in apprehension or arousal, that wasn't clear, but that was good enough. He eased the sweats down over the tight globes of Steve's ass and then brought his hands to the front to free the straining erection from where the fabric had entangled it. Bless the man for going commando. He let the sweats sit at the top of Steve's thighs and looked at the man leaning on his kitchen counter. Clothes shoved up and down, out of the way, and naked from his nipples to his ass, Steve was possibly the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. The sculpted abs, the flaring shoulders, his white knuckled grip on the edge of the countertop, his kiss swollen lips, dilated pupils and his beautiful cock straining up towards his belly... What made even better was that, unlike many of the men he'd been with before, Steve wasn't even trying to show off what he had. Instead he showed a devastatingly endearing mix of feeling discomfort at being on display and being aroused, possibly by the same things that were making him uncomfortable. It was a heady mix and Tony wanted to devour him.
Steve knew in his bones that being Tony Stark’s big fat middle finger to anything was going to be a risky undertaking, one that was likely to backfire in spectacular ways. But he’d be lying to himself if the idea of annoying a bunch of stuck up purebloods wasn’t appealing. And to be wanted by Tony Stark, even if it was only for this, was appealing too.
"Sir Stephen, you must make haste and continue your journey to Castle Corbenic. Your traveling companions have not managed to lift the curse on this land, and you are much needed." She gestured around her, and in the light of day it was obvious something was wrong here. The grass was dead as far as the eyes could see and there was no sign of life. It was eerily silent, just the wind rustling in the grass, and the waves crashing in the distance with not even the cries of seagulls to break the monotony.
"Tonight. At the masked ball." Tony sounded a little tense. "Which means you should let me get on with this."
“Yeah,” Clint contributed from the kitchen. “Last time I used your shit, you put hairdye in my shampoo.”
“I’m going to leave the top a little longer, but the back and the sides are going to need to be short, because you have some nasty tangles there.”
"So," he started. As much to delay that inevitable first bite as from desire to start that discussion. "Now that my Snow White theory has been disproved, getting out of here is going to prove more complicated than I'd hoped."
"Do with it what you will, Sir Gaheris. Leave it here or drag it along to the village. Surely they will be delighted to feast on the monster that has caused them so much grief. Would it not spoil before we got to Camelot?" He looked over his shoulder at Gaheris, who regarded him as if he was feeble minded.
"Okay, let's find out what happened here. Tether the horses and, Sir Gareth and Sir Dinadan, carry Galahad's litter. We can't leave him until we know more." The boy still lived, but his fever hadn't abated.
She peered at him over her glasses. "If he chooses to do so, Mr Stark. We cannot in good conscience argue for his emancipation and then force him to work for SHIELD. He will be free to do what he wants. He can enlist again, if that is what he wants."
Steve follows his gaze to the dead screen. It broke last year, and he hasn't gotten around to getting a new one. Or, more accurately, the idea of getting a new one had paralyzed him.
Tony was sure his AI was sulking extra because he was missing his more extensive powers back home and his data banks. So was Tony, actually.
“Great, we’ll start tomorrow. Now we gotta go eat. Compulsion’s calling. Merlin’s balls, did you come through the wall?!” He surveyed the damage Steve had done going in.
They got into position. Steve held out his left hand and Tony draped his right hand over it. Tony's other hand rested on his shoulder and Steve got to rest his on Tony's waist and that was nice. The Quickstep was a fairly lively affair with a simple base step they learned to add some variations to. Initially it was a bit confusing with the steps and the rhythm, but it got a little better when JARVIS offered to keep count. JARVIS kept on a steady drone of 'slow, quick, quick' while Steve kept looking down at his feet to make sure he wasn't stepping on Tony's toes.
Tony drops heavily into his chair and picks up the dropped fork. Then he leans into Steve's space and looks at him beseechingly.
the paparazzi involved. Besides, the government has multiple agencies funded by my tax dollars that employ people specifically trained for this kind of work!”
The hermit started orating about the Old Religion and the New Religion and the serpent representing the Old Religion and about how the lady in black had apparently been the devil and Tony tuned him out before he'd said more than five sentences. He looked sideways at Steve, who was listening with more or less rapt attention. It was hard to believe the man had kissed him yesterday. Twice. And that it was the second kiss, and not the first, that had him feeling off-kilter today. The first one was easy, that one had been lust, pure and simple, nothing wrong with that. Beautiful, wet, naked man in a river, who would pass up
But he hadn’t seen Steve in months. Rhodey kept him informed, of course, and he was optimistic. Still, the small part of his brain that was convinced Steve was about to be sentenced to death just wouldn’t shut up.
"And gave him a plane ticket to Europe? That doesn't make any sense." Tony was shaken, though. He hadn't even considered that Steve might be sick, let alone with the gay plague. Okay, it wasn't just the gay plague anymore, that had been debunked several years ago, but AIDS was very prevalent among the junkies and the prostitutes and the homeless.
Tony spent all day Monday in the faculty building, fine tuning his designs and calculations with the Lotus 1-2-3 results he’d brought from home on a floppy. The main body of his thesis work was already done, but everything needed to be checked and double checked before he could finish writing up the results. He argued with Yinsen for a bit and came away with another set of control parameters that he was eager to test. Fortunately, he happened to look at the clock around 5.30 pm and made it back to town just in time to buy a dishpan, tuna, and actual cat food. At the last minute -the cashier was already glaring at him in the otherwise empty store- he decided to add cat litter. If he was going to wait for Steve before he went cat hunting again, he was going to need something more odor absorbing than inferior scientific articles.
The first year he stayed in one of the soulless student housing blocks way on the outskirts of town. The second year he managed to score a much coveted entry level room in one of the student community apartments on a canal in the center. He happened to be on hand at an ‘instemming’ where a group of applicants for the room were vetted by the current residents, when the coffee machine broke. Tony had it fixed in two minutes flat and that, according to Clint and Thor, was good enough for them. Natasha objected for a bit, because she wanted to hold out for another girl, but since this was Delft and everyone attended the Technical University, boys outnumbered girls 20 to 1 anywhere you went. In Tony’s freshman year in Electrical Engineering there had actually been 2 girls to 400 guys and this freshman year there were none, but the faculties for Architecture and Industrial Design helped to unskew the numbers a bit. Clint argued that she hadn’t ever liked any of the girls that showed up for these things and Bruce had gently agreed and that had been that and Tony was in.
, Captain Fucktoy, we are supposed to be a gay couple," Tony hissed furiously. "And a gay couple that looks like us would not be clutching their pearls at the mention of a little kinky sex. You are
He went back down the hill and got to work. He hadn't been able to commission suitable containers yet, but he was sure their food bowls would work in a pinch. The sulfur, saltpeter and charcoal were laid out around him when a knight came riding into the clearing. He threw a cursory look Tony's way, and made to ride on, but then abruptly changed his mind. Wheeling his horse around, he came straight at Tony, who had to get up and stop him from destroying his supplies.
The generator roars to life at 5 pm. Steve jerks out of the chair where he's been reading for the past hour. It takes a minute for his heartbeat to come back down to normal. Before it is all the way there, the screaming guitar music starts back up and causes another uptick. Steve tries to settle back down and tells himself Goat Man needs the generator to run his fans, that otherwise he might suffocate in that trailer, but it is no use. The idea of having to listen to this racket for the next seven or eight hours is going to give him a migraine. He dithers for bit. He is going to say something, he's not going to say anything, he is, he isn't. Then the music gets louder and that decides it. Enough is enough.
"Honey, if I want to see you in racing leathers with my name all over you I'll have them made in your size. It's the combination of the ripped leather with the cheap suit under it that makes it tacky." He sighed dramatically. "Just go. Shoo."
"Whoa! Whoa! Not so fast! I want to enjoy this!" Tony pushed himself up on his elbows to get a better look and Steve felt his face grow hot. His dick was fine with Tony's intense scrutiny, though. Never better.
"You can not break your word and forfeit one quest in favor of another, Sir Gawaine. You can go look for this Grail, but you can not swear that you will complete the quest. When the time comes to meet the Green Knight, you must abandon your search and fulfill your word." Gawaine turned to smirk at his brother and for a moment Steve thought he might stick out his tongue at him. Arthur looked up and noticed the newcomers by the door. He hailed the men gathered there.
"No shit," commiserated Sam. "I go along with the stupidest plans from that guy. Somehow they always work out, though. So did this one. Gotta say the place is beginning to look a lot like Christmas."
“I can relate to that. Any reason you couldn't do that while I was awake? So I'd get to see you in return?”
He settled into a sort of a routine. He'd ride a few hours, pretty much randomly, unless something on the road signs caught his attention. Then there were short bursts of purpose and he'd go see Mount Rushmore or Niagara Falls. He found that he liked riding at night, the quiet making him feel more peaceful. He visited random people who had written to him and either basked in the adoration of eight year old boys and their beaming mothers, or chewed the fat with people of his own generation. He ate in diners whenever possible, avoiding those nasty fast food places, and slept in motels or in the grass next to his bike when he couldn't find one. He realized he had seen more of Europe than he had seen of the US before this trip, but he was certainly getting to know it now.
. He'd said too much and it was either slap Tony or kiss him. For a second he was afraid Tony would push him away and yell at him, but instead Tony grabbed his hair and tilted his head for a better fit and then Tony's tongue was in his mouth and he stopped thinking altogether. It was like all his nerve endings had suddenly come alive every place where Tony pressed into him. He felt so solid and warm under Steve's hands, which had wandered to Tony's back, sliding all the way down to the swell of Tony's ass. The way Tony was pulling on his hair made his knees weak, and the way Tony's tongue felt curled around his own was beyond words. He moaned and Tony tugged his hair a little harder in response.
Tony went to see his aunt Peggy in a nursing home somewhere on the Eastern Seaboard. Pepper didn't understand why he needed to bring his bodyguard along on that particular trip and insinuated that surely he could keep it in his pants for a day or two while visiting his father's elderly friend with Alzheimer’s, but fortunately she insinuated it in such a classy way that Steve still didn’t realize that she thought Tony was fucking him.
Tony was starting to have a bad feeling about this and now he wished they had suggested an alternate location for this meeting, somewhere a lot less dark. He looked at Steve, who was also frowning as if he thought something wasn't adding up. Abdel was taking a long time in trying to formulate what he was going to say, and Tony was getting irritated.
“Yeah. Yes. Let's do it.” Stark seemed a little reluctant to step back, but then placed his hand on the small of Steve's back to steer him out of the hallway. The warmth of it was distracting and Stark didn't take his hand away even when they turned into the main corridor. Steve had absolutely no problems being completely focused on Stark after that and it was fairly easy to match his steps to Stark's to keep that hand in place. Couples were displaying affection everywhere he could see on this ship, in ways that would have been unthinkable in the forties, but that didn't stop him from feeling a little short on oxygen all the way there.
The mob stopped pushing forward and people started turning towards the sound. Steve took the opportunity to shove his way through them. He heard Percival bellow:
"Who is Antonio?" Tony asked as Steve jogged off to retrieve his com unit, but Steve didn't answer. "Who the
Steve was making his way up the outside of the ship at a good clip, when Black Widow's voice came through the communicator.
"Listen. I am sorry if we forced you into this. I know you said you preferred being alone. We should have -"
“I bet. Remember Bruce said the same thing. When he wasn’t throwing plates because everything annoyed him.”
“That’s life for you. An infinite variety of ways to fuck things up.” Tony yawned again. “I think I need to go to bed before I fall asleep here and fuck up my neck and back.” Steve made to sit up with alacrity, but Tony put his hand on his arm and stopped him.
Sam looked dubious. "I don't know man, they're working pretty good right now, I'm not sure I want you to mess with them. They're a bit delicate."
“Of course. I love angry sex. Don't tell me you didn't imagine bending me over the kitchen counter and shoving your dick up my ass when you were yelling at me just now.”
“I am going to sleep in Bruce’s bed. He went to Leiden for the weekend. You take my bed.” He’d just wash both sets of sheets tomorrow.
"I am Jewish," came a voice from behind Tony. "I don't eat kosher or anything, but I'd prefer Prime Rib if we're doing a second protein." Tony whirled around and watched Clint Barton stroll into his kitchen in lounge pants and a ratty t-shirt, towel drying his hair as he went.
"I will bring all the others with me when I go and take my brother's throne. I am sure I can find a them a position in my army." And with that she turned on her heel and walked off, followed by Accolon. Mordred lingered a moment and smirked at Tony. Then he whispered: "Not so strong without your armor, are you? Better stick close to your friend now." Then he turned and made haste to catch up with Morgaine.
Steve hit the stone again, which resulted in more shrieking and more cracks. His smile looked strangely fond, though, which made no sense.
"Not that you're not attractive. You are, in a vaguely creepy sugar daddy kind of way. Better now that you aren't gray anymore, what were you
In retrospect, Tony could think of roughly four billion people on the planet who would have been better qualified to bring Steve Rogers into the twenty first century. Give or take a billion. Unfortunately for Steve, Tony was who he got. The problem was that Tony was used to going off on tangents, he had his best ideas that way, but it didn't make a very good method of teaching history. He went from WWII to Vietnam to Woodstock to Watergate to All The President's Men to Marilyn Monroe to the Kennedy assassination to Reagan to Iran Contra to Al Qaida to TSA to bird flu and swine flu and AIDS and vaccinations and Disneyland and Martin Luther King and DADT and the internet and school shootings and the end result was that Steve got completely confused and overwhelmed. Eventually Tony gave up trying to start over to fix it. Then he just ordered pizza and collapsed on the couch next to Steve.
Tony looked around him, to check the witnesses. Hulk was stomping cars, halfway down the street, but Thor was beaming at him and sticking two thumbs up, like Tony had just accomplished something great. Clearly, the world had gone mad only
He thought he might have seen a little wiggle of the helmet, but he wasn't sure. Percival shuffled through the door behind him, equal parts of confusion and 'we're not really consorting with witches, are we?' on his face. Steve ignored his pleading looks. 'Please don't be dead, please don't be dead' was running on an endless loop through his head. He tried again, more urgently.
“I don’t, really.” Tony took another swig and leaned his head back. “But I don’t really need to know, if you’d rather not say. Whatever you’re referring to, it hasn't been a hardship.”
"Fuck, Steve!" Tony sucked the finger he'd jerked against the soldering iron. "Your pick up lines need some serious work. That was pathetic."
"What is wrong with the back of a car?" It was Steve's turn to whine. "Lots of people lose their virginity in the back of a car."
Tony nodded earnestly at Morgaine. She looked back at them, thoughtful. She looked at Tony, then Steve, then back at Tony. Then she said: "Fine. I see how it is." And Tony wondered what exactly it was that she saw, but he was relieved enough at her dropping the argument that he did not dare ask the question and risk starting it back up. Whatever she thought she understood was fine with Tony.
Tony snorted, but put on the jumper anyway. He slid his hands down his sides, smoothing out the soft wool. It fit him perfectly.
That was news to Steve. But since it seemed to pacify Percival somewhat, he didn't argue. The important thing now was to get Tony out of the open, into the castle and out of the armor. He followed Elaine through the gate.
“Come here, I'll do it.” He'd said it before he'd thought it through. And he should have thought it through, because the next thing he knew was that Tony was standing less than two feet away from him, handing him back the soap. Steve imagined he could feel the heat of his body across the gap. He forced himself to focus on the soap. Putting all his effort into it, he had worked up a good lather in no time. Then he stood there a little helplessly, his hands full off foam and a bar of soap in his left, wondering how he was going to avoid...
to fly. What good are rubber tires when you’re in the air? Why have an exhaust pipe if you’re not using gasoline? It’s lazy, ugly magic, that only appeals to people that want to look like muggles.”
"Okay. Let me rephrase the question. When is the last time you were even mildly emotionally invested in Christmas?"
“I came outside of my pants, but all over my dress shirt. And you came over my shirt too!” The two streaks of come were clearly distinguishable. By the looks of one of them, Tony was lucky his chin wasn’t covered in spunk. Grumbling, he started to unbutton the thing. Good thing he had common sense, unlike Steve and was wearing an undershirt in February. He cast a look aside and saw Steve smirk at him while pulling up his own pants. His shirt was still hanging open, with his mangled tie tossed over his shoulder and he had come on his chest from where he had fallen on top of Tony. It made him look like a wet dream, as far as Tony was concerned. He pulled his shirt off and balled it up to wipe Steve’s chest with it, muttering as he slapped Steve’s hands away from trying to do up his buttons before he was clean. Or cleanish, because they weren’t going to get anywhere close to what Tony considered clean. He frowned at the remnants of what was once a very expensive dress shirt.
Steve sprinted over and pulled Galahad aside before yanking the boy's spear loose and aiming it at the hog's heart. After the thrust silence descended over the clearing. He straightened up, wiping his forehead and willing his adrenaline fueled breaths to even out. Raising his eyes he met the gaze of the other four men who were staring at him in shock. Right. That had probably been a bit much with the displays of super human strength and speed. He swallowed.
Tony looked at him as he pushed the heavy wooden door open and searched by feel for the hall light switch. Not a junkie. But lost in some way.
"I will be here to pick you up for the board meeting at 4," she said pointedly. "I would appreciate it if you were dressed at the time. Mr. Stark." Tony grimaced. She allowed herself a tiny smirk and with that she headed for the door. He didn't dare relax yet. And indeed, she turned just before she exited.
"This is really very undignified, you pulling me like I am three years old. Why am I on the ice, Cap? I was perfectly happy as a landlubber."
"Nah, thanks. I think I want to spend some time in the city. I haven't done Christmas here in decades.” He smiled wryly. “I'd like to see how she does it these days. If that's okay with you, Stark?"
"Cat's out of the bag, I figured," shrugged Steve. "The internet will have figured it out by now, right?"
Tony dropped his head onto Steve's shoulder with a sigh. "Steeeeeeve," he whined, "I'm bored. Can we go yet?"
"I think moving on always feels like betrayal on some level. Everybody who grieves feels that way at some point, Steve. It's actually a good sign, I think. A sign that you are, in fact, letting go and starting anew. It's a good time of year for that."
Steve was the first one to come back to the tower. It was December 12th, or at least, that was when Tony noticed, as he schlepped himself into the communal kitchen for a 3 am breakfast that was not liquid. Steve could have been there for a couple of days already, as far as Tony knew, the last 72 hours were a bit of a blur, to be honest. Steve wasn't alone. He and a dude that Tony could only assume to be Falcon, judging by the wings he was sporting, were bent over a bunch of papers and in the middle of a heated discussion. Tony blinked in confusion. The hell was Steve doing here? S.H.I.E.LD. was dead. Steve had killed S.H.I.E.L.D. last summer. Didn't that mean the Avengers were dead too? Despite the apartments Tony had had built for them in the tower back in happier days, Bruce was the only one that used his.
“Jesus, Tony…” Steve’s voice broke and Tony knew how he felt, because he felt the same. This was… them together. It was overwhelming. He curled up a bit more and bit Steve’s shoulder, a bit harder than he meant to. Steve cursed and lifted his arm again and closed his hand around Tony’s fist, kicking up the pressure and the tempo. Tony fell back on the seat with a gasp and the next moment Steve’s mouth was on his and Tony came so hard his vision blurred. Steve followed about three strokes later, just when things were starting to get painful for Tony’s oversensitive dick, and then he collapsed on top of Tony and Tony had to fight for breath. He shoved Steve over towards the seat back, which barely left any space for himself, but Steve had his arms securely wrapped around him, so he wasn’t going anywhere while he closed his eyes and slowly came back to earth.
Because if Tony found out, it would ruin everything. Steve didn't even know if they could remain on the team together with something like that hanging between them, it would be too awkward and uncomfortable, not to mention painful. Steve had no illusions about how painful it would be for him. He knew that, after the awkward and uncomfortable phase, or even to try and lighten that awkward phase, Tony would not be able to help cracking jokes about what had gone on in Steve's head. Because in the 21st century, and especially in Tony's 21st century, dirty sex was something you could joke about. And Steve would live in eternal mortification.
He didn’t have to wait long. When he heard the key in the lock he suddenly felt sick to his stomach. What the hell was he going to say? There probably weren’t a lot of precedents. He stood up and wiped his hands on his jeans.
Tony gritted his teeth and gave him a stiff nod. Then he stalked off towards the exit. Steve didn’t even look up. He made his way through the grey hallways feeling as if he was walking under water, his vision blurry and the echo of his footsteps muffled. He ignored the one reporter who was trying to follow him, asking questions that he couldn’t hear either and the man fell back before Tony had reached the door.
Good. This meant he was back to suffering from a case of good old fashioned lust. Which was a relief, honestly, wanting to make cow eyes at Steve in the moonlight last night had been hugely uncomfortable. This was more familiar territory, if a little inconvenient and distracting when chasing down evil doers. He looked up at the man striding next to him and when he caught Steve's eye, they both smiled. Tony's mouth went a little dry. Really fucking inconvenient and distracting, but what were you going to do? Besides the obvious. Which wasn't going to happen.
“Where?” he asked, not looking around at all. Tony fished a pair sunglasses out of his pocket and plopped them on Steve's nose. Hands going right back to where they had been, though, brushing lightly up and down Steve's sides.
Gawaine wasn't taking the lecture well. "I need to do no penance," he retorted, "We knights often suffer great woe and pain in the course of our duties. That should suffice. If you wish you can consider my escorting these ladies to the convent as my penance, but I will do no more. And as for finding the Grail, it's really not that special anyway." He turned to Steve. “We need another escort, now that Lancelot has left.”
Tony didn’t miss the little tremor that went through Steve as he was talking, though, and he started pushing him up the stairs. Doesn’t matter, his ass. Steve’s boots squelched on the steps and he was leaving a trail of water behind. Jesus fucking Christ. This was so not okay. He pushed Steve into the kitchen, even though the man tried to back out when he found four people there, who were staring at them with various degrees of shock on their face. Tony glared at them in warning behind Steve’s back and, of course, Natasha was the first to recover. She grabbed a clean dish towel from the drawer and tossed it to Steve. He awkwardly started wiping at his face with it. It gave Tony a chance to talk.
Then he loses it. Sagging with his back against the door, his pants around his thighs, he curls into his knees and feels hot tears spilling over. Like a dam crumbling, there is no stopping it. Great wracking sobs force themselves out of his throat as it hits him. Mom is dead. Bucky is dead. His life is empty. So fucking, fucking
Four of the women wanted to go home. All of them would get to take a sizable share of the seven brothers' ill gotten gains. Maybe it would be enough to convince their families to take them back. Steve could only hope. Lady Eloise would contact their families so they could send an escort.
“Twilight is a most popular tale among the people of Midgard!” Thor defended himself. He looked at Natasha for support. “It has mighty wolf men warriors and dazzling undead! It has epic battles and....”, but Natasha wasn't listening, her focus on Tony.
"I know you want to help him," Bruce continued, "but I think the best thing you can do right now is let him be for a bit. Have J.A.R.V.I.S. help you monitor any tracks he leaves and be ready when he pops back up among the living."
After several twists and turns that Steve was sure brought them back to the original corridor that led to the gate, he broke the silence. "Tell me what happened."
“What the hell?!” Steve was appalled. He popped back onto one elbow and looked down at Tony who stared back, obviously surprised at his sudden outburst.
“If I let you walk in there next week, without the best lawyer my money can buy, and you end up imprisoned for decades... Or worse…” Tony bit back the sound that wanted to escape at that thought. “Because… because your assigned lawyer did a shitty job? God, Steve, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.”
"We can skip the candles. And tomorrow you can have your slutty way with me over the workbench, I promise." Steve kissed him to seal the promise and that kiss did promise all kind of filthy things, so Tony felt slightly mollified.
"No." Goat Man seems to suddenly have made up his mind. "No, soldier boy, you made me an offer I can't refuse. Best offer I've had in years. Gimme a sec, I'll grab the laundry."
Tony smiles. A big smile, that shows the kind of teeth that are the product of a lifetime of expensive dental work. And it transforms his face. For a moment all the jagged edges dissolve and the man looking back at Steve resembles a mischievous boy more than anything. One that is utterly pleased with himself for having gotten Steve to pander to his whims. He has the indelible impression that Tony loves being pandered to, and that seems odd for a goat herd, but he is too busy staring at the way Tony's eyes sparkle to follow that line of thought. Then Tony looks down at his feet, breaking the moment and leaving Steve a little stunned and with the uncomfortable feeling that someone has just jammed a small fishhook under his diaphragm.
“Honestly, Tony. You're running out of time. Just because I broke up with you, doesn't mean I am not still your CEO. I expect you back here in two months with Steve and that orb, or there will be dire consequences. I mean it!” She even stamped her foot. The tingling was spreading to Tony's legs and his anger was replaced by apprehension. He hated going blindly into the unknown. He hoped to god there weren't going to be any Chitauri ships waiting for him wherever the hell he was going.
With every joke Tony would crack, Steve's heart would crack a little too. Despite the depraved things he apparently wanted to do to Tony -and his mind was still reeling from the realization that those were things he wanted- Steve knew it had been the 'mine, mine,
Steve laughed now. “Yes, I am sure I do too. They're not that subtle about letting me know either. Times have really changed that way.” Tony looked at him appreciatively.
reboot his life. For the first time in a long time he was kind of looking forward to what was to come.
Tony looked at him for a moment, hesitating. He didn’t know this guy, but then again. This was Steve’s oldest friend. How untrustworthy could he be? And then he realized that the likelihood of Steve sticking around would be much greater if Bucky was working for Tony too. And he kind of liked the guy.
Gawaine merely grinned at him. "Why, has it been that long already? Can't wait to be rid of me again? Surely I have time for a little side trip." He turned to the king. "What do you say, Sire?" Arthur regarded both brothers.
"Alright. I'll head back east." As if he had a choice. But he realized she was right, actually. The time had come to head back and face the music.
As he let go of the door it closed with a thud that he refused to think of as a tomb closing. Now that the sound of the rain was shut out, he could hear other sounds. There were whispers in the air and a scuffle could be heard from somewhere. Despite the sanctuary lamp the place was decidedly gloomy and it took his eyes a while to adjust. He had to give it to the person who came in here every few days to refill that lamp, though, Tony wasn't sure he'd have had the guts.
Steve pulled in a deep breath and let it out. Then he shoved a foot in a boot and started aggressively lacing it up.
Steve shrugged out of the mail and tossed it onto a corner of the bed. He took off the gambeson too, because it always smelled like something died in it. It felt nice to be in just his shirtsleeves but he was acutely aware of the scent of sweat emanating from the crumpled blue garment. Not much time for laundry in the last few days.
“A big one. Don’t make the fucking bed creak all night again, Tony. Remember I am on the other side of that wall. I gotta check in on my experiments early in the morning.”
In the end Steve ripped the sleeves out of Tony's racing leathers and tore it in a few more places so it would keep his larger frame at least partially covered. Wearing the armor in his spunk covered underwear wasn't exactly comfortable, but Tony doubted he would find a sympathetic ear in Steve if he complained, so he suffered stoically as they tried to find the best way for Steve and the shield to hitch a ride long term. Obviously the next redesign was going to need some unobtrusive foot and hand holds as well that wouldn't spoil the line of his suit. Or the aerodynamic qualities. Maybe he could squeeze in a decent uniform for Steve too. Something bulletproof, yet flexible enough to allow Steve to fully employ that deadly grace. Maybe that should have the priority over the armor redesign, actually, since Steve would be around a lot longer to enjoy it. He shook his head to banish that morbid line of thought.
The reports came within an hour. Good old Bell had belatedly found some motivation. Unsurprisingly, most of the pages were censored to hell and back and what was left barely made sense. However, a page to page comparison between the different years made it obvious that momentous things had happened in the expedition before last, judging solely by the extra number of whited out pages. Funny how the one bit of information that the expedition sponsors were sponsoring the expedition for wasn't reported back to them and, come to think of it, funny how nobody seemed to have had any qualms about accepting money for another expedition the year after Steve had been defrosted. Tony wasn't sure if it had been Steve or his superiors that had insisted on keeping his identity a secret, although it didn't seem like a thing that Steve would choose to do, but Tony was going to be damned if he was going to keep funding an annual frolic in the snow just because somebody had decided secrecy was the way to go. Fuck that shit. He wondered how they would react if he sent them a bill for a refund on that latest expedition and have it say 'due to the recovery of Captain America in the previous year', and address it to an underling. He got an evil sense of satisfaction out of imagining all the flailing attempts at cover ups that would result. He had JARVIS put it on the to do list.
Tony was curled up in the fetal position with his hands clasped around his head and his clothes in shreds. Lacerations covered his arms. It was a miracle he hadn’t been crushed by the thing. Steve quickly levitated the machine off Tony, but that obviously didn’t faze it. The little spokes became paddle shaped, which were very effective at displacing air and it started working its way back down again, roaring in frustration. Keeping it in the air was a struggle and keeping it back away from himself was too. Sweat broke on his forehead. Suddenly the thing reversed direction and crashed through the asteroids, which exploded in all directions at once, leaving trails of destruction in their wake as glass tubes shattered and screens cracked and metal struck sparks off the stone that ignited the smoke from one of the cauldrons. One chunk flew right by Steve’s head and he had to dodge, temporarily losing control over the motorcycle that promptly came roaring back at him. He was trying to decide whether a P
“The latter,” said Tony, placing his hands on Steve’s hips, “definitely the latter.” He reached up and kissed him again. Steve pulled back reluctantly after several seconds.
Steve was the first to alight from his horse and Percival was close behind. Tony sighed and followed much slower. He wondered if Steve's super hearing could hear Tony's bones creak, because it sure felt like he should be able to. Fabulous polo player that he was, it had been at least a decade since he had spent more than a few hours on a horse and apparently he wasn't twenty anymore. They tied the horses to the gate and Steve and Percival got their weapons ready. The last thing Tony wanted to do was to go in there and find out what made this place so unnerving.
“At 10 o'clock. Middle Eastern dude. Has been watching both of us rather intently for the last 20 minutes or so.”
“I see.” Nothing changed in the elf’s expression but Steve could have sworn Jarvis was surprised. It made him a tad uneasy.
"'Fraid not," laughed Sam. "You'll have to put in your dues like all of us. Although if you want to give us the first cookie you earn, Bruce and I would be most grateful."
Seconds ticked by, each one lasting an eternity. When the explosion finally hit he wanted to weep for joy. A few shards of rock flew by his head, but as soon as he deemed the coast clear he jumped up to view his handiwork. It was beyond satisfying. A thick cloud of the yellow smoke was being forcibly pulled out of the hole he had blasted in the rock, meaning fresh air was right now being pulled in through the manhole. It should be enough to break the hold of the drug on Steve's mind. He prayed it would be enough.
“Lady Morgaine. Are you having trouble with the Eye of Sauron?” She had made exponential progress in the time she'd been in the castle (all while running his household with an iron fist), and had rapidly become proficient at lighting up entire rooms. So they'd moved on to shapes. Tony was particularly proud of the Eye of Sauron he helped her create. He knew for a fact that Steve had seen and liked those movies, because he was a total Tolkien nut. Having that thing on top of a tower would be like a homing beacon.
Gwenna's bark breaks into his thoughts. It's coming from the back yard, that she has access to through the doggy door. She barks rarely enough that Steve makes haste getting into and through his mom's house. He didn't lock the sliding doors and he tells himself he needs to be more careful. When he steps into the back yard, the old girl is standing by the waist high chicken wire fence, barking at a... goat. A big brown goat that is ignoring her, while trying to get to the leaves of the Mexican sage that is planted all along the fence. Steve stares at the goat. Did the trailer vagrant bring a pet? His livestock? He hears bleating, but from further away and when he looks up from the brown goat, the nearest hillside turns out to be awash in goats. Big ones, little ones, brown ones, black ones, spotted ones. There's a makeshift orange plastic fence confining them to the one side of the hill and all except the one trying to denude Steve's mom's sage are happily munching away at the dry grasses. Steve can't imagine somebody has had the audacity to set up an illegal goat farm behind his mom's house, so he wonders what the hell is going on. The goats can't answer him, though, so he goes back inside to make himself and Gwenna some food.
It's wrong, he knows it's wrong. This is not what he should be focusing on. He is damaged goods, he knows that, and sex with random strangers is not a coping mechanism he should be latching on to. His mother wouldn't approve and his therapist wouldn't approve. His mom is dead, though, and that thought hurts, but not as badly as he expects it to, and he hasn't been to see his therapist in a over a year. He's gotta stop thinking about sex with Tony, it's going to backfire and end in disaster and Steve knows he doesn't have the ability to deal with that right now. The way he lost it last night is ample proof of that. He's surprised Tony has even let himself be bribed to be in Steve's company again today by a simple casserole and a shower. Not that he minds very much that Tony is apparently that easy. Steve is wishing things were easy for him too.
Then followed group of Ministry officials and there was no opportunity to ask Tony what that had been all about. He had an inkling he maybe, possibly wasn’t going to like it, though.
"Aw, come on, Tony. It could be worse. I could hold you up with my arm around your waist." Steve waggled his eyebrows at Tony and Tony was rendered speechless for a moment. Where was the dour Capsicle they all knew and loved? Who was this impostor that called him by his first name and smiled and cracked jokes? With innuendo, for crying out loud!
Steve tears his eyes away from Tony's crotch and leans a little left to try and look around him at the screen. He tries, but it's like he’s never seen baseball before in his life, it's incomprehensible what's happening on the screen. But he stares at it as best it he can because it's what Tony wants him to do. He's having trouble remembering to breathe though when Tony leans closer and when Steve feels his fingers undoing the button of his khakis, he can't help the small gasp that escapes him. He fights to keep his eyes on the screen as Tony trails his fingers over the bulge in his boxer briefs, his hips bucking up to get more friction.
But Steve already had his wand out, cleaning the wound first with a disinfecting charm and then he carefully tracing it with the tip of his wand as he encouraged the edges to knit themselves together. It was delicate work that required a lot of concentration if you didn’t want to leave a scar in the wand’s wake. He’d practiced plenty on Bucky before, but he’d always thought that a bit of scarring would serve that guy right, with all the stupid shit he pulled. Tony, though, Tony shouldn’t have scars. He hesitated where the cut intersected the eyebrow, not sure about being able to regrow the hair there, in the end he pulled the skin together just a little tighter there, so even if it wouldn’t, it’d be barely noticeable. He inspected his work closely.  Satisfied it had come out all right, he vanished the blood that stained Tony’s face with his own tamped down version of S
. It had turned out that Steve barely grasped the concept of karaoke, couldn't carry a tune in a bucket and knew only a handful of songs if you didn't count his extensive knowledge of Glen Miller, early Sinatra and pre-war show tunes. Steve had been embarrassed at that and Tony irritated, but eventually both of them had realized at about same time that they were talking about karaoke as if they were planning the D-day invasion, and they'd cracked up. Still, if Sabbath Bloody Sabbath was out of the question, then Tony wasn't going to sing any fucking Bruno Mars or show tunes with Steve at Karaoke Night, thankyouverymuch. Dedicated late night browsing had turned up some Sinatra that would only require Steve to go 'ooooooh' in the back ground. Of course the ship's karaoke library did not have that one, but JARVIS had fixed that real quick.
Silence settled once more over the workshop. Tony kept searching for words, but they just wouldn't come.
They spent most of the day cooking, and surprisingly, it was fun, like Bruce had claimed two weeks ago. Tony stuck around and helped peel potatoes, truss the turkey and toss the salad and open the bottles of imported Russian vodka. They'd eaten, they'd talked and they'd laughed and it had all been wonderful. But it had been torture at the same time. Tony was sick of feeling like this: off balance and needy and overly sensitive. Hyper-aware of everything Steve did, and said and feeling a desperate need to interpret every little twitch on his face. It was fucking exhausting and he was so done with it.
Tony stepped into Steve's personal space. The man's eyes widened fractionally and Tony could hear a little hitch of breath. Encouraged, he lifted his hand and touched the soft skin of Steve's bare face.
"I see. Valuable life lessons, all. Are we handing these out to disadvantaged children at an orphanage?"
Steve sighed internally. Everybody wanted to matter to someone else, it was basic human nature: the need to feel loved and appreciated and cared about and all that stuff. Steve had mattered to his mom, and to Bucky. He'd mattered to Peggy and maybe even Howard, although he suspected that had been Captain America more than Steve. Right now, the few people he had gotten to know since waking up were much more interested in the Captain than they would ever be in Steve. As long as he wasn't clinically insane and could do his job. They really saw him more like a weapon than a person. Tony only knew Steve, but was nevertheless interested in him. Interested enough to want to bed him, anyway. But he highly doubted he mattered to Tony. That still would not have been much of a problem, Steve wasn't holding out for a marriage proposal or anything, but he knew Tony mattered to
All the pent up energy seems to leave Tony once he's pulled the TV away from the wall and has opened it up. He even hums a little as parts of the TV start spreading on the floor around him. But now it's Steve who doesn't know what to do with himself. His brain goes
‘Never heard of you,’ Tony said. It sounded more mechanical in the suit. ‘And that doesn’t answer my question: what are you doing here?’
‘How do you know my beautiful wife and seven kids aren’t waiting for me back home?’ Tony asked as he got out of his scrubs and grabbed a hoodie.
Steve grabbed his arm. ‘No need to pay me. Maybe you can use the money on diner and a movie? Like next Friday, at seven?’
‘But I’m gonna help you!’ Clint said. ‘You can’t go on such a dangerous mission on your own. You’ll need your sidekick! Come on, it’s gonna be fun! And I’m great with dogs. I’ll do the dog sled thingie for you.’
Tony told the lady his sizes quickly before he continued to read the flyer. Walking, swimming, climbing and tubing. Of fucking course. But the flyer said it was also for people who weren't in perfect shape. Great, hopefully his 'no shape at all' would be good enough. He followed Steve outside where they dropped down on a bench in the sun.
‘Thank you, Thor, we really appreciate that,’ Steve said. ‘But now that Tony and I are dating I would very much like to be the only one touching Tony’s ass. I know you two are great friends and you have this thing going on, but… I don’t know how to say this. I’m…. a bit jealous, I guess. It’s not that I think you’re trying to steal my man from me, but, well, you understand, right?’
‘Are you scared?’ Tony laughed, as he started walking, looking around a bit more. ‘You were the one who thought the soldier might be a transformer or something. That isn’t scary?’
It was the sound of scraping that woke Steve up. He'd only been asleep for a couple of hours, he could tell by his internal clock, so that meant it was still Tony's watch. When he opened his eyes he could see the other man seated by the fire with a branch and a knife in his hands. He was scraping something off the branch into the earthenware bowl he had picked up in the village with the haunted church. Then he held the branch up to his face and Steve could see it was blackened on the scraped end. The branch went back into the fire and Tony pulled out another branch with one of his Iron Man gauntlets. He peered pensively at the branch until the embers had died down and then he shook off the ash before he started scraping the charred edges into the bowl. Steve pushed himself up on one elbow.
A little flashback of finding Bucky strapped down on a Hydra operating table made his stomach clench. He knew Hydra wanted Corbin to do the experimenting, not
“Ok. Here's the thing.” Fury leaned back in his own, infinitely more comfortable chair, steepling his fingers. “This morning we apprehended Corbin and Del Porter, before they were to leave for Marseille, where they were to board the cruise ship
"I don't know what happened, because I never knew the guy you knew. Whatever made him caustic and bitter and an alcoholic may have happened before I was born. Maybe it was losing you, maybe it was something else. I don't remember him any other way. Frankly, it pisses me off now that apparently there was a time that he wasn't so bad." Tony shivered. "When I was young, he..."
With that he shook off Steve's hand and kicked his horse in the flank. He was out of sight in minutes, his squire barely able to keep up.
“Really.” Rhodes looked pensive. “Well, you may want to lawyer up too if you still have an interest in the company. Not my specialty, but I can recommend a guy. And I can have my assistant fax over the article, if you like.”
Steve sighed a little. Tossing his branch back into the fire, he dropped back onto his elbows and stared up into the sky. The weather had cleared up and the vast expanse of the Milky Way stretched from horizon to horizon. It made him feel small and insignificant in a good way. Like, maybe if he screwed this one up, the world might not end after all.
Thor flexed his muscles and waggled his eyebrows and Tony rolled his eyes. He got up, though. He shoved the playing cards in his pocket, while Natasha glared at him.
. Then he stopped talking about you. And then after I told him he stopped talking altogether. It’s horrible. I want to shoot him.” She paused. “At this point it might be considered a mercy killing.”
“Hard to say, Sir. I have the data of the places we visited, of course, but I can not possible project how far gossip has spread. There are simply not enough data points for me to extrapolate from.” Tony grit his teeth in frustration. How the hell did people live like this? Some days this primitive life felt almost normal, and that scared him shitless, because it somehow felt as if getting used to the place would prevent him from leaving eventually. But most days every little difference felt like a paper cut rubbed with lemon juice and he wondered how many paper cuts it'd take to kill a person.
“Subtle like a ton of bricks,” added Tony, “but very efficient.” With that he strode off down the hall. Steve took a moment to cast a R
"Well. He did tell Morgaine to go home and be a good little wifey after her husband punched her in the face with his gauntlet on."
Tony scratched his head with the flashlight, making the shadows jump crazily and looking a little sheepish. "Yeah, I figured out around the time their batteries ran out that, of course, I don't have reception down here. And that the head set wasn't working for that reason either. Sorry." Steve had a question, a very urgent question, but it'd have to wait until they'd delivered the boys back to grandma.
"We're screwed, aren't we?" said Steve, still laughing, and he turned his head to look Tony in the eyes. The moment stretched, Steve's smile slipping a little.
“It's a good question, but not one the men in uniform would answer for me. I have my suspicions, but let me know what you think once you get to know him more
"Where did you go?" he asked, trying to silently convey the notion that if Steve didn't want to answer, he didn't have to.
That would have to do. The demon was coming towards him, probably confused about the hold up, so Tony scrambled back onto his feet and ran towards the exit. He went up the rungs and pulled himself out of the manhole.
Which begged the question of how the hell Tony ended up getting into these situations? And more importantly, how was he going to get out of this particular one with both their souls intact and without shitting himself?
“You're lying.” Tony stated flatly. He turned to Widow. “He's lying. You're an awful influence. And so are you, Barton.” he added with a nod to Clint. “The both of you should be ashamed for sullying Captain America's lily white soul.”
There was a perfunctory knock on the doors and then Morgaine strode into his sanctuary. Tony turned toward her.
As soon as his eyes had adjusted to the light outside the chapel, he scrambled up onto the hill. Mentally retracing the steps below ground he started searching for any signs of smoke. He had felt some airflow below, which meant that there had to be a vent around here somewhere. After several increasingly frantic yet fruitless minutes, he risked taking his air filter off and took a deep sniff. Yeah, sulfur and something cloyingly sweet, it had to be close by. He found it eventually, behind some shrubbery. It was small and it was rather far from the main cave, but that could actually work to his advantage. From what he'd seen and estimated, with the manhole open he should be able to create quite an effective wind tunnel.
“Still cold, Uncle Steve.” He whined dramatically, but Steve could hear the underlying misery in his voice. Steve rolled over and wrapped his arm around Tony, plastering himself against his back, to share whatever body heat he had.
All except Mr Deere himself, who was now actively glaring at him. Tony sighed a little. Always a dumbass who wouldn't get with the program. He leaned back in his chair and stared back impassively. A few minutes into the staring match, conversation stuttered to a halt as the others caught on to the building tension. Tony brought Steve's hand in front of his chest. He briefly considered sucking on Steve's index finger, but considering that he was probably still pissed at Tony for his earlier forays into dub-con, he settled for twirling his husband's wedding ring back and forth. The silence was deafening. Helen put her hand on her husband's arm, but it didn't seem to settle him much.
Steve nodded his agreement. Percival and Bors were too cold and exhausted to protest, and even Steve was tired. They all just followed Tony like little lambs. Steve couldn't help but wonder what the hell just happened, though. He'd thought Tony was still angry at him, but you didn't hug people you were angry with, except now it seemed like Tony was angry again.
"Steve, I am sure you're the best. Phenomenal, even. Still no reason to wheedle your way past my A.I., he could have passed on a message."
after. Steve hadn’t even known Bruce and Tony worked together, he had kind of assumed nobody would be good enough for Tony of the ancient and noble house of Stark. But if Bruce made that part of the bike, then-
"Steve! I'm not laughing at what you said. I am laughing because you sounded just like me and we're both self-flagellating idiots. That struck me as funny. Not that you're feeling 'unprofessional' about me." He leered at Steve, who was smiling a little now. "Believe me, doll, I haven't had a single professional thought about you in
Steve tore his gaze away from the fountain and looked at Tony in surprise. "I don't have materials. And, you know, it'd take time."
She gave him a slightly less dour look that meant she was pleased with his assessment. “Good. I will fly him around the battlements tonight then.” She made to leave.
The haircut did look great and Steve was obviously pleased with it. If Applied Physics wasn’t going to work out for Natasha, she’d have at least one other marketable skill. Then the oven beeped and they all sprung into action. Natasha started sweeping up hair, Thor started setting the table and Bruce came out of his room to check on his creation. He declared it done, but needing to ‘sit’ for 10 minutes. Tony took Steve with him to get clothes on. He wasn’t sure if they had killed him with kindness or whether he was just really glad to get out of the rain or what, but Steve barely reacted to the news that his clothes were in the washer and wouldn’t be dry till the morning. He accepted Thor’s clothes with a small smile.
“No, Steve, I am not gay, I am an opportunist. I have honestly never met a set of genitals I didn't like. It's kind of unfortunate that many of them are attached to people I don't really care for, and I have learned in my ripe old age that those are really not worth the hassle when all is said and done, but I am not particularly bothered by what shape they take, really. Sex is sex, you know. I get off, they get off, it's all good.” Steve remained silent and Tony decided to press on. Share and share alike, pal. “How about you? Good old home-schooled Christian farm boy who loves Jesus and America and guns but hates fags?”
Tony woke up alone. Not just without Steve, no, the whole campsite was deserted, except for the horses. He didn't know whether to groan and roll his eyes, or curse. Where the hell had the fuckers run off to
Bruce was referring to his coworker in Leiden, one of the two people he was allowed to drag up on the stage with him during the defense.
"I think this is the best we can do with the inadequate crap we have available," he said as he was showing them off to Steve, "They're pretty much a one shot kind of deal. I've rigged it so that they drain the power packs in one go, which was the only way to get a little oomph. Still, if you hit a guy in the right spot, they should be fairly effective. Too bad we only have two, I should have gotten more toothbrushes."
When the shepherd's pie is in the oven, Tony goes and takes another shower and Steve tries to focus on Tom Clancy again. It doesn't work. He's horny and he's scared. Last night was a disaster in every sense of the word, yet it's as if it happened years ago and he can think back on it, shrugging and saying, “yeah, that happened,“ without any of the anguish that ought to accompany a memory of falling apart like that. Like it was a totally reasonable price to pay for getting Tony's mouth on his dick. As hard as he is getting just thinking about that mouth, maybe it was. It freaks him out a little. He remembers how scared he was when Tony propositioned him, and he remembers the utter devastation he felt afterward, but he can't make himself feel those things right now. It's as if they happened to someone else. But Tony sucking him off,
“What?” Now Steve was awake and looking alarmed as he pushed himself up to sitting. Tony pulled his pants up over his ass and then gestured disgustedly at his shirt.
“I was about to be deployed,” inserted Rogers and he sounded put out instead of relieved. Military people were weird.
Things were more than fine, actually. The cats were happy and Tony had large couch that caught the sun from the south facing windows and a ton of floor space to spread out the articles he was currently referencing in his thesis. And if he felt the need to work night and day when the writing was going well, there was no one banging on his door because the music was too loud, or forcing him to take food breaks, or because ‘it was his turn to clean the fucking toilets and they were fucking disgusting, Tony, do your fucking chores’!
"So it does. But her boat is black, like the horse. And if it turns out she has no ill intentions, then it won't harm her anyway, right?"
In retrospect, it had been in no way necessary to use his whole hand. Or even his fingers, for that matter. JARVIS was perfectly capable of monitoring anything remotely.
"Nah, I don't think I will. I did that for days and it doesn't seem to do any good. Care to tell me why I suddenly feel like I have leprosy? Did I rescue you wrong? Too fancy? Too late? Too early? You certainly looked like you were having a good time."
"How is a staple gun going to put anyone down, Stark?" Clint's voice was full of derision. It was shocking, the lack of faith he had in Tony even after all these months. Tony sighed heavily.
Tony looked at him oddly. Then he shook his head wearily. “Don't worry about it, I've gone without food for much longer than this. I am not even hungry.”
Tony conceded the point. “Fine. Okay. No more counting. You know we’ll be depriving science of some unique data on superhero sex drives here, but okay. We’re official.”
Steve slid his hands up and down Tony's abs. "And if you were Hydra and you were going to send in a few assassins..."
, Rhodey! I can't fix War Machine if you hover over me like you think I'm going to replace the repulsors with pompoms."
“Excellent. Steve and I will be taking the bike over in a little while. Can you have Entwhis-” Tony glanced over his shoulder at Steve, then turned back to the painting. “No. We need Thistlethwaite for this. Firecall Thistlethwaite and convince him to meet us at the manor at 11 for a rush job. Invoke my father, bribe him with my firstborn, whatever. As long as he’s there. Tell Entwhistle I’ll see him at 4.”
“Carrying you is not a happy memory. Mercy, Tony, I was so scared you were going to die in my arms.”
"Iron Man...." He sounded like he didn't believe Iron Man actually existed and wasn't that typical, Steve thought as he whipped around.
"I believe he is saying 'Begone, demon! Our Lord protects the innocent souls of this... slumber party? I am sorry, Sir. The recent expansion of your music library has left a few holes in my Old English database."
lugging around a giant portfolio. Pepper wasn't impressed. And then she got even less impressed when Natalie met them in Monaco and Tony's morning took a nosedive. Between Pepper's pinched looks, and Natalie apparently rubbing it in; added to the jolly encounter with Christine Everhart and Justin Fucking Hammer and Steve breathing down his neck while radiating disdain, it was a small wonder he stuck around in the hotel as long as he did. He made his escape to the bathroom, the only place he could currently hide from Steve and honestly, the blood toxicity reading at that point was just the icing on the cake. He was dying. There was really no escaping that fact anymore. He'd have to tell Pepper. And Steve. Some day.
Stark grinned at him. “That is JARVIS. He'll answer any questions you have. Try not to piss him off, he can be a bitchy little queen if you get his virtual hackles up.”
They sprung apart and Tony found himself shoved behind a human shield of Steve. Tony knew that voice, though, so he stepped around him, dodging the hands trying to keep him back and bit out: "The hell are you doing here, Barton?"
“Yes.” he said curtly, and made to turn around. Changing his mind halfway through, he turned back. “Last night was a mistake. I should go before I make it worse.”
The worst though, the absolute worst, was the little silver barbell pierced through Steve's left nipple. Ungh. Tony could just imagine, very vividly, what it would be like to suck that into his mouth. Steve's breath would hitch every time he flicked it with his tongue. Or maybe he'd moan. Moaning was good, especially Tony's name. Tony's hand would wander over those perfect abs, the other cupping that perfect ass. And Steve, sweet, gorgeous Steve would press his hips up to find friction against Tony's dick and.... and he really needed to put his tablet down now to hide the tent in his shorts.
They couldn't stay here. Tony had been weakening rapidly even before all this and the arc reactor could stop any moment. They had to get home, where there were hospitals and antibiotics and most of all, a spare reactor. Steve decided they'd have to leave in the morning.
"Yeah? Well, forgive me for not believing a word you say right now, you lying piece of shit. Take off the armor, I need to see."
Steve wants to tell him to just hurry the fuck up, he's more than ready and his ass is now wet and cold. But then Tony slides two fingers into him and starts scissoring them and all words get swallowed in a moan.
Steve's voice came from inside the cabin and Tony could just about hear the blush in his voice: “Are you.... I mean.... Are you...?” God, the man could not even
Tony made pleased noises around his mouth full of exceptional cookie. Then he made a Maria and another Hawkeye while he waited for his custom order. He hated having incomplete sets.
“I think that can wait. I’ll meet you at Bucky’s.” Then Rhodey pulled his head back and closed the door, leaving Tony alone with Steve.
Any moment now they would start circling each other, claws unsheathed. Steve looked at Tony in mild alarm, and immediately lost his train of thought. Tony looked… phenomenal. The robes he was wearing were dove grey, with a bit of a pale blue hue to them and they looked a little different than ordinary dress robes, but in a way that suited Tony. He looked sleek, and beautiful and just a little dangerous and debonair. Steve swallowed hard.
"Charity. How did I know? It's not charity. You'd be surprised. Despite my sunny personality, just last month my godfather paralyzed me, stole the arc reactor and left me to die and before that he arranged to have me kidnapped and I ended up carrying a car battery hooked up to my heart through the desert of Afghanistan. There's also a lot of pressure and professional jealousy and I can't go everywhere as Iron Man. Hence, I need a bodyguard. You'd be perfect."
"I overheard something as we were walking down the hall. Whatever you do, don't give them the armor Tony. Somewhere in this building, and I wish I could pinpoint where, but there's just too many people around, talking at the same time... Somewhere in the building two people just greeted each other with 'Hail Hydra!'”
Steve gritted his teeth as the bike seemed to stretch like a very large cat and pushed itself into Tony’s hand, ramping up the pleased rumble. Before he knew it, Tony had his arms full of amorous motorcycle. He lost his balance and ended up on his ass, laughing delightedly at Steve, who managed a wry smile in return. Tony didn’t notice.
fine, really. Let it not be said that Tony was obstructing Freedom, Justice and the Captain American Way. And the man did have a suite of rooms here, even if he'd never used them.
and then to set it as the wallpaper on Nick's phone. “Stark will get the mani/pedi, a perm, we'll dye his hair and beard gray and he will have to get his ear pierced for the diamond stud.”
Not a soul was outside this evening, but it wasn't like they'd need directions. There was only one church and it was clearly visible on a little knoll at the edge of the village. As they drew closer, the air seemed to grow thicker and the stillness of the place took on a eerie quality. Besides the relentless rain hammering on the waxed hood of his cloak and the squelching hoof beats of their horses, there was no sound to be heard, and even those sounds seemed muffled as they neared the church. There was a flickering light visible through the windows, so the sanctuary lamp must still be burning, but apart from that, shadow predominated in this twilight. All in all, the place gave Tony the creeps.
a Grail. The whole thing with Tony's Grail was a hoax, but this bearded fellow sure seemed convinced it was the real thing. Steve sighed. He didn't have
It was odd to sit next to him during dinner. In the clean clothes and with his hair short and smelling like Tony’s shampoo, there was nothing about him that screamed ‘homeless’ anymore. His hair was soft and golden and looked very touchable. He was still a little thin in the face, but it was hard to recognize the miserable man who had come in an hour earlier. Steve must have felt it too. He wasn’t what Tony would call exuberant, but he’d lost a good bit of the catastrophic brittleness that had colored his previous interactions with Tony’s roommates. He was smiling and even laughing on occasion. Clint had shared his personal stash of quality beer, most likely as an unvoiced apology for being an ass earlier. Whatever, it was good beer. The lasagna, as always, was great, even if the salad had rather large chunks of tomatoes in it.
"Put lots of cheese on top. And breadcrumbs!" Tony plops himself on the couch and picks up Steve's book with a disdainful look on his face.
The rest of the world probably just thought he was paranoid, walking through the grey corridors with a bodyguard at his shoulder, their shoes squeaking on the linoleum. That was the upside of being stupidly rich and a well known douchebag, though, being a little more douchey than usual didn't faze people. He left Steve by the door and slipped inside. As he kissed Aunt Peggy’s cheek, he was a little relieved that she still recognized him. He knew she'd forget that he'd been here within hours, or maybe she was down to minutes now. Eventually, she'd forget him altogether, but that was something he refused to think about right now.
By the time the food came, Steve still had not been drawn into the conversation. In fact, whenever Steve made a comment or asked a question there was a three second pause around the table after which they all started talking again as if nothing had happened and nothing had been said. The longer it went on, the more irritated Tony got. He was starting to feel like a crappy husband and he wasn't even married. He could feel Steve shrinking next to him with every unacknowledged overture. And that was just wrong. Steve should not feel small, it really didn't suit him. He tried to think of what Corbin would do and realized he had no clue. But of course nobody else at this table knew either, so if Tony decided that Corbin would get as irritated as Tony was right now, then guess what? Corbin was going to drag Del into the conversation if it killed him.
“Ah, fuck! Already?” Tony threw himself backwards across Steve’s legs, his arms flopping overhead. His nightshirt rid up to show a sliver of skin.
"You and I should have nightmares together, we'd end up in a nice temperate climate with plenty of foliage." Steve chuckled. It hadn't been that funny, but Tony knew the almost giddy relief that came when the nightmares were forced to the background. He fought down the urge to wrap his arms around Steve. Because that way lay madness, especially after what happened earlier. He made do with just resting his head against Steve's arm for a moment.
"I brought the suitcase suit. Fury said not to. Funny, funny guy, that Fury." He finally settled for a set of electric toothbrushes and some cell phone power packs. "Fuckers don't even have any soldering irons," he muttered. Fortunately he had thought to bring a small tool set. Tomorrow, though, group excursion or not, he was going to find some more suitable stuff in Rome.
“My mother used to say a woman who is forced is not a sinner as long as she is true in her heart,” said Percival.
Tony sat with alacrity. She shot a quick glance at Steve, who was looking a little wild around the eyes, then she turned back to Tony. "Nobody here is spending Christmas alone. Are we clear?"
Steve made a put upon noise and yanked the shirt out of his hand. He shoved it under the seat. Then he finished doing up his shirt and leaned over to kiss Tony softly. Tony settled himself against Steve’s shoulder and sighed.
It lasted a couple of hours. First came a snapchat from Director Fury with a nice picture of his desk lamp saying 'your sister thinks our friends maybe ready to talk now i am going to bed wake me up and i will end you'. Deciding they could not do much about that right now they settled back in. For all of three minutes.
“Well, they're going to expect you to do the talking,” said Steve, “But I think it's important that, whatever happens, we don't let them separate us. They may want to offer you something in return for information, but they may also be willing to kidnap me to force you to give it up. Or kidnap you to make you work for them. Or they may not want anything at all and just want to make sure our side doesn't have access to this information.” He paused for a second. “In that case they would probably try to kill you to shut Porter up. And then they might not even make contact first, but just get rid of you when the opportunity presents itself. Whatever we do, we need to do together, to keep that from happening.”
“Not fucking arguing about it, Stark. You won't be able to stay away and you know it. But you can have your mental health days for now.” He paused and stared at Tony intently. "Stark, I want Rogers."
The serpent suddenly threw itself at the ship as if it were trying get on board and Steve slammed it in the face with his shield. Tony jumped back as Bors and Percival came running up with the lances. Again, the beast launched forward and Steve hit it again and both of the knights aimed their lances at the gills. They missed because the serpent crashed against the side of the boat and everybody lost their footing during the shock of the impact. Water gushed over the deck as the ship listed precariously, being dragged down by the huge body sliding back into the water. The ship had barely righted itself before it came again. Tony estimated that the beast's diameter was at least five feet and he couldn't even guess how long it was. It seemed hell bent on getting itself onto the ship somehow.
“You're right, you're right. But how do I....?” Stark was staring hard at the floor now, his hands still fisted in Steve's shirt as if he was trying to control his temper, and all Steve could see was his hair. He'd always thought that gray hair would be coarse and brittle, but Stark's hair looked soft and curled a bit around his ear. Maybe that was because it was just dye? He wondered if was as soft as it looked.
. Right. Creaking bed and Steve was not a little loud. Tony almost cracked up again, but everything felt just too good and Steve was covered with a slight sheen of sweat that he wanted to lick off, but couldn’t, because he was on this runaway train and there was no stopping until Tony felt his balls pull tight and then the tingling at the bottom of his spine exploded and his vision went a little gray at the edges. He was pretty he sure he shouted... something.
Tony considered that. She had a point. He kind of missed his late afternoon chats with Thor, while the man rolled his stack of joints for the day. He didn’t see the point of moving, though, if he was happy where he was. Natasha patted his shoulder to indicate that she was going back in. As she pulled the door open a wave of music, shouting and laughter spilled out into the street.
"What the hell were you thinking, Steve?!" he yelled for good measure, "You don't go battle monsters in... Oh my god, are those chaps?
Tony grimaced in distaste. He so did not want to think about Captain America's sex life. If it was anything, it was probably all missionary position with the lights off and respecting her in the morning. Yech.
“I was getting to that when you so rudely interrupted me....” Tony made sure he could see the Bite Me in his eyes loud and clear. There was a knock on the office door. Maria Hill opened it and then ushered in the most gorgeous specimen of male perfection Tony had ever seen dressed in fatigues. Built, blond, classically handsome and well over 6 feet. Aryan Prime Beef, baby. Tony did not have a soldier fetish, but, hey, obviously one should keep an open mind when it came to acquiring new ones.
It was Thursday evening and everybody was home. Nobody wanted go out in this weather, of course, but also, Bruce was making vegetable lasagna for dinner and nobody in their right mind would miss
"Sir Stephen! Your presence is sorely needed in the Castle of Maidens, where un-Christian acts are about to be performed by the Grail knights. Please make haste!" With that the man slunk back into the shadows.
Steve poked him in the side as he settled behind him. Tony squealed and pulled away. Ticklish. Steve grinned.
“Oh please,” scoffed Tony, “It's not like I don't have another forty odd suits at home and a fully functional AI.” He paused and glared at Steve. “And we are going to bring
"That does sound nice. We should go visit them sometime. Make sure Thor is doing his job." Great, now he was picturing lounging on a blanket in the dappled shade among the trees with Steve, picnic basket by their side, feeding the man one grape at a time, and brushing his lips with his fingers as he did so.
He thumbed the intercom off, because it felt uncomfortable, bickering with his PA while being stared down at by the man in black on black, who was raising a single eyebrow at him. The other was covered with an honest to god eyepatch. Tony raised an eyebrow in return, already annoyed by the who-is-going-to-speak-first-pissing-contest they seemed to have going on. The silence dragged on for a bit while Steve came to stand by Tony's shoulder. Fury's eye flicked to Steve and then back to Tony.
Tony glanced up from his tablet. "Good morning, Sleeping Beauty. Coffee is ready if you want it." He seemed preoccupied.
. The houses around the square looked.... really rickety. Was this some sort of museum village? Had he crashed a Ren Faire? The only new looking building was the church, which was in Anglo-Saxon style, and it looked very fresh and sturdy. In fact, it looked brand spanking new instead of a thousand years old...
The kitchen was deserted when they came home and Tony was secretly glad. He grabbed a few beers from the fridge and a bag of chips, while Steve went to wash his hands. Then they settled on the loveseat to silently watch Thor devour his first meal of proper cat food. Clint and Tasha came to check it out too, but Thor wasn't in the mood to share. There was some batting back and forth. Clint and Tasha had already eaten earlier that evening, though, so there wasn't much menace behind it. The desk lamp was the only light Tony had turned on and the shadows the cats threw on the opposite wall moved like strangely awkward panthers.
columns then. Good, Savage was a better Obi-Wan than Tony would ever be. He closed his eyes at the memory of how he had almost fucked up,
"You're off your rocker, Captain Ahab. But I'll take it. I'm glad we managed to avoid the professional stalkers, though, they can be annoying as hell."
“And, if anyone asks, that’s the only reason I lowered my standards to bunking in Gryffindor tower.”
Now Loki pouted. "Aw, you're not playing my game. You're no fun." He stuck his bottom lip out. Thor squeezed a little harder and the pout turned into a grimace. Natasha started cleaning her fingernails with a knife that had appeared out of nowhere.
Tony unlocked the door, but didn’t go in. He looked at Steve, who was leaning with one shoulder against the brick, watching Tony fumble with the keys.
"A railing?" scoffed Tony, "Boy, you need to think outside your lego box. That is horribly low tech. If you can't come up with a reversible escalator at the very least you're never going to be more than a mediocre engineer."
He felt like he should know who Whiplash was. If the ugly motherfucker knew how to make an arc reactor there had to be a connection to himself. Or maybe to Howard. He tried matching the details of the design that he had in his gauntlet to his own and previous incarnations of it. Which was difficult while it flight and away from his mainframe And then he couldn't help thinking of Steve outing himself as Captain America and the media circus that was going to cause and, oh fuck, Pepper was going to be really upset this time.
It had been a week since Tony's visit to Camelot and they'd only been traveling for three days. Steve thought that hardly qualified as tedious, but going by the near continuous complaining during the time they'd been on the road, Gawaine was obviously more demanding in his need for entertainment.
"How is this possible? How can he possibly hate me more than he likes you two? This is ridiculous!" He swung towards Loki, who was outright laughing now. "How can he possibly hate me more than he hates you, you sniveling twat!?"
After a couple of weeks of searching he found himself sitting in a shady spot under a willow tree on the bank of a babbling brook. The armor was shoved under a nearby bush, where he had hidden it for his last visit to what passed for civilization here. He bit angrily into the apple he had pinched at that occasion. Tony considered it a small payment for not burning the whole fucking keep down in his frustration. He wasn't getting anywhere. He had to be able to figure out a better system because this wasn't working on so many levels that it was pathetic. Tony understood that regular people were terrified of him, but he had expected a little less running in fear from the knights he'd met.. You'd think they'd be braver than the farmers, but they weren't, really. A bit of posturing and they were gone. He started humming.
Oh hell yes, Steve knew it. It had been wildly popular with the troops in Europe during the war, reminding the soldiers of the loved ones they left behind on one hand and of all the wonderful everyday little things they were fighting to keep, on the other. Without fail, it'd make one of the guys choke up with homesickness. No matter how badly one wanted to fight the Nazis, everyone had days when missing your loved ones just seemed too much to bear.
Then the door of the trailer opens and Steve hastily steps back, out of the line of sight. His heart is hammering in his chest, but he doesn't know why. It's his own house, his own window and that damned trailer shouldn't even be in his driveway. But he still feels like he almost got caught looking at naked neighbors through a telescope. He goes to bed and listens to the generator and the snatches of music coming through his window until the wee hours of the morning.
When they continue on their way he started talking about the time Bucky got caught stealing apples from a cart. When Tony hummed in acknowledgment, he kept talking, relating the shenanigans the two of them got up to during the Depression. They were happy memories and they took his mind off the miles that passed under his feet. After the next time they had to stop, because Tony was starting to lose sensation in his hands and feet and Steve had to rub them to keep the circulation going, he started talking about how his mother used to do that for him and then he found he couldn't stop. He talked about their moldy apartment, her struggles to make ends meet, her death, the orphanage, his frustrations with his frail body. He talked about how lost he had felt since he woke up from the ice, and how much worse it was when he got transferred here. He talked until the sun was low in the sky and he had to start looking for an empty house to stay the night in.
"I have seen the Grail before, although it looked a bit different, but there was a cloth over it, so I can't be sure. I failed to ask a question, though, that was what my cousin said later, anyway. I can't remember the question. And then I was turned out of the castle and the gate would not open for me no matter how much I shouted. And there was other stuff as well, a bleeding lance and a candelabra and a broken sword. But they must have moved it because I don't think the castle was named Castle Aaargh and I don't remember a demon called Shawarma, either."
“Remove the Compulsion and I’d happily take my food to my lab, so I can leave everyone in peace,” Tony groused, stabbing his sausage with deadly intent. “This is an outrage, being forced to come eat in the Hall and to go to bed at midnight. What am I, twelve? It is utterly ridiculous.”
With a huff of relief Steve planted his other arm onto the seat next to Tony’s head and then he shuddered as Tony started working them both in earnest. The feel of Steve’s dick sliding against his own was exquisite. He squeezed his eyes shut and threw his head back and felt Steve’s teeth latch on to his throat, the bite vibrating with Steve’s groans. Tony was so close….
After half a block, Tony looked at him sideways. Steve was looking back at him. Everything was wrong, yet felt right. They both smiled.
He gets that. He totally gets that. Steve has spent so much fucking time being afraid of himself around Tony the last two days that he respects that. He doesn't have a clue why Tony would be scared, but that's okay, because that's what keeps this uncomplicated.
"Nonono," said Steve, marching them back in the other direction. "We need to go get the rest of our group first, you stranded them there, guys. They're probably still waiting.”
Steve was still yelling, but Tony looked over at his team mates. Former team mates. Maybe. Natasha was sitting on one of the benches on the promenade, flanked by Clint and Bruce. Thor was standing behind the bench with his hands on the back rest. They were all staring at Tony and Steve as if they were fascinating zoo specimens.
After the dryer buzzes the end of the cycle, Tony brings back the basket full of warm clothes and starts folding them on the couch. His movements are quick and efficient and Steve can't help but admire the play of the muscles and sinews under the rough tan skin of his lower arms. When Tony has put all his clothes into his laundry sack he drops the basket on the floor and rests his elbows on his thighs as he looks at Steve.
This was fucking useless. Tony fired his repulsors and got the hell out while his teammates dissolved into laughter.
Steve pulled over the remaining stool so he sat catty corner to Tony. Across the table was just too far away. He still felt as if Tony might disappear if he'd let him get out of arm's reach. He was sure that would pass eventually, but right now he didn't see the point in not giving in to it. Tony wasn't complaining. In fact, he scooted a little closer and peered at Steve's face intently.
Tony slid onto his knees before Steve and took his hands. Looking up in Steve’s blue gaze, he said quietly:
“And then what? Hang out on the street and wait for you to have time for me next? Move in with you? Share your little room? Be your kept man? Or would you expect me to pay rent?”
The washer buzzes almost simultaneously with the oven timer and Tony lopes off to transfer his clothes to the dryer while Steve takes out the casserole.
"You should take them both," Steve said, "I am more of a blunt force trauma kind of guy." Tony smiled. Of course he was. "How are you going to hide them in your suit?" Steve asked.
“Hey, Tony!” Clint called out when Tony’d clambered up the ladder-like steps to their floor. “Where you been, man? The fridge is fried. Can you fix it before my beer gets warm?”
He was being a selfish bastard, he knew that. He was going to die and he should let Steve keep his distance, but he couldn't make himself actually do it. It was impossible to be that altruistic while in the process of being kissed by the man he'd been lusting after for weeks. Nothing flew as blatantly in the face of death as sex. It was a shitty thing to do to Steve, but Tony wanted more, he needed more. He needed Steve to want him like he wanted Steve.
“Steve!” Tony panted, digging his fingers into Steve’s way too short hair in an effort to dislodge him from his earlobe. He found no traction and Steve’s wasn’t budging.
"I'm sure I'll stop having anxiety attacks about that any minute now. Hey, did you know I sent Del a thank you card?"
“Slow down, princess. I didn’t know until just now. Apparently he came by when only Darcy was home. She didn’t know him, of course, and she doesn’t know where you live now, so she just told him you had moved and to fuck off.”
"No. That didn't work. Unless you think the actual kissing was a requirement?" Captain America's tactical briefing voice, no less. Must be hiding something embarrassing.
One moment he'd been standing over a downed Hawkeye, shielding him from whatever strange energy beams Loki was hurling at them and the next moment he was standing on a foggy little island in the middle of a lake, Loki's mocking voice still echoing in his head.
"We can't. It's not even midnight yet. Nothing is likely to happen before midnight." Steve slung an arm around Tony's shoulder and pulled him in, like he was trying to keep him in place. As if Tony was going anywhere.
"It's alright, Nat. Answer the man. We have ninjas coming in on zodiacs. Can you see how many?" Clint had taken out his bow and was now aiming at the zodiac. In a fluid motion he let the arrow fly, punching a hole in the little boat, which started deflating rapidly. Most of the occupants were already climbing up the ropes to the ship, though.
He forced his thoughts away from Steve’s potentially morbid fate and as usual he ended up picking at everything that bugged him about S.I., instead. Thanks to Nick Fury and Pepper Potts, he was the boss in name, but it was obvious to Tony and everyone else that he wasn’t really. And he had a gut feeling that there were things going on that he was deliberately being kept out of. He hated that. If it hadn’t been for that, Tony would have happily settled into leading R&D and leave the rest of the company up to Stane and the board, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that that would be a bad idea. Pepper and Fury agreed, but none of them had figured out yet what to do about it.
"I'll bet you do. And I bet you have all kinds of fancy toys to do it with." Steve actually laughed this time and pushed a little more into Tony's side. Tony started laughing too.
"I- Yeah." It wasn't like Tony could spin this any way that meant he wasn't actually leaving, tempting as it was to fill a few minutes with bullshit to give her the runaround.
"It's not that easy, Cap. We're a weird bunch of individuals. Hawkeye is too used to working alone. Total einzelganger. Black Widow has the chops, but she has the same issue and I am not sure how much SHIELD really trusts her when it comes down to it. Former KGB and all that. Thor is great, especially in brawls, but he sometimes loses sight of the fact that's we're not all gods. And he is hopeless in interviews, man, the shit he comes up with sometimes... Like a frat boy slash soccer hooligan slash alien. And then he goes all befuddled when people think he's weird. And my issues..." Tony held Steve's gaze, daring him. "You know my issues."
gave him a grave look. "Distractions? Or commitment?" Tony felt his hackles rise. He leaned back and crossed his arms too, mimicking Steve. Kenny and Dolly finished their song and there was a smattering of applause, but neither of the men moved a muscle.
like that. He wasn't stupid, he knew where this was headed, even if he'd never headed that way before. Give it another day or two and they'd end up naked in bed together, no doubt about it. And that idea was... exhilarating, to say the least and his dick was completely on board with that, obviously, but at the same time the warning bells were deafening. Because it wasn't just his dick that was on board. He wanted it to matter.
, naked under him Steve paused to look his fill, sliding his hands up and down all that beautiful skin that he'd been craving to touch. He ripped off the patch that covered the arc reactor and admired the way the cool blue light played over the planes and angles of Tony's chest. It picked out the scars that Steve now trailed his fingers over, touch light and reverent. He looked up at Tony's face just in time to see a flash of vulnerability in the brown eyes. Then Tony grimaced and jeered: "Come on. You promised to touch my dick." So Steve did, closing his hand around it and giving it an experimental pull that made Tony groan and throw his head back. Steve reveled in the feel of the slippery, warm shaft that seemed to fit his hand perfectly. It was slick with pre-come and slid in and out of his hand with ease. Steve swiped his thumb over the slit every time the head came up, loving the feel of Tony pushing up to meet him.
"I'm sure it's fine. I doubt he has forgotten you all of a sudden." She sounded confident. And possibly a little irritated, because it was at least the thirtieth time Tony had brought it up in the past few hours. But Tony was too afraid that that was exactly what it was, that Steve had forgotten him. Or maybe he'd had an accident. He wondered if he should have JARVIS call all the hospitals in the lower 48. Or maybe he had met someone else. Tony groaned. What a god damned fucking mess.
“You know how he is, man, still struggling to catch up. He's not ready for Enya. I'm thinking Adele should be next, maybe.”
"That's right," said Tony, and then picked up the little Hawkeye and looked Clint in the eye while he bit its head off.
Tony was still cursing the filthy little traitors when they were stomping the snow off their boots in the entrance way. Steve wasn’t listening, he could only stare at Tony’s bright eyes and ruddy cheeks and nod in what seemed appropriate places. When they were ready to go back up, McGonegall was standing there with that small smile on her lips.
Okay, this was weird. How did this fellow know his name? And what on earth was going on with this quest? It wasn't a real Grail quest, he didn't need or even
Steve pulled back a little further. His hair was mussed where Tony had been pulling on it, his lips were swollen and he looked so fucking edible Tony's dick twitched. In vain, but the effort was there.
"Right." He quickly cast his eyes downward and went back to work. As promised, he did Hawkeye next, then Widow, both Bruce and Hulk (that one was easy), Thor came out a little weird, but gingerbread Loki was awesome. He paid lots of attention to gingerbread Cap and it came out adorable. Tony surreptitiously took a picture of it. He looked around.
Tony felt distinctly James Bond-like when they were marching off to dinner in their tuxedos, toothbrush tasers strapped to his lower legs. Corbin's tux wasn't the quality he was used to, but he'd live. The unanticipated upside of formal night turned out to be Steve in a tux. Del's was a little bit tight across his shoulders, but
"Well, it's nice to see you married him for love and not his money, dear," Vanessa sounded all motherly now, "Let's get you guys dancing together again. Vincent!" She clapped her hands. "
“This time we're in it together, Tony. With my brawn and your brain, it's going to be a piece of cake.”
“What? No!” Tony crossed his arms, defensively. “I gave her a job, yes, but all the unadulterated awesome is her own.”
“I… sure.” Steve took the papers and lifted his eyebrows. “Aren’t these important? They look like they are.”
“Of course you do.”  Tony tosses the useless remote on the couch and gives Steve a patronizing pat on the head. “Carry on then. I'm going to take a shower.”
"I am going to even the odds and toss some of these guys back overboard. I'll try to meet you at the cabin, but if not, I'll see you on the heli pad."
"Did you piss yourself, little mortal?" the beast mocked. Tony manfully still had control over his bladder, but it had been a close call. He noticed a definite gust of air on the exposed part of his face in this position, though. He mentally cataloged its location and now he was getting pretty desperate to leave. But they seemed to be at a bit of standoff. Real or not, Tony wasn't going to risk walking through the thing. He wracked his brain for a way to get it to back off.
"Not my fault if everyone else is wrong." Steve said softly, but deadly serious. Tony had no answer. He wanted to avert his eyes, but found that he couldn't. He was at once highly uncomfortable, yet completely elated. Steve's closeness charged the air Tony was trying, but somehow failing, to breathe. Then Steve leaned in. Tony should have pushed him away. He should have insisted that Steve was delusional and that he should come to his senses. But apparently Tony had lost his senses as well, because he did none of that and instead parted his lips under Steve's and welcomed the exploring tongue. Warmth washed through him and before he realized what he was doing, he had stepped closer and was being wrapped in Steve's arms. Despite the discomfort of being pressed against chain mail, and despite the fears he'd been struggling with not even ten minutes ago Tony knew what Steve had meant about comfort. Somehow, everything was right in the world right now. Never better. The feeling lingered when Steve broke the kiss and leaned back to look at him, and Tony was inexplicably still out of witty comebacks.
‘Please, call me Tony, if you call me mister Stark I already start to feel old,’ Tony groaned. ‘So what is this true love thing? I get that you’re desperate after being locked up for seventy years, but the way you say it I feel like it’s not just sex you’re looking for.’
Tony walked off and waved at Sam who just arrived. Things continued like that for a while. Every time Steve showed up, Tony ended up in front of Sam’s door with another excuse. He asked for screwdrivers, laundry detergent, cough syrup, and even for some shoes, since he lost his. One day one of his robots mysteriously ended up in Sam’s garden, he came to ask if the two of them wanted some real coffee, since he was on his way to Starbucks, and once he asked if Sam had any potatoes. When Sam had asked what he was making Tony had told him that he didn’t know yet, there were so many options. Mash them, boil them, put them in a stew. Sam had laughed and told Tony he didn’t have any, but he had asked him in.
‘No, no, it’s nothing like that,’ Bucky said as he sat down at the table as well. ‘Ever since I broke up with my girlfriend, Nat has been trying to set me up with a whole bunch of people. Why isn’t she doing that to you? You’ve been single for years!’
'Yes, it helps a lot!' Tony smiled happily. He showed the construction and together they bound the feathers to the wooden frame. There were so many feather that it took them three days to attach them all. But when they were done, they looked amazing. Tony had a hard time waiting for Saturday to come around again. When it was finally the weekend again, the young prince woke up early and hurried to the hill. Steve was already waiting for him.
'I do very much like coffee,' Tony said as he followed Buddy's example and took one of the cupcakes. 'Probably the only truth you'll ever get out of those magazines though. Also, I think these are a bit dark. Brown cupcake, brown topping and brown decorations. Coffee is a happy thing, I wouldn't have minded a more colourful topping or decoration.'
‘Because taking off the motor suit in public is a bit awkward,’ James answered, rubbing his neck. ‘And I’d end up with helmet hair, it doesn’t look very good.’
‘Yeah, I did,’ Tony confessed. ‘Your idea was really cool and I couldn’t help myself. I don’t know what kind of cool tricks you wanted to give him, but I remembered something about flying and jet boots, so yeah, he can fly.’
‘He’s not here, miss Potts,’ Steve said from the kitchen, where he was cutting salmon. ‘Will you stay for dinner? It’s sushi night tonight.’
'Scott, huh? That your real name? Lot of guys come in here, telling their name is Mike. When you ask for a last name it's Magic. I need to know if I can trust you, Scott.'
'Wake up, Cap, we're here!' Tony said. Steve hadn't even noticed they stopped. 'It's a nice city, don't you think? I like it better at night. You should come over sometime, you have a great view over the city from my balcony. You can see so many lights, I'm sure you'll love it.'
'More than ready!' Tony grinned. He looked incredibly happy. He helped Steve up the stairs, a real gentleman, if he wasn't just doing it for the sex. But Steve played along and acted like he was flattered. He took Tony's hand and let him lead him to the room. Steve held his breath as the door closed behind him.
Steve patiently waited in line, trying his very best not to draw any attention to him. He was sweating and his heartbeat was speeding up again, but he kept his composure. When it was his turn he placed his wallet against the gate. He held his breath as he tried to stay close to the person before him without being too obvious. When the doors closed behind him they hit his leg, but he did get through. There were no alarms, there was no one calling himback, there was no one even looking at him. Nobody had noticed. Steve couldn’t believe this had actually worked!
‘Do you need a ride home?’ Tony asked. The moment the words left his mouth he realized his mistake. ‘Not because I want you to invite me in for coffee or anything. But you mentioned you’re here by public transport and it’s really no problem to drive you home.’
The plane was already waiting for them. The pilots were a little grouchy, because they had waited for such a long time, but the stewards were nothing but smiles and friendliness. Steve lingered a little, looking at the jet. He was looking at the motors when Tony grabbed his arm and dragged him inside.
‘I hope you enjoyed it while it lasted, because this has been your last date with him,’ Rhodey said as he put some lasagna on his plate.
‘I still think an archer would be way cooler,’ Clint answered. ‘But Sam is right, the kids will probably like it a lot.’
'Comic books!' Tony grinned. 'And my father used to tell me reading comics was a waste of time.They were history lessons. But I'm afraid the world isn't completely Hydra-free yet, so I see a job for you, Cap.'
Steve wasn't just good looking, he was also the best graphic designer ever. Probably the reason why Pepper hired him, she could look through good looks. But not only was Steve ahead with his work, he also understood Stark Industries and this project. All the color schemes he had sent were perfect! Tony had a hard time deciding which was the best. Eventually he picked the red and gold pattern. It was fun and bold and suitable for kids. The moment Steve knew what colors he would be working, he came up with logos, patterns, and flyers. Tony couldn't help but compliment him. Via email, he didn't want to slap his ass again. Slapping Rhodey's butt was not convincing enough yet, he needed more victims.
‘LISTEN UP!’ he said, shutting everyone else up. ‘I’m not looking for a sidekick, so get the hell out of here already. I don’t have time for this shit.’
‘Yes, and you destroyed it,’ Steve chuckled. ‘I’m afraid the technology died with the person who actually made it, so you’re going to get old, mister Stark. I’m sorry.’
'I know you're into guys, Stevie, but maybe that approach is a bit too direct, asking him to look at your junk,' he said with a big grin. 'That's a bit too much for most people. Now let me see that art of yours!'
'Yes, I'm the team leader, but I was the best candidate to go undercover here. Partly because I can walk in heels. And I bet I can outrun you in these shoes!'
‘I don’t want to bother with burying your body, thank you very much!’ Tony groaned as he started to undress. He was wearing his under suit for the armor underneath his clothes, so thankfully he didn’t have to stand in his underwear in the freezing cold. The moment all his clothes were off he called the armor and within seconds it was wrapped around him, clicking all the pieces safely together.
'You can all get up,' Sam said with a kinder voice than he had used before. 'We'll have to take you to the station. You won't be charged for prostitution, but we do want to talk to all of you. You can all go and get your clothes, buy don't change yet. You're more anonymous in these clothes and you might like that, since there is a lot of press outside.'
'It's clouded! We can't even see the stars!' Steve sighed. 'I didn't wait seventy years to freeze to death. They can wait a day longer. You said they needed me as a bodyguard, so there's no emergency. We're staying here for the night.'
'Had to keep it realistic,' Tony grinned. 'All those people think I slept with him, so he could handle some ass-grabbing. He might be my type.'
Steve didn't answer, he didn't even hear Tony. He was too overwhelmed by all the amazing things in the workshop. This is what he had read about in science fiction books, this was what the future was supposed to look like. Robots, flashing computer screens, and holograms floating in the air. It was amazing and felt unreal. Steve wanted to touch it all, see how it worked, but Tony woke him up from his thoughts.
'This doesn't work,' Tony said, not sad at all. 'But I have hundreds of other ideas! Let's play again next week. I'll bring paper and pencils and we'll draw the new ideas!'
'You crashed a plane?' Clint asked. 'Did it have bombs in it with names of different cities that Hydra was going to attack?'
‘Why did you act like you were me?’ Rhodey asked. ‘It was a guy, you know I wasn’t going to change my mind and try dating a guy. You could have just acted like yourself.’
'A regular had promised me he would visit me tonight, but he's still not here,' Steve said, pouting in, what he hoped, a cute way. 'His loss. You got here first.'
It wasn’t just his looks, James was really nice too. He was funny and he blushed adorably when Tony complimented him. This guy was almost too good to be true. They had clicked, it just worked out, and Tony had an amazing evening, until he remembered he had lied to James. Even if Rhodey was okay with Tony dating this man, James would probably be angry that he lied to him. Who would trust a guy that lied like that on the first date? Tony definitely wouldn’t.
'Steve,' Tony said. 'Could you make a smaller version of our logo, so we can use it on letters? I know I said we'd do everything digital, but apparently we're working together with some very old fashioned companies, who don't understand the concept of a paperless office.'
'No way! Seriously? You scored a girl before I did?' Tony asked surprised. 'When? Where? Tell me everything! Great job, man!'
‘Deal,’ the guy said softly, before stepping a little closer to Steve, like they actually were a couple. ‘The guy I dumped, because he was cheating on me, just walked in. He brought the most beautiful woman ever and I really don’t want to face him without a date that is better looking than his date.’
The trip to Manhattan seemed to take forever, and Steve was glad to get some air on his way to the gallery. The place was beautifully decorated for the event and smartly dressed people entered the building. Steve felt like he didn’t belong, but he put a smile on his face as he entered. He was handed a little flyer with information about the exposition, and a glass of champagne. Steve stuffed the flyer away, not really interested in the art, before he made his way through the crowd, looking for familiar faces. He only saw a few people he knew, so he went to greet them, hoping they would introduce him to the important people in the world of art.
Things were going well. Now that Steve and Tony found a rhythm in dealing with the guys at the club, they ended up with great results. Steve would give Tony names and descriptions of the guys who had a name tattooed on their arm and Tony would approach them a few nights later. He got a confession out of Ashley and he had a nice chat with Cassandra. Cassandra didn't trust him though and hadn't said a word about Ronan. With a little help from Steve and another 'threesome' later, Cassandra had told his story as well.
They both showered and changed into something without oil or paint stains. Tony drove them to Rhodey's place and they happily greeted their friends. They drank something together and caught up with each others lives. Rhodey told them about his job at the air force and his wife explained her new job at the hospital, while Tony said a few words about his company and Steve talked about his future exposition in a big art gallery in Manhattan.
'Since this is all you've seen, you can just shout Stefanie. The real me doesn't look anything like this at all. So, will I be dreaming about Tony tonight, or isn't that you're real name either?'
‘Just around the corner,’ Steve said. ‘It’s not in plain view as the rest of the shops, so only people who know about it come in there. It’s never too crowded to relax.’
And there he was, on a motor bike. Tony recognized him even before he took off his helmet. No one else had a shoulder to waist line like that. Tony was about to run outside, but when he was at the front door his coffee kicked in: he didn't even know his name! It would be awkward and weird if he would run out without a reason. He needed a reason! Tony looked around, searching for something, anything that could make him go next door. His eyes fell on the coffee in his hands. That was it!
Tony raised an eyebrow at the dark-haired man in front of him, who shook his hand and placed his other hand on Tony's arm. He was about as tall as Tony himself, but with twice the weight. He was obviously a baker, since he was wearing the white button up shirt with the logo. On his chest the name 'Buddy' was written.
‘That’s awkward,’ Tony answered, not looking Steve in the eyes. ‘Half of the people here didn’t even greet me in return. They acted like I’m invisible.’
'Maybe you can tell him where you come from?' Steve asked. 'Where did you live? Did you have family? Friends maybe?'
Clint wasn’t a bad cook, Tony noted when they were eating the food he prepared. It would come in handy, since they probably had to bring food on their excursion too. Luckily Clint was so much of a dog fan that he was talking to them now, instead of to Tony. This way the genius billionaire could focus on the information again.
Even on their 70th anniversary Steve had still chosen Tony first. He couldn't carry him anymore and the sex wasn't what it used to be, but they touched and kissed and loved.
After two months of dating, Steve and Tony walked into Stark tower after one of their little coffee dates. It became a regular thing to have coffee together at least once a week and discuss what kind of amazing things they could make Iron Man do in the comics Steve was drawing. Steve no longer worked in the Stark Industries building, but sometimes he walked back with Tony to say hi to his friends  and former colleagues.
‘Thank you?’ Steve answered, not sure if he should take it as a compliment. ‘So, what’s your name? And who is the guy we’re looking for?’
'I walked,' the boy answered simply. 'I come from over the hills. Are you trying to fly? Do you have magic?' You don't look like you have magic.'
They made their way to a little bus and the tour guide drove them to their destination. They changed into their wetsuits and helmets before they put their clothes and bags in a locker. The guide brought them into the caves and their tour started. They had to walk and climb a little before they had to get in the tubes. The water was rough, but not too rough and Tony really enjoyed being pushed around in the tube, finding his way through the dark caves. The only light came from the small lamps on their helmets.
'Really now?' Tony laughed. 'Need to take a look at the real deal, so you won't accidentally make a mistake?'
Bucky's eyes almost fell out of his head. Natasha looked very good in the black leather outfit she was currently wearing. Sexy, extremely sexy, but still in a way that showed she could kill you with her bare hands.
‘Better late than never, I’m really happy to see you,’ Steve said, a bright smile on his face and hope in his eyes. He got back on his feet and turned back to the monster.
'What?!' Steve asked, anger in his voice. This guy was a cop?! Did Fury think he couldn't do this on his own?
A knock on the door woke him up at dawn. He hastily disentangled himself from Tony, dragged down his still damp tunic and pulled it on, grimacing at the salty tackiness of it. Standing outside was a hermit. A lady hermit, this time.
"Pleased to meet you, Colonel Rhodes." Tony was sure Steve's smile was doing nothing to help cure Rhodey's internal squeeing. Or maybe he only had that effect on Tony.
The next afternoon he was in his armor shoving the massive tables to the wall in what he assumed had been the dining hall, when he heard banging on the gate doors. Making his way to the front he could also hear the sound of metal striking metal, the restless whinnying of horses and men shouting. Sounded like he had company.
I'm not gonna.... What makes you think he's even.... Rhodey! Seriously! He isn't.... He doesn't..... You think he has feelings for me?" That last bit sounded just pathetically hopeful, even Tony could admit that. That's what living a Sting-song did to a man, obviously. Tony Stark, living the Dream of the Blue Turtles!
It was an awful mess, but he let himself drown in the sensation of being kissed by Steve. Until the man slid a hand under Tony's shirt. Then Tony pulled the shirt back down, reflexively. This was so not the time to have a discussion about the visible evidence of palladium poisoning. In fact, Tony would prefer that time to be never.
He rolled his head to the side to watch Steve's profile. The tv didn't seem to faze him, particularly, or maybe it was just that he had already reached his limits and was now beyond fazing.
get off. Maybe do it a couple more times if we like it. We move on”. He locks his gaze with Steve's. “What do you think?”
It was the most Tony had said to him in three days. Steve didn't know if he was grateful the man was trying connect again, if only to get a rise out of him, or annoyed that he just couldn't let things be.
"I highly doubt it. If seventy years in ice didn't kill me, a few hours in the troposphere won't either." Steve's voice was wry.
“Good, good,” Tony breathed. And he started to slowly peel parts away from the motorcycle, flicking them over towards the asteroid cloud. Steve wanted to shout at him to just get the fucking wheels off, but he couldn’t do it and maintain the spells. All he could do was clench his jaw a little harder. Tony was digging parts out of the middle instead. It took about 15 interminable minutes before Tony flicked his wand one last time and a jagged piece of bike came flying out that Steve could just tell was rigid with rage, somehow. Suddenly the motorcycle went completely still and Steve was about to lower it to the floor gently with a sigh of relief, when Tony hissed
"Well. I feel like complete and utter crap." His voice was barely a whisper. "I take it I am not dead then."
,” Tony scoffed, as he hoisted himself upright quite melodramatically. He was still wearing yesterday’s clothes, because Steve hadn’t dared to take off more than his shoes.
Tony nodded in acknowledgment. "Why did you go alone? You know some of us would have gone with you if you'd asked." Probably not Tony, because he was profoundly uncomfortable with the whole concept of church, but he was sure Natasha would have. And if she hadn't, Tony probably would have sucked it up and gone.
He didn't think Percival had understood, but Steve somehow communicated the necessary shift in position to him and within a couple of minutes they had maneuvered themselves out of the way, leaving a clear path between Tony and the wraith, lich, whatever.
Steve raised his voice: "Okay, listen up everyone!" The room was immediately silent, except for a sniffle or two. "This is likely a power outage that will last less than 20 minutes. You will all stay here with Cecilia, who has water if you need it. She has two flashlights and some of your phones have lights. To make sure they last, ration the light. This gentleman here will leave his phone on first, the rest of you turn yours off. When his battery dies, the next one can turn on. Do not leave this room. Hold your child's hand until the light comes back on." He paused, then decided to be honest. "We noticed 3 people are missing, I will take a flashlight and go look for them. Stay here with Cecilia and all will be well." And with that he turned, patted grandma's hand and ran out of the room. Where the
He shouldn't have mentioned the suit. Tony was just working himself up into a fine lather and Steve was looking more obstinate by the second, when Morgaine swanned into the garden with Accolon and Mordred in tow. Immediately, Steve and Tony acquired pleasant expressions and turned to stand shoulder to shoulder facing Morgaine.
"I have an unfortunate sense of humor," said Tony dismissively, "Sir Stephen can bear witness to that, if you want. But I thought the Grail was a cup."
"Damn it," Tony spat, "Must have been that bored looking shop girl. Any other pictures, JARVIS? Ice cream place? The electronics store? Anything in our Del and Corbin get up?" JARVIS was silent for a few seconds.
By the time he reached the castle, the sun was starting to set and the light had that rosy quality that made the building look like something out of a fairy tale. Birds were singing and the river nearby splashed prettily over the rocks. It came as quite a shock to the system to enter the courtyard and see Gawaine and Lancelot stand over a pile of beheaded corpses in black armor. Gawaine was still in the process of severing the head of one last body. Steve looked around for Percival and Bors and spotted them standing on the other side of the yard with their arms full of black hilted swords. Several ladies and young children were standing on the top of the stairs to the main entrance.
