"Can't promise anything," Dean retorted, laughing as the girls made fake gagging noises and disgusted facial expressions. "See you guys tomorrow," he chuckled, waving goodbye as they continued making fun of him, until he was out of sight.
"What, the shirt I got you today wasn't good enough?" Dean teased, trying to lighten the mood. Cas was always so serious, always making Dean's face incredibly red, so he thought this was a safe route to take. Teasing Cas just like he would tease Sammy.
Dean licked his lips, taking the seat next to Cas so he could eat too. “Just a couple things you might need for the next few days. I don’t want you two starving to death out there.” He didn’t look at the angel, instead focusing on his food in front of him. They were all almost done eating and Dean hadn’t touched his yet.
Dean gave Cas a look that conveyed exactly how unsure he was and Cas pressed his lips together in understanding. “Claire, why don’t you have a seat,” Dean said softly, leading her over to an empty bed where she sat down without question. “Charlie, let’s get this thing off my arm. I think Claire needs a minute.” He noticed the unsure expression on Claire’s face, so he figured he wouldn’t push her into talking if she wasn’t ready. He knew he was right when Claire gave him a grateful smile, scooting back on the opposite bed to lean against the wall.
"Cas," Dean whispered, not trusting his voice. Despite the throbbing pain in his arm, he reached up with both hands to cradle Cas' face gently, pulling the angel closer. "I'm so sorry." He wished he had more to offer, something that would help Cas feel better. An apology was all he could give and it didn't feel like enough. "I have to go, but I want you to listen to me, okay?" he said, his voice hoarse as he held back the urge to cry. He hated himself for making Cas feel this way.
"Yeah," Dean agreed quietly. Cas was alive. He didn't have time to worry about the implications of the deal right now. At least he didn't sell his own soul, despite the tempting offer. "How are we going to find him, anyways? He knows we're going to be coming after him. He's probably in hiding."
John nodded, like that was the answer he wanted to hear. “And you like it here?” he wondered, raising an eyebrow slightly. Dean felt like he was invisible now, the two of them just staring each other down, silently daring the other to say something that would warrant a fight.
Dean’s face felt a little red as he realized he did, in fact, give Castiel a nickname. It just rolled off the tongue better than his full name. “No big deal. Castiel is just a mouthful,” Dean defended himself. It didn’t mean anything. They wouldn’t see each other after tonight anyways.
Cas joined in on the laughter, his shoulders shaking as they tried to catch their breath. "I guess it is kind of comical, now that I think about it," he continued laughing, only making Dean laugh harder until there were no longer sounds coming out of his mouth, just unattractive wheezing sounds as his eyes watered.
"Do you want us to stay here?" Cas asked, his voice still groggy from being asleep. Dean wanted to lock eyes with him as soon as his voice touched Dean's eyes, but he ignored that urge.
Dean watched him walk off before turning around and helping Jo onto his back, putting on a show of faking her illness. As she wrapped her arms around his neck, she squeezed a little too tight, her lips next to his ear. “If you ever call me sweetheart again, I’ll cut your balls off,” she threatened, then loosened her hold on his neck and kissed his cheek sweetly. “Love you, though.”
Cas was silent for a moment, curiously eyeing him. "I don't want to waste time adjusting to a new sleeping environment when I know this one works," he argued, shaking his head stubbornly. "If you want me to sleep in the bed, you'll have to sleep in the bed with me. Otherwise, I'll be on the floor here from now on."
"That sounds like a wonderful idea," Cas chimed in, placing an innocent hand on Dean's shoulder, squeezing gently. Days ago, the gesture would have been normal for the two of them, but now it sent heat up Dean's neck and into his cheeks. Just the sight of Cas' smile made his heart flutter. "I'm sure you're tired of beating me and Charlie at chess by now."
Cas looked up, giving Dean a worried smile. "Okay, just be careful," he sighed, kissing Dean's knuckles before letting him go. "I'll tell Charlie you'll be a little late," he offered, watching Dean work his feet into his boots with his one good arm.
“You love him, right?” she asked, and Dean stared back at her in shock for only a moment before realizing there was only one right answer. There was no lying or pretending. He nodded his head and Ellen gave him a sweet, but fierce smile. “Then you stop at nothing to save him. No matter who gets in your way. In this world, love doesn’t come around often. When it does, you can’t let it go.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean replied, genuinely. “It’s just- there’s someone else.” He felt like an asshole saying it, but he’d feel even worse if he didn’t. Jo deserved someone who could return the same feelings she had, and Dean would never be able to. She wasn’t Cas. “But I really like you, Jo.”
"Dean, behind you!" Jo's voice called out from too far away, unable to stop the thing from jumping him. Dean turned in time to slice through the air, catching a leg or something, but it didn't deter the skinwalker from slamming him into the hard ground. He felt the teeth tearing at his jacket, barely missing his flesh. He knew if that thing sank it's bite into him, he was a goner. His knife had been flung out of his hands, across the ground somewhere. "Dean what do I do?" Jo yelled, her gun pointed straight at him, but she wouldn't shoot until he was clear. He knew she wouldn't.
Cas was quiet for a moment, long enough for Dean to look up from his coffee to figure out what he was feeling. "Dean, you know I would stay if-"
“Don’t shoot,” the man said, his hands up in surrender. Dean didn’t move, his eyes searching the man from head to toe. He wore a trench coat and a suit, torn in multiple places. From his face, Dean could tell he wasn’t scared of him, even with the gun at his head. Still, he didn’t look malicious either. His blue eyes seemed understanding. . . trustworthy, even. “I didn’t realize anyone was here. We were just passing through.”
“Was that enough skill for you?” Cas wondered with a smirk, knowing damn well he just took Dean apart with his mouth.
John was quiet for a few moments, making Dean’s stomach churn horribly as he held back the urge to vomit. Finally, the look on John’s face faded back to normal, just blank as he blinked slowly. “I hope that’s true, Dean,” he finally said, articulating each word in a way that made Dean hold his breath. “Because I really want you to stay.” The words hit Dean hard, making his head spin. Of course, John’s response to Dean liking guys would be to kick him out, to never see him again. What else would it be? God, he didn’t know what he expected, but it wasn’t this. Though, hearing it now, he wasn’t surprised at all.
Dean didn’t reply to that, knowing nothing he said could make Cas worry less. Instead, he brushed a finger over Cas’ cheek and kissed his nose. “I’ll see you after work. I’ll be thinking about you all day.”
"Do you remember what you said about holding someone's hand? When you're hurt, holding someone's hand makes it hurt less, right? It grounds you, I think." Dean looked at him again, confused. His stomach hurt, despite having eaten this morning. Maybe it was the guilt. Dean almost got Cas killed, yet here this guy was, talking to him like nothing ever happened. "Do you think that works for emotional wounds?" Cas wondered.
“It won’t be easy,” Cas sighed, slotting his leg between Dean’s to pull them closer together. “But no matter what, we’re making it through this. And then you’re stuck with me forever.” There was a hint of a smile on his face, as far as Dean could tell with what little light the window provided.
Jack's smile was back and brighter than before, as if it hadn't even bothered him in the first place that they'd unintentionally kept their relationship from him. "It's okay, Cas, I'm happy for you," he replied genuinely. "This is awesome!"
"Definitely," Dean hummed, pushing Cas out from between his legs, instead moving them around until they were laying on the bed on their sides, Cas still tucked against Dean's chest. Dean wrapped an arm around Cas, pulling him even closer. Cas realized they were cuddling, something he never thought he'd be doing, especially not with Dean Winchester. Instead of thinking about it too much, he just let it happen. "Go to sleep. Got a project to finish tomorrow," Dean said in his half asleep voice, making Cas smile a little. He sounded so cute like that. Much different from the voice he used when jerking Cas off minutes before.
John looked at Sam, disbelief plastered on his face in place of his anger. Sam shrugged, catching Dean's eyes for a moment before he sighed. "I have to agree with Dean," Sam admitted, voice small. "We've gotten close these past few months and we never planned on splitting up. I want to stay with them too. Nothing against you, dad. It would just feel wrong to leave them like that." Dean audibly let out a sigh of relief, hoping John didn't notice. He was glad Sam had his back. It made it much easier to stand up to his dad when he wasn't alone.
Dean rested his elbows on his knees, staring at his feet as he bit the inside of his cheek nervously. “He offered to keep protecting us if we turn John over to Hell.” Dean waited for Bobby’s firm “no” but it never came. Dean glanced up, only to see that Bobby was actually considering Dean’s words. “There would be no more sacrifices, but I’m not sure I could turn my own dad over to demons. Would I be any better than him if I did?”
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean answered, hesitating in the doorway. “He’s got a cold, so keep your distance.” He left a confused Cas sitting in the dining room with Jack, quickly making his way to Sam’s room. He gently opened the door, his eyes finding Sammy curled up under his blanket. “Hey, I grabbed some dinner,” he said.
"You're quiet," Charlie noticed, her shoulder bumping his as they walked, even her smile unable to put him in a better mood. When she realized that, her smile started to fade, replaced by a look of sad understanding. "I noticed you and your friend seem to be in the middle of an argument or something. It's kind of obvious, the way you two walk so far apart and refuse to even glance at each other." Dean didn't disagree, but he didn't reply either. "Hey, don't worry, he'll come around," she added, her voice quiet so the others couldn't hear her.
"Dean?" Cas asked after ten minutes of silence, their feet scraping the concrete the only noise filling the air. Dean didn't want to talk, fearing his voice would betray him somehow. Instead, he glanced at Cas as they walked, an eyebrow raised in question. Cas glanced down, but Dean didn't understand what he was looking at. Dean's hands? That couldn't be it. Maybe his bags. "Dean, do you remember when you put stitches in my head two months ago, after the first vampire attack?" he continued, his voice warmer than usual.
Cas’ cheeks flushed red for a moment as he stared at Dean in a bit of shock. Eventually, he shook his head, wrapping his arm around Dean’s waist to support his weight. “Let’s get you to Charlie,” he said, dragging Dean towards the door. Dean didn’t argue, mostly because he didn’t have the energy. Dean was just glad Sam and Jack were already gone when Cas dragged his ass out the door onto the sidewalk.
"I'd like that, Dean," Cas rasped, letting Dean sit up again, but he didn't break eye contact. "Do you want to do it like last time? I can sit up-"
He threw a punch at the canine, knocking it back enough that it started to run off, but Dean reached blindly and grabbed. Just as he did, the thing shifted back to human, slipping out of Dean's grip while Dean stared at the guy in shock. "Damn son of a bitch," he growled, lunging after the naked guy despite not really wanting to get up in the dude's business. He managed to wrap his arms around the guy from the side long enough to lock eyes with Jo, less than a hundred feet between them. "Shoot now!" he screamed, locking his arms tight around the skinwalker's arms and torso as it fought in his grip. Dean held him just off center enough that if the bullet went through it's heart, it would only hit Dean's arm.
Dean's hand flew to his waist, fingers wrapping around the blade of his knife. Jo reached for her gun, filled with silver bullets. Whether they had to get close to kill this thing, or take a shot from a distance, it was going down. Jo met Dean's eyes again, a silent conversation ensuing between the two of them. Dean nodded, completely understanding by the look in her eyes, the subtle gesture for him to go ahead of her to get a better look at what they were dealing with.
“Sam, they could be going after our friends,” Dean cut him off, glancing back to see John and his guys slowly disappearing into the neighborhood. They had to go now before they lost them. “We won’t get involved unless we have to, but we need to follow them.”
Dean swallowed down his nerves. “Dad, come on,” Dean pushed, refusing to break eye contact even though he felt like throwing up. “You know something. Kaia wouldn’t leave her friends behind without so much as a goodbye. If you know what happened to her-”
Bobby raised an eyebrow at Dean, as if asking if that were true. Dean wished it weren’t, but unfortunately, he was about to tell them something that would seem like it couldn’t be true. “It’s about John,” Dean started, watching as Bobby’s facial expression changed to a scowl. He moved to sit down next to Sam, both of them watching Dean, waiting for the news. “Today, I found out that he’s working with demons.”
Dean froze, only for a moment, letting that sink in. She knew their name. "How the hell did you know that?" he demanded, gripping Sammy's arm, as if that would protect him from these stalkers. Jody put her hands up in defense, taking a step back. Dean felt the urge to run, even if that meant leaving all of their belongings here.
"It'll be a nice surprise for him too when he sees you boys. Doesn't know you're here yet," John answered, patting Dean on the back before taking a step back. "I've got more business to attend to, but I'll see you in the morning."
“Beat him to near death?” Dean finished, his voice nearly a growl as he thought about the way John hurt Kaia before turning her over to be sacrificed. He was probably doing the same, if not worse, to Cas right now. “If I see him again, he’s fucking dead. I’ll kill him myself.”
Every day since Kaia’s return felt like walking on eggshells. Dean kept waiting for the other shoe to drop, for Kaia to turn up missing again, or for Claire to not show up for work every morning because she’d been taken. Dean didn’t tell anyone about the man he saw in the woods the night he found Kaia, but he didn’t stop looking either. The man was nowhere to be found. Not in the abandoned houses surrounding the neighborhood, or in the woods outside the gate, and he sure as hell didn’t live in the neighborhood. It was as if the guy was a part of Dean’s imagination.
“I will,” Charlie promised, helping Dean lay back down before bringing the covers up over his legs. She ran her fingers through his hair for a few seconds before turning out the light above his head. “Get some rest. I’ll be back first thing in the morning.”
Dean kept Cas by his side, watching him worriedly as they walked deeper into the forest. Sam and Bobby walked on either side of John to keep him going, ignoring his protests and pleading. Dean tuned it out mostly because the John Winchester he used to know was dead to him. No amount of begging or bribing could bring him back.
He rummaged through his closet for clothes to put on, finding a pair of jeans Cas hadn't stolen yet and a green t-shirt. The pants went on easily, but the shirt was always a struggle, so he didn't even try. He balled up the dark material in his hand and went in search of Cas, or anyone at this point, to help him. He didn't get far down the hall before bumping into Sam, the other man fully dressed and alert.
Dean gulped down his nerves, blinking slowly. "Yeah, sure," he answered, looking away as he rested his head back against the headboard, settling in as he listened to Cas' breaths beside him.
"Goodnight," Cas answered, relaxing completely despite this odd situation. Every part of him wanted to question it, but he didn't. He just went back to sleep.
"Right," Dean replied, grateful for her understanding. If she was suspicious of anything, about Dean's true feelings, she didn't say so. Dean appreciated that. He knew not everyone in this little neighborhood would be as understanding as Charlie, so he was glad he at least had her to talk to if he ever did need to tell someone the truth. "Do people around here care about that sort of thing?" Dean found himself asking after a long moment of silence, his eyes still burning into the back of Castiel's head, wishing he could walk next to him, holding his hand like they had this morning. It was a comforting feeling. Charlie's grip on his arm was somewhat comforting, but it wasn't the same.
Dean shrugged, feeling the heavy weight of the bag on his shoulder only when he moved it. "I guess, maybe?" he mumbled, unsure of what this had to do with anything. What got Cas thinking about 'emotional wounds' in the first place? "Why, do you have some kind of emotional wound?" Dean asked, half teasing.
Dean let out a deep breath as he realized just how badly he fucked up. This was the second time he disappeared without telling Cas where he was. After he promised the first time it happened that he’d never do it again. “I know,” Dean answered, feeling so incredibly stupid for hurting Cas like that again. “I know how stupid it was, but people’s lives were in danger. I had to do something.”
Cas looked down at him as Dean leaned in, planting a wet kiss to the inside of Cas' thigh. "Very okay, Dean," he breathed, scooting a little closer to the edge of the cushion. Dean smirked, slipping his hand under the thin fabric covering Cas' legs, pressing his fingertips into his firm hip. Cas gasped when Dean's teeth scraped the skin of his thigh, then soothed the sensitive spot with an open mouthed kiss. Dean groaned as Cas' fingers threaded through his hair and tugged a little harder than necessary.
“I didn’t make the deal, Sammy!” Dean yelled over him, narrowing his eyes until Sam huffed and sat back down, crossing his arms over his chest. “He wanted to make a deal, but I told him I needed time to figure out what to do.”
“Why not?” Dean seethed, leaning forward to put more weight on John’s chest. “She never would have sent me to fucking conversion threapy when I was just a kid. She would have accepted who I am. She would have been happy for me and Cas. She would have loved him. But you-”
"No thanks, I'll find another way," Dean remarked, with a sarcastic smile on his face. "Deal or no deal?"
Dean, still half asleep, cocked his head to the side, as if he didn't understand. Then it dawned on him and he chuckled, turning Cas back to his original position and pulling him back against his chest. "No, it's okay," he mumbled into the crook of Cas' neck, holding him tight. "I did that to help you feel better. I don't expect anything in return," he promised, his words nothing but genuine.
Dean made Cas wait outside while he grabbed their dinner, just to make it a quick in and out trip. Once he had their food, they continued towards the wall, taking a path through the trees a little out of the way, just to make sure no one was following. When they made it to Baby, it was starting to get dark outside. Dean dug the keys out of his pocket and unlocked the doors, handing the food to Cas as they both climbed into their seats.
"Yeah," Dean croaked, letting go of his death grip on the table, instead wiping his sweaty palm on his jeans. He cleared his throat, trying to get over himself. "So, tell me about this secret girlfriend of yours," he said, changing the subject even though he still had tears in his eyes and his chest was aching.
"Don't worry," Cas whispered against his ear, kissing the soft skin on Dean's jaw. "We'll make it." Dean threw his head back in defeat, letting Cas have his way with him. It wasn't the original plan, but damn if he didn't want it.
Cas glanced at him for a second, then back at the paper. "Not yet," he answered, his eyes roaming over the paper, pen flying across the page. Dean waited, anticipation building up. He wanted to kiss Cas so bad it was killing him. He opened his mouth to complain some more, but then Cas sat the papers down and met Dean's eye. "Okay, now," he said, and before the words were even out of his mouth, Dean grabbed the edge of the counter with his good hand and hauled himself back to his feet, yanking Cas against him to slot their mouths together in a hard kiss. Cas groaned in slight surprise, but soon had a grip on Dean's hips, pushing him back against the counter. Dean's hand was in Cas' hair, tugging hard as Cas rolled his hips against Dean's.
Dean's eyes widened in surprise, but Bobby didn't seem to be judging at all. That made Dean feel a little more comfortable about where this conversation was headed. Sure, Dean had told Bobby about his sexuality before, but that was years ago. What if Bobby's views had changed?
Charlie stood, leaning forward to press a kiss to Dean's cheek with a grin. "Yeah, but you love me," she whispered, messing up his hair as she walked around to the other side of the bed, rummaging through the supplies on the table over there. Dean rolled his eyes but he lost that round, so he shut up. He let Charlie check out his arm without complaining, even though it hurt. He stayed quiet until the door opened and Cas walked back into the building, holding three plates of food in his arms.
"We need to do a sweep of the house," Dean announced, making eye contact with Sam. His brother knew the drill, even if it had been ten years since their last hunt. Always check the house before making yourself comfortable. "You and Jack salt the doors and windows down here, me and Cas will get the upstairs. You know the drill." He couldn't let Cas and Jack go off on their own and Dean didn't feel like answering Jack's twenty questions, so this was the only option.
“That’s what they always say,” she sighed, shoving her hands in her pockets with a sad look on her face. “I bet it’s Charlie, isn’t it? I always see you two giving each other secret looks. I hate to break it to you, but you’re not really her type.”
Cas all but forced Dean to sit down in one of the chairs, hovering beside him like Dean might disappear if Cas was father than a few inches from him. Dean felt guilty because he caused Cas to worry like this by not coming home last night, but there wasn't much he could do to fix it now. He grabbed Cas' hand and held on as tight as he comfortably could without his bruised knuckles screaming in protest.
"Not much detail to get into," Dean answered, almost too quickly. He felt the blush creeping onto his face and tried to cover up his nerves by clearing his throat. There was nothing about how he and Cas met that screamed 'I'm bisexual and I wanna fuck my best friend' but somehow, Dean was still worried he'd give it away by talking about anything related to Cas.
After ten minutes, Dean grew used to Cas' hand in his. The silence between them became comforting, almost like Cas knew Dean didn't want to talk about it. Except, holding Cas' hand was almost better than talking it out, because it said everything they needed to say without actual words. Cas was helping Dean understand that maybe it wasn't his fault when something went wrong. Maybe sometimes, things just got fucked up because that was something that just happened. It wasn't like Dean forgave himself or anything, but he actually was starting to feel better.
Sam immediately rolled his eyes, followed by a heavy sigh. "Dean, you really don't want to get me started on secret relationships," he insinuated, eyeing Dean seriously. Dean opened his mouth to ask what the hell he meant, but then he realized Sam was definitely talking about Cas. So the fucker did know. He gave Sam a death glare and Sam shrugged. "I'm just saying, neither of us are very smooth when it comes to our. . . partners."
Sam completely ignored Cas' greeting, his eyes instead landing on Dean, or more specifically, his arm in that stupid sling. "Dean, are you okay?" he demanded, moving towards Dean' side of the bed. Dean grabbed a pillow quickly, throwing over his lap because the last thing he needed was for Sam to see him sporting a freaking hard-on for the angel. "I would have been here sooner, but dad just now told me what happened. I rushed home as soon as he told me."
“Actions have consequences,” John replied, a hint of smugness on his face. “If you steal, you get punished. That’s just how it works. Someone is going to be punished for this. You can’t be everywhere all the time.” Dean knew there was more behind the threat. Something more than just a slap on the wrist, or being locked away without food for a week. Who knew what would happen if John got his hands on one of Dean’s friends? They’d probably become the next sacrifice for Crowley.
Everyone at the table seemed to settle into an awkward silence, Jack and Cas sharing a glance as Sam raised an eyebrow. “Should we give you two a minute to talk?” Cas wondered, moving to get up from the table. Dean held out a hand, stopping him, gesturing for him to sit back down. “We don’t mind eating in the other room,” Cas offered, slowly dragging his chair back to the table.
"Lucifer had been locked in a cage in the depths of Hell for a very long time, but with Heaven in a state of such chaos, no one noticed when the devil himself escaped right from under our noses," he continued, and Dean felt himself tense at the mention of the world's greatest evil. "The next thing we knew, people were getting infected with some kind of demonic disease, creating what you humans would call zombies, or the undead. Whatever it was, these things weren't human. People were dying faster than Heaven or Hell could manage, souls getting lost, ending up in the wrong places. Michael and Raphael were still fighting, so some angels, including myself, formed a rebellion. We planned to lock Lucifer away again, gain control of Heaven, and get the demon virus under control as soon as possible."
After a few blissful moments his actions had hit him for six, he'd finished to thoughts of Cas or more importantly thoughts of Cas looking at him with undisguised hunger. Communication with Cas was at a standstill only replying that he was working whenever Cas made contact and never once initiating it.
"Dean, Mr Novak, you'll have to come down to the station for a statement. I'll call forensics, once they're done you can get this place secure," informed Jody.
"Moose, is it really you?" Dean watched gobsmacked as Sam surged forward pulling Gabriel into his arms, what the hell was going on!
"What? No. Shit Dean my phone died and Gabriel is probably worried what with -" Cas stopped talking which had the flare of worry in Dean's stomach turn into a blaze.
Sam was lying on his bed feigning sleep while ignoring his housemate, the light sound of his cell had him wishing he'd silenced it. The louder it got he recognized it was Led Zepplin, meaning Dean was calling.
"Well I thought we could host everyone here tonight, there's enough space and we even have a stone oven out the back so we could make our own pizza."
Seven people loved Cas' burgers more than his, he'd shot himself in the foot by voting for Cas' too. God, they were delicious so much he had been close to dropping to his knees to beg for the recipe, luckily his pride stopped him and he wanted a few attempts to recreate it first, certain he could figure it out. Cas, Victor, Gadreel, and Charlie had voted for his burgers.
Leaving his office he goes in search of Charlie, trying to keep the smile off his face. The woman is like a bloodhound, just a peak of his good mood will have her frothing at the mouth with a shit load of questions he can't answer and doesn't even want to think about.
"Yep, take it from me, I won a date with your Mom because I brought her a maple bacon cupcake," informs John gladly accepting a kiss from Mary.
Sam was there for moral support, leaving Benny to pace like crazy outside with the rest of them. Otherwise things were going well Cas had gleefully quit his job at the Gas Station for afterschool shifts and early Saturdays at House of Carbs.
"Um, I thought some honey but now I'm thinking honey chocolates." Charlie nods for that idea too wrapped up in strawberry heaven to talk. "Bookmarks obviously and one more thing maybe a pin or keyring."
"Cas told me you were all superfoods and reduced sugar!" he says sounding outraged unable to stop himself pointing at all the sugar-filled goodies in the case. He's not angry he just didn't figure Cas as the joking kind.
"Yes it's quite the accomplishment, Dean you should give Cas your number." Sam suggests apropos of nothing, while somehow surviving the death glare being sent his way. Instead, taking it as a demand for an explanation. "Well I know Henry would love to share his progress, he can text using your phone." Sam informs smirking all the while.
"Cool, the panel is at two thirty so see you at lunch?" asked Dean hoping to downplay his excitement, desperately hoping for a Star Wars themed lunch while thinking it could be a rather tall order.
A week later found Cas in his room, bored. It had been a strange week, being free from work had him chilling out with Gabriel (once he'd stopped shouting) and catching up on all his cat videos.
"Yes Daddy, I'm sorry Cas it's just really funny." Dean flashed an apologetic look at Cas before addressing Henry once more.
Or at the very least it was a business meeting, Dean was looking to hire Cas. So he had to smell better than he did right now, he really wanted Cas as a friend and he doubted the man had friends who didn't shower. He rushed through his washing ritual still thinking about it, no doubt in his mind that Cas would be doing the same. Dean had spoken to him at work, there was a chance he himself had gotten a little hot and earthy.
"Sure, actually I was thinking about going out." Gabriel attempt to hide his surprise was shockingly bad unable to keep his eyebrows meeting his hairline. Sure Cas hadn't actually been out in the past week but it was hard, he was still keeping up with work and texting Dean.
"Turn around and put your hands behind your back, slowly." directed Hanscum in a far colder voice Dean had expected.
"Sure thing kid, I was thinking burgers all round." the suggestion made Henry smile with glee, he loved it when his uncle ate junk food and Sam could handle a burger every now and then.
"You're home," Dean jumped in surprise at his brother's voice, obviously he'd been so tied up in his thoughts he'd missed the sound of the front door.
"I've got to get out of here," he said grabbing his jacket before rushing out the door, Dean sat back down feeling a little lost. He knows his father wasn't the best that he had some messed up views but he was his Dad and all Dean had wanted was to make him proud.
"Okay, Cas we're going through, I'll make sure you don't trip and no peeking." At first, he wasn't sure how to do that, the gate is to narrow to walk side by side. So Dean moved behind Cas, his hands holding steady to the other man's waist. The ground was visible by looking over Cas' shoulder, with the added bonus of his woody cologne surrounding him. "Is this okay? It's only until we get through the gate."
One changed noticed but in no way discussed by the brothers was the constant accumulation of decorations. It seemed whenever they went out for groceries whether together or alone a new decoration would come back with the food.
Dean was washing the dinner dishes, he'd sat with Sam and Henry without bringing up Friday once. But he needed to sort out child-minding duties only his head had been so filled with thoughts of Cas and their impending date, knowing he'd have to bring words to the night in question. Pulling the plug on the sink Dean decides to bite the bullet.
Cas he noticed was making his way over the distance nothing more than a few strides before he was in front of him wearing dark jeans and his work polo top with the Gas station's logo. "I hope it's okay I came over, um I brought these for you, we didn't have any pie left but these are pretty good." rambled Cas cutely.
"Yeah, he used to do the deliveries before he got promoted, Cas had a little crush on him and I guess Zachariah though of him as fair game."
"Dean, hello I need your help." Dean jumps out of his chair ready and raring to go. Man, he'd hoped this call was purely social Henry's birthday is in a few days hopefully the issue can be sorted quickly.
Dean was feeling a little up against it himself, watching the entire catalog of videos by JoyChasers Dean was obsessing over the perfect gift for Cas, Sam would be happy with some books and he could just bake Gabriel a cake or find something antique.
"Dean, I've found something amazing." ignoring his jump in heart rate Dean turns to find his friend practically glowing.
"I was able to get us day passes and a good spot to park Baby," clarified Cas, I wasn't enough early enough to enter her."
Cas watched Dean's face morph from guarded to prideful in a second, it seemed one compliment to Baby and he became completely disarmed.
"And if I want to be bothered?" Dean simultaneously felt his eyes go wide as his cheeks flamed. Had those words actually come out of his mouth? Cas was probably so insulted. The guy had come over to say hello and Dean was practically throwing himself at him. "Sorry Cas, I mean something like that sounds kind of cool to a grease monkey like me."
Having finished the bag, Henry stopped himself from reaching for the TV control and since his homework could definitely wait, he wondered how he could help his Uncle.  He'd heard mention of the name Gabriel, Cas' brother, the man was a baking master and Henry still hadn't met him or visited his bakery.
"That's awfully sweet, Dean. I'm sure even you couldn't kill a cactus." he teased. "Just remember to talk to it."
"Dean, calm down." Dean gasps at the light touch of Cas' hand on his wrist, the noise making Cas withdraw. Yet he can still feel the heat of it and he really wants it back. "Sit down." Dean does as instructed, his first thought is that the couch is definitely too small. He's squashed up right against Cas, their legs touching, he can't say he doesn't like it, Cas' body heat is too good.
"Cassie you're meant to be on my side," huffed Gabriel snapping fingers causing his and Cas' now untouched calendars to land in their hands.
"I'm not sure I understand." he comments making an adorably confused expression. Adorable? God aliens really have taken him over.
"For how long?" Gabriel thought back knowing it was a few months ago when he bade farewell to the Christmas coffee syrups quickly telling Sam as much.
"I need one of your breakfast muffins and a pear tart before they get snapped up, Sammy deserves a treat." Cas nodded looking at his brother easily seeing the worry and lack of sleep in his eyes.
Waving his hands through the air he caught sight of the baker, Sam and Henry their heads poking up from behind an upturned table.
"But the kid loves them." Dean only scowled until Bobby held up his hands. "Of course, none whatsoever." the sparkle in his eye told another story and Dean prepared himself for the likelihood of nightmares.
"You came back!" exclaimed Henry. "My Dad's already here." Dean deciding it's time for introductions turns back to them, the words he could practically taste suddenly desolving. Due to his world zeroing down to the bluest eyes he has ever seen, nothing has ever been so blue, not the sky, sea or fucking sapphires.
"Yep, I'm named after one, religious family but believe me my brother got the short end of the stick." said the man causing Dean's eyes to go wide, Cas was named for an angel, Cas had a brother called Gabriel.
"I sort of took you at your word, I hope that's okay," Sam had managed to wrap it in a one mega package knowing he wouldn't cope with a one by one reveal.
Also, he's not interested in fact, he can't remember the last time he was. Truly. The connection has been missing lately, even for a casual hook up. He didn't really like to dwell on it, but it was getting harder to ignore. Or harder to dodge Sam's questioning looks when he stayed in. Sam was very much a talking person, Dean struggled with expressing himself (he wanted to change that, to show Henry to be open) though for this particular situation he didn't have any answers. He had no reason for his lack of interest.
Grabbing his phone from the bedside table he was shocked to find it past eleven while at the same time noticing he had a text from Gabriel. It was always a roll of the dice whether it would be useful of just another meme.
of Dean fumbling the box, he was holding before saying hello with blushing cheeks was something Cas liked to revisit, often.
Henry looked at with an expression that screamed 'Duh' before saying. "Yeah, my Uncle Sammy likes pans."
"There you are, I've been looking all over for you!" Cas turned at the voice of his brother Gabriel, who bounded up to him panting. Cas would guarantee it was for flair, not due to any strenuous activity.
"My advice keep it simple." right he could do that, it was probably best not to waffle on. In fact, Dean hadn't been around Cas since he'd realized how he felt, or since his date with Balthazar.
"I can understand that it seems we both have stories for another time." Dean's eyes met Cas' closely, this wasn't the first time Cas had alluded to his past it made Dean wonder how bad it had been.
Quickly Dean brought his brain to a halt, he was getting too far ahead of himself. Hell, he didn't even know where Cas called home, likely it was the other side of the country. Surely a real successful author wouldn't be holed up in Kansas.
"You look so good like this," Cas murmured, his head drooping back against the headboard as Dean finally started moving his hand, wanting to hear those deep groans again,
“I know, it’s stupid,” Dean sighed, tightening his grip on his bag. “But I have to do something.” Just because he told Cas the truth, didn’t mean he wasn’t going to do it. Even if it meant sleeping on the couch and being on the receiving end of Cas’ death glares for the foreseeable future.
Cas hooked his fingers into the band of the jeans, tugging them down until Dean kicked them off the rest of the way, growing even more impatient. "You want to feel my mouth on your cock?" Cas asked, hoping Dean was into this dirty talk thing. Cas wanted to try it. He was a little embarrassed, but it excited him, and luckily, it made Dean's eyes widen slightly as he eagerly nodded his head. Cas grinned, dipping down between Dean's legs, kissing his hips, teasing his fingers down Dean's thighs. "Tell me, Dean," Cas rasped, meeting those green eyes.
“My fa—” Castiel abruptly stops, pressing his teeth together hard enough for a muscle to visibly jump in his jaw.
Castiel absently straightens a crease in the comforter before turning on his laptop. He has work to do.
Castiel looks down at his hands, and Dean wants to plead for forgiveness until the sun rises for the next day.
Castiel drags a hand down his face. Feels the beard he's starting to sport, no longer anything near the controlled stubble he'd previously maintained.
“Dean,” Castiel gasps, turning around so quickly his head spins. “Where have you been—” He blinks, frowning. “Dean. What happened?”
So Dean gets to work baking a cherry pie, taking an anxious shower and changing his clothes as he waits.
And Castiel’s heart stutters over a panicked beat because Dean’s lying there, unmoving. He stumbles over and falls to his knees next to Dean’s prone form, his heart a frightened bird beating at the bars of its cage.
“I wasn’t going to bite him, Dean!” Sam winces, holding his hands up when Dean whirls around with a glare. “Sorry.”
Such a little offering of appeasement will soon be insufficient. Something starving for bottomless oceans simply cannot remain satiated with a tiny puddle.
“Oh,” Castiel murmurs. Slowly, gingerly, he accepts the offering, closing his hand around the bottom of the cone while Dean lets it go. Their fingers brush, and Dean desperately pretends the added heat in his cheeks is from the summer weather. “Thank you, Dean.”
Then an inhale has Dean tensing at Castiel’s back, suddenly alert and somewhat wary. Castiel has half a moment to be confused, before he hears light footsteps moving up the driveway.
Castiel’s face falls. He takes a small step back. “Oh. Did I— I picked a bad time to ask, didn’t I—”
“Um.” Dean worries at his bottom lip with his teeth; Castiel tracks the movement with his eyes like he’s unable to look away. “Yeah— I mean, if you want—”
“You would never hurt me,” Dean turns back to tease, cradling Castiel’s face between his hands. “No, you wouldn’t.”
He spends a few moons studying the health of his grains and narrowing down time, until he is nearly certain the problem occurs when the sun hangs the highest in the sky. Today, Dean’s going to find out what — or who — is consistently harassing his poor plants. Why it (or they) would choose broad daylight to commit the crime is far beyond Dean’s comprehension, and he’s going to make it/them regret it.
When Castiel slowly opens his hand, a cold band sits on his palm. It had belonged to Dean; before that, Mary. He doesn’t remember exactly how it had ended up in his pocket — he must’ve been drunk out of his mind — but now he has it, and he knows he has to hold onto it.
— before returning. Sam finds himself absolutely endeared by the idea of Dean pressing his phone to his chest, protective, as he squeezes by someone in a store aisle, shopping basket handles tucked into the bend of his elbow.
for being too weak and too late to save Dean, for falling apart so easily, for being useless, for always
With a sharp bark, Dean butts his head against the man’s leg. He receives a short helpless sort of laugh and raises a paw to bat insistently against the leg until the laugh melts into something closer to joy.
Without lungs that constantly take from the surrounding air and a beating heart that expends a body’s energy, would such a creature be considered alive?
Despite the greater part of his mind warning him of possible danger, Sam’s curiosity wins and he hesitantly pads forward, heart picking up speed in his chest. Mostly hidden behind a wall, he pokes his head out enough to see.
The man walks slowly, as if unwilling to cut their time short. Obedient, Dean follows at his side, sitting down in front of the door.
Just before he could fall asleep, Dean yawns, getting to his feet and shaking himself from head to toe. His tail waves his pleased satisfaction the whole way back.
Tearing the taped key off, Sam gently sets the plant back down. He moves carefully, attempting to maintain a delicate balance between just-loud-enough-to-be-normal and silent, hoping he wouldn’t startle Castiel with any worries of a possible break in.
The discovery of his immediate dislike for the feeling of hunger so intense it's practically pain nearly floors him.
But Dean knows he can’t hide, knows his actions are screaming far louder than any words he could utter. He can’t help himself.
Heart pounding behind his ribs, Dean only just barely holds back his irritated scowl by busying himself with twisting the cap off the bottle in his hands.
Turns out, the reserved mute kid being suddenly revealed as a not-so-mute dragon familiar causes quite the splash in the pond.
Castiel doesn’t give Dean what he wants. Dean can beg all he wants and Castiel won’t give him a thing, because he likes Dean like this, loves when Dean forgets everything but
When it’s over — so fast, too fast — and rejection stabs at Dean’s heart, he breathes a shaky exhale and bows his head, furiously blinking back tears. He isn’t gonna cry, okay? Dean Winchester ain’t weak enough to
Curling his tail in a protective half circle around Dean, Castiel opens his mouth to reveal rows of the largest and sharpest teeth Dean has ever seen. He rests the end of his tail over Dean’s thighs — it’s a surprisingly reassuring weight — and steps forward with a snarl.
Dean’s heart is racing and he hardly dares to breathe. Castiel’s cheek is in his palm, warm breath ghosting over Dean’s wrist whenever he exhales, and for one moment, everything is still.
He kneels in the dirt next to Dean for so long, the sun is rising for the next day. He kneels in the dirt next to Dean, warm tears slipping slowly and silently down his cheeks until he physically can't cry anymore. He kneels in the dirt, even as his knees and legs protest against the inactivity, even as the body next to him goes cold. He kneels, because he doesn’t know what else to do, because his
He screams even as he watches himself laugh a dark sound and settle a deceptively gentle hand around Dean’s neck.
Castiel sits back to stare at Dean, the delicate area around his eyes puffy from crying. His expression is unreadable when he reaches out, dragging a gentle thumb through the damp tracks streaking down Dean’s cheek.
When Dean makes his way back to his room, he has a silent shadow. Somehow, somewhere, he’d lost the beer. But that’s alright; there’s enough sitting in his stomach to make him looser, more careless. “Why’d you follow me.”
The late afternoon sunshine struggles to shine its light through the dense clouds, gray and heavy with the promise of rain; but the weather has already been moody for the past few days, despite the season. It’s the peak of summer and definitely shows in the stifling heat, the weak breeze just barely enough to disturb the leaves on trees. However, Dean already knows the clouds will not weep, for it is not the time. As he makes his way through the fifteen minute walk to his destination, Dean wonders when the skies will clear.
Dean blinks, his eyes returning to their usual emerald. “No ma’am. I’m taking Cas to the nurse, he’s bleeding.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, at once a discovery and a revelation, hot and damp in the small space separating their lips.
All this time, Dean had thought he would be something small and cute, at most maybe a big cat. Why the
“Dean—” Castiel weakly protests, patiently sitting still as Dean insistently checks him over. “I’m fine. Just got the breath knocked out of me.”
speak his name,” John hisses. “I’m sure all of us here understand — the Winchesters cannot be associated with such dirty blood. I will personally arrange the search for your next bonded, son.”
Castiel glances up with wild eyes, hands sunk deep in the thick fur around the neck of the massive dog pinning him to the floor.
Every thrust rocks the bed, punching breathless little moans from Dean even while they kiss, sloppy and proportionally more uncoordinated as they near their orgasms. Dean spills first across his stomach with a cut off whimper, the way he shudders and clenches and gasps
Dean grunts. It’s like he’d suddenly reverted back through just about all of evolution and landed in caveman times.
A beat of hesitation later, Dean stumbles up and away from the table; he knocks his knee against the sturdy wood hard enough to punch a low hiss of pain from his lungs, but he grits his teeth and soldiers on. If anything, he’s stubborn. The weight of Castiel’s gaze settles heavy but familiar at his back as he makes his way to the ice cream truck, resolutely not allowing himself to limp in the slightest despite the bruise he could already feel blooming on his kneecap.
Dean freezes, his mind full of static. He had been hoping Castiel would say yes, but now that it’s happening, he doesn’t know what to do with himself.
“You come into my home, threaten an innocent life to force me into compliance, and you’re telling me—” Dean hears the man behind him take a step forward, voice sinking into a deep growl. “—you aren’t trying to provoke conflict?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, and his voice isn’t quite as steady as he’d intended it to be. He spreads a hand around Dean’s side, forearm resting just above the soft sharpness of Dean’s hips, holding him right where Castiel wants him to be.
Humming a tuneless note in response, Castiel signs off the closing statement to his email, sending it off to Charlie. Work: completed. Finally.
Dean mercilessly curb stomps the spark of his irritation into oblivion, pasting a polite smile on his face before turning around.
No doubt concerned by Dean’s thoughtful silence, Castiel’s just about physically vibrating with his anxiety. “Was— Was that okay,” he blurts, cheeks flushed a soft pink.
Castiel stumbles to an abrupt halt a single step from the bed. Dean’s grip isn’t strong enough to force him to stop, but as always, Castiel will let a single touch from Dean be enough. “Dean?”
Sam continues growling, low and guttural, leaning his weight forward on the paw planted in the center of Castiel’s chest.
The doorknob clicks almost silently when it turns, and Dean panics. “Don’t,” he blurts, whirling around. Castiel stops.
“C’mon.” Castiel’s voice trembles with tears he can’t let fall and his heart aches and Dean’s been hurting much more than Castiel could’ve ever imagined, but Castiel grabs Dean’s hand, pressing their palms together as he leads Dean to his home.
The wounds heal quickly; Castiel knows he’ll have to pry them open again and again, all in hopes of temporarily satisfying the curse he’d inflicted on himself.
The quiet gasp forces itself from between Dean’s lips. Turning his head to look at Castiel, Dean involuntarily takes a step away.
Slowly, he opens his mouth to show Dean his too-sharp-to-be-human canines, his pupils shrinking to thin lines and back in between two blinks of his eyes.
Castiel slips through the gathering crowd, stepping silently in front of the girl cowering on the floor by the wall.
“Don’t…” Castiel doesn’t protest, so Dean leaves his hand where it is, a childish part of him marvelling at the smooth scales under his fingers. “Don’t eat him.”
How fascinating. Dean might have been a little turned away from witches because of his personal experiences, but this one…
“Whoa,” Dean gasps. “Real shame, all this time I’ve spent not hearing your voice.” His words hit his brain only after he sees a lovely pink blooming over Castiel’s cheeks. Where the hell did his brain to mouth filter go?
Dean’s asleep sprawled on his back, his face turned away from the sunlight brightening the hallway. Castiel’s almost relieved by how peaceful Dean appears to be, until he moves closer and notices how the comforter is tangled around Dean’s legs, a fine sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead. Even asleep, his brow is pinched with discomfort, the fingers of one hand curling around the edge of the comforter.
Low threatening growl rumbling continuously in his chest, Castiel stalks forward. Dean retreats with his palms out, slowly giving up ground. He doesn’t want to make Castiel angrier, but he also needs to stall long enough for John to flee.
proud of the name he’s made for himself) — but he’s never had any reason to visit. After all, it’s a shop for witches, and Dean is a familiar. He might be a Winchester, born with the magic of the strongest bloodline of familiars in existence, but he’s never clicked with any witch he’s met, and there have been
Dean closes the distance with confident strides. “The hell’s goin’ on?” He shoulders right through the middle of Gordon’s group, ignoring the choice words thrown his way. When he sees Castiel, he whirls back around, angry eyes going gold-green. “You sonuvabitch—”
Under Dean’s wary gaze, it remains still, uncharacteristically so for his rather fidgety little brother. Dread coils thick and heavy in Dean’s stomach, a poisonous snake suddenly occupying an unavoidably significant amount of space. He can’t stop himself from calling out once again as he inches closer, voice hushed with his apprehension.
“So you’re the one killin’ my plants,” Dean says, brushing his fingers through the wilting grains as he approaches the man. At his touch, the golden colour returns to the plants and they straighten, standing tall as they wave gently in the breeze. “Son of Hades?”
Dean allows himself a smile — Castiel won’t be able to see it, anyway — and gets to work, using the damp towel to wipe away traces of dried tears.
Doubling over, Dean calls his magic; it manifests as gold-green flames curling affectionately along his fingers and up his forearms, but Dean’s concentration slips with his panic and they extinguish as fast as they’d appeared. Gordon laughs as he and his goons saunter closer, sneering down at Dean when he falls to his knees, dizzy from the lack of oxygen.
“Hurts,” Castiel mumbled under his breath, mildly grateful for the alcohol in his system working hard to dampen the vicious sensations of such wounds.
Dean can’t even pretend to be annoyed by Castiel taking Sam’s side, because if he has to suffer this indignity to hear Castiel
When he finally remembers his plan, Castiel pats around for the pillow he’d left nearby, slowly lifting Dean’s head enough to slide it under. Selfishly, Castiel allows himself to brush the pad of his thumb over the freckles scattered across Dean’s cheekbone, fingers sliding through Dean’s hair in a lingering touch as Castiel withdraws his hand.
But Castiel has no inclination towards moving. He’d been apathetic for most of the afternoon, making halfhearted attempts at enjoying his usual pastimes before giving up. The most Castiel had gotten himself to do was assemble something like a nest in the cushioned sunken area of his living room, collecting extra pillows and fluffy blankets of dark muted colours around one corner. Next to him sits a pile of books he’d grabbed for no real reason, hoping the photos — of art, food, plants — would provide a tolerable distraction.
“Then, quit—” Dean coughs, wincing when it aggravates his growing headache. Man, oxygen deprivation is no joke. Castiel’s eyes — gentle and slightly more dilated with Dean in their sights — flash with anger, pupils thinning out so much they nearly disappear into the blue, and Dean quickly lays a hand on Castiel’s snout without a second thought. “Quit picking on people.”
Castiel looks almost disappointed. He doesn’t say anything, but there’s something pained in his eyes. Dean hates it.
So when Castiel takes one look at Dean — brows furrowed as flinches and shakes in his fitful sleep, lips forming one syllable he doesn’t voice — and tumbles headfirst into his dreams, Castiel has nothing to blame but his own nature.
“No…” Dean could hardly breathe. What he’d thought he’d known, what he’d accepted for so long… Lies, all of it. “The accident,” he chokes out, “Sammy’s first familiar— You told everyone it was an accident.”
Dean only — reluctantly — releases Castiel when he feels Castiel’s arms loosening, sitting back with a final pat to Castiel’s shoulder. “None of that
It’s been years since he’s last seen his father. Apparently, some things you can never forget, no matter how hard you try.
Castiel’s shedding the fake skin he had on for years, slowly but gradually. He’s becoming himself, and Dean’s losing the ground beneath his feet.
By the time his work day is over, Dean’s tired and frustrated with his own unwritten words. But as he’s mopping down all the floors, his brain spits out a half formed idea, and Dean jumps aboard the tiny raft with all his enthusiasm.
In the morning, as he’s baking all the pastries and breads and pies for the day, Dean realizes he’s been so busy thinking about Castiel’s letter, he’d forgotten to write his reply.
offer the water bottle back to Castiel instead of snatching the lid and attempting to set the bottle aside himself. It’s as close as Dean gets to accepting anyone taking care of him in any way, so Castiel accepts the modest offering for how precious it really is. He’s at once pleasantly surprised and terribly worried by Dean’s behaviour; on one hand, Dean could be doing it to show Castiel he’s genuinely fine, but on the other, Dean could be so
Instead, Castiel turns around, trying to burn the sight of Dean Winchester into an endlessly sad mind. Memorizes the glittering tears spilling down Dean’s cheeks, the precious emerald of Dean’s eyes, the damp clumpy mess of Dean’s thick eyelashes, the shadow of stubble along Dean’s strong jaw, the slight tremble shaking Dean’s lips.
“Please?” The man gasps and grins, delighted, when Dean gets to his feet. “That’s it! Come here, please?”
Inhaling the distinct copper scent of blood, so thick in the air, he could practically taste it coating his tongue in deep crimson.
Dean ends up losing himself when Castiel brings in a careful touch of his teeth, the brief caress of suggested danger shoving Dean bodily over the edge.
Rolling his eyes with a smirk, Sam sits back. “It’s just a hug; no need to get so possessive, Dean.”
“The Moores are a rather insignificant bloodline,” John muses, flippantly. “Still, an acceptable improvement. I never would’ve imagined both my sons getting bonded to the same wretched bloodline — Sam was already one too many, and now look at you.”
Dean smiles. Castiel can't see it, but the warmth of Dean's pleasure seeps into his voice when he purrs, "Good. You ready?"
low voice to croon senseless reassurances and tender apologies to his Baby, whenever he had the time to repair her wounds and deep clean her interior. Castiel misses those times, misses Dean.
His words melt into a low, helpless moan as Castiel strokes him in a loose fist, nipping up the side of his throat. “Cas,
Dean is dying. He's holding his hands to the gaping wound in his side, his blood staining the dirt black, every breath he forces into his lungs an agonized wheeze. Dean is dying and Castiel doesn't have enough grace to keep anyone alive.
Castiel stops in front of the massive hole dug in the ground, rich black displaced soil a small mountain off to one side. Castiel takes a deep breath and resolutely doesn’t think about how it will be his last.
“Good,” Dean grumbles, and doesn’t let go of Castiel. He drags the pad of his thumb in idle runs along the bone of Castiel’s wrist, up and down and
Just before the sun reaches its maximum height in the sky, Dean sets out of his home for a stroll in his field, determined to catch the perpetrator in the act. He has to walk to nearly the edge of the reach of his power before he spots a dark head. So, it’s a
How is Dean’s little mind supposed to comprehend the magnitude of Castiel’s kindness? Those battle worn hands, they’ve constantly given, selflessly—
Castiel’s expression is so unbearably lonely and sad and Dean wants nothing more than to bundle him into his arms. Hold him tight, keep him safe from all the years of torment weighing on his soul.
He’s heard a lot about the little nameless shop — who hasn’t, the place is somehow as well known (read: famous) as Dean’s (Dean is
“You’re my familiar, alright?” Dean tosses the towel to the floor, cradling Castiel’s face between his hands. “Novak or not, I’d rather have you.”
To no one’s surprise, Dean finds himself back at the noname little (huge) shop. For some reason, the instant he walks through the door, Dean feels like he’s finally about to breathe properly. Like a huge weight has been lifted off his shoulders, like he’s finally returned
The rest of Dean’s question abruptly and vehemently launches itself into the void when Castiel reaches out, calm and purposeful, to drag the pad of his thumb down the corner of Dean’s mouth. Dean’s brain stutters and stalls, tripping over right into static at the sight of Castiel bringing the same thumb up to his own mouth —
The kiss is soft and sweet. It’s the hesitant start of something greater, a gentle greeting. No, more than that; it’s a revelation —
By the time his headache recedes completely, it’s dark. He has a lighter in his pocket, but he doesn’t bother. There isn’t much to do at night, anyway; better to lay low and take the extra time to rest.
He’d gotten himself excused from work by citing a sudden onset of feeling unwell, sealing the deal by insisting he’ll finish the day’s work at home in bed. Charlie, a coworker and close friend, had gone a step further than anyone would ever expect, and convinced their boss to let Castiel get a free week’s worth of paid leave instead of using up his sick days. He really couldn’t thank her enough.
“If you want,” Castiel rumbles as he steps out of his slacks, the lock on Dean’s door flipping home without any preamble.
There’s a covered plate of toast and scrambled eggs sitting on Castiel’s marbled kitchen island when he wakes, cooling but not completely cold just yet. The mug of coffee next to it is still blissfully warm and Castiel cradles it in his hands, unable to hold back his drowsy smile as he inhales the rich scent. Standing a little ways from the ensemble is a folded sheet of paper bearing the word
Castiel smiles wide enough to show a flash of straight white teeth. It crinkles the corners of his eyes, and Dean already knows he needs to see it again.
Once, Castiel had stood by and watched for millennia as the world and humans were created, but now… Patience does not seem to come as easily.
“Well, yeah.” Dean hums a sigh. “But if—” Damn, some words are so much easier to say when he doesn’t have to say them.
The next few minutes pass in a blur for Dean; he sighs and whimpers while Castiel bestows hot, open mouthed kisses down his chest — when had he taken off his shirt, Dean doesn’t know — and leisurely removes the rest of Dean’s clothes, deliberate like he’s unwrapping a present. By the time Castiel’s nipping at the sensitive flesh high on Dean’s inner thighs, Dean’s squirming restlessly, whining softly as he pulls feebly at the sheets.
There’s no mistaking it: Dean is significantly warmer than the last time Castiel had checked. The difference isn’t
Castiel places his hand in Dean’s and Dean helps pull him to his feet, tugging Castiel close with an arm over his shoulders as they make their way to the bedroom. Dean sends a flicker of magic back down the stairs to lock the front door, handing Castiel a box of tissues and pushing him towards their bed.
“He said he was going to the store,” Castiel says, utterly unfazed by Dean’s clipped tone. Over the end of the bottle, Dean watches Castiel’s eyes track his throat as he swallows.
He sets the bottles along one wall of the empty meeting hall, striding confidently to the opposite side. The gun is loaded with fluid practiced movements and pointed readily at a target in mere seconds.
“Mm, yeah? You make great coffee, I’ve an awesome bed.” Dean doesn’t know if he’s making sense anymore — his words are slurring. “C’n see you ev’ryday.”
The first droplet lands just underneath the arch of Castiel’s shoulder blade, sliding to pool in between the bars of his ribcage. He gasps, a tiny hitch in his breathing, but Dean immediately stills.
Dean orders two cones identical to the one he’d given Castiel and returns to the table with a confident swagger to his stride, grinning in the face of Sam’s surprise when Dean holds one out toward his brother.
He tries to imagine a pale blue sky stretching above him. He tries to imagine bright sunbeams caressing his face.
Too impatient to wait any longer, Dean packs the pies into their boxes while they’re still warm, stacking them together in one bag before heading out. He saunters around town, greeting everyone he meets, and delivers a pie to Bobby, Jo and Ellen, Charlie, Sam and Jessica. They each tease him in their own ways, wondering about what the “special occasion” must be for Dean to personally give them one of his best selling pies — he grins, giving them a vague shrug before waving goodbye and going on his way.
Castiel watches him for a long moment, fingers curled gently around the white napkin wrapped base of the cone.
Wordlessly, Castiel backs Dean up against the wall, watching hungrily as Dean’s mouth parts with a soft gasp when he has no more ground to give up. Those breathtaking green eyes still hold apprehension in their depths; Castiel needs to change that. Dragging his hands down the warm skin just below Dean’s ribs, Castiel leans forward to nip at Dean’s jaw.
Dean’s anticipation has him strung tight as a bowstring, and he lingers in his hot shower as the pies cool in the kitchen, trying to calm himself so he doesn’t seem too eager. He dries himself quickly, shrugging on a casual long sleeved shirt and dark jeans, rolling up his sleeves to expose his forearms.
“Go up to my room, the left door all the way at the end of the hall,” Castiel tells Dean, who only nods weakly with frightening obedience. “I’m going to get Sam, I’ll be right back.”
Castiel smiles. When he moves to leave, Dean snags his sleeve, looking up at him with pleading eyes until Castiel nods and perches on the edge of the bed.
Gordon nods frantically, mute; he gawks as Castiel rumbles a low purr and nudges forward into Dean’s palm, eyes slipping shut in unparalleled trust.
Dean pushes himself upright, ignoring the way his head and vision swam from the sudden movement. “I’m gonna hug you,” he declares, voice lilting faintly in a question.
Dean shakes his head, releasing Castiel to stumble away and turn his back. “Get out.” He waits for the door to open, waits for the rustle of wings... Waits for Castiel to leave.
Dean sighs and mumbles something nonsensical in his sleep, shifting restlessly before settling again. Only now does Castiel spot the thin, infinitesimal cloud of flour dusting the very tips of Dean’s hair, and he wants to cry.
Dean is simultaneously shocked speechless and in love — and makes his way to the counter near the door, barely paying any attention to all the other people milling about searching for their own purchases or simply browsing. He drops a few bills into the indigo bowl under a
Dean checks his jeans and face for any wayward puffs of flour, then grabs his phone and wallet. Shoving them into his pockets, he trots back into the kitchen to tear the list off his notepad. The page gets folded into his back pocket, and Dean snags his keys on the way out.
because that’s all he has, all he needs, even if Dean doesn’t want him. Not the medication, not the orgies. He had used those as distractions, because the sight of this Dean
Castiel certainly hadn’t been planning to, but he really does need to grab his laptop first. There’s work he has to finish in exchange for the time he’s allowed to spend at home, by Dean’s side.
For what seems to be the millionth time, Dean wonders if Castiel’s other form is a cat. It makes perfect sense. Castiel always seems to like lying in pools of sunlight, hoarding stuff as greedy felines often do, and is rather fickle about things. He’s shy and prickly when faced with excessive attention but thrives on occasional affection, even sometimes seeking out Dean for his presence as they do their separate things. Free time is always appreciated by Castiel and is commonly spent through naps, he alternates randomly between curling his limbs as close to his body as possible and sprawling out like he owns all the space around him, and he’s impossibly flexible. Dean swears he’s practically a cat — it’s ridiculous, the similarities — even in human form. Too bad Castiel refuses to shift.
Every nerve in Dean’s body lights up and he shudders in Castiel’s arms, his blood flooding south faster than he could even think to agree. “Bed,” he manages to gasp between lip bruising kisses, whining a startled noise when Castiel simply slides strong hands under his thighs and
Bobby stands up, tugging on his coat. “’m goin’ with. Ain’t gonna let that bastard hurt anyone again.”
They hug for so long it could probably be considered cuddling, but Dean doesn’t care. If Castiel isn’t prepared for it to end, then Dean will happily never let go. Besides, if he were to be truly and pathetically honest… maybe he needed the hug as well.
bad news, my dumb brain has gotten stubbornly attached to this Cas + Dean AU and won't think about anything else, so we're going to have 3 timestamps of these adorable fools in love!
Castiel spends his first day sober in (what used to be) Dean’s bed, sleeping off his hangover and the side effects of suddenly going cold turkey. He makes sure to drink some water every time he wakes, even gets himself to eat a little bit.
Captivated by the sight of a usually calm and unruffled Castiel tearing at the seams, Dean can’t look away, even as he hums a little louder, pressing his fingertips into Castiel’s thigh —
“Mm, okay.” Dean grabs the bowl of potatoes Castiel had chopped, spreading the wedges on a baking tray. He drizzles them with olive oil, liberally scattering his own blend of spices. A bit of salt, and then they go into the oven—
He soaks in the tranquil calm and helps himself to a cup of offered coffee from the machine set up at one end of the checkout counter, meandering slowly down the shelves.
Castiel smiles; Dean can feel it against his neck. “I was originally intending to hand it to you today and ask you to give it to them along with my regards.”
He tries his best with the memories he has of Dean repairing and cleaning her, back before the outbreak. Dean used to use such a
Perhaps Dean should have come wandering much earlier, considering the rumours floating around about the unknown owner of the shop. While there have been some rather ridiculous stories, the most agreed upon details were: the owner has eyes bluer than the summer skies and holds power greater than the deepest oceans, wild and untamed as the most ferocious beast, capable of even controlling the weather. And, while Dean has his doubts, apparently the last person who had attempted to steal from the mysterious shop owner was turned into a tree. Most people seem to think he may very well be the strongest of all Novaks in history, a line of witches more powerful than the Winchesters are as familiars. It’s all speculation, but Dean feels a small connection, an understanding, for this rather lonely person. No wonder they never show their face; even as the standing champion of
Ever since the weekend, the stormy clouds have disappeared from the skies, leaving behind an endless expanse of bright baby blue and a relentlessly glowing sun. summer is back in all of its blinding sunlit glory, bringing with it Dean’s instinctive desire to wag his tail and go out for a walk. He’d been holding back for the past week or so because he hated smelling like wet dog — and the mournful atmosphere outside hasn’t been entirely motivating, either — but now he wants to run with the birds flying over his head until his legs give out.
A dragon’s roar drowns out the rest of Dean’s sentence, loud enough to shake the floor they stand on. He knows Castiel wouldn’t hurt him but Dean’s body shudders against his will, adrenaline flooding him with the instinct to run as fast as his legs could carry him.
Heart pounding in his ears, alcohol muffling his rational thoughts just enough for recklessness, Dean fists a hand in Castiel’s coat lapel, shoving Castiel up against his bedroom door as he shuts it. Castiel moves easily, pink lips parting slightly when his back hits the door, and Dean’s eyes immediately drop. For a long, suspended moment, he wants nothing more than to lick the remaining taste of bitter coffee from Castiel’s mouth.
He leaves the offerings on the bedside cabinet closest to the side of the bed Dean’s currently occupying. There. Calories, hydration, and medicine, all within arm’s reach. It should tide Dean over for most of the day while Castiel’s gone.
TFW at the beach because this is the only ending I want from Supernatural thank you for coming to my TED talk
“Yeah.” Dean folds himself down onto his toes, tilting his head to one side. “What’re you doing on the floor—”
When Castiel returns home, he’s supporting the base of a thin plastic grocery bag with one arm, his other hand busy holding the bag handles shut so nothing escapes. It contains: multiple sports drinks (the ones with electrolytes, of course, and plenty of the blue ones, because Dean
What could very well be hours later, Castiel turns the last page and abruptly recalls seeing Dean. He remembers Dean asking if he was okay, remembers — with a pang of guilt — snapping a monosyllabic response. But Dean didn’t leave; no, he had sat at Castiel’s feet to read a book, borrowed from the stack next to Castiel.
Dean kisses Castiel in return, Castiel’s stubble scratchy under his palm. Maybe one day, he’ll find the courage to tell Castiel to
“Yeah, you heard me—” Dean’s still clutching at Castiel’s coat; he pulls, insignificant, but Castiel lets himself fall all the same.
He starts losing time. It’s only a few seconds every few days, but Castiel had been expecting it for quite some time. Ancient forces nearly as strong as God himself have a price, after all, and this one demands freshly spilled blood. Even Castiel can only resist for so long.
The academy settled quickly after a buzz of activity. Student life got a lot easier for everyone, since Gordon and his gang stopped bullying people. Nothing really changed for Castiel, since nobody used to really talk to him and it remained about the same; except now, dismissive and judging glances were all but gone, replaced by respect and curiosity. Those who had witnessed Castiel in dragon form spread the news faster than wildfire and in a single day, Castiel’s reputation flipped around. Even the teachers were astonished by the news.
Because that’s all Dean needs, all Dean deserves; to be loved until he’s bursting at the seams, until it’s all he knows.
He was a bird with broken wings but with Dean, he was free. With Dean he felt like he could fly, wings or not.
— into Dean’s mouth. Little whimpers catch in the back of Dean’s throat, soft and pained, but he kisses Castiel with identical levels of desperation, of longing.
Not go anywhere, apparently, because Dean has a hand on Castiel’s forearm, fingertips pressing down enough to say
After what seems like years, he yanked his blade out of the last one, straightening up to deafening silence and bodies strewn all over the floor. He pivots on his heel, glancing around
He’s angry at everything, all at once. The wretched world, for quietly allowing itself to be consumed by the Croatoan virus. God, for playing with lives like they’re part of a cruel game of creation, for sitting back and not doing anything even as his creations suffer. Lucifer, for being a petulant
So furious he’s nearing vengeful, Castiel throws empty bottles against the walls around him with all the strength he could muster. He crushes all the empty cans between his hands, smashes the few wooden chairs until they’re reduced to jagged scraps of wood.
haha I only had 4.5 hours of sleep this morning and my clown brain immediately decided I needed to write
“Yeah, I keep tellin’ him to get it cut— He never does. Dunno how he deals with that on his head all the time. Nice touch with the gift, by the way.”
He’s afraid, Dean realizes. There’s pain in wanting from afar. But the pain of not being wanted is different. And while the joy of having is more than enough for him to want, he’s far too afraid of destroying what he has cradled in his hands.
The man immediately tries to urge John up from his seat. Dean’s reluctantly impressed, then irritated when John refuses to budge.
“Okay.” Dean’s voice is barely above a whisper. “Okay,” he repeats, almost to himself, eyes trained on his shoes, and Castiel can’t help but curl his fingers around Dean’s wrist to guide him forward.
“Hey,” Dean murmurs, “never said I didn’t like it.” He stands — just to give himself an excuse not to meet Castiel’s eyes — and groans, arching his back in a long stretch. Dean’s cheeks are warm when he holds out his hand. “C’mon.”
Dean immediately releases Castiel’s hand and steps away, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry. I’m gonna… go.”
He holds onto Dean’s little stories of countless hunts and long drives, sleepless nights and bloody wounds, good burgers and descriptions of all kinds of people.
Dean reaches the end of the street, pausing on the sidewalk in front of what looked to be a neat cottage of a moderate four person family size.
Yeah, he gets it. Sorta. It might be a bit embarrassing to be an animal of a compact size. But it isn’t something to be ashamed of! Dean hopes he’s made it clear to Castiel that he doesn’t care about what his other form might be.
He nibbles halfheartedly at a few dry crackers, just enough to smooth the jagged edges of furious hunger gnawing at his insides.
Dean holds it off until it burns bright as a supernova inside him and he excuses himself to the diner restroom, locking the dirty, wobbly door behind him. But the spell won’t be satisfied by masturbation, and Castiel takes it upon himself to give Dean a hand.
Without his permission, an affectionate huff tears itself from Dean’s lungs. His giant little brother is sloppily sprawled on the floor, long limbs loosely curved close to his body, blinking upward sleepily through his eyelashes. Sam’s hair glows a rich chocolate brown in the sunlight, contrasted and made brighter by smooth gleaming onyx beneath his shoulders.
Dean does laugh at the thought this time, a short chuckle that spills low and fond from deep within his chest. “Perfect.”
The growl that rings out in the dumbfounded silence shakes Dean down to his bones, igniting a primal fear that sends adrenaline flooding through his body.
so Castiel sheds his suit jacket and dress shirt, dropping them carelessly to the floor. He’s more cautious when it comes to his laptop, cushioning it on his clothes with his blue tie on top.
Protective golden symbols appear, their glow fading with a green tint as they sink into the walls. Satisfied, Dean joins Castiel under the comforter, yawning widely. Who knew emotions could be so draining?
Instead, Castiel holds his tongue and tiptoes to the window, pulling the blackout curtains shut as quietly as he could. There’s usually a sizable gap between the curtains — because they both have an appreciation for falling asleep to moonlight and waking up to sunlight — but right now, darkness would probably be the best bet.
Castiel forces himself back, the barest whispers of his grace roiling inside, just enough to keep him alive for a few more moments, to keep him breathing long enough to say his goodbyes—
Castiel doesn’t say. Instead, he scoots closer on his knees. All his words have anchored themselves to his throat; everything except,
Brow furrowing gently, Castiel tilts his head a few degrees to the right (towards Dean’s left shoulder — not that Dean’s keeping track or anything, okay) as he considers the taste. After a pause long enough to make Dean nervous, Castiel’s constipated concentration expression smooths out and he licks his lips.
the soldier days and the Croats don’t stand a chance; they attack based purely on animal instinct, stupid and primitive in comparison to the cold calculating brilliance of the angels he used to battle and lead his Garrison against.
Ridiculously unruffled, Castiel holds still while Dean shakes, swallowing everything Dean gives him. He licks Dean clean and tucks him neatly back into his pants, brushing the backs of his knuckles almost possessively over the soft bulge as he buckles Dean’s belt. Then Castiel smiles, small and pleased, and if Dean didn’t just have his brain turned into mush, he would’ve kissed those lips to see if that smile would grow.
The door is blocked; someone stands in his way. He looks at Castiel with wet eyes and gasps a broken
Quick as lightning splitting the sky during a storm, the ocean of grief inside switches to anger. So much anger, it’s bordering on vengeful.
“I got it,” Dean says, gruff. He doesn’t leave until after he’s draped a blanket over Castiel’s shoulders, spending an extra unnecessary second smoothing down the fabric.
Reveling in the way he could finally breathe without feeling like he’s a step away from suffocating under all the pain, Castiel doesn’t feel the cut on his palm until he closes his fist and digs his nails straight into it, blood oozing between his fingers. Straightening his hand, he presses gently at one edge of the gash, hissing softly at the sharp bite of pain singing through his nerves.
Dean smashes their lips together, swallowing Castiel's sharp gasp like he'd been starved for days on end. He pushes the jacket off Castiel's shoulders, sliding a thigh up between Castiel's legs in a dirty grind.
And he knows he should probably go to Dean instead of forcing him to make the quest alone, or even get up to greet him.
Chuckling, Dean tucks half the comforter over Castiel, threading his fingers through dark unruly hair. Castiel exhales a soft rumbling sound not unlike a purr and turns his whole body towards Dean.
Wincing, Dean slaps a hand over Castiel’s mouth, weak laughter bubbling up in his chest. “Dude,” he definitely doesn’t
Castiel, never one to be outdone, snakes one of his own hands down just as Dean’s about to sink to his knees. Gasping, Dean knocks his forehead against Castiel’s, hips bucking forward against the firm warmth of Castiel’s palm.
No one stops Castiel from walking through the halls of his home one last time. No one stops Castiel from resting a hand on the beloved car and silently implores her to take care of two brothers. No one stops Castiel.
Castiel’s already moving, closing the half step of space between them and bringing a hand up to cradle Dean’s face as he presses their lips together. It’s gentle and sweet and better than everything Dean imagined kissing Castiel would be.
Castiel falls easily into Dean’s embrace, pushing his face into Dean’s neck. Dean tries not to think about how Castiel fits perfectly in his arms.
Castiel leaves the bag on the kitchen counter and sets the blueberries in the fridge, filling one of his suit jacket pockets — he’d automatically shed his coat and shoes just inside the front door — with a package of unsalted crackers and the entire bottle of Tylenol. Dean’s already taken three if the ones Castiel left him are gone; he has to be careful with giving Dean any more. Collecting three of the drinks he’d bought, two blue and one orange, Castiel makes his way upstairs.
delightfully messy dark hair more wild than usual, jaw and face slack, collar unbuttoned to expose his throat, hands curled into fists next to his spread legs— And, when Dean meets Castiel’s eyes, they dilate impossibly further right in front of him, beautiful blue thinning into narrow rings surrounding black.
"Cas, I'm so sorry for bringing you here, I thought you would like it." he implored crouching down in front of him.
"Someone's with him!" shouts Henry already two steps ahead of Dean's command. Wait what did he say? "Daddy, hurry up Cas brought a girl."
"Hello Dean." greets Castiel in that perfect deep voice, eyes glancing at Sam before moving back to him. One look is all it takes, for Dean to lose motor function those blue eyes gluing him to his chair, their like his own kryptonite.
Dean sat down after Cas was seated, his timing perfect as the french doors opened to reveal Ellen holding two plates with bacon cheeseburgers and sweet potato fries.
Not to mention the shower was his go to place for such indulgences and he was home alone: not an often occurrence in his life. It was no wonder his body had got the wrong end of the stick really. In fact, he had probably been that way since stepping into the shower only too preoccupied to notice.
"The photos will be upside down, please Cas is really nice to sit with." arguing no more Dean does as he told groaning when his growing seven-year-old son lands in his lap.
"You should practice your upset to lose but happy you won face just in case." offers Aaron making Dean re-think his position.
"Okay," Dean gently linked arms with Cas his movements careful so not to spook him. They couldn't go through the front door since Dean had a surprise that would be too easily discovered, instead, pulling Cas to the left to a black gate hidden in the hedge. It weirdly went unnoticed by most and from the look on Cas' face he was the same.
Wait, Dean feels a shiver run down his spine, that voice in his head like the proverbial devil on your shoulder. Why can't he? Would that be weird to take time with himself? He's really been neglecting that part of himself of late much to Dean junior's annoyance.
"Alfie what happened with the two you know who's," asked Charlie stilling the little conversations and glances to Sam, Gabriel and now Dean.
Nodding Dean looks over at Sam, who is basically jumping out of his skin in unexpressed excitement since Dean came out? "It's Cas, right?"
"So, that's never stopped him before. Don't you normally just wink at them or something Dean," teases Sam. "Oh shit, did you get rejected? The great Dean Winchester."
Something was going on, it seemed practically normal these days only this time it was Uncle Sam. He was all mopey, it wasn't about his job because he was missing that little glint in his eye that told Henry he was okay.
"Shut up! Anyway, I stayed in my old room and I guess it made me feel proud, you know now that I'm living on my own and I'm still in one piece. So I promised myself I'd ask Cas out on a real date because it's what I want, he's what I want."
"Well you guys have fun," said Sam before closing the door behind him. Dean felt Cas tense a little so he squeezed his hand in reassurance before they both got settled in Baby.
He saw multiple stalls with pop figures and Cosplayers everywhere, to his left was Jon Snow with Hermione Granger, Venom with Wonder Woman and multiple different Doctor Whos.
Gabriel had saved the day before he even knew he'd messed up (damn him) but it had been too late and Cas didn't arrive before his second lesson, which meant more waiting.
Much to Dean's surprise and perhaps Cas' it doesn't end there, the nights together become almost weekly. More so once Dean finds out how much pop culture Cas is short of, the guy doesn't have a clue about Indiana or even the Ghostbusters. Leaving Dean with no other option but to get him clued up and if that means seeing more of him, that's Dean's cross to bear.
"When I was fifteen Gabriel was leaving for culinary school, we were eating our last breakfast together when our parents threw some photos on the table. Old photos of Gabriel with an ex-boyfriend."
"You what?" asked Cas and whether it was due to voice being a little louder than normal or they could just sense something coming silence fell.
Once inside he can see it's nicely decorated in warm colors, comfy chairs and what he supposes is nice art. He glances up at the board above with the drinks list, oh if he had wanted written proof he shouldn't have come inside its staring at him in black and white.
"You bought one for everyone else, I thought you could place this in your room," suggested Cas, Sam remaining quiet. Next came the sugar, Cas had really outdone it. Wrapped in cellophane tied with an orange ribbon was an assortment of Swedish Fish and Oh Henry! bars.
Gabriel who was a constant texter replied by ringing his phone, "Yo Bro, sorry can't text I'm a little tied up."
First the pie and now this, something was so going on with Sam. Dean was starting to suspect this crush was serious.
Even Dean could see how beautiful it was, so to someone like Cas whose thoughts went far beyond Dean's own musings on flowers (pretty, move on) he couldn't comprehend what it looked like to the other man.
"Gabriel's are the best only I'm not too sure he'd serve me at the moment" grinned Dean thinking a pie was more than fair payment for being such a good boss.
"Not much, luckily he's still got his flower glow." Dean smiles knowing how guilty Sam feels for not being around, though he can't deny enjoying the space with one less body around. His own mind's been a little preoccupied lately. "Are you able to head home for a shower and some sleep?" he asks not holding out much hope of either.
Though he suspected both Gabriel and Dean of laying heavy threats at the feet of Alistair and Lillith. It seemed they were at an impasse, it was weird how they showed no qualms about hurting him but seemed afraid of going against Gabriel.
Cas stepped forward the eyes locked together, Dean breaking it to glance down at Cas' lips before gently placing his own against them. He felt Cas' whole body shudder against him as he wrapped his arms around Dean's neck to pull him closer.
"Bitch." not bothering to take out his map Dean followed his gut by setting off toward an array or rainbow flags knowing Charlie was out and very proud, spotting her name and some artwork from her latest collaboration Dean headed for the queue thankfully it wasn't too long.
"Hello Sam, my brother was kind enough to make us some honeyed madeleines," informs Cas gesturing at the box Dean had just set down.
"Great, you have to meet my Aunt but we're in desperate need for someone, it's getting really busy."
"Truthfully, I don't know." he hated that the most not knowing, for Henry mostly but also he wished he knew she was safe and okay. "Carmen and I weren't together when she found out she was pregnant, I didn't love her and it was the same for her. I offered to do right by her, that we could try to be together. She said she didn't want us fumbling through a relationship that wasn't real, I was with her through the pregnancy and I thought we could make it work. That Henry would have two parents that weren't together."
"I did my shopping, you know for Cas." might as well launch into this thing quickly, he certainly hadn't expected his Dad to break out into a smile.
"Hells yeah, I'm hungry and Gilda's away with her parents so I'm comfort eating." Cas gives a smile hoping the sleepover will be enough of a distraction. "Plus Dean likes to eat and Sam is just getting bigger. They've all got that fast metabolism bullshit." he smiled at her both of them reaching the counter where Kevin had lined up a few bottles of soda.
“You’ve already done so much,” Cas argued, stepping closer as if that would stop Dean from walking out the door. “I’ve almost lost you too many times. I’m not letting you put yourself in harm's way again. Not until we have a solid plan. This isn’t just stupid, Dean. This is destructive. It’s suicide.”
“I’m fine,” Dean promised, trying to hide his bag from Cas’ view. It was dark, but the window provided enough moonlight that Dean was just visible enough to make out in front of the door. All he could see, though, was Cas’ silhouette. “I was just going for a walk.”
“Okay, please just be careful today,” Cas sighed, giving in as stepping through the threshold. “Promise me you won’t be reckless?”
"I tried," Cas mumbled, pulling the blanket up to his chin with a small sigh. "I can't seem to fall asleep." Before Dean could answer, Cas continued with, "why are you in here? I thought Sam was still home."
"You say that, but I know how dad was," Sam argued. Dean ignored him, walking past the door to the section of the store they hadn't been through because they didn't need any clothes. He saw something that caught his eye and he wanted to get away from Sam and this conversation, so he walked off without saying a word. "Dean, don't walk away from me!" Sam called after him.
Sam and Bobby stood back by Dean, watching it happen with the same dumbstruck look on their faces as Dean. Cas, who had been weak and struggling to stay on his feet an hour before, was taking down John Winchester with nothing but his bare hands. It wasn't a sight you could see any day.
"What, gay people?" Charlie snorted, keeping her voice down. There were other people walking down the sidewalk towards the building where they were going to eat dinner, but no one close enough to hear their conversation. Dean met her eyes, hoping he didn't have to say anything for her to understand. He nodded, swallowing nervously. She copied his head nod, catching on easily. He didn't have to come out and say it for her to get it. "I've told one person about myself," she whispered, suddenly more serious than Dean had seen her since they met. "There are some people who I know wouldn't care, who might even support us. But John. . ." she trailed off, a guilty expression on her face.
Cas sighed, not speaking for a long time. Eventually, he ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and kissed Dean’s head. “One of these days, we’ll find a place of our own. Me, you, and whoever else wants to come with us. Everyone will be free to be who they want. I could kiss you in front of other people, hold your hand, tell people how I feel about you.”
Dean cut him off by pulling him in and sealing their lips together for a gentle, reassuring kiss. It didn’t last long, considering where they were, but Cas pulled away with a smile. “It’s normal for you to worry, baby, but I’ll always come home to you.”
Cas went back to sitting on the bed, his hands on his thighs as he looked at Dean. "It's fine, Dean. We can just forget about it." He didn't seem angry anymore. He hadn't seemed angry since that look he gave Dean at dinner, but there was still something bothering him. Something caused by Dean, which meant he needed to make it right.
“I’ll see you soon,” Dean replied, returning the smile to tell her he was fine. He could do this, just like she said.
“Yeah, sounds good,” Dean agreed after a few more seconds of gaping at his brother, confused. He wasn’t against leaving now by any means, so he wasn’t going to push any more. “Cas?” he said, looking to the angel to get his input. Jack would follow any plan Dean had at this point, so he didn’t have to ask the kid.
"I swear," Charlie sighed, and that was the end of that. They didn't have anyone else come in for the rest of the day and Cas didn't come back into the room to talk to them either. When it was time to head home, the three of them were deadly silent, which never happened. The past three days, they'd walk home talking non-stop and it was great. Not today, though. Today, Cas and Charlie walked silently side by side while Dean trailed behind, feeling like he really fucked up for some reason.
“No, you wanted nothing to do with me after you found out about me,” Dean growled. He was tired of the lies. Tired of John pretending his years of abuse never happened. “And if you don’t tell me where Cas is
Dean rolled his eyes as Cas looked back at her, his eyebrows drawn together seriously. “Don’t worry, Charlie. We didn’t have sexual intercourse in the car,” he assured her. For a second, Dean was stupid enough to think Cas would leave it at that. But, without missing a beat, Cas continued with, “Dean brought a blanket and we had sex outside on the ground.”
Charlie grinned, holding up the bloody bullet in her hand, which was also covered in Dean's blood. "Right here, buddy," she said, tossing it into a metal tray to the side as she changed her gloves. Dean's arm was still throbbing, the pain not subsiding much.
He pivoted on his foot, rearing back the metal bar to swing. He had to calculate this just right to miss Castiel's head. The vampire had Cas on the ground, teeth aimed right for his neck. Dean swung without hesitation, metal striking a hard skull. The vampire cried out, but Dean hit hard enough to free Cas from its grip. Instead, it aimed its anger- or hunger, maybe- at Dean. Cas managed to scramble back to his feet, just as Dean was tackled to the floor. The only thing between him and those teeth sinking into his skin was the metal bar holding this thing inches away. Dean pushed, tried to use his legs, but the thing was positioned in a way that Dean couldn't get the upper hand.
Dean chuckled, dragging himself off the bed as he picked up his phone off the bedside table. "I was going to suggest order pizza," he admitted, stretching his arms and legs casually as he punched in the number to the local pizza place, his eyes never leaving Castiel's. "Any preferences? Pepperoni, cheese, whatever you want," he asked, raising an eyebrow as he waited for the restaurant to pick up.
Cas nodded, his eyes staring back into Dean’s in a way that made him shift uncomfortably in his chair, even in so little light. “Yes, Dean. That works for us.”
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat as he came crashing back to reality. Being with Cas, like it was only the two of them in the whole world, it made Dean’s problems melt away for a while. He had to remember that not everything was all sunshine and rainbows. There was still a big issue at hand. John Winchester. “Yeah, you’re right,” Dean sighed, squeezing Cas a little tighter, as if that might keep him there longer.
“A nickname,” Cas finished for him, making Jack’s face light up as he realized the word. Dean noticed this kid was odd, but he wasn’t one to judge.
Claire was sitting on the swings next to another girl her age, laughing together with their faces close. Dean thought it looked rather intimate, but girls were weird like that sometimes. When they saw Jack, they waved him over, even giving Dean a small smile. "Dean, would you mind-" Jack started, but Dean cut him off with a dramatic eye roll.
"Cas," Dean whispered, holding his hands up as if to prove he wouldn't hurt him. Cas knew he probably wouldn't physically hurt him, but his brain wouldn't let him believe it. All he knew was the fact that Dean constantly picked on him and made him feel unsafe, so that was why he couldn't talk to him now. "Okay, come here," Dean said finally, hooking his fingers into the sleeve of Cas' coat, pulling him closer. Dean carefully took the notebook Cas had a death grip on, prying it from his hands until Cas had nothing to hold onto. Nothing but Dean. "Just breathe," Dean instructed, moving his hands up to Cas' shoulders, backing him up against the car.
Cas rolled his eyes, but Dean kissed him before he could come up with a witty response. "That was a good distraction," Cas mumbled against Dean's lips, making Dean laugh and pull away, instead pressing his lips to Castiel's forehead.
Eventually, Jo broke the silence with a small sigh, causing Dean to glance at her questioningly. She smiled, folding her hands together in her lap. “Do you know what you’re going to tell him?” she wondered, her voice soft and comforting.
"I mean, it's not really a relationship," Dean said quickly, trying to fix his mistake. "I realize it may have sounded like I was insinuating that he and I are. . . together, but we're just friends," he explained. Charlie stared at him, confused. He nervously licked his lips, glancing at Cas's head, then back at Charlie. She must have noticed the look of fear on his face, as the thought of anyone knowing Dean's true feelings were terrifying. If John found out, Dean was pretty sure they'd be kicked out, thrown to the monsters for their next meal.
When he woke again, it was very sudden and someone was shaking him, saying something in his ear. Dean jumped, his hand flying to the floor where he left his gun. Out of instinct, he wrapped his hand around it, but when he realized it was just Jack, he relaxed, withdrawing his hand back to the couch, resting it under his chest. Jack took a few steps back with wide eyes. He knew better than to wake Dean like that, yet the kid still did it all the damn time.
“Dean,” Cas mumbled, forcing himself away from Dean as he sat up on his knees, looking up at the ceiling. “It’s late. We should get some sleep and talk about this tomorrow when we have clear heads,” he reasoned. “And besides, we can’t do. . . strenuous activities with your arm anyways.”
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, turning around and allowing himself only a moment to compose himself before throwing open the door to reveal Jo, impatiently standing there with her arms crossed over her chest. "Sorry," Dean mumbled lamely. "I couldn't find my shoes."
“Give me a lift,” Dean answered, like it was the obvious answer. Sam opened his mouth to object and Dean cut him off with a sharp glare. “Sam, we have to find out what he’s planning. Come on, dude.”
Cas smiled sweetly, his hand finding the small of Dean's back to rub it gently. "No rush, Dean. Whenever you're ready," he assured him. Dean appreciated Cas not trying to rush him, but Dean was serious about telling Sam. He needed to make sure Cas was sleeping and since it was his fault Cas wasn't getting any sleep, he had to fix it. "Now eat your breakfast," Cas added, standing up suddenly. "I'm walking Jack to the kitchen for work if you'd like to join. We're leaving soon."
"Yeah, nevermind," Dean mumbled, looking away to hide how ashamed he felt for being so closed off, never able to have a serious conversation.
He left most of his things in the car after locking up the garage because he was too tired to pack it back inside and put it all away. He led Cas and Jack into the bunker, using his last working solar powered flashlight to light the path inside. No one said anything as they walked, but it was probably because they figured Sam was sleeping. Dean was supposed to tell him when he found Cas and Jack, but he didn’t want to wake him, especially because he’d ask what happened. He didn’t want Sam worrying about the vampire attack, especially since they were all fine.
Dean gave up on trying to stop blushing, even after five years of being with Cas, because the guy was constantly making Dean's face hot. Just the right look from him would send Dean over the edge. "I'll make the tour quick," Dean promised, leaning in to kiss Cas briefly. Cas grinned as he waved goodbye, disappearing to talk to Claire as Dean turned back to the new guys. "Alright, this way!"
Cas shook his head. "No, Dean, you said you would. You wanted to make sure you were ready for another person to know about us. You were supposed to tell him days ago. I assumed you told him when you walked him to work the other day."
"I've talked about myself a lot," Jo said eventually, a slight smirk on her lips as they walked off the trail in the woods. They'd spent so long searching the trail, they knew they'd find nothing if they kept at it. This way, they could look into every little nook and cranny and maybe even find the damn skinwalker. "You're not tired of me yet?"
Charlie didn't say anything, but Dean could feel her looking at them, silently judging Dean for not coming out and saying what he desperately needed to say to Cas. But he knew she also understood that he couldn't, which was why she didn't say it. She kept her mouth shut as she stitched up Dean's wound, silence settling between the three of them. Dean closed his eyes, trying to breathe through the pain. Cas still held his hand, keeping his promise of not letting go.
"B-But-" Dean managed to croak out, before another series of knocks came from the door behind him, followed by Jo's voice calling his name. He didn't know what to do. Cas was here, admitting his feelings for Dean just like Dean had wanted- yet he couldn't tell Cas the truth. Not with Jo behind the door waiting for him. "Cas, I have to- Jo is waiting," he said, his heart breaking from the look on Cas' face.
By the time 3:00 rolled around, Cas was full of nerves and anxiety all over again. Dean knocked on the door ten minutes late, but Cas didn't mind. He had extra time to figure out some ideas for the project that he would share with Dean. Hopefully, they'd get everything done today and then they wouldn't have to see each other anymore outside of class. Cas could forget all about this embarrassing experience, aside from accidental glances in the hallways at school.
“Perfect, Cas,” Dean promised, letting Cas’ hand go so Cas could sit up and find a better position. Cas placed his hands under Dean’s legs, finally finding the perfect angle for both of them. As Cas’ hips reached Dean’s skin, he hesitated there for a few moments, letting Dean breathe as Cas watched him, almost in awe. Dean blushed and tried to will himself to look away, but he quickly realized he didn’t care if Cas saw how much his gaze affected Dean. Eventually, Cas started to move, very slow at first, a concerned look directed at Dean until it became clear that Dean was fine. In fact, Dean was more than fine. He’d never been better. It was a little uncomfortable at first, but as Cas gradually thrusted into him, it soon turned into pure bliss.
"And she'll be staying at my house tonight," Charlie said, also with a smile. "If anybody tries to get to her, they'll have to go through me first, and I'm an asshole."
“Let’s go inside,” Cas whispered against Dean’s ear, only pulling away enough to drag Dean into the house. Dean appreciated that Cas didn’t let go. Dean stumbled along beside him until they were in the house, the door shut and locked behind them. It was quiet, so Dean figured Sam and Jack must not be home yet. “We’ve been looking everywhere for you,” Cas said, sitting Dean down on the couch.
"That's why we can't skip," Cas retorted, kissing Dean's forehead before nudging him off his chest. "Let's get cleaned up. Sam and Eileen are meeting us here soon." As if on cue, there was a knock on the door. Dean was really glad he had locked it because if not, there would have been another traumatized Sam situation.
"That's good to know, but I'd like to stay here for a while. Jack is finally happy and Sam too. And as long as I'm with you, I'm happy as well." He raked his fingers through Dean's hair, a sweet gesture that Dean leaned into, letting his eyes flutter close to just enjoy the sensation of Cas' touch. "I'm almost done counting," he promised, after a few moments of silence. "Tell me more about your day."
been sleeping, Dean. He’s right to be concerned,” Sam retorted, giving Dean that look like he knew what was best for Dean. “Maybe you should take it easy out there today. We can just go on a supply run.”
“Come here,” Dean answered, patting the spot on the bed beside him. He couldn’t sleep anyways, so now was as good of a time as any. Cas stared for a long time, until Dean sighed impatiently and leaned across the bed, grabbing Cas’ had to drag him underneath the covers. Once Cas was settling in against Dean’s side, his head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean let out a deep breath, resting his head on top of Cas’. “The nightmare. . . was it the one where you lost your family?” Dean asked, tracing his fingers over Cas’ back gently, over the old t-shirt that once belonged to Dean.
Jo glanced at him with a small smirk. “You scared?” she taunted, making Dean roll his eyes. “Don’t worry, I come out here all the time.” Despite her reassuring words, Dean still felt a cold chill run down his spine as they crossed over the threshold into the woods, away from the safety of the neighborhood. Jo led him further into the trees, walking for maybe another ten minutes before they came out into a clearing. There was a lake that glistened in the moonlight taking up half the clearing and Dean stared at it for a long time, listening to the sounds of insects chirping around him. Eventually, Jo took his wrist and led him closer to the water where she fanned out a soft blanket for them to sit on.
Dean swallowed, nodding his head slowly without consulting with his brain first. He didn't want to talk about his past, but he felt safe enough to do it anyways. He knew Cas wouldn't push him away or judge him for his past. Cas might not understand, but he would be sympathetic at least. "Okay," Dean agreed. "I can do that."
Jody rolled her eyes, ignoring her kid, instead moving a little closer to Dean, eyes full of curiosity. "You two are brothers?" she asked, gesturing between Sam and Dean. "And hunters at that." Dean could see the gears turning in her head, but he had no idea what she was going on about. She hummed, throwing some kind of knowing look at the two guys she brought with her before turning back to Dean. "Let me guess. . . Winchesters?"
"You are such an ass," Dean grumbled, rubbing a hand over his face to avoid looking at his brother with red cheeks. "How long have you known?" he wondered. Dean had been pining after Cas for the past two months, but technically they'd been together for going on three days.
Dean closed his eyes, the lump in his throat preventing him from speaking. He replayed the scene in his head. They were outside the house, basking in the cool night time air. Jack had caught a firefly in his hands, marvelling over the golden glow coming from the bug. Castiel and Dean stood side by side, laughing at the kid. Sam was across from them, desperately trying to catch more to add to the jar.
“Dean, you never told me-” Cas started, grabbing Dean’s arm to pull him closer, keeping his voice quiet, as if that would keep their conversation between the two of them.
"Sam left us more than two blankets, right?" Dean asked, ignoring Cas' last statement because he couldn't handle talking about Cas wearing his clothes anymore. It was just getting too weird. He searched the bags and the pile of blankets on the floor, only finding two. One to sleep on, one to cover up. Except, there were two of them. They had plenty of blankets, which Dean knew for sure, because he was the one who packed them. When he realized Sam had taken all but two of the blankets, he groaned, running a hand over his face in frustration. "Bitch," he grumbled.
Dean groaned as the disgusting smell of corpses cooking in the sun filled his nose, making his empty stomach churn. If he had anything to throw up, it would have already been on the ground. He had no idea what was going on, but it seemed as if the dead were just. . . well, dead. There hadn’t been a single supply run where they weren’t ambushed by the stupid zombies as soon as they opened the bunker door, so something had to be up.
"The vampire from last night," Dean finished, because Cas wouldn't let him go without some kind of answer. That was all he offered. "Come on, let's go home," he changed the subject, his voice faltering. A part of him wanted to tell Cas the whole truth, just to hear him say it was all going to be okay, but he didn't. Instead, he slipped off that stupid suit jacket and replaced his normal one, grabbing the rest of their things. Cas took his bag from Dean, so they each had one slung over their shoulder. Dean led the way out of the store, back out into the sun, away from the dark.
Dean rolled his eyes, but decided to leave without a comeback. He locked the doors behind him as Sam got out to follow him into the store. He had his gun and his knife both on him, and Sam carried his gun too. If they ran into anything, they'd be fine. Still, he wanted to get out quick.
“Did you hear a word they said?” Sam wondered, once they were alone and could talk freely without being caught.
Dean cut him off with a gentle kiss, stealing the worry and confusion off the tip of his tongue. Cas tensed for a moment before almost immediately relaxing into Dean's touch, his bloodied hands reaching for the collar of Dean's shirt to pull him closer. Dean kept his touch light, pulling away before Cas could take it even further. When he opened his eyes again, Cas was watching him curiously. "I love you, too," Dean whispered.
Dean fumbled around until he found the blanket, discarded on the ground, and laid it flat in the grass. When he turned back to Cas, the angel had already taken off his shirt and was working on his pants. Dean watched, unable to tear his eyes away from the beautiful man in front of him. “Lay down,” Cas told him, voice low and firm. Dean did just that, lowering himself onto the blanket as Cas towered over him. As Cas dragged his jeans down his legs, Dean sat up on his elbows and watched him carefully, his mouth watering. He wanted to do so many things to him, it was driving him absolutely crazy. “Dean,” Cas said, dropping to his knees, slotting himself between Dean’s legs.
"Okay, I get it," Cas chuckled, shaking his head. "Yes, we helped, but we couldn't have done any of this without you, Dean."
“I’ll walk you out,” Dean offered, despite his full plate of food sitting in front of him getting colder by the minute. He felt the need to see them out, just to watch them walk off into the distance. He felt like if he didn't, something ridiculous would happen, like a werewolf jumping out to eat them despite it not even being a full moon. He stood up, giving Sammy a look to make sure he stayed there to eat, since he needed to gain his strength back. Dean followed Cas and Jack up the stairs, removing the blockade for them to get outside. Again, today was quiet and the undead were nowhere to be seen. “It’s nice out today. I made sure to put water in that bag, so stay hydrated, okay?” He felt odd, caring about someone else’s safety other than his own, or Sam’s, but somehow he couldn’t stop himself.
He found himself sitting outside a few minutes later, resting on the steps leading up to the front porch. It was late afternoon now, so the sun was up, but working it's way towards setting. A subtle breeze had picked up, cooling the back of Dean's neck where he had worked up a sweat from all his anxiety. He tried to clear his head and think about something that didn't involve his dad, or Cas. The two things that had his head all fucked up right now. For two completely different reasons, obviously, but they were equally distracting and he couldn't handle that right now.
"Okay, thanks Dean," Jack replied happily, moving back from the couch to give Dean enough space to get up.
"How-" he started, cut off by a fit of coughing from how dry his throat was. Cas offered him a sip of water, which Dean graciously accepted. He took a deep breath before continuing with, "how long was I out?"
After what felt like hours, they left the mall with bags of clothes and souvenirs that they didn’t need, but Cas had to have. While they were walking out the doors, Dean was deep in conversation with Cas about a shirt that had honey bees on the front of it and how much Cas loved it, when something stopped him dead in his tracks. He nearly ran Charlie over as she stopped in front of him without warning. Dean looked away from Cas to see what the hold up was, only to meet a pair of eyes that were cold, but familiar and unsettling. Dean felt Cas tense beside him, his fingers tightening around Dean’s.
“That guy looked like a dick,” Sam offered, as if that would help Dean feel better about the situation. Dean did huff a small laugh, because yeah, Crowley did look like a dick. Mostly because he
Cas wasn’t exactly happy about Dean running off again so soon after getting back, but Dean had no choice. He had to find Sam before John did. There was no telling what John would do or say to Sam to somehow fuck things up even more. Not that Sam would willingly follow John, but if John had some kind of blackmail, that was a different story.
Dean thumped Sam in the forehead and rolled his eyes. “It’s a long story,” he sighed. “All you need to know is that John made a deal with Crowley. In return for the protection spell, John sacrifices one soul every month for Hell.”
When the apocalypse started, Sam had been away from Dean and John for almost a year and was rusty when it came to hunting, so he blindly followed his older brother. In all of the chaos, they were separated from their father. Dean assumed he was dead, but he was desensitized to death by now. Even before the apocalypse, he had seen enough death to not be surprised. It all started when his mother was killed by a demon. Since then, nothing really phased him.
"Call off your dogs," Dean growled, fighting the urge to grab Crowley and slam his head into the fucking wall like he probably deserved. Ultimately, this was all John's doing and Dean's fault for letting him get to Cas in the first place, but Crowley was not even close to being innocent. "I'm ready to make a deal."
Crowley rolled his eyes and heaved a dramatic sigh before taking Dean's hand. "I'll heal the angel as soon as I have John begging for his life in front of me," he said, dragging Dean closer to get a tight grip on his injured shoulder. "So if you don't want him to keep suffering, you better make it quick. I'll be waiting in the usual spot in two hours."
Dean would have been content to kiss Cas like this all day, with or without the sex, but the world always liked to make his life difficult. A delicate knock on the front door broke them apart, reluctantly, as Cas sighed and scooted away from the table to see who had interrupted them. Dean composed himself from Cas’ confession and his mouth, but eventually followed Cas into the living room. The culprit, who Dean planned on murdering later, was Charlie. Behind her, leaning against the pillar on the porch with a lazy grin on her face, was Charlie’s partner in crime, Jo.
An awkward silence fell over the room for a moment before Charlie came to their rescue, clapping her hands together to get everyone’s attention. “Claire, why don’t you spend the day here with me? I’ll walk you to dinner tonight and make sure you get home safe.” She jumped up from her stool, waiting for Claire to answer before moving any further.
“I’m right here,” Cas whispered, kissing Dean’s cheek as he sat up to find a better angle, slipping a third finger inside of Dean as Dean desperately rocked into Cas’ hand, his head spinning with the pleasure of having Cas, even just Cas’ fingers, inside of him. Dean still remembered the first time he bottomed and it felt nothing like this. It was with the closeted captain of the football team at one of the many schools Dean went to, so the guy meant nothing to Dean. Now, with Cas, there was still the dull ache and burn of having something inside of him, but it felt
“Cas?” Dean mumbled, his face red as he glanced over to find Cas already staring at him, blue eyes wide and expecting. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, already regretting the cheesy words that were about to leave his mouth. He cleared his throat and swallowed again. “You’re my home now,” he said, leaving out the three words he desperately wanted to admit to Cas, but just couldn’t get out. From the look on Cas’ face, it seemed like he knew what Dean was trying to say anyways.
Dean swallowed hard, guilt setting in. “Sorry,” he mumbled, face red. He got a little carried away and he didn’t even think to ask if Cas wanted to do anything like that while there were people in the other room. It had happened once before, but that didn’t mean Cas was always okay with it.
"He's my old man," Dean answered, watching the look of shock on Charlie's face grow even more. This girl was a walking billboard for over dramatic reactions. Dean found her pretty comical though. "My brother and I happened to run into one of your people, Jody. She brought us here. Kind of a miracle we found him, if you ask me. After ten years, we thought he was dead for sure."
"We can share, can't we?" Cas wondered, innocently. He took a blanket from Dean's arms, laying it out on the floor without waiting for Dean's answer. Cas laid out the pillows for them too, putting them inches apart. "There, that'll do, won't it?" He stood back, glancing at Dean, waiting for him to say something. Dean was too busy thinking about how he was going to murder Sam in the morning. "Dean?" Cas called, waving a hand in front of his face.
“See you soon,” Jo agreed, taking a small step back. Dean turned around to grab the doorknob, his heart pounding. With one last look back at the bottom of the stairs to confirm Jo had already left, he took a deep breath and pushed the door open.
"Oh great, Dean's coming too?" Sam groaned in fake annoyance before smiling back at his brother. "I mean, seriously Dean, get a job or something," he teased.
“Jo, wait,” he breathed, clenching his arm to his chest, trying to find the right words. “I can’t. . . we can’t do this.”
Suddenly, Cas hooked one hand around the back of Dean’s neck, the other slowly trailing down Dean’s chest, past his stomach. In a swift movement, Cas was on his feet again, slotting himself between Dean’s legs as he hauled Dean closer to the edge of the mattress. Cas’ hands continued roaming over Dean’s torso, exploring everything he could reach. When his fingers stopped on the strip of skin between Dean’s shirt and the top of his jeans, Dean was forced to jerk away from the kiss, a small gasp leaving his lips instead. Cas pulled Dean back in without a second to recover, pressing those warm fingers into Dean’s hip, dipping them past the waistband of his jeans while Cas licked into Dean’s mouth, pulling a deep groan from his throat. This encouraged Cas even more and without warning, Cas had a hand on Dean’s dick, rubbing through the rough fabric of his jeans.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Cas asked, finally breaking the silence. Dean dragged himself back up against the wall, but he scooted over to make enough room for Cas. With a small sigh, Cas climbed into the bed, immediately wrapping his arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him against Cas’ chest. “I’m worried about you talking to your father,” he admitted quietly. “I think you’re worried about it too.”
"Seriously, Dean?" he huffed, his arms crossed as Dean pried open the gas tank of the car they were draining. He ignored his little brother, feeding the tube into the tank as far as it would go. "You've been driving all day. You hardly got any sleep last night. Let me drive for a few hours. You have to be exhausted." He didn't seem like he was in a mood to let things go easily. Living with Sam for the past ten years, Dean grew to understand his moods more each day. Sometimes, he argued, but Dean got him to give up with little resistance. Other times, Sam didn't let up for anything. Today, he wasn't letting up. Dean could hear it in his voice.
He struggled up the steps to Charlie’s door and banged loudly with his heavy boots, unable to free a hand unless he wanted to drop the girl. He tightened his grip on Kaia anxiously, kicking the door again until it flew open to reveal an annoyed Charlie, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
"But Dean," Cas argued, still clearly confused. "I couldn't fall asleep in the bed. You know I have trouble sleeping. For two months, I've slept on the floor. I thought it would help to have the same environment, so I moved to the floor in my room. I still couldn't sleep. Then I realized, I didn't have you snoring in my ear, so I came in here. Finally, I could fall asleep. That's why I'm not sleeping in my bed."
When Cas turned away to dress for the night, Dean let out a deep breath, looking away before Cas could start stripping. He didn't need to deal with those kinds of feelings right now anyways. He tucked the tie into the side pocket of his bag for safe keeping, though he wasn't sure why he wanted to keep it safe. It was just a piece of fabric. Once it was tucked away, he turned back to find Cas wearing the pair of plaid pants Dean gave him along with one of Dean's old t-shirts, which made him chuckle.
“Wait, Sammy, I see them,” Dean whispered, hands gripping the window seal to help hold himself up and to keep some of his weight off Sam’s shoulders. “Dad’s back is to me, but I can see Ketch. They’re talking about something. I can’t make out the words.”
Cas pulled away with a hum, his smirk growing as he tugged on the hem of Dean's shirt. "Take your clothes off," he said, his voice low and still the sexiest thing Dean had ever heard. Dean happily obliged, stripping out of his clothes as Cas watched him. Despite having their own place, they didn't get as much time as Dean wanted for intimate situations like this. They fit it in when they could, but Dean was always being summoned by people to deal with issues, to fix weapons, to end arguments. Dean took his role of leader seriously, but he sometimes wished he could just have a few days, or even hours, where he didn't have to worry about being needed by anyone other than Cas.
Dean had a knot in his stomach as they approached the gate where the others were starting to gather. Jo slipped her small hand into his as if to comfort him, which was appreciated, but it wasn’t the same as Cas squeezing his fingers to calm Dean down when he was nervous. Dean hadn’t seen his father since the fight yesterday so he was scared things were going to be bad. He didn’t want the others to see an argument between him and his dad, especially not Jo and Claire, who were already worried about him. Not Sam or Bobby either, because they would jump in between Dean and John in a heartbeat and get themselves hurt. That was the last thing Dean wanted.
“Oh,” Jo said slowly, her sympathetic look making Dean feel slightly better. “You’re in love with your best friend.” Dean chewed on his bottom lip, unable to answer. It was the truth, but he couldn’t say it out loud. His silence was enough for Jo to understand. She wrapped her small arms around his waist, pulling him in tight against her body. “You have to tell him, Dean. Forget about everything else for once and just tell him. I know you don’t believe it, but you deserve happiness too.”
"I am," Jack promised, stopping suddenly to turn towards Dean, grabbing his good arm. "I'm happy, and Sam is happy, and Cas. . . he's so different because of you. You're good for him, for all of us. I'm so glad we met you when we did, because if not, I may have lost Castiel by now." Suddenly Jack's arms were around Dean's waist, pulling him in for a hug. It wasn't the first time Jack had embraced him without warning, but it was more than just a greeting this time. Dean smiled a little, hugging the kid back with his one good arm, until Jack pulled away,
“No, Cas, it’s not,” Dean replied, even though he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t understand him. “I shouldn’t have run away like that. When you told me you wanted to be with me, I should have told you. . . I want to be with you too. I’ve wanted that for a while now, but I’ve been too scared to tell you.”
“It’s nothing,” Dean nearly whispered, taking the clothes from Cas’ arms. He silently hung them up in the closet, which he never used anymore. He was too lazy to hang his own clothes, but he didn’t want to ruin Cas’ clothes by wadding them up like he did his own wardrobe. “Don’t rush off in the morning. I’ll make sure you guys have a meal before you leave, alright?”
"Mornin' boys!" Bobby called, clapping Dean on the shoulder as they congregated into a big group. "Just waitin' on a few more now and we'll start dividing everyone up and give you your assignment," he explained, handing over weapons from the trunk of one of the cars they had parked next to Baby. Dean tucked the gun into his waistband, along with the silver knife and machete they were given.
Dean shrugged his shoulders, not sure what to say. If he said what he really wanted, well, they would be sharing a bed. But he couldn't agree to that for many reasons. "Just try it, Cas," Dean replied, his fingers tightening around the clothes in his hand.
Cas leaned forward, as if he were thinking about moving closer to Dean, but then he thought better and stayed put, crossing his arms over his chest. “You didn’t make me angry, Dean,” Cas said sternly. “I was worried.” Dean looked up again, searching Cas’ eyes. They were staring into Dean’s, scared and shining with tears that hadn’t fallen yet. “You disappeared
"I'm sure it is," Cas hummed, eyes darting to Dean's, holding his gaze. "Dean, we should let Jack settle into his new room. Come on," he insisted, throwing Jack one last smile as he left the doorway, Dean following behind him without a complaint. He wasn't sure why he was following Cas when all of his things were still in the living room where he planned on sleeping, but he still let Cas lead him down the hall, past the room where Sam was currently laying in his own bed, most likely napping. The last room at the end of the hall was the only unclaimed room and Cas pushed the door open, letting Dean walk past him into the middle of the room before the door was closed behind them.
Dean shoved John to the ground all the way, standing up to stomp his foot on the man’s chest to hold him down, gun still pointed at his face. “Don’t think I won’t fucking shoot you right now. You took Cas and now you’re gonna tell me where he is.”
"Right," Sam answered with a knowing smirk. Dean ignored it, instead playing innocent. "I'm sure if it were anything serious, Cas would take care of you," he added with a stifled laugh.
"No," Cas replied seriously, his voice carrying across the empty store. "I just thought it'd be a nice change from your normal lumberjack look."
They walked back to Dean’s place in comfortable silence, Jo holding onto Dean’s good arm as they walked. Every now and then, she would lean her head against his arm in a friendly gesture, giving him a supportive smile. She could probably sense how nervous he was, so he appreciated it. He appreciated how she had handled the entire situation, really, considering he basically dumped her on the first date. She was being a really good friend for someone who got rejected.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean wondered, eyeing their hands before meeting Cas’ gaze again. He looked concerned, but Dean couldn’t figure out what would be going through his head.
"I'm glad you're happy," Dean said, his voice catching in his throat. He coughed, clearing his throat as Sam stared at him, that smile gone without a trace. Dean licked his lips awkwardly, trying to find something else to say, to assure his brother that everything was fine, but he couldn't. Instead, he met Sam's worried eyes and asked, "What?"
When Cas pulled away, he stayed close to Dean, his hands still resting on Dean's thighs. "You'll be careful out there, won't you?" he asked, smiling softly as Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' waist, holding him closer.
Also just a slight warning, there are some spicy scenes to follow in the next chapters, but I want to let you guys know smut has never been my strong suit. I enjoyed writing the scenes though, so hopefully they're as good as I think they are :)
When Dean finally made it to medical, Sam left in the dust, he wasted no time barging through the front doors. Charlie and Jo sat in the middle of the floor in the main room. There was blood on the floor, pouring from a wound on Charlie’s forehead. Jo had busted knuckles, like she had punched someone. At the sight of Charlie, Dean felt a sigh of relief make its way out of his body.
"I haven't," Cas confirmed, leaning back on his hands, exposing a strip of his stomach. Dean glanced once, then forced himself to keep his eyes on Cas' face. "When I fell to earth, it was with a hundred of my brothers and sisters. We spent ten years hiding from everything and everyone, keeping to ourselves, even after we lost our grace. Even as the undead picked us off one by one, we stuck together. There were never any newcomers, no one we crossed paths with, nothing," he explained, going into more detail than Dean had ever gotten from him. All Dean knew before was that Cas had been with others, but he didn't know how many, or what happened to them. "Never a chance for romance."
"So how's Jo?" Sam asked, breaking the silence again. Dean had been dreading this topic almost as much as he dreaded talking about Cas with his brother. It was a dangerous path, considering Jo was pretty much just Dean's beard. "You never told me how that first date went," Sam continued, when Dean stayed quiet. "Still seeing her?"
"Sure," he mumbled. "When I had my powers. But I'm human now and I'm much weaker than before." He followed as Dean left the room to finish salting the rest of the windows. They stopped in the next bedroom, slightly bigger than the other one, and did the same thing as before. "I'm afraid I'll only get in the way if something happens," Cas continued, eyes on the window as he poured the salt across in a straight line. "I don't want to be useless."
Charlie’s face was red as if she had been crying. When she met Dean’s eyes, her eyes filled with tears again and she began sobbing, dragging her knees to her chest. “Dean, I’m so sorry!” she cried, shaking her head. “I tried to stop him!”
"Funny," Charlie laughed, shoving Dean to the side as she slid into the seat. "When you guys said I'd be playing the winner, I assumed it would be you, Dean. Considering how often you brag about being the best," she jabbed at him, making Dean scowl and roll his eyes. Cas had teased him about losing too, but at least he'd been cute about it. Charlie was just being mean, like how Sam used to be when he'd beat Dean at anything growing up.
“Sacrifice?” Bobby repeated, face red with anger. “You tellin’ me he’s been killing innocent people?”
“I have to go,” Dean interrupted, his pulse racing. Cas’ mouth was still hanging open as he searched for words to help Dean, but there was nothing he could say that would do anything for Dean at that moment. “I just- I need some air.”
Cas chuckled softly, swaying closer to fake a glare as their noses bumped. "I blame you for keeping me up all night with your rambling about 80's music," he teased, and Dean didn't have a reply, because it was the truth. Cas asked one simple question, then Dean kept him awake for hours talking about it. Instead of defending himself, Dean laughed and kissed the tip of Cas' nose.
Dean sighed, running a hand over his face as he tried to wrap his head around why Cas would be asleep on the floor in the living room, instead of in his nice warm bed. "Dude, what are you doing in here?" he asked after racking his brain for a few long moments and coming up with nothing plausible. "You have a freaking bed."
"It would have ended badly for all of us if I did," Bobby sighed, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. "The only regret I have from that night is not taking you and Sam in before kicking John out. I let him take you boys with him and it was the last time-" he stopped, his voice going a little hoarse. Dean knew he cut himself off because he didn't want to cry, which Dean appreciated, because he wasn't in the mood to cry either.
Jo was at his side in seconds, examining the wound with a guilty look on her face. "Dean, I am so sorry," she gushed, her voice frantic. "The bullet is still in your arm. We need to get you to medical. Can you get up?" she wondered, words catching in her throat, her voice cracking. Dean could tell she felt horrible about hurting him, even though it was far from her fault.
“Sore,” Dean admitted, grimacing as he stretched his arm too far. “But not horrible.” He looked away from Charlie to find Cas watching him with an unreadable expression that made Dean squirm a little. Cas looked away with a slight smirk, back to looking at the paper in front of him.
"No," Dean cut him off, already thinking about how he wanted to do this. He'd been thinking about it since yesterday, while they were alone before dinner. Dean had almost brought himself to do it then, but they were on a time crunch. Now, it was just the two of them in this big, empty house and Sam would be gone for at least an hour, if not longer. "Let's go to the couch," Dean suggested, already dragging himself to the edge of the bed to stand.
Dean kissed the already fading mark on Cas’ neck and then leaned back to look at him in the light of the moon, just able to make out his features. “I have use of both my arms now,” Dean pointed out, which was obvious. He was just talking because he was freaking out. “And I have- um- I have this,” he continued, digging into his pocket to find the lube Jo gave him earlier. He hesitantly pulled it out and pushed it into Cas’ hands, hoping he would get the hint. They never really discussed who would be in what position, but Dean really wanted this- he couldn’t imagine their first time happening any differently.
“She definitely could have handled that better,” Dean laughed, shaking his head in amusement. Cas turned his look of confusion towards Dean, as if to ask, ‘handle what?’ and Dean hesitated before answering, “She knows. . . about me,” Dean admitted. “She kind of figured it out on her own.” He swallowed the pills down with a gulp of water, hopefully hiding his red cheeks.
"At least for today," John answered through clenched teeth, his jaw tense as he held back that anger Dean knew all too well. For the sake of being around others, he kept it inside. "You'll be circling the perimeter with your partner. We've had sightings of a skinwalker around the back area of the woods. If you find it, kill it. Stay on high alert for other monsters too. There's a lot of hungry bastards out there."
“Not exactly,” Cas answered, as Crowley chuckled at the question. Cas glared at the demon. “We spoke once, briefly, after-”
Dean tried twisting out of John’s grasp, but the man only slid his hand down to Dean’s arm, digging his fingers into the healing wound. Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from crying out in pain. “Bobby took over for us,” Sam said, doing a good job of keeping his voice calm. “We’re going after supplies.”
personal space. “And so are you.” He finished cleaning the wound before taping the gauze to Cas’ head, making sure it was secure before stepping away. “So you’re staying with me, right?” he wondered, finally meeting Cas’ eyes. He put the pain pill into the man’s hand, their fingers brushing. Dean quickly pulled away, still waiting for an answer.
"My brother's actually sleeping right now," Dean replied, the excuse pretty lame, but it was all he had. "And everyone else is unpacking." That was a lie, since their things were still in the trunk of the Impala.
Once they made it back inside the wall, they went straight to the medical building to get Cas off his feet. Charlie and Jo were waiting inside and they jumped to their feet the second the door opened. They had to pry Cas from Dean's side to get him into the bed, but he eventually stopped fighting them.
. Cas hummed a low chuckled, warm lips brushing Dean's stubble. Dean couldn't take it anymore, he wanted Cas, any part of him he could reach. He turned his head, slotting his mouth firmly against Cas' in a heated attempt to get closer to the angel. Cas moaned into Dean's mouth, reaching his free hand up to thread his fingers through Dean's hair. Dean could only get his hand halfway up Cas' shirt, resting against his chest in a slightly uncomfortable position, but it was good enough. It was better than good enough, getting his hands on that hot, bare skin.
When it was time to head back, Dean couldn’t get away from him fast enough. Now that he had pretty much confirmed John was in on what happened to Kaia, he was even more pissed off and disgusted with the man he used to look up to as his father. Dean just wanted a night free of having to deal with John. He wanted to go find Cas, spend some time alone with the man he loved, and just forget about everything else. As long as Jo pulled through and got dinner cancelled, Dean’s night was looking up.
“It’s late,” he said, hesitantly glancing at Dean to see his reaction. Dean bit his cheek, not saying anything. “Maybe you guys could just stay here tonight. Like Dean said, the monsters are going to be out again soon, and they’re going to be hungry.”
Dean finally made it home, just as the sun was beginning to set. People were out walking, on their way to dinner. None of them paid Dean any attention, or stopped to talk to him. Meanwhile, Dean’s mind was racing. These people had no idea. They didn’t know that innocent lives were sacrificed so that they could live in peace. They were living in blissful ignorance, and Dean almost wished he could be like them. He wished he never found out what his dad was doing, because now he had to decide whether his own father should live or die. Killing monsters was easy, killing people was hard, but killing family was something Dean had never thought about, nor wanted to think about. After his mom’s death and living ten years thinking John was dead, this situation was not something Dean saw coming. He was devastated it had come to this.
The walk there took about ten minutes and they mostly passed other houses. Dean studied them, watching children play outside on the front lawns, some adults lounging about on the porch, or playing catch with the children. There were people out walking the streets, chatting as if this were just normal life. It was surreal how normal this all felt. Dean felt a bubble of hope in his chest, like they could actually be happy and safe here. Maybe he could stop feeling like he wasn't good enough to protect his friends and his brother. Maybe he could even work up the nerve to tell Cas how he felt, since they were safe now. Since being with Dean wouldn't put him in danger any more. Maybe.
Dean cleared his throat to fill the silence, resting his hands on the back of Sam’s chair. “Sam, this is Jack and Cas,” Dean introduced them, since they weren’t going to introduce themselves.
Instead of acknowledging his pain, Dean sat up, shoving Cas' pillow back against the arm of the couch as he stared at the angel. "Where the hell have you been all day?" Dean demanded, looking him over for any signs that would tell him where he'd come from. His face was a little red, like he'd been crying, or running, or something. It was a little too dark to tell. Usually, he'd be wearing one of Dean's shirts, but today, he was wearing his old clothes. The tie Dean had given him the day they arrived here, a button up shirt, and those tight dress pants.
Dean couldn’t think straight as he walked down the sidewalk towards his house. His thoughts were all over the place. He was worried about Cas and the girls because he left them alone. They were probably worried about him too. Dean wondered if they made it home, or if they were still out there waiting for him to come back. His mind didn’t linger on it for too long, because it hurt his brain to think about it too much. Instead, he thought about how he was going to tell Sam and Bobby about John. Then when that became too much, he thought about how he was going to hide from John that he knew the truth. Dean had three weeks to figure out what to do before another innocent soul was sacrificed. Three weeks to tell Sam and Bobby. Three weeks to make sure no one else got hurt.
"Our new neighbor is waiting in the living room with Jack, so go out there and introduce yourself once you're decent," Dean told him, stepping back out into the hall. "I'm gonna get Cas and then meet you in there," he added, waiting for Sam to acknowledge him with a nod before closing the door to give him privacy to change. Dean took a deep breath, preparing himself to face Cas as he took slow steps down to the end of the hallway. He knocked lightly a couple times, waiting for Cas to open the door. When the door didn't open, Dean knocked again, harder this time. "Cas, come on man, open the door," he called, sighing heavily when he heard shuffling from inside the room. Dean figured he would wait a few more seconds before just barging in, but luckily, he didn't have to.
